THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. The PRESENT (Sir Henry Ayers) took the chair at 2 p.m. THE COMMISSIONERS OF RAILWAYS ANl> AUDIT. The Hon. W. COI'LKV said he did not see any mention in tlie l?ulilic Salaries Hill of the Commissioners of Audit and the llailway Conimi;=siouerN, and :vske<l if there was any definite undeivtanding with them that they should come under the Kill ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. H. Gordon) Mid there was an unden-tanding. The officers in question voluntarily expressed their wilUngiie.ss to come under the" RilL Tiie lion. W. COVLlCYenrmiredhow much por nut. they won? willing to haw deducted ? The CHIEF SECRETARY s.ud theofferof th« oliii-rrs to coice under the liill was of cosirse on tlie original oji'or, and the. percvata"e had lieeii incnasrtl muw tlvn to V2K (Kro'-nton salaries. As the (rfiicera had not with drawn their const-sit t!ie G.ivornm.nt r.-on sidered they were still wiUing to accept the re duftions. The Hon. W. COPLEY asked if tlio arrangemout was contingent on tho same oiftr K-iug- m.Kle by the Judge* and Attorney- General to accept the reduction * The CHIKF SECRETAKY said it was not so far as tlie Commissioners of Audit were con cerned, because they were in liis department, and he interviewed the Chief Commissioner on the subject, lie did not see the Railway Com missioners, but he did not think any stipu lation of the kind could ba mad<\ It certainly was not made, in tlie case of the Audit Com missioners. RAILWAY ACCIDENT. The Hon. W. A. ROBIXSOX asked whether the attention of the Govenuu-nc had betu drawn to the fact that a ticket collector had been recently killed on the Port Adelaide mil way system, and whether the Government in tended to make arrangements for obviating the probability of such accidents in the future,* The CHIEF SECRETAKY said in answer to a question in tbe other branch of the Leiriiilature a report had been supplied by the Kadway Commissioners, the effect of which was, he believed, that the practice of coUectinfr tickets in the way in force on the line was the same as was in force ou all the narrow- gauge lines in the colony. The Railway Commis sioners did not intend altering the practice. Accidents occurred in this connection just as they occurred in other walks of life. He understood that the percentage of acci dents from this cause was less than that on many other accounts ; less than in connection with the work of sailors or engineers. This he understood was the effect of the report of the Railway Commissioners. If Mr. Robin son wished it lio would obtain further iniorma "The Hon. W. A. ROBIXSON— I should be very glad if that were done. THE WIRRABARA ESTATE. The CHIEF SECRETARY- in reply to the Hon. W. Coi-LET, who asked—Has the Go vernment received an offer to isell to them the Wirrabara estate or any portion of it ; if so. what was the price per acre and conditions of payment, and does the Government intend to accept such offer, said the nutter had formed the subject of confidential discussion only- No proposals which, cauld be referred to had beenm&de.; THE PINNAROO LANDS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, replying to the Hon. F. Krichacff, said no instructions had been given to survey the Pinnaroo lands in sections from 640 to 1.000 acres. The matter was one for consideration of the land board, uhoMa attention would be called to thereportof the riaiiaroo l'ariiaiuentary party recommend ing survey as suggested RETURN—IIERGOTT TO OODNA I>ATTA RAILWAY. The iron. J. J. m TXCAN tn..ved-"Thata return be laid upon the table of this Council -supplying the following mfurination r<->]x-cting the railway from Herpott to Oodnadarts— I. length of th*> line. 2. Tutal cost of construc tion. 3. Total cost of rollinpr-ht.vk. And also particulars for tho y«-.-ir emiijij; June ?.<.!, IS!C, viz.:—(a) Intenst on tofcil n>st of cnuitruetion and mlhng-stf'ie.k ; (b) salaries and \v.v_'es and other expenses; (>) awnpl itiiiiiLn-r of trni: ; >. per week: <d) mil«^aK?- run; ir) tonnaue <■: gixtfls carri<xl; {() inimluT r-f c-ittle and Imrs.-^ carrietl ; (?) nximrxT nf sh«-r-p carri«^i; <hi foruingH from poods an.l Kt.«:k ; (i) nuinhor of l>aivs>.-ngtrK ; (j) rariiinps fr^m pa.s.-*n(,'ei> ; (/-j total annual cost, iududin^ iuteixst: (/> total annunl revenu*-." Tin- line trum HerKuttt<> Oodnadatta had rather a bad n put;iti<m, and in orJer to clear up any iniinipniiunsiou that might evist with mrtrd to the line Itcing a paying rom-m he inovi-.! the m'-tien. In ilw present financial condition of t!i" ciKmy it was iwcosfcary they sljimH know th« true facts of tlie case. The motion would \\*> of an inexpensive <-hai-a<jU-r, and the duta could bu collected easily. Th« Hon. K. WARD seconded the motion, and <«nsider«d that hr>n. mi-nil?-rti should bo supplied with any information they required. With regard to Mr. Ilaslniu's motion, hail he bfjen in nis plaoe on Tu«s*iay u-hen it came^ on he would have gladly senomied it, and n.>t iiave allowed it to lap M l. In hL* own iut«-r«+ts and in the interests of his constituents he desired to counteract the insinuations tfuit bad been made. The PRESIDENT—The hon- momb.-r is not in order. He, must continu his nmaxks to the motion. The Hon. E. WARD said he wa= only replying to an int^rjwtion mad." by Mr. liaslam, and lie was at oao with tlid hon, member in dem&nrling; that iufnrmatinn eliould be supplied to Parliament when) tli« interpsw of the taxpayers were concerned. Wliile that particular information should Lw supplied they should also demand information in a general sense. The Hon. S. TOMKINSON, on a point of order, called attention to the ifurt that >t-. was not conliuiug his remarks to the mution. Tlie PRESIDENT—The Hon. Sir. Ward has already explained what lie wi-uld have done yesterday had he- b?tn in his place with regard to th-5 motion of the Ifun. Mr. HasJaui. The Hon. E. WARD had always eaid that he would never come in contact with the President whether Sir Henry was right or wrong He was only fepeaking on the general quesuon- The PRESIDENT—TIie hon. member can 6ay what he pleases on the general question. The Hon. W. COPLE\ had no objection to the return beiuf furnished, b*cau*« he did not think the cost would br> vr-ry great. The whole information wa3 in the office of the Railway CommiKKioners, and could be pup plied with little trouble- He deprecated tie idea —if tuch existed in the hon. member's mind—of his interfericp with the management of the railways. The Railway Commissioners were given the management of the railw&v.s;, wliich were run on commercial lines. The train from Hetgott to Oodnadatta only ran once a week now, and it would not be wise to lessen the accommodation already provided. The Hon. A. M. SQII^SOX supported the motion. At the present time the Government proposed to construct two lines of railways of a Eunilar character, so that it was neuesoary they bhould have all possible information on the subject. The Hon. J. V. OTiOGHLIXehould besorry to oppose the motion, but he wanted to know why ilr. Duncan had picked out that par ticular railway ? It wa? true that the line was somewhat of :? v.-hit<> elephant, but it was by no means tlie only railway returning a fraction of the interest on the cost of construction. He woiUd like Mr. Duncan to make a compmh-n- L -sim motion asking for particulars of the whole of thfl railways oi the oolony. He would like to hear what the Chief Secrefciry h:id to say with regard to the cost, for if the ex pense was not small and the reasons for moving the motion better he would be compelled to vote against it. The Hon. .1. L. STIRLING pointed out to Mr, O'Loglilin that a return anhpdving what the hon. member asked liad already been called for. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY said the cost of the return would not l>e much, and the Govern ment supported Mr. Duncan's motion. The lion. J. J. DUNCAN, in reply to Mr. Copley, BJ-id h« had no idea of interfering with the management of the railways. Having Rome connection with that part of the country through which the railway ran, and knowing it to be an unproductive work, be desired to acquaint hon. luemlx'rs with the faera. With regard to the objection of Mr. O'Loghlin, surely an hon- member had a right tn enquire into the porting' of anr particular line ia the colony. If he thought Mr. OXoghlin took such an interest in the matter he would have Ikk-u glad to have met liira in the way he had indicated. The cost of the return would be actually nil, for a. clerk could prepare it in a fc«- hours. Carried. LICENSED VICTUALLERS AMEND MENT BILL. Adjounic-d debate on s?o md reading. The }ion. S. TOMKINSON .said th.-manner in which Dr. Magan-y had adiin-ssed liimseU to the question commended itstUf to hon. iuetn- Imi-s. aud bib remarks v.er>.- worthy «t the t-oiusidt-raiion of tho Coiim-iL or of any L.-ci: : lative liall in Australia. Tile, sub jeri v.i,s one with which he «'is familiar, su tint mi}' remarks lie niaxle would hu peitineut to the question. Tlie matter contained in Dr. ]\lajraruy?s r-peivh made hoa. nn.-mlj.-rs i^k tho .[uestion whether any altera tion could lx' niiide iv the pn-aisnt system of liwutiijfr public-houses. Tliey had s.-eu the evils connected with the habitual drunkard. South Auf.rr.lia's reputation as a drinking community nw not in advance, of the oihcr colonies, and :ui cliaimian of the Licensing IJench he could say that they had bc*n tuc ffchsful ill controllijig mid curliuig th? d^- I the fnr drink. As far as \w knr-w a good many i of the couimouplace drunkards appeared! before tbe magistrate uvet and over again. JieJ did not think that the number of drunkards had increased and in his position on the Ijeensujg Bench he had done vis best to check the number of licenses issued. Teiuperance eoeieties wore working wry zealously to cope with tiie drink traffic, but it vould be im possible to shut up all pubb'c-houses as they were a necoseity for public convenience. Tlie only qut^tion was whether the numberconldnct belimitwi There was one part of Nortii Ade laide whore tiitre wns no hotel and tlv ni-i -deut? joalously guarded againat ar.y intrusi. ?n. A large qiif?stion which they had v> c;?jisidor was the limit to be plaoed upon tbo nuini <:r of hotels. Tliis involved some- action v.hi<-!i was referred to in olaiLsea 4 and it iif tin; llill. Clanse4 pni\ided thatapoll ni*yb'i|!.-?ii:-.'i:«-«i for by one-b-nth of the uumbi-r of T«:r.-"ns ;■■':•: df«t in a district whoso nani<>; «'<-r<.- <«i tii«; ratepayers' mil. Ciauau 5 gavi- t!:e ;ynii!>-:i.s to how- tin? poll mas to l)e taken. Clii'is': 1 contained a list of tlir.-? resulutioTis to have eifirct within a district uj>« v.liicii :)x -limTtnuMit iui-ht !v; jxiiiiim. ■>*. T!i<- tliii-d ..f th-s "Tint th- .-lie i.i iutnxirating 3i<ju.>rs bli:Jl Ik> }av:l.il)itr-<i"' — w>oai.'.l to !:im ratiwr a drastic arovis'^ii. He lia«l witue.-ioil ]>>Uing procw^i \r.--.-h in li^rtn of tin* city and Fuliurijs, and fco.-ii'-s ii::J ."incurred on these onaesions in conee'.jne!"...e oi t ho proximity of j>u' •lic-houscssuch as he never wisbf-d to &v; ajraiu. Jlp would support the second reading of the liill, and hopi^ the Council ntitild uithuut opposition go into com mittoe, i.-heiv they could with proht enter into the merits of the provisions t>f the merisure. As a ru!?- th« {niblir.-hcni.Hes in South Australia wore r<>i!ihirtr-d in a very proper way. An as sociation <all<-d the Licensed Victuallers' A.sso ciation had li-t-n formed bj- mombers of the tr.-idi?, and vrap i-ompG&ad; of hig"li]y-reaj>ecteri men, ■whos.j objett was to ki* p the trade resueetablo. To a very large extent they had tucoe«-d<^d. Of course thov could not keep out all abuses, but they had done a. greit deal of good by their c-fforte, their desire being that public-houses should be conducted in a. thoroughly reputable manner. Due attention ruust b« givou by members to the accommoda tion provided for the public, and when dealing with tlie measun care should be taken that all that was required in this way fjiould be given. So far as posiililo closing public-houses in certain localities in a manner which would be regarded aa relations should be guarded against. Thus, a public-house should not be closed in one street so that another house in the next street might do all the mure business. If this were done the good end aimed at by the supporters of the Bill would not be achieved. He would support the proposal to ascertain the feeling ut residents in districts with re gard to closing public-nouse6 on Sundays. On the mouoa of the Hon. W. HASLAM the debate was adjourned till Wednesday, September 13. REAL PROPERTY AMENDMENT BILL. Read a third tune and passed. SUCCESSION DUTIES BILL. In committee. Schedule L Titles of Acts. Tlie Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said when he previously addr-w*d the House h« had said be would si^k to amend the schedules, which were the imjvvrtant part of the Bill. Fie had two objeeiH in view when considering the form the amoudment should take. The first object was to make the amendment as simple at, jiossble, and the fiecoiid lo make it bo that it would to far concur with the action taken in another place ac to mate it probable that the amend ment would be carried, not only by the Legis lative Council, but by the House of Assembly. He ■would make the amendment in xhs second schedule. Kdirdule passed. Schedule 2. Duties on property derived from a deceased p.r?on to be as.sef.sed upon the net present v^lue of eucl. pro|>-nv. The Hon. Dr. CA3II'M>:LL niovod nn ST^:?Tid!ttr-nt as f^Uows : —**Jjj.**?rT after *pro perty' in line 2 the words 'ifler deducting the sunr«rf fL,W?>. t.n which no duty i-hali l?-'pay able.' " At pn-.-y-nt the- widow paid no sui>ees sion dury whaiewr, and paiil 1 per rent, prn l^tt: duty oa sui:is after £l.i'fc«l. A i-hi!.i l>;iid 1 percent. i<rob:it.- up to fl.v^and s-iu-oi—sion duty aft«-lliat amount- H.? would make one or two comparivius. If they Mnk tip-s-um i.f t-VX>, un.i. r the pT-.-s-lit A<:t wjrj.iw wr.iild pay Ui:r'iing nt nil avA :l child would r*r *:.-.. l'nd«r th nn>iPt«'-d 3'ill Ixitli wuiild pay £7 IV*. It tl:.-y ivk W*> they four.,l that th« wi"dow ]>:::,:! no ri'iry, :>ti-1 \h~>> liiild 1"5? j.rob:.t<-. Under l):e pr>?p*>^-d Jiil3 b*>tb «*?uid par A'IS. Tak* fJi.Hii'i: :ind.r ih<\- present Act a "widow would j;ay £'-W and tluj child f<«, Jmt untler the proposed P.iU Ixjth would pay tVJ'I Take £j,<?iw, ar..l they would find that tlie wiinv mid £50 at pr.-s.mt. tlio child £K«), and undor tim 1 proprewd Bill cwh wcmld jiav itSS. Take fJ.<'oo, and the widow wouid bo found t'. pay f.K> and the child £1 ?iitrejia un<i«-r the i;r.,i>.>--d Hill tlie amount world. be £4^t each. That represented the |K)pition in South Australia, and with a, view of getting an iiica of how such mattf-ra were arranged in the other colonies be would refer to NW Zealand. Xc-w Zealand liad bnn he'd up as the very van of democratic evolution, and jvt X«>w Zealand cvacted no duty upon the widow. He would take £500 h> far rs the widow was concerned. The ]>n;j**"vl Hill wouM exact £7 10s. on that aui'iunt, Victoria nothinp, T> ow Socth Walrjs i.7>, tjueensl.ind f.\ and T.T--mania £l. r> in pp.bate duty. Unil« th- Hill, on £?)0 the payment would 1)O £18, in Victoria it uould b« nil, >"ew South Wal'js £"!«, and Queensland £|9. On 13,000 the juynient under th 6 Bill wuuM he £ia>, in Vic tcriii it would I* £30, New South Wales £30, Quocnalaud i-W. and Tasmania, probate duty £UO. On £ft,UOO under the Bill it would 1« ti'*X whereas in Victoria it would lw> £17L New t^outh Wa'es £]SO, Queensland £Z7ft. and in TaMiiani* £270. Those tlgpre* showed wuat a* cr^aT diverpenri- tiiero was in the laws of the ■x>V>ni?-s- It liad l*"-*-n urpe^i that they should nas> tin? Bill l?'.-aufi> it was a revenue Bill, but he. asked members if it would be fair to pass permanent taxation bocau>ie tlm colony was temporarily depressed. There w«av> />ther diivctions in whicu taxation might be imposed t-> raise money to meet a temporary trouble lt was said' they would have to meet the tjeistieg difficulty by imposing ex traordinary uixation, but he did not think they ehould sanction the imposition of th« uixation in the way proposed. He wm pre pared to pay extra taxation, bat he did not approve of the impost being provided in that permanent nw'asuro. His ;iracndment was very ample. He did not propose to touch any other portion of the- FcheOule, and h<3 thought liis amendment would rnte; with con tlderable Fupport elsewher?. Toe CHIEF SECRETARY hoped th« amendment wouid not be pressed. It was a very pojiular arpument to stand np for the widows, but owing to the position of the colony the Government could not take it up. Ihe Bill was to produce revenue which was absolutely required, and after looking round at the available sources of revenue the Government oould ccc no better means than by taxing property which mssed at death froni one person to another. The exemptions proposed in the Bill appeared to liim to be eutficient for all fair purposes. The argument* of Dr. Campbtll in reference to the taxation in other colonies were quite irrele vant. He might just as veil compare Victoria, where there was a beer tax, with South Aus tralia where there was none, or compare the progressive land tax of >'«• Zealand with tlie laud taxation of South Australia. If revenue was to lie raised it was the duty of the Govern ment to see where it could be imposed ■Aith the least inconvenience to the tax payer, lie would like to know what other sources there were which would not be s-o harassing as the method proposed. He defied lion, members to thow a source of revenue that would be less harassing and in convenient. (" Beer tax.") That would be a greiit inconvenience to livinu persons who regarded Iwer as a necessity. Political writers on taxation all the world over agreed that taxation in the nature of death duties wae one of the most easily levied and paid of any form of taxation. If the Council would not assist the Government end would not grant the Bill to produce the revenue that was needed, of course the responsibility would rest with the Council. (Hon. F. KrichauS—" Is it not un certain afttr all ?*') Xo; in ibe average it had been bhown by experience that it was ab^o lutflv certain. The Government had perfect confidence in theofficers who madelhe estimates. If they were going to make the revenue balance the expenditure money must be ob tained somewhere, and he would like members to say how it could be got if not in the viray proposed. (Hon. D. JiL Charleston —*" Ijin-l tax. 73) Hon. members knew that for the tsui.il holders to have added to their burdens extra laud taxation would be more inconvenient «nd harassing than the taxation prr>pcyS;"-d. I*nle~£ members were prepared to BUa:d 1-y tlx.-C■> vcrnmeiit in tome, other impo.su.<"?n <-f t,*tsi;i -tionthcy should support tl/;-Hill. Th" 3U' had been before the Council 'nr- fur.-. .i::' •. tween that time and the pi-.sui: i-i-n- ;;,it.' had been a general election. A mi. ! jria .i*| members had l>een returned lo tin- Hum-, v: | Asfctmbly in favor of the Hill, .uni m ;*-k'J\ membere torfcmemlierthefmi thi't t';■■ nie.iMir* cam« to them with The Kim-ti.ni ..-i 'he ii.ninrj so far as could Ixj ascert.iined. '!*!.•■ lVil m. identically the same as they h.--.-. .li-.-.!t v,-i<b | l>cfor.?, and be hoped member* voiJ. 1 r, i:.r;ij! r their duty to tlie country. IK- v.:ia I'.-nliinr with the liill a.s a revenue I'iU. Th.- Hon. K. WAIM>--Sir. I ri=.-«..- - p-..'i>! <.f order to protect against tli- Chief S-.-ci?T.-iry cl.-alinir with the peiicral ;)riiK- ip!e.-i of tli<\- HiiL The Chief Secretary has no ri;;"!' *•> 'I>< w> and h<-.flight to tN.-afino his remarks to the amcud ™The CHIEF SECRKTAKY—Sir, I j The lion. E. WARI?—Mr. Chairman. I PlThe* CHAIRMAN—The remarks «?f the Chief &-crctarj- were not on the general prin<i- j ple£ of thr? tfill. He v.^ae only pivinpr liisi ■vasnii? why this amendment should not be l^'xhe'CHniF SKCKKTAKY— Vviien the i hon. nieiiiijer intennpted mi- 1 was in the act r fJ^Won.£.WAJRI)T-lasli thatjtfegiffpide the Chief Secretary used be taken down. I insist ou them being taken down. The words of the Chief Secretary I want taken down, Mr. Chairman. The CHAIRMAN—WiII the hon. memlrer saywhat the words were ? The Hon. E. WARD—The Chief Secretary said, " I am dealing with this Bill as a revenue Bill." I Rsk that those words which were usr-d by the Chief Secretary just now be taken down "uy the Clerk. The Chief Secretary was deal ing ivitli the general principks of the_ Bill. I rjii simply repeating tlie words of tue Cliief Secretary. I insist on tho wordb being taken ««ov.-i. lam endeavoring to uphold the ciitrn-t. , practice, and privileges of this Gv.lLKji. Tin-. CHAIRMAN—Does tho hon- member ■wi.-!i to ur-jiie tin's on a point of order ? Th- lion. M VVAJIIi—I shall tako your ruling on the question, or if necessary I shall submit tlio qmsliun to tbe l'rebiil.ait, .-u:d if necessary to tho Council generally, that the rule* of i'arlianient m'i«t Ije upheld while they exist. Tho reference in committee to the general principles of the Bill was mads by the Chief Secretary with a view of influencing our derision on the question. The CIIAIRJLAM—I understand the hon. member to draw my attention to the words of the Chief Secretary— '* lam dealing with this Bill as a general revenue Bill." The Hon. K. WARD—Yes. The Chief Secretary is dealing with the whole question and nut any particular clause. In committee we can onl? deal with the clause and not with the general principles of the Bill- It will throw us into an unmitigated srate of dis order. The CHAIRMAN'—I find it is necessary that the wfli of the committee ehould be ob ta.ir.ed on the question whether the words should be token down. The Hon. \\\\\ A- ROBINSON—I would like to know the words complained of. The Hon. Mr. Ward seems to be uncertain as to what the words really were. The CHA.IRMAN—L? it tbo will of this committee that the words The Hon. E. WARD-jSir, on what autho rity do you say that tho will the CHAIRMAN—Order. Will the lion, member please lake his seat ? The Hon. li. WARD-Sir. on what autho rity do you say that the will of the Council should be obtained on this question ? I claim my right as a member of the Council to de mand your autboritv. The CHAIBMAJN—WiII the hon member kindly take his seat ? I quote from the standing orders, which state:— In a committee of the whole Council, when any member objects to words osed in debate, and, etating- them, desires that they should be taken down, the Chairman, if it appears to be the pleasure of the committee, shall direct euch words to be taken down, in order that the 6ame may be repeated to the Council on its resuming." I now a&k; is it the will of this committee that the words should be taken down ? The Hon. E. WARD—That ratist be taken by n vole of the whole committee. "The CHAIRMAN—WiII the hon. member kindly take his seat ? Is it the will of this committee? The Hon. E. WARD—I object to that The CHAIRMAN—WiII the hon. member please take hie seat ? The Hon. E. WARD—I object to your ruling. The CHAIRMAN—I have given no ruling. The Hon. E. WARD—I submit, sir, that you have not carried out the stand ing orders. This is tyranny. The CHIEF" SECRETARY—I hope the hon. member will not provoke line as leader of the Council to take etcps in connection with his action which he will regret. I cannot sit here and lit ton to the hon. member use such words as *"tyranny" without takin<r notice of them. lam sure lam expressing tho feelings of the Council when I say that the remarks of the hon. member are uncalled for. The Hon. K. WARD—I relieve the mind of the Chief Secretary by withdrawing the ex pression '"tyranny," not in a Parliamentary sense but unreservedly. I absolutely with draw it. I don't think the question yuu have determined is one that should be The Hon. .r. V. OXOUHUN—Is itcom j«:tent for the hon. member to put his objec tion in writing? The CHAIRMAN—There tR no ruling disputed. lam simply giving tho Hou. Mr. Ward tbo opportunity of withdrawing the remark he road.-.. Will the Chief Secretary kiufJJy ruflurae the dinenswinn on the Bill ? Tho CHIKF SECRETARY said ho was not dualinc with the jreneral principles of the Hill at all as Mr. Ward thought. He was arguing tlie Bill from a, revenue point of view and ?aa directing his attention to the wheduW*s, which really the principles of tlie CilL Ho aski'-d hon. members not to (support l>r. Camptell's amendment, because the Bill had b««>n before the country and ? majority of members returned to Parliament pledged to support it. If lion. roeml>era held individual opinions on the 6ubjej;t they should not put them up against tho expressed voicn of the country. (Tho Hon. K. Ward—""Some of us are not delegates.1') If a measure were presented tv the House of Lords and tho country had decided on its adoption they would never dream of rejecting it. The position of the Council in relation to the House of Assembly was analogous. Once more he nsked hon. meml>ers Lo consider the position of the colony. There was a heavy debt to meet and the ex penditure was large. Therefore it was lieces rary to impose taxation, and the succession duties were felt by the Government to be the ]<-aot harassing and least inconvenient. Dr. Campbell's amendment would not only affect widows but also grandfathers, grand mothers, and great; great grandfathers; in fact up and down the whole family tree. He hopexl Dr. Campbell was not scrims in moving his amendment, for the exemption was unasked for and unneces sary. He thought the hon. member would go no further than widows, but he was not con tent to reft with tbem, for he brought the grandfathers and grandmothers also under his wing. If euch an exemption as the hon. mem ber proposed were allowed the whole Bill was practically useless- He hoped the hon. member would not press his amendment. The Hoa. Dr. CAMPBELL said that in considering the question of taxation they had to look at the views of other communities as well as our onu. By doing that they were able to come to a satisfactory conclusion on more satisfactory lines. He would like Co point out that he was- not an opponent of the Bill, as he gave his support to it on the huEtintfs. The amendment he proposed euivJv did not reach thi point indicated by the Chief Secretary, r.:i'jely, the tboulute destruction of the BilL Tlie oiguruent of the Chief Secretary meant that a larger portion of the revenue which was to be derived from the Bill would come out of the first thousand pounds. It would affect those hard-working men and women who had saved up a few hundreds, and when the hus bands were called away the widows would enjoy the advantage of their husbands" hard earnings. Therevenuetobederivedfronithel3i]l would arise not from large sums but from <?mull ones, and it would make a great difference to those industrious jjeople who provided forthoir children. Those working men and women who left perhaps a few hundred pounds intiie shape of a. house or a little bit of property would be seriously affected. {The Chief becretary— "Not many working men who could leave a thousand pounds.") A good man loft that sum in the fOiape of a hou^o. There were very f<-w instances with respect to the ivise of gTjindfalhr-rs as put by the Chief Secretary. However, he would go with Mr. 'Jordan s^longas be coul.l gt-i tlie exemption with regard to widows and children. The pro visions uf the schedule had not been put before the country, and tho people practically knew nothing about them, lie was satisfied that if the country had the same knowledge of the scope of the Bill as they had that day the people would certainly go with him in his pro posal as to the first £1,000. He askwi die Chief Secretary whether the estimates which he brought down were calculated upon tho principle of the subdivision of the estates, or upon the general amounts left duringl past years. The amendment would not, he thought, involve a very large sum, but the Government proposal would heavily press upon those to whom small amounts were left. Ho put tho case of a widow with sii children who hswl a little property left her, and had to lxiar heavy expenses conw-niii-nt njxoi tb« (loath of J:e*r husband. Supposing the were left £L,<jOo, it wouid probably be a hard matter for her to raise the necessary £20 cash for duty. It w«s circumstances of this nMurrt which loci to auvu:pts to <-va«l<* the law. H«'. Ma-s .-ilwi njs.sirod that if the cx«'mutu<n who pas.-yd it vi-ouid \v agreed to in tl-.i. other H'->u.s^. H.> triiiini t'ao Couucii would agree to tiit< amend "'fi'..'- Il'-n. .T. WARREN" wmiM wipi«irt the aiiniitlui ni. and thought tli« l<iss vhiih n ! v.;.; :\v -.vi^ild sustain undi-r tlio cimniirtaw-."-. aliii-iivj .. j w:ic futiii:ie:itly Iw^vy withuut the ::fi-'::rion <«f the (invfnmiont coming down iKnivilv uj*m Jut for i!ii;v. Ou>- and ail of tli'/?>l.-<'rors with uhrini In" had were airainsjt *h'-prinfiiil<-oi" tin- is ill. ll<) had nu-t with ;..-.UkK- -mW.le xbi- House xvli,, |,:id alliDipliii ti> justify t!i ( - uii- otuiv; tliit, mijv }n%rtcd tho ojnt«iti<"in <>1 Dr. Campix-11 that j th.- p^.pli- did not know- of tli.« principle of the Kill at llie tiaie of llu- last <?ltL-tion-s, as i);«J '. •■■in put liv tho Clii.-f Si or.tary. Ho vas Mire. | j tlu< Coum-il v.0u1.l not. iwin.?!- thb aiiiiitionaj j I taxation U]«;u wmn.-a and i-hildmi vln-ii sin ixviTiU^- v.-iiuuil <'?iu!(J ij«' laadc up liy «uitui;iiis in ihi' (lutiiic «-xp-*uditun<: fur irihtiiiKi- 11 n-y uiuld eoinoiuisi* uith r<-ganl t" free fducatiim. Th.- H>-:i. W. COI'I.KV hal <xmi.> to ih.; ot>n;lu>ii>?nthjtth«oiieitMhii-ii thennt.-ii.im.-nt w >ulii haw upon tlie rovi-nuc would lo; ? m-iv sirinus ir.utt;r, and al~> that ill-.- widow was :ior very h;:rdly dealt v ith in ih- l^ill. .V larg. ;>:irt of tli^ revenue to be derived under this mi-a-iiiw w.iuld oome from 8iu:ill <-stat.".s. lie .-. ; ;ild w>r !■.>.-. whi-ro this frhedui.t w<?-.l<l pivss i wry li;:i"ijy <m the wi,iow. The priiM-iph umk-rlj iug the Bill was the encouragt-nifiit of distribution. He could not go with Mr. Warren in bje idea of economising with regard to free education and ko being able to do with- j out the duties under the BilL Free education was a great lielp to those who would most largely come under the operation of the Succes sion Duties BilL He would support the Chief Secretary. The lion. W. HASLAM said the Chief Rwrctary had said it v.:as imperatively ue._-es.sary to South Australia to have the revenue derivable under the BilL The Chief S.*:rt-tary liad also said —and he re garded it soinetliing in tho light of a threat — that something would happen if tho Bill wero not pasncd. Ho did not know whether tliis meant tliat nioi-e nn-mlx-rs would lie put into tlie Counr.il, or whether they would all Vie sent aliout the.ir imsiness. <Tl:e Chief Stcri-tary— " No.:' The lion. K. Ward—"lt was distinctly a threat. :'i Tl.e CHIEF SECRETARY had ictoidw! notliinp of the sort. If he had said anything which could be construed into a throat, or into the prnse in which it had lxy>n taken up by Mr. Haslam, ho would withdraw it. "Die Hon. W. HASLAM would accept that afisuraace- Regarding tbe propositiuns iaa<3e to the committee there had been nothing of a practical character suggested by those in favor of the amendment to meet the objection on tho score of revenue raised by the Chief Secretary. Nothing had been proposed as to raising that revenue which the Government must have which could l«e brought into prac-l ical <.>peratioiu The amendment which he Iliad intended moving began where Dr. Campbell's left off. Nt £5,000, bo that on all amounts over £5,000 the duty would be collectable on the whole amount "without any remission. He thought Dr. Campl>ell woiild be wise in not pressing his jinjf- iidment to the full extent. Ef he did not hu would support the hon. member. The nrguuionu? adduced were unansw.?rable bo far a& the difficulties in connection with the widows and children were concerned. Under the schedule the widow having £-5.000 left to her would have to pay at once £2£i, whether the estate wad property or not, and the expenses were exceedingly heavy in small estates. Interest on £235 meant £8 or £10 every year, and tliat was a conisder able amount to a widow who had a family to bring up. The reason given by Dr. CampixJl for not stopping at £5,<*00 was be cause it would bring South Australia into a. line with other colonies, but that was only a little fillinp up. He believed Dr. Campbell would have a better show of carrying his amendment if he confined it to £5,000. The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON supported the amendment, and would lie willing to ex> further. He could not believe that the position of the colony was euch that it was necessary to tax the widows aad orphans is the time of their bereavement. The CHIEF SECRETAKY repudiated any Fugpestion that he had held out any threat. He eimply pointed out that the Council had the Bill with the sanction of the country, and he carefully abstained from TnnTring any threat. (The Hon. E. Ward—" The threat was made by llr. Haslam.") Air. Haslam was under the impression that he (the Chief Secretary) made a threat, but nothing was further from his mind. (The Hon. E. Ward—" It has been made by the Premier.") He did not wish to ccc the schedule touched, but if any amendment was made he preferred Sir. Haslam's. Widowers and others were included in Dr. Campbell's amendment, but eurely -widowers and children over 21 years were able to fight their own battle through life. If it were confined to estates under £5,000 and to -widows and children under 21 there -would be a good deal of force in the remarks sbont taking- money that was required for Hringriwg up the onjl^r**" The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN wss glad the Chief Secretary had made the explanation, because he was distinctly under the impression that a threat was meant to be conveyed. The Chief Secretary referred to the election and to t)je Bill not having been altered, and lie thought tluit meant that subsequent procped ings could be taken if necessary. That sort of thing had been used else where, and :i majority of tho mem bers had voted to send the Bill to the Council in precisely the form in wliich it was received by them, so that pressure could be broujrht to bear on the CounciL With regard to the. remarks about the Bill having been Ix-fore the country he very much doubted if the people knew anything about the t-chedulc. lie favored something of the kind suggested by Dr. CampbelL The present law exempted £1,000, and the ot.ly reason jjiven why the departure; siiould be made was that the KEatc of the revenue demanded it. Dr. Campbell hit the nail on tlie head when he pointed out that the Government were asking them to pass permanent legislation to meet a temporary difficulty. If it was necessary to raise additional revenue they should tax the living. It was more straight and manly to tax the living than to tax the representatives of the dead. If tlie Govern ment failed to square the revenue and expen diture by the Bill he would support them in any taxation on the living. Mr. Haslam'e inipfresTions would meet the bulk of the cases euggested by Dr. Campbell, and he thought it would b« well if the two hon. members were to agree upon one amendment. Personally he would rather exempt all, but recognising what the Chief Secretary had said ho would go for the email exemption. The Government said thi>t estates up to £500 would be exempted, but that would not always be so. If an eetato were worth £500 0a Id. duty would be charged on the whole amount, which prac tically meant there would be no exemption. Hou. members should remember that there were charges right and left in order to give effect to the will of a deceased person. Perhaps the Chief Secretary could givo some informa tion as to wliat charges additional to the duty levied would be payable iv eases of ei-tates such ts he liad named. They knew that tlie representatives of deceased persons <«uld not come into possession or deal with tho.se estates until they bad the advice and service, of a. lawyer. As regards the position of South Australia in the matter of taxation and comparing her with the other colonies he advised hon. members to be careful lest our taxation did not keep within the limits of the other colonies. They did not want to have intending colonists who looked about for the colony where the best advantages were afforded them ignore South Australia because of the system of taxation being in excess of the other colonies. I>et them guard against the colony getting worse. He thought the Council was adopting a proper course in giving mature con sideration to the Bchedule, which was not given tho consideration it deserved in snolhc-F place. The responsibility of mak ing tho schedule fair and equitable was thrown upon the CounciL The records of Parliament shoved that, and it was a duty they owed to thcmat-lves aurl tbe country to duly consider the measure. He was perfectly certain that when the Bill was introduced the country did not understand it, but now they were gradually beginning to comprehend the drastic proposals contained in tho Bill. The Bill liad been rushed through vaf the dark in another place, but he believed that had the Bill been fifty times as drsstio. and knowing the political principles of those in another place, they would have gone with the Govern ment in voting cv bloc for the measure. If there was one man more than another who could mystify hon. members in a pieasdng tort of way it was tbe Chief Secretary. After the speech of the hon. gentleman he almost decided to vote with him, but when he came to examine, the question more closely the dust thrown in his eyes was rubbed out. The Chief Secretary compared tbe Council to the Hous9 cf Lords, but his comparison was not on all fours at all! They were sent to the Council by an important section of the com munity, and not because they were the pos sessors of titles. The people looked to them to do their duty, and if ill considered legisla tion were enacted elsewhere, it was for the Council toputitsfootdownand rectify mistakes. There was a, goad deal ot talk about a dissolu tion. Let the Government attempt it. They dared not on that particular question. lie did not believe the Government would have a, ghost of a show in getting a majority to sup port the Bill in its j>resent fonu. He would support tbe Bill provided the necessary altera tions were made in the scheduleh. The Hon. \V. HASLAM moved to insert after tlie word "property" tbe words "after deducting the mm of i'l,oUooa which no duty fiha.ll be. payable by any widow or any child under the ago of 21 yer.rs on all legacies under £ii,OO(V In tlie Ciitc- of the chiiOren tiiey were 6iij>iu.v> to provide for theuisrfv<-s wjjen they attained the age of 21 years, or at least be- sup po*ed to have gained a start in life. He had already made some, remarks ou tlie position of ividuv.-s wliich would now hold good iv his ""TJie'ion! F. KRICIIAUFF did not quit* unJentoud Mr. Haslam's amendment- It was all very wi-U to t^ay tliat the t-xigi-ncics of t!?? State demanded the pasMiiyr of the Hill, but they should consider wiiivws who v.vn: left comparatively small legacies. He ngru-ii that tiio*- \ii;o wen; left i^rgir legacies hLould be a-sk.-d to pay s;nnieTjjiu.-. The Hon. E." \YAKD wnssomiK-h iiupr^sod by Dr. CauipJieils ligues when inn-t tieh'vered to the Council uu the second reading of the Bill that he mtuie up his mind t.> support liim. It has n.Atr l>e.-n Hh'.w-u tliat the figures w.it iiiaj-curato. Sir. Haslam had p::i<i ?.mc thing which he had apparently inisundorst.Kji}. .Vftcr tW <l\ liVmatiou iu:«le lie li:j-i jio fault to fbiri uith | j^lr. Haslnm. He vas in t a\v.ir<* that tLe i Chief retain,- h;id e.\cr s:iid r.n> tiling which w.iuld justify tho (jueftuui y.ni I'orivard by Hasbuu a.- t.> what might !„- done to the O uii.-il if tlioy refined t<i a.tvnt the Bill. It -.v.-j= >iMt li.vi-imins- -,-mci it <vri:u>i"iy v>.iuld not m.-et with tli-> .i]>in-oval-.if members of Uu.t br:m. h .)t ti>e h-giyianu-.' <>r with the aj>p.-oval .>! the el.-<-i..is \\\U,:? ill- i.-\U,-.- ,-,„„; li -tore them—that threat* should !-■ UU ;(Je hy Ministers o( Iho Orowr. or their .-liinvirtf-i-s iii any branch of the legislature, .is to v.i'u-.t would ' lie done if a certain measure v.ere jiot jtiss-.d. | tit -";is nor. r;£Mt t-j.-.r rrrc-ni]?-.- !-',;,.;i:,l lie! ■ iu.-sde£owan<tl!eirc;:bii:iii.;d' !:i:-.T:ii.- jm;^ji;i v?. i Jby threats that, additionii ;n. ju'.k r : - vm-.-.M tv ' I put into the Legisktive C-ouiitii, or that both lUouses would to seat to the country. l'er-J I haps the Chairman did not know what had been <ionfi in another place. Ho would say that worrls having the effect of what he had said had lx^n usod in another place on the pre vious day. Thi-y wore used by the Premier 1 himself. If tin.- Chairman would allow the whole purpose of the Bill to be discussed he would claim liis right to express the wish that both th^ Houses of Parliament might be dis solved, so that all the members of both Houses might go to the j>eopl<-, and thea they could •ye what tliP people n-:JJy moant aud tuongiit Hcasktd the Cliairman, the I?residfint, and the memliors of the House to agrep to the fact that in their legislation they wen; not lnferen tiallv or directly to be intiuencrd by certain <«nsequenecs which mijjJit otjeur if they voted for or against a certain point lie would sup rKirt ])r. C.impbelL The CHAIRMAN said ho would nut Dr. Camplx-ll's amendmenUirst and Mr. llaslam s afh-nrards, so that nwnj'wrs would have an OVE?£££ M^lPSOXmovcd tostrike outtho^-ord? " widow and descendant mtht, talfe^on the question that tte words proiwsed to be inserted by Dr. Campbell be insorted resulted as follows:— Ates, 10-Tiie Hons. J. H- Ajjgas, J. Bosworth, J. Darling, J. Duncan, WHadam, A. M. Simpson, S. Tomkuism, E. Ward, J. Waww, and Dr. Campbell {teller).. Xot-s 10-TUe Hons. A. fc. Addison,, ?. M- Cl.ari^ton, W. Copley, A^ fcrkpatridc, *. Krichauff, Dr. Macarey, J. Mfm. *■ V- O'LopWin. \V. A. Eobinson, and the Chief Sccretarv (teller). . .^. The Chairman gave his casting-vote witn * ThV^nendmrait of the Hon. W. Hasjam to insert -'by widows or by any child under the a^e of 21 years" was inserted on the following division:— . „ . Ayes, J6—Tlie Chief Secretary. Hons. A. R. Addi.son, J. H. Angus, J- Bosworth. P. N. Charlebton, W. Coi^ley, J. Duncan, A. A. liirlvpatrick. F. Ivrichauff, Dr. Magarey, J- Martin, J. V. O'ijOglilin, W. A. Robinbon, b. Tomkinson, J. Warren, and W. Uaslam Voes, 4—The Hots. Dr. Campliell, J. Darling, A. M. Simpson, and E. Wara (teUer). Majority 12 for the Ayes. The lion. J. H. ANGAS moved that the words "widow and descendant" in line 2 be struck out. , The CHEEF SECRETARY said the amend ment would make the echedulo incompre hensible, because the joint amendment of Mr. Uaslam and Dr. Campbell had obviated the suggestion made by Mr. Simpson. The thing was now complete, aad it was not necessary to strike out the words. . The Hon. J. H. ANGAS hoped the Chair man would put the schedule line by line, and that the Chief Secretary would resume, so as to enable members to carefully consider the schedule. He had been called away, and bong ■unaware of the nature of the amendment made he would like to have time to consider the Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON regretted that >Ir. Angas had not been present all the afternoon, but he hoped the Chief Secretary would not resume on that account. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said the effect of the amendment which had been passed was that on tlie first £L,OOO up to £5,000 of property left to a widow or child under 21 years no duty would be payable. The Hon. A. N. SIMPSON asked if a widow to whom was left an estate £5,000 in value would pay no duty"' The Hon. Dr. CAIEPBEIX—Not on the first £3.000. The Hon. J. H. ANGAS renewed his re quest for an adjournment. He had an amend ment to move, but would like to have more time to consider the matter. The Chief Secre tary had fiaid the principal object of_ the Bill was to produce r^nain, but if all legacies under £1,000 were exempted the revenue to be de rived would \m much curtailed. Members should carefully consider tne introduction of the progressive svFtem of taxation which was involved in. tho i?i!L Ho would much rattier see a schedule similar to that in the Bill of 1876 with tlie proliatc duties done away with t!ian the schedule attached to tbe BflL Both probates and succession duties should not be levied on estates. In the schedule to the 1876 Act the duties increased as the degrees of blood relationship diminished, and that was preferable to the system proposed in the Bill. Another reason why the Chief Secretary should consent to resume was that the return risked for by Mr. TSaker liad not vet been supplied. The CHIEF SECRETARY thought the schedule as amended would carry the exemp tions further than the mover of the amendment intendr*}. He jxrinted out to Mr. Haslam that if his amendment were carried in its present form the schedule would be open to a wrong interpretation, because there was a good deal of difference of opinion as to the use of the terms " legacy" and " property." It would be much better for the lion, member to use "property," which had its definition in the BUL He hoped, of course, that the schedule as amended would not be carried. ,- Th? Hon. W. HASLAM said the amend ment was perhaps not as perfect as it might be. He apprehended the schedule would be recom niittedj and he would be quite prepared to alter his amendment as suggested by the Chief Secretary. The Hon. A. M. SIMPSON favored having separate schedules for widows and cliildren. The Hon. J. WARREN suggested to the Cliief Secretary the advisability of resuming. On Thursday they would bo able to ccc the amendments in print. At present he could not understand the effect of Mr. lias lam's proposition. Tlie Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON under stood.the effect of the clause dearly enough, and if they carried the. schedules right through committee then they would be able to recom mit thpm. The Hon. W. HASI.A3I asked if he would be allowed to transpose three words in his clause. The CHAIRMAN said according to the standing orders no further alterations could be made till the clause was recommitted. The Hon. W. KASLAM hoped the Chief Secretary would not resume. They had the Bill under consideration since July IS, and it had been adjourned on every pretest time after tine. Most hon. oiembers were prepared to devote their time and attention to the con sideratiou of the Bill. The Hon. J. WARREN said if there was so much talk over one schedule -what would be the result before the whole schedule was nassod ? The Hon. J. H. ANGAS said the Chief Secretary supported .entirely tlie position he took up. Tne Chief Secretary had pointed out that the amendment of Mr. TTn«Uwi •would not have the desired effect, and he suggested an alteration. Then Mr. Uaslam, wishing to recommit the clause, found he could not do so, the standing orders not permitting it. If the Chief Secretary placed the Bill on the notice paper for next day hon. members would be able to ccc the amendments in print. They could not properly consider a schedule of that length in a few minutes. As Mr. Warren had ] pointed out the whole of the afternoon had i been taken up in discussing a couple of lines, i Of course the Chief Secretary, with his legal attainments and his great ability, v.-as able toi argue on the Bill, and knew well its effects. A layman could not comprehend it so welL The CHIEF SECRETARY said he was advised by the officers of the Council that the schedule c-ould not be recommitted until they went right through the BilL Before the Bill left the Council he would move that it be re committed. The best thing to do Was to finish tli«BilL . l The Hon. J. WARREN said the various] parts of the schedule required consideration, and they did not luive the time that evening. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he was! between two fires. He wished to oblige both! sides of the Council. Perhaps it would be better to resume, as hon. members would have an opportunity next day of seeing their amend ments in priut. _ Progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again on Thursday. PAPERS. TheCHIEF SECltETAltYlaidonthe table: —By command—Public Trustee y. Arthur ; report of the judgment of the Chief Justice, and report by tho Chief Justice on the case. Pursuant to statute.—Plan showing portions of travelling stock ivserv* in the hundreds of Baldina and Bright proposed to be dealt with by laud board. ADJOUBNiIENT- At 5.32 p-m. the Council adjourned tul the following day at 2 p.m. 