Local and General News; ; Casino Public fjfondoLj— As a result of December examinations, Miss Niven : has' bc«ri raised to 1st. Class,: as a pupil teacher;' and placed in chargo of Wooroowoolgeu' provisional School. Mr. O'K- lly hns gained : , promotion , to 2nd Class;, and ,Misa; Alice Roach, of Coraki Publio School, who takes Miss Niven'fi place, has also boeri raised to the rank of 2nd Class pupil toabher.— EX- PRESS. '??' '? '? ? '?'??? ;i' '! ; ! ' Fbiohtbned into A Pkvfk.— Frederick I of Prussia wits killed by -fear. His wife was insane, and one day she encapod from her keepers, and dabbling . her clothes in blood rushed upon hor^ Husband whilo ho was dozing in his chair.' ' King Frederick imagined hor to bo tho wbito lndy whose ghost was believed' to appear wbonevor the doath of a member of tbe royal family 'was ; to ocour, and he Was thrown into a fever and died in six weeks. . ??-.,?„ ? New Bomance.— A now Enoch Arden romancp comes from Wiyonhoe, Essox. Seven years ago a' soaroan named Chfinoy left a wife and family, and euilod in a ship' which was lost. Ho was regarded as du ud, and insurances oh his life were paid to the ' widow.' A short lime since Chanoy re appeared at Wivouhoo, but hoaring that his wife was ubout to marry again, which was incorrect, did not inuko himself known. His daughter accidontly mot him in Lon don, and induced him' to return homo. Tho oxplanatiou ho gave of his long- absence wus that ho was piokod up at sea in n do monled condition by a passing steamer, ilo was taken to Brussels, and was placed iu au asylum, in which ho was detained six years. ': '' ; ' ? '' ' ; A Golden BDtB.— Trust thyself only; and another shall not betray thoe. A Heavy Penalty.— A odse of consider able iutarest to . printers camo before .the Supreme Court, .Sydney; last wcok. The Attorney General sued a printer named William Smith, for £960 for issuing printed circulars in counoction with a Consultation, without bearing tho printer's namo. ' Tho jury gavo a verdict for tho full amount; The law appears vory strict in this respoct, and should tho omission have been acci- - dental, tho penalty appears to be out of all proportion to the offence. , Fortune Telling.— A young married lady at Nice was told by a fortuue-tellor that she would die on the birth of hor first child. This came to pass, and her husband, who had previously said that if it did so he would die too,, shot hinisolf through the heart. ., Will casuists, and jurists tell us whether the fortuno-tbller is guilty, morally or legally, of murder or manslaughter ? Fbee 'Portrait Photographers. — The Sunday Times' has been' taking a lot of trouble to prevent the public being robbed by those who havo been asked by some Sydney artists to forward thorn thoir photo graphs, and they would execute a life-sizo photo freo of charge on condition that it was shown around to friends as an ad vertisement. Instead of this being done, once they get the photo from which they have to copy, they keep it for a short period and then inform the sender it will require a frame, for which tho charge is as high as £2 2s. Wo have lookod through tho Sunday Times' lust attack on this business, and come to the conclusion it is only a free advertisement for . a company for which a Mr. Oldou is manager, and to whom n number of photos were sent from this district. Clarence Biver Flood Escapes.- Mr. E. Shields, of Lawrence, ridicules the ideas of Mr. J. M'Farlono, M.P., and Mr. S. See in regard to letting off flood waters at the Clarence. He advocates a caual . from South Grafton to tho ocean. Writing on tho matter he says : — 'No canal will ro liovo the Clarence Biver to ndvoutngo un less it relioves it above Grafton, and con veys its own burden to the sea. It would be simply playing tom-fool's game at great cost, to take the flood water out of the rivor at Grafton, and spill it into it again at Lawrence, at the Broad water. Wo know that some Grafton goutlemen have a great down on Lawrence, and bolieve that if it was swept off the face of the earth, they wouldn't lament vory much. But why not have a cut at the llichmond P It is only a matter of money to boro a hole through the Bichinond Bauge, and sweep that hatred rival — more hatrod even than Lawrence— and float it straight away to kingdom come.' Forfeiture of Conditional Leases.— The following have been declared forfeited for non-payment of rent : — T. Dronoy, 960a, parish Ellangowan ; Mr. W. E. Elliott, 580a., Evans. Successful Examination.— Mr. W. P. Russell, of the Superior Public School, Grafton, passed a moat successful matricu lation examination. He attained first place in the list for second-class honours, and came seventh iu the list for the whole colony. Some of the papers were exceed ingly difficult, that for goometory and geometrical conies containing stiff ques tion's to solve, which required a thorough knowledge of the first six and 11th and 12th books of Euclid. The trigonometry paper was also difficult, while the arith metic and algebra was by no means easy. This is the most successful pass so far from the northern districts,, and when the can didate had to pursue tho necessary studies in addition to those necessarily attacking to his position as a teacher, the result is all the moro creditable. Mr. P. Connelly, head-master of the Graf ton Superior Pub lic School, gave the instruction . in mathe matics, and Mr. Laskar, of the same school, coached Mr. Russell in classics; and considering that he hod to compete in honours against many from tbe Sydney colleges, the teaohers must be compliment ed on tbe tuition imparted.— Examiner. Tiik Timber Industry.— At Taree last week a meeting of .sawmill proprietors was hold to consider tho dopressed state of the timber trado, and to formulate some scheme whereby the present ruinous selling rates might be improved. Af tor various sugges tions had been offered; well thought out and clearly expressed, it was deoided that Messrs. Miles and M'Kay be appointed joint secretaries, to communicate with the whole of the sawmill owners on the North Coast, with a viow to foruiiuK a Sawmillers' Association, and the bottorment of the trade generally ; and when replies wero re ceived from those communicated with, another n'eetiug should bo held at Taree at the earliest possible dute. How thk Money Goes.— Mr. Soe stated in tho Hquso the other evoning that there was a photographic staff at the Government Printing Office, and one photographer was employed by tho Department of Publio Works unconnected with tho Governraont Printing Office. The number of persons who had received gifts of photographs from the Government Printing Department dur ing tho last two years could not be partic ularised, as tho photographs were issued through Ministerial departments upon official authority. The aggregate number of photographs preseute'd during the two' years ended tho 28th February, 1893, was 6571, at au estimated cost of £383' 6s : 2d, which wero all supplied to the order (ver bally and otherwise) of the public depart ments. Distinguished visitors and their friends were not photographed ut the pub lio expense and copies distributed gratis'. 