Varieties. v ... ,v ' . " a - - In Lapland dress fashions have not changed for 1000 years. : The "Australian dog and the Egyptian shepherd dog never bark. Ten days per annum is the a vera are amount of sickness to human tife. . . It is estimated that to Paris one person to every eighteen is a criminal. v The woman who never takes any interest tothe fashions needs medicine. It is the straggle and not toe attainment 'Lat measures oharaoter. A doubt is tho heaviest thing you can pick up aud try to carry. Colored students of both soxes are to be admitted toto tho Chicago University. -One-third of the students, abroad, it is said, die prematurely from the effects of bad habits acquired to college. . A life-size statue of Queen Victoria is to be piaeed iu jbhe. Viotoiiar Jubilee Hoshital, Mon&ep;/i/r .'V', : \ Astwormust render' aui-joBni1-. -at idl'i wo&i;, in:U8il#e likewise; of -.our idle silehcb. : ' Switzerland spends on ednpation a sum one-third larger than it spends on its army.-, _ Harsh counsels have no effeot ; they are like hammers which are always repulsed by the anvil. It is believed thovguides to London Tower can exact a. shilling oat of the champion miser. _ Ail the precepte of > the divine law are linked together. Negligence to one single point"" may lead to the destruction of all; \- The money spent upon intoxicating liquors to the United Ktogdom is three- fourths more than that spenfc.to bread. Married people live longer than tho un married, and' civilised nations! longer than the uncivilised. Here the average man gets -his boots patched and half -soled/ hat: the Emperor of China orders 200 pairs of boots atn time. There is a time in every young man's life when for a while he thinks ' he; is a second fihlhmnn. : TTft anrm orata ' rrrrai when he begins to find oat how:many kinds of a fool he is. A curious circumstance, Bays the New York Trilune , to oonneotion with the recent epidemic of cholera at Hamburg was the departure- of allthe birds froin the city a few days prior to the outbreak. Another leper . has been discovered in Philadelphia and the viotim is a woman. The woman will have for her companions a Chinaman and a japanese, who have been at the hospital for sometime awaiting death from toe dreadful disease. The biggest animal is not always the most profitable. Wise feeders take pains to know whon the increased gain ceases to pay for further feeding, and stop right there. When lack continues to stare a man to the face he might aB,weil give np the ghost. So thinks Freddy Gebhard, whose ill-took upon the turf has persistently followed him. He has decided to S9ll all his race horeea in training, and retire from the track. It is reported in the Gaulois that a feather merchant of Paris has. lately reoeived 6000 birds of paradise, 300,000 Indian birds of various 'species, and 400,000 humming birds. Another dealer has received 40,000 birds from America and 100,000 from Africa. Bo careful of thinking too much about ' Art ' with a big A' ; Every age has its pot hobby, and the hobby-horse of this age, as far as I can see, is Art with a big A. It oovers a .-multitude of sins nowadays, and is an excuse for a good deal of something I, being old-fa Bhioned, should call self-will, . Lion breeding is evidently a good busi ness, aooording to Dr, Ball's report of the Dublin Zoological Gardens daring thirty years. Forty- three titters have produced to that time 159 cubs, of which thirty died at birth,. 12 in babyhood, 8 are kept and 109 have been sold, They .realized about 20,000 dollars, not far from 200 dollars or £40 apiece. : During toe golden reign of ' good ' Queon Bess, in London and all the; large cities of Merrie Old England fifty onf of one thous and paid the last debt to; Nature yearly, which means that instead of three-score and ten, they averaged bnt: one score. Now to the 0!ty of London the: average is forty- seven. . - Sleep has beoome a positive virtue. So has a good appetite. In days when toe wear and tear of nerve-tissue force a, man to fight insomnia by morpffia and whisky, and to oreate hunger by sherry and bitters, the Sower of sleeping soundly and eating heart- y becomes of toe- utmost value. The llllll lUl". , ' voice . of the sluggard,' did we hear him complain to these times, would arouse, not contempt, bnt profound admiration and envy.- - - Man cannot assume an expression of-, countenance ob he wonld put on an artificial mask, without. inducing in.himself to a cer- . . tain extent the correspoudtog emotion. Force yourself for a while i" look dejected, and yon will begin to feel dejtcted. Olocoh your fist, give an angry shout, and you will feel, as ifc were, a wave of auger pass_ cycr- ;?ou. ItfollowB, of oourse; that, to miming:: -. iis part, the aotor is, to an appreciable ex- ; tent, compelled to feel it as well. 