That.the company, firm, or person engaged in the. sale of dairy produce between the producer, and the retailors all the year round should also be identified with exporta li ton in times of eurplue supply like an 'seiom goes without saying, and if the wholei or the major portion, of the business was conducted by. one com pany, firm, or pereons, it follows by parity of reasoning that its share in the business of exportation should be propor. teonate. It follows also that the export or. foreign pade would in either case be made subiservient to, or take second place with, the all-year-round trade- that is, if their regular colonial or local customers absorbed the whole of the firet-clses butter nothing but second or third class would be left for exportation, and the larger the number of hands en gaged in the necessary businesse of ex portation the greater the tendency to send only second and third-rate butter to the English market. There can be no doub. that the experience gained by the Victorian expert, Mr. Wilson, during his repent trip to Great Britain and the continent will prove of considerable value to the Australaeian dairy industry, and his reports, together with our own experience, goes to prove that with the Danish, Swedish, American, and Irish competition in the English market any. thing but frtt-olaes. Asatralian butter Ads not tb9 ghost of a chance. These fa?s poiet o?nly in one direction, and . @! i S i Apiirall s kuttr 1q to satisfy the educated and somewhat fastidious taste of local consumers and successfully compete in British markets we must ceaoe to make a second-class article. With those who reside in hot climates or outside the limited range for profitably sending cream to Sydney, and have no local refrigerating appliances, this would be difficult, no doubt, but in such localities butter making does not predominate, for the simple reason that other land products are found to be more profitable. Factories have multi plied during the last few years to an inordinate extent, so much so that in even moderately good seasons the supply will be considerably in excess of the colonial demand, which will make continuous exportation a matter of necessity, but cream being' separated from the milk, or the cream being churned into butter at a factory, is no proof that the result is a really first. class article. If cream that has simply stood in a can for twelve or twenty-four hours after separation is churned with fresh cream warm from the separator the keeping quality of the butter-which for exportation is essential-is de. stroyed, and if it is exported not only realises a low figure, but seriously damages the Australian butter trade in the British market. Yet this practice is common if not constant in many factories, and is an evidence of bad management, that is, detrimental to the interests of suppliers. On Thurs day last we published a valuable letter from the pen of Mr. H. H. Honey addressed to Mr. L. A. l'intyre, .of Berry, which managers of factories will do well to read, mark, learn, and in the interests of those who employ them, inwardly digest. It clearly defines the proper treatment of cream under all circumstances and especially when it is sent to Sydney to be churned at a proper temperature and to secure the best results either for home consump. lion or for exportation it is absolutely necessary that the cream should be cooled as soon as possible after separa tion, and every drop of it exposed to atmospheric influence. Mr. Honey speaks as one having authority and prop perly so, as he furnishes two well-known proofs based on his own experience, which commend themselves to the judgment of every practical dairyman. The first was a few years ago when be, as the manager of the Pioneer Factory, sont to the London market an experi. mental shipment of butter treated throughout exactly as he describes, with the very best possible results, The second only happened last season when two months of the shipping season had expired, the same factory, fearing that quality had something to do with the low rates obtainable in London, sent a shipment of their own treated as before described, and at their own risk, the result being that it realised seven shil lings per owt more than any other shipment by the same vessel either from New South- Wales or Victoria, and four. teen shillings in advance of other samples. In addition to these over. whelming proofs of good management which, if it became general, would not only annihilate second and third rate butter and relieve the export association of nine-tenthe of their trouble in picking, choosing, and grading, but with com. parative ease would establish a eucces ful butter trade in any part of the world against all possible competition and put untold extra wealth into the dairymen's pockets. The Pioneer Com. pany has further received most flattering overtures from Beimann brothers, of Royal Buildings, Bigg Market, New. castle on Tyne, dated July 14th, 1808. This firm boasts that it conducts os large a retait business as any house in London, and does business at all the, large towns from Portsmouth to Invcr ness. It proposes to do business with the factory direct without the interven tion of middlemen, and in the matter of finance or advances on shipmeous would open a credit account with any of the Australian banks against all bills of lading on as liberal terms as cacd be procured anywhere else and pay the highest possible market price for the butter, and having a large amount of cold storage space their lose by depreciation after landing will be nil, and further, they submit the names of their bankers as guarantee and reference. Thbismagnifl. oent offer has not been the result of a canvas,. nor the intercession of friends, and the most .satifcotory part of the business is that the quality of the butter has spoken for itself as shown by the ooittmnnication of Isimann Brothers, which we havo seen. The letter in question is simply addressed to the Pioneer Factory, New South Wales, and fortunately found its des tination without diff?ulty or loss of time. It states that the firm had acoidentally came across the name or trand on some butters they had bought in London where they go pretty ohfen during the Anatralian shipping season (or 1We gurFQ 90 . igeh/pg sil tbht r own trade requirements in the article of butter. In point of quality and colour it says the Australian butter makers seem to understand their business pretty well, a fine quality and a straw colour is what is mostly asked for and ohosen, and they object altogether to' oily, fishy, painty flavoured butter, indeed, the butter of some faotories coming from Sydney they would neither buy nor recommend, and their preference was decidedly in favour of the samples from the Pioneer Factory, hence their offer to dealdirect,'and thus scoure at highest rates, the sample of their own choire without a scramble for it in the general: market by themselves, or the payment of English commission by the producing this valuable information is given not so.much as a puff for the Pioneer Fac tory as for the public good, though having been identified with it from the start we are naturally pleased to see it hold its own, and taken in conjunction with Mr..Honey's treatise on the treat ment of cream it is we think, just nuw, of specialinterest to the butter makers at the refrigerating rooms in Sydney,. to all the dairy factories, and also to those who have private separators. 