Boys' Column. Wagner U • BoT.— Wilhelm Richard Wsirnt-r was born »t Lcipiljj, Ilnrch 22.1813. when ho was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who In structed him in music; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opportu nity or repeat ing the melodies tlmt lie had beard, specially thine of '• Dcr Prclnchntx," which had already kindled his powerful im agination. Aucicnt history, mythology, Greek and Latin wcro his favorite studio*, but his henrt was really in none of these, for he bad a secret aim that absorbed all his thought* and feelings—he was a poet I In his eleventh year he won a priic for the best Iwera on a dead schoolmate, (inJ goon after be translated the first twelve books of lha OJjssej. lie taught himseU English, und immediately became S3 absorbed in Shake- S|>carc that he decided to write a trnjjody. For two loog ycarii he toiled, and daring this period ho contrived to kill oft forty-two ftcoplc in his drama. He was forced to rc cnt, however, and to recall them as ghost* in the last net In order to hare performers cnwgh to play the parts. Meantime he hail left Dresden where ho hail been living, and entered a school at Lclpsig, but ho had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that he was put back a class ; tins so discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tram:ily. When he had nearly finished it ho tint beard Beethoven's tnnsic. This had so strong an influence orcrhim that he determined to set his tragedy to nfusic, and purchased a book on thorough bus to prepare himself for the task. So faicinatcd diil ho Iwcomo with the study, that be de termined to be * poet no longer, but that music should have tbe devotion of bis life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they wen much troubled, for they felt it was the cause of hi* bsckarardacM at ochool ; but when they found him to be writing music, thuy were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy grest harm. lie was not to bo di couraged, however, and composed In secret. But at last bo was placed under the instruction of Theodore Wcinlig, a roan steeped in tbe spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he teamed and loved JTosart. Th« Bsit-Dtrcllers of Japan.— Yoang people who live in Australia may fancy that onr cities tire crowded, and that many families mn*t live without very much air to breathe or spice for tlie boys lo play in. What would they say to the boat-dwcl- Icra of Japan? In that crowilel country hundreds of families rpend'tbeir lives and bring uptheir children upon the water, Rnd know nothing of the land, except as they make an occwionM visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un. oiual business tn erery bar along the coast arc found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These nrc small, flat-bot tomed boats, nnd arc owned and inhabited by a man and hi* family, just as bouses arc in other part* of tha world. Tbcir business is llio transportation of goods aud merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family altair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. lam told that, notwith standing their aplncsi at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat evergoea to anotherVaid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because v be says, it is all fate, and be who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families childnn of threo years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in .learning, he will be thrown ovcrboarj, and teasel and tormented until be is obliged to learn the at in self defence. Ah 1 it is in reading and learning about the people of other lauds that we find bow much we have to love and be thank fnl for in the broad free life of our own. But cten licrv there are children who would be better for snrh frcnucit l«it,lj«. And imrlmw VW «i<VIV have crcal cTiracully in persuading (be little Japs that life In the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the-rivers and harbors of their own country- An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. —1 bad singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and tbc most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that bead, and to carry il Rut with me as a trophy. To single tbe brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver iii bis shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such ahorse as mine. The remainder of tbc herd thun dered off to tbc west with my companions in full chase, and away toward tbc cast went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever he swerved cr.arigh to give me a cbance at bis heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium tbat he was flying in a direct line from bis friends, and lie wheeled about anl charged me, bis magnificent head cocked si'lcwisc, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and tbe foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of bis coursn and landed me with bis off fore leg in a marmots hole, bringing him to bis knees, snapping tbe bone of bis leg off like a stalk of straw and lending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, but ray eyes were wide open, acd tbc approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move to much as an eyelid. The bull came on, bis hoofs rattling on the bard prairie like tbe l>ones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils; one of his born* caught in tho collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his bind hoof grated my temple. He was a* glad to tscaDe as I was myself, and careered oier the prairie after the hen! at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the scuhose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. Wooil. tb? well known Kiig'.ish writer on natural hiatory, relates tbe following true story in his recent book on the horse : " Some years ngo tin elderly ircntlcman dietl, Icnvins to his willow nil his property, including i>" old and staid horse, it so happened that there wu a review in tbe neighborhood, and tbe old lady, who wat sUme-ileaf, drove over to tee it. During the ■nanrcuvrcs a regiment of raralry paMed her and m they did so tbe trumpeter blew on bis instrument some signal which sbc from her deafness -lid not bear. Tbe horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old aa he n<, ht sprang off nt full spceil, tnllopci into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The tipnal to charge waa then given, and riff went the liorse with hit comrade*. The old lady shrieked, ami dragged at tbe rciru to no purpose. Where the regi ment went the home went; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress alter him throughout the whole of the mana-uvres. " After the review was over tbe nfliccre OTOWited round the old horse*, who evidently bad belonged to the cavalry, and offered a Terr high price for him, In order to make a regimeata! pet of him, Tbe off era, however, were refuted." Hi* world ii »o «oM, lon (1 raally aan'l tUj), Uolaaa oat ha* gole, toft (I most gtt away). My heart it all lhu». Jeer (Oil Israel there be (Uift) I Aaayoon*a*lj»eaiia*,4*at - (Ob, Lord; Here* ait will I) M 4 foat ■ • kapUHaal katiD <■ •kwek, tail M, faikerr* aakttl yoaag BhaiyaaiM. "In," retaratd Iki »U geaUaaaa, efcortly. ••Ttwa wby i«a«lof triaMn<yr«M>M a foat T" aotoitel ysaag 8. ■'Beeaaaaw May wMben |»ia IMM 