Original Correspondence Whilst this column is always open for the free discussion of public topics, we do not hold ourselves responsible for any opinion expressed by the writers of the letters. THE ECHUCA HOSPITAL. (To THE EDITOR) Sir,— The Rev. Mr Johnstone, with first rate pulpit-like logic in your issue of to- day, endeavours to prove that because the committee, composed of himself and a few well-known satellites, pretended to have ex amined into my last monthly report at a meeting of the committee. By advertise- ment in your paper I denied any knowledge of such meeting. He endeavours to prove what ? First—That- because I was not there I must have known all about it, and did not intend to be present. He errs in that state- ment equally with the one wherein he says that Dr. Smith would do the hospital for no- thing, as we have Dr. Smith's distinct de- nial by letter that he never intended to do anything of the kind, except conditionally. Now, what are the real facts ? In my report I said the underwardsman was absent for a week, and no report of such absence was made to me ; but, very adroitly, my especial friend, Mr Snell, steps into the breach, and says it was reported to him. I think the subterfuge is easily seen through, more especially when Mr Snell says he did not en- ter it in tho house committee's reports. I leave the public to judge whether myself, (the surgeon) or Mr Snell was the proper head to report to. Another part of my report refers to a divided committee, with one half pulling one way on the matron's side, and peppering into myself with the refined dictum and elegant sort of " soft answer turneth away wrath " sort of speech which the Rev. Mr Johnstone, as chairman, gave utterance to on Friday night, tho rest of the committee fair and above board, en- deavouring to do really what is for the best interests of the hospital. Does this not sup- port that Contention in my report, and plainly shows that a house divided against itself cannot stand, and that it cannot be for the good of the hospital. Now for the ap- propriation of rooms and changcs of apart- ments. The matron admits that she made changes, but says I approved of them. If I had altogether approved I should not have brought it under the notioe of the committee. Mr Veitch says that he cannot substantiate the matron's statement that they gave per- mission to confiscate the " eye ward" and there is no mention by any house, committee that the small female ward was to be appro- priated either ; and no mention by any house committee of this recent innovation either; but then, this was investigated. Generally the place is not managed for the benefit of the institution. I think one in- stance alone will go to prove what I complain of. A child named Barton is sent into the hospital by Dr. Smith, suffering from acute inflammation of the lungs. I saw the patient in the evening, ordered the necessary treat- ment, and told the matron to send word to the boy's father that the child was very bad. To my utter astonishment I find no nurse and no matron, but an amateur in the shape of a male convalescent who looked altar the little chap during the night, and I had to speak reprimandingly for such treatment. Again, when I have ordered medicine for a female patient, she does not get it for three days, and so on. Is this a correct state of things? Do the committee require names and dates and, if so, I shall furnish them. No, the Rev. Johnstone's coterie have fully enquired, etc., etc., and say I should apolo- gise. What rubbish. Now, about the patient Irwin. I never knew he intended making any charges, and certainly, he was not instigated or prompted by me to do so. What he did make in reference to his medi- cine the matron admitted so much, but then said she did not know how much I ordered. Why was it given at all if I did not order it properly ? Was it not very easy to ask? Dr Smith came to her rescue, and says he al- ways puts down the dose ; and accordingly on such interested testimony, I am blamed to save the matron. Is there any honesty in this wholesale acceptance of exparte state- ments, and, throughout, a desire so ap- parent to shield the matron instead of a rigorous inquiry ? Mr fresh-committeeman Scott says the charge was proved about Catholics not receiving fish on Friday's. Well, I never ! This is a clean unbosoming in one act; yet it was not considered inten- tional, and the matron is exonerated. Now, Sir, I have received the following docu- ments from Rev. Johnstone-cum-Snell crowd ; first, an imperative order to dismiss poor Catholic Irwin ; second, a polite invita- tion which had better be read as received :— "Echuca, August 21st, 1893.—Dr. G. R. Eakins.—Dear Sir,—A special meeting will be held on Wednesday next at 4 o'clock p.m. to consider your refusal to discharge patient Irwin in accordance with tho instruc- tions of the committee, when you will be permitted to make an explanation of your action in so doing.--By order of the Presi- dent, David Christie, sec., per E.B." I was in the hospital this morning, when they could have obtained tho necessary in- formation, but was not spoken to, although I was there from 11.15 a.m. to 12.45 p.m. N. B.— E. Berryman asked to be placed on the house committee this month at the last monthly meeting. I wonder why, as it was not his turn. I suppose to assist "fos- sickors" (respectfully) Snell in a friendly way. Great Caesar's ghost! I will be only permitted. Well, the Rev. J. C. John- stone and Co. have my answer now. I refuse first to do an act at once the most unchristianlike, cruel and inhuman that an individual could be guilty of, to turn a poor unfortunate consumptive, still weakly and staggering from the severe hemorrhage he has suffered from, I'll not do your bidding for that best reason that tho patient is not In a fit condition to discharge. Should you wantonly and wickedly pursue your angry desires and thrust him out a charge of man slaughter might be laid against some persons, should anything happen to this poor Catholic who simply made a few complaints. I am strongly of opinion he would have been treated differently if of another and anti- Catholic denomination, and had he made the charges against me. Take my answer now and lot me see if you will dare, in tho face of my explanation, expel the " pauper Irwin" and usurp the functions of the surgeon who alone has power under the rules to discharge a patient. -Your obedient servant. GEO. REGINALD EAKINS, M.D., Hospital Surgeon. Echuca, 21st August, 1893. 