ALL ALONG THE RIVER, 3iY miss m. e. braddon. CHAPTER XI (.ConUiHicrl).--W!ikhb the Cold Sea Haves. Mr. Colfox and 'Allegra met again in the drawiiigroom of the "Angler's Nest at a quarter to 8. He was tho first to arrive, and Isola had not yet appeared. Martin Disney was at his post in front of the library lire- place, library ami clrawingroom making one spacious room, lighted with wax candles Hero and there, and with one large shaded lamp on a table near the piano. Isola had been suffering from headache, and had been late in dressing. Captain Hulbcrt had been in the room nearly 10 minutes before his hostess appeared, looking pale and ill in her black lace dinner gown, and with an anxious ex pression in her eyes. He had been introduced to AUegra, uud was talking to her as if ho had known her for years, when his attention was called ofl' by Isola 's appearance, and his introduction to her. Was this Martin Disney's wife, he thought wonderingiy — such a girlish, fragile crea ture — so unlike the woman ho had pictured to himself. Strange that Lostwithiel should not have told him of her delicate prelbiness, seeing that he was a connoisseur in beauty and hypercritical. " This is just the kind of beauty ho would admire," thought Hulbcrt, "something out of the common — a pale, spirilmil beauty — not dependent upon coloring, or even upon regularity of feature — the kind of thing one calls soul, not having a butter name for it." They went into dinner presently, Captain Hulbcrt and Isola, Air. Colfox and Allegra. The table was a small oval, at which live people made a suug little party. There were featucry white chrysanthemums, re lieved by a cheerful glow of -.olorcd Venetian glass, delieatest pink ami jade green, under the light of a hanging moderator lamp. John Hulbcrt looked round him with a pleased expression, taking in the llowers, the glass, the delicate cream-white china, the lump- light, everything ; and then the two fair young faces, one pale and pensive, tho other aglow wibii the delight of life, eagerly ex pectant of new ideas. "They talked of the Vendetta and the places at which she had touched lately. Captain Hulbcrt had spent his summer on tho Eastern Liguria, between Lerici and Ci- vita Vecchia. " Wasn't it the wrong time of year for Italy V" asked Mr. Colfox. "No, it is the season of seasons in the land of the sun. If you want to enjoy a southern country, go there in the summer. The south is made for summer, her houses arc built for hot weather, her streets are planned for shade in midsummer; her \vin« i, her food, her manners and customs have all been made for summer time — not for winter. If you want tu know Italy at her worst, go there in cold weather." Where did you leave Lord Lostwithiel?" Disney asked presently. "I left him nowhere. He left mo to rove about Southern Europe — left mcon his way to Carinthia. He is like the Wander ing Jew. He used to be mad about yachting, but lie got sick of the Vendetta all of a sudden, and handed her over to me. Very generous 011 hist part, but tho boat is something of a white elephant for a man of my small' means. I wanted him to sell her. Wouldn't hear of it.- To lot her. Nob to be thought 01. 'I'll lend her to you,' he said, 'and you shall keep her as long as you like— sink her, if you like- so long us you don't go down in her. She is not a lucky boat.'" " Havo you sailed her long ?" " Nearly a year, and I love her as if she wcro bono of my bone, and llesh of my flesh. Let us all go for a sail to-morrow, Mrs. Disney — to Mavagisscy or thereabouts. We could do a little fishing. It will be capital fun. What do you say, Miss Le- laud ?" " I should adore it," said Allegra, beam ing at him. " Tho sea is iny passion — audi think it is Mrs. Disney's passion too. We are a kind of amphibious creatures, living moro on water than on land. We venture as far as we daro in a row boat— but oh, that is such a little way." " I'm afraid sometimes you will venture so far that you won't bo able to get back again, and will find yourselves drifting away to America," said her brother. Isola answered never a word, until Captain Hulbcrt addressed her pointedly for the second time. 44 Will you go, Mrs. Disney — may we make up the party?" "I would rather nob," sho answered, without looking at him. " But why not ? Are you such a bad sailor— in spite of all Miss Leland says of you ?" " I am a pretty good sailor in a row-boat — bub not in a yacht. And I hate fishing — such a slow weary business. I would rather nob go." "I am so sorry; but you must not be worried about it," said Hulbcrt, kindly, see ing the growing distress in her countenance. " We will not go in for fishing— or excursions — but you and Miss Leland will at least coine to afternoon tea on tho Vendetta — to after noon tea in tiie harbor. There used to be a comic song when I was a boy — 'Come and drink tea 111 the arbor.' Yon must come to the arbor with an aspirate. It is not so rustic or sentimental — but there will be no earwigs or creeping tilings to drop into your tea cup. Air. Colfox, you will come, won't you ? " "I shall bo delighted," answered the curate. "I have a sneaking kindness for all yachts." Tho conversation drifted back to Lost withiel, and his works and ways, presently. " When ho went homo three years ago lie gave mo to understand he was going to settle down at the Mount, and load a quiet life for the rest of his days," said Captain Iiulbert. "Yet, three months afterwards, he and Ins yacht were oil again, like the Flying Dutch man, and the next I heard of him was at Leghorn, and six months later he was coast ing oil Algiers and Tangier ; and the follow ing snring he was in »Soiith America, and the Vendetta was laid up at Marseilles, where he begged me to go and look after her, and take her to myself until such time as he should want her again. I was with him for a few days at Leghorn, where he seemed ill and out of spirits. 1 don't think you can have used him over well in this part of the world, Mrs. Disnoy," lie added, half in jest. "I fancy some of you must nave snubbed him severely, or his tenants must have worried him by their complaints and exac tions. I could not get him to talk about his life at the -Mount, lie seemed to have taken a disgust for tho old home." "You must put that down to his roving temper," said Disney, "for, although I was away at the time, I can answer for it there was no such thing as snubbing in the case. Your brother is the only peer in these parts, and from the way the people talk about him he might be tho only peer in Great Britain — the Alpha and Omega of Debrott. Our par venu neighbor, Mr. CYowthcr, talked of him one night with a slavish rapture which nnula me sick. I am a Tory by association and instinct, but 1 can't stand the vulgarian's worship of a lord." Isola looked at lior sister- in-law, and they both rose at this i»omc»t the Church almost tumbling over the Navy m eagerness to open tho door, Navy winning by a neck. They were not long alone in tho drawing- room, not moro than tho spaco of a singlo cigarette, before the men followed. Then catno music, and a good deal of talk, in the long, low, spacious room, which looked so bright and homely by candlelight, with all its tokens of domestic and intellectual life. " What a capital quarter deck this is," cried John Hulbcrt, after pacing up and down while lie listened, and talked, and laughed at AUegru's little jokes about tho narrowness of village life. "It is delightful to stretch one's legs in such a room as this after six months upon an eighty-ton yacht." "Yon will have room enough to stretch your legs at the Mount," said Disney. Captaiu Hulbcrt had announced bin in tea I tion of spending a week or two under Hie family roof-tree while the Vendetta itndef- wont some slight repairs and renovations. " Room enough and to spare," he said. "I shan't feel half so jovial walking up and down those grim old rooms as I feel hero., I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind mc,: clump, . clump, clump — a slow, solemn foots tep-ronjy the echo of my ovqi .tread", perhaps ; yjj.ilt I shall never kuow, for I shall be afraid to lo'olv round." " You ought not to make sport of weak people's fancies, for I urn sure you don't be lieve in ghosts," said Allegra, leaning with one elbow on the piano, turning over pieces of music absently, a gracious figure in a sage green velvet gown, cut just low enough to show the line curves of a full, round throat, while and smooth as ivory. "Not believe in ghosts? Did you ever know a sailor who wasn't superstitious? We are too often alone with the sea and the stars . to be unite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland. I can see in your eyes as you.Iook at me this moment that you believe in ghosts — believe and tremble. Tell me now, candidly — When do you most fear them'; at what hour of tho day or night does the uu-, real seem nearest to you ?" " I don't know," sho faltered, turning over the loose music with a faintly tremulous gesture, while Isola sat by the piano, touch-- ing the notes dumbly now and then. ' "Is it at midnight — in the gloaming— in, the chill, mysterious dawu? You won't answer ! Shall I guess ! If you are like 1110 ' it is in broad daylight — between 2 and 3 in the afternoon — when' tho servants arc all idling after their dinner, and the house' is : iiant. You are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps with another room opening out of it, and a door r, long "way oil. You sit writing at your table, and you .feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or someone stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. .- You go to the window and look out into garden or street— for a town house may bq just as ghastly as a country one — and then with a great effort you turn slowly round and face your terror in the broad, garish sunlight, in the business hours of the day. There is nothing there, of course, but the feeling has been not tho less vivid. I know I shall be spectre-haunted at the Mount. You must all come and scare a\vay the shadows. Air. Colfox, are you fond of billiards?" " I own to a liking for tho game. I play' with Mr. Crbwthcr and his youngor daughter whenever I dino at Glcnaveril. Alicia is a very fine player, for a girl, and her father plays a good game." "Then you will come up to the Mount two or three times a week and play with me, I hope. Tin. re's a fine Thurston tabic in the hall. It may be a little out of order, but wo must make the best of it — and there's plenty of sound claret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of .Schiedam that I sent homo from the Hague." "Air. Colfox will not make much impres sion either on your claret or your schnapps," said Disney laughing. "ITe is almost as temperate as one of those terrible anchorites, in the novel we were reading the other day — 4 Homo Sum.'" : ' . "1 am glad you put in a qualifying almost/ " said the curate, 44 for Thope to tasto Captain Hulbert's Schiedam." The Captain expatiated upon what his threo new friends— and his one old friend, Martin Disney — were to do to cheer him in his solitude at the Mount. "There is nothing of the ancliorito about me," he said. "1 love society, I love life unci' movement-, 1 love bright faces," Ho would not leave until they had all pro mised to take tea on board the yacht 011 tho following afternoon, an engagement which was kept by Allegra and tho Colonel; but not by Isola, whose headache was worse after tho little dinner party; nor by tho curate, who had parish business to detain him 011 shore. (To be continued.) 