'SATURDAY, APRIL ISr, 1893. T[M[EoPYMENT: SYSTEM. Tus day has arrived when legislation is required to cope with the practice now iso.nuniversal, and known. too well by tlie name - of the Time-Payment System. At present it is the simplest matter'for sa person wilh, say, £50, and ofttimes.the tenth of this sum, to pur chase goods to the value of nearly five times the amount of so-called capital in hand. By diplomacy and a good deal of show on the part of the purchaser, several tradesmen are visited, and by clever manipulation and palaver a van load of goods, in almost each instance, is forwarded in exchange for which a few pounds are paid down, and docu ments, all in favour of the seller, and bearing a ruinous rate of interest, are signed for the balance in "easy" pay Iments. The principle, bad as it is in every sense, if it ended here would in its ill effects be minimized, but the first stop is the precursor of ruin to many other honest tradespeople who, gulled by the showy furniture or substantial machinery, as the case may be, take for granted'that these individuals are in a fairly:good position, and are prepared to deal with them on ordinary business lines :accordingly. These tradespeople know nothing of the time-payment ghost that lives in their new customer's cup board, and which at any moment may, for the slightest non-fulfilment of the conditions, carry off the substance in its shadowy toils. The consequences are apparent. The.. .tine-paymant. trader walks in anl clears away his goods on which the deposit and many payments have been iedeived an'd these sumis, with the goods, are confiscated, the latter to be sold at another profit with probable seizure. In due.course. the legitimate tradesman calls for payment, and Sids to his amazement that the goods or machines have been cleared, and there is not sixpennyworth of value left to satisfy his 'laim. The only cure for this pernicious system of conducting business on paper is for the present Government to draft a short bill cotm pelling all purchasers over the amount of £25 to register their dealings in precisely the same manner as is required n the public registration of an ordinary bill - of. sale. The mannor: in which business is built up one day on the time payment octopus, and "sucked in" the next, is not only demoralising in all its bearings, but disastrous and inimical to the best and lasting interests' of the community. It is to be hoped that the present Governinent will move in this matter, and at once place the present business gambling. on a fair and legiti mate basis. Thatri old establishded educational' es tablishment (35 years), so ably conducted b~ the Misses Haynosand Larkins, known as the North Melbourne Ladies College, passed 'under different management at Xmas; the Rev. lHeber T. and Mre. Tranmar being the new principals. Both Mr. and HMr. Tranmar hold high creden tials as teachers of youth, and have both English and Colonial experience. ' Mr Pranmar has been very successful with delicate and backward boys, all of whose parents are on' his list of referees. The principals are assisted ' by a' tholoughly efficient staff, and are able to devote con siderably more attention to the pupils than is possible under the public school system. Neehlesn to say that in a school with an Anglican clergyman at'its head, the study of the holy Scriptures is a daily thing, and the day's duties are commenced by prayer. The school curriculum includes the Greek, Latin,'French, and German langnuaes, English in all its branches, Mathematics and Natural Science. Music, Singing, Drawing, Painting, and Dancing, while there are classes for Shorthand and Typewriting..: Under the now regime the establishment is known as the North M1el boorne"High Sahool; for Mr. Tranmar is taking a limited number of boys. Under. the present ableand vigorous management, the school should achieve every success. Duties will be resiiumed on April 10th, in S. Mary's School, Howard and Chetwynd Streets. An interestiog article from the pen of Mr. C. McMaster.will appear in our columns next week, entitled "A Trip to Now Zealand." As our young townstman is 'of the observant class, his contribution will be read with interest. Mr. Ilse Nicholson also generously consents to send in a-vivid 'description of' the trip to Poitartington to day-Good Friday. One of the features that struck Pro fessor Rentoul, during his recent trip through the States, was the great loyalty of the American people for the Sttra and stripes. At the Columbus celebration each procession- had no other "booting," and the entlhsiasm with which it was dis played testified to the unification of the national spirit. It will be interesting to ratepayers in the Town' of North Melbourne to know that the expenditure for current year will be £1680 8s. less than formerly on the three following items:--Salaries, &210 8,.; Contract for nioht works, £1050; Con tractforacavenging, £420 ; total, £11i80 8'., so that the amount will more than civer the deficiency in connection with receipts from rates, &c.; On Monday last a good audience as sembled at the North Melbourne Town Hall to witness the production, by: the Belmont Dramatic Company, of Dion Boucicault's drama, "Arrah nsaPogue." The performance -was a .very. creditable one; the leading parts were well sustained and the staging good. • r:; To those in need of a plentiful supply of the best burning wood for thei poinpg" winter season, the new advertisemenit in our columns, from the well-knowun wood king of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Stuckey, mist commend itself, Io a very few'lines' he concentrates exactly what lie can do; and his scale by weight and measure meit must commend itself to all who desire to be careful and thrifty during the eporoaching winter. Lost Wednesday night an elderly tman named Joseph Lyons, 60 years of are, and whowas at one time a tailor residing at 205 Qoeenaberry Street, North Melbourne, d-ed suddenly. It appears he retired about 10 o'clock, but complained about an hour afterwards of pains in the elhet. Ilis wife rose and went out to bring in a iloctor. but on her return found her huo. band dead. Constable Loorham, who had the case in hand, has informed ue.that io inquest will be held. Cr. Barwise drew attention to the dlir. graceful state of Flemington hoad, at the Council meeting last Mooday evening, and had the satisfaction of hearing a ntotidn passed authorising the Surveyor to see to its being repaired, the sum of £10 being passed as a preliminary.' It is certaiil!y to be regretted that a iaiin road suclh as thire one mentioned should have over been allowed to got into an It a condition, and where at one time a very few pounds would have made a material difference' a good round sum will now be required before it can hold its own with even a bad bush track away in the interior of the worst Gippsland country. Cr. Cowan intends to submit n scheme for retrenchment to the Esseondon Council at its next meeting. This, it is under stood, will include an all-round reduction in the officers' salaries without any of them, if possible, being discharged. Some councillors, however, consider that the work could be just as well carried on willt a smaller staff. In all probability the scheme proposed by Cr. Cowoan will be adopted. The orders issued from headquarters for the Easter hlolidays for the First Regi4tent Militia is as follows: On Friday, muster at Spencer'Street Rail. way Station at 11.45 a.m., for 12 o'clock train to Williamstown, for [battleo tiring; Saturday, muster at 10a.m., at the BHay market, to march out to Broadmeadowe, for outpost doty; Sunday iorping, chvrch parade gt the lndepenujept'Churob, Collins Street; Sunday afternoon, ma:ch butwith the second regiment; and Monday, general review at Albert Park. Attontion is drawn in our advertising columns from lr. C. Peters, district president of the various Druid lodges in the No. 15 district, requesting them to assemble at the Court House Hotel, in order to take part in the procession on Easter Monday morning, The lodges in clode: Mfono, Carodoc, Crescent,Concordia, Australia Felix, and Elliott, The Essendon Council, as a step towards retrenchmeat, have abolished the system of cleaneing the streets by day labour, and in future the work will be done by con tract. Some councillors considered it very hard on the day labourers, many of whom had been in the service of the Council for years, but the majority agreed that the step was inevitable in the interests of the town, and consequently it was adepted.t The Rle. Professor A. G-oman gave a lecture entitled "The BritsGh Empire," in the New IHall, Newmarket, on the 23rd imst., on behalf of the Imperial Federation League There was a good attendance, and the lecture, which was well delivered, and most interesting and instructive through out, was most attentively listened to by the audience, who, at its conclusion, ten dered the lecturer a hearty and unanimoous vote of thanks. The lecture was under the atspices of the Flemington and Ken sington branch of the Australian Natives' Associatioc. It is to be hoped that definite steps will at once be taken by the Flemington Bow ling Club to engage a curator for the reecrve.'Tlhe committee is apparently "boss of tile sho," and now that the Council has decided not to move in the matter, the club, for the sake of its re putation, is bound to take at any rate rea sonable care of the ground. To see the grass overgrown with weeds is certainly not at all creditable either to the Council or Bowling Club, and as they are at loggerheads, perhaps the best thing the ratepayers could do would be to'step in and re-take possession of the whole concern. What the residents, who so generously subscribed some £70 towards improving the green, think of the matter it is easy to imagine; indeed we know many who are thoroughly disgusted. The great mistake was in getting rid of a good curator who knew his business and made the ground a credit to the district, through the sake of saving a few shillings to lose more pounds. A sad and fatal accident happened to a boy, aged 'seven years, named Thomae IIanrahan, living with his parents at No. 3 Little HIoward Street, North Melbourne, last Wednesday evening. It was ascer tained tiat the lad was clinging behind a lorry, which'aas followed by a milk cart, and in jumping oit the former when told to by the driver, ran right under the legs of the horse in the cart which was driven by a young man named Patrick Markey, employed by Mr. J. Kerr, of Purcell Street. Immediately after the accident occurred, tlwkoy alighted and lifting the apparently lifeless form into the cart, hurried off to the hospital, but the little sufferer died. two minutes after being admitted. Mr. W. T.. Simpson, of Victoria Street, who has been Grand Treasurer of the DIruid Order for the past 20 years, reminds us that lhe.hase for sale tickets for the Druids' Gala, to li held in the 'l]riendly Sociolies' Gardens on Easter Monday, April 3rd, and he desires us to intimate that this yosr the whole of the net proceeds will be given to the Melbourne Hospital, Alfred Hospital, Ilomacopathic Hospital,Womec's IIospital, Eye and Ear Hospital, Deaf and Dumb Institute, Blind Asylum, two orphanages, Little Sisters of the Poor, Ladies' llenaevolent Society, Jewish Philan thropic Society, and Try Excelsior Society, and in order that every possible penny will reoch theseo inslitutions the committee numbering some 90 members appointed by the various lodges are giving their services gratuitously. In addition to the charities named the committee have de cided that the hospitals in the country and intercolonial towns will participate in the profits in proportion to the number of tickets sold by them, the Melbourne charaties named taking their proportion ate slhare of tickets sold in Melbourne and suburbs. Under the circumstances we should feel justified in predicting the Druids' Gala, at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, on Easter Monday next, as the most brilliant and succoesful affair of the kind yet witnessed in Victoria. The unforluDnto death of Constable Slattery was referred to at the Flem ington Court on Tuesday, by the chairman, who handed a letter of condolence from the Police Department to Sergeant O',Meara for presentation to the widow of the deceased. The Bench expressed profound reglet at the untimely and lamentable end. of so promising a young constable,-and re quested the Sergeant to convey their sympathy to Mirs, Slattery. Our Alfred has now been immortalised. The North-Eastern portion of the Echucs Shire has at the urgent request of the rate payers, been formed into a separate muni cipality, and henceforth will be known as Deakin Shire, out of compliment to Mr. Deakin. His constituents at Essendon and Fiomingt-n will surely become jealous. A dastardly act was perpetrated late last Sunday evening or early on Monday morning, when two plate glass windows, the property of Mr. G. Heyward, chemist Victoria Street, were deliberately broken with what is supposed to be a bullet from a pea-rile. The proprietor was absent at the time the damage was committed, so thata the deliqilluent escaped. The estli mated damage is £25, which is covered by insurance in the Plate Glass Insurance Company, Collins Street. The police are endeavouring to discover the guilty person or persons, and richly will punishment be deserved for such a wanton deed. We have received from the local regis trar, Mr. II. J.. Randall, copies of the electoral rolls for the Legislative Assembly, including Flemington Road and Royal Park Divisions. The numbers are as follow--Ratepaying electors, 1,16l2 in the former, an:l 404 in the latter ; general roll contains: in the Flemington Road Division 655, and in the Royal Park 157. 