Outr Helbourne Letter. " But in the town of Melbourne Was tumult and affright ; From all their homes and houses To the banks men took their flight. For yards around these offices The throng stopped up the ways; A wondrous sight it was to see Through those few fearful days." To a disinterested onlooker the sight at t the Uniln B3ank of Australasia wias at wonderful study. Behind the counters t the receiving and paying tellers were at the slame game, paying money to all en titled to it. With the assurance of a fine reserve fund, they asked in the tones of " Comse one, come all, this rock shall fly from its firm base as soon as 1"--" How will you take it ? Gold or notes ?" And the beforetinie trenlbliing holder of'l cur r rent account clutched his ehag of sovereigns and felt his account was still current, and ran off with it. Old men antd old womeln, t women with friends to tell them what to do, swelled the crowd inside and outside the banks, and one wondered that more robberies did not take place, for inl such a i crowd identification would be diflicult. t With the bank suspensions, and en forced bank holidays, the Women's Hos pital is claiming a large share of public c attention. At the Princess, Lauri and t Glaupner's topical verse draws showers iof coin from all parts of the house, and the b contributions by the end of the week will l amount to a goodly sumn. This deserving charity has every chance of being well supported, as its influential committee havIe adopted mleans to reach all contri butors. The lovers of dancing can join the assemblies during the winter, and benefit the cause while enjoying them selves ; those who like good tableaux atnd music will find themselves well cateredl for at the enitertainment now being organ ised, while those who prefer to stay at home can give to the collection shortly to be made from lhouse to house. The means of raising money has been well tlhought out, and no one is too young or too old to contribute, and no suen too small or too large to be received. "Who gives, and hides the giving hands., 'Nor counts on favor, flmie, or praise, b Shall find his smallest gift outweighs The burden of the sea and land. Who gives to whom lath nought been giveun, His gift in need, though small indeed, As is the grass-blade's wind- blown seed, g Is large as earth and rich as heaven." The organ recitals at the Cathedral on k Wednesdays after even-song are a boon c in these days of haste and worry. The 1 instrument is perfect alnd is in good haun's. Listening, one could forget that such a thing as suspense or mental anxiety ex isted. The strongest feeling is " It is good for us to be here," and we realise b Lewis Molrris's meaning when he speaks of music as "f faint echoes of the voice Divinle that bring God nearer to a faithlesso a world." If we tried for ever so long wu could find no more beautiful way of ex pressing the perfect feeling of exquisite 1' peace and quietness engendered by these i musical services, for to such they really a allloult. a Harper's Magazine for March in no ft way falls short if its interesting predeuces sors. The opening article, entitled " Our own Riviera," gives a charming account of k the state so intitied, and .e feel incelined o to trill it to Florida at once. Margaret t Deland, whom you will remember as the I writer of " John Ward, Preacher," con- h tributes a story which is very sad, but 9 keeps the reader's attention by its close t observation of human nature. It tells of " a wntolan, who married at the ege of twenty-nine a mati who had talent-?nay genius, but whose besetting sin prevents hin? from turnint lis talent to any nc count. The sisters of the wife. left be hind in their quiet hltto in a country town, can never understand what attrac tron the mean possessed, and eventually one goes up to the city to visitthe married t couple, to fintd that by degrees each little article of comfort has been parted with, I and the maul has comle down to painting t signs instead of pictures The subter fuges to which the wife is forced to hide the delinquencies of her lhusbalnd strike the reader as being so true, and the e tragic ctding of the story brings with it the e feelibng it was the only thing that could happen. The illustrations are beautiful. t Aln arti=le on "The :scurial" by Thenlore d Child tells ,,f that wonderful peace offering e of Philip the Second, wholl being forced t to destroy a molia-stery of St. Lawrence, t] vowed to that saint that if forgiveness were extended to him in the shape of succesa,lhe would "erect such a tlonuntentt that the world had not the like." Those who have seen it will acknowledge that he kept his word. Some sonnets by Howells are rather incomprehensible. Conan Doyle continues the tale "The Refugees," h showing us that tile historical novel did not die with Walter Scott. The first of at series of articles on WVashington society, i, bring us into ofticial circles, the interest J of the letter-press is added to by the h clharmning illustrations which accompany n it. Stanley gives an account of Slavery e and Slave-trade in Africa, and writes "as one having authority," and this is followed t by a short sketch of a young nman who went to Africa "just for full" about flee years ago, and who has now set out on an earnest exploring expedition, adding one more to the list of those over whom the z dark continent has exercised such a fasci nation. Eacli article in thIe present number of Harier is good, and the sketch of Dumaurier's at the end of the, magazine is very amusing. It depicts a very, very ugly man inviting a little girl to give him a kiss. She, lwho has evidently been frightened by .tales of tile "Bogie Man," flies to hier mother with the cry that sleo will be good. Scribnor, for tihe santme ionth, does not interest us so nmuch. The account of Andubos's youth shows us what that remarkable wnan went through before attaining the great eminence as naturalist which has been accorded to hinm. How tie railway was made between Jaffs and Jerusalem is told by some one wvho has travelled on it, and who describes that beautiful country around both cities with loving care. Mrs Burnett describes -'The one I knew beat of all," as she was in thle days of hier schlool-parties and other attendant gaieties; but we iare Goth enough niot to feel very interested in this "small person" of whom she writes. "The man in red" is a weird little ghost story in connection with Marie Antoinette a short time beforeher execution. Anolther short story, an account of the philanthrophlic work done in ]Boaton at the Andover House, and an article on a Saharan cira van completes this volume 'of: Scribner, ws]hich we h]lare not enjoyed as nmuch as usual. Are you reading Crawford's lewi novel, "Laura Arden," in the Australa soian It is comning out ill one of the English journals,under the title of "Pietro Ghisleri," and promises to be interesting, being nmore possible than manr.y of Craw ford's others - more modern. "Lady Verner's flilght" atid "Alston Crecis" a·re Worth pulting on your list of light novels next time you send your box to Mullen's. 