THE CARDSHARPERS'l DAUGHTER. j 4YF love at first sight be possible, I J certainly was in love with her. It was in my young days, when I was visiting Paris for my amusement. I had been strolling about the city all the morning, and towards noon I found myself in the neighbourhood of the Faubourg St. Germain, when I caught sight of the beautiful unknown. I stood still as she passed me, and our eyes met. Her look was cold and haughty then, and I turned away, feeling rather abashed, and not daring to follow her. For days and days I lingered about in the hope of meeting her again, but without success and at last I made up my mind that I would try to forget that I had ever seen her, At about that time I made the acquaintance of M. Auguste Verrier. He was a person of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchal beard. His appearance did not betoken wealth, but his generally cultivated bearing suggested that he had seen better days. We first met in a case to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation. that he was a man of considerable education. After we had met some half-a-dozen times, ( happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art. He then informed me that he was a painter by profession, and modestly invited me to accompany him to his studio and inspect some of his works. I assented, and he conducted me to a crazy old, half timbered house, long since pulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain. ? Here, having ascended to the topmost story, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. . -*-. - There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked against the walls and rows of dusky shelves, with books, costs, and human bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere, and in the corner, diagon- ally facing it a complete skeleton hung suspended from hooks in the wall. This being on the same side as the window, was barely distinguishable in the deep shadow, and presented a strange, spectre-like appearance. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a complete suit of armour, and grasp- ing in its extended fist a truncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the. remaining corner stood another figure, " which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to protect it from the dust. At about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halber's, and other weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paintings, which were not indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier asked me if I would take a cup of coffee. I assented, and he rang a small handbell In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black ones and cigarettes upon a small tray. A thrill of delighted surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed me on that memor- able morning. " Permit " me," said he-" Monsieur Clayton, ' my daughter Mademoiselle Annette Verrier." ', I bowed, and the young lady returned my obeisance with consummate grace, blushing slightly as she did so.- Then she' withdrew, after handing us our coffee and cigarettes. I prolonged my stay rather inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would reappear but she did not, and I took my leave at length, resolved to use every means for becoming better acquainted with her. One day I met M. Verrier in the case as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of cards, and asked him if he ever played. Alas! not now, monsieur," replied he. " For you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight and my physician does not permit that I go out in the evening, on account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game. " "But surely, monsieur," said I, your friends might play with me in your own rooms?" to "I have no friends," said he who care to spend their time in amusing an old man Ah, no ! most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter ; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter. I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would be only too happy to play with him. " Well then, monsieur," said he, "sir you are so good as to say so, if you will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand with you." I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased. " " Shall we say nine o'clock then," said he. " And if you will do me the honour to sup with me-" I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette-should converse with her, and should be able to strengthen the favourable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, mutter- ing in a half audible tone as he did so : I must remember to get some cards, for I have not a pack so long since I have played !" " Pray do not trouble yourself, monsieur," I exclaimed, for as it happens, I have two new packs at my hotel:" He thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of the café; a fat, jovial fellow; who had been removing some glasses near us during our conversation, turned to me with a smile " Monsieur must be rich, he remarked, '. to play with M. Verrier." "Indeed?" " Ay. For it is his humour to play high. Also it is his humour to win." What did I care for that 1 Even if I lost a few hours,, the interview with Annette would more than repay the sacrifice. I resolved to humour M. Verrier for one evening at least. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small, and barely furnished room, where a table was laid for two. Our supper was very simple it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She was paler than usual, and the absence of colour in her cheek. rather served to heighten the indescribable air of noblesse that pervaded all her movements. I now had to submit to a disappointment for which I had been wholly unprepared. Holding out her hand to me, she wished me Benson. She was going to retire for the rest of the evening. "' ' ' i It might have been partly owing to the wine, but I felt unusually bold and as I took the lily hand in my own I pressed it to my lips. ".??'' "So kind of you," she murmured, softly. " She is an angel !" I said to myself, " an angel of gentleness and filial affection. She has no thought-no care for herself ; she only studies her father's happiness." She turned to go, and-I hardly knew how I nerved myself to say it-I wondered at my own temerity afterwards : , " You are quitting my sight, madame's scale," I exclaimed, in impassioned tones, " but your image will remain enshrined in my heartfelt ever." An interval of silence then ensued. My companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annette. I now told myself that I loveS her-yes, this feeling must be love for it was found on esteem. "Come, then, monsieur, said M. Verrliej at length ; shall we play?" I assented, and he led the way to the studio.. Everything there was precisely as I had seen it on the previous occasion. M. Verrier motioned me to a chair, where I seated myself facing the vessel, which was covered, with a large white wrapper. Behind it loomed the mysterious figure in armour, while the Apollo was on my right and the skeleton on my Mt. M. Verrier now removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of his daughter Annette. As I gazed at the portrait, a few inco- herent expressions of admiration broke from me. M. Verrier smiled, and drawing up a small table towards me, placed wine and glasses upon it, and took his seat facing me. The game commenced ; we played high, and T seemed to lose about three hundred francs in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, partly from a desire to indulge my opponent in his humour, but chiefly because my thoughts were running upon Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her portrait upon the easel. \- M. Verrier gathered up my stake with the cool indifference of the veteran gamester "It is better to play thus than in corn-, party, where they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play, is it not, monsieur ?" said he. I expressed concurrence ; but there was something in his tone that I did not like. 16 seemed to convey a covert sneer at my want of skill, and I determined to play my very best. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier for the first time challenged me to bet I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if he had known every card in my hands a species of knowledge that is of transcendent value at heart. I began to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought with me,, and it was therefore impossible that the blacks could have been marked in any way What was the secret of M. Perrier's success? I resolved to watch him, and, if possible find out. _. My hand consisted of the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. In taking a p these cards I had' scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet I could see, in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for- getting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Annette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread 'fanwise, rapidly disappearing under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner behind me. I had seen the faces of the cards. They were the queen, eight and seven of clubs,' and the knave and nine of diamonds. I roughly tore; off the drapery, and disclosed to view-not a lay figure, but the majestic form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, holding in her hand the cards with which he had been telegraphing.-Abridged from TheHá'porth.^ A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. , To love is one of the natural propensities of the human race, and it may be truly said that affection exists, in greater or lesser, degrees, in many of the domestic animals'. 'I offer this sentence as a short introduction to what is to follow. I have always found it' very convenient to start out with sentence or two before following it up with others. An article which does not do this does not'" possess much inherent literary merit. , As my opening sentence impliedly admits . a disposition to hate is contrary to all natural law, but have never been able to ascertain what tribunal has cognisance of such con- variety or what penalty is affixed when a verdict of guilty has been brought in. I have; never hated any one, and I have - made it, a point to lavish my affections on certain persons, specified below, who I know are in need of my love, because they are not be loved by the cold world generally. The person who: comes in for the largest > share of my pure affection is the man who - writes his name so that I can't read it. My love for this man is unbounded, and SO are the endearing epithets I bestow upon him. Sometimes his written name resembles an unfinished plan of a trestle-work bridge, and sometimes it looks like the path of a forest fire. If we judge this man by his. chirography, he is an enigma, and-we gave I him up. The next person I ardently love without his being aware of it is the individual who asks me if I have read this book or that book, or some other book, and when I tell him I have not,, evinces surprise, and regards me as an inferior being. He is a lovable man to me. Then comes the landlady, who, because I twice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it, and afterwards passes it to me frequently, keeps it on the table meal after meal, and informs her friends and relations that I am fond of it. well-meaning lady, she shall never know how I love her! The next in order are the persons of limited intelligence who argue the great ' questions of the day, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presence. One. asserts that the application of electricity to machinery in the place of steam will throw, the miners out of employment, and the other declares that it will take just as much coal to make the electricity. And so they argue I wish they would stop long enough for me to tell them how I love them. And the rest of my love belongs to the college girls who invite me out to spend the evening, and then indulge; in mysterious conversations respecting a chum or acquaintance positively unknown to me; They are - good at entertaining-themselves. HE HAD COLD FEET. A BOARDING-HousE on Cottage Grove avenue was the theatre of a very unpleasant incident a few evenings ago. One of the boarders a young man of about twenty-seven is a confirmed hypo- honoring: Among his multitudinous ills he is a martyr at least so he says-to cold feet at bed time. A certain. Dr. Hall told him that people so affected should, before going to bed, bend over and smartly slap the calves for about five minutes. in This struck the young man to be about as sensible a piece of advice as he had ever heard. So he put it to the test on Saturday, night. He bent over and pounded away at himself, and all the time made a noise with his mouth like the hiss of escaping steam. This noise attracted the attention of one of the boarders, and he told the landlady' that there must be a fire in that room, because he could hear it size, and could hear a snapping and a popping going on up there. The land- lady didn't pause to argue. She caught up a pail and plunged for the place at once. The boarder followed with a gigantic broom. They precipitated' themselves into the room together. ...-. :';'v ?' Theadvent was so sudden that the boarder, who was Warming himself, had no chance to dodge, and there was too much momentum on the landlady and the other boarder to permit them to recover themselves in time. 'So there was a collision. The landlady saw it coming, and instinctively held the pass in front of her. But the disciple of Hall didn't see it. as his back was to the door and his head nearly to the floor, and before he could look upon' hearing The door fly open, the visitors were upon him, and the contents of the pail ever him, and the three, with the pail and clothes brush, came down together. How the land- lady extricated herself and, got out of the room as quickly as she did Mill always remain a mystery to the two men who stood there and glared at each other for some fifteen minutes. 