THE REV. WILLIAM MOORE. The Rev. William Moore, the veteran Fijian Missionary, and beloved minister of our Church, who has so recently gone from us to be with Christ, which for him, is far better, was born at Parramatta, New South Wales, on the 24th March, 1821. His earlier years were spent in his native town, in Sydney, and in Richmond. While yet young, the Holy Spirit strove with him, and by the restraining grace of God he was preserved from indulgence in the sins and vices which were then prevalent. Under the ministry of the now venerable Rev. Samuel Wilkinson, he was brought to a knowledge of salvation through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. And in his early manhood he united himself to the Wesleyan Methodist Church. Soon after- wards he began to preach the Gospel in the old Windsor Circuit, and in its many preaching places, as his journals of fifty years ago record, he did the work of an evangelist, with varying successes and dis- couragements, but with untiring zeal and energy. In 1847 he responded to the call of the Holy Ghost and the Church, by offering himself for Foreign Missionary work in the Islands of Fiji. His offer was transmitted to England for the approval of the Home authorities. Meanwhile there arose an urgent need for the ministrations of our Church in the District of Moreton Bay, and the Rev. W. B. Boyce, the General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Missions, sent him to Brisbane to supply that need. He sailed thither with his wife, a daughter of the late Mr. John Ducker, of Richmond, on the 12th of October, 1847. His first services were of a discouraging character, but by hard work, much prayer; and the Divine blessing, he achieved success alike in the spiritual and material working of the Church. He endured privation and opposition as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. His public ministry and his pastoral visits were highly appreciated, he was instrumental in the conver- sion of sinners, and his memory is cherished with affection even to this day. If not the first duly appointed minister to the Colony of Queensland, he was the first accredited representative of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, and laid its foundations in that extensive Colony. On the 12th December, 1849, he and Mrs. Moore sailed from Brisbane for Sydney, en route for Fiji, and he landed at Viwa on the 23rd January, 1850, where they were warmly welcomed by the Rev. James and Mrs. Calvert, and as it was the day ap- pointed for the Annual Missionary Meet- ing, he obtained an introduction to the people, and saw proofs of the influence and power of Christianity among them, which deeply impressed him as a new missionary. Fiji was then dark, vile, idolatrous and cannibal. The work of the missionary in those days of foul abomina- tions and terrible savagery, demanded devo- tion and courage of the heroic order, and in these noble qualities he was not found wanting. Of his life and work in Fiji, his comrades on the field can best speak. The venerable John Watsford thus writes:-— "He was a grand, earnest, judicious, suc- cessful missionary. I knew him before he went to Fiji, and he was then a most earnest worker for the Lord Jesus Christ. He was greatly beloved by all his brother missionaries, and by all the Native con- verts, many of whom will welcome him to the skies." The Rev. Jesse Carey, who went to Fiji in 1859, writes :— "His name was very precious to every Fijian heart, and highly esteemed by men who were not Christians. He was a model missionary, and had a remarkable acquaintance with the language, and spoke it with the greatest ease. He preached Christ in Fiji's darkest and most savage days, until multitudes of the perishing were rescued. The power that he exerted was the power of Love— the Love of God — and he was one of the most successful ministers of his time of the gospel of eternal salvation to the heathen." The Rev. Joseph White, who went to Fiji in 1861, writes: — "He was acknowledged by all, I believe, who were competent to judge, as a perfect master in the Fijian language, and was in the fore- rank as a preacher in the native tongue. He and his noble wife, in the earlier part of their mission life, passed through trials of the most revolting character, but they were borne with silent Christian fortitude and noble heroism. In his death Fiji has lost one of its noblest missionaries." The Rev. Lorimer Fison, M.A., who began his mission work in Fiji in 1863, writes :— "William Moore was a missionary hero, and that none the less because he never claimed to be one, or because nobody sounded the trumpet of his fame. Over and over again in the old days of the Fiji Mission he looked death in the face ; but of these narrow escapes one heard more from the natives than from him. He had a heart full of love, and everybody loved him. Among the natives his influence was unbounded. The secret of his power over them was his love, combined with his manliness. His work as a missionary was done as few others could do it. He was a wonderfully great preacher in Fijian. He understood the people thoroughly, and when he spoke to them of the things of God his words were full of power. He was always and, everywhere the same— faithful to duty, earnest in his work, steadfast in the midst of difficulties, humble-minded in prosperity, gentle, and kind and loving to all. None of us who were present in the District Meeting at which his old comrades among the native ministers bade him fare- well on the eve of his departure from Fiji, can ever forget the scene when grand old Joel Bulu, in the interval of many bursts of weeping, spoke the farewell words which they had prepared :— "We shall always bear in mind your steadfast endurance of many sufferings in Fiji. One great trial which befell you at Rewa, when the people tried to destroy you, and when the house was burned, you endured it, not wishing for revenge. We saw your friends gather that they might take vengeance for this wrong ; but you said : — "Let them not suffer for this. Let the suffering be mine, and mine alone." For your loving spirit, for you have been loving to us ; for this we thank God. Your words have ever tended to foster kindly feelings among both chiefs and people." The Rev. Arthur J. Webb, who went to Fiji in 1868, writes : — "The Rev. William Moore was in the very front rank of missionaries in Polynesia, and oc- cupied a most honoured place amongst the noble princes of our Fiji Mission in parti- cular. He did a great deal in forming and training the very effective band of Native Preachers who carried Christianity to all parts of the Group. As a preacher in the native tongue he was unsurpassed. In that Group of Islands, with which his name is indelibly connected, no personality will be found more highly honoured than that of William Moore, whose illustrious career re- fleets like a diamond the glory of his God." The Missionary Stations which he occu- pied in Fiji, were those of Nandy, Bua, Rewa, Kandavu, Bau, and Ovalau. Only once during his twenty-years of missionary life, did he leave the field; and he was compelled to do this in 1864, by the seri- ously impaired state of his health. His whole heart and life were consecrated to Fiji. In the almost overwhelming pressure of his work in the Rewa district in 1857 he wrote : — "I do not know which place to visit first, all parts are crying for teachers, and we want at least one hundred more for the towns already lotu." Again, he writes with reference to the removal of his family to the Colonies for health reasons : "My work is here! My heart is here! our Cir- cuit at present needs a great deal of care." Time after time he pleaded for more missionaries : "You must not conclude that Fiji is saved ; only let us have some mis- sionaries and Fiji will pay you in saved souls. I am often worn right out, and ready to sit down and weep over the awful state of Fiji, and the little concern mani- fested by our Churches at home." He saw large success attending the preaching of the Gospel in Fiji. The Rev. John Malvern wrote thus of him in July, 1857 :— "Mr. Moore, with his 22,000 converts, is nearly laid aside through organic disease brought on by excessive toil." His literary work for Fiji, comprised, amongst others, a translation of the inimi- table allegory of John Bunyan, "The Pil- grim's Progress ;" the preparation, jointly with his much-beloved colleague, the Rev. Joseph Waterhouse, of a "Book of Sermon Outlines" for the use of the Native minis- ters, the value of which, perhaps, can hardly be over-estimated ; also a "Book for Teachers : God and the Bible and Scripture Doctrines," which was bound up with "John Hunt's System of Theology ;" thus the name and work of William Moore were linked with those of the seraphic John Hunt ; two noble men, of diverse gifts and character, yet one in their love, to Christ and to the people of Fiji. He finally retired from the Mission work in 1869, and solely on the ground of health and family reasons. After a year spent in deputation work on behalf of the Missionary Society he was appointed minister of the Armidale Circuit, where for three years He laboured so earnestly and acceptably that when the time came for his removal the people of his extensive charge gave em- phatic expression to the high esteem and deep affection in which they held him. The same may be said of his successive appoint- ments to the Wollongong, Kiama, Balmain and Windsor circuits. The duties and labours of the Balmain Circuit proved almost too much for his failing strength. In the less arduous work of the Windsor Circuit he seemed for a time to improve in health. But in his third year there he felt himself to be so enfeebled and exhausted by the hardships, labours, perils and diseases of an eventful ministry of 36 years, that he was compelled to seek the honour- able retirement to which he was so justly entitled. In the well-merited thanks of the Conference he was described as "a master of the Fijian language, as a brother who has hazarded his life for the gospel, as a most successful preacher of salvation through Christ to a people once among the most savage on the face of the earth, and as one of the few living founders of that mission equalled by few in its perils and successes." At the New South Wales and Queensland Conference of 1883 he was elected President. This honour was con- ferred upon him by his brethren as a mark of their high esteem for his work and character, and in recognition of his eminent services as a missionary in Fiji. On his retirement from the chair of the Conference, he was cordially thanked by resolution, "for the uniform kindness and courtesy, and for the fidelity and efficiency with which he had discharged the duties of the Presidential office" during the year. He was the second Australian born minister who had received the highest honor which an Australian Conference could confer upon one of its ministers. The Rev. John Watsford, his early friend, and his senior in the Fiji Mission by a few years, being the first thus honoured. He had not enjoyed the superior education, and special training for missionary work, which some of his brother missionaries had. But by diligent and prayerful study, wide and careful reading, and persistent self-improvement, he attained to a most honorable degree as a missionary preacher, pastor, teacher, translator and adminis- trator. He prosecuted his studies as an urgent duty to God, to the Church of Jesus Christ, and to himself. His views are well expressed in his Journal under date 22nd December, 1844 : "Had not such liberty as in the morning, but I know the reason; I must read more, and pray more ; the Lord will not help me unless I help myself; then I may expect the Blessed Spirit ! 0, how delightful to preach Christ to poor perishing sinners, when the Spirit is at work!" He maintained the freshness and variety of his reading to the last. His interest in religious, social, and political movements never flagged. Old age had not made him conservative in his views, and impatient of new methods of work and new forms of thought, if these were not disloyal to the Word of God, and not alien from the teaching and spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ. In the year 1885 he took up his residence at Stanmore, and there he remained until he was called up higher. As his strength permitted, he assisted the ministers of the Circuit in their work, and at the same time he kept up his interest and studies in questions relating to South Sea Island life, and Missionary work in particu- lar. During the last few years of his life he endured much bodily suffer- ing, but he was a patient sufferer. Bodily disease, contracted probably in Fiji, by exposure to rains and hurricanes, had seriously injured his physical constitution ; and he never rallied to an extent to warrant hopes of his ultimate recovery. Those who were present in the Conference of 1892, will not soon forget his one and final appearance there. With pallid countenance, wasted body, worn and feeble, yet modest, gentle, and loving in spirit and gesture, he came slowly in, leaning on the arm of his son-in-law. The spontaneous expression of esteem and affection, with which he was greeted, moved him to tears and words of loving gratitude. We knew we should see his face there no more. For about a year and a-half, his bodily life was fading away, and on the 12th of September, 1893, the weary wheels of life stood still. He who had experienced so many hair- breadth escapes from death by sea and land died, as he often prayed that he might, in peace in his own home. It had long been his wont to gather the members of his family who lived near into his bedroom after the public worship on the Sunday evening for singing and prayer. This sacred custom was observed on the Sunday prior to his departure, and with uplifted hands and patriarchal fervour he suppli- cated the blessing of that God who had guided, protected and blessed him all his life long upon his soon to be widowed wife and fatherless children. It was a dying husband's and father's prayer and benedic- tion. On the day preceding his decease he gave clear, grateful and triumphant testi- mony to his faith in Christ, and to his hope of immortality. "I am a sinner saved! a sinner saved!" he exclaimed. "I want to go home!" His request was soon granted. When, the next morning, he was passing into a state of un- consciousness, his last word on earth is believed to have been, "Home!" as with weary hands clasped upon his breast, he went down through the valley of the shadow of death fearing no evil, leaning upon his helper God. "It is not death to die, To leave the weary road, And midst the brotherhood on high, To be at home with God. * * * Jesus, Thou Prince of life, Thy chosen cannot die, Like Thee they conquer in the strife, To reign with Thee on high." He was by no means a faultless man. He had his infirmities and failings, but his excellencies and virtues far outweighed these. He was a man greatly beloved, be- cause he was a singularly loving natured man. Love, honour, and troops of friends were his possession, wherever he resided. His generosity and hospitality were proverbial. He attracted goodwill confidence and affection towards himself from all sorts of men. For nearly fifty years he was the stay and support of his widowed mother. And his mourning wife, the mother of his children, and the faithful companion of his earthly pilgrimage for more than fifty years, declares that he was the best of husbands, and the most unselfish of men. And his children mourn the loss of one of the most tender and loving of fathers. And we, his friends and fellow labourers, who knew him so well and loved him so much, fully endorse the sentiments of his former comrade in arms in Fiji, the Rev. L. Fison, M.A., who writes : — "If we were all such as he was, the world we live in would be a better world." 