"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" Thero are lota of pooplo on tlio ono aide or tho other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that ia tho idoal attitude of a persou towards hid meals. But most of us ore not blessed in that way; we either havo too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this queation differently, ytit the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appotlto without a dinuor, booauae, abort of the starvation lino, ft hungry man la a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't feel like eating, standi) in neod of " alterations and repairs," To illustrate, We recently reoeivaed communication In which tho writer says, " I was afraid to eat," Did ho fanoy hia food was poisoned, or did bis nature rebol against the nourishment lived on? 11 the lattei, why ? Let him clear the inyetory hlmsolf. Ho says-" In tho year 1889 1 changed my work from railway potter to Bignaiman, I j had been signalman twelve months, and then ail at once, so to speak, I did not feol myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appealed to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and nouo was gocd. My tongue was coated and (urrod, with a dark line down the middio and yellow fur round It- My breath was oituosive and my appetite poor, with pains through tho chest and shoulders, wbioh wore always right before I had oaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act ub if it would ohoko mo." Wo cannot wondrr that undor theso cir cumstances our friund fullod to do justice to his meals. Ho adds that there wus what he calls " a pricking Henmition " at his heurt, though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which Wan so severe that tlio sweat rolled off him "I drouded," he says," the thought of eating, and HI my a scanty meal h'tve I made, for J was afraid o eat. "After a time I got into a low, wenk, nervous condition, and felt misorablo, as if something was goiug to happun, and this caused ma to lose a good deal of sleop," What ho moans by tho fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, tho fear of some calamity, suoh as the loss of his position, his own death, or tho death of somebody dear to him, This was duo, aa ho iatltnatoa, to tho impoverished Rtato of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung norves, and to tho brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a rostlesd and ungovorncd imagination. " With great difficulty," ho says, " I stuok to my work, for I had a wife and family ue pending on me. bo I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description, 1 am sure no one suffered so much as I have done In tho latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain la one's own, and ia always hardor to bear than one's notion of his neighhor'o pain, Thero ia a countless mul titude who are all the while going through the same experience, only we don't happen to come in touoh with them, Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had loft him where it found him ho chaucod to read In a book of a oobo exactly like hia own having boon cured by Mothor Seigol's Syrup. " My wife," ho says, got me a bottle at Mr. Lang staff's, in Woodlosford, and after using ita contents the allmont left me and has never returm d since that fortunate day. 1 should like tho whole world to know what it did for mo. I have been employed by tho Midland Itailway Company for eieveu years, (Signed) "GEORGE Hcnt, " Oar Bottom Itoad, " Apporloy Bridge, near Loeda," Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's deslro, in order that part of tho world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what rea son, 