RED DIAMONDS. BV JUSTIN M'CAHTHY. CHAPTER V.— What Happened in St. James's-strekt. St. Jamcs's-street must always be a steady soiireo of delight to Die serious lover of London. Iu its antiquity and its exceeding modernity, at the same time, it exercises upon tho true lover something of the samo charm of abidingness, of permanency, which makes tlie eliarm of Rome. Eor just as Rome in its great degree has gone on in an uuoroKcn msiory ever since koiiuiius icapeu over the mud wall, and with that history one might say increasing and not diminish ing in interest wit h Die ages, so in its lesser degree St. Jamcs's-atreet presents tho same spectacle of unfading vitality. In this street arc clubs that bore tho same name when tho world was well-nigh two centuries younger. When the world was well-nigh two centuries younger St. James's- street was tho centre of all that was social, all that was political, all that was brilliant and willy, and, for the matter of that, wicked, in the world of London, Tho two centuries that have -made llampstcad and Chelsea alike parts of London, which have turned the city of Anno into the nugest metropolis in tno worm, nave iciu du James's-strect very much what they found it. Altered externally, it remains in snirit tlie samo — the centre of all that is social, all that is political, all that is brilliant and witty, anu wicked in tho world of London. Talk of haunted places ! No placo in tho world is more haunted than St. James's- street : not lonely Karnak, nor tho ruin- crowned Acropolis, nor the Coliseum. Well may the vision of tho dreamer caU lip mummied Egypt in the Hall of tho Kings, people the Parthenon witli tho youths and maidens of the Pun-Athcnaio festival, and crowd the deserted Amphitheatre with the stately shades of Imperial Rome. These arc ruins ; Die world has passed them by ; in their desolation they arc tho very places lor the dreamer to sit in and conjure up the gliosis of antique time. But St. James's- street, with all its animation, its crowd, its movement day and night, with its stately buildings, its never-ending ever-varying throng of passcrs-by — Si. James's-strcet is to Die true visionary as ghostly a spot as any ruined temple Dial Egypt, Greece, or Italy can offer. Such a visionary standing ill the window of a »St. James's-strcet club sees with his mind's eye all the famous figures of some six generations trooping by — St. John "and Swift, Harley and llervey, Johnson and Goldsmith, ami wild Richard Savam. the greater Fox. and the lesser Pitt, and the Walpolo who wroto letters, and evil 44 Q" ami good Richardson, and great P»urkc, and Beau Rrummcl, and D'Orsay and Byron. What a company— what ghosts — what memories ! The Pillars of Karnak, Die Hill of Athena, the circle of the Coliseum cannot evoke shadows more wonderful than are evoked by this bustling, brilliant, living London street. No reflections of this kind crossed the mind of Mr. Seth Chickering as he lumbered into St. James's-streeb a few minutes after he had said goodnight to Gerald. Ho may have heard of St. James's-strect before, but it he had, the fact awakened no chord in his memory when he now found himself in it. He had turned through York-street into Jermyn-strecl, and so striding rapidly if somewhat unevenly along had found himself in a few seconds on the edge of St. James's- strect. Ho stood at the corner of Jcrmyn-strccfc, looking up and down ; at Piccadilly glitter ing on his right , at Dpi distant darkuess of St. James's Park on Ms left, where the groat clock of the palace showed like a moon in the gloom. Mr. Chickering swayed for a few moments in uncertainty us to the course !u: should Lake. He had drunk a good deal, and though lie had a strong head lie was a little confused and dizzy, und as he paused now lie yawned sleepily. It may have been this vague senso of fatigue which prompted him to turn to tho left rather than to the right, to move in the direction of quiet and obscurity rather than in that of noise and brightness. Anyhow, he did turn to tho left, and made hia way more slowly now down St. James's-strcet towards the park. Whatever ho was conscious of, lie was probably not conscious of tho historical its associations, of all tho great und famous gliosis who had gone down that street before him— and whom lie was so soon to join. But if 110 such appropriate reflections crossed the heated brain of Alt. Chickering, they danced agreeably enough iu tho mind of another pedestrian. Almost at the very moment when Mr. Chickering turned into St. James's-strcet from Jormyn-street, another man turned into St. Jaines's-streot from Piccadilly, and proceeded to walk leisurely down its left-hand side. lie was a man who was fond of indulging in occasional reflections, and if these reflections were often of a somewhat obvious kind, lie had at least made them in so many out-of-the-way parts of Die world that tlie triteness of tho reflec tions gained a dignity from the strangoness of the circumstances which evoked them. Just now St. Jamcs's-street seemed stranger than the desert and odder than Siberia to the meditative gentleman, who smoked his cigar and sauntered lazily along, pleasing his thoughts by feeding them on the former fortunes of St. James's-strcet, and amusing himself bv mentally conjuring up the shades of St. John and of Eox to keep him com pany. Muuicmy ne uisnnsseu tnose stately ghosts from hia mind. Sonic considerable distance away he caught sight of a bulky figure, clad in yellow garments, who was lumbering along ahead of him. Something in the gait, something iu Die garments, troubled the spectators mind. He came to a halt for a moment, as lounging men will often do when suddenly brought face to face with a. problem which requires concentration. The form was familiar to him, ho felt sure; nebulous recollections, wimt was it? Who was it? That the form was familiar to him tho lounger did not doubt for an instant ; ho had a goorl memory, but lie could not at the moment placo tho personality. In which of the many parts of the world lie had boon familiar with did ho boast an acquaintance with a man so built and wearing just such garments? In vain lie puzzled ; the light would not come. 44 Bah !" ho said to himself. 44 Let us give chase and overtake him ; that will solve the mystery." And as lie thought ho moved briskly forward again. But lo, at that very instant his quarry had vanished. . 44 4 Tho earth has bubbles as tho water hath,'" he quoted to himself as ho paused again, "und this is of them." It was cer tainly a fact, Die burly man in the yellow suit whom bo had seen only a ininulo before had vanished as completely as if tho earth had swallowed him. 44 Very funny," muttered tho lounger to himself. 44 He can't havo gono into a shop, because they are all shut. Perhaps lie lives here and has entered Ms lodgings." The meditative individual luid fallon back into Ms slow lounge again and proceeded on his way, scanning with a certain curiosity each house as he passed it in speculation as to whether it was the one which sheltered the mysterious apparition. Sud denly ho came to a pause. Ho had conic, most unexpectedly, to a gap in the continuity of Lhe houses ; ho was standing at Die mouih of a narrow court which led abruptly ofl St. James's-strect. It was a very narrow court indeed ; tbo entrance was no wider than the width of an ordinary door, it looked very black within, though there seemed to bo some kind of feeble light at the end of it. Tho lounger whistled softly to himself. 44 Well," lie mused, 44 i thought I knew St. James's-strect pretty well, but I never remember seeing tins court before. Live and learn, by Jove ! To think that I have travelled all over tho globe and learn for the first time of Die exist ence iu my most familiar street of a court which probably dates from Die days of Anne." Ho gave a vigorous pufl at his cigar. 44 1 wonder," he went on reflecting, 44 if my quarry could have dodged down here." As he thought, it seemed to him that ho heard the sound of voices dimly down in the darkuess — even that lie heard .something like a fall. 44 1 wonder if there is anything going on down there," the lounger asked himself. 44 Let me satisfy a natural curiosity ami At that second, and as he was just about to advance into the darkness, he received a violent shoelv. A man rushing right out of the darkness cannoned heavily against him. Tho lounger was a strong man, and strongly built, hut he staggered a little under the force of the impact, and tho man who fell against him staggered also. As the rushing newcomer staggered back he uttered a .sound more like a growl of animal rage ami fear than any articulate expression, even an oath. For one moment Ms face was turned towards the man against whom he had reeled and was distinctly visible in tlie light of the guslatnp. A bearded face with a shock head of hair under a workman's hat, tho hair of a ruddy color — that was all the lounger saw in the brief glinmse afforded to Mm of bis unex pected and apparently involuntary assailant. 1 lie next moment tlie man had turned anil fled swiftly and noiselessly down Die street, in the direction of the park, and was out of sight before Die lounger had quite recovered his breath. 44 Well," ' said Die lounger to himself, ' that's a rum way to behave. He was in a blazing hurr.y und no mistake. What a face the fellow had. What made Mm so scared, too ?" As he put these questions to himself tho lounger, Rtill standing iu the entrance to th little court, roeovored tho wind that had boon knocked out of him by tho vchemeneo of tho fugitive's impetus. With his recovered breath entno tfie decision to go to the end of the court, the discovery of whose existence had so much eurpriscd Mm. Ho walked slowly on. Tho entrance was dark, narrow, and dirty, running between two houses, ami suddenly coming to an end iu a square, open placo like a yard, walled iu by tho backs of various buildings. It was a queer, dingy hole enough, the oddest kind of placo to as sociate with St. Jamcs's-street. It was quite a small place, about ns much space' 'as would be covered by an ordinary house. It was shut iu on all sides, except at the mouth of the narrow passage, by Die backs of the houses. The hacks of dingy houses in crowded localities are seldom cheerful sights, but it seemed to the stranger as If these backs of houses looked especially depressing, and as if the windows with which tlioy wore pierced had an exception ally lugubrious aspect. In some of the win dows lights were visible; high above, the bine heaven sparkled with stars. Tho air of the place was close and oppressive, and the newcomer felt as if he wanted to gasp for breath. 44 What a beastly plnee," ho said to him self, us he stood in the mouth of tho opening and looked about Mm. 44 1 wonder if my mysterious friend lives in this hole by any chance. If so, I really do not envy him bis choice of a residence." t < ' for the place was not well lighted. A single gaslamp protruding from the wall could hardly be said to illuminate tho cheerless spot. 44 Talk about darkness visible," the ox- plorer muttered to himself as ho moved forward, still impelled by the curiosity which had led him to penetrate so far. 44 1 should think Diis is about the worst lit place in tho world. What u cut-throat kind of a liolo it is !" As ho snid this he came to a pause just under the single gaslamp. The light this gave forth was indeed wretched ; it seemed to fill the dismal spot with uncanny shadows, and Die lounger shuddored, involuntarily acknowledging Die depressing influences of tho place. As lie did so, Ms attention was attracted by one shadow more uncanny than the rest — a shadow in a corner that looked like Die huddled mass of a fallen body. Tho explorer advanced towards it resolutely. It was not a shadow; there was something solid there ; it was Die body of a man lying all iu a heap with its face turned to tho wall. 44 Is he drunk ? " the newcomer asked him self. 44 Drunk or He did nob finish his sentence : but stooping down, touched the body. The touch was enough to turn it back and the light fell full on the un turned face. It was the face of a dead man, mere was no uoubt ot mat, but it was nqc the sudden presence of death which so startled tho discoverer that ho sprang to his feet with ft cry of surprise. The face was a familiar one to him, very familiar. 44 Why!" he cried, 44 it's Seth Chicker ing ! " (To be continued.) 