A FEARFUL CAB RIDE. ] T HAD taken a carriage to go homo from f tho mooting of tho Benevolent Flannel ? *sociabion, of which I am a member, for ib -.-us a pouring rain, and no umbrolla was of any avail ; and we had gone just about half a mile throngh tho dismal streets, when thjk driver suddenly etoppnd, and callod through tho littlo window ou uio roui— i ' Madam.' ' Well,' said I. _ ' Could you do mo a favour — mo ana a poor half-drowned lady out hero? Sho wants rowNvajje'ts ancl'Vb W(?ul(^(Tl%A^ri?y to neiv poor thing, on such a day ; but of course, if you object — ' 'Oh no, I don'b object,' said I. 'I wouldn't keep a woman out in such A storm for worlds. Lot her in.' u Thankyo,' said tho driver. And I opened the door. In an instant a woman had hurried in and taken her seat opposite me. Sho was. a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails liko a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. Sho wore a mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, a breakfast capo, nnd a little sealskin cap that might as well havo been a man's as a woman's. Sho Jiad no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I folt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the raw) to call the doctor to achild : with tho-croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for sho had seemed to for* get her own' comfort ontiroly. I felt sorry foi her as sho wiped hei poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteonsly at her wet dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a stop for a woman, and sho had not uttered so much as j a ' thank you ' for my courtesy, though | she had two or three times looked straight into my faco with hor big black eves. I sat in silence, thcrofore, until at last she fixed a long stfady gaze upon mo, and said : ' It is a wot, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it?'* 'Indeed, it seems so to-day,' I said, with a glanco at the lead- coloured sky. ' And it never rains in heaven,' said she. 'Oh, no.' ' I hope nob, I am sure,' said I. ' Where storms do not come,' sho repeated, as though making a Quotation. 'Of courso it does not. But tlien,' sho added quickly, 'you seo one stays with ono's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, ono must wish to stay.' 'Indeed, yes,' said I. And then, seeing thab sho was agitated, and rememboring my fancy that she was going fora doctor, Isaid, haphazard: ' And when anyone wo love is ill, wo grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things.' ' Yes,' said sho. 'Ihave a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children — pretty and good as a mother could wish — and how anxious they wero when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. Ho cried — a great, 8 tout man. Yes, ho cried. Of course the littlo ones did. And when I died—' ' When you died ?' I repeated. 'Yes, when 1 died,' she said, ina louder tone. 'When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think it strange that I should epeak of myself so. Nobody believes mo ; but it's true. I am not living ; I am only mate rialised.' I could nob mako any answer to this ; I only shrank away into tho corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea t hat I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of tho horse's hoofs, the patter of tho rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if ib became necessary. ' Yes,' tho lady went on — ' yos, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her ab once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I. want to stay so. * I . want to stay materialised, because, don't you see, though ib never rains in heaven, I must etay with my husband Ami i little .ones, if I can. _ They'd miss me so.' — ' Oh, you will,' I ea(d, in some trepida* tion; ' you surely will. - Let us drive to vour house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know thab you aro no longer a spirib. ' Have you told tho driver where to go? Shall I?' She put her hand upon my arm and drew mo down, as I aroso to endeavour to call tho driver. 'Stop,' shesaid; 'as soon as I cross tho threshold where my corpse is Iyin^ I shall bo a horrible ghostagain, and frighten thein all.. Don't you know that? Sit down 1' I sab down. She keub her hand on my arm. ' Listen !' said sho ; ° ctfn'b you hear the sounds behind us? Spirits coming, to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there is, only ono way to avoid it. Tho spirits want a spirib to tako away, and it must bo a young woman's spirib. You — you are aboub my age, aro you nob !' ' I suppose so,' said L ' Yes,' said she j 'and havo ycu a hus band.'- ' I am a widow,' said 1. ' Good,' said she. ' How lucky that is 1 You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there ; I want to stay because mine is here. Como. I'll send your spirit with them — you'll let mo, won't you J' I had grown very cold, and felb thab I was brembling very much, bub I found power to ask hor what seemed to myself theu to bo a very important question. 'How would you do it? Ib depends a littlo on that ? ' . 'Oh,' saidsho,' ns toi /iow, th6re Is just ono way. I must cub 'your throab— bub I have a very sharp razor, and ib won't hurt ab all. It's much tho best for us both, you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their whito wings and cold hands will never know.' She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash for tho door — which I should have made sooner, had I gucssod ab the hidden weapon, you may bo certain— bub as I did so hor face changed, hor oyes flashed furiously, and sho olutched mo by tho throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriago stopped, and I heard amidst my terror tho voices of two men .shouting something close beside us, Then tho woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held tho razor in his hands and folded it away in its sheath. There was another carriago besides ours, and these two men had sprung from it. 'Madam, I hope you are unharmod?' said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign acccnb. ' res, I am thankful to say I am,' said I. ?' You know what it all means ?' said he. 'Ib was a fino mind thab illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and alio believes herself now a spirib. It is a delusion of hers that if eho can eend a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora 1 Forgive us tho terror you have felt. Wo thought her well-watched, bub she escaped us. I bolievo thab dwelling too much on spiritualism has caused all this.' Then ho bowed, and followed his wifo into the other carriage, and I saw hor clinging to him as they arovo away. — Homeland. 