HIS ANGEL. [BY HENRY HERMAN.] (Published by Special Arrangement, with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPTER -IX, "YOU o IAVE BEEN mY FATIERI." While the black thunder clouds of the exposure of her father's shame were rolling nearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the young lady was in the happiest and busiest of moods. An outfit had to be ordered, and for the first time in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest, a great interest, in female finery and milliner's artifices. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leav ing her country, which was her own home, and where she could dress as she pleased, for one whore the foibles of ceremonious society had to be taken into account, and where a sop had to be thrown to the Cerberns of fashion, if she desired to associate with people who wore her equals in station. She had shrewd common sense enough to understand that whilst in New York and the States she was Miss Kershaw of Angelica City-a personality whom most people knew, and who could afford to dress as siinply or as oddly as she pleased-in Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be considered, and she would not be able, for in stance, to go to a dinner party in her ordinary walking dress, without at tracting uncharitable notice. Much as she disliked it, therefore, at first, she had to hand herself over " to the tender mercies of the fashion able dressmaker. But appetite comes with eating; and whether it was that the enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns, and mantles, and what not, was contagious, or that the young lady had never really understood what delight the female mind can find over the selec tion of materials, the all-important decisions anent cut and shape, and especially over that super latively exciting occupation of trying on, Miss Angel's opinions about frocks and frockbuilders gradually, but surely, underwent a complete change, and she was as happy over her newly discovered excitement as a child over a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted with her philosopher and guide, the fashionable milliner and dressmaker, deep in the study of the intricacies of the last Pa risian edicts relating to frocks, when HubertUnderwood was admitted below and immediately proceeded to the library, where he hoped to find Daniel Kershaw. The young man was pale. His eyes wandered about the room rest lessly, and his hands trembled. Mr. Korshaw happened to be momentarily absent, and to the young journalist the few minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library ap peared interminable. The old pioneer at once noticed the peculiarly nervous condition of the usually so calm and unexcitable young man, and immediately faced him with the remark, ' Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What is it ?' 'Mr. Kershaw,' answered Under wood, 'I had intended, if possible, to spare you the w6rry and annoyance which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you; but matters have taken such a turn that I deem it my. duty. to tell you what has happened. 'Hold hard,' exclaimed the old man. ' I -guess what yew're goina to tell me ain't as sweet as maple sugar, an' if yew don't mind, I'll. sit down to it. Now, my boy,' he continued, seat ing himself in his big armchair, ' yew can start, an' run, an' race, an' have the whole length o' the road.' 'My father, the father of whom I have such reason to be ashamed,' con tinued Hubert, with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, ' is in New York. He has been in New York for some days.' It was Daniel Kerslhaw's turn now to feel his nerves tingling with an un accustomed trepidation. Ho had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again; he had- laughed gaunt death in the face on scores of occa sions; but shame, and .. especially shame and distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three days past-a .ghost called up by Michael Turnmor's face, which he. had seen from' his window-the ghost: of Hell fire Joe, that scowled at him of a night, arid glared at him from odd corners of his dreams; and pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and crised ' What right have you with my daugh tei ? Give up my daughter Tell her that you.killed moe ! :' raal,' he said, slowly, ':that ain't news as one would print, an' buy a framo for, an' hang in the parlour; but I guess it wos to be some day or other. I reckon he wante money, an' ho'll have to have it.' - : : 'Ihave given him -money, redtorted Underwood "bitterly, 'but itJ.ie like droplets thrown into the ocean. The more you give, the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more he 'wants. That would be little, but he has just escaped from jail, and there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to got drink. He made a great show of being anxious to re form, and very nearly succeeded in thr6wing dust in my eyes. Luckily he betrayed himself, and' hlie betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudge against you.' ' Agin me?' criedthe old man. in astonishment ' What's :lie got agin' me . ? ....: The whole story hadto betold-the' sore had to be laid fully bare. ' Heo says,'. continued Hubert with slorly nervous deliborationi, that you hanged his partner, Hellfire Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hellfire Joe's daughter, and that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's namle. `Tho old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face,' and stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the lips opened, showing the teeth hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. ' Mike Turner yewr father!' hissed Kershaw, 'an' he'll tell my Angel that her father wos a murderer, an' that I hanged him! Not much he wo'n, I reckon. WVhar is he ?' lie de manded nearly savagely. ' I hlve him safe for the, moment,' answered Underwood, aghast at the impression his announcement had made upon the millionaire. 'He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canal-street, and the proprietor is keeping watch and guard over him.' ' But yew cayn't keep him thar for ever,' cried the pioneer. ' Let's keep our heads cool, an' see that the primin's dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrup an' leave him heoar. That would .look cowardly, an' no man "or devil shall ever say that Dan'l Kershaw was afraid of him. It ain't. yewr fault, my boy, that Cheeseface Mike is yewr father, any more than it's my Angel's fault that Hellfire Joe was hers.' He had confessed the hard naked truth without knowing that he had confessed it; but, now that it. was told, he felt the load of a millstone taken from his mind. For years he had jealously guarded the secret. Now another man shared it, the man of all others most likely to shield, with the bulwark of his own life, her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed was of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so steeped in his love that he felt not even a tinge of added joy over the discovery which brought Angelica Kiershaw to a nearer level with him self. She was not lowered a hair's breadth in his esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. ' Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow that anointed his love and made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not a remark, not an exclamation of surprise escaped from his lips. His Angel was his Angel, and he would as lief have chided a butterfly for having sprung from a chrysalis, as have -dreamed of deeming it a reproach that she was as low-born as himself. 'I guess yew've got to let me handle that father o' yewrn,' continued Daniel Kershaw. 'It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another man could. He ain't quite a dog-gone fool, Cheeseface Mike ain't. If he's jest escaped from pris'n, he knows that he can be sent back agin.. He may think that his own son wouldn't do that, but he's tasted samples of my pepper afore, an' I guess his mouth is smartin' yet. Thar's two things to be did. Mike Turner's got to be made to keep a close tongue, and'-here the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor vibrated through it-' my Angel's got to know that I ain't her father.' ' But surely ' exclaimed Hubert. 'Oh, don't yew -go an' frighten yewrself,' interrupted Kershaw. 'I ain't going to telf her nothen about Hellfire Joe an' his gallows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained by that. But I count as I got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg her to forgive me-to forgive me.' The voice became softer and nearly tearful as he went on. It was the voice of a poor repentant sinner pro claiming his hope of a pardon to come. ' Yes, my boy,' he repeated, 'I've stole her love; an' what's more,'' he added with a stern resolution, ' I mean to keep it, God bein' willin', all the days of my life. Now yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yew bring that father o' yewrn to me heear. If it cayn't be did, yew come back an' let me know, an' I'll go down to him.' ' It's only right,' he muttered when the young man was gone. 'It wasn't fair to start with, an' God knows I've tried to fight agin it, an' tell her of it this many a year past.' The.young lady was in a pretty pout at'being disturbed. ' What a bother, daddie doar !' she exclaimed as she came into the room, radiant with the glow of agreeable excitemont. '?Mrs. Mortimer is up stairs, and her assistant, and she has to go back nearly immediately, and she can't wait.' 'Sit down heear, my Angol,' he said sodftly. ' Never mind the dress maker for a few miinits.' AI fewm:inutes?' , she cried, -purs ing her pretty lips. 'A few min utes ?' : 'Yes, a few minits,' heo replied. :Perhaps ten-perhaps fifteen. Yow'll give thern to yewr daddio, won't yew, if he asks yew ?' ' Why, you're as serious as a judge, daddio dear,' rejoined Miss Angel, seating herself on a footstool:-at his foot' and looking up into his eyoes. ' Whlat is -the matter? What has hap pened ?' He took her head between his two hands and kissed her upon the fore head, long and fervently. 'I love yew so, my Angel,' he breathed. ' I believe I'd die if I wero forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hand at..sayin' whys, nor whereforos, nor hews, but I know. that yoew'ro settled jest heear-jest on my heart, an' growed thar.' 'I know this, daddio darling,' she ,whipered surprisedly. 'I have known it eversince I've been able to under stand what it is to be loved.' 'nu' yeow love me, my deari,' he continiued in the same tenderly.vibrat ing' half-broken- voice.'· 'Yew love me as a good gell ought to love her father. Tell me,.dearie, do yew love me becos yew think I'm yewr father, or do yew love ue becos it's yewr nature, an' yew cayn't help ]ovin' me ?' She looked up at him with her big, dark eyes brimming with her heart's full devotedness. ' What a question to ask, daddie !' she said, smilingly. 'I love you because I love you. Because you're the dearest daddie in the world; because not to love you would be impossible.' 'Ali, would it ?' he retorted. ' Suppose-jest suppose-I wosn't yewr father. Suppose yewr father wos dead an' gone long ago, an' I've taken his place, an' given out as I wos yewr father.' His eyes were glued upon her as he spoke:. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staked upon her reply. ' I don't want to suppose any such thing?' she answered. ' What is the good of it ?' ' Answer me,' he pleaded. ' Sup pose it wos. Suppose I wosn't yewr father-how would it be then?' 'Why, if it were so,' she replied with drooped eyes, and the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the open palm of the other, 'you have been my father -I know no other. I can remember no otherl- can think of no other.' 'But if I had told yew lies,' he went on in a hoarse stoniness,-' if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say something,' yew know, when yew asked questions, an' yew did ask a lot, yew know-all sorts of 'em-about yewr mother, an' about things-an' I, I told them one after another, an' one wickeder than another. Becos, yew see, my dearie,' he cried in an agony of confession, ' I am not yewr father, an' I've lied to yew all this while. An' now it's had to come out, an' yew'll despise me.' He turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy welling in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were overstrained in their effort to make sweet music. 'No, daddie darling,' she cried. ' Never, daddie darling - never, now in this life which is yours - never, now or hereafter. You not my father? There is only one for me beside you-the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now, than you ever could have been.' And kissing him again and again in such holy embrace as a daughter may give to her parent, she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept with her as though they bothwere children. (To be continuedj. 