THE GHOST THAT WORKED. SijVOST of you fellore have heard of i II J ghosts," said the man behind the stove, "but very few of you have seen them. New, I'll tell' you a . story of a ghost, an industrious ghost. I ain't the man what seen the man that saw the ghost, mind you. I eaw ib myself. The story ain't very romantic, bub it's queer, an' I'll tell it to you." And the man behind tho stove re-lib his pipe and started off. " In 1378 I was in the oil regions of Penn- sylvania. I was speculating a little, and had done well, and I knew tiie country pretty thoroughly. I was on my way from Petrolia, in Butler County, to Fairviow. In the party was Sam Shryock, two other experts, andmyseli. We were going to see a now 300.barrel well near Fairview that had just been struck by Green, tiie oil king. "'What wells is theinf I asked as the road took a short out through a way I had not been before, and I pointed my hand to three tall derrlcks'of weather worn pine, with an engine puffiing steadily away besldo each one of them. "These are the Bell Union, or Ghost wells," eaid Sam. " ' And why the Ghost wolls V " ' Because a ghost runs them.' "I doubted Bain'sstatementat first. But the other two experts nodded their heads affirmatively, and then Sam told thostory. VTlie Bell Union wolls were among the first struok on the belt in the third sand. "This place then was a whooping wilder ness. There was no communication with the outside world save by pony express, and although the Allegheny valley railroad ran bub six miles away, tho oondition of the country aud the thiokness of the forest made those wells almosb inaccessible. " No woman lived nearer than Porker, seven milcB off, und tho two young men from Erie who pumped the wells — Charlie Kay- lor and Fred Hastings— had a bard and lonely lot of it. Of theso two, Kaylor was a bright, intelligent boy of friondly disposi tion, just 21. Hastings, on the contrary, was of a moross and selfish disposition, and, although these two men worked here by turns night and day for months without seeing a human face other than their own, there was anything but friendship between the two. Kaylor had tried to make friends with Hastings time and agaln,only to be repulsed. So now the bwo men relioved each other, eaoh did his share of the work and no more, and they never spoke except when neoessary to give instructions. Hast ings worked the morning trick and Kaylor came on a|> night. " Tilings went on like this for somo time, until one day Kaylor was seized witli a terrible attack of toothaohe. There was no donti9b nearer than Parker, and be suffered four sleepless nights and days in agony. At last,' on the fifth day he started to walk to the dentlsb at Parker, soven rough mountain miles, as soon as hiB brlok or work turn was finished. Ifo was baok at ten that night, free from pain, for bho cause was gone, but wearv, worn out and foot-sore, anu nearly dead, besides, for want of sleep. « <\Vork for me to- night, Fred,' he asked Hastings. ' You know what I've been through, and-how dead tired I am. . " But Hastings refused, " ' Only work for me four hours then, for the love of God.' " ' Every man works his own trick on these wells," replied Hastings. " ' All right, then ; I will run mine, living or dead,1 and he lay down on a board, while Hastings took his ooat and buakeb and walked out of the engloe-houae. " At 2.80 the next morning their boiler went up, taking Kaylor's mangled body and most of the boiler room witb it. The owners of the well, Satterfield and Taylor, of Titus- vllle, replaced the boiler and made the necessary repairs, and in two weeks the wells started up again, with Hastings running Kaylor's trlole from 1 a.m. antll 1 p.m. " He ran the trick one turn and then refused to work ib longer. He gave no explanation, bub took baok his own turn. Tbe new man in Kaylor's plaoe ran one trlok, too, and then refused to work it again. Upon investigation, the foreman learned thab strange things happenod on the morning trlcke. Water guages were raised, .pumps were turned off 'and on, tbe engine stopped and started, and the- oil cans were taken up by invisible hando and the engines oilod — nob only the one in the boiler-house, but the other two, one hundred and fifty yards away as well. " Charlie Kaylor. dead, waa working his trick ! They ' sent to Erie for Kaylor's brother, ' and he is there yet,' said Sam, |n conclusion. ' He slops at night on bis brick, and the ghost runs tiie wells.' " Of coarse I laughed at the story, and Sam replied, soberly; 'I didn't believe it, either, but yon see it yourself as I did.' " Thab night I dressed myself as a tramp, and at nine o'olook presented mysolf at the engine-house door. Hastings was on watah, ana to my surprise, after Sam's description of him, he readily assented to my sleeping there. I nobioed his black hair was mixed with gray, and he seemed worried and nervous. I suppose he was afraid of the ghost, and was glad of company at night, even if there were no manifestations during his turn. " Taking a board; I made myself a bunk, ostensibly to sleep, but really to watch. "Promptly at one oolook Kaylor'e brother came in. He said 1 Good night ' to Hastings, grumbled a little about turning the boiler-room into a lodging- house, ana then he lay down and went to Bleep. "As the first duty of the pamper is to measure his tanks, examine ana oil his engine and see all is right as soon as he goes on duty, I was somewhat surprised to see the alleged ghost's brother lie down and sleep at his post. "I was more surprised and somewhat scared ten minuteB later to sse tho link raise on the engine to the centre, the engine atop and the oil can raise off the bed plate, fill every' oil cup with oil, and then go baok te its place. ' Then the iink was raised to reverse motion, and the engine started as usual. 1 pricked myself to see if I was awake, when the water gauges raised and indicated one gauge Boant. The pump valves turned on, and by their clinking I knew the pumps were feeding. Then the oil can came up- again, and'the record book disappeared from its shelf. "The east door of the engine-house opened, and book and oil can passed oub. Then by the main indicator in the boiler room I could tell tho other wells and engihos near them wore attended to by the ghostly pumpman. In fifteen minutes the west door opened, and can and book wont baok to their places. I stepped up noiselessly to tho shelf, and there was the record of the tank for the night's work made out. I turned baak In the book. It was. tho dead man's writing. A shiver went through me, as at the other end of the engine-house I heard the dead man still at work, while his brother slept away beside tbe stove. Charlie Kaylor, dead, still worked his trlok." THE PITMAN AND THE BAR- TRUMPET. A pitman, entered a public-house in New oaiblo, where Rn old man yras seated near the fire, and accosted him witb the customary salutation of "Gude morain'." The old man, however, paid no attention, and the ?itman repeated his salute in a louder voice. 'his time hie lungs had effect. The old man raised himself up, and, taking from a capacious pooket a trumpet of peculiar con struction, put it to his ear. Our honest pit man stood amazed, but, after, waiting with the most anxious expectation for torn moments, he exclaimed, with n disappointed air : 