THE REIGN OF THE FAT MAN The fat man is not entirely a product of the nineteenth century. Away back in primitive savagedom the aggressive nig ger, who, by virtue of superior muscle, succeeded in terrorizing his weaker neighbours, usually accumulated unto himself a harem of dusky natives and a large and varied assortment of edibles. But, just as soon as he became fat and lethargic in the midst of plenty, some other rising chief usually knocked him on the head, and his reign ended. As society further developed, the fat man became cunning enough to ally himself with the ' medicine man,' who shared in the plun der, and, in return for value received, used to concoct fearful and wonderful ' ' ghost ? stories,' always with the one moral — that the fat man was a sacred man, whose per quisites and privileges must in no way be meddled with under pain of supernatural retribution. This thing worked fairly well, and, indeed, obtains in various forms to-day ; but still the ugly fact remained that, as fatness increased, the ability to weild a club decreased and sooner or iater the man with the No. 14 fist got home, and the fat man was gathered to his fathers and converted into ' long pig,' to be succeeded in his turn by another can didate for obesity and. ultimate destruction. Then, after successive fat men for many generations had graduated from the martial arena to the oven, a new race sprang up, who abandoned the clumsy and unscientific club for a new and mysterious weapon called ' lawanorder,' and then, indeed, the reig„ of the fat man com mencedin reality ; and, singularly enough, the manufacture of ' ' ghost stories ' ' also progressed with great rapidity ; only, in stead of investing the individual fat man with special sanctity, all the ' ' ghost stories ' had for their moral -the necessity for the preservation of 'lawanorder,' and, as of course the fat man was abso lutely necessary to the proper preservation of 'lawanorder,' consequently the fat man must be preserved also ; and he is to this day. Thus the squat potbellied savage, with his numerous wives and un certain morals, has, by a gradual evolu tion, been transformed into the 'right- thinking citizen ' of to-day. Though his morals are as shady as ever, still the vast expanse of a white waistcoat covers a multitude of sins, and the guardian of ' lawanorder' takes the front place in the synagogue every time ? When 'will his reign end? When the plundered dupes realize that 'lawanorder' is only the savage's club under a new name — that the ' ghost stories' of to-day are the old gags of the 'medicine man' rehashed — that the fat man is what he always was, a greedy, unscrupulous old savage, whose mission in life is to enjoy without toil the fruits of other men's exertions ; and, finally, when - they give up wanting to be fat men themselves F. C. Now ready — A cheap edition of the 'Working Man's Paradise,' by ' John Miller.' Send Is 3d in stamps to W. W. Head, 111 Elizabeth-street, 