<Emml)0. Knife. Dance. Brakes. Horses. Betting. Stabbing. Summary. Parliament. Official snub. Both Houses. G. A. Henty. Opbir arrived. Gambling rife. Silver, 2s. 9^d. "Cast Adrift." Storm brewing. Unprofessional. Crime abounding. A doctor censured. Tretheway on trial. . Viceregal jollification. Plethora of Parliament. Fisherman put to death. A gush of publio business. Political Echoes on page 4. Flower Show on Thursday. Queensland sugar crop good. Butchers' picnic on Thursdav. Flea for more effective brakW. Granddad Duke of Edinburgh. Chances for trade with Canada. Another little Royal dependent. Gold found in the Peake Ranges. Very like a murder near Morgan. Dan Barry is drawing good houses. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day, 39*32. An amateur Jack tbe Ripper at large. A new tale by Henty for the Journal. " Ghosts" at the Albert Hall to-night. Have yon dreamt tbe Gup winner yet ? Corporation broom sweeping the aluma. Land Bill moving along at snail's paoe. The auodad has aliases like an old ofcadeh Another of Dan Barry's repertoire to-night. S^Itatorial exercises at) Government House, Napoleon I. waxed painfully fat before he died. City Fathers intend to clean swaep Boraw street. Legislature showing disrespect to the Law Coarts. Cable oommnnioation with New Caledonia effected. John Chinaman has at last found an abli advocate. Dibbs substituting Patterson for Ohiapw this time. Last four nights of the Dan Barry Dramatic Company. The South-East risincr in wrath te demand more trains. You oannot make people moral by Act of Corporation. "Captain" Kingston has not yet proved a good voyager. Gounod, the great musioian, lying at the point of death. The " patent rabbit exterminator"—#re there patent rabbits ? Electric wires from Westralia bringing gold fever contagion. Rosina-street bad characters to be sprinkled about elsewhere. The medico's linen has been satisfactorily washed in public. The modern Balaam went back on tbe Anti- Alcohol Congress. Ie Glenelg going to let the Semaphore have the only aquarium ? The Keeper of the City Baths is " Professor Bastard, K.C.B." Dibbs accusing the Patterson Government of breach of faith, Kapunda Races to-morrow; single fare fo> the double journey. Two hundred oases of gastric cholera in the Greenwich Hospital. Some of the Coolgardie gold mines appeal to be phenomenally rioh. Brokers and sellers having got their wool oa have buried the hatobet. Chairman Hodge thinks there's a hard fight ahead for Protestantism* Taxation Office plays as little into the handt of the lawyers aa possible. Readers of the Observer and Journal will revel in Henty's new story. Monsieur's hatred to Germany baa mad* him forget the Crimean War. The Frenoh losing their heads with delight over the Russian naval visitors. We can't be too careful in safeguarding our shores against the cholera fiend. Has that crank got away from the Asylnm again, as knifing has restarted? A Chinaman partial to opinm is preferable to a drunken larrikin at any time. Lightning found out Baltimore Gaol. Twenty less prisoners on the books. The Chinese of Melbourne are now accusing the Europeans of unfair competition. The vast population of Kangaroo Island greatly moved over Tretheway's arrest. Sun rose at 5.18 a.m.; sets at 6.16 p.m. Moon set at 0.25 a.m.; rose at 9.53 a.m. A sensible and moderate letter from Caaoa Green on Bishop Short's Snocessors Bill. Salvation Army officer to the crowd—'"If you haven't got a tanner, give us a brown." " A Struggling Farmer" might show hia charity by sending John Oorkedale eome pills. Who is to be the new Chairman of the Congregational Union 1 Hastings or Robert* A hole shonld be dug where that thunder* bolt struck to see if a copper or other mine is there. This warm weather will induce many to make the acquaintance of Professor Bastard, K.C.B. Will the Zoo Board pass a vote of thanks to that auodad for presenting them with two valuable kids ? *' We have left undone many things that wa ought to have done," penitently confesses the Rev. C. Hodge.' That " glorious act of oonscieqtiomi selfdenial" by Mr. Victor Buxton has been emptied of merit. Tbe best " set" on Parson Clamper's irrelevant humbug is the sensible and pointed letter by Canon Green, Lord Ripon points out the absurdity of supposing that an international oable can be neutralized in time of war. Many people were wondering how a steamer could come round to the Port from Glare. " Olive" is the explanation. " Lounger" computes that every hour's talk in Parliament is bought by an ontlay of £100 of tbe taxpayer's hard cash. "The Ministerial craft is tacking against a head wind, which shows no sign of change or abatement," says " Lounger." The Mayor—" Gentlemen, I must draw your attention to tbe fact that theunexpended balance was all spent some time ago." Every pianist ehould attend the Town Hall this evening to hear Signor de Beaupuis* interpretation of works by the great masters. "A Struggling Farmer" charged with being a money-grabber and a loafer. John Corkedule oan't get sntibilioue pills cheap enough. Next year Canada is to rearrange her CuBtomB tariff, and she wishes to adjust it in a way mutually beneficial to herself and Australia. One of the gentler sex—Maud Wendon— gave a public exhibition of her gentleness in the Police Court, for which she has got two months' bard. "Signor de Beaupuis' pianoforte playing approaohes the pathos of Lizst and the brilliaucy of Thslberg," is the opinion of one who has heard all the performers. The opera of "Pagliacci," which will be produced at the Theatre Royal next Saturday evening, for repetitions has beaten the record at Covent Garden Theatre, London. The Graphic states that three operatio troupes ars now playing in England the opera of " Pagliacoi," which will be played next Saturday evening at our Theatre Royal. The scene is laid in the Netherlands, near the City of Zutpen. A few hundred men are on the warpath to intercept supplies, which the Prince of Parma is sending into the city. But they are suddenly surprised by the shouts of several thousand armed warriors, who had lam in ambush, and who now intercept tbe interceptors. But who is this noble, heroic warrior, who has fallen to the ground from the effectB of a wound in the thigh a little above the left knee? See, he is faint aud thirsty from excess of bleeding, and he calls for water; but as he is about to drink he sees the eye of a dying soldier fixed on the cup. He resigns it to him. saying, " Take this; thy neoessity is greater than mine." The speaker is Sir Philip Sidney, the true-hearted patriot, the wise statesman, th6 accomplished scholar, the skilful General, the prudent diplomatic, the graoeful writer, the kind patron, and the Christian gentleman, who died of his wound October 17, 1 r»8»:. aged 31- 