Reinforcement,1 J [CONCLUDED FROM OUR LAST.] I BY THE REV. DE. DE WITT TALMAGE. I " Lord, increase our faith."-LUKE xvii. 6. Again, our belief ÍB reinforced by ARCHiELOGICAL EXPLORATION. We masc oonre-s that good men at onetime were afraid of geologist's hatnmor and chemist's cru cible and archaeologist's investigation, but now intelligent Christiana are receiving and still ex pec-ting nothing but confirmation from all such sources. What supporta tho "Palestino Explora tion Society ?" Contributions from churches and Christian benefactors. I saw tho marks o£ the shovels of that exploring society amid tho ruins of ancient Jericho, and all up and down from the Dead Sea to Cesárea Phillipi. " Dig away," Baye tho Church of God, " and the deeper you dig tho better I like." The discovered monu ments ot E ypfc have chiselled on them the story of the Bufferings of the Israelites in Egyptian bondago as wo find it in the Bible; there, in! imperishable stone, representations of the slave, of tho whips, and of tho taskmasters .who compelled tho making of bricks without straw. Exhumed Nineveh and Babylon, with their dusty lips, declaro the Bible true. Napoleon's soldiers in the E yptian campaign pried up a etona, which you may find in the British Museum, a stone, aa I remember it, pre senting porhaps two feet of lettered surface. It contains words in throe languages. That stone waa tho key that unlocked th<* meaning of all the hieroglyphics of tomba and obelisks, and tells over and over again the same events which Moses re copied. Tho Eulphurous graves of Sodom and Gomorrah have been identified. » THE REMAINS OF THE TOWER OF BABEL havo been found. Assyrian documents lifted from the sand and BohÍ3tun insciiption, hundreds of feet high up on tho rock, ocho and ro-ocho tho truth of Bible history. The Bigns of tho time in dicate that almost every fact of tho Bible from lid to lid will find itB corroboration in ancient city disentombed, or ancient wall, cleared from tho duBt of a^es, or ancient document unrolled by archaeologist. Before the world rolls on as lat into the20. h century us ithasalready rolled into the 19th an infidel will be a man who does not believe his own seneea, and the volumes now critical and denunciatory of the Bible, if nobenthely devas tated by the book worms, will bo taken down from the shelf as curiosities of ignorance or idiocy. All 0UCCO39 to the pickaxes and crow bars and powder blasting of those apostles of archaeological exploration. I liko the ring ing defiance of the old Huguenots to the assailants of Christianity : " Pjund away, you rebels ! Tour hammers break, but the anvil of God's word stands." How wonderfully the old book hangs together. It is a library made up of G6 books, and written by at least 39 authors. It is a supernatural thing that they have stuck together. Take the writings of any other 39 authors, or any 10 authors, or any 5 authors, and put them together, and how long would they stay together ? Books of "elegantextracts"compiled from many authors are proverbially short-lived. I never knew ono such book, which, to UEQ the pub liBher's phraso, " had life in it " for five years. Why is it that the Bible, made up of tho writings of at least 39 author*, has kept together for A LONG LINE OE CENTURIES when the natural tendency would have been to fly apart like loose shoats of paper when a gust of wind blows upon them ? It is because God stuck them together and keeps them together. But for that Joshua would have wandered off in one direc tion, and Paul into another, and Ezekiel into another, and Luke into another, and Habbekuk into another, and the 39 authors into 39 direc tions. Pub the writings of Shakspere and Tenny son and Lon gf allow, or any part of them, together ; how long would they stay together ? No book bindery could keep them together. But the cannon of Scripture is loaded now with the same ammunition with which prophet and apostle loaded it. Bring me all the Bibles of the earth into one pile, and blindfold me BO that I cannot tell the difference between day and night, and put into my hand anyone of all that Alpine mountain of sacred books, and put my finger on the last page of Genesis, and let me know it, and I can tell you what is on the next page, namely the first chapter of Exodus, or while thus blindfolded, put my finger on the last chapter of Matthew, and let me know it, and I will tell yon what is on the next page, namely, the first chapter of Mark. In the pile of 500,000,000 bibles there will be no exception. In other words, the book gives me confidence by its supernatural adhesion of writing to writing. Even the stoutest ship sometimes shifts its cargo, and that is what made our peril the greater in the ship Greece, of the National line, when the cyclone strack us off the coast of Newfoundland, and the cargo of iron had shifted aa the ship swung from larboard to starboard and from star board to larboard. But thanks be to God this old bible ship, thou rh it has been IN THOUSANDS OP YEARS OF TEMPEST, has kept it3 cargo of gold and precious stones compact and sure and in s-11 the centurion nothing about it has shifted. There they stand, shouldei to shoulder, David and 3olomon and Isaiah anc Jeremiah and Ezekiel and Daniel and Hosea ano Joel and Amos and Obadiah and Jonah nnc Micah and Nahum and Habbakuk anc Zephaniah and Haggai and Zacharia! and Malachi and Matthew and M«rk and Luk< and John and Paul and Peter, all thero, and wi tl a certainty of being there until the heavpns and the earth-the creation of which ia described in tho first book of the Bible-shall have collapsed, and tho whitehorse of tho Conqueror descried in tho Jaat book of theBibla shall pavy the dustin universal demolition. By that tremendous fact my faith is reinforced. The dissuasion ia abroad as to who wrote those books of the Biblo called tho Pentateuch, whether Moses or Hilkiah or Ezra or Samuel or Jeremiah or another group of ancients. None of them wrote it. God wrote the Pentateuch, and in thia day of stenography and typewriting that ought not to be a difficult thing to understand. The great merchants and lawyers and editors and business men of our towns and cities dictate nearly all their letters-they only sign them after they are dictated. The prophet and evan gelist and apostle were Jehovah's stenographers or typewriters. They put down only what God dictated; he signed it alter ward. He haB been writing his name upon it all through the vicissi tudes of centuries. But I come to the height of my subject when I say the way to REINFORCE OUR FAITH IS TO PRAY FOR IT So tho disciples in my text got their abounding faith: "Lord, increa3e our faith." Some one suggests : " Do you really think that prayer amounts to anything ?" I might as well ask you ia there a line of telegraphic poles from Now York to Washington, ia there a line of telegraphic wires from Manchester to London, from Cologne to Berlin. All the people who have sent and received messages on those lines know ofi their existence. So thore are millions of souls who have been in constant communication with tho capital of the universe, with tue throne of tho Almighty, with the great God himself, for yeara and years and years. There has not been a day when supplications did not flash up and blessings did noe flash down. Will some ignoramus who has never received a telegram or sent one, come and tell us that there is no such thing as telegraphic communication ? Will somo ono who has never offered a prayer that waa heard and answered come and tell us there ia nothing in prayer ? It may not come as we ex pect it, but as euro as an honest prayer goes up, a ms'ciful answer will come down. During tho blizzard of lour or five yoars ago you know that many of the TELEGRAPH WIRES WERE PROSTRATED, and I tfllegraphid to Chicago by the way of Liverpool, England, and the answer, after a while, came round by another wide circuit, and so the prayer we offer may come back in a way we never imagined, and if we ask to have our faith increased, although it may coma by a widely different process than that which wo expected, our confidence will surely be augmented. Oh, put it in every prayer you ever make between your next breath and your last gasp : " Lord, in crease our faith "-faith in Christ aa our personal ransom from . present guilt and etei nal catastrophe : faith in the omnipo tent Holy Ghost j faith in the Bible, tho truest volume ever dictated or written or printed or read ; faith in adverse providences, harmonised for our beBt welfare; faith in a judg ment day that will set all things riebt which hava for ages been wrong. Increase our faith, not by a fragile addition, but by an infinitude of recu peration. Let us do as we saw it done in tba country while we were yet in our teens, at the old farmhouse, after a long drought, and the well had baen dried, and the cattle moaned with thirst at the bars, and the meadow brook had ceased to run, and the graes withered and the corn waa shriveled up, and one day there was a growl of thunder, and then a congrpgation of clouds on the sky, and then a startling flash, and then a drenching rain, and father and mother put barrels under every spout at the corners of tho house, and set pails and buckets and tubs and pans and pitchers to catch as much as they could of the shower. For in many of our souls thero has been a long drought of confidence and in many no faith at all. Let us set out all our affections, all our hopeB, all our contemplations, all our prayers to CATCH A MIGHTY SHOWER. " Lord, inoreaBe our faith." I like the way that the minister's widow did in Elisha's time, when after the family being very unfortunate, her two sons were about to be sold for debt, and she had nothing in the house but a pot of oil, and at Elisha's direction she borrowed from her neighbors all the vessels she could bor row, and then began to pour the oil into these vessels and kept on pouring until they were all full, and she became an oil merchant with moro assets than liabilities, and when she cried, "Bring me yet a vessel," the answer came, " Thei e ia not a vessel more." So let na take what oil of faith we have and use it until the supply shall be miraculously multiplied. Bring on your empty vessels, and by the power of the Lord God of Elisha they shall be filled until they can hold no more of all-inspiring and triumphant faith* 