I ullncture.. 50 "5Ss00EB. A funny story reaches me of two cyclists who stated on a tour in the Western Pert district. Trouble, however, started early, for when only a cruple ot miles along St. Kilda RoS1, one of their tyres phlrctured. leing a '3it did not cause any anxicty, but Ialgsl when they talked the Sepalr, their ma;dtn ffr,,t was not to be cr'w.ned with succeeess. They tugsel nud tuged till the ir fingers were sore, still the obstinate cov-r would not leave is r.s'ing p'aee. ani a visit was paid to a neight ouring domicile. A couple of la-ge spoons were prers'd inta requisition, and u'timately the cover was wrenched off and the puncture repaired. But trouble again overlook them; they could not get the cover on, and showering the'r wrath on the innocent wheel they pioked up their traps and wended their way, very dejected, to a cycle shop in Commerrnal Road, where Dad Ieauchamp soon put their disturbed minds to rest and sent them on their way rejoicing. Cranbourne was reached, and whilst rest ing in the billiard room, two living personi flcations of Charles Dickens' " Jo," alike in age and scarcely entered into their leens, clothed in rage galore, and with their hair growing through the tops of their hat., sug gested a four-handed gameof billiards. Now our tourists can play billiards, and were rather surprised when these sans of the soil offered them twenty points in esecnty-five. The juvenile cuists could scarcely reach the table, but neverthb'ess, by slipping in a few breaks, one of them thirty.five, they went out,'eaving our tourists something like twenty- five to the bad. Needless to add. the taur was quickly entered on again, and now, to men tion Cranbourne and b lliards in the same breath, to them, is to court destru:tion. What wrecks some of the compptitors were in the fifty mile race. More than one rider ecanned the road with longing eyes, looking for tacks, horse shoes, glass bottler, or any thingover which they might ride andpuncture, relief coming to some of them, and we'.,-me it was. Another crack got cramps early in the race, and forgetting himself, he, when riding in the centre of the field, jumped off to momentar:ly rub the afflicted m. mter of his anatomy, with the renult that the men behind ran into his foremostattendant's back wheel, and the scene can only be likened to a lot of tracks shaoting and hanging against each other. Then guein a swag-man was wending his weary way. tovards D nny brook, and a couple of riders bailed him up and eased him of his lilly of tea and all his food, sat on the soadside.and devourel it eagerly. The northerly winds of last week seenl to have had an invigorating effert on our road nien, and a thirst for glory and records followed. No sooner had James immortalised his name than a couple of well- known men made up their minds to essay a record from Wallan to Melbourne, for one of these men once held a record over this cour;e.but sad to relate, twice has it been pulver;sed in the past two months. Now, a strong northerly wind was essential for a successful issue to the attempt, and accrdingly cir esteemed friend went on Thursday morning last and gained an interview with our prophet (this time, a false one), Mr. Ellery, and the conversation caught in the phonograph was au fo lows : "Good morning, Mr. Ellery." " Good morning." "I am going to try a record from Wallan to Melbourne, do you think this wind will hold good?" "Oh, yes." "Now supposing it changed, which direc tion would it come from I" "Oh. but it wouldn't charge." " Well. we'll suppose it did change, would you advise me to take a cape in case it brought rain ?" "Oh, now really you are asking me too much, but I don't think we will have any rain just yet." ' Well, just for argument's sake, we'll eunp pose it did rain-which direction would it come from I Would it last long? And would it be heavy enough to wet me if I did not have a cape?" " Now, really, I have my reports to make up, and you must not bother me any more Good morning." *" "Well. said the irrepressible one, just a word before I go. Do you understand any thing about bicycles or gears? if so, which is the better machine, a Huulabr Road Racer, or a New Rapid? and what gear would.you recommend me to get for this record?" "Oh, get thee gone. Go to Professor Kernot and ask him," and Mr. Ellery crawled into the barrel of the large telescope to get out of the way. . Our friend and a companion determined to try, and taking train to Wallan, a successful start was effected, but oh, horror 1 did you feel that puff, from the south, and after plugging 11 miles against strong three-quarter head winds, theygave up the ghost, and as they leisurely rods home, they heaped coals of living fire on the head of our astronomer. And-the record is still intact. Who went prowling round the Stockade walls on Sunday afternoon whistling "Home, Sweet Home?" Look out for the photographs taken in Eastern Market, on Saturday night. Morton was there, and when the artist turned his back, Morton climbed in a tree (used for a back-ground) trying to find a bird's nest,and he nearly wrecked the whole show. 