GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Gor- resdondent for the best collection of school boy " mistakes" ; and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham savs : — " When I learned one day the remarkable fact that ' Ilaied and Odessae translated Euripides,' I felt that the time had come- for action ; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spread ing the 'New Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers m class whatever would throw me light on- old subjects. I bave been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined- twelve extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bond-fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged ; . in most cases I have still- the original documents from which they are taken." Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham and others,, given by our contemporary, are tlie following ' Divinity. — Esau was a man who wrote, fables and who sold the copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potash.— Explain'the difference between: the religious beliefs of; the ; Jjfews andO Samaritans! The JeWs. believed in the ' synagogue and -had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. '—Titus was a Roman Emperor— supposed- :to,have written the Epistle to the Hebrews —his other.name.was Gates. English History. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who wa3 pub. into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he.was in prison he wrote "Tiie Pilgrim's Progress " ; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. — : Wolsey was a famous general who foughb in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crom; well, "Ah! if I had only served'. you as you have served me, I would nob have- been deserted in my old age. " Wesley was the founder of the Wesley an Chapel, who was afterwards called . Lord Welling ton: a; monument was erected , to him in Hyde Park, bub it has been taken down lately. — Who was Henry HI. 1 A zealous supporter "of the Church, and dited a Dissen- try.— What is Divine Right ? The liberty to do what you like inVChurcb.— What is a Papal Bull ? A sorb of jcow; , only larger and does -nob give ruilki — PerMn Warbeck raised a rebellion in -ithe reign of Henry VIH.- He said be was 'i the son of a prince, but he was really the\ son of tespectablo people. Definitions. — Phoenicians. — The invent ors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal,— rA native of Bechuana, Tn South Africa; Chimaera. — A thing used to take like nesses. with. Watershed. — A place in which boats are stored;in winter. Gender. — Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical. — A" cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at:the top. Immacu late.— State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics.— Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia - when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language , and Literature. — Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endy- mion, which brought on consumption.— The- sonnet is a thing that' has its first four lines two meteors (qdar tan) arid in. last six two meteors (turzette): — Latin of the 4th period was introduced.into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 a:d.,wh"en the nobility and gentry, spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was. too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro- fains madness, he really only put it on bub some, people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would' have something to drink & he had pub poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies.— What do you understand by the Augustan age in English Literature ? We mean the time of Ctedmon, who flourished and wrote ''Comus "about, the time that St. Augus tine converted the people.of Kent. . Miscellaneous.— Briefly describe the heart, and its function or -work. — Tlie heart is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy peti tion. These parts are:called right artillery; left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair thb different 'organs in about half a minute. — What is a (volcano 1 A volcano is a very powerful "rtfek;— Wfiat is the meaning of rner de 'gldce ?' Mother of glass.- - What are fossils ? Fossils are: those remains of plants and (animals which keep best when left to themselves. — What fossil remains do we find- of, fishes ? In some rooks we find the fossil footprints of fishes. — What are tlie metamor.phic rocks? Rocks that contain metaphors. — " What is the matter?" .-queried a teacher. " You seem to be r&tbe;>i?. Uncomfortable 7 there. " " I've gob the unexpected lilEixplain the words fort and' for- a placfe to put meii ih, and fortress -a'place to put women 5n.— What JS"a" Republican ? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible,— The two ch'ief- volcanoeain Europe.- Sodomahd Gomorrah.: 