THE MISER'S LEGACY. " He's come, Mr. Herman." >" ' " Come ? Come at last ? Are you sure ni it, Joe ?• -.:..■ -" Sure as taxes," said Joe Popplnger, with a confident nod of his head. "I(c'< taken that old house—the Haunted House, the neigh bors call it—and be's moved into it, bag and ba^sngc, which nin't much, by the way." " Any servants with him, Joe I" " Only one—* crooked old woman—a» threw a porrinjer of hot water over me when I came round to ax if I conld be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd havo tho wholc'kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft, I never did come acrois such • rum lot in all my lite." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe 1" " Sec him, Mr. Herman I I »cc a bundle of old bones, tied round tbo middle, with a pilm-lcaf patterned dressing goirn and a tlanncl night-cap on bis head, and I s'poscd likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. Ho was ft runnin' in. and out from the (urniturc enrt liko a craty spider." ' ' ■ . 14 That will do Joe, Here isahalf-a-crown foryou." ...... " Thank'ec, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." ■ . . •". ■ And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling lit the front of bis cap, while Herman Frankljn leaned, whistling, against tbe pillar o( tbe front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had nrrived at hut .—the rich nnd eccentric relative—on the re version of whose fortune, rcat or supposed, he had All his life been buildinc nSrial castles. At last—ami Hcrm.nn resolved the very next day to call atd pay bin rcapecti, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. 11 If I hadn't beard from hii lawyer that be had taken a lease o( the Stone House," mused Mr. Frariklyn, "I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of.way place awaiting his advent; nnd if 1 hadn't thought I could work into fall good grace* I never shoald'hnvc taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigho! Sometimes I think it would be easier to wort for money than to inherit And so the next dny Mr. Frankljn 'called- Miner Molinennx received him very coolly, sitting among hi* treasures, like Marins nraid the ruins of C'artbnge. But Eranklyn noticed that be kept one, band on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him m he talked. "Well, yonng man, and what do yon want?" heasked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for ths hot water treatment, showed him in. "So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. "Humph 1 My health Is well enough? Better than you wish it. I dare say." " My dear sir-^" " But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on tbe old man, still ncrrously fingering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I bare a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you bare done." " But, my dcarcou«in " 11 Words are all very well," said tbe old raiser, sbrugcing bis shoulders," but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my arcrsion to matrimony—and yet you go and ongrre yourself to set married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. "And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leare you this—this" tapping, as be spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if yon wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that ." " Stuff and nonsen«c I" yelled the old mat " What you knew or didn't know is perfect!.) immaterial to me. LeaTe me to my books -* . wrtlino. Tbrt's all I ask of an? So Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. "I most break myensasement," said he to himself. " That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." Josie Hall ni pitting in tbe firra-honso kitchen, peeling potatoes. She to » black eved, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eye brows, and a round, red dot of a month; and in three dark eyes glistened, a light half resentful, half anzuiib, assbe looked straight Bt Herman Frankljn. " I understand," s»id she, " yon want to break the engagement Now that your rich ancle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. ••It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the rivals of keen mortification blaiing on his cheek. " But I think perhaps it would be better for both of us " "And I haven't the least doubt of it," fias stonately interrupted Josic. with heaving breast and quivering lips. ;1 A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Tray don't' waste yonr time in conjuring up nny farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morninj." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like » whipped cur. For a day or tiro he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward—as at least he esteemed it—came at last. Mr. Miner Molinranx fell ill. Being ill, he was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently ho sent for his cousin*Franklyn, a'thlng be never would hare done in health. '• You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman I" he asked, tremulously. " Ob, there's no danger at all," reassured the yoang man, as the doctor had that morn said tbat the patient's spirts most be kept op at all hazards. " And you won't icaTe me ? " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted fortune- seeker. "But that girl that you're engaged to," crumbled Mr. Molineax; " she won't like it." " Do you tbinlc that I could persist In any thing contrary to your wishes?" reproaeh f oily asked Herman Franklyn. " The en gagement U broken." •» Good 1" croaked the old man. " Engage menu are a hnmbug, in any event. Engage ment! to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gaTe you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineanx grew wone. On the Jorth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth be became ipeecbleu. On the sixth he died. "My fortune is mode now," thought Her man, who bad listened at the door during the interriew with the lawyer, and heard di rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hang Around the dead man's neck. And be felt that .lonie had been well sacrificed. \- loa wasn't at the luneral, eh I" said Mrs. Tierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle Brt feiter'than ever through the cam bric she was hemmine. „ "Well, no," said tbe widow, "I ain't partial to funerals ia general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never taw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he I" said Mrs. Pierce. "1 don't rightly know about that," laid Widow Hall. " Uut you don't mean to say that old Molineans hadn't anything after all?" " Nothing bat • few sticks of furniture, and some rusty Coins v no decent store keeper would give change for." Tbe widow's eyea shone through her spec-1 tacle glasses. " Land o' massy I" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody bad so much to »7 about—the iron box as was willed to Herman Kranklyn. -"Just the ibeets of paper-as held i diction ary tbc nld man lia:l been writing all bis days. Manuscript, the lawyer called It, whatever that may be. He thought it wu worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heaid of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. "Humphl"aaidthe Widow Hall, "Aid *k*m igM^rajkiaji m r - , . •' I didn't sit nc.ir enough to him to rigbtly hear," said Mrs! Pierce, "'but them m did' tells me be swore an awful oath when be saw what was la the box, and flung the whole bundle on tho back of tha fire." I saw it blaio upmyself."''.": • ..{'■:.■ ■ "And was that nil!*' asked the Widow nnii/, . ; •■"..•- 11 That was all," responded her informant. "I am cad of itl" cried out Josic, jpring ing «p with sparkling eyes. -" I never was so pl.id of anything in all my life. "lie's served ripht for once." *" . Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meek and subdued.: If Joile had been a model heroine she would have thrown both hci arms around his neck and vowed that sh« loved-him better than crer. But she was only a very human little girl, ao she stood up with dignitr and said: ■ • " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all- that has transpired, Mr Kranklyn." ■■■■■: . •• But, Josic "■•■ ■•'■■■ "There is thodoor,sir I"said Josie. "Please to walk out 1" And there was nothing left for it bat tc • walk out." ■■.■■•■•■■ Old Miner Mollncaiix sleeps quietly tn t"n- Tillage pravc-yard, and public rumor ha> added yet another ghost to the spectral popu lation of tho Haunted Hoase—a yellow.vU aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carrier in his hand a padlocked box. 