FRESH TAXATION. The Treasurer finds that he cannot' make both ends meet without taxation, and so it is proposed to levy &u; income tax. We sincerely hope that this will be rejected by the House, as not only is it an expensive and inquisi torial tax, but it will Lot. return any- , thing like the amount anticipated. It is strange that among politicians' there ; should be so. much antagonism to a land tax. Land is benefited by public money being expended, and yet in these colonies it has never borne its fair 6hare of the burdens. People have taken up land in thousands of cases at a DOininal figure, and its value has been enhanced bv public works, and yet no effort is mado whereby sown of that value should be retained. The effort of land, taxew, however, is being felt, and the income tax proposals of Treasurer Cahter will not go through without a struggle, if, indeed, they are adopted at all. Electoral.— It is rumored that Cr Skinner will not stead for South Yarra, but will oppose Gr Fuller in theToorak ward. We are asked to state there is no truth whatever in the rumor, as the Mayor would not dream of opposing Or Fuller, and he intends to contest his present seat at all hazards. Adjourned Social.— The ladies1 night wHch wa6 to have bnen held last week in connection with the Booth Yarra branch of the A N A was postponed after the com mencement of festivities t.H Friday next out of respect to tl;e memory of the Jale Mrs Cljapnm»i wife of Mr E. Chapman, of Her Majesty's Hotel. Bobbery at Sooth Yabba.— The boanl inT- housc of Mis. Wright, of Laing street, SoMU Yarra, was entered by _ thieves on Thursday. IStli inst., and &i; in g..ld, the nronertvof Richard Caldcr, a boarder, car Tipdoff The money was taken from a purse which the thieves had found under a pillow. Kechabite Draughts Tournament.— In the druughta tournament now bein^ nlayed Pru'.iruj, KurlbiiuieaiiiTOuuibssrA-oli tents have all scored twelve points winning each ot their three games. The Try Boys.— The members -f the Tootak and South Yarra Try Society hold a 'special night' on Monday evening next, when a programme of gymnastics, eongs, and recitations, will be gone through the whole to conclude with a comic ecene entitled 'Tbe Area Belie,' which was performed with tbe utmost succeSB by the elocution class on a former occasion. Lectuke.— On Thursday evening next a lecture entitled ' My Trip Bound the World'1 wiil be delivered by the Rev. Jones, M. A. in the Peel-Btreet Indepen dent Church. The lecture (which is under the auspices of the Windsor Mutual Improvement Association) will be inter spersed with amusing, instructive, and entertaining anecdotes, and a large attend ance is expected. Peahban Art Uallery.— Our lively contemporary, Pvncht in the current issue, speaking or tbe brilliant opening of the local Art Gallery saye : — 'An Art institu tion of this description has been a long felt want in the southern suburbs, and its to be hoped the enterprise of Mieses Kirk wood and (-reach will be rewarded with the success lbat wbb so marked at the gathering of Thursday last.''' We are sure that the sentiments thus expressed will find an echo fiom all true Iover6 of art. BiLUARD Match.— Lovers of billiards will have a xaie treat ou Wednesday next, when Meroraott (the champion player of Australia) is to play Lovelock at Y. Oldfield's South Yarra Club HoteL TUe game is to be 1000 up (spot barred). Memmott conceding 500 points. Admission will he by compliment ary ticket, to be obtained from Mr. Oldfield on application. Lovelock has taken the billiard room at the Club Hotel, aud judging by tbe reputation be has established sbould do much to popularize the game iu this neighbourhood. Notice ok Removal.— Air. Thomas Marvin, the well- known newsagent, of Chapel .street, 'Windsor, notifies in another column that he has removed from No. 9 ' to No. 17, lour doors nearer the Windsor station. The new premises, being largo and commodious, will be found more suit able to Mr. Marvin's requirements, and amongst other conveniences which he is arranging for, the building is to be lighted with electricity. Alma Lodge U.A.O.F.— The members of this lodge, held their usual meeting on Wednesday evening last, when there waB a good attendance. Several new members were initiated, for which purpose the brethren wore regalia. The subject for the evening was entitled ' Question Box,' a large number o± questions, useful and otherwise, being satisfactorily answered. A number of visitors was present from the Charawood lodge, and the meet ing closed at 11 o'clock, after a very pleasaDt evening had been spent. Betdbk Ball. — Arrangements have been completed to hold the return ball to the Mayor and Mayoress of Prahran (Cr. and Mrs. Skinner) on Friday next, 28th inBtant., and the affair promises to prove successful in every way. Ae a curious coincidence it might be mentioned that the day set apart for the ball happens to fall on the anniversary of the wedding day of the Mayor and Mayoress, and this fact alone should be instrumental in making the event a pleasing memento to Mr. and Mrs. Skinner. Tbamwav Rating. — Mr. John HCnde, Town Clerk of Frahrao, as secretary to the Tramway Hating Conference has' convened a meeting of that body to be held in the ' Town Hall, Melbourne, on Wednesday next at 4 o'clock,' in order to discuss {lie decision of His Honor Judge 'Worrhington as to the wu.ut.or jurisdiction of the County Court to hear the appeal of the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company ; and also to consider .the notice of appeal \- against such decision which is proposed to be made by the company. It will be remembered that the appeal was dismissed on the ground -that' the County Court was not the propertribunal under the provisions of the Lafoi Government Act to heareuoh appeal, and that it should have been made to the General Sessions. A further fatal ohjection was also taken by counsel for the Ohy C uncil of Fitzroy on aocount of insufficiency of notice, which Hie Honor Also upheld. Pbahbax Council ? At the meeting (it tlie Pralirau City Council on Monday next it is expected that a deputation from Richmond will attend, for the purpose of urging the Council to rescind its resolu tion, opposing the unlocking of the unex pended portion of the flood relief money, in favor of applying it to making improve ments in the Yarra. Tbe Pi-ahrau Council at its last meeting strenuously objected that the £5000 should be applied to any other use than that originally intended, and some municipalities have since ex pressed regret that Prahran should have seen fit to have taken such action. Metropolitan Opeb.atic Sooietti — Mr. George Vale, Linton informs us that it is the intention of this spirited lyric combination to produce, at an early date, the most charming and ' fetching ' of operatic works ' Olivette ' and Mr. Li a ton states that the coming productiou, as regards effects, mounting and general completeness, will cast into the cool shades of ob'ivion all previous attemott, and to that efid, owing to the local Town Hail beiDg somewhat uosuited for the purpose from a theatrical standpoint, they will probably introduce their new work to their many patrons and admirers, in one of the Metropolitan houses, probably the Bijou. Mr. Fred Chamberlain, the so ciety's hon. Scenic Artist is nightly hard «t work, pro, ariog u series of sets in his very bust stylo, at the club's recently con structed ''dock' ia Green-street. An extensive wardrobe has also been prepared locally, and there is little doubt 'iut what ' Olivette,' under tho uble sta«e manage tnent of Mr. Clias. Truulove, will more than come up to the anticipation of tuose immediately concerned. Tee 'Possums.— These festive marsu pials left their native scrub, and aB is their wont, gathered in harmonious conelave at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel on Friday evening, 14th. inut. Mr. Hayes their pianist was unable to attend, bo Mr. David Lee kindly volunteered his services. After felicitating the members on being Austra lians, and giving them a few fatherly words of advice, he played a splendid impromtu solo on the piano, and was loudly applauded. Mr. Gamcuie was as usual, splendid in his three songs ' Let me like a Soldier fall,' ' Our Hands have met,' and 'Truetill Death.' MrBeattiewae excellent in his recitation, ' Kissing Cup's Race' and Mr Drape's c ~mic songs were also very good. Mr. Beveridge sang 'Toe Skipper' in capital Btyle, whilst Mr. Harrison's recitation 'The Fireman's Wedding ' and the soogs contributed by Messrs. Mirams, Ingel, Beasley, Grant, and Turner all helped to pass away a really enjoyable evening. Mr. T. Uoyd's solos on the mouth organ and glasses were very clever, and the club is to be commended in providing its members with a rational evening's amueement at the smallest possible cost. The next club night will be Friday 28th. July. Sodth Yabra Branch A.N.A.— The usuai fortnightly meeting ot this branch was held on Wednesday evening last, the vice-president (Mr W. L. Rubertson), occupying tbe chair. Some correspond ence of u minor character was read and dealt with, and a statement of the receipts and expenditure for the past 6ix months was laid before the meeting and adopted. On the motion of the chairman, a vote of thanks was accorded the auditors (Messrs. Sbegog and T. Robertson), the chairman paying thorn a compliment by stating that from the keonneFB in which he had hap pened to notice them digst-cling ihe ac counts, be was sure that if they had been auditors for some of our financial institu tions a number of them would not have gone bung! Regret was expressed at the death of Mrs. Chapman, wife of Mr. Chiipmun of Her Majesty's Hotel, i:nd it was decided on the motion of Mr, Buckley, to forward a letter of condolence to Mr. Chapman, he haviDg Tendered the branch many actB of kindness. A debate, 'Should the State run a lottery to dispose of the unrealizable properties in and around Melbourne !' was set down for the evening, but owing to the absence of 51r. T. W. Heide, who was to have opened the debate, was postponed to some future date. Tlie adjourned social is to be held on Friday next. Next meeting is set down as a 'Doctors' Night,' when a very pleasant and instructive evening is expected. ' Punch ' on the Income Tax,~' Why in the name of thunder should the country put on an income tax juet to find money to pay a subsidy to the municipalities of thip country ? It's about the rankest rottenness as an act of statesmanship that any man could make himself answerable for. What does it mean ? Why just this — that we take money with one hand out of tbe farmer's pocket for an income, just to pay it back again to the local councils as a subsidy. Certainly the money lenders and stock holders would be touched by a:i income tax, and not by the othur pl»n ; but it wouldn't be a difficult thing to make the dealers in cash pay their fair share of the burdens. If this country will make me treasurer for 48 hours I'll solve the problem to everybody's satisfac tion. I'll just strike off £300,000 from the municipal subsidy, and clap a light tax on unimproved lands, and the job is done. We shall pay our way and no further trouble. ' How is it that Clarke's Bw-o» Mix tube' 'has obtained such great 'popularity, is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is, that it is unquestionably the finest blood purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light, and thousands o£ wonderful cures effected, by it have stamped it as one of the most extraordinary dispen-. series of the modern times. Eemember if the blood is- diseased, the body is diseased,' Of chemists everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Caution.— PURCHASERS of CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE should see that th?y get the genuine article . Worthless imitation and substitutes are sometimes palmed off by unprincipled vendors. The words ' Lincoln and Midland Coun ties Drug Company, Lincoln, England,' ar« engraved on tbe Government Stamp, and CLARKE'S WOELD-PAMED BLOOD MIXTURE 'blown ia the Bottle, which withounone are genuine. Bkbx Farming. — It seems that there is a regular traffic in babies goini-; nn at the present time ia Prahrna. A. case was called on at the court on Thursday last, wherein it was elicited that a woman giving the name of Thyvaites, together with a man whose name is unknown, are going round to pBople and getting tnem to tike, 'just for a few days,' an infant, and then the precious paii are not again heard of. After the case which came formerly before the court had been ad |ourned, another womaa (Mrs. Annie Banks), came forward and said a woman saw her and asked whether she would go and do some washing, and she also asked her if she would mind a baby for two or three days. As her husband was out of work, she was glad to earn a few shillings, and consented. However, the woman who is making the traffic of babies a business, said ir would be more convenient if she gave Mrs. Banks the washing to do at her house, and she would pay her 10s. ior it. The washing was done, and the child n'*o handed her, and the man brought tiie 10*. for minding the baby, but she had no' been paid for the washing, and now found both the man and woman had gone. The Sergeant said they couM trace about half a-dozen children that this woin-in had imposed upon people. They wern getting from £5 to £10 to take the infa-its, nnd then passing them on to othur persons for next to nothing. The police !»elieve that tliey will be able to lay their hands upon the parties, and it is to be hoped that an example will be made ot them. R.A.O.B., Phcemx. Lodge.— The oniio a^y weekly meeting of the nbove lodge was held at Host Duff's on 17th Julv, the S.P., Sir John Hunter, K.O.M., in tho chair. In the absence o£ Primo Ireland, 13ro. Devereux officiated at th« piano, hi overture being much appreciated. Bro Cohen's song' 'On the Oontinong,' was a distinct success on his debut as a vocalist in the lodge ; Bro. Fossetti sans? ' Isle oE Beauty ;' Primo Winter's artistic rendering of the 'Skipper's Fiajj;,' as per usual, was encored ; Bro. Saunder.-i, who was suffer ing from a severe cold, recited ' Kissiag cup'inamost talented manner, and re ceived an enthusiastic encore, but in consequence of the onld B^o. Saunders excused himself ; Primo Winter again gave evidence of his versatile talent by singing 'I've been married to-day ;' Primo McKenzie's rendering of ' Mary of Argyle ' and ' My Ariel ' were duly ap preciated as being most cultured render ings ; Primo Cameron sang ' Good old times,' and in response to a deafening encore, ' The Runaway Muskeeter ;' Bro. Saunders, ever complaisant, in response to a unanimous request, sang ' Masks and Faces' and ' I'm in the chair ;' Bro. Levick sang two or three numbers and the last of the evening, '' Up went Mick McCarthy.' Mr. F. J. Arbuckle was most impressively initiated irjto Buffaloism by the S.P., assisted by Bro. Cohen. The lodge was closed in the usual manner at 11 p.m. , St. Kjlda Policf. Godet.— An assault case of GueBt v. Treverton was heard 3'esterday. Complainant, who accompanied the police in the execution o! a distress warrant, was ordered off the premises by defendant. Mr. Field Barrett, for the defence, showed thui Gne«t was tres passing ; the police having tlie matter in hand he had no riflit on defendant's prernisgs, aud Treveiloa was justified in ejecting him. The lknch was figreei), and the ease was dismissed without costs. William Child was chaitred with wilfully and obscenely exposing his person in Inkernian-grove. Several children gave evidence of a dis;j;u--'iing nature. Mr. Fisher, for the defence, argued that the 'alley at the hack of tliti -;rove was not a public place. He spoki' uo tins point at some considerable length, but the Bench considered that the act waa remarkably clear in its definitions, ami whilst it endeavored to protect innocent people from vexatious proceed inf;.-!, it was very careful to ensure the prevention of con taiiiirtatory eel* by morbidly 'iifposed offenders. The Ben;h fmtlier allowed tbe point to bu r-;ferre-l for mi expression of opinion to the C: own Law officers. They considered that every rn-otuction should be offeied to young chiiJrcn, but on the condition that the wliulfi evidence be adduced, as no defence had Lcen ollered to the offence complained of. Lodge Concebt. — There was a large gathering at the Mechanics' Institute, Prahran, on Thursday evening when the members of the George Mackie Lodge, No 18 (I.O.G.T.), held a concert of a' v«ry entertaining character. Mr, Ilton occupied the chair, and in the course of a short ad dresB made some observations in advance ment of the temperance cause. A presentation was made to Sister J. Muir and District Deputy Bro. Richards for energy shown in increasing the membership of the lodge by introducing a nnmber of new members. Mr. 3. H. Barnes scored a success in his recitation ' The New Baby,' whilst the other items rendered met with much approbation. The following was the programme : — Overture, * Sunny Smiles,' Mies F. Davies; song, 'Golden Love,' Miss J. Barnes ; recitation, 'Jennie McNeal,' Mr J. A. Davis ; duet, ' What are the wild waves saying,' Misses E. and A. Sargeant; recitation (humorous), ' Bardwell v Pick wick,' Mr W. C. Young; song, 'Sing Sweet Bird,' Mrs Moore ; duet, ' Music on tbe Wavea,' Mies 3. and Mr J. H. Barnes ; exhibition of club swinging, Mr L-. Golder; overture, 'Gipsy Countess,' Miss E. Watkina ; song, ' Why have jou ceased to love' me,' ' Miss P. Davis; recitation, ' The New Baby,' Mr J. H. Barnes ; song, ' GateB of the West,' Mr C. MeGrill ; recitation, ' How he died,' Mr D. Cameron ; song, ' Come where the Moonbeams linger,' Mrs Moore ; dialogue, 'Cromwell and Wolsey,' Messrs Martin and Ilton ; Bong, ' Harbour Lights,' Mr J. Moore ; recitation (humorous), ' Writ ing Poetry,' Mr A. Golder ; duet, ' AH a Well,' Misses Faiooner and Muir ; recita tion, ' Camden Town,' Mr J'. Bell. The Working Men's College.— This institution ia now again in fall working order, and the classes will re-open for the 3rd. term of the year on Monday, the 24th July. The low fees and high charac ter of the institution in queBtion should render it extremely popular at the present i time, when it is recollected that tbe in formation gained, is such as to render the students efficient in the direction of their work, and so capable of earning higher rates of payment. Notwithstanding the - dullness of the times over 1000 students attended last term, and it is anticipated : that there will be a larger number still during tbe term about to commence. Intending students are recommended to enroll at once and not miss the opening lectures of tbe term. Gband Military Display.— Still another ' united and brilliant effort is (o be mnde to raise funds ou behalf of that highly de serving charitable institution, viz., the Prahran, South Varra, and Toorok Ladies' ' Benevolent Societj-, when on Mouduy, 3lst iusl., * graiH Military Displuy and ' Athletic Entertainment, will be held in tho New Town Hall, Prahran. The suc cessful issue of the recent Victoria Gardens entertainment, and, later still, the success achieved by the local bcIiooIs in tlie direction of increasing tlm Society's funds, will be fresh in the minds of our readers, and a highly satisfactory re sult is beinj; looked furwimi to from the Military Display which is to take placa on Monday week nest. The affair will be under the pat ronage of His Excellency tho Governor, Oo!on«l Dean Pitt, R.A., Acting-Corn- I mandunt and officer* of the Head-quarters staff, the members for tlie district, and the Mayor and Councillors of Praiiran. A fpscially attractive programme has been prepare), and will include, amoagft numerous other items, strisingand realistic scenes from camp life, such as 'camp fire on the stage,' 'concert round the camp fire,' etc. Military bands will be in attendance, and as the price of tickets has been 6xed at the low charge of 1b , the ouly drawback that seems to present iUel£ is that the Town Hall will not be spacious enough to hoi I the numerous gathering which its certain to attand on the occasion. Council Elections. --The Prahran Councillors who retire by effluxion of time next month are as follows : — For Toorak ward, Cr. Fuller ; South Yarra ward, Major Skinner ; Prahran, ward, Cr. Ellie ; Windsor ward, Cr. Edg cumbe. Dame rumour of course is busily engaged in discussing probable contests, retiiements, and so forth, but there is every reason to believe that the retiring councillors will seek re-election, come what nvjy. A statement has been made to the effect that the Ma^or, Cr. Skinner, is to be opposed by Mr. D. B. Daly, but this can harily be correct, whoa the fact is lakea into consideration that his Worship has a numerous following in the South Yarra Ward, and no doubt Mr. Daly would think twice before entering into a contest in which he must know that he would not stand ' the ghost of a show ' of success. Great interest attaches to the question as to who is to bo the Mayor of Prahran lor the coming term. Present indications are that Cr. Win. Davies will be unanimously elected to the honor, and rumors of Cr. Skinner again standing for the Mayoral chair have not so far gaioed any credence. Mr. Ellis Stewart, as auditor.'will have strong opposition, as Mr. F. G. M1. Nichoiap, a gentleman who hafipasseii the examination of the Municipal Auditors' Board, has definitely decided to contest the position, and has already re ceived numerous promises of support. Altogether Mr. Nicholas's prospects are exceedingly bright. For the city of St. Kilda tlie retiring councillors are : — Cr. Kelly for the North Ward, Cr. Moore for the South Ward, and Mayor Jacoby for tho West Ward. With the exception that a fight may possibly take place lo gain possession of Ex-Or. Harriot's seat, matters municipal io the salubrious city are quiss cent. For the auditorship Mr. King will offer himself for re- election, and for which position no other name has yet been men tioned as a likely candidate. Nothing is definitely known as to whether there are any would-be aspirants for the position of Mayor. Tho chances at present are that Cr. Jacoby, who has made himself highly popular during his term of office as chief magistrate, will be elected for the coming year. The Mayoe's Social.— The new town hall on Tuesday evening last was crowded, and the attendance at these socials in creases, indeed (he crush was 60 great that it has been wisely deeided not to admit children under twelve years of age at future concerts. Further than this it is particularly requested that heads of families holding tickets will not in terpret the word 'family' too liberally. Of the concert on Tuesday last, by far the most attractive items wore the musical selections of that talented young player, Mr. W. J. Stock, who seems to have a surprising knack of getting music out of anything. First of all he gavo us a selec tion on the castanets, then an imitation of Irish bagpipes, followed by a remarkable selection on a lead pencil ; then a ' set of belle' was illustrated, and finally he played an overture on an ancient piano. It is needless to add that there was an imperative encore. Later on Mr. Stock gave a further illustration of his powers which was even more successful than his first part. HiB performance on the mouth harmonica was very clever, but the Chinese fiddle capped all, and the audience wae convulsed with'laughter. Madame Marie Pollard had just previously eung 'Never More,' aad Mr. Stock played the same piece on his Chinese fiddle. It may interest our readers to learn that this instru ment is of Mr. Stock's own manufacture, it being made out of a piece of cocoanut, the top of a shaving braefe, the leg of a chair and one string, an ordinary bow being used. Selections on Scotch bag pipes, a solo on an umbrella and an over ture on the zelephone wound Hp a per formance that received a double encore. ' Mr. Stock was very ably accompanied on. i the piano hy Miss Lack, a very promising pupil of Mr. Zellman. Mr. A. W. Jack's I singing was also a feature. He has a : rich musical voice, with a a;ood range, £ and his numbers, pariicufarly ' The Mighty I Deep ' aad ' Marie,' were splendidly [ given. Madame Mario PolJard sang t ' Jessie's Dream ' and ' Never More,' ! the latter being her best effort. Mr. S. f Stephen sang two songs, and the Rev. f Horace Tucker gave an interesting lee- j turette on 'How hougemont saved I Waterloo.' Mjeb Josephine Samuel! re- j cited 'The Land of Gold,' but we did not think it was quite up to her UBUal standard. In response to a very hearty encore she recited ' Tit for Tat,' which !| pleased the audience immensely. Weought 1 to add jthat owing to the illness «£ Mr. I John Romanns, Mr. John Chambers opened || the programme with a very effective piano I Beloction. The concert was brought to a I close by the audience singing ' Auld Lang 1 Syne.' m ===== | 