MORE ABOUT GHOSTS. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. '‘Then you don't beliovo in ghosts, Mr Brooke?” 44 Certainly not; but I do believe there are people who see them—in imagination. ” Such was the question put by a representa tive of the “Pall Mall,” and the answer re ceived from Mr W. F. Brooke, of Maskelype • . and Cooke’s, who the other day issued a cir cular offering to visit “haunted houses’' and lay the moat troublesome '* spook.” Mr Brooke complains eomowhat of the Psychical Rescaroh Society, and thinks that if moro activity was shown many louses that havo been empty '■•■■■ for yoars, because they have the reputation of ’ being haunted, might be lot. Ho has great faith in individual work in this line, arid is convinced that if some one wonld set himself upas a “specialist,” and ofTor to take np his quarters in the “ dread being’s own abode ” for a little time, be might easily find out then* * roal cause of tho disturbanoo, and thus do away with tho silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a had name. THE ADVENTURE OF THR STOWAWAY. 44 What was your first achievement? ” “ Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a oargo of coals for New Zoaland, hut on the day previous to the sail ing every man on hoard deserted on account of the strange noises that wore heard in the ship’s hold, and, in fact, all over tho vessel. I heard tho noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stow away was ni distress. I found out this was not tho case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, ana was soon de lighted to heat myself answered. I proceeded cauti'Misly in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap, of coals, V. ;t. feu into tho arms of thepoorUtile pig ^j^'T lost three vreokB before, and whioh had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal!” j - THE OAT AND THE HAT. 44 I suppose that in many cases animals are tho cause of theso strange noises V9 41 Oh, yes : I have had many instances of tho kind. Ono time I was sent for to calm tho fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly •* noises and rappinga that had, they assured me, 4 come out of the earth.* I found that , 1 tho sonnds proceeded from tho efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under tho doors. In . another case I was quiotly sitting in a hauntod house, with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near asuapioious-lookiug hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a littlo barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I ‘ let go.* X drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round his neck ; no moro rapping was heard there. Tho wood, I presume, had boon tied round tho poor bruto as an old dodge to snaro away its companions, and in its journeyinga it tapped against the laths and floors.” FOOTPRINTS OH THK SANDS. 4‘What aro your methods of unoarthing ‘ghosts?’ ” 44 They are very simple. I havo very aoute bearing, and can generally loento a aonnd directly Ihenr it, but if I fail to discover in whioh direction it comes from direotly, I make a minuto examination of tho doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quiotly and await the appearance of the apparition of tho sound of the creature. If it appears (it noror docs though!) and goes off again I examine the powder round tho doors for footmarks or paw-troads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a houso, and, consequently, can often detect flaws in tho building that would not be noticed except by a practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things; olotbes baskets that havo con tained wet olotbes are hung up in a warm room after washing days. They will em’t peculiar eounda to tho nervous. Loose boards under the carpota will sot many people won dering, a beetle nndtrneath a wallpaper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagina tion is the only intclleatual faculty which exercises a direct influence „on_.-_1<L^ the bodily organs, those organs being tno organs of sense. It acts bv prodooing in them, or in parts of the brain with which • thoy communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. Tho eye is most liable to ho affeoted by these false impressions, which occur in many different etatos of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. X have been in his company whon ho sees them—ha has had two or three attacks of ‘ D.T,’ ” A 44 WOMAN’S PITEOUS MIDNIfJIIT SHRIKES !” 44 Needless to say, Hr Brooko, you havo always discovered the nature and where abouts of tho 4 spirit * t ” ' 14 Yes. I have never been beaten, but I havo had sovoral tough customers to donl with. One house that 1 visited boro a very had namo. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill treated hud boon hoard by the neigh bors, as woll as by tho late occupants. I Btayed in tho house by myself ono evening, but failed to hear anything out of tho com mon, until the lady, a few minutes before twolvo, gave mo a taste of her quality. X heard herns I was sitting in tho kitchen, and then in tho room abovo ; I wont into the garden—sho was there ; I went into tho street—sho wns thero. I know she was thero, becaueo I hoard hor. X examinod the house thoroughly, but with out success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours1 searching, and I traced hor voico to tho roof. I went for it , with a ladder, and brought it down uuder my arm; tho chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of Bhapo by tbo sweep’s brush, and tho wind caueod theso nnmuBical sounds.” A MYSTERIOUS FOOTSTEP—WANTED, l! HOSTS. 4‘ By no means a pleasant job, clambering over tho roof of an empty houso?'* 441’vo had worse. I managed to unearth tho cause of tho footsteps that wero always heard during rainy weather in a largo house in High street, Boptford, somo time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wot, I discovered that tho gutter was stopped up, and tho water flowed over on i* a leaden flat and oansed tho tapping. Faces were never seen at tho windows while I stayed thoro, and two pots of “four ’arf” in formed mo that 41 tho blokes wot lived in ono of the kerrovans on the fair ground behind used to go in the houso whon it was empty i» Mr Brooko got into trouble a low years ngo by bis rather practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man; a disavowor of spiritualism and theosophy, and ho scorns ‘‘astral bodies’.” If anyono has a real ghost for sale, ho would bo ploascd to buy it; or if a haunted house can bo pointed out to him, ho will be very happy to track “spook” to its parading ground. 