Interest on Selections. - , BY wiro last evening we received the follow- ing cony of ii letter received by the Hon John Seo from the Department of Xiimds-.. In reply to your letter, forwarding iv tole-, gram from Mr. Samuel See, of Grafton, to-.: the eit'ect that " Mi-. Norrie and others inter- ested in selections desire pnvment of interest, deferred until the end of June," T; hove to» inform you that, no. general decision ? cnn be, given, hut any ease of hardship will receive? ' consideration on its merits. A separate application ntimt, /loircrrr. bc niatlc bysmib person concerned, embodying full ? partis»»- ,' lars of the conditional purchases referred; to, and the circumstances that would justify the concession nvmiiert foi-. \- WH. . HOUSTON/? Uncler-Suçi'etnry. ; . : MACIJSAN BANKRUPTCY COURT.-On Wed- nesday, before, thu District Registrar»« singlet meeting wns hold- in the estate of Hugh M'Phersnn, of Maclean. Ale. Jenkins up» ' poured for liiuikrupt, who stated that ho wished to amend his statement of affairs by . adding his lifo interest in two farms, which brought in a rental of £20 and £40 rospoc- . tively. Ho had never been insolvent Iwfore, or novor had mudo any-assignment for tho benefit of his creditors. Tho cause of his bankruptcy was owing to the pressure. at . creditors, "MASONIC INSTALLATION.-Tho members of Lodge Livingstone held their annual meet- ing on Thursday evening.; Svhen Bro. Jos. Bourne was rë-electèdîW.M; iiud installed by P.M. Hockey, who was , assisted - by Past masters.- -ThV following' officers were in- vested bv "W.M. Bourne :-Bras. Revs. J. S. Scott. S.W. ; A. M'Dougnll, J.W.; T. Lamy, secretarv : W. Folbigg, treasurer ; A. Garvan, deacon J. Macnaughtan, steward : F. Man- ning, steward : H. Bushnell, LG. The instal- lation was celebrated by a banquet, when the toasts usual to the occasion were, duly honored. There was a good attendance of Mnner-river brethren. "WESLEYAN CHURCH FAREWELL SERVIC Tho Kev. J. Scott conducted farewell servit in the Maclean Church on Sunday last, wli large congregations were ? present. In t evening a sacred musical service was rt tiered, when the following selections wt given:-Anthems: "How beautiful atp the mountains," "'Tis night on the sile mountains," "Praise Him," "The earth tho'Lord's," " Hear my cry," " I will exl thee," " Cry out and shout." Part sonn Holl on dark stream," and "Beyond t flood." Mr. Scott concluded an impress! service by speaking from the apostolic bet diction : " Tue grace of our Lord Jesus Chrii the love of God, and the communion of t Holy Ghost be with you." FLOODGATE AT CARRS CHEER.-At a mei ing of residents of Carrs Creek held on We nesday, the desirability of erecting a floe «ate over a tributary of the creek at its co nuence was discussed, and it was eventual resolved to retpiestMr. Banken, of the Boa Department to meet several of those inti ?estèd with the view of ascertaining the co .of a floodgate, which it is believed will n ?be great, while the benefit to be derivi would be great, as the volume of water n in itt ed through this creek inundates a vei '.large area of cultivation. FLOOD RELIEF.-Wo are indebted to M Lipmiin, secretary of the Grafton Benevolei Society, for the following information r ¡specthig the disbursement of the Flood Heh .grant of £500. From 1st to 31st March incl .sive, food, bedding and clothing luis bet supplied to tho extent of £11)8 : yet to be di tributad at Copmanhurst, £100 ; relief wot in preparation, £215 ; total £514. 1T1 case representing 517 people, have been tempo «rily relieved, and clothing hus beeu given I 38 families. FLOOD RELIEF TRUST.-Mr. H. Maurie secretary of the Clarence Flood Belief THIS received a wiro last night from tho Hoi John See, informing him that .tho N.S."\> Flood Belief Committee had voted £500 ft Grafton and Clarence. !?-.- . . . TALLEWADGICH CREEK BRIDGE.-We ai informed that this hridgo, recently erected i a cost of about £200, is rendered useless fe truffle, owing to tho approaches bcing.swei away by the floods. There is a large aiiioui of traine over this creek, and through'.til bridge being without approaches the ol crossing has to bo again used. It is hope the Department will* speedily have the nj proaclies reconstructed, thereby saving lime inconvenience to those who aro obliged t cross this creek. ACCIDENTS.-Mrs. H. Schafer, of tho Haw course, through n fall .a few days ago, ha thu-misfortune to break her leg near th tinkle.' On Wednesday a Ind named Benth'} residing with Miss Stttcley in Qiiecu-stroe'l hud his.left arm broken below the ,elbo\ through an Injury'sustained at a palin fence. Both patients ure recovering. CASE OP LOCKJAW.-A 12-yeur-old son n Mr. K. Gillies, of tho Coldstream, trod on rusty rake a few days since, with the resul that the case developed into lockjaw, froi: the effects of which he succumbed on 'TUM day. .. Tho remains wore conveyed to Muclcai hy the' Young Dick tm AVcdncsday, am iutcrrod, tho funeral being largely attended BALI, AND SUPPER.-There was. a larg attendance ut the social held on Monda; evening last in the Protestant Hall, Mucleaii in aid of the funds of the Maclean Baud About 80 couples were present, und dnncini was kept up till an carly hour. The mus! was supplied hy the Band, ;OXcepting a intervals, when performers oh thc inane violin and accordion rendered thc ret|tiisili assistance. The hall was tastefully' decorate! with bunting, shrubbery, and garlands o flowers. Several ladies interested in thu wei fare of the Band's finances' entered gratuit ously in n creditable nianiicr. EXCURSIONS ox EASTER MONDAY.-Tin "Woolwich was fairly patronised in an exclu- sion to tho Heads <m Monday. Proceeding! were enlivened by tho Grafton Brass Bant iilaying nt intervals during the day. Tin '.airline also ran an excursion to Yamba bj the Arms. APPLICANT PUPIL TEACHERS_As a resul of the examination of applicant pupil teach ors held-.at Grafton on 13th December last the following arc deemt'd eligible for i em ployuient-Eitiily M. E. Spring, Blnneho H M'Neale, Victoria'Slumers, Bertie C. Hark ness; Elizabeth Saunders. Alice M. Gregory Grafton ; Mary M'Auhiy, Mary C. Peoples Maclean: Albert H. Munro, . Watcrvr-'w Lily Haftenden, Ernest Beatson; Hilton T .Small, Amy T. Browne, Ulmarra ; Ernest C .B. Kearns, South Ann : Archibald G. M'Tii lies, Woodford Leigh ; George B. Campbell Upper Coldstream ; Harry M'Auhty, Yamba': Matilda Sure, Janies T. Tully, South Grafton: Archibald JJ. M'Swiui, Woodford Leigh: John O'Koefïo, Kninornit' ; .William J. M. Martin, Glenvale, Orara: Catherine Hender- son, Lawrence ; Surah A. Livingstone, Oliir eliza. : AYRSHIRE BULL PROM SOUTH COAST.-Mr, A. Eggins brought from Sydney on Tliiirs day by tho City of Grafton au IS mouths old Ayrshire bull, bred on thc South Const by the Bodalla Company, which took first prize nt tho recent Metropolitan Exhibition for best, Ayrshire lintier two years. This is suf- ficient, warrant of his superiority, and a few such animals brought to the district would speedily improve tho milking strains of our dairy herds, a result much ttl be desired. GRAFTOX M. I.S.-Them was a good attend- ance at Thursdays meeting ttl hear the debate " Which lins the most influence, in a com- munity, love or wealth." Mr. Lamplough ably advocated tho former, while Mr. Hollo- way used very good arguments in favour of wealth. There were several speakers on both sides, anti tho merits ¡mil demerits of these powerful ugents were well discussed. Wealth gained the day by ll votes to 0, Tho business of next meeting is ii mock parlia- mentary election, when five candidatos are to woo the electors for two seats in tho assembly. ACTOR V. THEATRICAL MANAGER.-At the police court, Adelaide, George Hughes, for- merly of Grafton, actor, sued Walter Bent- ley, theatrical manager, for £0 for wilges and his return fare to Sydney. The évidence showed that Hughes bad refused to lake the part of a soldier in "Hob Hoy." The claim was dismissed. SIIOCKIXO DYNAMITE ACCIDENT.-A shock- ing accident occurred at Sandy Gully, near Adelong. Joseph Bryce, a nuner, who ar- rived lately from Broken Hill, was bursting logs with dynamite, and using powder in lien of fuse. His wife upon going over from the house found him in a frightfully mangled con- dition and unconscious, having been terribly Injured by one of the explosions. ITe was brought to-town, and-on the udvice of Dr. Lyttleton, wns despatched lo the Gundagai Hospital. Tho poor fellow's hand is almost torn.to.pieces, and he lins fenrful scalp injur- ies. It is probnhlo that his sight will bo lost. He lins a wife and some children, and the family Is almost destitute. ANNUAL SESSION OP Goon TEMPLARS. The annual session of tho Independent Order of Good Templars was oponed on Monday. In his report tho Grand Chief Templar (Mr. N. T. Collins), stated that they lnul again to face a heavy falling-ofï in membership, mid unless they were content to let the order in this colony, gradually .disintegrate without nu effort, to stop the ebb of the tide, they would have to put aside all diffcreiices of opinion oh minor matters, and seo If the decrease wns preventable. There aro at iirc scnt S0:jttvenilo temples 'working, with a membership of 3307 children aim 253 adults. Number of Brothers, 1708 : number of Sisters, 1500. ' Number of adults: Brothers, 123: sisters,. 135-258. Compared;with last year, this shows an increase of ' Brothers 130, Sisters 30, and a decrease of adult mem- bers by 48. . -.- - 