¿Tire Cairns JJost. SATURDAY, AÏÊIL â'J, ÍS03. THE CAIRNS ELECTION Sr. Bf raes at the Dirisioiia) Hall. . The electors of Cairns have to choose this morning between two candidates. The Hon. T. J. Byrnes was heard at the Divisional Hall yesterday evening, and if eloquence, honesty, and straight- forward speaking can prevail, Mr. .Givens will not have the -ghost of » ehajicër We have reported Mr. GITEXS fully elsewhere, and we have now only to do with Mr."Byrnes. In speaking to the people of Cairns Mr. Byrnes completely took his audience by storm ; and by sarcasm, wit, and ability, com- pletely demolished all the arguments put forward by his opponent. He tore the reasons advocated by Mr, Givens, with reference to the Land-Grant Ballway Bill to . tatters ; showing that America had gone ahead on the game, and that Canada was following suit. Mr. Byrnes; .did not intend to enter upon the defensive business with regard to the policy of the Government, but was rather, on the offensive with respect to the assertions of the labour party. Could the labour party and its pro- gramme offer anything better than the Government had been giving the people. With respect to the policy of constructing railways on the Land grant Railway system, Mr. Byrnes carried the audience with him com- pletely, and the wildest enthusiasm pre- vailed. Wita regard to the sugar in- dustry 3fr. Byrnes was solid. He quoted the experience of Mackay and its central mills, and the records of Bundaberg, where sugar had been a great success under small farmers, with- out any Government assistance at all. Cairns . had the land and the facilities, .and could equal if not eclipse Bunda- berg. By bis sarcastic references to the probability'of the institution bf a State Bank and the Beférenduni Mr. Byrnes took his audience by storm. The labour party seemed to think that when the planter was wiped, out, thei merchant was wiped out, and every- thing ; else was wiped but in the shape of money, universal blessings YgyftjlBS^pbour agitators in _the_ !Tfail.^^"S£i!sT^^ upon the establishing of¿a State Bank as the arrival: pf ' the 'millennium/ but Mr. Byrnes reminded his hearers of the well-known fib. Aspinall, who promised to support.ai State Bank if the bank would support him. The bank de- clined the responsibility, Mr. Aspinall being a very expensive party to support, and the same answer might be given té* the . labour party.- The referendum as recommended / by the labour 'party was' very pretty, if it was taken bit by bit aud in homeo pathetic dcses. A part of the labour platform was the repeal of the con- spiracy laws, but that was part of the unwritten law of England, and the position of no working man would be safe if not protected in some way from the violence of agitators. It was the law of every civilized country, and it would protect every man. The state .of. tb» country out West had been seriously alarming, but had the shearers who obtained thc first.victory exercised their .gain wisely? An artificial rate of wages had been - created, and no one waa allowel to work unless belonging to the union. - Tyranny was exercised, and in one shed alone 27 strikes occurred, and the industry'as a whole.'*.was threatened with extinction. All improvements, all investments . af money,were stopped, but Mr. Byrnes dii not blame the real workers for this state of affairs.; they were merely led by a few agitators. He thought freedom of con- tract was the right thing, there was magic - in the _ word, and every man should have the right"totafce"" the work where and when and at the price that snited him. There was a written law proclaiming it a sin to rob a workman of - his - wages, and a -heavy penalty should fall on those who combined to/rob a man of his (employment. Thé commune of Paris had ? inflicted a vast amount of damage on. that suffer- ing city, and Queensland had seen woolsheds burnt down, while the labour agitators had smilingly : remarked, the places must have been struck' by light- ning. During that distressing period the: Government, had. upheld" the law without shedding one drop* of human blood, and had prevented .the opposing parties from (Miming to civil war Mr. Byrnes said a great deal more than we have sketched ab'ovej and what he had to say he said brilliantly well, Over and over again he roused his audience to a pitch of enthusiasm to which the place is scarcely accustomed. He scathingly criticised the policy of institution, nothing "5 any'sub^rici r was dreamt of as a substitute. Mr. Byrnes wound up his address with an eloquent defence of the Government, and not only was,a splendid vote of confidence passed, biit the most brilliant speech ever heard in Cairns carried with it three real good cheers. 