'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION P' Now, which it the worse— to hate an appe tite for your dinner, or to hmve no dinner /or i/out -appetite.1) There are lots of people on one aide or the other of this question. When 'good digei tion waits on appetite and; health on both,' that ia the ideal attitude of a person towards hit meals. Bat most of as are not bleaied in that way j we either lave too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enongh to satisfy it. ' Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to bave an appetite wiih oat a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; where as a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs'' To illustrate. We recently received a communication in whioh the writer says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he iancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived ob ? If the latter, why ? Let him dear the mystery himself. He says, 'In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I bad been signalman for twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, to that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose tbeir flavor ; the palate to put it that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. Oue thing was like another, and none was good.' My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle, and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest .and shoulders, whiob were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I wns greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as it it would choke me. ' We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstanoes our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a prioking sensation ' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, vga'ih, at times he was at taoked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. '? I dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of eating/ and many a scanty meal have I made, for I tea* afraid to eat.' 'After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this oauted me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What hn means by the fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear- of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody . dear to him. This was due as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the I life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The - night of this form ot illness is always full 1 of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverued imagination, ' With great difficulty.' he says,' I atuok to m'y work, for I had a wife and family 1 depending on me. Sol struggled on, but. what I suffered for orer two years is past my * powers of description. I dm sure noons has suffered so much as I have done. : In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of bis neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience. ? ' Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where 1 it found him he chanced to read a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Soigel's Syrup. ' My wife ' he Bays ' got me a bottle at Mr. Langstafi's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents' the ' ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole ( world to know what it did for me. I have been employed bg the Midland Railway Company for 11 years. j (Signed) 'George Hunt, ' Oar Bottom Road, ' ' Apperley, Bridge, near Leeds. , Wo publish this bv Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason, 