I THE RESURRECTION. I Uleaaedbethe God and Father of our Lord' I JeauB Ohriat, which according to his nbundaht. % hath begotten ue again unto a lively hope- i hy the resurrection of Jesua Christ .from the I — 1 iPeter i. 3. ! There are several very solemn and moat i ®®®fortable trnths put before as in these words. But I do not propose a fall con sideration of them all. The timo wonid fail . ns. I would only in general observe, that they are words which conld be need in sin cerity by no one who had not tasted that the Lord Is gracions. None can really bless " the God and Father of onr Lord Jesns Christ," nnlesa they are "enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and are . , made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and have tasted the good word of God, aad the powers of the world to oome." (Heb. vi. 4, 5.) The . , , tongne of an nnbeliever may join in this langnage of praise to the FatWr for the gift of Christ ; but, having no heart in the thing, he has "neither part nor lot in this matter" (Acts viii. 21). The whole Gospel is a sealed book to those who experimentally know not the traneformiog, enabling, and eanctifying . power of it. As St. Panl writes npon another occaaion, "When thou sbalt blesa with the Spirit, how shall he that oconpieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he nnderstandeth not what thou sayest ? " (1 Cor. xiv. 16.) Of all the wonderful events which marked the Saviour's abode upon earth, when he came to seek and save those who were lost, there does not appear one for which so much was done to make it clearly proved by its evidence as his resnrrection. It had been obscurely, foretold to the Old Testament Church ; "Thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corrnption." It was plainly foretold by Christ himself before he suffered. It was a fact of the deepest conseqnence to be thor onghly established. For "if," as St. Paul reasoned, "Christ be not risen, then is onr preaching vain, and yonr faith is also vain. And if Christ be not raised, yonr faith is vain ; ye are yet in yonr sins. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished " (1 Cor. XV. 14, 17, 18). It was therefore of the last importance that it ehonld be shewn of Christ according to the Soriptnres, not only that he " wae delivered for our offenoee," bnt that he " was raised again for onr jnstifi- cation " (Rom. iv. 25). Hence it has pleased our heavenly Father that the fact of the resnrreotion ehonld be proved by a chain of snob strong and reason able evidence, that even enemies have been compelled to acknowledge it. It has been proved against all that hnman wisdom and hellish spite conld contrive against it. It was proved by the angels ; it was proved by the confeseion of the Roman soldiers who guarded the sepnlcbre ; and so entirely was their testimony believed as to the fact, that the Jewish rulers invented a falsi hood to contra dict it, and bribed the soldiers to publish that - falsehood. It was proved by the eingle testimony of some of the apostles, and by the nnited teetimony of them all. It wae proved by the testimony " of above five hundred brethren at once" (1 Cor. xv. 6). It was proved by the testimony of the eye, the ear. and the hand: "That," saitb the apostle, which we have heard, which we:havo seen with onr eyes, which we have looked npon, and onr hands have handled" (1 John i. 1). The conseqnence has been, that ail who pro fess to believe Christianity believe the fact of Christ's resnrrection. \- Bnt, with many, here it stops. It goes no farther than to oonvinoe their reason that ! Christ's resnrreotion is snffioiently proved, by '..the evidence to have taken place: "That a notable miraole hath been done is manifest to all them that dwell in Jernsalem ; and we cannot deny it " (Acts iv. 16). The miracle is acknowledged ; bat the affections are not ' moved by it, the life is not infinenced by it. It brings no personal conviction of the deep interest which the sonl now has, and the sonl and body hereafter shall have, in this great truth: "Now is Christ risen from the dead, : and become the first-fruits of them that ..slept" (1 Cor.'xv.20). Then, again, many believe the resnrrection of Christ not only as an established faot, bnt as a certain pledge of the general resurrection in the last day: Christ's resnrrection, they V feel, plainly shews that, " as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive" (ver. 22). Bnt here they also stop. The belief of their own resurrection has no effoot npon their will ; and they oon sit down con tent to hear the solemn oonseqnence of the general resnrreotion, "some to everlasting life, and eome to shame and everlasting oon- ' tempt " (Dan. xii. 2), withont being at all moved by the thought of so great and so certain a result. They cannot look forward with tho certain hope of holy JobCxix. 25-27). How different a view does St. Paul give ns of what the belief of the resnrrection of Christ, as the pledge of onr own, ought to produce npon the soul! "We are buried : with him by baptism into death : that like as Christ was raised np from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also shonld walk in newness of life" (Rom. vi. 4)._ St. Paul ahewsthat there must be a conformity of the soul to Christ while it is in the fleshly body, if we would be partakers of the glorified body "at the resnrreotion of the jnat." "If," he says, "we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in , the likeness of his resarreotion " (ver. 5) ; and hence he leads us to that plain practical precept " Reckon ye yonrselvee to bs dead indeed unto ein, bnt alive unto God through : Jesus Christ onr Lord" (ver. 11). Nay, he ' goes further. He shews that the spiritual application of the trnth of Christ's resnrreo tion to ourselves, is a proof of car being raised from the death of sin unto a life of righteoasness ; "If ye then be risen with . Christ, eeek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God" (Ool.iii. 1). Henoe we see that a real and joetifying belief of the death and resurrection of Jeans Christ aots immediately npon the will and the affeotions. We may have an intelleo'nal belief of the fact ; bnt it is tho inward opera tion of the Spirit which alone gives life and power to the doctrines of grace. " It is the Spirit that quiokenoth ; the flesh profiteth nothing : the words that I speak unto yoo, they are spirit, and they are lifo" (John vt. 63). Unless we have each a sense of the power of Christ's resnrrection as shall bring ns to feel that we have a psreonal interest in it, we do not savingly believe it. It is im possible that we can as yet believe that Christ rose " from the dead, that rspentanoa and remission of sins ehonld he preached in his name" (Lake xxiv. 46, 47), unless wo so far feel oureelves sinners, and indebted to him for pardon, peace, and futnre glory, as to feol personally intorested in acknowledging that he died and was buried , and rose again for us. It is only then that faith becomes that active principle in the sonl which Abra ham had when " it was imputed to him for righteousnees ; " and of which it is testified that to us also "it shall be imputed, if wa believe on him who raised up Josas our Lord from tho dead " (Rom. iv. 22, 24). But, my brethren, where is this faith, thia true and lively faith, seen ? Tho Gospel- mossage, in the death and resnrreotion of Jesus Christ, for the salvation of the lost sinner, is freely, and fully, and coustantly spread out before us. Bat who receive it ? Who really believe it ? Whore are those who shew themselves buried with Christ in his death, and qnickoned into spiritnal life by the power of his resnrreotion? Where are those who cast all their care upon him? Surely we must still ask, in reference to the constant Gospel-message, and to the little leaven of real and spiritual religion among ne, " Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the Ljrd revealed?" (Is. liii. 1.) " Faith," BJith the Scriptures, " ccmolh by hearing" (Rom. x. 17). Bnt not by every hearing. There are many hearers; but few. converts to the truth of ChtHt ornoified. Many sit under the Gospel ; but few receive it. It is now as it ever was : " Go onto this people, and say. Hearing ye ahail hear, and shall not nnderatand ; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive : for tho heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are fall of hearing, and their eyes have they cloeed" (Acts xxviii. 26, 27). Thero is a dreadful delnsion npon living eonis, which oanses so many to remain, amidst the fnll blaza of Gospel- light, as those who " ait in darkuesa ; " and, what is far more dreadful, this is bnt the forarnnner of the eternal night of darkness, torment, and despair, which will come upon them when their day on earth eiiall have passed away. When that night comoth, the day of Gospel-light will retnrn no more for ever. Would yon, ray brethren, who are now involved in this spiritnal blindness, desire to escape this eternal night ? Ton may In Christ. By the power of " tho reenrreotion of Jesns Curist from the dead," yon may be " begotten again unto a lively hope." It is a oovonant- engagement from God yonr Sivionr, that if you dy "for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before " you, you shall " have " that " hope as an anohor of the soul," beoause It; " entereth into that within the veil ; whither the forernnner is for as entered, even Jesns ' (Heb. vi. 18-20). But this is no new thing which yon hear of the power of Chris. 'a resnrrection, however dead your sonl may be to any real sense of its vital inflnence. This great day of the feast, thia morning of the resnrreotion of Christ from the grave, has retnrned to yon onoe more ; and yon hear the truth of what the angel said of the newly risen Savionr to those who first sought him at the sepulchre : " Ye seek Josns of Nazareth, whioh was cra- cified ; he is risen; he is not here" (Matt, xvi. 6). This triomphant morning once more proolaims the great event. This is the third day since those things were done wherein be poured out his soul nnto death. YsHterday be lay in the grave ; and early on this first day of the week he fnlfilled in himself the great prophetic deolaration of the Savionr of sinners : " I will ransom them from the power of the grave ; I will redeem them from death : 0 death, I will bs thy plagues ; 0 grave, I will be thy deatrnotlon " (Hob. xiii. 14). Bnt to many, I fea<-, this day comes ronnd, and finds them where they were; still ig norant of any saving knowledge of Chris , still " afar off," " strangers and foreigners, " "etrangers from the covenants of promise, having no " saving " hops, and withont God in the world." Many oome to hear of thn resurrection of Christ ; bnt when they bear, they are net persnaded to close with the gracions offer of this glorified Savionr. When he is set forth from the Soriptnres in all hia fnlness of meroy, power, and love, the mind, as in former times, of many still shrinks from accepting him. " He came onto his own, and his own received him not" (John !. 11). So now, when held up as the graoions and all- snffioient Savionr, a friend of sinners, the inward thought of many still is, " He bath no form nor oomeliness ; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we shonld desire him " (Is. liii. 2). But while many reject Christ as the Savionr of sinners, beoause they are not so oonvinoed of sin as to feel their need of any Savionr, there are eome who deoeive themselves with s. vain hope, that they believe in and accept Christ, beoanse, in these days of abonnding Gospel-knowledge, they nnderatand thn general plan of the Gospel of onr aalvation. The resnrrection of Christ, when trniy be lieved, has a power pecaliar to itaelf in iafin- encing the inner man. And nnlesa, my bre thren, that power is made manifest in yoa. the ontward acknowledgment at the fact ot the resarreotion will not avail yon any thmg The very persons who pat Christ to dea h.' ''and stood near his cross to feast "their eyes with bis last agonies, confessed his power ; ' " He saved others." Bnt the Inference drawn > from' this forced acknowledgment was one "which cnly added to their gnilt, and would help to shut tbemeelves np in final nnbelief. Beware, my brethren, of this great delnsion ; and never pnt the confession of scriptural ' facts in the place of a heartfelt reception of scriptural dootrinee. These doctrines of grace are the life of the sonl ; bnt it is only when they are engrafted upon the inner man by the power of the Holy Ghost. Some of you so receive them. You ac knowledge not tho fad only, but" tba power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Live mind ful of this great and glorious privilego and Bonship ; this spiritual union with your cove nant Head. Shew your hope to be in Christ orooificd in weakness, but raised in power. Live like persons who, In heart and mind, have already ascended np to that place whither your all-merciful Saviour is gone before. Pray not only to be kept free from " ungodly and worldly Inets," so that they shall not have dominion over yon, but that you may have grace, in these perilons and deceiving times, to "live soberly, righteously, and godly." Study tho holy word of God, that 'youF hope, from the resurrection of your ' Lord, may become more and more a lively hope. Never rest satisfied in any thing short of that power from the Spirit, which shall cause yon to be numborrd among those, who, in heart and soul, as well as in their outward creed, are living upon the promises, and adorning the doctrines of the Gospel, "look ing for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ " (Tit. ii. 12, 13). It is in the consolations of bis grace thus made manifest to tho Bonis of his people, whereby, amidet all their confiicts against sin, against all their fears, and against the power of all their epiritnal enemies, they ore still enabled, with understanding and affection, to proolaim, " Blessed be the God and Father of onr Lord Josns Christ, which, according tobisabnndant mercy, hath begotten ns again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jeeus Christ from the dead." 