LECTURE ON THE POET, BURNS. As we announced in last Friday's issue Mr. R. C. Mackay gave a very interesting lecture in the Masonic Hall on the 24th ult., before the members of the Caledonian .Society and their friends, the Bubject being " Robert Burns." At the request pf a number of our readers, we now publish an ex tended report of the speaker's scholarly discourse. In prefacing his remarks, Mr. Mackay said : — Someone has said, "Let me have the writing of the peoDle'e songs, and I care not who has the making of their laws." In every country, and in all ages, the charm or fervenoy of song, when it appealed directly to the affections or the passions, has exercised an overpowering in fluence for evil or good in the moulding of manners, and even in some sort in swaying legislatures. In France during the Revolution, immediately preceding the empire of the first Napoleon, song worked so powerfully on thou sands of the actors in that dratna that they plunged into all kinds of excesses, and more recently the songs of Beranger exercised an immense softening influence on the minds of his countrymen, and national ideas and family attachments became more firmly rooted by means of them. In the American and Franco- Prussian wars song was impressed into the \- service of patriotism. From the vengeful peal of the 'Marseillaise,' and the more sober, but not less determined, 1 Watch on the Rhine,' and from our own ' Scots' wha hae' ' to the march of 'John Brown's Soul,' we can judge by the lurid light of battle history whai in fluence song has had on the soldier. The inde pendence alike of the Swiss mountaineer and the Scottish highlander are as much attributable to the national sentiment of their songs as to their free air and rugged hills. And to the authors of such poetry what a rich reward ! When Goethe was one day wandering through the fields he heard a peasant Binging, ' Keunst du das land,' and he relates that that tribute tG his own poetic genius in the mouth of n ploughman was to him more than all the criticism of the learned, or the court and homage of all the sovereigns throughout Germany, and that then for the first time he felt that he was indeed a poet. And what Beranger and Goethe did for their respective nationalities Robert Burns has done for Scotland ; and wherever a Scotsman or woman exists, or wherever their descendants are found and Burns read, there the love of the land of the mountain and flood will be found to exist also. Whether amid the snows of Canada, or under the burning sun of the tropics, or jn this' fair land of our own — and though no actual recollection or remembrance remains stamped on the brain, nnd no clearer impression of the land of our sires be present than that gained from „ idyll and story — still the heart warms to the old land of chiefs and songB, though — From the lone shieling on the distant island Mountains divide us and a world of seas ; Yet still our hearts are true, our hearts are high land, In dreams we yet behold the Hebrides. Burns songs ore full of affection, filling the heart with love of home, making it the happiest and most sacred spot on earth ; love of the earth itself, which repays the labor of our hands and the sweat of our brows by filling our arms with its teeming abundance ; love of the various domestic creatures which look to us for sus tenance, and repay us by tl e food aud clothing with which they Bupply us ; love for nature in every form, whether in storm or sunshine, in the gloom of winter or in the bloom of summer ; and love for the gracious and bountiful Creator, whose hand universal nature in our harmonious chorus proclaims divine. BURNS' BOYHOOD. On the 25th January, 1758, in the Valley of the Doon in Ayrshire, a baby was born destined to rank, even in bis first youth, amongst the greatest and truest of national poets to which the world had yet given birth. On the night of bis advent o great Btorm raged over the valley, blew down the gable of the rough mud-walled cottage in which his parents dwelt, and mother and child, through pelting rain and pitiless storm, had to be carried for shelter to the nearest bnt, and there Robert Burns spent his first night. This birthplace of Burns' was a haunted spot — ghosts and goblins were as common as crows. There were witches and warlocks, brownieB and kelpies, elves and imps, and as the future poet's childhood merged into boyhood stories of super, natural and unearthly beings — of haunted kirks and spirit voices, told in song and anecdote by Lis mother — ballads of the haunted neighbour hood where they lived, and wild traditions of the past eagerly listened to — and, no doubt, implicitly believed — gave a weird cast to his childish fancy ; and so lie grew up surrounded by the super- earthly and tl>e mysterious. He saw lights on da<k nights in hi ruined windows of Alloway's auld haunted kirk, afterwards to be seen by the many thousand readers of ' Tam o' Shahier,' and as he grew older other influences inspired his muse — the company of bright, youtbfal, handsome witches of solid flesh who worked beside him in the harvest field, or wandered with him through the corn. EARLY MANHOOD. When he was 22 he went to learn the business of a fiaxdresser, and during this time his father died, and then BurnB entered into partnership with his brother and removed to Mossgiel, and it was here he became distinguished for his poetical powers. It was here, too, he con tracted his marriage with the ' Bonny Jean' of so many of his songs ; a marriage held as valid in the Civil Courts of Scotland as any solemnised in the church. Unfortunately Burns incurred the anger of Jean's father by severely lampoon ing the prejudices of a party in the church, to which that worthy man belonged, and giving way to his anger, the father det.-rinined to punish what he considered Burns' irreverence at the expense of his daughter's repntalion. He burned the lines proving and establishing the marriage, and tore his daughter from the repro bate scoffer who dared to laugh at his long cherished prejudices. Here indeed was an un bearable suffering, a bitter grief, and how heartfelt the affection he poured out in hid song ' 0 a' the dirts the wind can blow,' as he looked despairing on the cottage where his Jean was kept away from him, and wiiere ho dared not enter. How forcibly lie describes that ' day and pjght his fancy 'e flight is ever wi' his Jean.' I see her in the dewy flowers, I see her sweet and fair ; I hear her in the tunefu' birds, I hear her charm the air.; There's not a bonny flower that springs By fountain, shaw, or green, There's not a bonny bird that sings, But minds me o' my Jean. What sighs and vows among the knowes Hae passed between us twa. How fond to meet, how wae to part, That night she gaed awa'. XUc puwcta dUUUU V1JAJ nwu To whom the heart is seen. That nane can be sae dear to me As my sweet lovely Jean. Whether his miserable situation inspired him with the poetic fire 'twould be useless to specu late, but in two years lie finished the poems which have gained him a world wide reputation, and which from that hour to this have formed the solace and the delight o'f every one of their appreciative renders. It bus been urged against ' Burns that he allowed himself too much license in his attacks on what appeared to him pretence amongst some of the professors of that faith which from earliest childhood he had been taught to reverence. The enthusiasm which at a former period had been the mainspring and stay of civil and religious liberty had degener-r ated in some quarters, into a narrow bigotry, and there were sticklers for rigid form who cavilled at small departures from external decorum, but who left the greater enormitieB of life untouched and unreproved. With an out ward show of propriety and sanctity tiiere was too often found combined a large amount of dishonesty and immorality, and some, even members of the kirk, although they were the descendants of the men that driven by persecu tion from their sanctuaries were forced, if they met for worship at nil, to worship on the wild moor or in the secluded glen, or in the caves and dens of the earth, yet forgot the example and true piety of that noble ancestry, and degener ated into a sour pharasaism, forgetting alike the teachings of the great founder of Christianity, and of his great apostle who inculates charity as the greatest of the virtues. It was such as these that Burns ridiculed in his satires, and lashed with his wit, and enraged by his fearlessness. Oh, ye wha' are sae guid yersel, Sae pious and sae holy, Ye've nought to do but mark and tell Your neebor's fauts and folly. Ye see your state wi' theirs compared, And shudder at the niffer, But cast a moments fair regard, What maks the mighty differ ? Then gently scan yonr brother man, Still geutler sister woman, Though they may gang a keruin wrang, To step aside is human. Here was a man smarting under the greatest calamity that could befall an affectionate heart — his wife tore from him and needlessly and unjustly and cruelly forbidden to see him. It is unjust to call the too rigid father a fanatic, or deny that bucIi action could be justified by any law divine or human. The awakening of men's minds within the century to inquire into, and weigh and judge what is just and right and reasonable, has gone far to do away with the necessity for such literary chastisement as Burns dispensed to the false and hollow pretenders of his day. Men are now judged pretty closely, and trusted for what they are, and not for what they seem to be. Burns' designs in his satires was not to ridicule or degrade the sacred, but to rescue it from a pretence and hypocrisy that weakened its influence. 'The Holy Fair' — one of the finest specimens of satire — is a tremend ous picture of the sin and folly that flourished under the cloak of religion, and when presented for scrutiny it was found that the presentment was true, and acknowledged with sorrow to he but a faithful portraiture of a hideous fact. This, as well as many other of his pieces, ap parently reckless or profane, when read by the light of history will he found to have been prompted only by a virtuous indignation. But, apart from all this, there is a charm in Bums' poems for his countrymen. It is their 'Scotch- nesB.' Each reads in his own loved dialect all that wit, hnrnor, wisdom, love, or patriotism can express in rhyme. They are true yet idealised representations of rustic life and feeling. They are calculated to exercise a refining and purify ing influence on our habits and sympathies, nnd although some critics profess to consider them inelegant aud incorrect, it must be remembered that they were written a hundred years ago by a poet, nascitus not fit, a ploughman, one of the people, horn and reared beside the banks and braes of bonny Dcon. Many bitter things have been said about Burns' love of conviviality, and alas that it should have to be recorded, he paid the dreadful penalty of being the wittieBt of pleasant companions, by being continually in demand. To a man like Burns, young, ardent, entertaining, constantly in request where wit flashed and wine sparkles, the wear and tear upon the braiii must be over powering. Burns found out when too late that Solomon's warning would have been worthy his regard, 'Look not on the wine when it is red, when it moveth it self aright, when it giveth its color to the glass ; for at the last it stingeth like a serpent and biteth like on adder.' Many dull and silent topers can drink and drink without a syllable passing their lips, glass after glass, and they make no sign, until steeped and sodden they Bink into bestial insensibility. But with Burns, it set his tongue and heart in flame. He poured out wit, satire, and ballad in endless profusion, and the very memoiy of his excesses were pre sented in some of .hiB songs, and became as sure of immortality as the songs themselves. But let any who may be disposed to uncharitably criticise gifted, ardent Burns remember the times in which he lived. It was no uncommon thing to see noblemen Btaggering in the streets, and judges brawling in taverns. ' Drunk as a lord' was at that time a truer parallel than drui k as a larrikin would bo nowadays. Even Burns might have escaped censure had he been one of the rich ones of the earth, but he was a ploughman, or one of the dull ( nes of the earth, but he was only a genius. Why should his soul shine and sparkle and scintillate ? Why should be not bow before the wealthy and stand dumb before the titles ; hut he did neither, and recog nising only the equality of true and worthy manhood, he averts his glorious privileges. Is therefore honest poverty, That hangs his head and a' that, The coward slave we pass him by, We dare be poor for a' that. For a' that, an' a' that, Our toil's obscure and a' that, The rank is but the guinea's stamp, The man's the gowd for a' that. Courted as Burns had been in Edinburgh, flat- tired by the great and sought after by the wealthy, who appraised his genius only for the plensure it gave to themselves, he indulged in expecta<i ns which were never to be realised. Driven by adverse circumstances to accept a sub ordinate situation in the excise, what do we find ? His salary was just £70 a year, he had a numer ous family to keep, he had an impulsive disposi tion that led him to say true things more bitterly than was pleasing to some to whom flattery was as necesoary as. breath to their nostrils, and they showed their resentment by retarding his advancement, and under the combined influences of poverty, dependency, disappointment and discontent, he unfortunately sought to forget in unhealthy excitemont the penally he had to pay for his independence of speech. And t his was the sum of the indictment against him. He has never been accused of neglecting his wife, his children, or his duty. Never charged with de ceiving his friends, never taunted with; having fawned or cringed or lied, never blamed at hav ing scorned lire Christian's hope ; nnd who are we that we should judge him ? ' Who art thou that jtidgesl ?' says the great Master. 'Why be boldest thou the note that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ? Who made the heart, 'tis He alone Decidedly can try us ; He kuows each chord its varying tone, Each spring its varying bias. Then at the balance lot's be unite, We never can adjust it ; What's done we partly 'may compute, But never what's resisted. An overwhelming revolution in America by which Groat Britain lost her colonies had been folly completed in that country, and another revolution carried on with far groater ferocity was raging in France. The spirit of resistance io tyranny was everywhere manitesting itself. Then as now there were to be found many young, ardent, sincere men, but hasty and imprudent, who would do away altogether with the old and substitute a new order of things, without first having calmly and dispassionately considered how such change a ould be brought about. Then as now there we e reform dubs, and pat riotic clubs, and native associations. But not then, as now, wbb every man at liberty to con- vert his neighbor if he could to his owe way of thinking, without fear of losing his livelihood or gaining the liberty of a prison. And Burns' young, ardent, and inexperienced, convinced that reforms were necessary, lent his genius to help to effect them ; tint not only this, he was suspected of Jacobite tendencies, and indeed his Heron Ballads may justify such suspicion. Of whatever indiscretion of speech or writing Burns may have been guilty, a letter came to him from his superiors warning him ' that he must neither see nur hear nor think about public matters, nnd that whatever might lie men or measures if was his duty to be silent and obedient.' It is true, says Allan Cun- ningham, that he hated with the most cor dial hatred all who presumed on their own consequence, whether arising from wealth or titles ; generally spoke of them as feather-headed fools, who could but strut, stare, and be insolent. It is true that he wrote better words of that combination of princes who desired to put down freedom in France — that he said the titled Bpurred and the wealthy switched England and Scotland like two hack horses ; aud that all the high places of the land instead of being filled by genius and talent were occupied, as were the high places of Israel, with idols of wood or of Btone. But all this hardly deserved to be re- sented by depriving him of the miserable employment of 'gauging auld wives barrels.' which the government of Scotland gave to the greatest poet of his century. What can he more touching than the letter he wrote to Graham of Fintry, thus : — ' I have been confounded nnd distracted by Mr Mitchell, the collector, telling' me that he has received on older from your board to inquire into my political conduct, uud blaming me as a person disaffected to ihe Government. Sir, you are a husband and a father; you know what you would feel to see the much loved wife of your bosom and your helpless prattling little ones turned adrift in the world, degraded and disgraced from a situation in which they - had been respectable and re spected, I would not tell a deliberate falsehood ; no, not even though worse horrors than those mentioned, if worse can be hung over my head, and I say that the allegation, whatever villiun. has made it, is a lie. To the British constitution on revolution principles next, after my God, I am devotedly attached. To your patronage as a man of some genius you have allowed ma a claim, and your esteem as an honest man I know is my due. To these, sir, permit tne to appeal. By these I adjure you to save me from that misery which threatens to overwhelm me, and which with my latest breath I will say I have not deserved.' His political offence was forgiven, but all hopes of official promotion were blasted. In these enlightened days of one man one vote, re- constructod hanks, and labor representatives, and when we are on the very eve of inilleniuin of prohibition, woman's suffrage, and federation, such trivial matters as finding fault with the government or libelling Premiers could not possibly entail bucIi serious consequences as befell poor Burns, especially when within the sacred precincts of our own legislative chambers it is quite fashionable for honorable members to sneer at each other as veteran blackguards and bald-hended philoso phers. But Burns lived anterior to these modern timeB, and the neglect of his country, the tyranny of hie employers, and the downfull of his hopes and fortunes told on his super sensitive nature, and lie became ill. Fears of being arrested for a paltry debt haunted him on his deathbed. Poverty was all around him. His bonny Jean — what was to become of her? His four children — who would take care of them ? His brain was racked with struggling thoughts, the seal of death was on his forehead. What could physicians avail ? Who can administer to a mind diseased ? Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow ; Raze out the written troubles of the brain, And with some sweet oblivious antidote, purge the stuffed bosom of the perilous stuff that weighs upon the heart V He died on the 31rI July, 1796, having lived just 37 years. There was hardly a cottage in Scotland where was not a copy of his songs. Many a thousand stoat yeomen have laughed at his 'Tam O'Slianter,' and roared at his 'Jolly Beggars.' Many a thousand honny lasses have wept for the memory of his Jean. His fame still lives and burns through this wide earth wherever Scotsmen are found, and bis songs will still be sung and his memory cherished while ever the English language continues to be spoken. When it was too late the nation found out the worth of the man it allowed to die in poverty and distress. A public funeral was accorded to all that remained mortal of the Scottish bard. Enthusiasm became universal when assistance was no longer needed. His body was lifted from the grave in which it was originally deposited. It was placed within a splendid monument, and basts of Ihe ploughman bard are now as numerous as the volumes of his songs. The poet himself is in the land of the leal. BURNS POETRY. Having given a brief and hasty sketch of his life I must now turn to his poetry — not with a view to criticism, because that would be out of the question. As well criticise the bloom of the rose or the song of the thrush. Burns' poetry is made to be read and remembered ; his songs to be sung and revelled in : his verses to be felt, not criticised. What pathos, what sorrow, what deep. down heart feeling is in his ' Highland Mmy.' Mnry Campbell was a young aud lovely girl to whom he became attached at a very early period. They wore both poor, but thoughts of wealth never darkened their dreams. They resolved to wed, and exchanged vows of constancy and love. They plighted iluir vows on the Sabbath to make them more. sacred. They made them near a hum where they couried, that open nature might he a witness. They made them over an. open Bible to show the solemnity cf their thoughts. And when they had thus done they both took water in their hands and scattered it in tiie air, to intimate that as the stream was pure so was their intention. They parted when they did this, nnd they never met again. She died in a burning fever during a visit to her relatives to prepare for her wedding, and all that he had of hers was a lock of her long bright hair and her Bible, which she had exchanged for his. Hear how lie laments his lost love — How sweetly bloomed the gay green birk, flow rich the hawthorn blossom, As underneath their fragrant shade I clasped her to my bosom. Thegolden hours on angel wings, Flew o'er me and my dearie ; For dear to nie as liglit and life . - Was my sweet Highland Mary. But, oh ! fell death's untimely blast, That nipped my flower "so early. "'Now green's the sod, and eauld's the clay, That wraps my Highland Mary. Oh, pale, pale are those rosy lips, l oft hae kissed sae fondly, And closed for aye the sparkling glance That dwelt on me so kindly. . And mouldering now in silent dust The heart that lo'ed me dearly ; But still within my bosom's core Shall live my Highland Mary. Burns' style is peculiarly his own, whether in the grae pathetic, moving cadence of the song just part given or his address to ' Mary in Heaven ' ; or the lively, gay, rollicking abandon of his 'Jolly Beggars' ; the intense feeling in his liues to a moun tain daisy throughout the nine stages beginning — Wee-modest crimson tipped flower, Thou's met me in an evil hour, For I. maun crush among the stoure thy slender stem : To save thee now is past my power, thou bonny gem. The merciful humor of his parting address to tho Deil, where he hopes, yet fears to hope, that even for him there might be a corner to tune — But fare ye well, auld Nickie Ben. 0, would ye talc a thocht an' men — Ye aiblina miclit — I dinua ken, Still hae a stake, I'm wae to think upon your den, E en for yere sake. Does he write sonnets to his charmers of the harvest field, draw animated sketches of the sports and superstitions of Halloween, and the jovialities of roving tramps and travelling tinkers, it is all done so well — the pictures are so masterly drawn, the lights and shades and all the details so fully filled in and brought out, that ploughboy and milkmaid, alike with the more cultured aud critical, without any effort, understand, admire, wonder, and delight in the grand simplicity of these marve'lous word pictures. If ever poet held the mirror up to nature it was "Burns. In his story of ' Tam 0' Shanter,' with which you are all familiar, his description of Tain's wife's remoustranee, and the moral he draws therefrom, I think just exquisite. He first de scribes how neighbours when they meet over the social glass forget time and responsibility — ' While sit boozing at the nappy, An' gcttiu, fou' an' unco' happy, We think na on the lang Scots miles, The mosses, waters, slips, and styles That lie betwixt us and our hame, Where sits our sulky, sullen dame Gathering her brows like gathering storm, Nursing her wrath to keep it warm.' And then he addresses Tam — ' 0, Tam, hads't thou but been sae wise As ta'en thy ain wife Kate's advice, She tauld thee weel thou Wast a skellum, A blethering, blustering, drucken blellum : That frae November till October Ae market night thou was na sober. That ilka melder wi' the miller Thou sat as long as thou had siller. That every naig was ca'd a shoe on The smith an thou got roaring fou on, That at the Lord's house, e'en on Sunday, Thou drank wi' kirten jean till Monday, She prophesyed that late or Ooon Thou would be found deep drowned in Doon, Or catched wi' wailocks in the mirk By Alloway's auld haunted kirk.' That's the advice, and then the moral — Ah, gentle dames, it maks me greet To think how mony counsels sweet How many lengthened sage advices The husband frae the wife despises.' It would bo altogether impossible within the limits of a. paper to illustrate the thousandth part of the beauties contained in his poems, his songs, and his ballads. What more beautiful tribute to his wife's influence on his heart aud brain than in the con cluding stanza of that exquisite epistle to his friend Aiken, in which he records his thankfulness for his re-union- with his beloved wife Jean, now happily restored to him — Oh all ye powers who rule above, Ob, Thou, whose very self art Love, Thou kuowest my words sincere. The life blood streaming this my heart, Or my more dear immortal part, Is not more fondly dear. And in another song addressed to her observe how the thoughts condense themselves to the one pur pose of pouring out his affection. By night by day, afield at hame, The thoughts o' thee my breast inflame, Aud aye I muse and sing thy name, I only live to love ttiee. Tho' I were doomed to wander on, Beyond the sea, beyond the sun, Till my last weary sands were run, Till then aud then I love thee. And how beautiful are his ballads. "What a land scape of wintry desolation is presented in his open ing stanza of ' Nannie O.' The wintry sun behind the hills where the river flows among moors and mosses, the loud and shrill blasts of the westerly winds, the mirk and rainy night, and the lover wrapped in his plaid trudging his way through the icy air to keep tyrstwith his sweetheart. Then his ballad narrative — Last may a braw wooer cam doon the lang glen, An' sair wi' his love he did deave me. I said there was nactliing I hated like men. The deil gang wim to believe me And so on. Every verse of it might serve as a sub ject to be portrayed on canvas, aud so with all his poetry. There are many other ballads which it could be a pleasure to quote, and many of the poems also, but time will not permit. I cannot, however, close this pnper without some reference to the ' Cottar's Saturday Night' — a poem read and prized wherever Euglish classics have found their way, and which has been translated into every language in Europe. This masterpiece is such a living picture of Scottish rural life and manners that the mere reader sees the whole details as clearly as if present at the time and on the spot. And this one poem alone, if not another line of his in the same strain existed, is sufficient to repel the slander that Gums was either an unbeliever or a reprobate. One or two stauzas describe family life in a Scottish home, and the poet's aspirations and prayers for the welfare of his country. He relates how the aged father first reads from the sacred page aud then kneeling down, surrounded by his family, pleads with the everlasting Father in heaven for t the welfare of those committed to his earthly eare. And 'then the bard rises to the sublime occasion thus — From scenes like these old Scotia'sgrandeur springs, That makes her loved at home, revered abroad. Princes and lords are but the breath of kings, An honest man's the noblest work of God. Oh, Scotia, my dear my native soil, For whom my warmest wish to heaven is sent, Long may thy hardy sons of rustic toil Be blessed with health and peace and sweet con tent. And oh, may Heaven their simple lives prevent From luxury's contagion, weak and vile, Then howe'er crowns and coronets be rent, A virtuous populace may rise the while. Aud staud a wall of fire around our much-loved isle. Study Burns for yourselves, and then say could the ploughman bard be the bad man bis detractors would fain have made him. In the gay, the im passioned, the tender, the domestic, you feel his wonderful power. If at the early age of 37 years Shakespeare, Milton, or Newton had died, the world would never have heard of them, and their works would have been lost to mankind. Some men who rose to fame had not at that age found out their powers. Cowper had not composed a poem or Scott had not written a novel. Perhaps it is as well that Hums died when he did die. No great space of time is 37 years to build such a pyramid to ins own fame as time shall never destroy. Let us think affectionately of him, and while we linve wept for his sorrows, or laughed at his gay humors, or shuddered nt his sarcasms, let us ponder over that mournful epitaph that he composed for himself with the last stanza of which I will conclude thiB paper — Is there a man whose judgment clear Can others teach the course to steer, Yet runs himself life's mad enreer, Wild as the wave. Here pause, aud thro' the starting tear . Survey this grave. The poor Inhabitant below Was quick to learn and wise to know, Aud keenly felt the tender glow And softer flame. But thoughtless follies laid him low, And stained bis name. 