GEMS FROM THE SCHOOLROOM. Mius A. C. Graham, of Anerloy, lias re ceived a prize from the University Corres pondent for tlio best collection of schoolboy " mistakesand they aro printed in tho current number of tlmt pei iodicul. In an accompanying" letter Miss Graham says : " When I learned ono day tho remarkable fact * Ilaicd and Odcssac translated Euri pides,' I felt that tho timo had come for action ; I was seized with a burning desiro to fhnre with others my joy in these" facts; 'and as a means of spreading the' New Learning,' X began to collect from examination ? papers and answers in class whatever would throw new light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in' send ing you the subjoined twelve extracts from my ' gems.' They aro all boni fide answers, tho spelling and puuetuation being un changed ; in most eases I havo still tho original documents from which they aro taken." Among "selected specimens" from Mias Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following:- ; DiTOirv.-Esau was a man who wroto fables and who sold the copyright to. a pub lisher for a bottlo of potash.-Explain tlio Sid'erence between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in tho synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak; therefore tho Jews had no dealiugs with tho Samaritans.-Titus was a Romau Emperor-supposed to havo written the Epistle to the Hebrews-his other name was Oatos. Esousn HISTORY.-Oliver Cromwell was n man who was pnfc into prison for his inter feronco in Ireland. When he was in prison ho wrote "Tlio Pilgrim's Progress;" nnd married a lady called. Mrs O'Shea.-AVolsey was a famous general wlio fought in the Crimean "War, and who, after being decapi tated several times, said to Cromwell, "All ! if I had only served you as you liavo served ine, I would not liavo been deserted in my old age."-"Wesley was tho founder of the "Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.-Who was Henry III? A zealous supportor of the Church, and died a Dissentry.-What is Divine Kight? The liberty to do what you like in ' Church. What is a Papal Bull ? A sort of cow, only larger and does not givo milk.-Perkin War bcck raised a rebellion in tho reign of Henry VIII. He said he was tho son of a princo, but ho was really tho son of respectable people. DEFINITIONS.-Phoenicians.-Tho inven tors of Pheenician blinds. Bacchanal.-A native of Beehnana, in South Africa. Chimaera.-A thing used to tako likeuessos with. Watershed.-A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender.-Is the way whereby wo tell what sex a man is. Cynical.-A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at tlie top. Immaculate.-State of those who liavo passed the entrance exami nation at London University. Hydrostatics. -Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydro statics when a man catches it. Eyousu LANGUAGE AXD LITEKATUHK. Keats wrote a savage oriticism in Endymion, which brought on consumption.-Tho sonnet is a thing that has in its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in tho last six meteors (tureette).-Latin of the lth period was intro duced into the language at the invention of Christianity -597 A.D.. when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled th thro no for nearly thirty years. Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. Ho was very good to his mother. He profiling madness, ho really only put it on but somo people say ho was mad. One day when ho was fighting the king asked him if ho would have some thing to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet im mediately stabs his father & drinks tho poisin and dies.-What do you understand by the Augustan ago in English Literature '? We mean tho time of Caidraon, who flourished and wroto " Comus " about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. Miscellaneous. - Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work.-The heart is a comical shaped bag. The heart is divi ded into several parts by a fleshy petition. Thcso parts avo called right artillery, loft artillery, and so forth. The function of tho heart is between tlio lunars. Tho work of tho heart is to repair tho different organs in about half a minute.-What is a. volcano A volcano is a very powerful rock.-What is the meaning'of mcr tic ghtcc ? Mother of glass,-What are fossils ? Fossils aro those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves.-What fossil remains do wo find of fishes ? In some rooks ?we find the fossil footprints of fishes.-What aro the mctamorphic rocks ? Rocks that contain metaphors.-" Wlmtis the matter?" queried a teacher. " You seem to be riithor uncomfortable there." " I've got the inter jection, sir," was tho unexpected reply. Explain the words fort and fortress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women iu.-What; is a Republi can r A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible.-The two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodom and Gomorrah.* -Public O/lillioil. 