LITERARY NOTES. 'Twixl Shadow and Shine, by Marcus Clarke (George Robertson and Co.), is a second edition of what was originally pub lished as a Christmas story in 1875. ' it is written in a bright and lively strain, the de scription of the little township in Western port, the scene of the narrative, being particularly good; while the inhabitants, Captain Tregarthen, his partner " llarry-my friehd," George Meggot, the gipsy, the fisher man Bickley, are lifelike, though somewhat idealised representations of characters that may any day be met with by the excursionist on vurious points of the coast within no great distance of Melbourne. Another and very different set of personages are the visitors from town, who arrive by coach on a holiday trip, to the no small astonishment of the villagers of lJe near row. Mr. Jeremy Jerkc and his iriendsof the " Native Companions " will be recognised by many readers as faithful portraits of some of the "choice spirits" who flourished 15 or 18 years ago, and whose various, eccentricities can scarcely be said to be caricatured. Lilts ami Lyrics of Xew Zealand, by Marie R. Handle—"Wych Elm" (Dunedin: James Horsborgh), is a collection of verses reprinted from the Otayo Witness. Mr. W. P. Reeves, Minister of Education in New Zealand, contributes a preface to the little volume, in which he saysThey aim at being short, simple sketches in rhyme, .prompted by the feelings-ami incidents occur ring in the every-dny life of a settler in the uiSnrict of Otago." They show a good deal of of versification, and the language, if not'Highly poetical, is generally appropriate well-chosen. Their tone is cheerful and and , pleasant, and they are quite free from the morbid sentiment that iB so often affected by writers of verse. Mu. J. W. Miller has issued, under the tit'.e1 Australian Gems (Ford and Son, printers, Carlton), a pamphlet containing several of his " poems." The following is a fair average specimen of Mr. Miller's muse " In Corrindah-hall, the squatters' home, Was gath.red a brilliant crowd To welcome Harry to his father's house, And also his friend Lord Claud. Lord Claud looked round with his eye-glass, And thus to himself haw-hawed ; : I What a treat for this vulgar mass To look on a noble lord.'" This is from a piece called " The Squatter's Daughter, or the Old Man Stands at Bay." The young lady is, of course, named Maud, and she rescues Lord Claud from the clutches of " the old man," an infuriated kangaroo, ■ " And in one short revolving year. Became his toving wife." The Imperial.Review.is a shilling quarterly which lias been carried on for1 some years in- a style which is quite unique by Mr. Herbert Palmer, a Melbourne journalist. Mr. Palmer writes all the articles himself. They number 70 in the present issue, and cover 80. pages, so averaging a little over a page ' each. At one time Mr. Palmer limited himself to sippings from the books of the quarter, usually: selecting anecdotes and stories illustrative of character. His reading wiw very miscellaneous, and the reader of the Imperial was taken over a wide range of literature on swallow's wings. The original idea has been departed from to some extent, uikI -the present number contains a large number of notes, comments, and chit-chat about, passing events and public persons, from Sir James 'MacBain (who died shortly before the present issue was written) to Mrs. Harrison Lee and The Barb. We ere in clined to think that die old plan was better for the reader than the present one, which assumes that the reader knows as much about local gossip and history as the writer, and thus often presents him with a puzzle in place of a story or a criticism. Temple Bar tot July contains, besides in stalments of two serials and a couple of complete stories, several readable literary articles.' Mr. Francis St. John Thackeray gives some reminiscences of his cousin, the great novelist. Referring to a dinner given not long after Maoaulay's death, when Thackeray stopped some depreciatory re marks about the historian, saying, " He was a giant," the writer says he finds this entry in his diary" Saw W. M. T. in bed this morning.' 'He tbld me of the offer made him to continue Macaulay." This is tantalising, and whets our appetite for further informa; tion. We should like to know by whom the offer was made, and what the author of Esmond 'thought Of this' proposal that he should .write a serious history of the reign of Queen Anne-^a period his knowledge of which was probably superior to that of any . of his contemporaries. Emily Bronte is the subject of another short paper, end Mrs. Andrew Crosse contributes somfe recollections of "a group of naturalists," namely, William Spence, the entomologiat;Professor Henslow, the botanist; pr. Davy,"brotber pf the great chemist; and William Bniker. of Bridgwater. Mr. J. C. Bailey Writes sympathetically of La Fontaine, who he thinks may possibly outlive all other French/poets.", "A poet," he says, "whose theme is the fundamental facts of human naturewhiohdoriotohange.and whotreatsthat theme at once -with -consummate knowledge andwitb a morethanHomeric simplicity, is spre of*aplacb Mhbng that scanty band, not a dozen, pwhaps/andofertainly not a score in alLfhe world, of whom we can safely prophesy that the lapse ofa thousand years will still find men learning them by heart." 'of the Cock-lane ghost, though-lew, perhaps, know the whole story of the delusion. which is now chiefly remepibered in coimeotion with Dr. Johnson, -who thought Jtfirprth Inquiring into. An iff treating aocbtttiiofthls singular episode it grab M Ifrnfioward ,Pyle in Harper's 3/affaisne lorAijjjfuat.' ,Did we hot know by ^e^sh^pf.onr own timehow^muoh Among the ^tN^o^d0 cl^Lses of society it -J^hld7;WjlUfibult ;to ••'believe the by the paltry 1762/the ,blaze of ex ***** all the extremities of- London, nay the country st lBig^.toSootland, to Ireland, and eveh to;the«Ohfeneht." Mr. Pyle himself seem^ho^ai^to have escaped the con tagion, as life ooncrodes that the mystery was not cleared up by the trial of the Parsons family, which resulted in the punishment of all those known to be concerned in the fraud. l(ut perhaps he throws out the doubt rather with a view of heightening the effect of his story than because he thinks there is really much in it. - For 130 years the world has thoroughly acquiesced in the finding of the jury. Among the other articles in the maga zine aretheconclusiohof Mr. Charles A. Piatt's series of notes on "Italian Gardens," which is admirably illustrated from photographs, and a paper by Colonel Dodge, of the United States army, on " Riders of Tunis," being a sequel to his previous contribution on the horses of that coun^ ' Portraits are given of various Arab "sheikhs;" a term which the writer says " is about as universal as ' cap'n ' or ' jedge' in most country districts in our part of the world." An amusing description is given of the average typeof sheikh, who "does nothing for a living except to loaf. His inherited dignity forbids him to work. He is content with little to eat, but give him the long daylight for loafing and anything on four legs to carry him, and he is happy. He little recks what his wives and daughters are." " A Queer Little Family on the Bittersweet," by Mr. W. H. Gibson, is an account of a curious parasitic insect, the membracis, a number of which, when magnified, present the appearance of a covey of quail creeping along the stalk. In this, as in former articles, the writer shows him self a keen and close observer of the minute forms of animal life, as well as an excellent and amusing recorder of what he sees. No fewer than seven contributions to this num ber are devoted to fiction, either complete stories or portions of serial novels. The Review of Reviews,- dealing with the July periodicals, is to hand. In the Aus tralasian part there are the usual events of the month, the usual selection of cartoons from the comic journals, &c.; The home section seems exceptionally full of reading matter this: month,, on account of the magazines having furnished good topics. Admiral Tryon is the subject of the character sketch. lie was a bold and skilful sailor, and the verdict arrived at by the men who knew him well is that tiie Victoria disaster is only to be accounted for by supposing that he was or had been ill. The article is com mendatory all through. " When Tryon was appointed to the command of the Australian station, over the heads of twenty senior j rear-admirals, there was some growling that found expression in the columns of the World, where 'Atlas' maintained that his sudden lift was due to nepotism and jobbery at the Admiralty. As a matter of fact, the Admiralty wanted to see what could be done in the way of concerted naval action with the colonies, and they sent out their ex Permanent Secretary to see what could be done. They chose wisely, and the action that was subsequently taken by the Aus tralian colonies was largely due to the diplomacy, the personality, and the driving force of Admiral Tryon. On his return from Australia in 1887 he received his K.C.li., and for the next three years he was regarded at Whitehall as a kind of champion admiral, whom they utilised by giving command of one or other of the fleets in the naval manoeuvres for three successive years. His tall, commanding figure was very familiar during these' years in White hall, Spring Gardens, and Pall Mall. ' A tall, big-built man,' said an Australian interviewer, ' is Admiral Tryon, with close cut beard and moustache—a typical lord of the sea.* A great smoker, and a man who loved to hear himself talk, he was a person age and an.authority who loomed almost as big in society as he.did in person." Some one, on whose judgment Mr. Stead places im plicit'reliance, lias told liira that "Admiral Tryon was not only the best man, but was absolutely without a rival as commander-in- j chief of tire naval forces of Great Britain, j Few really knew how much he harl medi- j tated, how carefully lie had prepared for j almost every contingency which could arise in case of the outbreak of war." The book oi the month, in the opinion of Mr. Stead, is Lord Ronald Gower's account of Joan of ] Arc, a subject that has lately fascinated the projector of Ilonlerland, the new, periodical which is devoted to the ] unseen world, clairvoyance, witchcraft, kc. j Mr. Stead is only able to account for Joan of Arc's miraculous doings by supposing that she was in touch with spiritual beings. Yet there was nothing in the rise of the Maid of Orleans as marvellous as there was in the rise of the great Napoleon. Each had excep tional genius. When we consider how little | was done to rescue the Maid from the enemy, < alter her capture, how quickly alie was dropped, and how very little gratitude was ] shown by the monarch and. the people for j whom she did so much, it may lie concluded ; that time, tradition, and superstition have j greatly magnified her real performance. Her j period was too long ago—464 years—for j Mr. Stead to learn all about it and come to a | valuable decision, after paying a hasty visit to Orleans, the scene of her first military triumph. A letter written by Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson, a little more than a year ago (July 14* 1892), from Samoa, giving experiences of double consciousnesss, has been published by Mr. F. W. H. Myers in the Proceedinys of the Society for Psychical Research. We cite oneexkmple out of four—" The other day in Sydney I was seized on a Saturday with a high fever. Early in the afternoon I began to repeat mechanically the, Bound usually written.' mhn,' caught myself in the act, in stantly stoppra it, and explained, to my mother, who was in the room, my. reasons for so doing. .' That is the beginning of the mipd to wander,' J.-sftid, ' and has. to. be re sisted at the outset.' I fell asleep and woke, and for the rest of the night repeated to my self mentally a nonBense word, which. I could not recall next morning. I had been reading the day before the; Life of Swift, and nil night long one part of my mind {the other fel low) kept informing me that I was not re peating the word myself, but was only read ing in a book that Swift, had so repeated it hia last sickness. The temptation to communicate this nonsense was again strongly felt by myself, but was on this occasion triumphantly resisted, and my watcher heard from me all night nothing of Dean Swift or the word, nothing but what was rational, and to the point. So much for the two consciousnesses when I can dis entangle. them; but there is a part of my thoughts that. I have more difficulty inattri 1 1.!-- TV* M.. * 4i* It.. t!J .buting. One^artofmy mihdcontinuallybid me remark the translations! felicity of the word, examined air the syllables, showed me that hot pne was in itself significant, and yet d^stresa^rf onefln*a bigh^eveV and his an noyance at and reooil.frpm tfie attentions of his nuraes. It waaprobsWy, the same jwrt (and for a guesa the olher /eUow) who bid me compare it with the nonsense words of Lewis Carroll aa the invention of a lunatic with those of a s≠ man. But surely it was myself (and myself in a perfectly clear-headed state} that kept me trying all night toget the word by heart, on the ground. that it%ouldaffcer wards be useful in literatute if T.tvanted to '"r $ ■ deal with mad folk. It must lin've been myself, I say, because the other fellow believed (or pretended to believe) lie was reading the passage in a book where it could always be found again when wanted." Such an ex perience, though it may seem remarkable to , the novelist, would not astonish the student of mental physiology, a branch of science which it would do " spookologists" and the like good to study. Dr. Carpenter's standard work on the subject disposes of a host of mysteries. Not long ago there was a discussion as to the site which was occupied during the forties by the "stocks" iu Melbourne. It appears tlmt a few sets of stocks are pre served as relics in England. "One of the most perfect specimens, with a whipping post close by, is still standing at Meldreth, in Cambridgeshire, between Royston and Cambridge. One of the fnrmers in the village distinctly remembers having seen the Meldreth stocks occupied by a sturdy offender, who gassed down at his imprisoned legs with ruelul dismay. Stocks are men tioned as. far back as 1324, in the charter pf the Priory of Haltemprice. In the reign of Edward III. the Commons petitioned the King that stocks might be set up iu villages ; and by a charter of Henry IV. e'very town or village was- to - have' a 1 pair of stocks.' By a statute of James I., drunken ness waSa punishable with a line, of 5s., or sitting in the stocks for six hours in the event of the culprit being unable to pay. Shakspeare introduces stocks into ' King Lear,' the stage directions being that stocks should be brought in by command of Hcgatt, in order to heap fresh indignity on the Karl of Kent. Notes and Queries stales that stocks used to stand some 50 years ago at Kasc Barnet, in Hertfordshire, and others existed in almost perfect condition at Prestbury, in Gloucestershire, a few years ago. • The stocks were used as a punishment for drunkenness in.the yard of the police court in Birmingham .so late as 1,840. In 1872, at Newbury, a rug and bone dealer, of intemperate habits, upon whom imprisonment in Reading Gaol lina failed^ to produce any benelicinl effect, was fixed in the stocks lot drunkenness and dis orderly conduct at divine service in the parish church." Here is a characteristic letter which Carlyle sent to an American girl nearly thirty years ago. She wroteasking for information about his translation of Goethe, and enclosed her photo graph. " Yon pretty but unreasonable child !" (says Carlyle in his reply—the letter is dated Chelsea, October 21,18G!5") " I never trans lated 'Goethe's Works,' nor any part of tliein but the Withelm Meister and some short fractions scattered up and down among my own writings. The Withelm Meister (both parts) I would willingly send you, but the pnblisher here informs me that the con veyance, &c.;, to N. York will outweigh anv advantage to you, and that the direct anil easiest plan is that you apply to 'Johnson and Co.* (address enclosed), who are close at hand, in case you actually want a W'ilhdm Matter, which is itself uncertain to me. Don't calculate on seeing me when you next' come to London. I am grown very- old; have no desire—but the con trary—for being 'seen.' and find my jittle remnant ot time all occupied with infinitely more important things. Read me, read Goethp, and if you will be a good girl, and feel a call to do so, read all the good books you'can come at; and carefullycwoid (like poison) all the bad; so far as yoU kain. discriminate them; wHcli will -be more land more, the wore.faithtully you try. Happy is lie.(still more.is she) who has got to know a bad book by the very flavour, and to lly from it (and from the l»se, vain, and unprofitable soul that wrote it) as froth a tiling requiring to lie left at. once to ieewnrd! And let me ■ tell you further, pretty little Juliette, reading, even of the l»est; is but one of Hie sources of wisdom, nnd by no manner of means the most important The most Important, all in cluding, is, that you tere wisdom loyally in your heart of hearts* and Hint wherever you learn' from: a 'book or- elsewhere a thing credibly irisf, ytm do»7 lose time in calling or thinking it * wise,' but proceed at once to see how; with your best discernment, energy, and caution, you can manage to do it! That is the rule of rules, tliat latter; ttiay your years be many, and bright with modest nobleness, ' happy" enough tliey will be in such case— and so adieu, my pretty child.—Yours truly, " T. GahlYle.'' The following Australian words are in cluded in the current part of the New English Dictionary, edited by Dr. Murray: —Coo-ee, cornstalk, corroboree, and creek. Of the first ahd third, many. varie ties of spelling ate given—of the first seven, and of cotroboree nine. A quota tion from ' the vocabulary in Governor Hunter's Voyage gives an aboriginal" cow-ee— to come," whence it is inferred that the cry is a kind of imperative of this verb. Dr. Cun ningham. in his book about New SonUi Wales, published in 1827, says that" natives make use of the word as we do the word holloF and a recent extract lrom the Pall Mall Gazette te\\\o a story how "two well-known and wealthy Australian squatters lost each other in a London fog, and. were only re united after a series of shrill and vigorous coo-ee." It is a taking picture, and makes a reader naturally speculate onthe probabilities. The use of "cornstalk" for "a tall, lithe petpon, hence a: nicknaule given to persons of European descent born in Australia, more particularly in New .South Wales," is illustrated from Henry Kingsley and from Inglis's Australian Cousins. Corroboree is given as a native'word id the "now extinct language , of Port Jaoksqn." Quotations are given from Hunter,- Batman twud . Corn wallis's Neva World, Darwin's Voyage of a Natjurtiliet* end Tylor's Primitive Culture. The quotations for a transferred use of the words show that it is spreading. The last is from the Salurddy Review of February last year. " A corrobory of gigantic dimensions is being prepared for (General Booth's] recep tion, rernaps as the writerknew thatuenerat Booth had been recently in Australia, he thought the word. was specially suitable. The distinction between an Knglish and an Australian creek is clearly pointed out, but the latter is shown to be also in use in America. Sib Richard and Ladt Burton were much persecuted from 1877 to 1683 with anonymous letters, Written with a view to estrange husband and wife. " Once we found on the floor (writes Lady Burton) .* copy-book with some very, good imitations of myttandwrifing, or what my handwriting would be if Itried to disguise it a Jittle; backwards, and some very pad and easily. jrecQtnfc&bJe; attempts at my husb&nirs; very {prewar Land..The anonymous letters g " ' " " ' against each oilier,. always finding ^love-i pockets."; The secret ma-notl nhtil July,189l. when-n Jtedy,:whd-,,. M agreat friend," confeesed fo Dsjb' on her deathbed that she wrototiiey saying" In 1876-77 your husbwtf mining in Midiou. and aubswuentw,? Africa, and nothing was talked of mihyx.? tLki TV* were tbso aituZ±z£ tlW <M> in six nrjotbs, so yce sai-~ ssaSi*£■! rest itdfoving <issjk f. Mow I was 4*^?t 7 foci of m-a^y. I «« aaa- xeat>r r'^si LaiLtsd. I foved yon, end admires f<w ; I hated pa, sod was jcxissi of roe.' I wax oat in i-'-Tt with _ bins— ~o-42sd-fy> was cr —Let I t&%p.t thai j: I crjairi only cftocriate fchr ■ ant cagss fairs wnfc fas. I should proc.wr.4r g=3 a great c*al of that caser vkka I var.vri; for c.y extni%ag%f#%s vere far t^coi the f--t v.} huAaa&d; or my ic--.tr, ir*t I Lre very CTccfc in the wcrtd. I 4" aa cr^ 7 cas posted. f.tif :r>g it inrpossiLk to tikrsate y va as the 'meat en t yet rc-cn-l oat ir.tr.rj went and told each other: Let I vasesr prswd that pw kwt E^tsefi that rirnt \\*zf&rr.-i;*A yte Lota of yoa ireseectly opeeiy jckei with rue abort it. Towntcs toe end 1 taw that jotrr ecsra.ji.-i disliked and dk t rafted est. bat be conki not fix tn eif own ciad why it (it You wet* easily deceived, fast I dared not do anything txoeft in hs absence. I took a vkie-i pkasare in ye®r perfect trcst in meA ^ A fTECOta of sir TtLtBsri Bt:tt.ee ; rear rest c.? repartee it r:~er; ty Laty Bztv.-t- m the Z-V< she Las written of her Lcfrani;— '* Oct day. as ve tot re on b &ri; a tc:p. goes? to s. ratr.tr u&'.tvT.Ls^i plate. a GatholK Arrb-'-ift-.p an-d a Bshtp. vrth a C&tpo.tp; fart~. stepped on board. My fctastsrvi v r, Apertti. * Introtsse nse." 1 <tii so. art-i tr.ty Lecame very friendly. an-l sat down to : -_at. The Archbishop was a tery c.ever r-».e Lm ju'j mate.*. foe P.rchar:. My r-ss oaad te^an to char, and said._' My wife if the Jesuit of the ramify." * ^ ttat a eap-rtas ; -.rr,7 ior y-oc. aesrstrtri the ArcLi<si>>p. i Wxtiy socse apts vert rarrpxg a boat the r so tbe Axh. ersbop j*>ot tri cp ar.. i-vd piayfsiiy. ' WeiL Captain Barton, there [-* forc^ of yoar ancestors.' hjefcari *-&s; cH-scted : Le'pelied fck pw^taefce r?-aiedy; i ottng very amcsei and a Ltrit shy arte and saii »dtfc that eooi drasl of hfs. * We'L my Joed, i at kass Lave mact a I.ttk prc^rr^, bet—vhai: aboet year i--jrd tL:p, tree if dtsceaded from the angeis* 7"r»t ArAittbiji roared: he «-*sdeiagisted ciifc tit retort, and szeassres it ap as a good stosy tlfi this cay.® As Lnteresing point is toscdte-J «s Ly tbe EpwifVsr. in renewing tbe new eiitkffi of Toid s Pariiaa&*t<ir-f G<sc*T»tiu*?, vhijtt has been brotsght sip to date fay Mr. spesxr Wafpiie. Is there any redress, th-'sz'A doe b7r«B?a "r^n a private pexsoc i Noot viat t-.er. The SoTe-resgn oarrvos be tried in a cosn of jasaee. ~ As a oocsti tttkcai peiis&f;&?, the fersoteJ teskxst c: tbe Sovexeagc. aot ieiag acts of govtns iseEt, are neat "Ar tbe engir ^aet of h*: aryi that as an indf vidaa! be a iafefet-ftst cL and sot aoessLfe to, any earth!; pwe of jsrkdkxkist. Tbe teat aefbonhes bare deckred that these » cc kasi remedy obtainable by tbe ssbject tor personal a-tts of tyranny ai»d oppreask« oe the part of tbst Sovesetgn trbieb bare no* been msupated by bad advnere, bet have proceeded ircra tbe personal z&McoodBCt; of the manatee bintsefh f^onM any ccch cases ooocr, as far ae tbe ordinary oosme of lav is coooerned, tbey vocid be covered by the nsaritn vhich; fortc-ii tbe unpstatiae of vnng to tbe s SoTeredgn 'Brxn't k?. Mcrr, p. 63„ and tbe! «riiy Prince tscst be left to the retakes of. his ovn conscsence, and to his personal so i coentabLuty to God alone. Mo deckkma in < rejard to common chmtnal ofiesces cots' ' edited by any Eogiiih King are to be iartad I m the books ; ^ejesra contending tiiat tbe i caae of a Sov eresgn besna yirdty of a eormnon I enmesnna be treated, as the lavs of Sokm treated narrkade—it man be coindered an ; lmpoesiirjiity- (Fiechei. £»y. CumsL. p. 123.); It was truly observed by Locke, in his essay j on Gorzrumad, that the mconTernency of \ bome panics lar nriscbiefa that nay happen | sometnaes, when a beady Prince comes to > the throne, are veil msompeoaed hj tbe: peace and ]>aiJic security vhiA remit from ! tbe person of tbe chief magistrate being set! out of reach of danger. (Book 2; section iL«5: and see Cox, £ng. Govt., pp. 4b6— fiO." As aneodote illnstxative of mtwcnlar Christianity Is told in the Xs/e of Sir Hidtord Burton. The scene is laid is Brazil, k here Bcrton was for a time conraL " One of the monks at tbe Seminary of Capecbtns was a tall, magnificent, and very powerful man, an ex-cavalry officer, Count Somebody, whose name I forget, then Fray G . Be-1 fore he arrived there vas a bully in tbe i town, rather of a free-thinking class, so he used to go and e nagger up and down before the Seminary and call out, ' Come out you ' miserable petticoated monks ! Come out end have a free fight! For God or the devil f When Fray G arrived, be beard of this, and it so happened be bad bad an English friend, when he was with fait regiment, who bad taught him the oae of his fists. He found that his brother monks were dread fully distressed at this tmaeemly challenge, ao he mud,' The next time be oomes, don't wpen the gate, but let the poster call me.' to the next time the bully appeared, it was eo arranged that tbe gste was opened by Fray G (the usual crowd had collected m the road to see the fun), who looted at him laughingly and said, 'Surely, brother, we will fight for God or the devil, if you please.' So saying, the friar tucked up bis Sleeves and gown, ami told his adversary to 'come on,' which he did, and he was immediately knocked into a cocked bet. 'Come, get up/said tbe friar. 'Molyingthereandwhimpenngjtbedevil won't win that way.' The man Mem rinse rounds, at the end of which be whimpered and holloaed for mercy, and amidst the jests and bravos of a huge crowd the 'village cock' retired, a mass of jelly and -pulp, to bis own dunghill, and was never «een more within half a mile of tiie beminary/* Lamr Samsr (says the Afhausum) has presented to the Bodleian,Library an exteh sive collection pf M£& relating to Percy Bymfae Shelley and Mary Godwin, consisting of letten written by tiiemJor addressed to them, as well as of orighfaT HS8. of Shelley's poems, and the original diary kept by Mrs. Shelley, together with a number of copies of the impression privately executed by the late Sir Percy Shelley. The principal conditions which' Lady Shelley de sires to be observed are that all tbese docu ments, except S1SS. of poems and suchiettets as have already been printed by Mrs. Shelley »VH *7^- vumwiioij tn uunir/ 9 the year 1922, be kept apart, and fmmm except the curators i pf-the Booleian Library, oot copyof itby porUon of tbenf <-*»"l"'anyo»ie. -.i Ihr) bolhcows and horses, ' -to |he foliage of the tons of it are i «.ie Mimala Even the hsril handsaas food the pkefeietioe to Layer 