ONE CONSTITUENCY. Elections like the one just over in Kara Kara prompt the query whether it would not be conducive to the country's moral and material well-being if the whole colony were formed; into ,one grand; electorate? This is called the Hare theory of repre sentation. Nowhere has it been .tried, in the election of a J Parjiambht;s6 that whenever or wherever adopted it .will be purely a development in experimental politics.,.. In ;nnandirecb forml-the Hare' system, however, obtains in .the .United .States in-the choosing 'bf'presidents, the people first electing .-what are called “ electors,” and these electing the presi dent. This plan has acted admirably in' the States, every one „of the presidents having, been .a /man ,of -?. di stinguished characteristics, and in ■some feyr instances the very man who appeared, asjif by nature to be the leader of his country’s government. The grandeur of the constituency from which the president is chose)* .tit&rtypralddjM; the possibility of a . roan ofmean- or- mediocre ' parts, securing nomination, J.-inubh; ljess securing his elfectioh.” From the national government of every country purely local concerns should v 'be eliminated.' These c matters, where there is local government, can be much better and more cheaply and' expeditiously attended to by the . local than by the central authorities. ! Local isni and.local delegatism. ,may ..b.Ovomin ently suxtable tp ,a now colony whilst ' its ; foundations are being simultaneously laid, in a number of widely removed and scattered places, each. for cheap and rapid means of communica tion bri%-'ah^B^^a^^lhhidiuty , 'from*: the ably—indeed it was the /only possible l system of public representation, in .the; froth;Tork , ; tb,ljpndop.f;wasi .a?:*dangerous! and !expensivo« .pilgi™ttgei , lo fhor travelled froni Jtfibj v capifel. ;aai- Bengal no regular ■f.roblns couhtytown and* another? Then Itwas* nht !i of’chbice bill of necessity to parcel out the country into distinct electorates,. There was no other way Jot taking a thanj by verbal addresses. an 37 personal canvassing for the to Walte' hik' views and intentions known to s . c the. elec- j ‘ But all this has long gxnce been Mtered; notwita &iiH; find the old country adhering likely, for a few generations yet, to adhefe to a system of popular representa tion | which is hot popular, in the original sense of thb vrotflf *{ ~~based on conditions that do not exist—r joa&tho; Wisefbe oi -0 tonutmgpA>4' cfitti, the a&ads;,- y&ilwNys;, to&mpl;&>om inf H jynl apfe«3i »g ||rt iwva s forth& curious ofid" of useful for those who are both curious and intelligent. Geogra phical; ■'flocialr and : which haw long\wa» 1 tldually- made of the fc|^soi)XJ0OJnxuoua^what-.tIiey-‘aw-to-' day. Wo, in establishing a new coan S; on. .thiazide-.of.the globo,sitnply todk the model os wo found it, and 'copied its beauties and its blemishes as nearly as wo'possibly could. A statesman vory ofton is, but the common garden variety, of the politioian is never, if ho knows it,, a day in advance of his time. He throws back his ears, and stubbornly refuses to advance till the whip of public opinion compels Him to give a start forward. When our colony consisted of only a fojv comparatively isolated centres of popula tion, and when these were as shut off from each other os were the English counties of a hundred years ago, electoral divisions for the convenience of taking fl ndce&ityA;' But, the cry for single electorates which the -Reform and Protection League used to raise 15 years ago, which ■ was -repeated | .Jjy Political the other nay, ahcl which was a few years baekf-given effect to in Parliament by a Conservative Premier when the raem;- '&liip; : ‘ 6f' -Legislative Assembly was raised from 80 to 95, and when pocket for Ministerial ffrifends were carved' ; dufc of the' double hud three* cprnored cry and that action were assuredly signs of political retrogression rather than of progression,' The climax of Ministerial and Parlia mentary extravagance inched; uuder ; •the * Gillies-Deakin with-' its; House of.95 members sitting for a largely increased of petty ono-mom-, borelectorates. Log-rolling for oockspur railways, log rolling and sitting on door-; steps' with x knocking, at- Back doors on; behalf of land companies,. syndicates and' water tru'ste- clamoring and manoeuvring for larger and larger emoluments for the; public service sections of hon. members* \ constituents, were never before so pre-1 valent as in that. Parliament, had hot the whole' colony to consider, j but in many instances only the people, of the largest villages within their con stituencies. “Solid" with that village, and they .cared littje ,f or,,wh .it -the:|re mainderof their constituents might tmifk prdev and very much loss for the public of the colony. In this way scores of men'have entered and now retain seats in parliament, as leglislatora * who have xib larger ideas on legislation, and of the honor’and dignity which should attach to it, than has the keeper of a ahiro council’s meeting hall. If the colony voted as one. constituency, few except men of acknowledged reputation . and .proved abilities wbtfld ; dare to' the office of legislator; the arts of the tap room and politician would avail nbt. Three-fourths perhaps of the present members would never see the Houscl. again, bub for the first time in history we might get a truly national Parliament, composed^of the most .notable, men : in' ahd every i elector & vote, not fer one or two members only, but, an, .equal vote in the choosing of Parliament os a whole. Because a great part of Kara Kara was agreeable to the Dow scheme, should such ns Kara Kara be for over competent to send in legis lators to influence and take part in the shaping of laws which the whole colony must obey 1 Fourth Page.—The following additional reading matter will be found on tho fourth pageMining 1 Nows and Notes, Eaglohawk, Buried Them Darkly, Grand Annual Movable Committee. To-day’s Events.—Eaglohawk Police Court, 10 o.ro.; Held trial Empire seed drill, Wood-; stock, 2;30 p.m. ; City Council, 3 p.m. ; Dis pensary Board, 8 p.m.; theatre, 8 p.m. ; Oratorio “ Babylon j " i.cJHall, ;• moGtirig Eas6rr a -Pnir* "tnar8hals and others,' 8 p.m.; leoturo on tho Tyson cure for drunken ness, Temperance , Hall, 8 p.m,-; annual meeting.Sandburst'Dawn Tennis Glub,8 p.mi ; annual meeting Eaglehawk Football Club, 8 p.m. Mining :Mootings- rGaribaldi I (North), 3.45 p.m.; Now Chum United (Noith), .4.36 p.m.; Now Hopeful Sandhurst and Eaglohawk Pyrites (Walker).. 6.30 p.m.-; British Now,Churn (Petrie);' '4.15 p.m.; Specimen Hill United (Kirkwood)', Beehive, 5,30 ; p,m, ;DIxon‘s - Tribute' 8on), 11.30 a.m. t . . -ii ; Easter Fair-Id - ' connection with : tho general meeting .to., bo bold, to-night, there will be n meeting tativds of thoBC Who purpose taking part' in the procession. Everything,.;in conneatiou with tho fair i| progressing well, and tho shows, which Kriotmcyer.’ s_ „, Wax-- works, with' so mo startling" novelties never boforo here, are of a; better -class, .than have appeared at' any previous fair., The pond for tho is lSow com pleted, and tho water (some 100,000 gallons), will be into it this and if' “rehearsal” will bo held by performers;- ' v> 110a.**. . . ■ ... University Extension; — Tho’ annual mooting of the members of tho “Bendigo, centre" was held daSt-evehiog at the School of Mines. Th# committee’s .report of the work done whs- hot Very though 'hope was exprosBed.tbafc success would crown their efforts durih'g : the" coming year. Tho only real business transacted, was the appoint ment of three, to add-three more, as.members of-the oreoulive-committoo. An extended report will, appear-in to-morrowta issue. mi.. The Depression and Friendly Societies — One foot which, the A,M,C,. of the Manches- Unity joBt, -closed ’ had ' the effect to emphasise was the wide-spreading influence of the depression ruling in Melbourne' and in other parts of the colony throughout the year. Thoro-ore notwoi.move,; flourishing; and 1 pro-' gressiv# friendly societies in the colonies than the:Manchester r -Unity.'/and-'the Australian Natives’ Association, yet both of these daring 1892 had a# muoU as .they couId’.do to bold their own. The M.U. started tho year with .21,6.67 members and oldsefl it with 21,470,or a decrease of 07. The AN. A. increased to the extent of pnly,88'i)onofit members io 9500 odd, and lost70honorhry that the | net increase was only 16. In previous years i the increases sometimes ran .into thousands, j -The; officers : of the M.'U. : wore,, however, unanimous in. expressing the opinion that: 'there wero' : better : times Jihead in tho coming year,, and as theploudof depression; ttfill in all .lifted;, the vwrious lodges arp/rebewipi awards; ihjtiatipna, ahiicipations bayo ' a good' bping realised. • PRomBwittib - - Saj^^op.^bink-^A#; upplioation was made yesterday to the Police after/:t the vadjoammpp¥ of'lthb polico coui-t liy a .Ws^eetabio^lookfiig'^thhn 3 for an order prohibiting certain publieaps i . selling-, liquor to her husband. She stated | that. her husband was suffering from con-j he-was hastoning his death | by drinking. She thought that if she got the j i order it would::provent fAm‘"obtaining the dnnkJaaiitJwas hokols lnndi slle : named that bo got it. MivLendbr,'Hbw6vei^ J -wos unablo to sign tho order. Recent Mining,, Acodmsnts, — Returns ; , <'lft6b Jl night , 8' , ’Wbbting of the" Minors’ Association Committee;, showed, that- tlio .flast^ 1 27 raamb0i!8 ' < had'‘ v 'dboIaAd'‘6h Li ' tae "fands^ , and, 21, off r ... TbP T ,niun > h 01 ' of members at i is . than 65, . and j i tho aooidbnt nj gh^ j 1 ! 'Street [ ', ;.-Tfia- ephtract,' | hpwever, Rrnf^l^&xorlj.;iaosndP3oenb; | jaraps. - ;; yV > *-«e fd..-- , >, ;d u XiRUB®DiiiSbUj^^TMBwhighW^!a'hia8ing: I .comedy-waa -ptpduaed' t : / tlwt‘lJrimo in ; i tho ; - . ;hlrou»nstin'cos.' f0 . tnlii.. Mr. Gourlay stepped to the'lroh^and* r %tated : 1 -that thcr'tfomnaijy would be unable to stay in'- Bendigo oo.B.ainlrdty bdA produce ■ by tlm Modg® 1 ' as hnhqnQf ed on Wddhesday To-night would be final ppRfprmapee. whoa they jn 'tended ,furnishing a rare treat, consisting of a !§cqtph \cprae_dyji of Women,” a jfomantie.burlosqao, !‘-The Corsiean'Brothprs,-" ; and ftwo and “T«ly-' ihg Models,” • > ‘ : Epr Miners.—Mr, P, S. Williams brought ' for eword .a. pro position at last eight's- 1 meeting of he Mlooris , . Association?, committpe . which is ; ;of> considerable Y Umpprwrice to members. After roierripg po the tact th>t many .mammon} died after , a lingering illness Spying'thoir/ Jtarnilies penniless, jjfc w^0 killed; in provided for by :A' ; grant from the osBOcloti * pie suggested terffonnaWn .of a n f°£60 jftandhgTOta wbiohjn db|kth poo&f; ?»«*#*• no matter from’ what cause.' proposed, should bo raised by^oontnbnfioo of & per fortnight. The family killed in r a .miuo ttS^d. WtfdroWb A.M. A. whiahtho to«Hj « juo ,man yrho died by a natacal death Ig8e; .Tffdvauggastlon caused ft longthy tll0l . ■ion, but. as the hour was . -■-• •aiaoifsStOirtt'os adjouTnodfor a lorUUgnC' ACCIDENTS.--A man named Irvine was Severely injiirpd. ywitorday. piwraoo working a( tho.etoblo of 8 . v ,, A 0 f oa n(l i-HjaTwaa, attended by Dr. Murphy, that ho bad sixsUuicdjflOVcre oboab and abdomen; >: Hp.4» progress! g ably, Yesterday morning a «noo David Chirgwin met with a dt tho Bello Vue min?,: , 1,18 ianahfc in : tonsivoly lacerated through } je, ‘|P- c .® ,^ n g 0 fl ‘th6’machinery. Dr. Murphy bi HBROic Engine dent to. tho ongino-dnvor -Silas May, which recently dbcurroa at Mr. Lansell's a Ha mine, caused general expressions of regrot at lost night's mooting of tho Minors tlon .Committee., Mr. P. Phillips said that . May .had'done bin duty as, a WS-JJSj: death fallow'd; from, .it.-..Thera, wasvery, little doubt that but for Mr. May's devotion to daty;on; tbo Wovning when his jwas bo nearly torn off altogether, if' no ■ * n happened to "tho machinery -it. would have coraorery olonb ; fo- It: Uo 'bad . aIj0W " greatest presence of. mind andbad sacrificed probably blii off it .life ,Jn looking, to the intprefttsof.b|Mimplpyor, tor.it ho. hnd pb tamod medloal attendance sooner.and had the flow of blood frombis'"arm staunched, death .rmgfit'r'lidve been averted.. His v, conduct shOwod that the minora-worn not tho men they wore sometimes pronounced Ite bo; The ex- prosidoot (Mr. W. Williams)-.;fiup ported the; Becretary’p,. remarks. : Mr.; May 'bad always boon a member, of .the. Association and a steward, and had done all he could for: the .assooiation^s 1 progress by introducing members, and in other ways. Ho was a mom-: bbc-ottbo-first'committee of that association.- Mr. McIntosh also - spake of the heroism of May and Mr. W. Williams moved that a-; letter of condolence' bo forwarded to. his! 'relative# -This' suggestion was unanimously! -adopted.' Benevolent.. . Asylum, and. Lying-in- weekly" committee', met, on Tuesday afternoon. Present—The vicopre-; indent (Mr. J. D, Crofts) iu the chair, the; president.;.(Major, Kirby), .Messrs. : J. R.' Goodisson, D. B. Lazarus, Darnton Watson, and the bon. secretary (Mr. Henry Birch). 35, applicants 1 wore awarded aidby' orders on ; stores, 20 in kind from tho institution, and j in ono case aid was discontinued.- - Reports ; were received from tho visiting committee, i the medical officer, the superintendent, and the collector. 272 distributions, wore made 1 out-dboir during thb week 1 to. families . epu siatingvof 308 adults >nd 120‘ bhildrbo, and there rare lb ’ the' institution. -155 : males,, ,27 females — 'total,' ’188L ;Tho, superiutebdeut reports the death of Charles Johnston,.aged 72, from paralysis ‘and senile debility. Ho was.., admitted on I2tb February,. 1891, -and was a native of London. Queensland FtbOM : Rblebf Fund.—The bon. secretary (Mr; Honeybone) has re ceived the following, .amounts collected ainoo thb last list. closedSt. Andrew’s Sunday School, per/Nr. J. A. O. Scott, £2 -14a ','7d;{ Wesleyan Sunday School, Golden Square, par Mr. James Crump, : £2 ,17s lOd. . -This makes a total of'£244 5s ,&d.received; to date in 'Bendigo.*:: These amounts will bn to' f Queensland, and as it was necessary to’Open’ the list again the- secretary desires it'to bo ;mado known that the list will not now bo 1‘tfinally closed; till; the 31st ins£. ■; c Golden Square Wmleyan Sohool. —Tbe. [ i quarterly tea, meeting ;bf- the toabhors. of tho Golden Square Wesleyan .Sunday School was, held ,l«et. -There was a fair' altendanoo./. Mr. John Harvey (trea-- jsurer) reported £30 in hand after' paying nil liabilitioa. Tho school bniMiug is now’ free' from debt. The presentation of a' teacher's I biblo to Mrs. Marsland and Miss' Cruikshank, | whb'havo both been teachers in the school, .was made. Tbo pastorato of the Rev. Mr. Marsland' is drawing' to a closo, nnd a resolution vims' carried- expressive of the esteem and appreciation of tho services ron doiod by, him aud his wife .during their three J’ mars’ residence, in. .the circuit. Mr. Mars- land faolingiy responded. The. proceedings throughout woro. markbd with cordiality and 'good fooling. -. ■r : A Novel Strike has taken place : at. the Benevolent 'Parramatta. It appears, that,some of tno inmates have boon- in the' receipt of wages varying from 2d to 8d per day for working in '' thb > institution. - On Monday Iast : thoy received tboir month’s vpay less SO per oenti and in making a> protest3a eonaeqaenoo . of. not having received duo notice of this intended reduction they state that they were, told that if they, did, not like - Ifc'thoy could loaye.j Between 30- or bO thon: loftthbluBtitutibn. , .%•: e Suicide with Matches.—Margaret Reece, a servant girl, aged 15, at Onehunga (S.A.), ' Swallowed some, matches dissolved, s in water,. bed continued to work till'last Sunday ‘ night without disclosing the ,pain she was, suffering. Medical aid was aummonb l, but tho girl died oh Wednesday; She said she was deter rained to commit suicide, because “she was "saved 1 and . ready to die.” . She.was attached-- to thb Salvation Army. * A Deranged Salvationist.—The extent to which religious - oxoiteraenb •’ may 1 carry people wft3r(rtdoording lo tho Wimmera.Star) ilhistratodi : by a.-case at \tho : ‘ Horsham Hospital a day or "two baok. , ' A member of r the Sal vation Army drove up lb tlio inatitutipn; With his wife and,was.mot at the officials who enquired ,asj to his business there. Ho stated ho vraptod bis vyite admitted tp the hospital as she wim-igping/tb give ; birth to two ‘Josiia Christa '.that night, ...Ho was iufbrraed that subb nbt,4bdmittod‘ -to tbe in8tituUon,'"Bhd; tlhi£.he J ;would-havo-, tjp obteia aa Prder 'frbmi'tohie pne they could have anything- to;dp ■wi'ib’i't.^'.ffp^theh 1 went away and obtained' an’ order for ad mission and returned: ,His had then tor •bp entered in 'tlio.bboksj. When,asked whaV it' hviis and what faraily hp'.:had,,-. ho said , his'hamo ,>va's ( Jeshs; phri8.t ;;,.ffhd‘‘.thatjbo had jte>i‘ybuhg disciples qhdj that ho would have two more that night, wbiohtWbuld. make (ho twelve disoiplesj and: that tho Holy Ghost would; bo present at the birth of Jiho laj/tor that'nigbt. His right rame, r was obtained! androntorod: in (he usual eoureo. Ho camo : from:A disUhcoA It.wefi . (hoii’ght that ho was 'soinowbat downged! ,'/'- ’ The Oratorio of Babylon? will be produced to-jilght at.the Masonic Hall, and 1 ? should, not fad to command,p t good house. . Further>jpartica li awe ndverliscd.' ' A J,. J.,Hayes and"Co; ’ wiU-scU-t laad,\cattlo in the estate of Mr. M. O'Dwyer, of Muskerry. Messrs. Putnam And Jackson'' will sell to-day atMitiamo Park, Mrs. Highett’s cattle aud -far nitoro. v. Mr, Arnold, of tho Tyson sanatorium, Costlc majno, will . pomace Hall ou the cure of drunkenness.' Messrs. Mncpharson, Go. will sell on (Thursday, March 30, tho house, faraiturb and sundaes .-.of.; the; late; Mr, J. Minty, of Market Square. 