Joe Beltonr's Revenge. BY larmzD S. nuRttAOEO. His clame was Joseph BUlton, but ,is mates on board the ?;iddlestrahd lhghtship called him Grim' Joe. His grizzled beard and eun:tanned face and hands told of a life in the open air.. Joe had seen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to his gun and never flinched amid the bell of flame and shot wniah rained from tlie forts of im pregnable Sebantopol; he had chased the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffld Arab trader to his knees; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurrioanes in the mid-ocean, and had, save the loss of one finger on his right hand, come ecathless out of all. Tne loss of the finger incapacitated Joe Belton for active service, and he retired on his pension, and for some time lived at a fishing villags on the Essex coast. But Joa got tired of mooning about with few better companscns than the "'longshore men," who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations run fancy free, but took good care never to dwell upon their perilous adventures and hair breadth csspes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vacancy occurred on hoard the Middle strand lighiship, and Joe applied for it. He was at once accepted, as he had left the navy with a olean sheet and such a character as any honest man might be truly proud of. Joe Beltofi was a bachelor. He had loved, and loved in vain. and, as he put it, "hauled in his heart's tackle, and stowed it away for ever." Nobody knew much about the story, save that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart ; and nobody cared to question him on the subject, for Joe's facs would grow dark and forbidding at the slightest rord of chail relating to his lonely life. "look here, lads," he said, one day, "you've pgo wives and youngsters ashore, and when the wind roars at night, they are thinking and praying for you, though tihey know that a lightship is the safest crabt that tlosts. Be thankful you are not like me, who cares for nobody,. and for whom no b?~ y cares. Hteigho I Now I'll go and have a'turn wt the r?lleltore." On duty or eff duty, whenever Joe Belton was upeor, lie would have "a turn at the re ilecto:s." "Elbow grease" seemed to be the only esare to his wounded heart, and he would beep on polishing until the reflectors were like brurished mirrors of silver; and. s, is were. he rubbed away the gloom from his face, and lefit ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dej?cted nese. Whenever lhe was "off his bachy," and read from a treasured copy of .Milton's poems, his mates wicked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had paseed away. One night, after Joe had gone to his ham mock, Psil Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe moust be in a very bad way indeed. "Read them lines lie's marked with a pencil," lie said. " lead 'em aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not much of a scholard." Jim Dawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read: " Hence, loathed Melancholy. Of Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian cave forlorn, 'Mongst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy Find out some uncouth cell, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous wings And the night raven sings; There, under ebon shades, and low-broewed reeks - - As jagged as tby leeks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." "I don't understand much about it," Phil said," but I daresay it's all right. The only thing in my lino is the low-brewed rocks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure I But I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'pose it wouldn't be right to hide the book, would it, now?" "I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay,"Jim Dawling replied. '" "y missus-and, bless her heart, she's still my sree tbeart-knows something about how Joe was jilted. You see Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over the fire on winter nights. Why, bless you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted the coast when he was ayoung man, would make your hair curl like-like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying- pan." Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood curdling yarne, when bia eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. "Look I Look there!" he gasped. Jim Dawling's face grew ashy pale as hbe turned slowly. There was some vague notion in his'mind at that moment-and Jim had his full share of superstition, and: perhaps a little over-that the ghost of his grandfather had come to polish up his memory; but in stead of a spectre he saw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and staring, his arms hanging loosely at his side, and his movements, as it he were measuring every step carefully, pro. claimed that he was walking in his sleep. Suddenly he stopped, and, stooping down, felt about where he had left the copy of Mil ton's poems. Scarcely knowing what he did, Jim Dawling pushed the book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. Joe Itelton took up the the volume, and muttered : " Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight born ;" and then, with a dark expression of face and furious gesture, hurled the book from him: Phil Orley was conssious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp -ll over with perspiration as if the cabin had been suddenly connected with a slow neon. . Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, hut simply sat and stared. He felt that he was so rooted to the locker, that had a gun proclaimed a vesselin danger, little shoret of steam power could have lifted him to his feet. Joe Belton crossed the floor, and etoDnpine short against the wall, leaned his arm heavily upon it, and began to speak. "Well, Nancy," he said. "you know best. Ihave tried to win your heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. You have allwedc your ears to be poisoned against me by Csleb Eozs. He is my rival, aed would say any thing against me. I swear by lIim that made me, and whose hand rules the land and rea, that at the time PRz srays I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Ialts." He ceased Epeaking, and raised his headas tf waiting for a reply to his avowtl. "You doubt me," hle continued, in the voico of a strong man subduing his passion. "I see it written on your face; I read it in your eyes. And it isn't doubt, Nancy; you want to find an excuse to get rid of me. You favor Caleb E-zc. What ! you say no ? I aay yes. "\Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plunge into the sea with a shot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then turned back again. "Tell Caleb Boze to give me a wide berth," he said. " I've always thought it was my Inature to forget and forgive, but I'll never forget or forgive the man whose lying tongue has blighted my life and turned my heart to gall. Tell him so-tell him to keep beyond thereach of my arm and good-bye, Nancy lor the last time good-bye." T'a: amnambulist 'rosaed the cabin, and, passinig but, went calmly back to" his ham mock, as if he was weary, and his watch be low had just began., ; For some momenta Phi Orleyy and Jim Dawling did net epeklt: but at length Phil broke cue silence. .' What-what d'yr think o' that?" he asked, ecorcely above his breath. ' It's the awfullest thing I veer saw.' LIr', I've got the pins and needles all over me I" " I think," Jim Dawling replied," that the best thing Grim Jee can do is,to go ashore and see a doctor as quickas possible." . "'Bnt the relief boat won't be here for mor'n a week, and you know the penalties for any man quitting the ship without loere. Shall we tellJoe how he's been carry inc on?" Jim Dawling turned the question over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. " What good would it do?" he argued. "It would only frighten him and make him the mere miserable to think that he had been walking and talkingin his sleep. We'd better keep a close watch over him, and mention the matter to the officer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some excuse to get him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night.; The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. Every now and then the lightning glared upon the storm-tassed ocean and the distant desolate coast, and the thunder roared as if tearing the mighty piles of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet discus. sing Grim Joe's bout of sleep-walking, and promising to divulge it to no other man on board, the hoarse roar of the foghorn rent the air. As fast as their feet could carry them, Oxley andDswlingruehed on deck, and they were quickly followed by Joe BIelton, who, having slipped his legs into his elacke, com pleted the rest of his toilet, sailor-like, as he went to where duty called him. " There was a flare shown out south'ard," said the man who had sounded the alarm; "and once I thought I saw a vessel, but at first I thought tihe lightning had deceived me. Look I lookI There she is." "She's running on to the sands," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, " and Heaven help her and all on board it she doens't sheer off. Keep the horn going. iRan out the gun, and give her a louder warning. Wha: does the captain mean by running into the jaws of death like this ? liHe must be either urunk or mad." Cr.sh l! went the report of the gun. It was atnswered by another, and a red flare, which told its own story only two well. "She'e lot her helm," Jim Dalwling said. "See how she rolls and flaunders. May the Lard rend the wind about 1 Ah, she strikes I she strikel Poor souls, they are lost, every one " Tne guns were now being answered by at other lightship, some five miles distant, and at the nearest iieboat station men were making haste to help the shipwrecked mari ners. Lights flashed, guns boomed, the fog horn screeched, and men ehouted-alas, all in vain ! The hapless vessel, driven on .the sands, was doomed to deetrnstion. As its keel struck upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge lring thing in pain, And, as if in mockery, the wind h3wled louder, and t:s furious gusts drove the waved mountain-high. Sneers of foam and surf flew over the lightship, blinding the men, who, clang, scarcely breathing, to the rigging. "' The lifeboat will never reach her,' some hody shouted. "'Listen." Amid the uproar came the crashing of timber, and then such a cry of despair as made the stoutest heart sink and quake. " Soe's settling down," Jim Da.wling said, during a momentary lull in the storm. "But see I one poor fellow has trusted himself to a spar, and 'is drifting away frcm the ship. Ilt might' as well place faith in a straw. Heaven help us, we. can do not.hing.. Our boats would crack ltke"nuitshells in such' a sea. At that moment the' sky became ablaze with a terrific flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, end they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly seen as if a ray of limelight had been .turned on them, and even the convulsive action of his hands, as he tried to pull him self higher and higher into the tangled cord. age, was visible. "Lade," said Joe Belton, pulling his south wester'tightly over his head, ' I am going after that man, buh I don't ask any one else here to run the risk. It's my affair, for 1 yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured.; I want him to see me before he goes under". I want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." S"You are mad," Phil Oxley cried. "Joe I Joe I you are not yourself; you are dream ing. Can't you see that you will be core mitting suicide I - All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a life-buoy, to the poor wretch if he happens to pass this way.". " Stand back, yet, Phil Oxley, and yon all," Joe Balton yelled, snatching up an axe, as the men advanced towards him. " Saue or mad, I will have my way, and I ain going. Stand back, I oay; the man who thinas or trying to stop me had better. say his prayers.": Gi ood-bye, then, Joe," said Jim D wling. " We're not alraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doingfooliseb, useleae acts; Look at the sea; listen to the wind, and tell mae it anything but a well- manned lifeboat can live five minutes." " I don't expect to come back," Joe Bellon retorted. "I only want him to catch eight of me, and I shall be satisfied." As he spoke he cut away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Bilton and been drawn under the light-ship, and they raised a epontaneous shout as they saw tie determinined man pulling with all hiis might. And then they lost sight of him in the trough of the mighty waves chasing each other in mad haste. " He's a dead mon.' Pail Oxley wailed " tut what could we do H Ie'd have kept his word. cnl killed the first man who at tempted to stop him. And now he's gone for ever I Poor Joel" But no; the man bent on so strange an errand appeared to have a charmed life. T:e boat redo the waves like a swan. and nearer and nearer it dtirew to the spser with its wretched burden of huomanity, hoping against hope, and crying icl heartracding nac cents for help when it seemed no earthly help could come. Wnen withiin a few yards of the drowning man, Joe Belton turlee the blades of the ore oidt to the water and leaned over the gunwale. " Caleb RIze," hie shouted, in a voice that roes soove the wind and the turbulent ocean, S'You know me. Lolk at me. I am Joe lelton, the man whose heart you killed the man whose better nature you alew with your lying tongue. I hcave come here to see you die. Do your hear? I have come to see you die." rLze was a powerful. mstscsnir man, but his strength was nearly spent. He heard Joe BHelton's terrible words, and a cry of anguish burest from his lips; yet in that agony of despair Ihe made one more efiort, desertedl the spar, and clutched frantically at the brat. "Take: your hands away, or I willbeat them off I' Joe BDlton yelled. " Do you re member the lie you nttered? You told Nancy that I was only fooling with her, and that yon had seen ms in the company of my real sweetheart at Portemouth. Away with you I Down, down, and drown like a dlog 1" "Joe 1 Joe l" shrieked the frantic man, "if you beat me off it will be murder. If you have no pity on me, think of my wife and children. Thinr how they will miss me, the breadwinner. Think how they lor, me;, nd how I love them. Oh, itis hard t die like this, almost in sight of home, 1 God takes 'my life, He gave it; but you ar. only a man, and not my judge. Hate me a' you will, Joe, but give me a chance, ane earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done you no harm-little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed." The very storm seemed to hush its voice that the words of this appeal might he heard, and the man who had risked his life to see his enemy die before his eyes became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant he pulled Caleb haze into the boat,just as a shtun from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck. announced that the lifeboat was coming. He swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and the last flush of lightning-for the storm clouds were now rolling away- showed it indistinctly plung. ing shorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but hidden from view was another man, who lay in animate, helpless, and a mere mass ot huddled clothing. There was a rush to the Sailors' Hone at Shellsea, for the lifeboatmen had done their duty nobly, and out of all the crew of the vessel, now a wreck on the MIiddleatrand eands, only one man was missing-Caleb lIare. . The story about Joe Belton boon got afloat. It was told and retold, with many alterations and additions, and eve- ybody was making up his and her mindd that Joe had first had his revenge, and thrown himself into the ocean afterwardis, when, 'cool-as-a cooimber. Joe Belton himself marched into the Sailors' Home. " I want to see the chaplain," he said. " I have something particular to say to him. If any of you want a jab, you can take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to the lightship from Hove." The chaplain lost no time in interviewing his unexpected visitor, and learned from him that CaOeb Rize was not only safe, but by that time liring attended to by his own wife at home. " I couldn't face her," Joe Belton said," so I senst him on by some fishermen. Whoa 1 c think, sir, how narrowly I escaped havinnig the blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will sit'down a moment, if you please, sir." "Belton," replied the chaplain, "yon played two par;a, but the better one pre vailed. Bury the past, end remember 'that oe me tls are aver weak. To err is human; to forgive divine." There are people down Hove way who will point you out an old man wandering on the beach, with little children hovering round him, and tell you that t to father of the youngsters is it sea, and that he who watcbhe them with so much tenderness lives in a catteag on the cliff, but comes down every day for a walk with the little ones. And his name is Joe Bulton, who looks upon his act of revenge as the best one he ever performed ia his life. 