POPPY LAND. AS IT WAS AND AS IT IS. 7|Tf| HAT a fool you were ever to I*l • tsW- human being in_l tho secret ot your bdoved Cromer. Why could you not let it alone! Why on earth did you no* keep it to yourself!" Theso are the jeerint* and taunting remarks that are hurled every summer at my offending k*id. Instead ot being • benefactor to the human roc*, instead of being allowed te pride myself on my own unselfishness, I am, I regret to mj, looks-d upon as a tainted or suspected person. "Look here, old fellow, I have a delightful little placo of my own down in the country," observed a fnend the other day, " and I should like to ask you down very much to stay with ms as long as yon liko, but—well—will you promise me on' your oath you will not write about it ' tor, honestly, I do want to keep it to myself,and to give the slip to tho tripper." Quito ten long years ago I first mode the acquaintance of Cromer, and it was then tbe quietost and, I believe, the most romantic seaside nook in. England. It had no great hotels, no piers, no bathing machines, and no bands.. Sands wero good enough for us then: our bathing. machines wero th* clefts in th. cliffs, our music came from wandering musicians. I walked out before dinner, . and saw tho sun sink Ronton way a solitary pilgrim. If ever wakeful at three o'clock in the morning, I could.Jiavo seen the son rise over by the Lighthouse Cliff, standing- on the, tarf- that I suggested— entirely to myself—would be admirable for. golf. The green landscape was 'not' then starred with red-brick villas. The poppies hnd it all their own way. One morning, I, wandered aimlessly over this soft, turfy cliff, and found myself in the most romantic of Norfolk villages. I leaned over a white gate.and looked enviously into a roso garden. ■ I broke one of the Commandments. 1 envied ray neighbour's house, and he, the miller of Sidestrand, ■ re-said my ingratitui". by making me his friend for life. And here I dwelt, under the shadow of the old milt, nnd ( hero I discovered the Garden of Sleep, and here 1 became acquainted with the fishermen and the villagers, and here I have lived on and off, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, up to this very hour. For lam writing these lines in the very room, at the name table, and sitting on the same chair,. as when, in that rash but generous moment,,' I despatched the first of the " poppylan- I'apers " to the Daily Tetcyraph, and sug-. gested there were joys to be found in sum mer holidays outside fashion, and dress, and promenade, and society, at the seaside. ' But there are other sinners besides myself. It is not fair to make me alone bear the burden of this crime of publicity. ■ Scarcely was the ink dry that printed " Poppyland," in the largest drculation in tho world, ere George R. Simma arrived to advertise the glories of the Cromer district in his "Dagonet" column in the world-, knosvn Referee. Here, at the table! where I write, sitting in my chair, and dipping his pen into the inkstand presented to me one Christmas by th*, villagers of Sidestrand, the excellent "Dagonet" exchunged sentiment for his own delightful humour. He laughed, ha chaffed, and made tho place notorious. Ho drovo the predecessor of " Faust" about ths Norfolk lanes, and lost his way at nightfall. But tho genial Sims loves good company. He o|icned the stage door and lit the theatre at Poppyland. Here he brought Wilson' Barrett to write plays; here be conducted poor Robert Recce to breathe some fresh air once more when ho wns is extremist here came Henry Pettitt to collaborate with George Simms in the old mill garden. Ths profession, once tempted, poured into Poppyland. Becrbohin Tree dreamed ol Hamlet in the Old Mill House, and actually studied the Prince of Denmark in a secluded arbour at " Northrepps." George Alexander is well known at Runton and Sherringham. Hermann Vexin loves to bathe off Over strand beach. Ah t me, but I forget Thi* old table at which I write is far more famous than any of yon imagine.. Here, Algernon Charles Swinburne wrote -' A Midsummer Holiday," whilst his friend, Theodore Watts, composed sonnets in the bluo china dining- room. Plays, poems, essays, stories, leaders, descriptive papers, have all been written in this sunny little room, dear to me by many a delightful memory. And it is ten years ago sine* Louie opened the white gate to me, and said' that the traveller might rest Only two . seconds ago the faithful Louie o|iened the dsxsr to just' such another traveller, tsstm' assured him that there was not a bed to b< had ior love or money between Sh-mngban, and Mundesley. Wdl, what do you think ! Tbey have. built a Grand Hotel, and are designing a new and splendid Pier tbat is to have kiosquea antl shops, and a theatre and danc ing platform at tne end. Thereare bands of music all over the place. There are *s many donkeys and donkey-chaises at modernC'rons** as at Scarborough. The primitive little Cromer of old is fringed round with scarlet houses. Poets, like Mr. Sampson-Locker,' and politicians, such as Mr. Itroadhurst, Mr. Cyril Flower, and Mr. John Morley., make Poppyland their home. The golf links that I dreamed about on the Light-' -house Cliff are an accom*dished fact Tbe sands swarm with tents and tennis-net*.' Overstrand, that was once a hamlet of humble fishermen's cottages, is a red town let of bungalows and villas. The silent lanes, trodden so few years ago alone by the husbandman, fisher, and postman echo with the shouts of excursionists and holiday makers. Omnibuses, cAar-s3-"«n«, waggon ettes, donkey-chaises, go in oue continual stream all day between Cromer and Trim inghara. The old mill opposite my cottage has dropped its arms in horror at the change. It has tumbled down aiid given np the ghost The Garden of Sleep has been so' trampled upon by visitors that it has . fallen half-down into the sea.- From morning until night excursionists, gaze into our - rose garden, lean over my white gate.and babble continuously. " Poppyland ! Poppyland !* Nay, they do, more—they enter laughingly, and deiaanil relics of Dagonet, Swinburne, I'cttitt, Beer bohm Tree, and Wilson Barrett They offer bribes for Ssvinbnrne's stick and Dagonet'a pipe. They have been known— enthusiastic ladies these—to ask if they might sit in the chair of the author of "Poppy land Papers," and to handle his pen. Pretty dears 1 So, after all, was it wholly wrong to open to the world the gates that led to. Poppyland ? Some one else must decide that question. May they all be sr. happy there as I bave been. Deo Gratia* '.— Clement Scott in Theldler. i- 