The Lute Dr. Woolls. Memorial .Service at lUcIinioiul -Os Sunday mnruing, at St. Peter's Okurch, Riclitnontl, a sovviuo to the memory of tko late Dr. Woolls was hold. Tlio churcli was draped in black, appropriate musii: uud hymns we're selected, and at tho (joudusiou of the '?? sei'vico tho lavijo consrosation stood in thoir places during the rendering of tho ' Dead M u-ch in Saul.' Tho sermon '-was pvcached by the K?v. Gerard D'Aroy-lrvino, iucurnbont St. Matthew's, Wind'-or, who took fo'1 his text P*alm xxxvii. 27, aud Hob. rciii. 7--'' Mark tho perfect man, and behold, the upright, for the end of that man is pence.' 'Remember tbcin that had tho rule over you; w hich spake unto you the word of God, q.nd considering' the issue nf blieir life imitate their faith.' The preacher aaid that, in goiug1 to Mchmond that morning aud lovingly discharging tho duty of speaking of one whom ho had loarnod to love, ho askod for tho kind forboaronco of anv present who30 kuowl-idgo of Dr. Woolls, had been cl-'js-r 1 han his own. They would, prob ably, not expect him fo preach in tho usual course. ' Our hearts,' ho said, '? havo hail a wrench; for though wo knew, as ho himself did, that at his ago tlio end was always: near, yet tho rap:d- nature of his illness rcauedl tho news of his death to como.u'p'onus all uuprepurcd for ir.' Hoj.did iio£/pro .puso to say inuoh. in ,tho£naturo of .a bi'ig ii/jliy — i-i tJie natiiro ;o£.an;acenuut of tJio lii'i of D ?. Wboi!3r-'.7A'Jroadyiri tho jiiibliu press sj'mrjaUiotic; reports of liia life, aud tho chrouicloof i's priii cipal public movements, ' liad'appoarod, but it uus uioro of liis character as thej' hal all known him, of his c^ualitios and work that thoy would think. Before overytliing olso ho was a Christian. Whon in Holy Scripture the word ' porfce1. ' wa.s applied to individuals, it, gem rally convoyed tho sonso of 'whole- leartod.' ''With my -\vholo heart hnvo .1 sought the ?,' the psalmist hud said, ' Oh.'let mo not -wander from thy commandmouts ! ' ' SFark the whole, l.n.ivtrwl 111:111. hcliold tho miriii'ht, for the end of tliat man is penue.' Tho I honoured man wlir.m thoy mournod was whole-hearted in tho servico of God. Ho loved liis Master, Jesus Christ, nnd tho secret of his love for humanity, the secret of his fulness of | love was that the love of God had been shed abroad in his ho at by tho Holy Ghost. Ho had acted out the apostolic words, 'We love, bocauso He first loved us.' Before he had come to lliehmond— a place he and his dear sorrowing- wife always moutionod with I affection — ho was alroady a foremost man, 5!) years of ago, in tho old t wti of Parrainatta. There his name was still a household word. Just '20 yoars ago ur. \v 0011s nuu uuuu up pointod incumbent of thoir parish, and afterwards rural dean ; for ton yoars he had most faithfully and lovingly, most ably and wisely (as many thero well knew) watched over and n.arod for the souls of men committod t - his care. It was not for us, tho proacher continued — it was not for ;.s while here to know all, or nearly all, tho results of faith ful work in tho pastoral oflicc, but ten yoars ministry of a man who servod his Master, the Lord Jesus, as Dr. Wools had served, meant that, tho record was kept, iitul whon tho books wore oponed i tho day would doclaro it. Whon in his j 69th or 70th year he had resigood tbo pastorate of the parish, but in cjuiot and uuobstrusive ways, his lifo had con tinued to be a ministry to others, blest and blessing, oven to the ond. And as ho had lived— in communion with God I ™'U,-i ' lm/-1 'nndanmArl - liim ' ill' f.lin 1T1 51.111- festation of the fruits of tho spiiit, in poaco and trestful confidence — so he died, in. peaco .and rostful confidence In breasts of Christian men wore mingled .sorrow and holy rejoicing, as we thought of tho life tmd loss of tho honoured dead. His meekness and simplicity, and gentleness, his sweit ness and loveliness of character, wo loved to think of and remember. And whilo thoy thought of him as they had known him face to face, they did not forgot that to many to whom by face he was unknown, ho was yet well known, as a distinguished scientist and author, While. he was ono of Austra lia's groat mon, ho would himself empatJUicaiiy nave tieciurea wut Every virtuo ho possessed, And every victory won, \- And every thought of holiness Wero Christ's alone, As they thus meditatod upon the grace given to the servant, the Lord dive them grace also so to .believe in the Son .of God as to havo lifo in His name, so to follow and obey Christ as to havo lifo moro abundantly, -so should tho .Lord livo in them, except they wero reprobates. And tho fruits of tho spirit should be manifested in their mortal lives : ' Lovo, joy, peaco, long suffering, kindness, goodness, faithful ness, meokness, temperance.' Such fruits of tho spirit ho uad. manifested. ITfi hadlivod to the Lord,''he~had Uiod unto tlio ,Lord, ho is for ever with the Lord. And wo, Avbo rouiomber him and ? thank' God for him,- are comfortod by the. holy woids: 'I heard a voico from Hoavon saying unto me, write from henceforth '.blessed are the dead which die in the Lord.' Even so saith the spirit, for they rest from their labours' and their works do follow them.' 