HIS YOUNG WIFE. Mrs. Marvin's invalidism was oue of those things thut no one quite knew how it came about. Noither did anyone know jnst what ailed her.- In the meantime .there was Mrs, Marvin on ber couch, a viottm to her liver, or nerves, or whatever 'it was. There had, indeed, been a period of picturesque illness, when se had really looked her best in the most: fechingof tea-gowns, as sho lounged among her piles of gay silk cushions. But that time was long past now. "I've just como from poor Clara's," said the rector's wife to her dearest friend, Mrs. Gray, "and she looks perfectly wretched. Had her hair all pulled back from her face, and was dressed in tho most hideous old flannel wrappers, without a particle ol shape to it. I fear she is not long for this world." "Yes." rcDfied hor friend, sententiouslv. "when a woman ceases to care for her olothes in this world you may depend upon her affections being centred on her heavenly robe." And then she added, " What a fiasco that match haB proved, and we all thought it promised so well." " Oh, but you mnst remember," the other replied, dcprecatingly, " that illness may como to us all." " Illness, fudge 1" answered Mrs. Gray, scornfully. "I'd have just as much sym pathy for Clara Marvin as anyono if I be lieved she was anything but a hypochon driac. She just lies on a couch day after day fancying Bho is ill, leaving her husband to shift for himself, and that poor child to the care of servants, and she can't oven be told when things go wrong, on account of hor 'nerves.' My dear, it's just selfish ness. Wall, there's 0110 comfort — people can imagine themselves into tho grave, and then Rcggy will be free, and better luck to him next time, I say." In 11 way she had pictured rightly enough the state of affairs in the Marvin house hold. When Reginald Marvin and Clara ICnowlcs had elected to marry it had been one of tlioso matches that, as we are fond of saying, are made in heaven. Young, hand some, tho children of parents who had long been friends, and possessed of more than a sufficiency of this world's goods, fate seemed, for once, to have withheld 110 good thing. I11 addition Reginald was a young lawyer, ambitious, devoted to his pro fession, and already making his way in it. They set up their household gods in the cosiest and most elegant of little homes, and for several years all went well. Two children came to biess them ; Reggy | stood on tho threshold of u brilliant political . career, when suddenly all was changed, j Tho baby girl sickened and died, and I tho young mother, peoplo said, never got ovor it. Sho lost interest in her other child, her husband, her houso and all tho world. Aiter a while such intensity of grief wore itself out, as all emotions do, but somehow sho nover seemed to get back her interest in life. Reggy was devotion and sympathy itself to her. He, ton, had been almost heart-broken at tlio child's death, but ho had bravely buried his own passion ate grief out of sight, and striven to com fort and cheer his wife. By-and-bye sho had ceased going out at all, and day after day lay listlessly on her couch. Physicians were called in, who smiled cheerfully over her, wrote prescrip tions and prophesied she would soon bo well ; but she grew no butter, and with a sigh for all ho was giving up in his profession her husband liad decided to take hor abroad, thinking surely soinethiug in that world of wonders would arouse and interest her. " That was five years ago," ho thought, bitterly, "and, by Jove! I'vo been a wanderer on tho face of the earth ever since. Florida in tho winter, Newport in tho summer, Old Point in tho spring, the Berkshire hills in the fall. Five years, and 1 hoped to have been in Congress before now ! Well, well, it's rough on the poor little girl, too. I could bear it for myself, hut poor little Jack— it just breaks my heart to sco the littlo fellow so subdued and quiet and unchildish, slipping about like a lone some littlo ghost, for tear he'll make a noise, and, worst of all, with no mother to guide and irain him— just left to tho lender mercy of servants." And Marvin thought of a little scene that had been enacted that morning. Jack had come down to havo breakfast with his father, and after it was done had coinc around to loan lovingly upon his knee. He was a queer, silent, self-contained little fellow, but as he lifted his hand Marvin noticed that the fingers were badly bruised. "Why, Jack," he said, "what iB this?" "On; it's nothing," tho child roplietl, drawing his baud away, but with bis- eyes filling with tears ; it's nothing. I was feed ing the sparrows out of my window, and Norah told mo to put it down, and there was one wee little birdie that hadn't had a bit of breakfast, and I waited for him, and Norah got angry' and banged the window down on my hand" — and the recital ended in a burst of sobs. , " Poor little man I" the father said huskily, "poor little man !" and utter a bit, when the child went upstairs, there was more money clasped in i ho injured hand than was quite good for such a little fellow to have. Marvin was thinking of all this as lie sat in his library after dinner, and lecalliug the scene he had had with his wife when be had demanded that tho girl be dismissed. The remembrance of her hysterical tears and cries tnau no one uus jxornn under stood her poor nerves filed him with u compassion that was mingled with involun tary contempt for her weakness. A/C lust, tired of his own companionship, he let him self out of tho house, and made his way towards a part of tlio city near the great medical university, and much frequented by the students. - A few minutes' brisk walk brought him to his destination, and he entered a room whose occiipantB received him rapturously. It was a studeut's room, with a lamp burning softly on tho table, and piles of books and costly cases of surgical instruments ull about ; from tho top of a Bhelf a skull grinned down its sarcastic commentary on life. Every where were a thousand tokens of the pursuit of the occupants. One of these wus toast ing cheese before tho open lire, tlio other was burlesquing a scene of tho night before. "You see, Reggy," he said, by way of explanation, " last night our class gave a farewell banquet, and there was a good deal of what Dick Swiveller called ' tho rosy,' and Professor Blank took a littlo too much, so several of us volunteered to sea him home. On the way I said 'Professor, what will Mrs. Blank cay ?' and he braced himself up and answered in that ma jestic way of his, 'Boys, in Rome there is room for but one Ciesar,' Well, tho phrase struck him as sounding fine, and so lie went along the street mumbling it ovor and over— 'In Rome .there— is — room for but one Ciesar.' He was stiil repeating it in a hiuky and broken voice us we stood on his doorstep, when the window above us opened and Mrs. Blank put ber bead out. ' Don't trouble any further, gentlemen, ' she said, ' I can take care of Ciusar.' But you ought to have heard her voice !!' " Poor Ctesar I" tho others laughed, "And so," said Marvin, turning to the one who was toasting cheese, " and so, Phillips, you and Graham are licensed to go forth and slay ? I hear you did all manner of brilliant things at your examinations." "Ye-cs," returned Phillips, "we did fairiy well, but you know man never is, but always to be, blest,' and we may have just been sitting here trying to compute how many of our fellow-creutures we will have to sacrifico before wo can afford a year in the Paris hospitals." Reginald looked at him a moment in silence, and then said, "Do yon know, that gives me courage to say something I came to say but doubt I should have done — " ho paused in on embarrassed way and then burst out— "I don't know how to begin— I feel liko I am a cud to do it at all, and if I am wrong I'll never forgive my self ; and yet the happiness and well- being — I havo had too' many occasions to know the truth and loyalty of botli of you to doubt for a moment that what I am going to say to yon will be regarded as a confidence, and yet a man hates to open the door of his closet and say ' Here is my skeletcu,' to even his best friend, "You both know my history too well for mo to need to go into it now. Yon know that when I started out in life I was as dovotcd to my profes sion and ambitious to riso in it as yon arc. in yours. You know just as I felt my foot J ou the first rung of the ladder v, e lost our littlo girl, my wife fell !r.:o iil-health. and from that day fo this my lifu has been spent in. a sick-room, and of ulltliat I dreamed and planned net one thing has been done. We don't say much about our feelings now — it is not fin dosiccle — but I tell you that it is the bitterness of death to see the men of inferior abilities wo might havo distanced outstrip us in the race — to fen! tllab wo are ton hnavilv hanilinanned to even mako a start. "I could bear it all well enough for my- solf, but poor littlo Jack — how is ho to grow up to bo n good und noble man, left to the care of ignorant and cruel servants, and with no mothor's counsel to guide him ?" He paused a moment, and then went on abruptly : " Wo all talk a lot of rot ubont tho growth of reason, and breaking loose from tho swaddling clothes of our early raising, but I toll you in the groat crises of a man's life he is not a reasoning animal. Somo day when you are swinging carelessly along you come face to face with somo great tempta tion, and you don't sit down and argue out that honesty is the best policy, or that virtuo is its own roward, or any of tho rest of it. Something that is the outgrowth of childish prayers lisped at your mother's knee, and long talks after she tucked you in the bed, bits of old talcs and heroic deeds that stirred your pulses when a boy, impres sions and feolings you had no name for — they oil surge back on you and give you tho backbone to choose what is clean and right and honest — or else you go wrong. "I try, in a blundering sort of way, to get at my little man. I take him up to bed and wo talk about giunts seven feet, and dogs and all that, and all the timo I am miserably conscious 1 am out of place and his mother ought to bo there. Only a mother's hand is light enough to touch tho white lilies of holy things and not bruise and break them. When I think about my childhood and how my mother used to tuck inn in the bed and sing, " ' Hush, my child, lio still and slumber, Holy angels guard thy bed,' it seems to mo all tho good in mc grew np nbout it. The other night I was at soinu minstrels, and a fellow with his face all blacked up with cork eumo out and sang a littlo ballad— something about n mother bending over a cradle, but it had that refrain, and ic brought it all back, bo plainly— my own childhood— and I thought o£ my poor littlo fellow being put to bed by hired servants— and I pledge you my word I could have put my head down on the chair in front of mc, as I saw a woman do, and sob. "I know you aro both I nm doing a dastardly thing in coming to you to complain of my wife. My only justifica tion is this — I have come to believo she is a hypochondriac, and that if alio can bo roused up she muy be cured. Ycstcr- duy I had Dr. C— , tliu great specialist ill nervous disorders, you kuow, 10 sec Iier, uud he said, '1 cau find no symptoms of disease in your wife. Shu's a — a little hypochondriacal, perhaps. Ii — er — you could interest licr in something outside of her own case — take a littlo trip some- wbcro " 'Good God, doctor I' I said, 'tho only place I cau think of that would have the charm of novelty for licr is ber own house.' " He smiled ill that quizzical way of his and replied : " ' Well, in my practice I havo seen women who had been invalids for years cured by necessity. Husband would die, perhaps, and they would have to go to work, and thut, was tho lust of their nerves ; but I don't recommend sueli an extreme course in your case,' and ho wcut off' chuckling over his joke. "Now, what do you think ? Can wo rouse Clara and save iier from her own mor bid fancies ? Jack anu I would be very grateful, and — and you ncedu't worry about a way to go to Paris." Phillips laid hi3 band affectionately on his friend's shoulder. "1 believe we can, Rcggy, but— but it's not for the cheque. I haven't fully hit on a plan yet, but you tell Mrs. Marvin that a great German specialist in nervous diseases is here, and you have made an appointment for him to como to see her at 1 to-morrow afternoon. Pile it on thick about bis being tlio final court of appeals, and say his name is Herr Dr. flypoiiundustaubo- pobus. Going? Well, don't bo down hearted ; we'll pull her through in spite of herself." As the door closed upon Rcggy lie turned to his compunion. ' Graham," he asked, "can you do a bit of Dutch dialect ?" and Graham answered " Yes." The next day there was ushered into tho Marvin residenco a long-haired, gold- spectacled professor of singularly youthful appcaranco considering thu eminence lie had attained in his specialty. Phillips accompanied him, and addressed him with a vuico that was hushed with awe and reverence. The great specia list gave Airs. Marvin a most thorough and careful examination, and then turned to Phillips. "I will with you confer," he said, ab- ruptly, ana tney wero snown into a room adjoining, and only separated from Mrs. Marvin's by portieres. Accidentally— or was it design ?— they stood so near the cur tains tho patient could hear every word they uttered. "How many years," demanded tho German savant, " halt aho dan hor husband ? Tun— fifteen ?" Mrs, Alarvin fairly , writhed on her couch with anger. She did not hear tho reply. " You haf dcr proverb," tho other went on, "a woman is as old as she looks. It is no use to do anything for her. Sho will not tho year live out. Dero is too much ego iu her cosmos. Sho lives on herself, her emotions, thoughts, desires. She haf no "thought fcr der husband or dor child. You haf one word for it — selfishness. Sho will die. It iB better so. Dcr husband, young, haudsomc, rich, he will himself con sole ; ho will marry a pretty young wife." Mrn. Alarvin writhed with an agony that was not fancied now. Was it true? Sho lmd not thought to die. Was she going to die V And Reggy would marry— hor Rcggy — a young wife, and pcopla would congratulate him and think him lucky to be rid of her? There was madness in tho thought. For tho first time in years she choked back tho hysterical tears that she might hear wh'at the deep, guttural voice was saying. "She might get well? Undoubtedly, but she will not der effort make. It is better so, mine frendt ; der young wifo will bp dcr fitting mato for dcr handsome hus band. Let us go." Airs. Alarvin heard them go softly down rthe steps, and then she rang her bell and gavo peremptory orders to tho servant who answered it that she was not to bo disturbed on any account, and whon tho girl wus gono aho locked licr door. All night alio lay sleepless, going over and over again what the physician had said — she would dio and. Reggy would marry a young and pretty wife. Was it true she was so solfish ? Conscicnco roso lip in tho silence of the night and reproached her, but above the voice of conscience was that of naturo crying, " Your place will be filled with a young und pretty wifo." There was a littlo mirror near hor on a tabia. She soized it and devoured her re flection in it, and then sent it shivering in a thousand pieces on the floor. " I will not die !" sho said, between her set teeth. "I will bo his young wife and people shall not pity him because of me." Next morning, as Reginald sat over hie breakfast, feeling like a criminal, a note was brought him which read:— " Dear Reggy, — You havo indulged my whims so long, indulge them a little longer. Go to Boston for a month on that business trip you plauncd, and do not ask to sec mo before you go. — Clara." Ho did as she suggested, full of wondering as to the outcome of his ruse, but when bo oamo back Clara, fair and pale, and a littlo wan, but exquisitely gowned, met him smiling in the doorwuy, and clinging to her in rapt wonder was littlo Jack. "Reggy," said Mrs. Marvin, a few months later, across the breakfast tablo one morning, " wasn't it strango thero was nothing said in tho papers about that groat German scientist who cured me ?" "Oh," her husband answered from be hind his paper, " you know those great guns in science are as shy as schoolgirls." But on an outward-bound Cunarder wero two hilarious young students, who made no secret of the fact that tliey were on their way to Germany to study nervous prostra tion under the great Hcrr Dr. Uyponanda- staubopobus. 