Mr. Buggles's Con version, By Grosvenor Bunstep, " Ghosts 1" sneered Mr, Buggies, "bah I rot I humbug I ' Figments of the imagina tion, my dearsir— disordered digestion, queer liver and so on, /know. Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when she was in a temper (as she usually was), usod to say that if she died first she'd baunt me. Haunt me I hal bal bat Poor girl, poor silly girl I" . Mr. Buggies was sitting over bis wine with three or four cronies. In tho gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire bad suggested to one of the guests the idea of ghosts. He was a tail, leau, sepulchral sort of man with a voice tbat seemed to Ibsuo from some hollow drum, and altogether one of those persons who, we should be naturally dlspoaed to think, was given to supernatural fancies. Moreover, he drank gin.' His name was Jubbs. " Well, I don't know," said Mr. Jubbs, " Perhapo some of these day's she'll keep her word." " Eh ?" cried Mr." Buggies, sotting down the glass which he was in tho net of rising to hislips. " Eh?" " I say that perhaps she'll keep her word." "Poob, pooh," enid Mr, Buggies. ". Don't talk like an ats, Jubbs. ' Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and — ah — so on, should talk like tbat," "Well," said a heavy-looking man named Jinks, "I don't know," and he drank of! his glass of port. "There's no telling," observed a small man with spectacles at the other end of the table. 11 Shakespeare telle us that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." " Shakespeare, said Mr, Buggies com placently," was a — a— fool." Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world who bad given utterance to this opinion, ' In the reign of the George the Third intellect, "Shakespeare is poor stuff,", and the Scorgt tbo . Tbird inteUeot. is the average order. . Mr. Jinks and Mr. Jubbs felt aggrieved. But when a man- is dining with another he fe, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It -was not until they were walking through Fitsroy Gardens on their homeward way that the) expressed them selves very strongly about Mr. Buggies' rude method of disposing of » debateablc question. " If it badn't been I was sitting there as hie guest," said Jinks, "I'd ha' told blm what I thought of him." . " Tell you what," said Jubbs, " It would servo him right to give blm a'-sonre." - "It would. If we could raise the gbostof bis wifo now. Poor woman, no wonder -ebo died." ' We'll do it," cried the other with en thusiasm. " Wo'll do it; Oonfoaad- the iellow with his self-opinionated airs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg." Whereupon tho two friends there and then resolved that the thing(should be done, con vinced tbat it would bo the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinct ively folt that Mr. Buggies was a rank im postor, and like mast bodies, an arrant coward. Time passed, and Buggies still maintained bis defiant attitudo as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless, be bad latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eocentria noises and movements around and abont Mb house, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitsroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable .field, wherein on Alderaoy cow grazed. Now tbla co rf had latterly oxhlbited some evidence of aberrations of intellect. Sho wonld begin to bellow for no asccrtainably reason abont midnight, and it not looked up in tho stable would tear aronnd tho enclosure furiously. Buggies consulted a veterinary surgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her- as hcnlthy a cow as any in existence. " Then what makes her fly around at night and bellow fit to raiso the roof off?" cried Buggies, irritably. "Dashed if I can tell," enid- the Vet., "unless Bometbiug frightens her. Maybe," he added, jocularly, "a ghost is aronnd, and It don't agree with her." This was a joke, bat It struok Buggies, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon- sclouslv aimed at hie heterodox notions in the subject of ghosts. Ho told the Yet. tbat he talked like a fool, but as he paid that worthy a guinea, the impertinence was pookefed with tho cow — complacently, Bnt this waB not.nll. Contemporaneously with the cow movement, there wore other eigne "l' the air" of supernatural high Jinks, ' Every cat in tho neighborhood seemed to be animated by somo interest of unusual character. Thoy scattered about tho roof, moaning and spitting fearfully. The hooting of mopebawke could bo heard; while dismal meanings outside Buggies' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird but suppressed shriek added to these fear- : aorde- episodes. As for tho watchdog, . ho yelped, and howled, and bayed, nnd barked until ho grew as lionrno as araven. And Bug. lows bogan to bo norrous, Ho put tho eorvantson watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; tho cow wont on en beforo, co did the cats, eo did tho mopetiriwks, so did tho dog, and the moans and screams did not cease. It was . getting serious. Bugles bed to drink an extra glass or two of toddy every night to steady his nerves. Ho went bo far as to epeak to his friends, with affected jooularity, about these matters. But thoy loo-ed grave ; Jinks ahook his head solemn ly, und Jubb'o repented Shakespeare's lines rcfle'cbivoly. "Well, I'll end it eomehow," said Buggies one starlit but rough night, tube oat listen ing to tho moaning of tho wind, and tho rat tling of tho window shutters. " Thoro I Thcro goea that darned cow again, and— nnd—" A mournful cry. was beard, an , from one in great agony, aii'd just close to tlio house. Buggies shook. . c "If it be nosaibW.aftor nil," ho muttered, "and sho has Ifebt hor wordl Perhaps' I didn't tract 'toa- QJAA qad above ' well— - IMWOUBMSJ" Sometimes 1 The lato lamented Mrs, Hug. glcs had led such a life that death muethnvo been welcome to her. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to the torrora wbiob now began to take hold upon Mr. Buggies' Imagination. " I'll sell tho placo 1" ho mattered, " and tbat cow shall be slaughtered to- morrow. Gracious I how that dog is barking. I can't stand It ; anything is bettor than this sub- . penss, I'll face it, whatever it is." And ho buttoned up his coat, and otapped bis hat upon bis head with an air of manful determination, Seizing tho first weapon at hand — it happened to bo a hammer which he wns in the habit of using to orack geolo gical specimens (for ho dabbled in scicnco, did Buggies)— ho issued forth into the garden. This ho traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was with a firmer step nnd stouter heart tbnt ho passed into tho field. The cow was stabled, but aho was lowing mourn fully. As I havo said, the night was clear, but ' the gush of wind which passed the field and bent and swayed tho trees therein, moaning the whllo, lent an uncunny influence to the time and scene. Again Mr. Buggies' spirits fell, qpd a creepy feeling enmo ovor him. He shivered, paused, nnd was abont to turn bsek, whon his eyes fell upon an object, tho sight of which mado him jump into the air liko an acrobat, dropping his hammer In the action. And then ho atood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their ccckoto, and sus pended breathing at tho thing bofore him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from' head to foot in n white garment, which covered her arms close into ber body. Boggles could not recogniso tho features because they also were covered, but his ex. cited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to him that the figure wnB that of his dead wife, and that without doubt she: had kept her word nnd had come from the Bhades to haunt him thus. The figure did- not move, ruve tbat it swayed in the wind in whloh its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Buggies gazed until his knee gave away, and nt lust, with a suppressed shriek, he foil to the ground iusensible. How long he toy thus I do not know. When ho recovered himself and sat up, and turned bis eyes fearfully towards tho spot npon which ho had scon tho apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the house, let himself in with a Iatch-koy, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast glass of brandy ; then he crept to bed. Bnt no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he - had looked upon haunted him through tho night, and for many a night ' thereafter. But, singularly enough, from that night the trouble ceased. The oow censed to bellow, the cats banished their concerts to just and natural proportions, the watah-dog no longor barked his tail off. And, though Buggies sot some stout fellows on the watoh none of them ever saw the ghost. As for the mopobawks, everybody sniggerodi whon Buggies spoke about thom. Mope-i hawks in. tke centre of Fitzroy — pooht' ridiculous I i However, Mr. Buggies' experience had a very salutary effect upon his.mind and man ner. He no longer argued with suoh dog matic offensiveness, and, to the surprise ot Mb friends, would listou to the most extra ordinary statements with an air of credulity, and humble trust, wholly diffarent to that self-assertive manner with which be bad been won't to dispute mntters beyond his ken. Altogether he was a changed man, and Jubband Jinks plumed themselves upon the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. For- it was indeed to their ingenions in vention that tho matter was to be traced. The veterinary surgeon who had been called in by -Mr. Buggies to inspect the cow was in the secret, it was he who supplied certain herbs' which, partaken of by tho animal- being dropped into the field during the day — brought about spasms about midnight. Her bcllowings wore but an expression of pain; but, as Mr. Buggies could not read, cow langaage ho had been unable to inter-i pret these. As for the cats, the wicked con-| splrator' had gathered' them far and wide,; encased thoir claws in walnut shells, tied their tails together, and otherwise caused' them to contribnto to tho hubbub. Of course, oil this mads the dog bark, while the mopehawbs were simulated very easily. And, further, the figuro which hod scared Mr. Buggies so dreadfully was nothing more than a fashion-frame such as linen-drapers nee to exhibit ladies' dresseo. Tho thing, after all, was very simple, but it had beon conducted vritb such caution that nobody had been enabled to make it out, or expose the fraud. And, as the result bad been so happy, Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves- with the reflection that the end sometimes does, indeed, justify the means,'. 