THE LAST DAYS. [By Rev. CANON H scon HOLUKD 3 Preached in St. Paul's O&thedral;, London. "But this is that which was spot en by the pro phet Joel Audit shall come to pass in the last day-, saith Uod,-1 will pour out oi My spirit upon all flash."-Acts ii. 16-17. " In the list dtys 1" They had come, with aleap, at a strobe! Tiieywere in tlie last days. That was the thought that possessed the Apostle*, that was the supreme meaning of the law in which they stood. Msliind them lit? what tbey oalled "Tde Ages," the agon'with their slow, i"a*sive, movement, vast periods that bad unrolled tnoir ponderous issues in ordeily sequence, dlsdorfng In graduated series the gathering purpose of Hod. Far hack boyond all memory, beyond count or measure or record, the centuries stretched, lost at isat in the mystery of the beginning. Through them ati God's counsel bad worked its way, sorting them into sections, diitribinim; them into dispensations, 'building up a more and more intelligible scheme, as Earfc was added to part and s<ep to step, here a ttle, there a little, line upon line, precept upon precept. What a wovfe it bad been, so laborious, so patient, so immense I And yet, looking back at it all, each passing year seemed to f allinto Its place, each period to bear its put in the growth. Con fusions dis.urbaucea, contradiction-all seem<d to shed themselves, and there was left the solid march of events, regulated determined, foreseen, coordi nated, welded togetbor, pr- t<oed into the service bf a single purpose, steady as an army mo> ing under, its banners, a thing on whch the eye could range with outaheadandsumitaUupin "The Ages"-"the dajs " In thoeecharacteristic pbiases the past Is recognised as a coherent whole, with an intelligent logic moving through a harmonious rhythm. Human history la no accidental result of the .conflict of atoms, it is a story, a drama, with its plot, with ?its several acts, with its unity, .with its P'oper successions, with its prepared moments, with its predestined crisis. . Thj> whole of It falls together into a plan; it can be blocked out into its main divisions; it constitutes "the Ages"-thedetermined periods. And now that series is closed; history has touched it* coal, the final scene basbeen reached, the climax the denouement, suddenly, in * Sash, men have turned the List corner of the long weary road and there before them ilea spread tbetliimitable ocean, which lathe «nd of all their journey. That is. the temper of the Apostles as we see tbem in the Acts; that is the temper tbat breaks out again and again through the earliest writings of the New' Testament. Tbey are in the last days. Tbat is the; astounding news 1 They rtasd there amazed, even, like those Spanish wanderers who first crossed: under strict Cortes tbera>t continent of America,, and looked with " eagle eyes upon the Pacific. 1 Behind them lay many a strange adventure, many a peril, many aloss. Aimless and blind it bad ail: seemed, as they staggered alone through those' black jungles, over tnose murderous mountain-. barriers, after their itout liearted leader. What; could come of it? What end would there ever be? How great had been the risks, and for what profit 1' And now, in a swift stroke, tbey have topped the' uttermost crag, they looked out, and lo I before them the wide waters or the antrarelied ooean I. , There it lien, at last, gleamimi in the peace nf the i down-dropping eon, the end of all paths, the close; of all longinge, the awful and infinite eilence of the; sea. There it Jav, and they cotdd but stare on one < another with a wild sunnUec So it is in this awe: tbat the Apostles look out from the uttermost edge: of human life upon the nnvelledeoene befoi-e them.: "Then cometh the end;" the end of all things is at: band, it is the last hour. There is noibinii now left to happen; the path that has streLcbed on and on. before men's weary eyes, as if it would never arrive: . anywhere, bus abruptly toncbed lbs term. There,; Tight before them, there inthatbl-m of glory intoj which the broken pathway vanished in splendour, 1 lay the end. There was to be a pause indeed-* momentary suspense; tbey bad not touched the] mighty waters of the ocean, they had only seen j . them. thire was still the intervening ground to. be! covered, there was stDl time to prepare, the last trumpet had not yet sounded, Christ must yet < ' "eomeagiin." Andjust In this interval, in this pause, lay their; tipportunity, their mission. The«nd was insight; ? tint men had a moment in which to prepare to meet it. The "last days" were upon them, and "then: cometh the end," " Oh, make haste,make haste f i that is their appesL Tin-re Is bat one thing im peratively necessary, and It is to bei^ad) lor It. - And so, if men in their eon nainn ask, "Whitehall we do?" there can be but one answer-"Save your* ' selves from the untoward generation." THE NEW WORLD. Bo Peter cried in his haste, standing on the Tenrple : -staire, and rat what wondurs hare {happened since then; whatworldslie between usaadhlml What an -extraordinary <ii«&wefnjm; that Eastern crowd to < whom he spoke, to the modern population that iieara those fervid ?words still, After all the long centuries, read in their years I A thousand 1 thousand things have intervened, and all are new- ' all have sprung into esistenoe «inee tbat day on : Wtiich history seemed to him to Awe reached its < nlttmate end New influences have started into life, that have transformed from top to bottom the whole fabric of thought and of society. New i methods of thinking have come and gone, new . i philosophies hare conspired to beildup a now hope, &sd; still the process continues, and still the mind gathers in uisclpliiia, constructs freshformulas. and develops novel capacities. And literature M a hundred new tonne since then ;itfcasupeued out nnfaMKendepsstmentsilttie*touched chorda fa the heart which had never then sounded. It has given the eoal sssombend ravelabons of height and length; it has eutfree buried feeling. Augustine and Bents and Shakespeare and Goetho And Wordsworth-these names recall whole worlds that have Sung themselves side to man's conqnerlng entry. And music, as we know it, feeebeen-cresttM since that day. »nd artbas risen and fallen, and risen again In shapes beyond our conn ting. PoH Ucal life has made ventures and experiments in a variety and on a scale that could not then have even entered within the boldest imagination. And " science, bow can ire speak of It? Sow can we measure itD-the limbless heavens that have hung themselves above oar beads, until mason staggers at Us own discoveries, or the infinite d'lioaey of inconceivable detail that lies bidden in them, evety fragment of this breathing nation, faraway, beyond the reach at dream*. And the practical powers that have been set in action, powers that move tUs bogs modern civilisation, flowers wrong oat of the dark recesses of earth ana sea, and placed at tbe prompt service of every daily need. And lbs industry, the organization of labour, the-changing forges, and tbe roaiiw looms, aod the fla^nlnx vires, and tbe rushing ships, and all the wbld of oar tireless mechanism. Why so on, why attempt it? Tbe change Is -so stupendous that language becomes breathless in merely noting down Ms record. And still the ch*ng»goei on, faster periling now than ever before. Still the possibilities grow, still tbe disclosures offer promise of sriiii mure, still social Ufe Increases in balk, In camsllc&Uon;, in scale, in richness, and in capacity. Utile sign as yet of arrest or exhaustion;-on and on theenoraons bums moves, on a path that stretches indefinitely ahead. What, then does it meant Whatabout fit. Peter and "tbe last days"? Was be utterly mis taken? Where is the end that be announced? THE OSJ} GGSPJSt. My brethren, the vaster tbe change that we can note between St. Peter And tbe Temple stairs and onrsdres in fit Paul's this afternoon, tbe more marvellous becomes ibe vetifllcaHi n of bis word*. Tbe degree of the nodal and m«ntal chance is tbe measare by which we oaa teat bis troth. For what he asserted was that, come what may, the last word of God had been epoken and the last dispensation of God had been reached. That was tbe thought that overwhelmed him. Jesus, that very Jesus with wbom be bod himself familiarly lived, talked, eaten, and dru k, whom be had followed and loved, was m. prophet who should utter bis message and pass, was no teacher who should hand on Hie word com mitted to him, sealed by bis martyr's blood, was an hero who should leave tbe world the legacy of a splendid memory, no Jewl»h Messiah wbo should bring bade the kingdom of Israel, noteven a second David, who should after gloricus deeds lie down and sle*p in tbe tomb of Ilia fathers. No, He was far, far beyond all this. Be was tbe one and only Name whereby all men from that very hour at which Be stood, to the uttermost moment when tbe earth wctild crumble into ruin, could alone be saved. This Name, evalted n*w above every name In heaven or earth, or tinder tbe earth, would live in that eternal life, wblcb no yean would ever drain of its vitality, no custom would ever stale, no change ever antiquate, no attack ever tapeiil. It would last to the very end, ft would cover tbe entire ground,lt would reach on and bOII be sufficient and still he dominant, whatever man might have to do or suffer or think or dare, whatever experiences he might accumulate, whatever' adventures he might run, be would never find himself beyond the sway of the Christ, he would nerer leave Cr rist behind bim No fre-li utterance could ever come from the Father other than that uttered In His own eternal word. Up till now Ond had gradually advanced in His efforts, in Bis covenants and in His relation ships with men. The apostles were full and defi nite in their conception of a divinely ordered change. St. Stephen and St. Paul had formulated the Idea of histo rical evolution 1,&00 years before modem criticism. They recognised the development that led to Christ. But now as thev stood, 1 here- is nothing further that God Himself can do, He has set down H s last stake. He lias brought tbe growth of man to its adequate and perfect close in the citizenship of heaven, in the life beyond deatb. That is the end. But when the earth tumbles to ' pieces, dissolved in fervent beat, Cbrist will still be where He is to-Pay, no mire, no less. The interval spent may be short or long before the kingdom of tbe living Cbrist has poshed under it all the resis tance of tbe world's deep sin. But though it be a day or a thousand years, ft all forms but one thing, one period, one act, one epoch, one dispensation, one covenant. When it ends the world ends, it closes the human horteon. We stand at the last pause. There is only one act of Qod to follow this, the act of Judgment, when the last pause shall have been shattered by the Archangel's tiUmpet, and the end of all things will be come, and " we shall be ccanged " THE FIN UN Y OF JESUS CBRIST. The absolute finality of Jesus Christ, that is wbat St. Peter declared, and that is what is asserted by the Feast ot tbe Ascension. Rncb a declaration must have s unded impossible and absurd then, but 1,000 year-have already gone to prove its truth. Wave after wave of change has swept over the face of the earth, language, biblt, logi>-, history, experi ence, industry, society, science, all have undergone transformation after transformation. And still Christ stands, still His name prevails, a till He il the supreme moral standard, still He stands alone in human history, still that vision abides in its in comparable beauty, in its perfection of pathos, tbe vision of One who spakeas none other ever spake. Still there is no ont else who can venture to Bay " Com« nut i me all ye that travail and are heavy laden," still He remains tbe Ideal .realization of what the spiritual manhood in as may attain. Still no one attempts to tjiare his throne. Still it is as true as ever that if He is mrreodsred St is not because He is surpassed or antiquated, but only because tbe level of our po3»lbilitle3 has sunk, the hopes kindled in him have lapssd. To rssfgn Him is to fall back, not tn go forward. For .He is tbe supreme pninttoucheo by man. There is no mis taking that. No changes have dunmed that ethical and spiritual supremacy: therefore still discussion and debate turn round His claim as hotly as ever, still the wondering wistful eyes of man rest on Him witb-the same fasci ration. Ay, andstill Bis appeal puts out its ancient power upon hearts that are heavy, upon lives weary and worn, upon souls that sicken and die. Christ iB here, fhrist cornea on our alters, Christ enters into our .souls and bodies Nothing has altered Him, though we are so utterly changed. What changes could be greater than those which have already passed over His message, since it was delivered on the temple stairs totbegathered Jews? Tn Jews! Not one of us surely can measure the tremendous violence o* the change which carried it at first out of the heart of Jndsism into the width and multitude of tbe Roman Empire ? And no sooner bad tbe faith possessed of Borne than the «ntire scene was revolutionised. The social fabric disappeared, convulsions shook it into fragments, hordes of barbaric races poured in npon the ground. A new world had to be won, foreign to everv condition that had determined tbe first Chris tian advance. If Christ bad been fitted for tint earl<er environment, bo* could He possibly not dis appear with its disappearance? How could be survive on an earth which the flood had swept and blotted out tbe landmarks! And the answer was complete. Medteval Christianity was the wonder. fu> witness that there .was no surprise for which Christ nould not suffice! And then, onee again, the convulsion ot the Braaissance brought the whole medieval system in ruin to the ground. New natlonalltiesawoke. new con! bents were found, new,philosophies, new liters* ture, new asnirations, new motives brake in with masterful impetus and nwept the i»oard clean. Civilization forgot the Mediterranean, round whose shores it had rfluug for two thousand yean; it crossed-vast oceans. It embraced the round world. Homo, with its vast empire, became but the ghost of a vanished empire. Tbe human movement gave itself oTer to fresh people; it developed fresh ten* dencies: it launched out op momentous discoveries; the mdern world was -rested. And there, hi the -very thick of its achievement*, fa tbevery heart ot its adventures, moved with its movement-etui the llvfne Christ. Whatever else the lost three centu ries have been and done, tbe name of Christ baa been tbe central force. Amid all tbo shock of revo lutions the impression of His imperial, mots! dignity, His infinite spiritual beauty, lias risen higher and higher. Art still has deemed tha' faoe to be the touchstone of its highest effort. Music, our own special new creadon, the last-horn of the arte, baa found <te finest mis'ion in ministering to the honour of His name, 'through anthem, and cantata, and mats, end oratorio,. ? ; TUB ttOOUL BBOOKSraUGXlON. So it has been; and now, yet once again, there la a new disturbance. The Europe of tbe Renaissance -? ta breaking-. the effort of the sixteenth century is ?peat. Once again a reconstruction seems at hind, j Nsw religious wants area! work, new social neces sities. new methods ofthftiking, new history* new temper, naif crittoism, saw IndutHal and Inter ntiVmril ifflraMwrtilfTM; ttieoldlBrodEing, tbe new is vague, tentadvB.tumifltnous. And *et. amid it all, an we turning to Christ-are «. feeling after . Christ witlut new&nd; passionate sense, that* siter all lifts been said «mH done, the hope of the days to - come can be found nowhere If not In Him, ts&t; gtautgs and solitary figure. Alone fie rides all storms; alone Be survives the wreck of reputations and the dissolutions of systems; alpne Be can pre sume to face the strain and stress of the social situation; alone can bind together afresh the brotherhood of man; alone can give us standing ground amid the rash and swid of tbe strong entrants of the change. How this verification of St. Peter's brave words t Ills, as be said, "the last days" that have &rrired;it is becoming evident thai Christ will hold good unto the very end; Be will outlast all acol dents; when the earth itself falls will Bis mission here on earth closet It will close with His coming twain, but he still remains theflnalajid only, salva tion right to the very end. All that has happened only goes to prove St. Peter's words. Emphasize as you may the enormous difference between that earliest moment in Jerusalem and the rituation in Burope as we know It-the enormous difference in mind, association?, knowledge, tone, ferling, and experience between that simple Galilean fisherman In Us Oriental vestments amid the Passover crowds In an Eastern city, and tbe modern cultivated Englishman In coat and hat In a .London aired, to-day, and yon can hut bring out the force and the truth of St. Peter's prophecy; yon can but heap np evidence to the astonishing fast that Jeans Christ would still be to the Englishman what He was to the Galilean, the same to-day as Be w»i yesterday, and If so, than surely tbe same, not only to-day, but for ever. When we are anxious, when things look ominous ahead, let ns j ait repeat over and over again this one question put to yon to-day, what changes still In store for us can be greater than those Christ has already survived? what social changes can be greater than from Judaism to Gentilism, from Soman Imperialism to Mediaeval Church, and from Hediteval Feudalism to Modern Industrialism? What intellectual change can ever be more violent than that from the suppositions of ancient astro nomy to the discoveries that have followed the work of Copernicus, Galileo, and Newton ? Yet these have all come and gone and lett tbe spiritual and moral supremacy of Jesus Christ exactly where it was. Still all other characters fall below His, still all ethical ideal* arejudged and placed below His standard measure, still be the difficulties what they may Be is without a competitor in the relifiious domain. The question is not between Him and some other leader, but between Him and none at alL There is no other spiri ual chief to whom the sonl can commit Itself. Without Bim it must go nn its way orphaned and uncaptained'. He is tho first and the last, the Alpha and the Omega of our religious existence. Therefore It is in the last days that we stand. What a serious matter for our own personal con sideration. It means that God haB no new move to make on our behalf, no new oiler to propose for us. We now hold in our hands all that can be given us from Him to carry us through tbe last hours and up to the Judgment Throne. There 1? no more to coma Somehow tbit is very hard to believe. We are content to tide along from day to day, feeling round the faith, perhaps feeling after God, waiting upon what may happen, hoping that we shall man age it some day, tentatively touching holy things, faintly experimenting with religious belief, talking ft over, thinking it round and round, dallying, pausing, discussing, in half-hearted sus pense, butnevercommitted, never quite surrendered, never convinced; nothing compels us to vital deci sion. So we hover and pause, and never quite close in with God's offer, desiring always just one thing more that will confirm its validity. Yet "no sign shall be given." That is the one demand Jems always refused, for He is Himself the sign, and the only feign, from heaven. Hois enough, He is all; He is the uttermost and last offer tint God can make. There He stands, and there He will stand forever, just as He stands to-day, pleading the suffi cient plea," Come nnto Me." "I, if I be lifted np, will draw all men nnto Me." There He stands 1 It Is no use looking for something else, for some thing more, for something better, or clearer, or more ln tellglble, or more warranted, or different, or addi tional. Look at Him I He Is God's final chal'en«e, the best, the fullest, the raogtadeqnatewitness that God could give of what He Himself is, of what He is doing with us, of what He will prove to be hereafter. God, who knows all, can see no better. way of appeal and succour than by sending His own Son And if thar. will not suffice, nothing else will be of use. There fore, make haste, "linger no longer in doubtful allegiance." "Behold, now is the accepted time, behold now is the day of solvation." 