THE RITES OF THE CHURCH. A solemn requiem mass was held yesterday morning in St. Michael's Church, the celebrant being the Rev. P. Cussen, while the Rev Father Collins officiated as deacon and the Rev. Dr. Gallagher as sub-deacon. The customary Gregorian chants were sung by the choir lead by Mrs. Carew. The altar, pulpit and reading desk were draped with black. The Rev. Dr. Gallagher delivered a most impressive address which we publish in full. It was as follows:- My Dear Brethren, — I will interrupt the sacred and solemn ceremonies in which we are engaged in only for a few moments that I may ask you to join your prayers with the merit of the Holy Sacrifice for the repose of the soul of Gerald O'Byrne. By the death of our departed friend, another proof has been added to the many with which our town and district have lately furnished us, of the uncertainty of life, of the suddenness with which the final summons may be addressed to us, and the necessity of being always prepared for our last end. 'Man born of woman,' says Holy Job, 'living for a short time is filled with many miseries; who cometh forth like a flower and is cut down, flieth like a shadow and never continueth in the same state.' But yesterday he was to the view at least of a stranger, in the seem- ing enjoyment of robust health and manly vigor. Today we see him such as death has made him. But yesterday the unimpaired energies of a vigorous intellect and de- termined will were devoted to the activity of a busy life. To-day removed from his sphere of high and extended usefulness, from the affections of a loving family, from the hopes of many joyous years to come in the bosom of a happy home, we are consigning all that remains of him to that grave that awaits us all. By his death our town and district have been deprived of a valuable citizen, whose vacant place it will not be easy to fill; his family have sustained a loss which they cannot now calculate; our Catholic congregation has taken from it a most earnest aud devoted member; while all those of every class and creed, who enjoyed his friendship or knew him socially, will miss the benefit of his clear, unbiassed counsel, the support of a heart that even in trouble was always buoyant, the warmth of his friendly greeting, the genial clasp of his kindly hand. There is one thought amongst many suggested, to me at least, by the life and death of our deceased friend which might be, for not a few Catholics, turned to profit in the time and place in which we live. Many even amongst ourselves seem to be under the impression that our Catholics are, by reason of our religion, heavily handicapped in the race of life — that the manly straightforward public profess- ion of our belief is a serious bar to our worldly advancement. Many think or act as if they thought that the practice or profession of their Catholic religion still subjected them to civil disability, and that the denial of their religious convictions was the surest and safest passport to popular favour — that in a word the abandonment of their duties to God was the only method to achieve official and commercial success, or conquer the prejudices that are arrayed against them. Now, if there be any position which tests the highest qualities of a genuine Catholic, it is that which our departed friend so long occupied with such signal credit to himself and benefit to the department of which he was such a distinguished and trusted servant. There is no department of public life in which the church comes so closely into contact, I may almost say, into antagonism with popular prejudices and with the workings of the State, as that of educa- tion. Her teaching on this point has never varied. Semper eadem is her motto still. She still holds aloft the banner, to be seen by all, which she has ever held. She still maintains that, however excellent our system of education in this colony may be in many respects, it has one serious, one capital defect — that the divorce of the religious element from secular instruction, the studied elimination of all spiritual and supernatural motives from the training of children de- prives them of the surest and noblest source of strength and happiness in after life, while it inflicts a grave injury on the best and most permanent interests of our young coun- try. Yet though he occupied a position in which a feeble or wavering Catholic might have specious pretences to be weak, time serving, sycophantic or servile, he never, so far as I know, trifled with his conscience, or bartered the principles of his faith for pre- ferment, or social distinction, or place or pay. He so bore himself in his most difficult and responsible oflice, that all its duties were discharged with distinguished efficiency and marked success, without abating one jot or tittle of Catholic principle, without ceasing the practice of that religion which had in his childhood been the moulder of his character, and continued to be the guide of his conscience, and in all the trials and sor- row of life, his support, his solace and his stay. He was at least, during the last few years of his life in which he was familiarly known to me in the intimate relationship of one of my flock and one of my friends, that which a Catholic who makes no special pretentions to extraordinary piety, may well ambition to be, viz., full of deep earnest faith without ostenta- tion, strict in fulfilling his religious obliga- tions, assiduous at the laborious duties of his office, firm in character, impartial in his decisions, always doing that which con- science told him to be a duty without fear, favour, or affection; as a father prudent and affectionate; an upright, broad-minded citizen; a warm-hearted friend; kind, genial, courteous, and benevolent to all. Not pride, however, but humil- ity and loneliness of spirit and hopeful fear should be the attitude of the Christian in presence of death. Words of praise or flat- tery ill become the Catholic priest when looking upon the face of the dead or speak- ing from the altar of the God of justice and of truth. We have come into this sacred temple not to tell the good qualities of the departed, but to offer supplications for his immortal soul. He had his weaknesses and frailties and failings as all of us have; graces were often despised and opportunities of good neglected for which he may have now to atone in the cleansing penal fire. Bowing down therefore our heads in humility and faith and hope nnd love, let us finish the solemn oflice and holy sacrifice in the same spirit in which they were commenced, by praying for his immortal soul. In the beautiful words of our solemn and venerable liturgy, let us address ourselves to the just but merciful Father before whose judgment seat he has gone. Remember not, O Lord, we beseech thee, the sins and ignorances of his youth, nor those excesses into which through violence of passion or human frailty he has fallen. For though he sinned, he still re- tained a true faith in thee, Father, son, and Holy Ghost. He had a zeal for thy honor, and faithfully adored thee, his Creator, his Redeemer, and his God. Eternal rest, there fore, grant him O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him. May his soul rest in peace. Amen! 