corraoinn?.] P IAORILAND HO Nature's 'Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance,. BY dTI1~ IVES3'BUBr. CHAPTER VIlI.-Co:envoEn. ,i mUll can slide into ruin if he is boot polu it just nas asily no a lad can lpass down It smltooth llank after th6"nmanner of a mni;ikey. My friends introduced mnn to a money lender, whoi, for a onllidera tinl, took mly note of lhad, and ollplied nle with what oash I wansted. Luck was anglinllt Uo ialways. It mlattored not with wholtn I plyed the loans I recoived nielted away like wax. On day I received a torn, proleptory ? foltt I 3f?orr fr't) i m flief , Ollunnnlilndig i1u too ret ,ri .~ l olol, but o llt 'lly OW0 wild, el wt 'did the end come? It Lselous to io now only nos tIll rullllllbranco f ao1me horrid nightmlare when I try to disoutnatiglo coll fused phantaslllagoria. 1 know 1 ihad beeoll drinking hoavily-drink in any shilalo had hitherto been a so ch11111011 poison to tlie, but 1 took it groodily nlow to still conscio0co. Frol the foverish dosire to roetrieve my lososes I had passed oil to a carelessn, callous illdileronlco. While money was lsupplied to mol took it, and. did not trouble how or when it should bl pain back. It was onlly when the llsource stopped--drid up, tihat the awaliohilg oanlll. I remember it was a dark nighlt ill 'February that Il founid nysoll f nmillng all olouo inl a slall retreat, a sort of ihrubbery, adljoinilg the villa at Hawke nest. I hald lost a large sun of money ; I do not knlow how much, and had given a bill at sighllt on niy fatllher, the Generail. My llild was n chaos, I conilictillg hell, wherein tlno hulge, black shadow astretched its blighltillg wVigs between lU0 and the stars. The shlape was self dlesi'rtclion. Yea, above Ihoe wlolled lolom aroundl. thllat oue tholughlt took shapell like a streak of light in It r1ave thunderiloud. Sittinlg re ur lllsing ad strlgtllhening the torri ble devil withlinl um, I becalno awar thallt I was not nlono. Two plersolns, whonl I easLily recognllised ill the darkilness asO J0c-' ly 11 Vt?iborolgh and Itiah ]larjew, on tereid Iril ill arn, iand paused withlil a few foot, of me11. " Amld so you are rosily going to.mor row, Joulyl."l, sahe aid, in low trollllilg acclents. Milst it really be to-lmor row l'" "l1eally to-llorrow, door lhihll," he r, pllid, rclleaslilng his ar anld folding heur to hi llosoil. " I havl boolln away sovell lnonths, four woonks lolger than lily tornll of lerav." ' ' Well,' I suppose it llmust be so," llh said ; " blt I will follow you to lMl-.I bourne, Juo'ilyln, l'nl determlllnlld." SW'll\haot I leav youllr devoted seniall, Mlr Ashford, to mlourn your abseneo," h11 ctrie withll nock sllolulllity. 2- ?"l10w: ]BaltI haerjowldralw hornelf froen his ollllrace, and straighton her ligure to its fill height. "NII mi ore of this nonsns1e1," ishe cried, stallping hecr little fnt ill auddien Ilesioll. " \\\ilhlt haro i to do with slc01 It foolish feather-brainl I this bi11y. ])I you tlhink it pnosible thalt 1, tlhe daughter of Illlnllki ]al'juow', _ wiidler,l'rakohoill, Iho plolihd rook of society, oulll enterltain otll Uri I ua thuughlon such Ia gruol-heladed fool, arive for the niporllllse for which we use such ina lie. a;li I tihe halwk land the doe cannllllt limate." Fr" srgiveo Ine, Iliah ; I didl but jest," lie criedl, again unfolding hier. "Wthy not cla0o with l10 La Mlulboiurnu ?"' " All, why lnot ?''" she lulnwereod, ill a voice tlhat shook with stronlg OUlotioan. " Youi have all tllhat a wuolllill such as I 1 call give you-love. Ili it you haven a slavie, .lcelyn, for over. Tllle m where l you will ; butli bclware y3ou deceive e noIll . 1\. lln of that dioplsitnl 0wloilth does not suhlmit to wrong tmu1uly". lie led her out with soothlig wordln, his ril, rounid her wvcist. I have nlo ilen how llong I sat in thatI trtrelt. lloiotll footinlg, lifll itself illmilltd ulsplelided wllthii mnlu. l'hl cup l Of hitterneso wnes full anLd overflowing, if I had not boUen hold spellbound withl nlllialillellt I woluld have struck this wllonllU dealt at the foat of iher piariamour lr 1 halld io power to hack the tronlig will, Likeu Ithe nllUlnlbllllll who rotir' to hIl soft 0ouh anlid wakes lip to lind himllsell onil. Fsole daligerous peak er eheIsn, I folund ll yself lat tlhait IOlnl0lt whon tllhe scalou toll frimnlli ny oyeH. In lllne singleo illlmluent of timo a ma1li ian0' explerienlce that which crowds itself into 0i lifutiio. As I write ,now, aftor thIosu years, tho old horror com0es back to leu, llnd I havu to lay down lily plOli Ilntil it has ,passedI. Chiristl, pity and strongthen all those who are weak and sre tlempted. Thilat on01 shadow whlioih I hugged in I y ldalr hourl still poiinted the way to nie, aini I followed it. It pointed tlo a ro. volver hung r vor the liroplac iln my bed rolmtn itl Glencolrt. It was still night whlen I reached hollo. I had not beenl there for mlonthsI Inor had lI anlltred the litany lltters aOllt to 1110 I roachOd 111'y r0011 stealthily, took dolwI tieI wacponO laldedo it carofully, nld hild it ill my bosoln. As 1 oropit calutiously alolig thel corridor, on 1lly wily 1utof tile louso, a door opnlled suddilyl, alid the GeCIIeralo I tanod lbefore e. " So," onid 1101 sternly, it is youll I Tomlllo Asliford, rogue, gamnlbler, thif, erawlllng illto lily hIous0 l1ike a burglar iI theo douid ol niglt 1 Ytil wh1lln 11 halv lovild, 8nld who I ihnngiiold Would prosotro thoo hollor of a, old ulld untlltllrllisheOd ilame, Ilarv bholkenlcd alid drallgged it thloughl the llliro. ]00ogonl wroth I You 0ar0 io lolgo r sol of UlliUo I Ilnioe I hoIfoire I kill you. Strip youroself of thalt lwhlul you are not worthy to boor--my ultiln 'nd never lot Ilu look upo0 you ngali Wlthouot a word I uboyed, still follow. i'lng Ilte shalldow thlalt loUd u1n, I walkUd till. wllrd full of on1 thlought. DIwii illct ii, • Ilnd thiU dly gre0 OIl 1 n111d IIOwhen evelitg fell it found lu Ii lA solitary raviie oiii the eastern shloro If tim lnu. I hlldl nli it110 of tilllo, or light, ordalrkilless, for thia p.lf an8no shllpo of lotdeltrutlioln haI l nlo orollughltly il its lr?slp. It 5me0od itl noak lit life with its olitrp agonells, illl ,intletd Lir w11 u t of it. A sp, antl llItl htwos dollo. I poiltedl tit wonounail l hay Ileart, wholn lo I anllotoerishaOlC 0l11u1 >5tweI 1110i anIu tllo ltlupter, uand sl03yed mly dlamuull xl pUil 'iU se,. Th11U IhIadl nV 0lld 1 Mbrm Iilid nutbstlclluo of a Wtiniianl, Iwitlh aII pnii'alUe xlancholy rac; irvblch loloked down upon Iu wllith a world of syipithly itt her loilllo oyes. ' Grasping tha revolver aho wronchod it frnom my hbnd, and throw it into thedeop waters at our feit. Then alia spoko. " Foolish boy. Would you kill your soul an well a. your body," slie said. " Who are you " " A womsin whoso yearn fit her for yoiir inother, and whoo sulfferingsa out hIlanci yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth," nho cried. " I lhavo soen you with the villains il yonder don, and I watched yotl, for I Haw that it would comneto this in the end." The shadow was still with ino, and I nuswored sullenly, " Enough Indanm ; lev u mae to myself. A wretclh suc as 1 is not lit to live." " Hush," pleaded the soft voice ; "pain and sorrow nre sumietiiCes Lth nlilliiatrs hy whicl we are purged of folly alnld in. I, like you, havo euunl tlo black gulf, llt of which culeno a devil to lure Inlo 10 ,ur dition. 1 lad a treasuro onl which my whole heart was fixed. Mine wis i plroud heart ; and thu trecsure wias taken from il1, so thatn I might Bso the beauty of uhellilyit." " lio are you 1" " l in Elaio Illlck. God heolp to. Night after niglt, whil full of annoltor iurlpoas, I have watched you going hInd. lonl yonder whither villaina led you iand whilo I watched, t o Ieo canio tie thought that if I could only lead you halck tif tlo dnarkness into the suinlight again, loeaven would blessa my olloit, ind restll'o miy i'ronalro to Iiu."' 1 coniillt say holw tlie ld iwnt out of i leit tlhis poor croalilru'a lil:adilln. iiI ler cucelnts aiy dead inolhor saoUe cld to speok to Ine froui tlhe world of spirils, niad uliy heart was multud, the dread lshpe exorcised. lMr Blinck took ieo to her liouie. lluro tlio traiii upopn my' nerves gavo way, nnd I lIy in a dangeroau fover, through which I was carefully nursed by mly liobl lhostes and hor servant. With heailth and strongth cino thl rcsolvo to ntoill for iny past wickedness. No iMora T'lniplo Ashford, but Tomplo Vanie. Vnoll the omaiduln lin iml of lmy poir deald mothuer, houlil be cnino until 1 had redoiuomed Iniyself-' until I lhad plid back tho monoy I had lost at Hawks uIt. And lo na glamloi of light falls softly oin tlo 1s pll thleo words. Mrs Blluck, nly enieofaictruos, is here bollonllh thue aimo roof witli mio, but slio does not recogniuo ino il the nicrlld conlditioiia of imy lifo. 1 siaw lir kind eyes grow dint to-niglht, ilid turn thoughtfully mty way as they lnllg,- " Trust the lad al little longer, o inot fear ; Hlo will bolter grow and atronger; Father daor." HaIv 1 grown bettor and stronger through those long, long yoars of lonely exile ? AmI I strong oiinough to nay, " I will arios and go to my Father I With tly UHevenly Fathor's blessing I will." OHAP'TER IX. AN 01.1 FACE WITIL A NEW MASK. It is night-a niglih tlht ldoes not pro out itaelf iaiiny tiimes during thie oiisummer eonaon in lnourilandl. Thel mooilihglit gliihmoroei otn rook niid clasilli, oil treo lid alhrlul, and oil the wido, dusty Great South road leading to Otago. With tho privilege of the novelist we itiluah. Iave -thosed i ofo.?o? raator.a. Pi'iofnlls unIder the toindor enroe iaid loea iitality of Major Weldon and his failily whilo we draw aside the curliin, nlud ro iveal snme others who lhave pruoninlont partsI in tlia aorio- conoady of nctual life. Across the uplands and tlh ruggod slopus, shihimmering unldor tlhe Iinoln's rnys, luon hli adows lio, minlglod witlh i inlo, flitting light, which shifts fromi ridgo to ridgo, and thlu is goio like a ghost, leaving tlie lilandlcapo ribbed with bri' of gloomll. Out on the welterll ridge, bearing acn vward, and fully twenty mlilos distiilt, I ie lights of Tluranlga nro clearly discern. ibl. light and left, as far ns thle aight call pierco, thlie slidoiw of liick forealo ntreolc, liko hlanck gorlmoluit, awaiting tlie tumgic Ltucll of the sill to chalmgo thloii into lhe groon aniud golden glory of Now Zenulidii foliage. In amonig their eiibowoered darkllne , iluuly venl i theli night, Ilicker and illiin the Illlny lighls of a large mniiionl, andl froiim whoseo puln windows thloro coies at litful liimelo tlh faint echo of mullaic, wlioal roaiclloh the lonuly, duslty road. It comiue like a loat voice calling into hll night for sOL0 Bsolitnry. wandoring spirit, for whomi it lind iwonrioe cild wnaltd long.' As if in obadienc to the imournful iall, limping slowly within its cliho coesI a wayfarer, so gount and gliastly tlat it ncudld but onl touch of lmoonlight to chalge him into it gioat. Ilia tattered coal, nlld the palo face abovo it, bathed in the wnn glimmur, hald i weirl, otunartlh ly look. Again a soft rofrain rushald across the Iknuri trooa nnd into the lhiglhway, whoro thl vagralit wayfarer stood anld shivered. HIo otarted no though a living voice had cnllul liitii by Ilinle. " 1 0a1 cominig-cominig," hle snid, hur riedly. T'Ilin ilittiring l low, liorco ontll otn his folly, sat down to rest him self. lo halnd lhrdly alid down upon a heap of debris at hlil feet when a sharp voice callil out, I" lilloa, manti I doyoul want to be run over? Got out of tlh way ; imy horso ovildlntly does not like you." The tralip rose slowly, but kopb il the hllldow of tlihe tll flrna, whicli lihuroaboill grow titllor tlian tlio fleinc. Freom hIl vnntaigo grounld hIe acanntied tlihe woll-np pointeid vehicle lof theli iiowcolior, lis liglh Rtel|l)ilig I|orBOi nnd liastly Ills liiuidsomu flici, ion whicli tliho ilounliglit foil witlh a cold gliter. " Lm;k hero illy innll," he criod, " tlioro's a gill abollt lhero eoeiiiewhero; ind it for mIll, ind hold it opeo, ianid tlhernsi' allf-aorcriowlii oryoulr truubLo." "I 1 kl w nilothiling iiboilut your gllto I'lmn atriuiger lhero," tried the othlur, roughilly. " A Btrnlgr, ll ? Nover ilild, you l1hav1 eyos, iinil kllnw a galo wholl you sau olln," rosllondelld lie ill thlo trnp, trying 1o othel hisa lorau, wliulchl wa1 beoilling ruatlir. "I e Iliow nIthing abillit it," multterod thlo aln on fllut, shrhliling fiirthlur buck inlto liu ring of glhiin aslrollding 1I11I. An u1t1il tprn gout froi iln th othuer. " iDon't you soe 1 aitl't got dowln I" Ito cried, throilgh hia art teotl i," If yli ire liltt 11 hlrking thller, yoil will 1iiinU forth and dii wlllt Inakl. I wouild nlt tiloiile you if tlliu britu ivla t ll il inn-1 ngeablu, My greuuti-c- oifuiulld llhhn linas iilanad iu noHiiiiohueliw." Nut th( liillitli or the tauilt acconipnlly ilig It, hblt Oimiiilhig illn tl viuo ofI tlio alpiuiku'r cailulald Ilh i wcory lndl raggoil aliilt tldwieor to elmlirgil fromi Ilia ilstollilty illit the full light of tile llion,. 11o tlook throliui a!rliIas t thei ollnvoyanilou, nnd toluled atiiir At tio inoillrm a utt lit » . > " Well ! will you find the gate for me ?" naked the other, without deigning to noticu the rIdeness. " Yes. Whero is it; which aide of the road 1" " To the left, near yonder log." The gate wias opened, and, with hat hlnuclihd over his eyes, the wondorer stood Illding it ns the lhandaumo dougart dashed tlhrough. Fifty yards away the vehicle was pulled up suddenly. " Thailnk you I here's your miioney," he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coil. " What place is this ?" asked the tramp.. " Ulioncour, and tllis road is a short cut to it," replied the oilier. " Shut the atue, and put yonrsUlf o1 the other side of it, ily Ilman. 'J'lheri('arU aly aioulltof liarco dogs nt G(luncourt, iand they are by nu lliiculs partial to tramps." " is hat CGlncoiurt twNty yonder with nil the lighils . gleaming thruighi thll win down 7"' (luriedlt the liatterdomalion. "Th'lt's it. There's a ball there to-nighl and li'l late, aso inutiity ti-ta. If you're tlinkiiig of trying your luck, bleter do so to- miorruw. You'll got llthillng to night." VWistling a natchl fromn same oilera he lrive an, tih dust of Ilia wheool flying bleck in tile face of tle lman lholling the gate. ' lTere i a qieer lollon that Sl?a11 face as lie closes the gato with a sharp snap, aS if it hdil been the terrible jawa of some no IllOllntotr closing (in its pruy. Thie iimin does 'iot even look for the inoney thrown to hlim, but limps dlowly along thie paith tile other has gone. It is ta broad carriago drive, lined on either side with noble kauri pines, but it lias maniy zig-zag windingse. Firom tree to troe, keeping still in the gloo, lihe treads his wily, Intil a luiinilg of the long avenuel brinlga hili in view of the house. It is a largo stl uctuira the ground bo ing openl asboutt it. llu cali soe the great gates (i tliu lodge, and the lodge itself ablaze willi light, and lio road'loading to it crowded with carriages. STIe plhac is fully a mnile dstant, but all the surroundings are plainly ilis ccrniblo. leyonid the mnsision, on tlhe oppoditoe ailo of tlihe edge, there is a long alrutbbery, like an arcade, and lit up with Cliiiese laniternis and otlier parti-colored lights. Fromt tis there floats upon the ears of tile wayfaror, laughter, and the dlow ilini of iinny voiues, with anon a Striin of soft ilnusic. " What a devil of a strange world tlhis is," iiltttors the tramp, talking anl look. ilg wistfully before limn. " Ilre have 1 been two whilo days without a grain of food having passed lly lils, slid yonder tlo people are surfeited with dainties. I wonder what they woul(l say if 1 pro nllted imyaolf, snd begged a goid square tmeal ? Ballh I l'mi not on for any such foolery, I'ii stroll, yet, aind canl wait. Pationce is a virtue, land, e od I it is the only virtue loft to Ilia, since nol other al ternative lill been loft to Ilia but to prino lic it." Ilo looks about, and filding a soft couch of young ferns biinoieth the lofty canopy of a wido spreading pinl, seats hiii'solf tlireoni , wiitli someothing like a groan of pain. " I'll tay hero till mtorning," he col tillnued inl tlie snlle Inuttering toeli, lls if that kind of self colloquy wias habintal to hliml. There's the dlog stllr only a yard high. It can't be far oir daylight. All! tel timoe of day in hif s fob to klnow OIIIO .hinig of the dtuars. How nilany long hours of the night, vwhili if they ouiil lie totted up would go into yursn, hvoe I watclued lloin froml betweeo the -bars of mly coll it P'lilridgeo They have seOolitd to fle just like a iin'si lifo-rising-soaring falling - thl o gone fromi sight alto gother." Ilis ro(lection Rsoomu to bring another train of thought, " I hadl hopad that the terrible picturo of mny old lifo had gonli for over fromt my memllory," le says, prosently. "Thli face of hlis in111 brings back the nily dream in all its sterln reality. Why should I think of miy sllturings in that dro?ille'n, earthly hell - Pounridigo? WVly ' Tlhat lnil brought iOlitiirics that formnid ithe connieting link. IluiiphI locelyn Vallbloriughl, if that 'van Int your voice, it was th1at of your ghost. Lot tle thlink." Anld lie liy ack at full longth oil the fragrant furns, with his hands clasp, d lirmily riulnd Ihia head. In litful gusts the narly mornig brcczo lrouighit llh straiis of the fir-olf inusio to his iars, intcriingled botilmis with a faint peal of mnurry liuglitur. VWhatever Inight be thie snijoot of Ilia thoughts it tool him along timel to thliik thle matter out. Tho stars hail begutn to pale, giving place to lhe purple blush of dawn ere e li oved ; wlhen he rose, how over, there was a settled, fixod purpitsn in his eyes, aind in every lino ul his rugged face. " I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," lie cried, as he banit his steps to. wards Gloncourt," 0CIAPTER X. SRIMEANT OUNN. Nestling amiild some of the most bold aiid romanti o hills to be foind ini the whole of New zealand, Gloncourt stoitl pre-ominlitb among the few pilces in the province of VWotland as tlhe seat of Major eneral Asliford, 'le o drivos around the eslate re chlarim-. ming anid miatolloes in their bonaty. Froim the brand terrac oil the eoullh side of tlhe uilding the lhndsuapo had a gradual fall, rovealing glilmplls of x quiito piatchies of rooLk, river, anid forest, and beyond tlhose the waters of the South Pacillo Oceitn. Thlie houso and grounds hlave cost their owneor largo suinis of money, but Gnaural Asliford is waonlthy. For the most iart the old oflicor is of a rotiring disposition, Ilis onl daughter, IHilda, does tie lionlor of lOllnaourt oo cllsionally, and does it wilth a skill bo fitting ioll of thli old Northulmberland Ashlord brood. Tile Imornilg Is gloriously filue, and es* peoially as arolund Gleonourt, the lattor' domalliol thiiltks, as he wonds his way to. wardi thlia lodge. In the broad glare of day ho looks tlhe iIont nwreolihed hang-dog tlilue that over luft the preoincts of a prisltn uato. The burly, woll-lod lodgekouopr, ntand. ing at hlia gato, notes the ragged trampl's approanch. " Now tithni, iiny main, what i itl ?" he cries, " If you'vCu clUe0 for ilolney this la tile twrolig Ilil i bhutb If you wniits Ia feed, wall, I've no o uOjetinisa, Iprowlidli' as yoIu eatu yiour wittlue lirs, itnd dous a job o' work for it nfttrwatrds," " I sltllor want money nor food at yourlhatials," atlsworud hll IanlI, grullllyi an tlhu salil thnu elirveying the portly lunlllkoy with eIntumplllt. "Oh, you don't want mioney, elh? P'ray, whllat do you wanlt, tliol " cried the othlier. " Wlhat you don't seo1n to poasoes couinutl olivility," nwa\vuued tli tranitp, shunerileo - ' "Al, indeed. : Here's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to lecture on eti quette," cried the lodgekeeper, in sar castio tones. Then changing to sudden passion he said, hoarsely, "Curse you for a battered, anoalty, gutter-chick what's your business 1" " I wish to seo lr J.Vanborough ?" " Of rouifs yo;f,d6?.;. the man in tite moon-or any other i mrobable person ago. Now, who's MrJ. Vanborough 1" " A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog cart-came late, and by the short out along the ravine yonder." The lodgokeepor opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rage before him more'-attentively. " Mr Jooolyn drives a dog cart, and is at the iall ; but I know of no J. Van borough who visits here,' said lie. "1 may have been mistaken in the naneo of the gentleman," replied the man. " Air Jocelyn arrived by thli road about elea on o'clock ?" " Just about that hour." " If, as you say, lhe is at the hall, bh good enough to convoy a message to him from ime." " What message ?" "Toll him the man who opened the gate for him last night wishes to speak to him on importintbusiness." Th kiooper of the locgd, placing his fat thumb to his riubicalnd nose with a knowing look, said, " Noyou don't, old man. That game won't wash with Potor Sloweome. I have no doubt hut what you are one of a gang iof bushrangors come to rob the plane." The tramp laughed. " Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger roguo than himself," lie said. " If you won't carry mly message, I shall easily lind otlier means of communica tion. Go0.d day to you." " Stop a innuto WiVlhat in your name, friend ? enquired the lodgokoeoer, soo ing that the tramp was moving away tih road lie had come. The other rellefted a noment. "If you are inclined ito take my mos sago, no lilano will be railuired." " Yes, but Mr Jocelyn mlay have for gotton all about your servicb last night." "Truo I If ho has, I am content to depart without an'Sudiq~fid.' '..,.' ? " Very well; stay whore you are. I'll soud and see it ADr Jcolyn will receive you." Ho went within the lodge, and present. ly a youth inl buttons 'cano forth and crossod the lawn. Within five minutes lie returned with a request that the tramp be admittod. " Good luck, my froied ; you'roeut a poor,. seedy devilpat best," says the keeoor, opening Ihiselodge gate. Take care Mir Jocolyn doesn't pack you offto ganl for your painis.'. Without doigning a word in reply, but with a look of witlhring disdain at tile speaker, the inan of tatters passed through with lis limping gait, and fol lowing his conductor, entered tle grand nIllilion. There are so many grand rooms and corridors and passages to be pasoed tlrough ore they reach the wing in which I le captain is located that a chango of ceudnetors is necessary. An old groy hoadod porsonage, tall aid, reoot forin of a dragoon, coinos forward to ro liave the Ipage. " Who is this man ?" he asks. "A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sergeant," naswers the buy. " Good I Itight-about-foe, my lad. March I" cried the sergeant, as if the paog had boon a squad on parado drill, andl the boy, witha etsile, instantly obeyed. Th'e sergeant watches him pacoothe long corridor with even, military stop; tihe turning to the now-comnr, surveys hlim froim head to foot with unmitigated surprise. " 'uoi'ro boeen in lthlo wars, comrade," lie says, lholding Iis head on one side and purising up his mouth. " WVars " ochood the tramp, looking lard in turn at the matn before him. "Why, ye ; I reckon I've seen service, Sorgaunt Gunnlt." At the sound of Iis name the old fol low druw hliliself up1s sti as si as a ramrod. "What, you know me " lie oried. " 1 I do, certainly," answers the tramp. "Tuom Clunti, oithrwiso the slasher, as hlis coiinrades termined hin, served twelve yours in the 7th Diragoon Guards ore li was selected orderly to Colonel--now General Ashford." "Swords ad pistols I Who are you 1" arild the veteran when his surpriso en abled him to seleak. "Onlya poor,,iroprobato who fouglit for his country in the Orimoa and il India in the . rankas of the old 7th-that's all." " Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. " know every man in the corps, from Sergoant Major Halsoin to Bates, the trumpeter. " Call you remember my face." "No," said the old follow, after a close scrutiny of the other's features. "I have no recollection oE you. PurhaIps you joined tle regiment after 1 left it." "Not so." replied hthe tranmp, with a pitnllar amilo. ' "I was saddle to saddle with poor Major Denby when ho was cut in two by a round aliot at Balaclava ; and I roeienlhor when the ioeloo was over binding up a certain corporal's hand wiho had tile iisfortuno to lIso part of it, with his two fingers attached. Stretch forth your handi sergeant, and lot no look at it." The voteran laugled, " Hero it is," quoth he, "or at least what the Russinns loft of it. You're no fraudl, mall, itf you know those things. Allen Oruingo, of D. Troop, was thlo man whole ripped the.. slcove lining out of his coat to bind up h?y taimed hand." "1 onl that unfortunate follow." "You I" "1, Sergeant Gunn." ", Why, Orange was but a boy at that timei and you-you lIeok fifty or more," " have had eno'eglh hardship to tnako me look twice fifty," retulrned the tramp. "Do you recollect the 27th of August, 1867." "That was tho day of. theo attachl on Dlhii." "Correct. On tlihe oveilig of that day Sargeant Gunn, with a search party, iouend olIne of his regimont amtongat a leanp of dead Soliys. 'IlThe nin was bleeding to death fronl a blullet wound, which had sliattercd his knc." "Ah, 1 see you'r tlihe mant," ilntor ruptud thle sergeant In i mtore kindly tullt. " You wer lamold for life." " For lilae,1"'ibhood the other,. " I was dlisollhurged with a small pension and thil Illlmpl" anld lie oubbled three paces along thel o wll.arpeted corridor and back "You still Ilave thi Iei usioll to fall back Suuoi Grauatl"- '' b? C'onliuusd. IMH I 