SMOKE HO ' ' Coffins for four !' shrieks the Aus tralian Workman. One of the four lends the Daily Ghost £50, and is forthwith allowed to spread himself over two Workman columns in an attempt to defend his past political treachery. Truly, gold is all-powerful — and consistency i3 a jewel ? Workers are reminded that the col lectors for the electoral rolls (under the new Act) are going round, and as the intention of tlin rintfopnmonf ? Kir flian* nf inn In a an rl t n rr registered letters to old addresses — is evidently to keep the bush workers off the roll and dis franchise them, it is every worker's duty to see that his nime is kept on. Dear Worker , — Mr. J. M. Toomey, who is one of the trustees of the N.S.W. Worker, and who was elected a trustee by the Con ference of the A.S.U., which declared by resolu tion that no paper should be supported unless owned and controlled by the Unions , has his name published as one of the directors of the Daily Post, which is not owned or controlled by the Unions. Some explanation seems necessary here. — Yours, &c.; , The Ghost. The other day at the Glebe (Sydney) Police Court a man was sent to gaol for one month for ' assaulting a civilian, name unknown,' in view of a constable. He was also fined 40s or a month for using bad language — towards the same unknown, we suppose. ' In view of a constable ' did it. The trap might have been a mile away at the time for all the law knew to the contrary — but that didn't make any difference so long as he said he was there. If things go on like this, the law will soon be able to imprison a man — if he's a poor man — for assaulting a ghost in view of a spook. Unionists have been gaoled for less. The paragraph in last week's Worker referring to ' the bad principle ' of demanding a sight of a Union ticket before allowing all sorts to feed at the shearers' expense was inad vertently inserted in ' Smoke Ho ' column in stead of in the ' Open Column,' over tne sig nature of a correspondent. The impression conveyed by the par. is that the Worker con siders the practice referred to 'a bad prin ciple.' It doesn't. We believe in feeding travellers of our own sort only. The other sort are specially sent up- country by Whitely King to loaf on the shearers, and if they had to buy a ticket would stay away from the bush. The Worker Trustees met at the Tem perance Hall on Wednesday, and received the balance-sheet, which will appear in a future issue. W. W. Head, the present editor, hav ing been compelled to resign owing to pressure of New Australia business Arthur Rae was temporarily appointed to the position. In the meantime, Mr. Medway Day, of Adelaide Voice, is to be offered the editorship. Jas. A. Ross was reappointed business manager, and the finance committee will consist of Messrs. T. H. Williams, T. A. Tytherleigh, and A. Rae, Mr. H. Langwell to be treasurer. Mr. Head agreed to act as secretary for the Board of Trustees. Cheques to be signed by treasurer and one member of the finance committee. The cost of running the Worker to October 31 is to be refunded to Wagga pro rata on a mem bership basis. The Worker Trustees received a depu tation from the Daily Post Company at the Temperance Hall on Wednesday last. The deputation asked: (1) 'That the Worker Trustees recommend the bush workers to take shares in the Post Company ; ' or (2) That the Bush Unions take over the whole affair and run it as a Union owned and controlled paper.' The first proposition was not considered, as it was felt that the shearers and laborers would not thank the Trustees for recommending them to take shares in a com pany which was not run on the lines of Union control. The other proposition is being con sidered by the Trustees. It seems to be a ques tion of money. The Bush Unions would pro bably help to start a daily, but would, of course, want to know how much money the city Unions would be prepared to put up. It appears that about 8000 shares in the Post Company have been sold, and the amount realized is about £900. At least £7000 more is required to start the paper with any show of success. The matter may yet be arranged, but the city Unions will require to give more substantial proof of their earnestness than is represented by the amount already realized for sale of shares. And, more- ' over, the company idea will have to be eliminated. The Democratic paper nowadays ntust be Union ? owned and controlled. 1 Dear Worker , — Here is something ^ which I believe to be new. A man went ' through the shed with the 7s a day system. On pay day he is £1 in debt to the station store. Says the manager, ' How are we going to manage about the pound you owe us? ' ' Oh,' says the man, ' give it to the hospital, I don't want it ! ' — Yours, &c.;, E. De Guinney. A Bourke correspondent writes -As the time for collecting the electoral roll is drawiug nigh, workers in the country districts should sea that their names are kept on. The fact of the Government fixing the 13th of November as the date by which the returns have to be in and the collectors not being out yet, is prcof of their in tention to try and disfranchise the bushmen ; therefore, it behoves everyone to keep a sharp look out and make application at the nearest re gistrar at once if the police fail to get their names. Any men who are out on the runs or in any part not likely to be visited by the collectors should leave word at the most convenient place to have their names put on, and also make en quiries at the addresses they gave when last put on for any registered letter, as the Government k are going to send letters to the old addresses. Ifif these are not answered, the names will be struck)] off. Everything points to the fact that this!?. Government intends to try the same dodges aiaj the Queensland one did at last election, and, iljj successful, then good-bye to the little freedonj5' i VG -Bourke electorate, in particular*'; will be .culled if possible, so as to enable the : capitalistic party to return their nominee, and '' they will smile alright if successful. Workers, keep your eyes open to their little games, and don t be caught napping or led away by political mountebanks. v 