SWAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW?. ,lns. H. II. I. SENINGS lives at 211, Maini Street, BIridgeport, and' MisssMinnie Parrot boards with her.. The house is an old one, but" in. good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At ahout half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his fice was concealed by. a mask,.his: eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when' Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he. found no one in the parlour anrd all the doors and windows' securely locked. What was it the women saw 1 " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I- had slept badly for several: successive nights.. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock; I was suddecily aroused from adoze by '"what seemedlikothe calling of my name";and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked fiv -years before, as she was leaving hoene to go'on a journey, on which journey she was killbd in a railway disaster. .; I. screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it'wis a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and asinm in perfect health now. I believe. that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will'ply off on you when your system is outof condition. In March, 1890, it was, that lMrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott ioad. Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows:'-" ' I as so dread fully nervous' I could not bear anyone in the room.witli me, yet I did not wish them far away in case .I should call out for help. This ywas in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in'thd morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my:eyes, and I was. sick most of the time. My skin was. dry and yellow aundthestomach and bowel felt cold" and dead: ~By-and-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he did'nt know what my complaint was. I took nothing bdt liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach.. By this time I was nothing but skin and.bone. 'My. memory' completely-failed." 3y head ached so dreadfully I thought" I should-lose my senses, and-my friends agreed that I would never get better. - \- '1I-had given up. all hopewhen .one day irs. West, of Bournemdiouth, cialed and asked what I was taking. 'She told me she ias -herself once just its badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, anid in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstaire. Now I: am as well as ever. I can eat and digest. my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered frim was" indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous.pro= straction. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied. only when the Syrup had given new viieur to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever .may be your opinion -of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains.true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them; and when Mother Seigel's Syrup. does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. . 