THE CARDSHARPERS' DAUGHTER. J 'P love at first sight be possible, 1 certainly woe in love with her. It was in iny young days, when I was visiting Paris for ray emuEemont. I had been strollinc about the city all the morning, mid towards noon I found myself in the neighbourhood ol the Fuubouvg St. Germain, when 1 caught Bight of'tbe. beautiful uuknowu. I stood still M she passed me, and our eyes met. Hor look was cold and haughty then, and I turned *«'ny, feehng rather abashed, and not dariuc to loUow beFor days and days I linseed about in tbe hops ot mcotitiR her nffiin, but success; and at last i made up my mind that I would try to forget that I had ever ^At about that time I made the acquaint ance of M. August® Verrier. He was a pec son of venerable aspect, with tang white hair and a patriarchal beui'd- His.appear ance did net betoken wealth* but hie genes ally cultivated be.irii»g suggested that he bad seen better di»ys. . We first met in a cafc to which 1 :>ccosiormlly reported, and I soon found from his couvcreRtinn that he was a man -u jonsidernble education. After wo had met porno httlf-n-dozan times, (happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art. Ho then informed ino that he w/us a painter by profession, and modestly invited me to accompany him to his studio and inspect jome ot his works. : I assented, and he conducted me to a crazy, old, half-timbered house, lone since gulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain, [ere, having ascended to the topmost f toty, vre entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, Blocked gainst the walls \ and vcivfi of clunky she' with books, caste, und human bones heaped l upon (hem. ' , til In one corner was a. liie-pized model ot tue Apollo Belvedere, and in tho corner, diagon ally facing it. a complete skeleton hung sus pended from hooks in the walL This, being ! on tbe sarac side as lbs window, WAS barely distinguishable in tbe deep shadow»and presented a strange, spectre-like appear ance. Tlie other corner, on the tame side, was ©ccnpicd bv the artists easel and can VAS, ? behind which was a lay figure drewod in a complete suit of armour, and grasp ing iu its extended fist a tiuncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hfemtets father. In tbe remaining corner stood another figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to" protect it from tbe dust. AU about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halberie, and other weapons in picturesque disarray. ! After showing me several of his paintings, which were not indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier asked me if I would take a cup of coffee. I assented, and he rang a small handbell' In response to the summons a young lady entered, beariug black coffee and cigatH ' * upon a small tray. A thrill of deltg*a»ul surprise ran through use as I recognised in her the unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed me on that memor able morning. " Permit me," paid be- monsieur ' Clayton, my daughter Mademoiselle I Annette Verrier." 1 I bowed, and the young lady returned my obeisance with consummate grace, blushing iligbUy *b she did so. Then sbc with draw, after handiog us oar coffee and cigar I prolonged my stay rather inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would reappear, but she did not, and 1 took my leave at length, resolved bo use ©very means for becoming better-acquainted with her. On© day I met $L. Verrier in the as before, and our- conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of icartt, and asked him if be ever J^AJae j not now, monsieur," replied he. " for you see I have to be at work every hour of tbe daylight i and my physician does not permit that I go out in tbe evening, on account of wy asthma, so I am obliged to give qp my game." "But surely, monsieur, said I, your friends might play with me in your own rooms?" "I have no friends," said he, "who care to spend their time in atnuBing an old man. Ab, no! most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the soeiety -of my beloved daughter." I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would be only too happy to play with him. ««" Well then, monsieur," said he, " since you are so good as to say eo, if you will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give we great pleasure to take a band with you." , . I suggested the same evening* at way hour he pleased. » .» v. " Shall we say nine o clock then, said he. " A if you vfll do me the honour to wp Ivccepted glfcdly. and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette-sbsuld converse with her, and should b» able to strengthen tbe favourable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave tbe tali, mutter ing in a half-audible tone as he did so : " I must remember to get some cards, for I have not a pack-so long sipee I have pl«y«dI " fray do not trouble yourself, monBieur, I exclaimed, "for, ae it happens, Ihavetwo new packs at my hetel." , He thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of Ae aft, a lat, jovial fellow, who had been removing some glasses near us daring onr conversation, tamed to mewitb asm'o " Monsieur must be- rich, be remarked, I " to play with M. Verrier." ' "fodtedT' "Ay. For it ib his humour to play high. Also it is bis bumour to win." What did I oare far that ? Eve® if I lost a few louie, the Interview with Annette would more than repay the sacrifice. I revived to "humour M. verritor for one even-: ingot least. ... The time owae, and on my arrival! was Ushered by my host into a small ana barely furnUhed room, where a table was laid for tWOur supper was very simple; it eansistied of bread, cnewe, and tstlad, with red wine, Annette attended «p»n ««> aising our aaUd and pouring out our wise. She was - paler than usuei, and the absence of colour in ber I cheek rather served to heighten the ! indescribable air of tioUtm that pervaded all her movements. . , _ . I now bad to snbmit to a diaappemtment lor wbiob I h*d baen wholly uni>repared. : Solding out her hand to mo, she wished. Mb ton toir. She was going to rabire for the rest of tbe evening. It might have been partly owing to the wine, but I felt unusually bold, and as I took tbellly hand in my own I pressed it to BeTktod of you," die murmured, softly. "She is an angel I" I saW to myself, "an angel of gentleness and filial affection. She hss no t£pu(jht-no care for herself; sue onlv studies her father's happiness." 8he turned t» go, and-I hardly knew how I nerved myself to say it~-I woodered \- at my own temerity afterwards: "Youare quitting spy sight, mademoi selle,*' I exclaimed, in impassioned tone®. " but yonr image will remain enshrined in my heart for evor." An Interval ol silenoe then ensued. My companion did ndt invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinkinc of Annette* I now told nyjffcelf tmvt 1 her-yei, this feeling' must be love, lor >' i«w|«di «uwt«e)». f" "Come, tiiMi (uflnstear, said M. V«d|t| at length; " shall we play f ''r I assented, aud he led the way to the studio. Everything there Was precisely eg I had wen it on the previous oqcmiqb. M Vcrrior tGotioae-cl we to a chaft, ww® X seated mvfielf faoiug the easel, vhiw w*f covered " v?it.li a large white wrk^pw» Behind it loomed the u\ystecious figure to amnour, while the Appollo was jpZ-**5 and the skeleton on my teSt* M. VerriM now removed the wrapper from the eaaw, disclosiug to my view an unfanuhea tketcjj, in oily, ofhis daughter Annette Ab X caaed at tho portrait, a few tea* herent expressions of admiration broke from me. M. Verrier smiled, and drawing up J small, table towards me, plnccd w»e ijno glasses upon it, and took his seat facing 03 The (rame commmioed; we played bjffb, and I seemed to IOEO about three hundred fumes in no time. I was a good player, »o» I did not pay sufficient attention to tM 1 oardf, partly from a desire to indulge> ng opponent in his humour, but aluefly because my'thouglitB wero running upon Annette, and my ovos continually wandering to o«e ?.../vtvuifc upou the easel. , . . M. Verrier gntliered up my stake w>T the cool indifference of the veteran gHfte Bt" It is batter to play thus than in com pany, where they bet upon tho cards ana adri.se you ivliat to play, is it not, monsieur r said he. X expressed concurrence; but ttiero wm something in his tone that I did not like. *® seemed to convcy a covert Bneer at my W" of skill, aud X determined to -play my verf best. _ . 1 now won a few games, and M. verm® for the first time challenged me to bet J did £0, and lost heavily. The^arfcist playfl® as if he had known every card in my hand a species of knowledge that is of transoSP* dent value at icarti. I began to suspeo# that I v, a= being made the victim of aoM trickery, though of what nature I could not guees. The cards I had brought with jn», and it was therefore impossible that tna backs con Id have been marked in any way What was the secret of "M. Verrier seucmsj 1 I resolved to watch him, and, if possiblai find out. , ,. My hand consisted oT the quet», eight aua seven of clubs, and the knave and nine <® diamonds. In taking up these cards 1 M»: scarcely wiade a movement of the elbow, awl yet I could see, in the spectacle giassas <* M. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behiud my chair. . Anffw and suspicious, and almost fat* scttiii","for the moment that tho man Dworo me vras the father of Aunette, I turned shurply round, ami was just in time to catca sight of a human hand, holdins five card* smead fan-wise, rapidly disappeari.:-,' under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner I had' seen the faces of the cards. Tbejr were the queen, eiaht and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine ot diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view-not a lay figure, but WW majestic form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier. holding in her hand the lieTiad been telegraphing.-Abridged from Tht Ba'porih. A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. '' To love is one of the natural propensity of the human race, and it may be truly said that affection exists, in greater or lesser degrees, ia many of the domestic animals. 1 offer this sentence as a short introduction to whst is to follow. I bave always found Hi very convenient to start out with a Gwitoow or tiro befom following it up with otben. An article which does not do this does nc% possess much inherent literary merit As my opening sentence impliedly admit*, a disposition to hateis contrary to all natural law, but I have never been able to ascertain what tribunal has cognisance of such con trariety. or wha; penalty is affixed woes * verdict, of guilty has been brought to. ; I have never hated any one, and I haw mode it a point to lavish my affections on certain persons, specified below, who I know are in need of my love, because they are MS loved by the cold world generally. Tho person who comes in for the UfMtt share of my pure affection is the sh wWa writes ijijs uamo so tSiat I can't read it My [ove for this man is unboundedl, and ee aia the endearing epithets I bestow upon nim. Sometimes hiB written name resembles an unfinished pUu of a trfifitie* work bridjfOi and sometimes it looks like the p*w of * forest fire. If we judge this man by b* chirography, be is an enigma, and-we gwa him up' . , The next person I ardently lovewithwrt his being aware of it is the individual whft asks me if I have read this book or tart book, or some other book, and when I MU him I hare not, evinces surprise, an* regards me as an inferior being. He is * lovable man to me. ' Then comes the landlady, wfaft because I taftce partook of a particular dish, aaausasn that I am fond of it, and afterwards pass* it to rne frequently, keeps it on the tab la meal after meal, and informs her friends ans. relations that Ian) fond of it. WeU-wja^ 1 ing lady, she shall never know how I w*» her t . The next in order vo the persons aq limited intelligence who atgna tfcs ppt questions of the day, and set forth plan afar saving the couotry in ttjf ptdtooa. ^ Ottl asserts that the application of electricity «. machinery in the place of steam will thjw* the miners out of employmept, and the afcasr declares that it will tate just as much coal to make the electricity. And so tier «*«.! I wish they wonld stop long; enough tor ?» to tell them how I love tliem, And the rest of my love belong* to tt* college girls who invite me eut to spend IM evening, and then indulge to ajitwis* conversations respecting a etnas orf.oqaaiaS ance positively unknown to ma: Tuey Ma good at entertaining- themselves. HE HAD COLD JTEBT. A BOAEDH-'Q-HOcsB on Cottage Orvn> avenue was the theatre of a very unpleasaJft incident a few evenings ago. One of tho boarders-a yonng man »f about twenty-seven-is a confirmed faff** choadriac. Among his multwradlnoos ills he is a raartijjr-at least so he says- to col4 A'certain1 Dr! Hall told him that JpeOfU so affeeKd should, before going to bed, MM ever and smartly slap the cslves for iMn fire minutes. . . This struck the young man to beabOTt * sensible a piece of advloe as he hid mp heard. So bo put it to the teat on SatarMp niffht. He bent over and pounded away rt himself, and all the time made a nolle WWm hte mouth like the hiss of escaping «Mmb> ' This noise atracted the attention of 0M4r the boanlars, and be told the landlady m there muit be a fire in that room, beesmaM oould hear ft sis, and could hear (unw and a popping going on up there. ThtlMMh lady didn't paasn to argue. She caught «£a pail end plunged for the plaoe at eaofc boWxler followed with a gigimtio - They precipitated themselves Into the i ^he advent was BO sudden that (be bnctev who was warming himself, fiad He oh an oe to dodge, and there was too muoh rQamentoaoi an the landlady and the othsr bearder to permit them to recover themselves in tiM Bo there n-as a collision. The landlady saw it oowing, and instinctively h«ld the ptil Ch/ front of her. Cut the disciple of Hall <k hie back was to the deor and hi\haaniiarigr to the floor, and before he oould j4jgil(Kap aa hearing the door fly open, the vUitM* v*M uuon him, and the contents of tin nail m him, and the three, with tlie pail and clathw brush, came down together. Hew th* hai l«dy,ftxt)'ioat?d herself and cob out of Iks room.as quickly as she aid wiU always l ejnuiu a mystery to the two t»*a who stnid Jiere and glai-«d at ,«ci) tK tNM QUtinmioutth 