$u\z Central 3|lissiott. Sunday Services. Centenary Hall . — Parade Service : — 9.30, Evangelist Moody. Public Service : — 11, Rev. R. Bavin. Pleasant Afternoons: — 3, Temperance Conference. Peoples' Service : — 7, Rev. R. Bavin. Princes-street: — 11, Evangelist 'Walsh. „ -7, Evangelist Knox. Haymarket : — 11, Evangelist Moody. „ 7, Evangelist Hutchinson Pyrmont : — 11, Rev. J. Colwell. „ 7, Song Service. Consecration Service, Centenary Hall, Saturday Evening, at 7 o'clock. The business men's service on Thurs day last was presided over by Rev. A. Miller, M.A. The address was delivered by the Rev. H. Jones, who chose as the basis of his remarks the words in our Lord's Prayer, ' I pray not that Thou 'shouldest take them out of the world, but that Thou shouldest keep them from the evil.' Mr. Jones strongly con demned the mystic other-worldliness which some professing Christians sub stituted for the religion of Christ It was best for the Christian, for the Church, for the world, that Christ should keep his followers in the world. Christian men in the midst of tempta tion should remember that Christ's prayer was still offered for them that they should be kept. A The morning service last Sunday was conducted by the Rev. Principal Moulton. ' Degeneration ' was Mr. Moul ton's subject, and science, logic and copious illustration were brcught into use to warn his hearers against degenerate tendency either in thought, . word or deed. The text chosen was the description of the serpent in G-en. iii., 14\. The preacher introduced his sub ject with a description of the manner in which the actions of the body are ruled by the mind and will. Hypnotism had demonstrated that another will might usurp their own will' and guide their actions in spite of themselves. This entirely agreed with the Scriptural doctrine of possession by spirits. Re mains had been discovered which proved that the serpent had degenerated from Bome higher animal, and that this degeneration had been gradual. The law which caused the serpent to degene rate also obtained in the spiritual and moral world. Men allowed wicked devices, sensual desires or malicLus thoughts to have place in their minds. Over again in thought they robbed their master's safe, or were revenged on their enemies, against whom they cherished hatred ; or they committed the most atrocious of deeds. They were degene rate in heart. Perhaps their own will still retained the mastery, and this wickedness did not assert itself in action. But very often the will of Satan supplanted that of their better judgment, and open atrocious guilt v resulted. Such cases caused suprise to themselves and to the church. But their fall, was purely scientific. They had gradually degenerated. In con clusion Mr. Moulton made 'an earnest appeal to his hearers to beware of this downward tendency. i * * The evening service was conducted by the superintendent. The congrega tion was larger than usual, the hall being taxed to find seating accommoda tion. ' A Question for the Times ' was announced for Mr. Bavin's subjiect. He spoke on the vision of Ezekiel among, the valley of dry bones. Refer ring to the present depression, Mr. Bavin said that some well-to-do people were too optimistic. His opinion was that nothing but faith in G-od could raise the nation out of its present de pressed state. The church should not be satisfied with mere church-going and respectability. When the dry bones were brought together means should be adopted as far as possible to make each grim skeleton a living organism. This life could only come from G-od, the Holy Ghost, The preacher warned all present not to dishonour God, the Holy Spirit, and in the forthcoming mission of Father Watsford, when the 1 ompr.i tion to do so would be strongest, let them all remember the Spirit of God was the fountain of life. * # * During the afternoon G-aul's cantata, 'Ruth,' was rendered by a large choir and orchestra, augmented by the organ and piano. Mrs. R. B. Barton took ' Naomi,' Miss Annie G-oulding ' Ruth,' Mrs. Freeland ' Orpha' and Mr. G. S. Flower ' Boaz.' The overtures and choruses were given in such a manner as to reflect the highest credit upon Mr. Mote, the painstaking and indefatigable conductor, the large audience thoroughly enjoying the cantata throughout. Dur ing an interval Mr. Mote made an appeal to those who could sing or play any instrument, if not identified with any church, to communicate with him at once. Tenors and basses are just now needed, and Mr. Mote will be glad to hear from any one willing and able to assist. ### A pleasant time was spent at Pyrmont last Friday evening among the young people. The Rev. J. Colwell, who occu pied the chair, spoke of the decision of the trustees to the effect that the building should be painted and an improvement made in the lighting. He also stated that the friends at Hay Street had gene rously lent them a harmonium for use at their open-air meetings, and a lady at Summer Hill whose name he did not know had presented them with a small organ for use at their cottage and mothers' meetings. The opportunity: was seized to say a few farewell words to Sister Parsons, who has resigned, and | is leaving the Home. On behalf of a few friends Mr. Colwell presented Miss Parsons with three volumes, while the ! girls in her Bible class giave her an I address and a chaste work-box. Sister Parsons has been a devoted worker, and the friends at Pyrmont -are very sorry 1 to dose her. Arrangements were also made for the concert to be given by the Ceutral Mission Choir on* Tuesday evening next. It has been decided that the next meeting of the British Primitive Methodist Conference shall be held at Chester. There are now in England 17,000 Primitive Methodist Local Preachers and 10,000 Class Leaders, and a Fund is to be created for the purpose of assisting aged or needy lay officials of the Church. The Archdeacon of London laments the lack of Bible knowledge amongst the young people of the middle and upper classes connected with the Anglican Church. 