HUMOUR BLINDNESS. Macaulay, when contrasting the delicate irony of Addison with the trenchant sarcasm of Swift and the apish mockery of Voltaire, compares it to that exquisite perception of the ludicrous which Seame Jenyns oddly imagined to constitute a portion of the happiness of Seraphim and just men made perfect. We sincerely hope, in the interest of many otherwise estimable individuals, that an exquisite perception of the ludicrous may not form an indispensable qualification for entrance into the realms of bliss, or they will have to absent them from felicity awhile, if not altogether. For it is pain- fully apparent that if they incontinently graduated as archangels in their unregenerate state they -would find themselves in the wrong paradise When ambrosial laughter rippled from celestial lips they would maintain a bovine solemnity of countenance, and sit unresponsive to the choicest witticism that set Olympian tables on a roar. They would soon beg to be transferred to some more congenial sphere, some limbus fatuorum, or paradise of fools, where portentous gravity pre- vails, and humour is unknown; for nothing is more painful to the feelings, than to sit amid inextinguishable laughter unconscious of the cause. Nor would the immortals regret their absence. Individuals absolutely destitute of a sense of humour is found in all classes, but are most common among ecclesiastics, schoolboys, and cows. It was an Irish bishop who said, after perusing "Gulliver's Travels," that the book was full of improbable lies, and for his part he hardly believed a word of it. Dean Merivale in his "Roman Triumvirates," describing the execution of the Catilinrian conspirators, at which the Consul Cicero was present, gravely says:— "Lentulus was strangled first, and Cethegus, Gabinius, Statilius, and Ceparius, all men of re- nown, suffered successively. The Consul attended to the last." We presume the worthy Dean means that Cicero waited till all was over, but anyone with the faintest perception of the ludicrous would perceive that it may read as a delicate euphemism for expressing that Cicero himself gave the coup de grace to the last con- spirator. Is the "Sixth Aeneid" Virgil describes the descent of Aeneas to the underworld in quest of his dead father Anchises. There he encounters the grisly boatman Charon, who ferries the ghosts across the Stygian pool to their eternal resting-place on the other shore. Charon, he says, is fearsome and filthy, with a long matted beard, fiery eyes, and a squalid gaber- dine, knotted from the shoulder. The grim repulsive shape at first bars Aeneas's approach, but being appeased at the sight of the golden branch which the Sibyl produces, tumida ex ira tum corda residunt, his swelling wrath subsides. In his prose translation of this phrase the late Professor Conington, with strange blindness to the ludicrous possibilities of the expression, rendered it "The angry swell subsides." It reminds one of Macaulay's much-parodied phrase "the long stern swell" in his "Lays of Ancient Rome." But of all unconscious humourists perhaps your average schoolboy is the most delicious. If not witty himself he is at least the cause of wit in others. Like little Jack Horner he sits in his corner with a piece of "unseen translation" before him, blandly murdering the classics. But sometimes he puts in his thumb and, with delightful unconsciousness, brings out a veritable plum of subtle flavour that really deserves to be preserved. Many such plums have been already crystallised in periodical literature, but the following are absolutely fresh, and, what is more absolutely true — the genuine product of a school examination, and not the manufactured article of the modern journalist. Cicero, speaking of the miseries of despotism, takes the tyrant Dionysius as on example, who, though, as we are told, fondly attached to his wife, Thebe, never dared to visit her except with a strong bodyguard. The Latin runs: " Qui, ut scriptum legimus, quum uxorem Theben admodum diligeret," which, being interpreted literally, means "who, as we read written, though he dearly loved his wife Thebe." But this was far too simple, too rudimentary for the ingenious schoolboy. He would have something more recondite, more suggestive. Accordingly, this is the rendering he evolved after much laborious cogitation:— "Who, having picked his wife, Thebe, as we choose a manuscript " A comparison of this with the Latin will show how ingeniously the words have been perverted. Most of the words night conceivably bear the meaning assigned to them, but the net result is one of the most charm- ing instances of unconscious humour if we consider the ideas connoted. Dionysius poked his wife as we chooses a manuscript. What a vast field is opened for the imagination. How do we choose a manuscript? What are the qualities in an antique manuscript that would most strongly recommend it to the enthusiastic collector? Surely it must be old, very old; and parchment, yellow, watered, and — . But we will not dilate. Any one whose sense of humour is not troubled can see the boundless possibilities suggested. The same sagacious youth, on another occasion, sat painfully pondering the Latin line that to show Envy battens upon the living, but leaves the dead at rest - pascitur in vivis livor post fata quiescat; and this is the form in which, after mature reflection, the meaning shaped itself to his unimaginative mind, "in life the liver lives, after death it is at rest." It is evident he would be hopelessly disqualified as an archangel; he had no exquisite perception of the ludicrous. He saw no humorous suggestion in the thought of the liver living — making its existence painfully apparent — during the lifetime of the sufferer, but there being hope beyond the grave. There the liver ceases from troubling, there the bilious are at rest. This translation had at least some morning, not exactly the same as the Latin original, but a distinct meaning of its own, conveying some definite idea to the mind. But what idea the luckless wight had who perpetrated the following piece of unconscious humour, scarcely even an archangel, or the spirit of a just man made perfect, could tell. The line he was called upon to traduce (as the old phrase aptly expresses it) was that verse of Ovid, where the poet, speaking of the effects of time, says that Time develops the grain of corn all the white ear, "Tempus et in canas semen produit aristas " — a thought obvious enough, one would have imagined, to the grossest mind. But, whether his unangelic intelligence was bemused with perplexed fancies about vivisection, or the transfusion of blood, or whether, like the burlesqued Senior Classic, he translated what was set before him, and let the sense take care of itself, he gravely alleged this as one of the triumphs of Time:— "Time (quoth he) instils marrow into assisted dogs." Why Time should be so bene- ficent to dogs more than to any other beast of the fieldd, why the dogs should be exhausted, how the marrow could be instilled, and what useful end it would subserve if it were instilled — all those obstinate questionings troubled not his peace. Some of our greatest writers have been singularly deficient in a sense of humour. Milton him- self, who was so free with the archangels in his lifetime, will scarcely find himself on such familiar terms hereafter, if an exquisite perception of the ludicrous is to qualify for their society. Saintsbury speaks of the profound lack of humour displayed by his pamphlets. "Others," he says, "have been as numerous, as libellous, as unfair; others have prostituted literary genius to the competition of paid lampoons; but some at least of them have been saved by the all-saving sense of humour. As anyone who remembers the dreadful passage about the guns in "Paradise Lost" must know, the book of humour was to Milton a sealed book. He has flashes of wit, though not many; his indignation of itself sometimes make him really sarcastic; but humorous he is never." Such a sentence as this, taken at random from Milton's pamphlet on " The Reason of Church Government,'' goes far to justify this drastic criticism. "So that prelaty, if she will seek to close up divisions in the Church, must be forced to dissolve and unmake her own pyramidal figure, which she affirms to be of such uniting power, when as, indeed, it is the most dividing and schismatical form that geometricians know of, and must be fain in inglobe or arouse herself among the Pres- byters, which she, hating to do, sends her haughty prelates from all parts with their forked mitres — the badge of schism, or the stamp of his cloven foot whom they serve, I think — who, according to their hierarchies acuminating still higher and higher in a cone of prelaty, instead of healing up the gashes of the Church, as it happens in such pointed bodies meeting, fall to gore one another with their sharp spires for upper place and prece- dence, till the Council itself prove the greatest schism of all. Yes, we fear Milton must be placed a little lower than the angels. One of Boswell's most admirable qualifications as a biographer was that he was absolutely devoid of any sense of the humorous. He cheerfully submits himself as a laughing-stock on every possible occasion if he can thereby educe some ponderous erudition or provoke some crushing rejoinder from his revered master, and as cheer- fully chronicles, with the most sublime unconsciousness his own humiliation. This peculiarity was amusingly ridiculed in a parody which appeared soon after the publication of his great biography called " A Lesson in Biography, or How to Write the Life of One's Friend: an extract from the Life of Dr Pozz, in 10 volumes folio, written by James Bozz, Esq, who flourished with him near 50 years." The following extract will give a good idea of the whole skit:— "I mentioned a tradesman who had lately set up his coach. Pozz: 'He is right, sir: a man who would go on swimmingly cannot get too soon off his legs. That man keeps his coach. Now, sir, a coach is better than a chaise, sir it is better than a chariot.' Bozz: 'Why, sir? Pozz: 'Sir, it would hold more.' I begged he would repeat this, that I might remember it, and he complied with great good humour. 'Dr Pozz,' said I 'you ought to keep a coach.' Pozz 'Yes, sir, I ought." Bozz: ' But you do not, and that has often surprised me.' Pozz: 'Surprised you! There, sir, is another prejudice of absurdity. Sir, you ought to be surprised at nothing. A man that has lived half your days ought to be above all surprise. Sir, it is a rule with me never to be surprised It is mere ignorance; you cannot guess why I do not keep a coach, and you are surprised. Now, sir, if you did know you would not be surprised.' I said tenderly, I hope, my dear sir, you will let me know before I leave town.' Pozz: ' Yes, sir, you shall know now. You shall not go to Mr. Wilkins, and to Mr. Jenkins, and to Mr. Stubbs, and say, "Why does not Pozz keep a coach?" I will tell you myself. Sir, I can't afford it.' We talked this day on a variety of topics, but I find very few memorandums in my journal. On small beer he said it was flatulent liquor. He disapproved of those who deny the utility of absolute power, and seemed to be offended with a friend of ours who would always have his eggs poached. Sign-posts, he observed, had degenerated within his memory; and he particularly found fault with the moral of the 'Beggar's Opera.' I endeavoured to defend a work which had afforded me so much pleasure, but could not master that strength of mind with which he argued; and it was with great satisfaction he communicated to me afterwards a method of curing corns by applying a piece of oiled silk. In the early history of the world he preferred Sir Isaac Newton's chronology but as they gave employment to useful artisans, he did not dislike the large buckles then coming into use." Another of our great poets will certainly have lost his place in the celestial hierarchy if the portals of Olympus are barred to the humour- blind. Wordsworth fell an easy victim to the nature of "English Birds and Scotch Reviewers" — "The Simple Wordsworth framer, of a lay as soft as evening in his favourite May " Thus when he tells the tale of Betty Foy, The idiot mother of "an idiot boy;" A moonstruck silly lad, who lost his way, And like his bard, confounded night with day; So close on each pathetic part he dwells, And each adventure so sublimely tells, That all who view the idiot in his glory," Conceive the bard the hero of the story. Some of Wordsworth's best work is marred by this failure to perceive the ludicrous side of things. In his famous "Ode to a Skylark " he introduces the extraordinary expression "drunken lark!" just as in another place, he informs the nightingale that it surely is "a creature of ebullient heart." He begins a sonnet, im- posing entitled, "To a Friend, composed near Calais, on the road leading to Andre.w, 7th August, 1802," with the poetic exclamation " Jones !" Another ode commences with an apostrophe :— " Apade, with which Wilkinson hath tilled the land!" The sonnet on the "Inside of King's College Chapel, Cambridge," opens with the suggestive phrase, "What awful perspective!" And surely a very commonplace and prosaic operation is suggested by the following metaphor from Dion :— Your minister would brush away The spots that to my soul adhere ; But should she labour night and day They will not, cannot, disappear ! For the poem entitled " Goody Blake and Harry Gill" we have the following grotesque exordium :— Oh! What's the matter ? What's the matter ? What is't that ails young Harry Gill ? That evermore his teeth they chatter, Chatter, chatter, chatter still! Of waistcoats Harry has no lack. Good duffle grey, and flannel fine ; He has a blanket on his back. And coats enough to smother nine. A very slight acquaintance with English literature is enough to show that some of the finest writing in our language will be as unintelligible as the writing on the wall to those who have no sense of humour. Some of the most delicate touches in Addison will pass entirely unobserved, such for instance, as that speech of the Tory foxhunter where he declares that he and his father have always been for passive obedience, and shall be always for oppos- ing a prince who makes use of ministers that are of another opinion. And again, when he said, — "Our wooden walls are our security, and we may bid defiance to the whole world, especially if they should attack us when the militia is out." The very quintessence of humour is concentrated in a single word in Addison's essay on the "Fine Lady's Journal." The week days fill more than a page each with such momentous entries as this:— " Friday. — Eight in the morning Abed, read over all Mr. Froth's letters. Ten o'clock: Staid within all day, not at home. From 10 to 12: In conference with my mantua- maker, sorted a suit of ribbons; broke my blue china cup. from 12 to 1: Shut myself up in my chamber, practised Lady Betty Modely's skuttle. One in the afternoon: Called for my flowered handkerchief. Worked half a violet leaf in it; eyes ached and head out of order. Threw by my work, and read over the remaining part of Aurengzebe. From 3 to Dined From 4 to 12: Changed my mind, dressed, went abroad, and played at crimp till midnight. Found Mrs. Spitely at home. Con- versation: Mrs. Brilliant's necklace, false stones. Old Lady Loveday going to be married to a young fellow that is not worth a groat. Miss Prue gone into the country. Tom Townley has red hair. Mem: Mrs. Spitely whispered in my ear that she had something to tell me about Mr Froth. I am sure it is not true. Between 12 and 1: 'Dreamed that Mr. Froth lay at my feet, and called me Indamora.' " After several days full of high interesting details as these, we come to Sunday, when we find the following entry:— " Sunday: Indisposed." Swift is a good test for humour- blindness. Any reader who has reason to suppose that he suffers from the defect may try his powers on "Gulliver's Travels," and if he fail to appreciate the humour of that great satire he may conclude that his case is hopeless. For Swift's humour, great as it is, is more elementary than Addison's. Swift was so grimly in earnest that he could not afford to be subtle and alluring like Addison. His object was not to play, but to wound. Hence he is always direct, straightforward, audacious. Take, for instance, such a passage as this, where Gulliver defends himself for not having informed the Secretary of State of the discovery of the Houyhnhnms that they might be annexed to the British possessions. He has enlarged upon the atrocities perpetrated by the pioneers of civilisation on the helpless natives, when, with the same apparent seriousness, without the slightest change of tone or manner, he continues:— "But this description, I confess, doth by no means affect the British nation, who may be an example to the whole world for their wisdom, care and justice in planting colonies; their liberal endowments for the advancement of religion and learning, their choice of devout and able pastors to propagate Christianity, their caution in stocking their provinces with people of sober lives and conversations, from this the mother kingdom; their strict regard to the distribution of justice, in supplying the Civil administration through all their colonies with officers of the greatest ability, utter strangers to corruption, and, to crown all, by sending the most vigilant and virtuous governors, who have no other views than the happiness of the people over whom they preside, and the honor of the king their master " Poor Defoe fell a victim to the humour-blind- ness of the English people, and though Pope was not quite correct in saying, " Earless on high stood unabashed Defoe," yet he had to stand three times in the pillory, and pay a fine of 200 marks, for his famous pamphlet, "The Shortest Way with the Dissenters." He meant it to be a satire on the intolerance of the Tory party, and ironically proposed that "whoever was found at a conventicle should be banished the nation and the preacher be hanged;" but, unfortunately, he presumed upon the humorous perception of the British public, and was taken in earnest. One delighted ecclesiastic wrote to his bookseller, — "I received yours, and with it that pamphlet which makes so much noise, called 'The Shortest Way with the Dissenters,' for which I thank you. I join with that author in all he says, and have such a value for the book that, next to the Holy Bible and Sacred Com- ments, I take it for the most valuable piece I have. I pray God put it into her Majesty's heart to put what is there proposed in execution." 