LIQUID AIR. Science is wandering into strange realms and bringing back to us wonderful harvests of knowledge, but it is opening to the world no stranger realm than that to which Professor Dewar introduced a distin ciiistiprl Audience, includinsr the Prince of Wales, at the Royal Institution, London, recently. Perhaps the great unlearned public has had a slight surfeit of the fairy tales of science ; at all events, they have too often fallen on languid ears. We can scarfiely be got to listen when a scientific man indulges us with visions of the future, yet another carries us back into the immensities of the past, or another, like Professor Tyndall, finds delight in breaking old objects of reverence, aud transforming ancient beliefs. Like Gradgrind, we insist on facts, and in, this regard Pro fessor Dewar cannot be said to have dis appointed us. For upwards of two hours he kept the eyes of a crowd of princes, statesmen, diplomatists, and men of science of all degrees of eminence, chained upon a little bulb of beautiful azure-blue liquid suspended upon the table in front of him. This receptacle, described as in size something between a -walnut- and a golf- ball, contained what' was said only a few years ago to be unobtainable — oxygen in a state of absolute immobility. Oxygen, one of the most important of all elements, vliich forms, as Professor Dewar reminds us, so large a part in most natural combinations, bad till quite recently defied all attempts to reduce it to a state of quiescence suitable for experiment. Pictot, of Geneva, had mastered the problem of reducing to liquid form what ITU4 UllTUJO X^gUJ-ViVM- UO Uf U^IJUUKVUU gas though his experiments had. gone no further than the production of infini tesimal quantities (a few grammes only) of liquid oxygen. This was explained by its rapid dissipation induced by the. violent ebullition which is acharacteristic condition of oxygen at ordinary temperatures. Heat being only anothername for motion, what marvellous energy must be secreted in a gas which, in a liquid shape, would be boding at a temperature cf 182 degrees below zero i The problem therefore was not simply to produce the liquid^ but to invest it with something like permanence, and moreover, to , produce it in quantities sufficient to -permit thorough examination and testing of its properties. This problem Professor Dewar ljas solved by surround ing the liquid with a. vacuum nearer per fection than any previously known — so high a vacuum indeed as to be measurable in a hundred thousand millionth of an atmosphere. The result was that the little ball of liquid — liquid capable of being obtained by the pint— filled and suspended at the beginning of the lecture had lost only a fifth of its contents at the close— that is, the evaporation iiad been no more rapid than that of. water at ordinary temperatures — although com pared with the temperature of ifoe liquid oxygen (so inconceivably sold that 182 degrees below zero represents its boiling point) the atmosphere of the room was a scorching furnace blast. The wonderful nature of the experiment is illustrated by the Times as follows: — 'H'a conjuror had made his appearance, 'with a large vjessel of boiling water and a brisk fire underneath, and if in that water he had boiled a piece;, of. ice as big as a golf ball without reducing it by more than one-fifth, everyone would have been vastly astonished. But the little bulb full of liquid oxygen was far more wonderful. ? The difference; of tempera ture between the conjuror's: ice ana his boiling water is 100 degrees centigrade. The difference between Professor Dewar's bulb and the air of the theatre was not less than 210 degrees centigrade.' One conclusion all but demonstrated by this miracle is that there can be no radiation — no passage of heat — across' an absolute vacuum. Theoretically, as the Times remarks, if a sealed bulb of liquid oxygen could be poised in the centre of a perfect vacuum there would be no radia tion at all, but that condition is impos sible of attainment. If the surface of the liquid could be so effectually sealed as to be protected from.'fcontacc with the outer atmosphere i^iere would still remain 'some . connection be tween the glass spheres' through which it would enter. What Professor Dewar's vacuum does is to reduce( the influx of heat from outside to about! one-seventh of the escaping gas. : Various speculations are. suggested by this experiment in low temperature, and not the least interesting is its bearing on current theories regarding the solar system. The inhabitants of this planet have for centuries been in a state Sof perturba tion as to the rapidity with ?which it was supposed to be cooling down' 'through the radiation of its heat into limitless space. Every schoolboy knows that we are tear ing through space at the rate of 16 miles a second. Is it empty space ? 'The in ference that it is empty space is' easily deducible from the circumstance that if it were otherwise the alarming velocity of the planet would have prevented the surrounding atmosphere — as thin in its upper limit as Professor Dewar's vacuum — from keeping ; . its place. ' The earth,' that . is, : ' swinging free in a perfect vacuum radiates no heat beyond the limit of its own atmosphere.' A further:', advance on .the ;saine path of research will, it is predicted, lead to the solution . of what is described aa a still more tremendous problem— the liquefac tion of hydrogen — a process ^ihat would require a temperature of from 20 to 30= degrees lower than has ever yet been produced^ At 270 degrees below zero centigrade hydrogen itself, it is calculated, will surrender its mysterious energy that now baffles the understanding of the ablest experimenters-^-will, in fact, 'give up the ghost' — and 'matter as now conceived by science will be dead. With what uuimagined phenomena, it is asked, should, we make acquaintance could the cooling process be carried thus far. 'What is the relation between ' this mysterious something which we call heat and the equally mysterious something which we call gravitation V What light may be thrown by these-, experiments at low temperatures on the conclusion to which science is rapidly tending,'that all the elements have been evolved but of one kind of matter 1 The mere fact that the modern chemist is encouraged to pro pound such questions to himself is one of the best proofs that science indeed grows from ' more to more.' 