aisiii&iTS.; [By Focus'bm.] The new labor platform shows flat form. I hear a lady complaning of the dulneas of the weather. Which fa the worse, dull weather or dull business ? A weather paradox. Bathurst when it wasn't was under a cloud. Bathurst as the result of being under a .cloud, is'nt. _ Saturday the Adelaide police authori ties made a raid on totalisators. They visited three or four shops, seized tho money, and secured a largo . amount of documentary evidence. The maxim guns in Africa are play ing terrible havoc with the natives. The British maxim 'em to the extent of four deep, but as eight is tho maximum,™ are not likely to hear of any cessatioa yet. Eeceived from Messrs Beavis Bros, a packet of photo Xmas cards, six in number, each a really exquisite example, '-, both of the photographic art and tho taste shown in tho position selected for the taking, A view of Bathurst city ia charming and comprehensive ; four park-scapes are nice ; for boldness a' pic- ture of tho fountain is particularly good, ,ajn$: a street in town ia satisfactory though not so pretty, perhaps, as tho others. The showers have somehow reminded me of all the beautiful things I havo read on tho subject of rain. My memory being a bit rusty, I yesterday borrowed Shelley, whose ' Cloud ' is, porhaps, the very finost thing of the kind that over was written. Whatjgrander verse is there than : — 'I am tho daughter of Earth and Water, ' And the nursling of the Sky ; I pass through the. pore3 of ocean and shores, I change, but I cannot die. For after the rain,, when with navcr a . stain ' ' ~ ? The pavilion of heaven is bare, ' And the winds and sunbeams with tWiv convex gleams Build up the blue dome of air, I silently laugh at my own cenotaph And out of the covering of rain, Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb I arise, and rebuild again.' We most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure invigorant, good aHkn to men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. One pound orders aro placed under the labels of many of the large bottles. To secure the genuine article buy a whole bottle, and don't bo imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well known and well tried stimulant, and was sold fifty years age by chemists as a tonic* 