Baptist Union. (by telegraph.) ,...'? : . HOBART, Tuesday. The annual gathering of the Baptist Union of Tasmania commenced this morn ing at the Hobart Tabernacle. The_ pro ceedings were opened with devotional exercises, conducted by Mr D. Smart, of Perth. . MORNING SESSION. At ll#30 o'clock the session of the union was held, the president, Pastor Harry Wood, of Deloraine, occupying the chair. The roll was ' signed by Pastor R. M'Cullough and Messrs S. Cato and W. Lake, of Hobarfc; Pastor J. E.Walton and Messrs Smart and A. Sidebobtom, of Pertb; Pastor Chamber lain; of Latrobe ; Pastor H. Wood, of Deloraine ; Pastor H. D. Archer, of Longford ; Pastor B. Vaughan, of Sheffield ; and Mr W. Kenuer, of Brack nell. The secretary, Pastor Chamberlain, gave an abstract of the council meetings held during the past year. The newly formed church at Sheffield had been received into the union, and the president gave the right hand of fellowship to Pastor VaughaD. . Pastor M'Cullough read an able paper on the state of the church, as shown by their reportp, the increase for tbe year being 93, for wJrch he received the thanks of the meeting, with the request to have the paper printed in the Day Star. The nomination of officers took place, and the friends adjourned to the school room for dinner. '.' AFTERNOON, SESSION. During the afternoon session Pastor Walton read a paper on 'How to nourish loyalty to our principles,' which provoked a most interesting diBOUBsion. Those taking ,part were Pastors Vauerhan, M'Cullough, Archer, Chamberlain, and Wood, and Messrs Smart, ' Sidebottomi and Eenner. The paper was heartily received, also with the request that it be printed in the Day star. . ?'??' :.?';.?: ?;:?....' . :' ': ' ' :; EVENING SESSION. At the evening sitting Pastor H. Wood, the retiring president, referred to the passing clouds in respect to business com mercially and spiritually, and paid a grace ful tribute to the late Pastor Spurgeon, who, he said, was one of the greatest preachers ; and to Mr W. Gibson, of Native Point, one of their greatest givers. He alluded to the men of the New Testament, who were converted and filled with the Holy Ghost, their methods of evangelising and building up of the Lord's people, and 'the message of Christ crucified. Apologies were received from Mr W. Gibson, of Native Point, for non:atten dancej and the proceedings were brought to a close by prayer, which was offered up by Pastor Archer. 