? ? orchestral concert at the Town Hall on Salui-day n delighUnl ions). of music! If Marshall Hall confined his efl'orts to iiiur'c cciiduclor.-liipeverj' •ne would love and understand him, for he ertainly makes his orchestra give an exquisite iitcrpretation of the great composers' works, 'ho (Jriuond Professor de.nies the right of criti- •isin to those most. competent lo trivn it, .lid takes npon himself the task of criticising • vervthiug within, and without, his ken. On -.itiii'iinv ho prefaced the very fine concert by an ;!!erly inappropriate and liysferieUdenuueiation an article on Henrik Ibsen appearing in that f.v's ,1 rijuy. and concluded his remarks by dedicating tho concert to ihe Norwegian dramaist. A small section of tho audience, tin- same ction that later oil applauded tlm attendant who it the gave 1 h e conductor a round of :i|ij.I:iii3«. which I hope he duly valued. The • nutc discriminating ;iinnn« (lie audience mid ; j!,,_-•,who pro/"fM(-knew—and perhaps admired -- Ilir-i'U and his works were silent, fur they !• i-.-jnisi.id the utter lack of propriety in Mr. Hall's remarks, and perhaps remembered that wiiilr; tile man who wrote the article knew his \- uiijivt, was a competent critic, a scholar and a highly cultivated liltcrnlcvr, Mr. Marshall wa — n"II, an orchestral conductor on whose musical v.-ot-k Ibsen, as a, literary man, would not rashly espress an opinion. gentleman sitting near me, who evidently did • regard " Ghosts," "Pillars of Society" and • Kumersliolin " as 4-lie most elevating style of literature, was very indignant over the conductor's dedication, which renliy had as little meaning as l ui.njjb he had said—" I dedicate the Melbourne, I'diversity to Ally Sloper," for ).)ie Professor .vtaiiily had no right lo make any dedication ). ••>,,nd his own personality. Apart from this nii'idi'iil there wen; several minor side events'. In 1 he corner of the lull where the coijiiosri'iili u-iudlv congregate there, were several men who »i.it forcible examples of Tolstoi's contention as 1.i tin- had effects of music C) which the Russian nril-r fo powerfully argues in his best-known I...U-J. It. ma.v have been the effect of tile dedicate"!. ..r it may have been ihe result of music. as ! li ne said, hut, to use au Ihseuism. they had i-vi'iv appearance of having "wreathed vine leaves in their hair." One oi them fell flat, and, in emulation of Samson, pulled tlx. 1 huge screen cw-i himself to tile ahirm of the audience, while ti'." others were at such pains to keep their !• I'lihl'iium that a Japanese acrobat could liavo 'J..,uird some new points ill balancing. Hud the. |'i...^iainme, included the KreiU'/.er Sonata we ».-uid all have been convetted to Tolstoi's doctrine utile-* it hud been made evident that the artist's l. iin.lrom where the staggerers came, had contained nothing stronger than tea. \ voiTespondeut . writes ;—" 111 reading your l.-'.'eveiicc to the morganatic mirriage of the Duke i.J Conhridge, the well-known lilies—'' memory will iiriner back the feeling,'' seemed toru-li in illy lined by recalling the many happy hours 1 spent dnniig the extravaganza or burlesque season at the Lyceum Theatre iu the. Strand in the year, 1M" l. under the management of tho Keeleys, w i.eii \ in; Duke's wife, under Ihe stage name of tiiiee I'iirebrother, took the leading part in the viii-:..us pieces which wore produced during the Eea-.n, commencing with ' Ali baba,' and ending piece, Willi the same title, but entirely lev.riiton. X need hardly mention what, an iinni. n-e favourite the lady was with the audience, or t!i.,t she was a line handsome woman, aud even in tieso faraway days the Duke's name was mentioned liy many of the frequenters of the tie-:.;,., (built ou the site of the death of the mad '')ei,n:iiitj with respect, to her. During the s-ason in .{in.-linn ] witnessed the debui of a daughter ot tin- ii'eeleys as Hlind Hfi'tlin. Our own Billy II irl.,,... ilforgeCoppinjeould doubtless furnish an n.t. wer with many pleasant reminiscences of tic- !<: . ),.ys, and of the wit and refined language dni'i.ee.fby Planohe and other burlesque writers 'li t ! days, showing bow pointless and inane ilv modern school of so-called oouiic opera ' "Hip.r. d with the extravaganzas and builesque.s "I lbe pa-t. One scene in particular is forcibly imi.iv-.e,! on my memory, that of a, stricken tree, taid V, ,tii what unction Koele.v would exclaim— ' -Villi ! here's the blasted oak. : " A i. i.v who is well-known in Me.bourne for her <••1" 'inI. nar.v gifts was asked, a little while ago, b' recitation nt a private party. She i'"iiseined I'didHy, and chose Tennyson's beaut if 111 lif'-'in • (i.vHviv." There 'happened to he among tlie L r ii"-ts at the liousoa very prim and [proper old iraioin lady- one o| tbn1 nil too proper kind who eniil for wrong in the petals ot a snowdrop. Throughout the recitation she professed to be highly shocked with tin? Godiva legend. When the reciter came 1o the lines: "And for a heart as rough a.s Esau's hand, He answered.' Hide \< u naked the..' the, town, And 1 repeat it,' " the prim old lady eovered her eyes with her hands ; and later on, nt the weids, Then she rode iort h clothed mi with chastity." the prude appealed to In- linn Uied. All this annoyed the reciter < >"remel\, bur slie re.-olvod to have, her revciisie in a joke. Alter the le- itation she went up to the old lady and said, in a voice loud eijontrh to be heard bv all : '• Voii ilnii't know tin.' i-toiv ot ti.,diva. 1 siippn.-<-:-" "Well, yes. you know—luit—er—I—'' "<lb. 1 tee. You were afraid I ivas jsoinm Ui do it iu c^tume. were, your Well yiiu obseive that. I haven't liiken anythiuir oil'" People like this obi Udy remind oue of Lady Fidget m Wycbei ley's comedy, "The Country Wife," w ho. when her hu.-bard was about to"leii the naked truth." ob.eivcd, "Fie, Sir Jasper! 'do tot use that word naked !"— Yours ;-ver, " jKUOliA 