WATERVALE SPORTS. fFrom, our own Correspondent.! The usual annual sports and entertain ment took place at Wntervale on Friday, September 1. On the day previous heavy rains fell continuously, aud the hearts of the Committee-men eunk below xero, look ing forward to a fnilure. However, provi dence smiled upon them, and the day opened with a bright sun and nice wind, which tended to put the ground in good order and the people in good spirits. There was a good attendance, and the events were well contested. Mr. T. Bowley kindly acted as bandicapper and starter, and gave all-round eatisfnction. Messrs. J. Ward and G. Perrin also carried out with firmness and justice the position of judges. The Foresters met at the hall and marched to the ground, headed by the Watervale State School Drum and Fife Band, which has only lately been brought into existence by Mr. Riley, the head teacher, who deserves great praiee for the proficiency he has brought tbe little fellows to. The efforts of the baud were loudly applauded, several pieces played on the ground bringing the loudest commenda tions. Subjoined is the prize-list: — Handicap, 135 yards, 20s, F. Beck ; 7s 6d, Langber. Boys, uader 12 years, 5s, H. Cockrum; 2s 6d, C. Jordan. Members' race, 20a, R. E. Grace ; 10s, S. Treloar ; 5«, A. J. Graham. Band boys, 3s, A. Leth ridge; 2S, J. Thomas. Boys uader 16 years, 10s, F. Grace ; 6s, Horace Badcock ; 2s 6d, H. Sewell. Allcomers' handicap, 150 yards, 25s, E. J Reynolds; 10s, P. Kelly; 5s, C. W. Hawkins. Three-legged race, 10a Hawkins and Beck ; 5s, Horn and Kelly. Foresters' (allcomers) race, 135 yards, 20s, A. J. Graham ; 10s, T. Evans ; 5s, Denni son. Hurdle nee, 220 yards, 25s, J. Dur rant; 15s, E. J. Reynolds; 5s, E. Green. Tilting, 2.'8, W.Bartlett; 10s, W. Perry; 6s, W. Grenfell, Forced handicap, 160 yards, 20s, Langrchr ; 10s, E. J. Reynolds ; 5s, C. W. Hawkins. In the evening an entertainment took place in the hail, which was packed, and the opinion was freely expressed that the programme was one of the best ever pro duced in Watervale, and that is saying a good deal, as Watervale is noted for having already had some high-class amateur enter tainments. After the distribution of prizes the secretary on behalf of tbe Sports Com mittee proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies aod gentlemen who had contri buted to such a successful entertainment, and tbe proposition was carried with ac clamation. The programme opened with a piano trio played on a grand instrument in faultless style by Miss Mayr and the Misses Munt. A school action-song by the juniors followed, ' Don't Fly Away, Birdie,' em! wns well received, the little boys and irirls singing and acting with pre cision. Miss Mayr sane ' Fiddle and I' very well indeed, to which Mr. W. G. Tre loar played the violiu obligate. It was a good item. Mr. Paddy Myhill then made bis first nppearance on the Water valy stage with bis cotric specialities, ' Grass Wi dower' and ' Mine, You Know,' and he fairly brought down the house, and has es tablished bis reputation us a king among comedians. He was recalled time after time, and the same may be said of all the items be favored tbe audience with. He may be sure of a hearty welcome next time he appears in Watervale. Miss L. Oarrigg, also a Watervale favorite, eaug in a finished and artistic etyle ' Dear Bird of Winter.' A recall wns given, but the young lady hardly felt up to another effort, as the pre vious song had a great range, and was a strain on the vocal powers. We call the lady n Watervale favorite because she has on many occasions helped the local people, and was always willing to do her part to wards I he production of a high-class en tertainment. Tbe next item was a novelty, being Madam A. Rodda's ventriloqual act, assisted by the 'Duke of Wellington,' ' Lord Nelson,' and an old-fashioned Aunt Sally, but as 'Lord Nelson' was noted for his cheek he was very unpolite to the Duke and Aunt Sally ; indeed he was also to his fountain of life — the Madam herself. Anyhow these three personages by the aid of. Madam Rodda kept the audience in roars of laughter from start to finish, and the lady's exhibiton was altogether first-class, and would have been voted as such on an Adelaide etage. A school song followed by the seniors (unaccompanied). ' Tbe Soldier's Death Bed,' in three parts, was admirably rendered, being faultless in time and tone. Mr. Riley must here again be praised for the interest he takes in the mueical education of his scholars, and there is no doubt if he should ever be called upon to leave here that he will leave behind him many young people into whom he has in stilled the love of good singing. Mr. Jae. Rodda then sang a good song which called forth an encore. He then gave ' The Tramp' — a fine song with a good and true sentiment, in a fine manly way, the words being very distinct. Paddy Myhill's ap pearance for ' Git Yer 'Air Cut' was the signal for a rapturous reception and an im perative encore. The first part closed with an amusing farce in which a ghost appeared. Messrs. C. Munt and C. W.~ Hawkins acted well, the former taking the part of a gentle men and the latter a nigger, while a local ghost did the gliding act to perfection. The second part opened with en overture very cleverly played by the MisaeB Carigg. The prizes were then distributed, and the lucky winners were loudly cheered as the Chair man of Committee (Mr. W. G. Treloar) handed them the results of their exeitions. Mr. F. P. Eaves, whose name was down for a comic song, to the disappointment of many, did not put in en appearance, the secretory stating Mr. Eaves would willingly have been present, but was unavoidably de tained, but we know we shall have other opportunities of hearing him, as he is ac customed to the Watervale boards, having in the past successfully piloted two or three commediettas through, when the effort was made for tbe proscenium and new piano, for which be has not been forgotten. The entertainment was brought to a close with a farce named 'Chiselling,' which was played in good style. This closed the en tertainment, which seemed to be thoroughly satisfactory to all. 