|k latent |itamjîî0it. Vita tine literit mort ett. ALTHOUGH in Australia we have bai ¡shed many of the old world custon and fashions, including nearly evei degree of superstition or belief i the miraculous, we are neverthelei strangely credulous and easily di ceived by the pretentious assertions < the charlatans who make a living b imposing upon their fellow men. W treat with contumely the imposto who pretends to be able to forecai the future ; and the astrologist, c common fortune teller, who attempt to exchange his fictitious propheaic for current coin of the realm, i promptly punished by the law. Aue tralians are too clever to be easil deceived, and conscious in their ow: impenetrability to deceptive artifice! they have erected safeguards by whic! the ignorant and superstitious visitor from other lands shall be protectei from imposture. Unassailable in thi direction, and being contemptuou unbelievers in ghosts, dreams, am everything unpractical and unreal Australians yet suffer themselves ti be deluded to an astonishing extent bi two classes of pretenders, the quaci and the weather prophet. The formel is usually a man who has graduate! in the schooh of ignorance and impu dence, which entitles him to assutni the title of Professor of Quackery ant Arch-governor of Roguery. For yean he has practised on the fears anc imagination of the multitudes whc mistake indigestion for heart disease and who try to counteract the ill effects of over-eating or excessive drinking, by swallowing pills and boluses prescribed by individuals who claim that their nostrums cure every ailment, and are suitable for every constitution. The other humbug is the weather prophet, although to give him his due he seldom publishes his predictions for material gain ; unless to be a professional meteorological observer in receipt of a salary, entitles him to be classed among those who make their living by prognosti cating the future. At the meteorolo gical observatories in various parts of the world the Government astronomers are able by the most perfect system of collated daily information to give a fairly accurate forecast of whether it will be wet or dry during the ensuing 24 hours. The number of observing stations in England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland, on the Continent, and across the Atlantic, enable the officers of the department to ascertain with almost unvarying accuracy the direction of wind ana the action of the barometer over a radius of some thousands of miles. With many years of experi ence, with the most delicate recording instruments, and stations for observa tion close and faraway, the officials frankly state they cannot forecast the weather with exactitude, nor can they say if an inch or the twentieth part of an inch will fall in any particular dis trict. They are able, however, to state positively that gales are approaching and will be especially severe on certain parts of the coast, and the promoters of a picnic party may ascertain the night beforehand whether it would be judicious next day to provide them selves with umbrellas and waterproofs, but beyond this science can do no more. The future is closed to the weather prophet almost as securely as to the soothsayer of old, or the medicine-men of the tribes of North America and Africa. Indeed, the medicine-men were able by a lifelong observation to foretell with some accuracy the rain or wind which might result locally from certain conditions observable in the heavens, and many a Srophecy by chance alone became ful iled. So the amateur observer of the signs of the heavens, when he sees the wind shifting about from one quarter of the compass to the other, may con fidently predict no rain, except in the shape of a shower falling from one of the clouds circling about the sky, blown hither and thither by the changeable wind. But when from the north-east a strong wind blows, laden with moisture, all the night and next day, the local observer may say with every degree of certainty we shall have a thunderstorm from the south west to-night, but how much rain, whether four points or four inches he cannot tell. So the head of the meteo rological department in Brisbane may gather information from varions sta tions and issue a forecast that there will be thunderstorms in isolated places, and rain more or less heavy anywhere in a radius of some hundreds of miles. Sometimes, but very rarely, his forecasts are correct, and more often they are completely misleading, and of no value whatever. Nearly every week for the last three months our telegrams from Brisbane on Mon day evening have declared that thun derstorms with strong winds and rain will prevail over the western interior, but tor weeks together no rain what ever fell in the west. Considering the vast territory included in this colony, and that the principal observer is localed in one corner of it, we cannot expect that he should be able to fore cast the weather for north, centre, and interior, and we are greater fools than the man himself to place any value of what use is it for residents here to be informed that thunderstorms with heavy rain may be expected in the interior of the Central District, and then to learn afterwards that the only rain recorded was 25 points at Emu Park, between 400 and 500 miles from Longreach. We suppose every man in his small way esteems himself wea ther wise, and we all like to foretell what is about to happen when clouds are moving about and the thermometer is at 100 degrees in the shade. Yet how often do our forecasts fail utterly and miserably, until perhaps from the twentieth time of predicting rain it comes at last, and after watching about half an inch of the waler soaking into the soil, we exclaim in triumph that we knew the rain would come, while at the same time, three or four miles away, not a drop has fallen upon the parched earth. The fact is, forecasts in the Í'resent condition of information rom outside meteorological stations are misleading frauds, and the weather prophets themselves, who are some times sincere, acknowledge that occa sionally they are baffled altogether in their observations. An interesting article in the Rockhampton Bulletin shows plainly enough that the weather bureau in Brisbane is entirely at fault. It says:-We have had almost daily forecasts of stormy winds, heavy thun derstorms, and the usual tropical dis turbances peculiar to the time of year; but so far none of these have been verified. The fact seems to be that the weather has been most remarkable, not only from the great heat, but from the fact that old-time theories of meteorologists have been upset. From Mr. HANNA we learn that several times within the past week or so the barometer has fallen sud denly, which is generally an indication of rain. Then again, the barograph, an instrument on which those skilled in reading the signB of the heavens depend very greatly, has for a week or ten days shown unmistakeable tokens of atmospheric disturbances, tokens that might easily deceive that eminent I weather prophet, Mr. WBAGGE, who just now is in the northern part of the colony, leaving the forecasting to his first assistant, Mr. A. W. ANDERSON. The winds, too, have been constantly changing, and, while at one moment the conditions were favorable to the expectation of early rain, the next they were such that a change waa utterly beyond hepe. In comparing the weather ia Boekhampton with that felt in the far western part of the country, where Eockhampton'a great est achievement in thiB respect has been dwarfed time and again, it has been remarked by those who have passed through a summer in the interior that i the heat there is " dry," and, therefore,, not so trying as that we have to under fo here, wnich they term "moist." here is no gainsaying the fact that I the heat here is usually accompanied by the presence in the atmosphere of a great quantity of moisture; buttha weather that has been "enjoyed" in I this town since the new year set in has been "dry," and residents will now be able to understand how much more [ pleasant is a summer in the western interior than in the coastal districts. 