Yarn-Spinning-. Somehow those who go down to tbe • • • in *K»pn nlwiy* seein to live 8 life of incident, and those who live through it would appear aiB, having* enjoyed a charmed existence or to have been more ,. especially under providential benignity. Whether it is that the seaman's life is more especially beset with peril, intensified more or leee 'by recklessness or daring, I won't ventore an opinion, I only offer yoor readers the facts as disclosed in the following' yafrn. It is now close on half a century since," that a knockabout old brig of some 300 tons, "Glenalvon" by name riid'register, having carted over some of tbe earlier Adehrfdeans—notably the Honorable Peacock ALL A., then a squeaking'paler in arms— was bound to Guam, or " going seeking™ for oargo and bad caHed in to Bataviaj and foiling in jretting a charter was off again away for the " Green islands of glittering seas, Where fragrant forests perfume the brefceo, of the Eastern Archipelago, and the gorgcons break- ot an oriental morning saw us under Bail with a light air, stealing out past Amsterdam Island. I had just completed the finishing touch to dressing tbe ahlp by crossing the main royal yard, and looking ahead under the roach of tbe 'eail -observed something ahead, called attention to it, and as we slowly passed it, one of the hands swept it np with a bight of a rope, and after hanling In some few fathoms of native made line, it was . evident. that we had got hold of a fish-pot or trap which was quiekly hanled up to the surface, under the counter with a view of petty larceny on the contents. I remember even now at tbis distance of timetbe gorgeoas appearance it presented to Jne friom my vantage at the masthead, tbe pot or cage, (a bamboo and ratten Jmilt, flhamber—some 8 feet by 6 and ' Cbout 4h* -same depth) looking with tbe evw . flashing . of the fish confined (a sort of 'a red snapper) like one block of molten gold, changing into dark or lighter ' as tbe fish dashed - about in it. They ha-l secured it by two pieceq of rattlin stuff, (small lioe') and a difficulty presented itself as to how tbe fiah were to be got ont, and tbe old man having gone below, the second mate Uat Conway, (the only officer we had by the bye), elected to get in by a sort of a trap door and band out tbe plunder. He secured and banded up some two dozen fine fellows, when bonvr! tbe foremost lash iiy.. parted . and. „.the .pot swung round "with tl'ie" littld way— two or three knots —tbe brig had on her, and poor Conway's life, depending ,on the. one lashing, was hardly north five seconds. I had juBt landed on. Hie. rail and lost no time in running a light :io»> along to tbe quarter,' which tl<«- irrprigoneii Conway got hold of tl rnut.li tin- int< isiii i s of the cage, nod .little 'iute UHN *ONI ID HNULINK it slonjjeiHe 'again and telling fur sliipmnteom, which I confcsh bad bt)«-n to uie past hop* tiut a few seconds be I or P, and the lashing having been cast off, ibe cage being evidently heavy weighted Bunk with .plnnge which would not have given poor Mat much of a chance, and would have made it very questionable if we could have even picked it np again to procure the remains; the usnal healthy moral (honesty iB tbe bent policy), read it-elf out in this as in most other cases of tbe kind. Nemesis in the form of a tbnnder elorni followed, and overtook us in the \- afternoon, spoiling all our hazardously acquired plunder. She—the brig—was an unlucky booker in epite of the protective borse-shoe, nailed oo her pall bit and the lest I heard of her was her being picked up derelict in tbe Western Ocean, present- ing pretty clear and ensanguined evidences that she had been the theatre of a terrible mutiny or piracy. The sailor proper is naturally or by education or association ever more or less superstitious, generally in reverential direction, more in hope than fear, and more in a blind trusting faith in providence than any thing else, and the wonders of the deep and th" great perils and dangers with which his experience i6 charged, to which .superadded traditions back to the earliest of recorded time, make him while still "the careful watch patrolling the deck" a steady believer and gives force to the poet's song.—" And he can ne'er forget his God who Bails upsn tbe deep." There are however some who have come into seafaring occupation - without the early training, I mean in a moral sense, which coming- to it as a boy affords, and having been as it were pitchforked into it by force of circumstances rather than attracted by inclination these men—stewards, cooks, Jimmy Docks, end those kind of persons however blusterous, in docks or in fine weather, having no faith to support them, pretty generally shew a good deal or bad deal of whitefeatber, in times of peril or exigency, henae it is that I can look forward with some degree of complacency upon the memory of a trick finely played upon one of tb»Be gentry in which I was certainly accomplice before and after the fact In the Glenalvon we realised the truth of the nautical adage " God stands food and tbe devil provides cookB" and we had one, Richie by name, who certainly filled tbe bill in tbis direction for perhaps . a more inefficient minister of the cuisinary department never spilt grease on a clean deck or threw ashes to windward. He was in fine weather or when the old man was gone below, about aa bounoeable as there was room for in a small ship, talked fight and carried on considerably, but there was a noticeable nervoUBness about him by night or in heavy weather and he B' emed to labor nnder a nervous apprehension and was generally accredited with half or all tbe crimes of the'Decalogue, and with this brief introduction my .readers must suppose the brig being to an anchor on the Prdir coast under Acheen Head, time 2 am. the crew—vessels were not over manner* in those days any more than at present—only allowed one man as anchor watch, and I came on deck to relieve on* Ja<-ob (an eccentric being who ha-, after srvtnt; his time as an apo.theccry and sinning in business for bimst-tf, let the. whole thing go by the board, started to sea and embraced it as a profession) and I was at once informed that .while doing his tw hours he ba>i evolved a pleasxnt little " surprise" for " the doctor" (Richie) and I was at once inducted into the mystery. We bad killed a goat the previooB day, and the Bkin hung dipping over tbe bows to cleanse, and the phosphorescent molecules which make these seas at times almost luminous by night had adhered to tbe hair, and given it an appearance like silver 6heen. It was arranged between us two conspirators that should when near eight bells (4 a.m.) haul np the Bkin and stow it away for nse, and then with mnch pretence of fear and excitement call the doctor (Mr Cook Bichie) and passing away the intermediate time with a .pipe and. some congenial "twister" we-waited till tbe arranged bonr, and then Jacob went alott into, the main top, and suspended the goat skin to the main-lift and certes it had » most weird effect, and to any believer ..in Lthesupernatural, it was a fair embodiment of the popular'idea of a ghost—faiot, shadowy, and luminous, the slight rolling of the brig to tbe swell coming from tbe Indianooean^oBt giving ita low pendulous motion. Bichie was then duly called and prepared with a gruesome story of'what had frightened both of ua all our watoh, Md; hence our keeping together foj company. The cook Riobie was much perturbed at tbe narrative, bnt a sight of unmanned him, and I verily believe his knees smote each other, and his teeth actually chattered for cause other than the chill of the early morning. What was to be done ? Cal^ tbe captain ? " No!" replied the bead conspirator, " Fm not afraid ; if you [tbe narrator] and the doctor like to come aft nnder the main rigging, to be as near to me «s you can, I'll go up and see what It is," and with some affected nsrvonsness on oar part and real trepidation on bis, we went aft, when Jacob went up the ladder, and in a few Beconda sung out cheerily. " Why, there's nothing here," he having quickly cut down the ghost and put it inside bis pea-jacket. He descended and declared there was nothing there, to the increased .consternation of poor Bichie, who had a terrible time of it the balance of the voyage, Especially in bad weather it was a standing joke to give false rumors of the ghost for the'doctor's-Benefit He was never undeceived, and I have no doubt if dead, which'bas probably eventuated long ere this, he died^in ghostly faith, as, meeting him yeara after the occurrence and taking him into a pub for a memorial nip, be called me aside and mysteriously revived " the thing we saw down on Sumatra"— the very mention of it seeming to put bim temporarily into what Barns torms an " eerie Bwather." 