The California*! gold fever was at ifcsheight when the crowd o£ fortune seekers, excited by tbe prospect of immediate gain, of Hie Bangalong. We-that is, Jack Pettit and I-had fol lowed the gold away up the river for long, weary miles sometime * m company, often , alone, occaa onally finding dust, but more fre I quentiy digging from sunrise until sunset; without seeing a spe k. In comnum with ! tihrnmiuniw of adveuturers who were 111 a similar plight we were mocked by the fickle ! jade fortune. *Hie most incomprehensible tiling about it all was that there seemed to be some party for ever in advance of us; for, although the h <in 1th of the river were undisturbed, the water came down from the hills Wen with mud, which was easily recognisable by a mi ner's eye. It was only after a long, tedious tramp, with heavy hearts and ever lightening poc kets, that we came upon the advance party. They welcomed us with wliatgra«e they could which was not m><ch ; but our arrival matter ed little, for othe-s quickly came along our trail now in compau es and again singly, un til there were fully 50 goldseekers of almost as m -ny nationalities upon thegrouud. All of these remained, not one went further. There was no need, for the bed .of the gold had been diseove ed. Within the space of a square mile or so, lay enough of the precious metal to have enriched & thousand miners beyond the dreaniB of avarice. The camp was pitched on the bank of (lie river, which, under the scorching f the sum mer sun, had dwindled down to a mere fresh et. There was none too much water obtain able for the requirements ot gold-washing $ it was rapidly becoming too precious a com modity to be recklessly employed as a bever age-a result which gladdened the heart of Bert Togue, the barkeeper, who, with the foxmftRR of a vulture for scenting out carcasses fend followed promptly upon the heels of the thirsty miners and adventurers. The scene ry was impressive and aweinspiring. Bh-ak, barren, yet priceless quartz reefs rose in long undulating waves of stone, like a petrified ou every side. Beyond these lay the brush and scrub, interspersed here and there with clumps of pine, while farther away still a inng range of low, naked hills stretched a long tli pi sky line until they were lost in Tiiose hills enjoyed an evil reputation as , resorts of bands of redskinB, who had cut off more one pnospediiig party, and of f pireipg and road agents, who were even more ? merciless than they. In one thing both were cordially agreed; their hands were against the miners, and equally the miners Bcored against them on every possible app-wtunifcy. ThMP fellowB served one useful purpose, for the fear and dread of them caused us to keep together; as to have fallen into taeir hands would have been certain death. One evening, when the cradles were busily nocking and the drippers flashing, a stranger rode into the camp. Hie jwed nag was nearly travel-spent; its tongue lolled limply out of its mouth, {the great ears flopped loos ely orer the bleared, bloodshot eye,, and its withers were badly wrung. .Nor was the ap pearence of the ruler more att- active. He was an undersized, thin, red- ha>red-ma»; and, as he sat there upon, his sorry steed, at- j most spent with fatigue and hunger, he look- j ed most unprepossessing of mortals. The arrival of a stranger was too common an event to attract attention in a camp where j tim collection of glutei ing wealth!wa» the one eerious business of lite. Therefore no one spoke to or even noticed the newcomer, who, after looking slowly around as if to t*ke in alt the bearings, rode up to the Togue's bar. Having climbed down and hitched up his «ag, the stranger entered the large shanty in search of provision tor man and beset which it was the barkeeper's proud privilege to dispense ax^i that of his customers to pay for. Ijater in the evening when digging was en d«d and the everlasting damper haa been dis posed of, the boys assembled beneath Togue'e hospitable rooftree for the aceustomed drink and fun. The red-haired arrival was present, keeping unobtrusively in the background. ; He has no kit with him, nor anything to in dicate that he was a prospector,* although his travel-stained appearance and the freedom with which he spent his cash showed that he was famili&r; with the customs of mining life. In one of the lulls of conversation he spoke. His voice sounded Boft andlax- like a woman's but its sweet and perfectly modulated tones penetrated through the long bar. It was long since any of us had listened to such a silver strain. Words pure as the notes of English songbirds and unsullied by ribaldry the Bangalong, or anywhere else in Cali fornia. * Who d'ye s'pose he is, mate?' Don't know. One o' diem Erisco chape, may be. Pr'aps a sneak a-spying out the nakedness of the land' she speaker laughed at his own Bally of frit. Speculation was cut short almost at once. The little «ed-haaxed man, turning to uu, aaid civilly enough with a slight tremor in his voice * Boje, I am a missionary, and lisve been gent here that I may look after the interests of those who have left fathers and moftffy behind in the old Blasters (States.9 The speech was greeted with derisive laughter. ' A parson!' Taking no notice of the interruption, ex cept that his cheek reddened a little he con ~ ned 'Yoa will figd me a friend, By penmeeioii tike keeper «f ibis aakpm tfaere will bo preaching here next Sunday afterno on; audi j lean to pnotiee that which I preach." A bom Of ewafced voices now drowned the speaker's words. When ft ceased he had mm _ Judging from the conversation which fio#. lowed it teemed robable that the parson, if ahnnlrl attempt to carry out bis intention.. would encounter « lively opposition; the camp not being an assembly of wants, not; «wen latter-day ones. Bid; something ooratted that nght which enticly altered the situation. t A sharp word epolen by Togue'e eon to a j rough Yankee led to a rapid unmuerfiugot ^uUdsgs,' with the result that the bar-keeper « I son, who wb-) a gent-sal favorito, wna shot ; through the shoulder. , (Vimn (opinion urn high agamgst the per petrator, who was even threatened with lynching. .. _ .« When the tumult was at the highest the parson came back and quickly maue tiimeel mast r oC the condition of affiurB. , . ' Hold, unhallowed men,' he esdaamea. in those low, earnest tone of hla, 'would you add sin t * ein ? Let tibia man go, and your forgiveness shall be his greatest punish ment.* * Stand aside, mister; Ibis ain't no^ tamo few preaching; we air on business hews.* 'I will not. Who among you hw a to (alee away » life which he cannot re store?' . A voice in the near of the crowd rejoined \- I guess, Btmnger, we hev. And we air going, too.' A rough-looking man, who was to all ap earances a leader in this roughly consu lted court of justice, now interposed, fie said * You mean well, stranger, 'no doubt; but you air out of place here, Take my advice and make yourself scarce, lor yon can't do good and you may do harm Jake here has got tofdie; we say it. Uwn't the first time he has been too handy with his shooting irons, but it's got to be the last. Eh, boys?* 'But I tell you, men, you will commit murder.' * Go pardon, and don't meddle with what doeen't concern you. What are we vigilante for?' * I have m doty, men to perform, as well as you, and will not be deterred from doing it. You eayywtt wiH. day this man. Hi® hear me j you will only loll lam over my body.' uie miners liked grit whenever found, and alow muiiniir of applanse©rieet^ this speech, which was to them far more impressive than any mere plea for mercy conid haw been. The rough fellows talked to one another, the culprits' guards-perhaps intentionally relaxed their vigilance, and in the oonfoaon the Yankee disappeared, giving his comrades and would-be executioners time to let their i anger cool. Young Togue did not die. The paason, who gave his name as Joel Baldwin, eonkituted himself the sufferer's nurse, attending to his every want, damnne his wound and loading htm like a child through the long days and nights, more tenderly, the grateful old saloon keeper said, than any woman could have done. Ibis act of d votion touched the heart of the camp, which lay deep, but was not dead. When Sunday afternoon came found the con iftion was a crowded one. ~jthe racy outset of the proceeding! the preacher made an important demand upon the goodwill and fbrbeMaace of his audience. He commenced by pointing out the danger which attended the mitcheivous practice of cartying shooting-irons, enforcing hit argu ment by reference to the critical condition of young Togue. He then further urged the being brought into the house of the Prince of Peace, stated his personal dm > of such, and concluded an earnest appeal by insisting that all who might attend lus ministrations mould deliver up their weapons to the saloon keeper on entering. t he gaunt miners looked foolidbdy sheepish, 1 ughed, demurred, and the®, when fbcgr that the meant what Iw said, handed over the irons into the custody of Beit Togue. Togue took chaxge of all these, placing them in the box which aerved as a pulpit, so that the parson trod the carnal weapons under his feet. Several weeks passed and the influence of Parson Joel, as he was familiarly called, be gan to effect a marked improvement in the camp. Duels became lese frequent, irregu larities less pronounced; the weakest found that they had some chance In the b&ttfte; for life and wealth. The Sunday afternoon preaching became an extraordinary success; not a man among na would have missed it upon atiyfconsideration, the j had such a winning way with ftutm. ' _ junior, too, began to improve under the care of his Belf-constituted muse. Xhe gold, which yielded heavily both hi duafc and nnggeta, vae ranilariy d^odted with a firm offarokscs, whose fin!1* dealings yitji mpfi^pinn* Once in every month anacmed cajntcame over from ITtasoo and conveyed the accumulated pmjmiK ^npfaJ to the bank. Parson Joel had been with us three months, finding plenty of work both in in instructing anil nursing his rough flock, mote than one member of which fit had been his melancholy duty to consign to the auri ferous dust. During this time he had en dewed himself to all, bo that more than one upon him far ae ns who could mm ive of no other means «f ahowzne their gratitude. fhneveie invariably declined with the remark that he had enough for his personal needs, and sought not theirs, but "Item. Jkll ffeis iocreaaed Pfcnon Joel's npti> hebec«r»M»««"ioffU About Urn time the pirates *!»» |»*in« lui on i»u> limni iuh)«"p1» dar&DflE;, and rrTTTiga nffbcm hH »lli^1 ***& rumors that a T*|» « wiem r^T~ j,;i, theroadagent®, forming*la <*.»>? nnder the le*fe«^ip of named Bow, whom they had coomitiitefl ^Tbe* rumor acquired force roin the **®t that a man who hsd recently joined as w found dwt dead in fte scrub. This occurrence served to make miincreas acs-"-25sS which at this time numbered told-men whose hands could keep their heads- . , . ««,. The month was drawing to a close. «*e grinRtywgMOTtbeta* posited,and thebonestb<okers retired, hold^ Kip fully 75,000 dolara worth of the n""ef® .Jropertv which would, tJl being w«U, be STKnte for Friscoe on the following Mon or wandering umksdjr the golly, while the wmghCT sort around among the various haw wtuchjbad Mjnmgnp. When the hour of service struck had gone for a fcfcroll, was »n Btni Togue. although vastly unproved, was fflU weak, and needed, so the parcon tail air he could get. There was no lack of it in tiie vicinity of the camp, the firearms wore collected and depoertta. in depths of the extemporised the service be©m, «o that during worship he ofril was absorbed in this exercise a shot was fired outside, and the sound of a eeuffie, by a wild cry for help; were heard proceeH from his lair, sprang to And themselves face to facc w*Jh two :&S3;£i3S»,£ presenting (heir revolvers thundered < ff-i n«3« up ! the first of you wbo moves is a dead man.* . _ The situation became d^. The was attacked, and those who should have hem Us defenders had been rendered de fenceless hy theirown aetmn^ One possiMe chance remained oppuThere -» a door bi&Snd; the preacher, who had re * a quiet unmoved spectator of the proceedings. U ihia could be gMned the itfeck mght jet be beaten off and the gold aved. , Thoseof us who were farthest remoVea from the rubers made a partial movement towards the door. But this way was quick ly che<*ed for aawe gathered oaradvu for a rush, the meekaod gentle attitode of Par eon Jnd oateweat a complete and terrible change? The man's slight form dilated, his ramafty miM eyes fiashed fire and his count enance became so altered as to he scarcely recognisable. With a movomeot whieh was almost quicker than all light he whipped oat a brace of Colt's revolvers from some secret pocket, and with the skill of a practis ed marksman, he. wbo feared the very sight of a pistol, covered his congregation in front as completely as the two rtnagen had done intheaftar. We were cbeekmated com pletdy. The game eo boldly played was WIND. The helpless diggers, chafing under the in dignity which was even less patiently to be bamfiMn the threatened low, sat down agasn ant cipating only too well the course which events would take. Our chagrin was not lessened when Far ran Joel, without the ghost of a «naBe upon his ace, said . Friends, advem^ comes sooner or later tons all, in order that we nmyleam bow to practice s* well as preach. Youareall wit nesses that I have frequently besought yon not to put yonr frost in riches, which take to themselves wings and flyaway/ He bad scarcely ceased speaking when a peculiar cry-the yelp of the coyote-was heard in the distance* Hit was evidently the signal for which the marauders had been waiting, for Par son Joel bowed ironically, and, lacking open <door 'behind him, disappear ed. The other two similarly vanished. The miners, like of released a troop of echoolbovg, or »gang of released convicts, tumbled pell meU into the open; but they were too late. The sound of rapidlv repeating horse hoofs .-J the li!gh&o;£ the tobbera. There was no donbtof the direction whieh they had taken, for one of the fugitives was still foil in view. 60 forfmm tnging bishonse to its greatest pace, he seemed rather to duek % designing, perhaps, to aid thefescape of the gang. In his flight he hao the hardihood to turn and ware his band to the discomfited These saw at a, glance the extent at the mischief. The gold store had been rifled. Its angle defender lay dead in his own door way, shot through the heart. The other broker had fled. With a^wiM cry for vengeance, we and snatched 1 lent, thai, throwing"ourselves upon our horses, dashed away in a swift* relentless pursuit. The fugitive evidently observed Otis, for putting his steed to its fullest stretch of speed he rode eeddesdy over er«y inmedimeii^ nd qpgtmd seenzeo, for be In another quarter of a mile he would have gained the shelter of the tanker scrub, where pursuit woald have been hopeless; buitbefoie he could do so spoff of ame*e floated report of a rifle, which reached our ears an wo nir the galloping horae stumble, throwing the rider heavily over its head. A man-it was young Togue -came leisurely across the racks, carrying a still smoking rifle la his hand. He «m making directly Cor (he -cene of the cataetro^he, but some of the riders muhed (he «p(Jt almost an quicklv as he. The aim had been ferae. The horse, a mag nificent sorrel, lay dead in its tmeb 10 yards behind its hapless rider, who was bruised out of (seembbnoe to humanity. A coarse r<*d wig had fallen from his head, and a rich wealth of blood-dragged, tangled golden hair trailed oat orer the stones. Young iogae stuped, wiped his weapon, and cooly remarked ' I thought something had gone wrong, that's why I fired. Sorry I wiped the fellow out, though.' 'By the 'jumping jehosliaphat, it,s our Parson Joel; anyway it's all that's left of him,* murmured some one. Togue stepped forward, a light of recogni tion flashed into his eyes, and he fell upon his knees, tearing away the rough coat in his frenzied endaavor to discover whether the heart had ceased to beat. He had scarcely done this when he sprang to his feet, rittt consternation depicted on his face, crying, * Boys, by all the powers, it isa woman!' We were still standing, baffled and angry, round the corpse, when a band of horse men dashed ftp at a hand gallop. As the leader sprang from his horse he half pushed, half dragged a, villainous-looking ruffian to Uwfrimk. ' Here, you honest fellows,' he called out in tones of command, *do any of you know Ihis rapparee scoundrel? We caught him galooting around three miles below, and as he couldn't give a good account of himself, took the liberty of bringing him along with us.* A dozen men sprang forward to look into the captive's face as he glared defiantly, dar ing them to do their worst, and he read death in their eyes. Then the fellow's gaze fell upon Parson Joel. In a moment the strong man was bowed with anguish, his fortitude forsook him, he fell upon his knees, gently raised the battered head in his grimy and, passionately kissing the pallid brow wailed ' Oh, Bess! Bess! Good heaven 1' Then we all knew that Joel Baldin, parson sick-nurse, trusted friend and gold robber, was none other than Bess, the notorious queen of the pirates of the prsirie and the vfllinous road agents, who had for m long been the ecoorge of California. For one brief moment afterward we felt sad at heart. 