Tlie Strange Tragedy of the White Star. By W. Claek UtTSSELii, Author of 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Wreck Grosvenor,' ' A Sea Queen,' &a;, &c; It is proper I should state at once that the names I give in this extraordinary experience are fictitious; the date of the tale is easily within the memory of the middle aged. The large, well-known Australian liner White Star lay off the wool-sheds in Sydney harbor slowly filling up with wool; I say slowly, for the oxen were languid up country written his history— ') drop by drop.' We were, however, advertised to sail in a fort night from the day I open this story on, and there was no doubt of our setting away by then. I, who was chief officer of the vessel, was paoing the poop under the awning, when I saw a lady and gentleman approaching the vessel. They spoke to the mate o£,a Frenoh barque which lav just ahead of ns, arid I concluded that their business was with that ship, till I saw the Frenchman, with a flourish of his hat, motion towards the White Star, whereupon they advanced and stepped on board. I went on the quarter-deck .to receive them. The gentleman had the air . of a - military man — short, erect as a royaUnast, with plenty of whiskers and moustache, though he wore his hair cropped. His companion ; was a very fine young woman of about six and twenty years ; above the average height, faultlessly-shaped, so far as a rude seafaring eye ia privileged to judge of each matters; pale; inclined to sallow, but most delicate, of a trans parency of flesh that showed the blood eloquent in her cheek, coming and going with every mood that possessed her. She wore a little fall of veiL but she raised it when her companion handed her over the side in order to look round and aloft at the fabric of spar and shroud towering on high, with its central bunting of house flag pulling in ripples of gold and blue from the royalmast head ; and eo I had a good sight of her face, and par ticularly of her eyes. I never remember the like of such eyes in a woman. To describe them as neither large nor small, the pupils of the liquid duskiness of the Indian's, the eyelashes long- enough to oast a silken shadow of tenderness upon the whole expression of her face when the lids dropped — to say all this is to convey nothing ; simply because their expression formed the wonder, strangeness, and beauty of them, and there is no virtue in ink, at all events in my ink, to communicate that the surprise of the beauty of her eyes when they came to minp and rested upon me, steadfast in their stare as a picture, was a sort of shock in its way, comparable in a physical sense to one's unexpected handling of some thing slightly electric For the rest her hair was very black and abundant, and of that Bort of deadness of hue which you find among the people of Asia. I cannot) describe her dress. Enough if I say that she was in mourning, but with a large admixture of white, for those were the hot weeks in Sydney. 'Is the captain on board?' enquired the gentleman. ' He is not, sir.' 'When do you expect him?1 'Every minute.' ' May we is top here?' 'Certainly. Will you walk into the cuddy or on to the poop ?' 'Oh, well keep in the open, we'll keep in the open,' cried the gentleman, -with tbe im petuosity of a man rendered irritable by the leat. ' Youil have had enough of the cuddy. Miss Le Grand, long before you reach the old country.' She smiled. I liked her face then. It was a fine, glad, good-humored smile, and humanised her wonderful eyes just as though you clothed a ghost in flesh, mating toe Bpeotre natural and commonplace. As we asoended the poop ladder the gentle man asked me who I was quite courteously, though bis -whole manner waa marked by a quality of military abruptness. When he understood I was chief officer he exclaimed : — 'Then Miss Le Grand permit me to intro duce Mr. Tyler to you. Miss Georgina lie Grand is going home in your ship. She will be alone. We have placed her in the oare of the captain.' 'Perhaps,' said Miss lie Grand with another of her fine smiles, 'I ought to introduce you, Mr. Tyler, to my uncle, Colonel Atkinson.' Again I pulled off my cap, and the colonel laughed as he lifted his wide straw hat. I guessed he laughed at a certain naivete in the girl's way of introducing us. The colonel was disposed to chat. Out of England Englishmen are amongst the most talkative of the human race. Likely enough he wanted to interest me in Miss Le Grand because of my situation on board. A chief mate is a considerable figure. If any mishap incapacitates the master the chief mate takes charge. We walked the poop, the three of us, in the violet shadow cast by Jbhe awning; the colonel constantly directed his eyes along the quay to observe if the captain was coming. During this stroll to and fro the white planks I got these particulars, partly from the direct assertions of the colonel, partly from the occa sional remarks of the girL Colonel Atkinson had married her father's eister. Her rather had been an officer in the army,' and had sailed from England with the then Governor of New South Wales. Afifer he had been in Sydney a few months he sent for his daughter, whom he had left behind him with a maternal aunt, her mother having died eome years before. She reached Sydney to find her father dead. His Excellency was very kind to her, and she found very many sympathetic friends, but her home was in England, and to it she was re turning in tbe White Star, under the care of the master, Captain Edward Griffiths, after a stay of nearly five months in Sydney with her urn le, Colonel Atkinson. Half an hour passed before the captain arrived. When he stepped on board I lifted my cap and left th6 poop, and the captain and the others went into tie cuddy. Our day of departure came round, and not a little rejoiced was I when the tug had fairly got bold of us, and we were floating over the sheet-calm surface of Sydney Bay, past eome of the loveliest bits of scenery the world has to ofier. on our road to the miehtv ocean beyond the grim portals of Sydney Heads. We were a fairly crowded ship — what with Jacks and passengers. The steerage and 'tweendecks were full up with people going home ; in the cuddy some of the cabins remained unlet. We mustered in all, I think, abont twelve gentle men and lady passengers, one of whom, needless to say, was Miss Georgina Le Grand. I had been busy on the forecastle when she came aboard, but heard afterwards from Bob son, the second mate, that the Governor's wife, with Colonel Atkinson, and certain nobs out of Government House had driven down to the ship to say good- bye to the girl. She was alone. I wondered she had not a maid, but I afterwards heard from a bright little lady on board, a Mrs. Burney, one of the wickedest flirts that ever with a flash of dark glance drew a sigh from a man, that the woman Miss Le Grand, had engaged to accompany her as maid to Europe had omitted to put in an appear ance at the last moment, in perfect conformity with the manners and habits of the domestio servants of the Australian colonies of those days, and the young lady having no time to. procure another maid had shipped alone. At dinner on that first day of our departure, when the ship was at sea and I was stumping the deck in charge, I observed, in glancing through the skylight, that the captain had pnt Miss Le Grand upon the right of hiB chair at the head of the table, a little before the fluted and emblazoned shaft of the mizzenmast. I don't think above five eat down to dinner ; a long heave of swell had sickened the hunger out of most of them. But it was a glorious evening, and the red sunshine flashing fair upon the wide open skylights dazzled out as brilliant and hospitable a picture of cabin equipment as the sight could wish. I had a full view of Misa Le Grand, and occasionally paused to look at her, so standing as to be unobserved. Now that I saw her with her hat off I found something very peculiar ana tasomating in ner Beauty. Her eyes seemed to fill her face, subduing every lineament to the full spiritual light and mean ing in them till her countenance seemed sheer intellect, the Very quality and spirit of mind itself. This effect, I think, was largely aohieved by the uncommon color of her skin. Its accentuated hue, casting a deeper dye into the blackness of her hair, sharpening the fires in her eyes, painting her lips with a more fiery tinge of carnation, through which, when ehe smiled, her white teeth shone like light itself. I noticed even on this first day, daring my cautious occasional peeps, that the captain was particularly attentive to the young lady; in which, indeed, I should have found nothing significant— -for ehe had in a special degree been committed to his trust— but for the cir cumstance of his being a bachelor. Even then. early and fresh as the time was for thinking of each things, I guessed when I looked at the girl that the hardy mariner alongside of her would not keep his heart whole a week, if indeed, for the matter of that, he was not already head over ears. He was a good looking man in his way; not everybody's type of manly beauty, perhaps, but certain of admiration from those who relish a strong sea flavor and the color of many years and countless leagues of oceanin one's looks, speech, and deportment. He was about thirty-five, the heartiest laugher that ever strained a rib in merriment, a genial kindly man, with a keen seawardly blue eye. weather-colored face, short whiskers, and rising in his Books to near six feet. I believe be was of Welsh blood. This was my first voyage- with him. The rigorous discipline or ?ne quarcer-aecK naa neia us apart, and alf that I could have told of him I have here written;'. For eome timeafter we left Sydney nothing whatever noteworthy'* happened. One quiet evening I came on deck at eight o'clock to take charge of the ship till midnight. We were still in the temperate parallels, the weather of a true Pacific sweetness, and, by the day, the ooean a dark blue -rolling breast of water, feathering on every round of swell in sea flashes,- out of whioh would sparkle the flying fish to sail down the*- bright mild ' wind for a space, then vanish in some brow of brine with the flight of a silver' arrow. This night the moon was dark, the weather somewhat thick, the stars pale over the trucks, and hidden in the obscurity a little way down the duBky slope of firmament. Windsails were wriggling fore and aft like bnge white snakes, gaping for the tops and writhing oat of the hatches. The flush of sunset was dying when I came on deck. I saw the captain slowly pacing the1 weather side of the poop with Miss Le Grand. He seamed earnest in hia talk and gestures. Enough western light utill lived to enable me to see faces, and I ob served that Mrs. Burney, standing to leeward of a skylight, talking with a gentleman, would glanoe at the couple with a satirical smile whenever they came abreast of her. But soon the night came down in darkness upon the deep; tbe wind blew damp out of the dusk in a long moan pver the rail, heeling the ship yet by a couple of degrees ; the cap tain sang out for itie fore and mizzen-royals to be clewed up and' furled, 'and shortly after wards went below, first handing -Miss Le Grand down the companion-way. I guessed the game was up with the - worthy man. He 'had met his fate and taken to it with the meekness of -a sheep. He might do worse, I thought, as I started^ on, a solitary stroll, eo far as looks are concerned ; but what of her nature — her character? It was puzzling to think of what sort of spirit it was that looked out of her wonderful eyes; and she was not a kind of a girl that a man would care to leave ashore; so much 'beauty foil of a, subtle endevil ment of eome sort as it seemed, to me, must needs demand the constant sentinelling of a husband's presence. 'That was how it, etrncknie. ' By eleven o'clock all was hushed throughout tbe skip ; lights out, the captain turned in, nothing stirring forward save the flitting shape of the look-out under the yawn of the pale square of f ore-oourse. It was blowing a pleasant breeze of wind, and lost in thought I leaned over the rail at the weather fore-end of the poop watching the cold sea-glow shining in the dark water as the foam spat) past, sheet ing away astern in a furrow like moonlight. I (will swear I did not doze; that I never was guilty of whilst on dnty in all the years I was at sea ; but I don't doubt that X was sunk deep in thought, insomuch (bat my reverie may have possessed a temporary power of abstrac tion aa GomDlete as slumber itself. I was startled into violent wakefulness by a cannonade of canvas aloft, and found the ship in the wind. I looked aft ; the wheel was deserted— at least I believed so, till on rushing to it, meanwhile shouting to the watch ou deck, I spied the figure of the helmsman on his face, dose beside the binnacle. I thought he was dead. The watoh in answer to my Bhouts came tumbling to the braces, and in a few minutes the captain made his appearance. The ship was got to her course afresh, by which time the man who had been steering was so far recovered as to be able to sit on the grating abaft the wheel and relate what had happened. He was a Dane, and spoke with a strong foreign accent, beyond my art to reproduce. He said be had been looking away to leeward, believing he eava light out upon the horizon, when, an turning his head he beheld a ghost at his side. 'A what?' said the captain. 'A ghoBt, sir, so. help: me—' and here the little Dane indulged in some very violent lan guage, all designed to convince us that he spoke the truth. ? . . *' What was it like?' asked the captain. 'It was dressed in white, and stood looking at me. I tried to run and could not, but fell, and maybe 'fainted.' 'The durned idiot slept,' said the captain to me, 'and dreamt and dropped down on his nut.' ' , , ,. ' Had I dropped on my nut I should not have woke up then?' cried the Dane in a passion of candor. 'Go forward and turn in,' said the captain. ' The doctor shall see you and report to me.' When the man was gone the captain asked me if I had eeen anything likely to produce the impression, of a ghost on an ignorant credulous man's mind? I answered no, wondering that he' should ask such a question. 'How long was the man in a lit, d'ye think?' eaid he, *' that is before you found out that the wheel was deserted?' ' Three or four minutes.' He looked into the binnacle, took a turn about the decks, and without saying anything more about the ghost, went below. _ The doctor next' day reported that the Dane was perfectly well and of sound mind, and that he stuck with many impreeatione to his story. He described the ghost as a figure in white that looked at him with sparkling eyes, and yet blindly. He was unable to describe the features. Fright, no dbubt, stood in the way of perception. He could not imagine where the thing- had oome .from. . He was, as he had said, gazing at what looked like a spark or star to leeward, wtien turning his head he {j^nn*3 fcli£& ohana r-lftaA HoeiHn flim. The captain and the doctor talked the thing over in my presence, and we decided to con-: Bider it a delusion on the part of the Dane, a phantom -of his imagination, mainly because the man Bwooned after -he saw the .thing, letting go the wheel so that the ship came up into the wind, and it was impossible to con ceive that a substantial object could have vanished in the time that elapsed between the man falling down and the flap of sails which bad called my attention to the abandoned helm. However, nothing was said about the matter aft. The sailors adopted the doctor's opinion, eome viewing the thing as a 'Dutchman's' dodge to get a 'night in.' A few days later brought us into cold weather; this was followed by the ice and conflicts of the Horn. We drove too far south, and for a week every afternoon we hove-to under a close-reefed maintopsail for fear of the ice throughout the long hours of Antarctic blackness. We were in no temper to think of ghosts, and yet though no one had deliveied the news authoritatively, it had oome by this wild bleak time to be known that Captain Griffiths and Miss Le Grand were engaged, Mrs. Burney told me so one day in the cuddy, and with a wicked flash of her dark eye3 wondered that people could think of making love with icebergs close at hand. It was no business of mine, and seemingly I gave the matter no heed, though I could tind leisure and curiosity sometimes for an askant glance at the captain and his beauty when they were at table or when the -weather per mitted the lady to come on deok ; and their behavior left me in very usue aouou tnas ne was deeply in love with her, but whether she was equally enamored of him I could not guess. We beat clear of the latitude of roaring gales blind with snow and mountainous ice islands like cities of alabaster in rains, and seas ridging in thunder and. foam to the height of our mizzentop, and heading north blew under wide wings of studding sails towards the sun, every day sinking some southern stars out of sight, and every night lifting above the sea line some gem of the heavens dear to the northern eyes. . . I went below at eight bells on a Friday morning when we were two months 'out' from Sydney, as I very well remember. The ship had then caught the first of the south-east trade wind. AH was well when I left the deck. £ was awakened by a hand violently shaking my shoulder. I sprang np and found Robson, the second mate, standing beside my bunk. He was pale as the ghost the Dane had de scribed. '-? v ? 'There's been ihnrder done,: sir;' he cried. 'The .captain's killed.' I stared at him like a fool, and echoed mechanically and dully, 'Murder done! Captain killed !' Then collecting my wits I tumbled into my clothes and rushed to the captain's cabin, where I found the doctor and the third mate examining poor Griffiths's body. It Was half -past six o'clock hi the.morning and' the daylight strong, but none of thepasBengers were 'mbvinjr. The captain had been stabbed to the. heart). The doctor said he had been killed by a .single thrust. The -body was clothed in white drill trousers and a white linen shirt, which was slightly stained with blood where the knife had pierced it. 7V1- -. ? ^Who had done this thing ? It was' horrible, unprovoked murder ! Throughout' the ship the captain had been the most popular man on board. The forecastle liking for him was as strong as sentiment of any sort can find ex pression in that part of a vessel. There had never been' a murmur. Indeed, : I' had never, sailed with a better crew. ' Not a man had de serted . us at ' Sydney, and of the hands - on board at least half had Bailed with' the captain before. r ' '?-'.-- :? We carefully searched the cabin, but there w£s nothing whatever to tell us that robbery had been committed. However, a ghastly [shocking murder had ?': been perpetrated ; the man on whose skill and judgment had de pended the safety of the ship and the many lives within her bad been foully done to death in his sleep by eome mysterious hand, and we determined at once upon a course. Fire! I sent for some ' or ' the. best and -most trustworthy peameu amongst the crew, and bringing them into the captain's cabin showed them the body. I then, in my capacity as commander of the vessel, authorised them to act' as a sort of -detectives or policemen, anij to search every part of the ship and all' 'the berths in %he steerage and tween decks for any cine to the doer of the deed. It was arranged that the cabins of the first olass passengers should be thoroughly over hauled by the second and third mates. All this brought as to the hoar when the passengers arose and the ship was presently alive. The news swept from lip to lip magically; in all parts of the ship I saw men and women talking, with their f aoes pale with consternation and horror. I had not the courage to break the news to Miss Le Grand and asked the doctor, a quiet gentlemanly man, to speak to faer. I was oh the poop look? ing after the ship when the doctor came from the young lady's berth. 'How did she receive the news?' said L 'I wish it may not break her heart,' said he, gravely. 'She- was turned into stone. Her stare of grief was dreadful — not the greatest actress could imagine -such a look. There'll be no comforting her this side of Eneland.' - ' ' Doctor, could he have done it himself ?' 'Oh, heaven, no, sir!' and he explained, by recalling the posture of /bhe body and the situation of the hands, not to mention the absence of tbe weapon, wny it was loipossiDle the oaptain should have killed himself. I don't know how it came about ; bat whilst I paced the deok waiting for the reports of the mates and the seamen and the passengers who were helping me in the search, it entered my head to mix up with this murder the spectre, or ghost, that had frightened the Dane at the wheel into a fit, along with the memory of a sort of quarrel which I guessed had happened between Cap tain Griffiths and Miss Le Grand. It was -a mere muddle of fancies at best, and yet they took a hold of my imagination. I think it was about a week before this murder that I had observed the coolness of wbat you might call a lovers' quarrel betwixt the -captain and his young lady, and, without taking any further notice of it, I quietly set the cause down to Mrs. Burney; who, as a thorough- paced flirt, with fine languishing ' black eyes and a saucy tongue, had Often done her best to engage the skipper in one of those little aaides which are as brimstone' and the undying worm to the jealous of either sex. ' The lovers had made it up soon after, and for two or three days pre viously had' been as thick and lover-like as sweethearts 'dught to be. But what, had the ghost that had affrighted the Dane tardo' with this murder? And how were Mrs. Barney's blandishments and the short-lived quarrel betwixt the lovers to be as sociated witji -it? Nevertheless these 'matters ran in my htead as I walked the deck on the morniog of 'mat crime, and I thought and thought, scarce knowing, however, in what direction imagination was heading. The two inates, the seamen, and the pas sengers arrived with their reports. ' They had nothing to M$L The steward and stewardess had searched; with the two mates in the saloon or cuddy. JE}rery cabin had been ransacked, with the 'Williag oo'naent of its occupants. The forecastle aha 'tweendecks, and steerage- and lazarette had teen minutely overhauled. Every accessible e»rt:6f the bowels of the ship had been visited -x- no purpose. No stowaway of any sort, no rag of evidence or weapon to supply a due was discovered. That afternoon we buried' the body and I took command of the ship. I saw nothing of Miss Le Grand for two. days. She kept her cabin and was seen only by the stewardess, who waited upon her. At the expiration . of that time I received a message, arid went at once to her berth. I never couiu uavu ugurea eu striiuiig a uuango in a fine woman full of beauty in so short a time as I now beheld. The fire bad died out of her eyes, and still there lurked something weird in the- very spiritlessness and dull and vacant sadness of her gaze. Her cheeks were hollow. Under. -each eye rested' a shadow as though'it'was cast by a'green leaf. Her first' words were, ' Cannot you find out who did it?1' ' No, madam. We have tried hard ; harder for the captain's sake than bad he been another, for the responsibility that rests upon the master of an ocean-going vessel makes him an object of mighty significance, believe me, to us sailors.' ' But the person who killed him must be in the ship,' she cried, in a voice that wanted much of its old clear music 'One should suppose so; and he is un doubtedly on board the ship; but we can't find him.' ' Did he commit suicide ? ' 'No.' ' What motivel'sheexclaimed, witha sudden burst of desperate passionate grief that wrong her like a fit from head to foot, ' could any one have for killing Captain Griffiths? He was the gentlest, the kindest — oh, my heart, my heart!' and, hiding her face, she rooked Tinmplf in linr miflRPT. I tried my rough, seafaring beet to soothe her. Certainly, until this moment I never could have supposed her love for the poor man was so great. _ The fear bred of this mysterious assassina tion lay in a dark and heavy shadow upon the ship. None of us, passengers or sailors, turned in of a night but with a fear of the secret bloody hand that had slain the oaptain making its presence tragically known once more before the morning. It happened one midnight when we were something north of the equator; in the oalms and stinging beat of the inter-tropic lati tudes, that, having oome on deck to relieve the second mate and take charge of the ship till 4 o'clock, I felt thirsty, and returned to the cuddy for a drink of water. Of the three lamps' only one was alight,' and burnt very dimly. There was no moonlight, but plenty of starshine, which showered in a very rippling of Bpangled silver through the yawning casements of the skylights. ? Just as 1 returned the tumbler to the rack whence I had removed it the door of Miss Le Grand's cabin was opened and the girl stepped forth. She was arrayed in white; probably she was attired in her bedclothes. She seemed to see me at once, for she emerged directly opposite, and I thought she would speak or hastily retire. But after appearing to stare for a little while she came to the table, and leaned upon it with her left band, sighed several times m a most heart- broken manner ; and now I saw by the help of the dim lamp light that her right hand grasped ft knife— the gleam of the blade caught my eye in a breath !- 'Good gracious!' I cried to myself, in stantly, ' the woman's asleep ! This, then, is; the ghost that frightened the Dane. And this,' too, was the hand ' that murdered the captain !' ? J. stood motionless watching her. Presently, taking her hand off the table, she turned her face aft, and with a wonderfully subtle, stealthy gait, she made for the captain's cabin. ' - Now, that cabin ever since Griffi ths's death I bad occupied, and you may guess the sensa tions with which I followed the armed and murderous sleep-walker as she glided to ? what I must call my berth, and noiselessly opened the door of it. The momeno ene was in tne oamn ner motions grew amazingly swift. She stepped to the side of ithe bunk- 1 was in the habit of using, and lift ing the knife plunged it once, deep and hard — then came away so nimbly that it was with difficulty I made room for her in the doorway to pass. I heard her breathe hard and fast as she swept by, and I stood in the doorway of my cabiif : Watching her till her figure disap peared inter own berth. . ? ' So, then, the mystery was at an end. Poor Captain Griffiths's murderess was his adored sweetheart: ' She had killed .-him in her sleep and knew it not.- In the blindness of slumber she had repeated the enormous tragedy, as sin less nevertheless as the angels- who looked down and beheld her and pitied her. I went on deok and sent for the doctor, to whom I communicated what I had seen, and he at once repaired to Miss Le Grand's berth annmTinftnipji \\\v tiha flfiatvarHpaa unti fnnnri Iiaf peacefully resting in her bunk. No knife was to be seen. However, next morning, the young lady being then on deck, veiled as. she always now went, and sitting in a retired part of the poop, the second mate, the doctor, and the stewardess again thoroughly searched Miss Le Grand's berth, and they found in a hollow in the ship's side, a sort of scupper in fact for the port-hole, a carving knife, rusted with old stains of blood. It had belonged to the ship, n.nr1 ih waq a. iraifA filiA afiaarn.i-H ? haA miaanrf nn the day tbe captain was killed. Since the whole ghastly tragedy was a matter of somnambulism, all points of it were easily fitted by the doctor, who quiokly under stood that the knife had been taken by the poor girl in her sleep just as it had been murderously - used. What horrible demon governed -her in her slumber who shall tell? For my part I put it down to Mrs. Burney and a secret fever of jealousy whioh had operated in the poor soul when sense was suspended in her by slumber. We tried to keep the thing secret taking care to lock Miss Le Grand up every night without explaining our motive; but the ^/(igoBu^Din gvu vriwu ui vuw v&uuu; s*uv ou^uun from her with horror. It came, in fact, to their waiting upon me in a body and in sisting upon my immuring her in the steerage jn company .with one of the 'tween deok'a passengers, a female who had offered her services as. a nurse for hire. This action led to the poor girl herself finding out what had happened. God knows who. told her or how Bhe managed to discover it ; but 'tis certain she gob to learn it was her hand that in sleep had killed her lover, and she went mad on the selfsame day of her understanding what she had done. Nor did she ever recover her mind. She was landed mad and sent at ones to an asylum, where she died, God rest her poor soul ! exactly a year after the murder, passing away, in fact, at the very hour the deed was done, as I afterwards heard. 