A G OSTOF THE PAST, ? Sir obert Lieburn and his wife wereo not p? icularly silly, as newly married couples o. For one thing, Sir Robert was th ty something; and when you are thidy something, gravity come. t But he as very much in love with his young fe, lie handled her out of the family imibus carefully, and the very prettiest ankle and the tiniest shoe peeped o t for a moment as she stepped down be, ro one of the big hotels on t Trafalga square. c As sh tripped up the broad, carpeted siairs to or room, there was a look of t great ha iness in her eyes. "And a my dear girl quite happy ? " said Sir obert. Youn Lady Lisburn (she was tall and plea nt looking) turned to him affectiona~ly. ' Your oar girl," she said, "has bad her worriein her life. She had one big worry." "How " Lady Leburn widened her arms to give an idctof the sire. " But it's ll over now, and I am very happy, Rob t." "Perhap ' said he, "perhaps the dear girl wil ell me all about it some day." " She mr- sme day," said the young bride, ,shing. " Just now she is so contentd that she doesn't want oven to think bout it," The next lorning they went off to the Engadin? It was two months later when tl' returned, trunks and portmanteaus lastered all over with square and circear labels--Hotel Belle vue, and Hoteleanu Rivage, and a lot ot others. B Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked cry jolly and well. There were }ters waiting for Lady Lisburn. She bad them in her bed room. As she aw the writing on one of the envolopes,ýhe grew red and then 1 very white. Sh eorused the letter again and again, with 1nds trembling and a face that locked ito the mirror with a frightened look. 1Then she turned off the eleotric light rid sank on her knees and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove out a&good; deal, visiting; but young Lady Liburn looked ill and oua of sorts, and sarcely erpoke to her husband. He seeied to he repelled by her coldness. Onc or twice she tried to rouse herself ; bit the look of worry quickly came back, and her husband, placid and even as he was, could not help feeling disturbe . One evening, in t1? latter part of the week, Lady Lisburn was sitting at the open window of th4r room, her face resting on her hand looking out into the square and seoinginotbing, A page entered with a foreign mes sage. She opened it, reid the type- 1 written words, and crojnpld quickly the sheet in her hand as, SirRobert caone in. "I want to say somethng to you, Robert," she said in a ehak3 voice. He came over to her. "I want to go away frog you for a few weeks." "A few weeks ?" he repesd blankly. "A few weeks. Unless u want me to be a miserable woman altn life, you must let me do this, Let e go ; and when I come back I shall quite jolly, and I shall love you more an ever, and we-" "My dear," said Sir Robert, "you are perfectly unreasonab ! You are not yourself--" "Unfortunately I Im,' nterposed the young wife, sadly. " Or you wouldn'tlreae of proposing such a preposterous ;hing. Now, love, just you go to bed eanly to-night and have a good rest, ?ed you will be all right in the morning" '"If you don't la me go, Robert, I shall never be able to rest again. I shall be nothing buta curse to you and a misery to myself fir all my life. Do let me go." "My dear love,' said Sir Robert, rising with a very decided air, "if you absolutely refuse to tell me the motive for your disappearsuce, I absolutely re fuse to let you go.' "Then I-thee I must go without your permission." She said this wthont defiance and in the humblest way Sir Robert wen downstairs and stood at the hotel dolr for a few minutes, smoking his cigai rather quickly. Then he turned and vent to the telephone room and lookedin the book and rang up. Lady Lislurn, white and set of face, returned toher room and prepared for her journey. It was a surprise to Sir Robert to find in the hall, not ten minutes later, the man for whom La had telephoned. He was a burly, esoarlet-faced man, and he gave his card Yo Sir Robert with an awkward, fat biw. "Tuo.ias BEaSTEn, Fayro, Sweevei and Company, Inquiry Agents." "Come into this room,- Mr-Mr Bester." Mr Bester viped his boots with par ticular care." "You'd likeo something to drink, perhaps ?" Mr Bester pulled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and said that he didn't know as a drop of whisky would do him asy particular harm. At any rate, he said (he said this with the air of a man prepared for any experiment in the interests of science) he'd try. Sir Robert ordered a large whisky, and gave instructions that he was to be told when Lady Lisburn left the hotel. "We need not hurry until that hap pens," said Sir Robert. He explained to Mr Bester what was required. There was to be no fuss, insisted Sir Robert, and no interference. All that Besater had to do was to follow Lady Lisburn, and if she was in any danger to wire Sir Robert at once, and himself take such stops as he might think wore necessary. "That's the way," said Mr Bester, with approbation ; "take things calmly. Much better in the long run. I ought to know. I've been at it in the Yard and out of the Yard thirty year come next Febu'ary" "I suppose you have had some interesting easoe to deal with," remarked Sir Robert, politely. Mr Bester stood up and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment, ant then sat down again heavily. "The most interesting," he said, "are them that nobody don't deal with." Mr Becter took another sip from his tumbler and essaeod to rest one knee on the other, but found the position for a gentleman of his rotundity uncomfortabhlo, and relinquished the endeavor. " Look here, Sir Robert," sail Mr Beaster, "here's a ease in point. Just what you may call a little incident. This,"taki?g a was mstch from the box this is Mr Bert(, l Uenborough . and thil?' taking a eotusnd tikiq'" i, upright, "this 19il?u.iAias Whatsoer. name. Really, I forig,?tho name. -w. ever, that don't ?ottJ ' i The door open O upp, ut neith.. of the men noticed it, 4 e Io "'Very wellt then, :o?- Ocar r): Mr U Borto Elllo!ýoro ? g (that's ,hi! one) knows Miss Whhbjnername (tlst's r this one) ; and sb? lOvzhlm and Frites him warm, raptnroas -tters -litters that she would be ,~bae d now to fnd, or for anybody olsetohr1G Still, amood girl, mind you. at lIle Jo comes jpp to town, forgets her, goes t tho bad, flips himself oft to Amrliei nd gets Wrse and worse, lie k0 hard up,tand what does he do, tahe blut blackpnal Miss Whatshornarie" "MHean rascall" claimed Sir Robert, heartily. " Blackmails her appens go out to trace a cbal, ant I meet Mr Bertie in a bar, and b teljS me all rut "Oaght to be hange~ " remRed Sir Robert. "But that isn't the. rt, I ellsI him for a lark that It abft of a scamp myself, and brags a bit; ed thew Mr Bertie goes one better,s ar ssures me that he burned tho~s letar long ago, and he was only pretendin[on'd still got them, That beats u0Yth1, don't it f There a scamp. for yo'' Making a regular income out of it, tI " Girl married, I 0oodd, , So I underatand," ai .r Beater. " Poor girl!" said s Robert; "wonder who her husband? r' "Sir Robert !" said a . They bad not turned oat light, andn the room was growing dark " My love '? " he said, "They told me you wia 8o see me," said Lady Lisburn; "and, dear, I'm -I'm not going. I col not have known what I was talking about just now." " My dear heart I" ex climed Sir Robert, delightedly. "Tell Sae what it was that was worrying yon?'t " Why, absolutely nothinge answered his wife, decidedly; "theoi was n: excuse for it." They took each other's hamis. " Shall I look in again, 8irthoert ? said Mr Bestor, respectfully, He had been standing aside, and pietonding. with excallent saavoir ,faire, t look out of the window, " Oh, I beg pardon, ]Bster !1" said Sir Robert, " No, you needn't look in again. I'll send your people a cheque for your trouble. 