?I — ---^-— — — — — — OUR NOVELIST, . A STRANGE EETRIBUTION. V. .? ? ? ? : ? *_ ? . . (All Bights Reserved) 'CHAPTER XXXIV. LTKE A STiKlTTH-irOrXl). One sunny morning the White Cloud, laden with a full complement of passengers, tripped her anchor, and bade a short, farewell to old England; but little of the passengers did anyone see for days, save the beautiful foreign tain-Manners/and but for that -was quite -alone, and the oldest ' salt' on board was notmovo free from sea sick ness' than1 this girl. About her there was, as the captain bad -foreseen, a great deal of curiosity, and,, on the ladies' part,some shyness, though she mixed with them little: but ,rwith the graceful ease of one ( accustomed to society, and that the graceful freedom of foreign society .- but on the whole she held aloof, and was absolutely reticent about herself in every way. The younger men on board would fain have passed all the time with- so beautiful and fascinating ii companion, but save when business made it a disagreeable necessity, Marie Cadelle was a stranger to coque try anil flirting, and the most censor ions of the ladies could not charge her with the ghost of either, which fact hardly ,tlie ladies thought agreed with their prevailing opinion that she Avas a French actress going out on some engagement. ..However, at last one lady, goaded by the defeat which ? every side attack had met with, laid lance in rest boldly n gainst Cap tain Jack Manners shortly after they had run fairly out in to the long, heavy swell of the atlantic. 'That handsome foreign charge of yours, captain, may bear a French name, but I'm sure she's an Italian; What on earth is she ?' she added, laughingly. ' Is she an actress or singer? She seems well off, seems to ' have travelled so much for one so young, and yet going out to New York alone! Odd that her parents or friends should send her so ? ' The skipper's blue eyes twinkled, as he said — ' Is it, my dear Mrs. Grenfell ? Who sent her or for what is her own affair, of course ; but she's no adventnress or ' shy' foreigner, for I can tell you — and she would say as much herself — that. she is one of the diplomatic corps of a certain influential foreign Government. ' 'Really! You don't say so. How very extraordinary!' exclaimed the lady, all in 'caps,' and staring at the police agent's graceful form in the distance as if she were some new and -curious specimen of the genus homo, .and then she hastily betook herself to the saloon to reneat her rlisnnviW while Captain Jack Manners, took * himself off to his young favourite to tell her the .joke, or while he . was ignorant of the truth, .he new that what she had told him to say was a put off, though how wide of the mark he knew not. 'Ah,'vshe said, laughing softly, ' there is nothing like a magnifying glass sometimes — metaphorically.' ' Pulling a long bow,' said Cap tain Manners, giving the horizon a sweep round with his glass. ' Some folks call it Ayicked.' 'I do not,' answered the agent, coolly. 'Do you?' ''No, my dear ; especially' said the sailor, gallantly, 'when it comes from a pretty woman. By the way, talking of yourself, child, have you though what to do when we land ? They won't take you at an ' hotel alone.' 'I know!' She shrugged her shoulders, 'A most absurd rule; and boarding house rules and prying curiosity would never suit my move' ments. I must get a private lodging, as the hotels are barred.' ' ' Not barred,' said the captain, after a moment's hesitation, ' if you do hot mind going with me, my dear. You' can be my ward, as, indeed, I consider you out and home.' -'*' Home !' there was none for her. t. tt ? i ? i i - xxow Kinci, now good you are, she said, with tears in her dark eyes ; but how can I so trespass on you, and you do not even know what I am.' ' It is nothing to me, child. You area 3-oung thing and friendless — that's enough for Jack Manners. So, whatever Mrs, Grundy may think, we'll consider that matter settled.' , Nor would he listen to any remons trance. ' A few more days and the White Cloud dropped her anchor off New York. ; Captain Manners could not leave the ship till near evening, so, pro mising to return to him there, Marie Cadelle went ashore at once, and drove to the French Consulate, to see if- by any lucky chance there was any answer to her advertisements. No, noiie, neither personally or by letter, but this in no way daunted the agent. ^ She had expected nothing, and could do nothing alone, save to' adver- tise in every- paper, great and small, and by handbills posted near the quays. All this she did, and then could only wait — that hardest thing of all to an active brain. Not that the time hung heavily, for a girl like Marie found plenty to see and do amongst people and in a great city to which she was quite new. And in the evenings Captain Man ners was with her. ; ? So the time passed till Avithina few days of that on which the White Cloud was to sail. -Marie Cadelle had turned into a i-uj'j, iuiu.- wuaaiiiu luuiving ciown trie close columns of the j\ ew York Herald, her ears rather amused by the cross tongues around her, when she caught a few words from a table behind her n .uttered in the true American nasal drawl. ' Yes. Odd advertisement. See it this morning. We only docked last night. Guess I can tell — ' The Babel of tongues lost her the rest, but her heart beat fast for a moment, as she turned to look at the speaker— a man near fifty, certainly, and seafaring, too, by his dress and weather-beaten appearnce. Marie quietly stepped across, and touched the man on the shoulder, scarcely able to repress a smile at; his start and* stare of surprise. ' Pardon me gentlemen, for the interruption. Monsieur, a word with you, please.' Under all the courtesy there was a, jniet aiithoritrjthat seemed rather to 'ommand than to] entreat,'' but there was little likelihood of her encounter ing a refusal from an American, though the light imperative touch on his shoulder was rather like the old and too famous ' By order of the King.' ' A lady's command is law,' said he rising at once. Pausing beside her own table, the agent pointed to the advertisement in the New York Eerald. ' I heard you allude to that,' she said; ' if you. know anything in reference to it, I can save you any trouble either about giving information or getting the rewai'd offered, I am the adver tiser.' ' You are ! Wai, that's lucky,' said the man ; ' but it's not much I can tell. Only that just at that date, and in that latitude,' touching the paper, ' the John' Tucker, bound for Liverpool to New York city, of which I was mate, picked up a young lady, holding on to a big hencoop which floated her. Poor thing, she was nearly gone, for it turned . out that she had been twenty -four hours in the sea. She'd been washed over board in a gale, and someone hove over the coop, but it struck her and stunned her a bit ; so that, ye see, she sank and riz like a dead body. The coop hobbled up against her, and she clung on, and somehow .twisted her skirt in it, and so she floated till by good luck we found her, saved by a miracle, I say. She'd ha' been dead in a few more hours.' ' She ,was alive, ' then ?' said the Parisienne, and the slight table shook under the hand she rested on it. 'Not drowned?' -? ' Not then, madam, whatever may be since. We landed her here as alive as you are.' . ' What- was her name, and the snip irom wmen sue naci iauen r ' Can't say, ma'am ! Mind you, I think there 'was something altogether ugly about her' for she wouldn't tell Tier .name for one thing — not one - about herself. ' She'd no body that cared,' she said ; but I heard her mutter that ' Fortune had favoured her so far.' . , ?' Ha! Are you sure of that ?' said Marie, with an absolute flash in her eyes. . ; ? 'Positive. Sure.' ' And you know nothing more of her, friend?' ? '? ' Not' one thing after she walked off the John Tucker's gangway on to the quay. She may be living still, or dead, but she was not drowned in the Atlantic.' Marie drew a long deep breath, and then she said — ? ; 'Thank you very much. You have given me the very information which I came thousands of miles to obtain. Accept a trifling acknow ledgment of my obligation, monsi eur.' Shaking hands with him, she left a good. English five-pound note in his lean brown palm, and with a 'courte- ous bow, she left the cafe. But that evening she only told Captain Jack that she had got all she had eome out for, and that she was going back with him. ' I'm more glad than I can say,' said the skipper1. ' I don't think my dear that Icoidd'have sailed and left you behind.' And three days from that the White Cloud spread her white sails to a fair breeze, and sailed away home ward bound. '???????'?..' Une. beautiful, moonlight night Marie Cadelle stood alone, leaning over the,taffrail, the large dark eyes dreamily watching the vast, grand expanse of seething waters, with its every dancing, white crested wave silvered in the moonlight, but the young heart was aching heavily, for her thoughts were far far away — with the one being never absent from them, aching with a pain that never left it now, but yet filled with a passionate joy that she was going back to him. She heard vaguely the wind aloft, singing in the rigging, and the steady ceaseless footfall of the officer of the watch as he paced to and fro on the weather side of the poop; she heard bis voice now and then give a word to the man at the wheel, and sometimes a laugh or ring of voices from the fche saloon, but she was far away from the. vessel's deck— so far that she started even violently at a hand on her shoulder, and a deep, cheery voice at her side — ; ? ' What, dreaming, pretty one ? A penny for your thoughts.' '???-. : She had to pause a moment -before she could answer without a quiver in her voice. . ' Dreams and moonlight are the orthodox things, I believe, are thev not ?' ' Nay, you^ should know best, sweet sixteen, in the heyday of youth, on the threshold of life.' She interrupted him with a quiet sorrowful bitterness, all the more intense and painful from its. uncon sciousness. 'I never had childhood, or youth or home. I never stood and never can stand on the ' threshold of life, because I was flung into life in almost infancy ; my youth — it never existed.' The skipper turned sharply on his heel and took full three turns before he could recover himself. The third time the low, rich voice called him to her side. ?' Do, you know,' she said, quietly, '? What brought me out to America Y' ' No' my dear, certainly not !' ' Do you remember your yarn about the strange passenger in the Melusine?' ' Yes,' said the captain, startled, ' and it's just about here, too, ? that Fenella Fabian was drowned.' ' Captain Manners, Fenella Fabian was not drowned !' ' The devil she wasn't ! ' exclaim ed the skipper, starting back. ' I beg your pardon ; but really impos sible. My own eyes saw her drown ed.' - (To be continued.) 