i the mystery S#l>." o it the tower. ®$i ' - i|rl3 A Tale or Thxulumo Ihtbbkst, pr HKliBN OOBWIN PIBBOE, OHAPXBB XXViU. (Oontzhuedi, Tho old gardener was away about ten- 4- mlahtes It Boomod mach longer to those Hp who were watting, gigfe He came tack with a very strange whtto mm fcoo and wild eyes. Ho was trembling vio WeLt iaiiiIt. like a man with palsy. |ag| fllby 1 went hp to him. bho took hold of ISIe h!m with convofdvo hands. pap « Has anything happened to Pmdcnco ill Garr?" she demanded. jf|| " No, no— nothing, I swear to yon 1" ho jjrsSfc; answered. g|| Bot be looked dazed, frightened, ho stared hre at her in a helpless, bowildared kind of way gSra that was both pouling and alarming. jjEjag « What la tho matter with yon, man ?' the |E& housekeeper exclaimed. 14 Yon look as if yon gg&i; bad seen ft ghost." 44 Well, majbo I have. Got your kejrs, Mrs ||3|| Toiflt, and oome away with me. I've some . 9n|g! thing to say to yon." |||g$ Sibyl's hand was still on his arm, her' anxious eyes on his face. i 41 Hiss Garr has gone," ho said to her,1 liliife 4 You know tho old man wouldn't .lio to llilif /ai - i sagapa , oiaji aqu uses. , ono yioiam lao soys jggjSsg mccbanica ly to Mrs TurfiH greedy and im- gjjjs mutant dutch. tita was not thinking of her, g|g pat watching that old man's face with a EEreS thrilled and desperate y.throbbing heart. . pig -What was tho story il told t what had ho ||| seen— what ghost! |1 What was tho meaning of that eager, gag pitying, wondering, doubting, startled look l&Bi; m hir eyes as he gated at her ? gjgg Wbysbohld If make her think of Kenrlck, g£g wfcdm'this oM nan had loved so well? Mw She fell on her knees wboa they bad all sfsjj gone oat sobbing wildly : gga» ' My darting— my darling— my darling I" |P|l "Now/then, what la It?1' Mrs Turflt do mended of James Recto, oa they were going along one of tho oorri'iors, after looking the tower doors on poor Sibyl. She had sent ail the rest of thorn onto ||$£f their beds, and sbo and the gardinor had fplpi gone Into the dinlogroom. . 44 It is Jost this, Mrs Toxfit— I have seen tho ghost of Mr Prince! 1 wasn't asleep. ||||gj and 1 didn't isagino It. I saw it as plain as pj<||3 1 seo yon now." flg||| - 41 Too ghost of ft livo man? What are yoa talking abont!" ??&L;? "I don't care," James said, stoutly, 44 1 was coming into the hoosot after Dotting \f., 4 Garr m the carriage, and it stood - right 4i 1 there by the big snowball bnsb. - It is moon \- 1 Ught, yoa know; and tho moon shone foil on bis face. Wait now, and let mo tell yon. 1 ' iS thought it was Mr' Princo himself, though- i his face was a deal whiter and thinncrliko ? than' his waa when hoiantercamiag'odtof r "2 «Jon towcr room. Ho looked so atrango I I sVlwai jost'going to speak' to him, when Mr Mjjjy&ffrinco;'iown window, which opons that way, £ Sjpg/on know, was lifted, and he called to me £< I to know what was going on 'down there. '« Thought bo board a carriage, ho said. I was that scared I could hardly speak, bat I tol- . '1 "y Wa» Hits Garr had jast gono away In a car- ; . rtao to catch tho train at Hampton, and be awore at me horribly, and slammed tho win- 1||$|| dow down, and when I looked back for tho IPMr? ghort It was- gono." 44 Gonaf M His Taifit laughed contemptaoosly /HWeU, 1'to heard of old pooplo getting Mthelr second sight, bat I guess yoa have got Tonr first and second all at once," she said, v Yoa see doable first-rate. James. If that is Svall, yoa can go to bed, ooa I'll take core of SfeSKtho ghosts ' Good night I" af»lftj& S&) sent him oil, and stood a moment a tMoadering, wondoring It sbo should go and m -'iV1 're honker to sir Princo. it I" ebe mattered. " Ho Is in tabditimirto have them.' I wilt keep them 111 morning .'anyway, and now that Luey p??cnaer has-gone, homoy want me "to keep V-n vl She £Mt that she would liko that. Then m. went to hor own rooms, whioh were on a Slwer fioor. and consisted of a handsome sirkr and Dedroom, Ab she entered tho first, she laughed pornfoliy,, - 41 Ghost, indeed i" sbo exolaimod, and then ood.fltill..--", Something had moved near hor. Aenrioao, itt$rcopy feeling went over her. Sbo sprang quickly and lurncd up the ga«, Acr heart in her throat. The next moment Bhe barely stifled a Mieream, \ . "it is only I— Kenriok Princo, Don't yon lgiknow me, Mrs Torflt?" said a voice that g.wont through her like a oarreut of- elcotrt- |hv:VTClty— -why.sho dld notpansa to think. ' " Mr rrincof" sho stammered, ail her f11 s whirl, staring at him with won- < .'aerihgy trigbtoned ioyes. . ®M Whafc had - ho dono to hinisolf since aho I l jeaw' him: euoh'a short time bofore in ihat fteHowor- roonx ? . .Why, if he bod not coiled' hie name,, sho would hardly have known t4p,Vjiim. ho was so white, so wild-looking. .U A>Vr:L The thought did flash overftor tbat por- \i ".-iiaps ho had bwq tho ghost, ox wbatevcr.it MJfc ?>' that bad scored Uecse. Hover was a altered boforo in so short a time, fwi - i' yon know me?" ho ssdd again, in "if t I IhfL despairing accents. "Yoa1 don't lj| r whtfyoudld,'7 honsekvepor stood in an ntter stupc- g h '> i:';.i»:m'0f bowildorment, I I . i. '.>.,Vafldt'beoause bo haa been drinking that ' I wteA.hlm-io look so dreadfully; so changed ? ft , Ui > — you look so strangol" she stam- ylf again. Are yoa ill? What has hap- ; yMsaltoyonr " You would not boliovo me if I told yon," said. 441 havo been in hell, Turflt— I b-:$w?:Ave, truly." . 7 ) Pko bo went toward her. His 'l r- n'tl40 tcath woro olohohed. Ho looked won aatc< tbjato ashadow. S'Mrfe mo-holp me 1" ho muttered, lifting v-riy nnguished, horror-flllod eyes to her face ' thrt itho hontekctper extended her bonds, /priireo r don't take on so, Mr -0 v; olwogcstcqr, and dropping his poor, ghastly face upon them, bunt Into : CHAPTEa _ XXIX. .:;vii>:vA-.".':V'" POBaoTrzH. .Iruw him u> a ahalr. . r Ifaiank (atp tho caehloaed depths of tho , Inrgorasy ohalr noil lay with oloncd ovia l|Lo a man weary and oxhnnated olmoat hoto ,i'",tt'Ai!t>doath.i'1 .' L ' : . . ... . Hn Turflt stood and gored at him in be. ,?%wIldfireiwondor. What had changed him "0 frightfully? She could not uncIoTBtaodit. ; ' datidonly there was a ollght sound ouUido V door, :r< visitor started wildly and d tared in . >. . direction. i.ock it, for God's sakol" ho whispered, ; choking lips. »3 wont toward tho door, thinking sho (1 turn tho key to humor him, when ; -V-'fooho could reach It it opened, and tho ' ' s'tor appeared upou tho threshold, staring fires that seemed as if tboy would drop '-' ' vOf.thoir sockets at tho ngaro in tho " it. . jaw loll, his swollen cheeks seemed to '.".V:.\,"4.ur:;?3» .and tho purpio flash oQ'his face i i 'on Icadcurid paitor, ugaluBt tho door-post, -Tarflt was fairly grasping for breath, .is'.-- I. wo of tbcra ! sho muttered, in horriflcd ...... 1.5, wondering If qhu wezonot losing hor -Tot dead V' Jftspor'ojaculatcd.olmostun- v.- - vlously, ley hands seeming all nt onco to hblm. » breath came thick, bis limbs seemed Tid ' , ' 'ts ho glad ? Did ho ovon romombcr in .\v>upremo moment tho agonies of remorao ; r.; d Buffered, the pangs of guilty fear that -on.1 his soul ? /tut alll Ho . only: felt that th'o man, : a identity ho had stolen and whom ho dead ami buried bad com o bnek to tiko from him all that ho had won by his wickcdDcu. an'l ho hatod him mora bitterly than Cain did Abel. Kenrlck, tco, soomod stunned with amazo- menfc at first sight of his brother. Toil here 1" ho exclaimed at last,in stern and bitter tones. "How is that? How corno vou here? Where do you suppose I havo been? Jo prison in your place! Sleeping in a felon's cell that bolonged to you ! How is it ? Why aro yoa hero while Iwas thoref I could never convince Captain Dunning that I was not Uiok Bolsey. Ho peered and mocked at overy thing I said, and be swore that if I contrived to get away from prison every day in tho year, just so often would bo - hunt mo down and tako mo hick. Ho Is after ma now ) he may come into this houio at any moment. What are yon going to do about U? Whioh shall ho take 1 ' Jasper was thinking fast, Ho glancod at tho housekeeper and saw that sho was com pletely confounded and bowildorod. Every thing that Kenriok had eaid was to her ns if he had spoken in an unknown tongue. 44 My dear boy," ho exolaimod, suddenly, 44 Captain Dunning shan't havo either of us —not yon, at any rate. Come with me and let us talk it over. - How. tired yon look? Havo you boon ill?" Ho went and pnt his arm around Kenriok with an affectionate air. .' 41 Como 1" bo said, gently. At tho same time he looked at Urs Turfit, behind 'his brother and touching his fore head significantly, shook his head gloomily. 1 Poor Kenriok bad been throogh so mocb, and, however . ho had oicapod from CtpUlu uunniog, wis ami euuenog ircm mo enecca of Dootor Varlo's wicked dregs. Hie brain was very far from clear. Ho had sofferod ao much, been mocked at, ioered. and derided, that a kind word sank into his eonl. Ho was so weak in body and mind that, after the first Indignant outburst, his eyes filled with tears at his wicked brother's hyyocritfcal kindness and doving manner, and be let Javper take him where he would. jasper spoke to Urs Turfit as they were goiog ont. The bouekeopor had scarcely movod since he made his appearance at tho door. 44 Won't joa bring u« a lunch to my room f' he said, graciously. 44 Our friend here sccmi faint. A few oysters, aoy cold mca', anything that comes handy, and-a 'bottle of wins." . 44 Ho wine for m« !' Konrick broke in, de cidedly. 44 You know how I hate it, don't Voo, Mre4Tarfit? Bring me ono of those delirious cups of tea yoa know so woll how to brow. Many a one yon have made for me." ; The housekeepor gave him a quick, excited look, and Jasper bit his lip savagely, "One to too tad," ho thought. "Why iconldn't I remember how odd he always was About winol" i As ho conducted Kenrick slowly along to ;h( apartments he wondered, with a chilly thriU, - what was meant about Captain , Dunning. Could there bo anything In It ? : "Hownoocr too" ho thought. 41 that. he says nothing about his wife 1" Kenrick Princo asked of tor his mother, and -Jasper evasively told bim sho was well, but he never montlonod Sibyl, hie wife. He was quite clear that he had been in prison in bis cenvlct brother's place, bat he could not tell bow ho got there. Ho remem bered nothing about tho nOlway disaster, Doctor Varlo, or Ms marriage. in short, something very queer seemed to havo happened to fats mera ry. It waspartly tho result of his injuries ana -partly Doctor Varle's drugs. Jasporwaa quick to' sco that somoifaing was wrong aua " to. exalt In it, ; It made' what ho meant to do just so much "easier.., 41 If I only knew certainly whothor Dun ning has had him 1" he morel, anxiously, his blood abiUiog at tho very thought. But 1 believe bo only imagines- that." Mrs Turflt came presently with the lunch boibad ordered, and ho oouid see by the way- sbo lookod at Konrlok that eho.'waa excited kud suspicious. 44 How bothered she is I" he thought. t4 She can't make it out." - j As thohousokceperdeft the room, her net?, row, palo oyobrows were contracted thought- pression that moant mischief to somebody. 44 Thank goodness ho didn't ask for tho toys ?" sho Baid. os she turned hor steps to-, ward tho tower-rooms once more. ' I am almost euro, myself," shemattered, with tho same canning, wioked look, "though he is mightily ehanged. But here is somebody will know I" . Bioyl Pnoco hod not thought of retiring. Thp old gardener's looks haunted hear. Sho bad boon walking about all the time, op and down, up and'aown, trying to calm and check the wild, strange- thoughts that would sweep over her, but in vain.- ' What was it the gardener had seen? What hou mode him look at .her fa thafcywhtto. puzsledway? Ghosts? What ghost? whose ghost f The lovely oyes wore, horning bright, tho sweet face flushed with tho fever of thought that consumed her. j ' At sight of Mrs Tarfit's moan, malicious face, she stood still, her hands clasped tightly, outwardly colm, thoagh rieadiy pale, whilo hor boart beat ficrcoly against her side. The housekeeper was looking at her with tho samo expression, James Beeso'had worn.. Mrs Turflt'a thin Hps parted in a Blow, cold smilo. 4 "It ia an ntter impossibility for ypa to even guess what 1 am hero for, 'she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, 44 and yet to look at you one wonld think you know." Sibyl did not utter a; word, but hor looks showed, that she was suffering. , The housekeeper would havo' liked- to tor ture her longer, but she' was too impatient herself. 44 Oome with me I" she said, going quickly' ont of the room. Sibyl clasped her hands upon hex heaving bofom, and followed in silence. .. : The woman went straight back to the room in whioh sho left the two men at their lunch. \ ;r ; . . . At the door sho paused, looking strangely at Sibyl. From witbincamo tbo sonnd of tho two voices plainly— ono so different from the othor— thoagh they could not distinguish a word, Bibyl's beautiful faco was whlfco as death. Hor large eyes burned as with white flames. As she move! forward,' Mrs Turflt shrank outot hor.way. »- 1 .. Sibyl put hor hand upon tho door. , It was locked. . .. .1. Sho turned upon tho hooaokoeper with a UCIVU UUU unpuowi 5V..WW . . . The woman stared excitedly, Then she almost ran down tho passage to. another door and tried It. As it yiolded to hor hand, she whirled and caught Sibyl by tho arm. 44 You can go through this, right' into tho room where they airo," she said, hurriedly, poshing hor a little and following quickly, as 6ibyl daitod to tho door indicated and wronohed it open. Jasper PriUGO Bat diroctly opposite. Too glow of wino ho was jost lilting to his Hps fell with a craeb. Thoro woo only ono face, in tho wholo wido world, ho wouldnot rather havo seen at this moment than Sibyl'o, and that was Captain John Danning's.' Kcurick'a baok was to tho door. Ho had not seen his wlfo yet.. .There was ono chance for Jasper to fling himself oni Sibyl and tbrast hor out ol tho room, boforo her husband did'aoo her. ? J?? at her liko a tiger. But, quicker still, she cladod him, flashed irom his ouUfcretch' hands nnd.foll almost faint- log at Kenriok t foot, Thicu cnsUod a strange scone.-'. , ' Jaspor Bloody glaring,- longing,- yet not daring, to tear tho beautif at woman irom that place, ood draff her bactto.tbo towcE rooms. Mra Turfit had como into .the1 apartmont and was standing very near, bat ho htul no scon hor. . .v;- 4 Look at your brother I", aho whiaporod. 44 Ho don't know hor" > Jasper lifted his oyes to Kenrick's foco, and a shiver of horriblo. exultation.. ma thToughhim. . 44 lu true I He hat forgotten hor, too I" ho muttered, through.hls picnohed tcuib Tho room was vory still. Sibyl knolt, half embracing hor husband, ' her, lovely ,cyco fsetcned upou his handsomo, boggard face with the strangest, expression, - euiflly, that ever a woman's coantouancn wore. Her ashy lips, movod over tho words, "Not dead. not. dead?" just as Jasper had said, but no sound camo from them. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder . Kenrick eat like a statne. lio might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition Iq tho sad black eyes, that lookod so stranirolv into those of his wifo. Gradually tbo horror of It crept ovor her. Tho rapturous smile which had parted hei soft Hps at firat, froze there. Into tho sweet, whUo face came an agoay of fear,inorcdulity and despair, beyond words, 44 Eon," sho breathed at .last, faintly— "Ken!" , / CHAPTER XXX. SOUS diamond RINGS. There was Doanswer— -only a straoge, pity- log stare from tbo unhappy man— a forced, mechanical smite. Hor arms foil away from bim. Sho rose slowlj and stiffly to her fcot. 44 Father in heaven I" she ejaculated. 44 Is this my Kenrick, or only another cheat ? Or have 1 gono mad at last, as they tried to make mc ? Kenrick— my Ken— my bo- loved t" Sho reachod and touched his hand with hers. "You are Ken— yes, yon are! But oh, my GoJ, bow strangely you look at mo I" She covered hor faco with her hands her sobs filed tho room— sounds of fearful, of heartrendiog woo and anguish. ' Konrick Prince turnod to his brother. Ho lifted his thin, white, trembling hands wit a piteous gesture of amazement, deprecation ami pain. Joiner MIR hta AntMHnnir« TTn fitma toward. His most wicked look In the hand- 1 some, wicked eves that were so wonderfully like, so horribly unlike his brother Ken- rick's. 11 You don't know this young lady —do yoa; Ken?" he said, In his sprightllcst manner. " You don't know who she is J" "I don't, indeed I" Kenrick answered, kolttlog bis pile, delicate brows anxiously. Jasper was trembling from head to foot with tho excitement of tbo situation. His volfti.sonmicd hoarse and thick as be sprite. . It was such an awfah, audacious, dastard ly lie which ho uttered. 44 My brother," ho said, "this io my wifo." Ho paused to sco if Kenriok wonld con tradict Mm j but ho did not. . Sibyl lifted her- hood. Jasper did not look at her. 44 She takes yoa for me," ho went on. 44 Wo look so muoh aliko, yon know." 44 Uht sho called me by my name." 44 Yon must turdou her for that; Sho is a little wrong in her head. Sho has heard me speak of yon. Sho calls mo Kenrick eomotixnes." Sibyl'e sobs had ceased, Sho stared from ono to tho otbe?t ..stunned with horror. 44 Poor girl !" Kenrick murmured, very low, .looking at her compassionately with his boautlful, kind eyes. \- Jas Dor's first imDulso was to tto and out his arm round Sibyl j but be thought bettor of it, and moving to ft position just behind his brother, leaned slightly over him; and from this vantage ground bo- stowed upon tho dazed girl a sneering and exultant smilo. For the first time In all Sibyl's know lodge of bim, tho wretch really frightened "her. She felt us thoagh an iron hand wore gripping her heart, and slowly crushing oil tao Ufo blood out of it. : Hor bcaia reeled, her senses scorned go- izig, an awful blackness tree swallowing her. Sho straggled' against It with all her might» but in vain. Sho was falling— filling, 1 Jasper and Kenriok both sprang to savo htr. it was her husband who reached hor firetj- uttoring as he caught hern low cry of tonderesb compassion and dismay that thrilled her to the soul, and drove back, aa if by magic, the tide of unconsciousness. ; She hod' just strength, when Jasper triod to tako her from that dear olaep.toliftono whito arm and windit round her husband's neck, oa . with a dying olutch. Is was not easy to remove her. : Jasper was alarmed. He took hold of the delicate arm, and pulled quite roughly in his effort to loose it. ! Sibyl moaned feebly. I1 Don't ! Can't yon seo yoa are hurling her?" Kenrick exclaimed, almost fiercely, r Jasper fell baok with a. suppressed- oath, "You had hotter lay her down. some where,"- suggestedrMra Tnrflt, sweetly. " it ie always bettor to lay a person down in a fainting fit" "Of course. Put hor on: this couch, Ken I" exclaimed Jaspor, bustling into tho nbxt room. : Sibyl's arm tightened about herhus- bhnd'sneofci . .4 . Darling i"ohowhiflpored, agonieodty, "Don't you remember Lily? IJin't you know LBy? .Oh,' try and remombor. Do try, beloved 1" : 44 Let mo help you, Mr Kenriok," inter posed Mrs Tarut. 44 You don't look fit." ! Kenriok stared at her with bowildorod, troubled looks. !4'LiIy P" he murmured. "Lily? Whoro have 1 hoard that name before ?" ; iu Jut my wuvH uoiuu, tftutpur urnu, otfolly. "And with a'auddon flerco vrronch ho tore Sibyl from his brother's clasp and bore her into tho next . room. Kenrick remained, staring straight be fore him with wild; fixed looks and hia two hAnds holding his head. ' Lily, ?" he muttered; still with quiver inglipa. 44Xoly? JiUy?uaa.tboughhe wos trying to reinber. " Sibyl retained her conseionsness per- foctiy;but she felt faint and weak,vindsHo wanted timei .to' think. - As Jasper placed hor on the couob, sho closed her eyes and pretended tobe'ih a doepowoon... Jaspor stood ovor, with clonched hands and grinding ; tooth, listening to his brother. Mrs Tnrfit stopped np besido him steal thily.'- '' '-. ' 44 -You're hi a pretty tightplaco, I should say," > sho whispered. "what will, you givo mn to help yon ont F'- Tto looked at h'qr keenly a momont | thori he put his band in.t)is.'pqoket, and. pulled cut threo handBOmo diamond rings— A soli-. toiro, a Muster and a cirelo tho last sot with fivo beautiful bHUtantaof great lustre and purity. ' Mv mnthnr'n'riniru.4' lift said. <4Yon may havo your pioklf you. got" her book' into tho. towor without 'him- seoing her again— and keep, hor there I" he addod ' Tho 'housekeeper,8''oycs gleamed - with avkrico and vanity.- : " You'll need my elp.atroight'on," she said. " Givo them aU to me, and rilseo' yon through." Jaspor hesitated. ' ,'lnwajdly ; hof, cupaoa hor for hor "greediness... - . 44 You can t do oho thing without mo/'. the woman whioporod again... 44 Where ie Miss Garr P" ho nokod. 44 Sbo was to bo driven to tho station. 1 don't know any more than that. Gone for holp for Mrs - Kenriok, . it'a likely," tho woman Bald, with a jork of hor head toward Sibyl and a broad grin., , jasper Btarted. Dangers wcrp thiokon- ina around bim. r Dunning might appear at any , moment Miss dorr had gono to hlni.i , Bot Ho most immmont poril won this, light hore now taoing him. , At any cost Bibyl ond hor husband must '">Help ho" must havo to accomplish it ho pould do nothing nlono— nnd thora woo no one to famish it in Bollo s absence ox- , ceprthia woman, and- ho should ,Layoto bribo hor anyway to maho her. hold hor on ho shrank from tho descration of using his motboris rings for buoU a pur pose, hut ho had no monoy. . Mrs Turfit waa watching him. iuo hitUorto.oringiog ; ond anbsorriont houBO keeper hid rntbrod hor demeanour greatly witpto tho last hour. . nmtiA Au inooiont, domineering light i gleamed frein- hor small -.oyoa/ond nor thin, e allow iaccjwas wroathod In oxultinonulos.- \- "I shouldn't think you'd -want to oon- aidor of it long," sho said. 44 1 might mako yon pay mo more— a great deal more— how I know who you ain't and what you ore." : Jaapcr shuddered. In tbo next room ho oouid boo Konrick oxcitedly walking up and down, still ro- poating ovor in anxious, troublod tones : > "Liiy I Lily I Lily!" ' He knew that strangely vanishing memory might como baok at any moment. He extended his hand with tho rings-a marvellous glittering heap. 1 " 44 Tako them I" bo said. Tho woman grabbed them with an absard eagerness that woald havo been laughable under any othor circum«taoccs.' 14 Now attend to her," Jaspor said, sternly, " and do it woll I Get hor away from here jaatoaqalckly as possible Will you do it I" It never occurred to Jaspor (o wonder how sho would do it. .. , Ho went -into tho next room, closing tho door between tho two carefully. , Mrs Turfit stood for au furtantgloa?jng. ovor her riugs ; then, with a gianco at Sibyf, stopped to the olosoa door and stood trying to hoir what was going on boyonii Sibyl cautiously opened her eyes a littla. Tho door by which tbo cunning houso- koepor stood was at somo diatanco from the couch, and hor tack was to that. At tho foot of the couch was the door into tho hall through which Sibyl bad como a little before when sho broko in so unexpectedly -upon Jasper and his most unwcleomd gnest. " >tu This lost door Sibyl resolved toTcaob, orid if possiblo cscaue by it. . . Everything— her husband's llfo, hor alibi hopo or happincfts— she felt depend edo'u nM retaining her liberty, and not failing igofa into Jaspor's power. . " . -4 Hor strength hod come book to her at tno awfnl, tho frightful need tor 11. Her mind was steady and olear. Carefully, noiselessly, sbo drew hersolf up, first to a sitting posture, and lot hor Hinbs slip gently to the fioor. Tbo housekeeper's car was c'oso to the. dour, her eyes dovouring her. rings, which! already adorned ono short, pudgy hand. Sbo conld only distinguish a word qow and then of what was going on la tbo' hexi room, bu'. Konrick's voire was raited slightly, while Jasper acemed to bo areuiog gently with him, in silky tones. tiibyl was off tbo couch- now. Her slip pered feet male no sound as she gl(<le'i'a 1 few steps, ttll sbo reached tbo door into the hall, and had bur band upon it. It yielded to her touch as silently a though iu hmges had been of down, and sho flitted through It liko a shadow Very shortly after Mrs Turflt glanced carelessly toward tho couch, and' saw that it was empty. Tbo m«Hcious aod spiteful housekeeper was perhaps never so near fnlutlag in he; life. 8ho mw that tho door at tbo foot of tbo couch was partly open. Sho sprang to It wildly. . M Sbo can't bo gono more than a mlnnto," ho mattered, n llhn i1a,lAit Il.niin1t nn along tho corridor and down tbo broad stair way leading to the front door. Thu btg doublo doors were both swinging, and sho fancied she could seo Sibyl ' Prince running somo distance down tho avenue. Bhe went after her a little way, and then stopping, deliberately retraced her steps. " what is tbo uso of being a fool i" she told bersolf, angrily, 44 1 couldn't catch her if 1 tried, aod If 1 overlook her I could not mako ber como back. She has gono aitor betp, and sho will gtt ft, too. Tho best 1 can do is to go bock to thu house and mako all 1 can out of this business before thoro is a grand smash-hp." Sho went inside, closed and locked tbo great duublo doors carefully, and then has tened to tho tower, whoro sho locked tbo door communicating with thu main part of tho mansion, Sho bad just accomplished this; when sh«? saw Jaspor. Prince coming hurriedly towards her, breathless and palo. CHAPTER XXXI, dokoas BUBti ixeabd from. As Mia Turfit saw Jaaner Princo an. proaohing, broathloss and pole, her first thought was that ho had discovered Sibyl's flight. But he had not. Ho supposed that aho had jnat lookod hie hapless brother's lovely young wifo into tho tower rooms. "Js she safo P Did sho' make yon any trouble P " ho demanded, eagorly.- Mrs Tarfit's spirits rose, as sho saw that ho did not snspoot anything wrong. Sho was/panting - violontiy, -ftom-.tho haato she had jost been making. "Yes; sho mode" mo a good deal of trouble," sho answered, audaciously, "if 1 had not boon an uncommonly -strong Woman, i could no'vor haVo got-her lioro at all. . I had to hold hor:; moutli- with ono hand, to keep hor from sbrcaiuing, and drag hor with the other. Did you hear 44 1 didn't hoar anything- at all," Jasper said 44 Perhaps, you were making too muoh7 noise yourself," tho houBokeopor suggested, 'boldly. : He looked at her sharply.' i see your ounoaixy is very much excited oyer my visitor,". ho said, in . alow, cold tones.' 44I will, toll you - about- binu Ho is a sort of distant oou jiiix of- mine; who has boon troubled with just' such atrtmgo fancies ae ybu' heard hiin "oxpr&w;, a good many years. Ho' bffebmeo ' vory -violent at times, and- his friends Havo bcen: obliged to keep him nnder restratfit in consoquonce. I presume, some of thotti will'. bo.horo in. search of him ;by,. or perhaps bofore, morniog. ..Moanwmlo, if- yoa should', hoar any. unusual 'rioiBo;'ybu\i»Wllkiiow,-.whatifc meanfl'.'V . , . Tho' email;/ btody eyes . of the ' bouse-, keeper, 'dnd-tbe wickod, bhiolt; . ones, of. tho' man, met in a.alow, boon gnze, 44 1 shall beljoro juflt asVmnoh of that story as I am paid to bolliivo, MV Huy-/ " tha housekebpor said;.- . . .- . . ;u i. His fateamkenodrmiddonly.-r;HOiWcn& toward her a atop — . ";Ifyon oyer— .mark mOj.utPLhmBaQj' — ?4caU mo by that mxm6 agamiM'- will choke you with thosd tio huiaq atom of breath is outrof-ybuKbodyJ-'--i ! . a Mrs Turflt turnod- green4 with fear.;,". $no put up- both hands,-,. .... . 5.. ! : 4,4Soop off, koop"off i sTjQ'brip.d, " Or" I'll eoreamlV I : ' K." 44 YoufoblI"hpWtiuned.n«I!d'dttHbkio: tfiA flrefc Rntind In- VhtirtlifrMilloifiHiii: iin 1 havon't .tofiohod you-;' butab.wilLiH you , put on tod many aire. And, dod'tf' to!® tb» mo .about pay \ -« You-, havo ;09yor. faf! for to-night's doings, 'and yon- will got nor more at. present." ',ITi ' '" j £r; Thahbusekbopor was thorofighlyicSweo.' "She 'began to': edgo'H'Khy: i from pirn: cautiously. . ' ' . ; 44 If ho finds out;6iyl -TriqcQ.-.haSi gono, ho will murdor. mo suro/'.qhp thought. ; " I— I think 1 will go to' bod; if you don't ncod iho,".sho oaid._ ; Sho wehbtbwar<l'-l)of oavfi -Ap.vtmdnta, and JaapcrToturaodtohiB.-. ;n- '> If Mrs Turflt -had'a.- soft placp in j hor heart, it waa-tor Koarhkirfnco.'. - ! Tlio plain,, fussy, :middieogod'Vomau had been silly enough 'to imagine horsolf m love wth tho houdaomo- young holrand her hatred. oE Bibyl « was rpuro .onyy -'and spito, growing outof tlatxooUohncss.! Sho. only went. a. littla. way" toward hor own rooms, and stole baolc after Jaspor as soon co aho dared. - i "Ho shan't hurt him/' sho mattered. 44 1 Won't havo that, andTH toll him: bo if trios. I'll .reuse oyexyporyont in tho houso to stop it;- I don't fuol ono bitelcopyj I'll go into ono. of thoso rooms on tho other sido of tho hall'and watoh. Thoro a danger oftoomuuy thingo -liappomnghoro before daylight for mo to-go to bod.!' - c Sbo could- hear iomo Blight moyopent in Jaspor-a aportmouto, but no voices. " Sho wondered '.'to horcelf ' ' if ''Kenriok Prince could bo asleep. - ' : i -. \- Sho sat down by tho door, mblr it slightly opart, to listen. . ;r . But sho was not nacd.to watching; Sho foil- eoundly aaleop. prcsontly, with hor head against tho wall, and- hovo< opened hor oyos tUl'aftor daylight, ;wheA 'oUa-iwaa: i I rousod by tho -olasgihg of tho front on- trancoboll. . Sho started up, cold and stiff, and looking wildly about hor; unoblo at' first to remember where sha'wae. Thon it all camo baok to hor. Tho door boll rang again. \- "-That is Sibyl Prince," tho housekcoper said. "Sho is bringing tho officers to arrest somebody." „ And sbo began to tremble. Sho took tho diamond' rings out of hor pockot and lookod at them. . "I wish I had not takon thorn," sho thought. 44 But I don't boliovo oho knows." . , And she pnt them back ia hor pookot. . Then she heard Jaspor como out oMils room ond go downstairs. H had discovered it was only a mes senger boy from Hampton, and ho hurried to soo what ho had brought. Mrs Turflt darted across tho hall ond tried hla.door. It was not locked. - Sho went through into tho inner room. A low cry broko from hor lips. . Konrick Princo. tied hand and foot, and gaggod with a stout handkerchief, lay. oa the conch whore Sybil bad bin but a Uttlo while before. Hiaeyca were closed. Able purple lump on ouo eldo of Mb palo fore- head told its own talo. Tho , housekeeper almost fainted with horror.' " Ho has killed liim-ho will kUI mo too," oho thought. .Kenrick Princo was not dead, howover. Ho opened hia oyes, and lookedat thohouao- kqepor, with a dumb, aeon v of anneal that ; flaunted hor to her dying daj. tBuG sho darod not stop.' Already sho fan- clpq aho could hear Jasper returning. Running, out of .tho t room,, aho roloakod the "door with shaking fingers and hurried through tho other into tho corridor. Jaaper Princo woo just coming back, his expected tolegiam In his hand. He looked palo and excited, troubled and ftagry. If ho bad not been utterly confused and startled by tbo etrenao contents of tha telcsram. be must b&vo; noticed Mrs Tarfit's -frightened appearance. : Tho hootekcepcr stammered something about baviog jnat como from tho tower, and being on ber way to tbo door to see who hod rang, bat ho scarcely looked abhor. Grnabling something almost Inaudible, he pu«hcd rudely paat her, went into his room and locked tho door after hia. UN telegram was from Belle, of courec, tUoogh It was signed 44 Dorcas Buel." But It was a very different message from that he had expectoi 4 Am most unavoidably detained. Busi ness of utmost importance to yoa. Tbundor in tho air 1 filaa coming to sco you. Bo cautions I— Dobcas Rdbl." Jasper Princo was utterly confounded. His perils, instead of lessoning, seemed to thicken about him. Ho missed Bollo horribly. 8ho alwayi saw a way to holp him oat of his troubles. What did sho mean by 41 thunder in tbo air " ond 44 man coming to sco joa I" Could ho mean Dunalmr? Bho might havo got hold of tho situation about Kcurick, and suddenly it occurred to him that sho might havo been at tho bottom of tho wholo myslory. Dunning conld never have got hold of Kenriok wlthunt somebody holpiog him. But' ho tad to giro, it up. Qo wis half wild with excitement, nervousness and anxiety. Captain. .Dunning might appear at any momuut, and ho should, havo to faco bim almsclf, or risk worse— though really it seemed as if nothiog could bo worse. Ho felt that ho could never go through with it without betraying himself. If bo had. known that, in addition to all tho rest, Sibyl Princo was at liberty, ho would bavb thought that tho situation was desperate Indeod. 44 If I could givo Kenrick something to pnt him asleep, ' ho thought,'" it would bo o mach earier managing bim, I wonder if Doctor Varla did not lo&vo; somo sort of rteoplng stuff in his room? I will go and sco." . Ho wont out of bis room, carefully looking hia door. "" He-found' Mrs Turfit In her own apart at sight of him. He askod hor for tho koya of tbo tower. Tho scared woman's tooth fairly chattered, "I— 1 am afraid I havo loet thorn," she stammered.' 44 1 have boon looking every where for them." i At this momout lho door-boll rnngjigaio. 44 1 had better go and boo who that is," tho pOlo housekeeper said, glad of any exeneo to get away from him. , It might . bo Sibyl Princo with a whole posse of constables at hor back; but any thing was hotter than this man jost now. Jasper was white with apprehension, and lot her go. Ho followed noiselessly to tho, head of the great stairway, and wdtchbd from that lark- log place; while she opened'tho door and ad mitted a gentleman - a total stranger, as Jaspor saw ; yet . his heart sank with vague doubt and dread; Ho heard tho stranger ask' for Mr Princo j then ho gave Mrs Turfit a letter to take to hiin, Jasper 'drew back out of sight aa the houaekeoper camo up with tho. letter and movod slowlv. alamr the nnnnr hnlf. tnrnfn<7 the letter ovor and ovor, studying tbo out side -as though sho would give anything to know tbo contents. . Ho stepped softly behind her, and, rcaoli log over hor shoulder, snatched tho letter but of abor hand, The woman barely suppressed a scream.': ! Jaaper hurried away to his own room to rcad'tho lottor. ; . Ho wonld not trust himself to do so whore tho housekeeper could see bim. ' ; It was from Belie, ho perceived instantly And. bore; besido tho superscriptioo, the legend . . \- \ Beoommonding Mr Gorvaso Trent for tni position of valet," . Jasper- slatod, livid with, rago, fear,' and -wonder. "What docs sho mean?"- ho mattered, as helwrouobod the eavelopo off. " M dbab Nephew," bo read': 44 Sorry -to fdlsoppoint yoo, but f can't oonio qtxito yot. : I darp not explain on paper why I !s toy,- 1 will bo with you positively to- morrow .morning if yoa.Bond a corriogo to meot mo at tho 10 o'olook express." Tomorrow l" Jasper intcrjoctod. "Bho might aawoll nevor come," "f-'-tmt ho read on : ' " "ttcamvhiio, keop on tho right sido of tho gcnvloman who brings you this. He has a mhoV to hire, to yon' as valet; and you ' had bfltter.'Ongago- him:aC price till 1 ."dotho; In faot, you vmisl do so. . Thoro Is tio getting round .that ' More when T.como,— l(diir affootionato aahtr J)oboa8 Buel." . -vJasper fairiy/ground fits teeth. , fiwono and worao hnd morc of : it," ho said.' " Wol'i I' havo got to soo Mr. Trout right away, and' find what 1 havo to oxpccu Thoro Is evidontly danger in tho man; some how, ana ho has to bo conciliated . till Belle got$. baok;' nny way. Oh, if Dunning will only Uoop off I" . Ho rang his boll. Itwno Btili early, but tho sorvarits woro beginning to show themselves- Ono of thorn answprcd the snmmono, and was told to bring Mr Trent up at onco. " 1-don t- hho liaving him hero wltli- Kon rick In yonder," ho mnttcred j " but it can't boholped." , . ( To be Continued.) Tho following advertisement io said to bo in an Amorican paper 44 Cholera, cholora, oholcro. When tho. chclora comes prices will bo lugh.. Buy your coffins early and avoid. tho rush, Sojzo the opportunity ond got a good -article, andono- tnot will salt youi i'ho undcroignodnaa tho finest stook of oofflna ovor offored for snlo In this town.' Ai nogro .woman- waa brought -boforo ft oouthorn judge obargoa with cruelly boat ing hor son, and w aa rcooiviog tho regula tion reprimand, whon . oho suddenly ox- olaiinou, 44 Jcdgo,'hho.yoa ovor boon tho patient of a.wufficoa ycllov boy liko dat ari oub o' mino?" .."Cortainly.not," rophed tho judge, with a .vohomenoo whioh must lrnvo accountod-for hio faco bosoming very rod.: 44 Don dou't you .talk," contemp tuously replied tho black woman 