CHAPTER II. THE BUfiSTTNG OE THE BTOBM. j Turee days passed away, Tommy growing worse and worse. Every available thing which would fetch a few pence had been soraped together and sold to procure him nourishment. Tom Sorrel continued to earn a shilling or so by carrying parcels from the railway sta tion, but many were competing for the same kind of work, and at last a constable was posted to warn off the " loafers." A kind-hearted young doctor named Mer ritt listened to Milly's plea, and not only paid her boy a few visite, but provided him with medicine to ease his racking cough. On the evening of the 23rd December Tom Sorrel returned after a futile attempt to earn a trifle, and found the doctor and his wife standing by the sick child's bedside. " I can do no more for him," the doctor said. " Go to the relieving officer, and tell him that the boy must be removed to the in firmary. Take my card; and " Tom Sorrel pushed it not roughly, but firmly aside. "No, sir!" he said. "Anything but, that ! No child of mine shall ever darken the door of a workhouse. I know you mean well," he added, dropping his voice to a; whisper, " but I'd rather see him carried to his grave." ! "But why are you so obstinateP" the j doctor rejoined. '* The boy wants nourish ing food and professional nursing. His life may be saved by such means, but otherwise he will die." "I've a horror of the idea, and so has Milly," Tom replied. " If my child die, let God, who gave him to us, take him. But he ' shall have no hearts of stone to deal with, and no flinty eyes look into his. Why, sir, you might just as well advise my wife and I to go into the workhouse. Fancy, when the i spring comes round and I get into work, people I pointing at me and saying, ' There goes Tom Sorrel, who wintered at the expense of the ratepayers ! ' No, no, no-a thousand times no." "Well," said the doctor, shrugging his shoulden, " if you will have your own way, I cannot help it. Here is a soothing draught to give the little chap in an hour's time. And now good night." He put a shilling into Milly's hand os he i passed, and remarking that he could find his way out of the house, left it, pondering on the independence of the poor, but perhaps not wondering at it. Tommy had heard nothing of what passed. He lay quiet, and appeared to sleep during the intervals of the fits of coughing. Tom Sorrel stood with his eyes fixed on his wife, and never moved until the miser able rushlight nickering and guttering on the mantel-shelf burned low, and she raised Tommy up to give him the soothing draught. Then Tom crept softly to the door, but stopped as if a dagger was at his heart, for the sick child was speaking. "To-morrow is Christmas Eve, isn't it, mother ?" Tommy asked, so faintly that his voice sounded like an echo. "Yes, my darling-when Father Christ mas brings good children presents." "Yes, yes. Have I been a good boy-I mean during my illness." j " Oh, so good. You have been your mother's own Tittle boy." I "Then," said Tommy, brightening up, "he won't forget to come, as he said he would. Good night, mother ; I think I can sleep now." Almost at the same moment he closed his eyes, and simultaneously there came a sharp, imperative knock at tho front door. Poor Milly, suppressing the sobs which racked her frame, tottered into her husband's arms, and he leid her down stairs and lit a piece of candle, for the room had been in darkness for economy's salte. Again came the mocking at the door, and Tom opened it. The landlord, Mr. Winch, accompanied by a heavily-bearded man, wearing blue spec tacles, and a coat with fur cuffs and collars, entered, as it were, driven by tho wind and snow. "I know what you want,]' Tom said, squaring his shoulders and glaring at Winch. "You have como for your rent. I wish I had it to give you, but as I haven't" " I liave heard from my agent," Winch interposed, " that yours is a hopeless case. This gentleman is Mr. Heddington, and I came to inform you that he has bought this house.*' "Well," Tom rejoined, "it makes little differonoo to me who owns the property, as I suppose I must olear out of it pretty soon." "By twelve o'clock on tho twenty seventh," Winch replied. "Clements told your wife so." Tom Sorrel glanced at his wife, and she shrank from him as if she feared that he would lift his hand against her for keeping the secret, but he put his ann about her waist and drew her to his side. "Gentlemen," he said, "you see this woman. When I married her, she was aa beautiful a girl as ever li ved in this city. She is still beautiful to me, for there is no bettor wife or mother ia. all the wide world. Ay ; there are few like her. She has looked poverty bravely in the face, and I know that she often felt the pangs of hunger rather than I might go without a meal. She has not told me so, but I know it. Well, gentle men, I don't ask for time myself, but for my wife and child. My little boy lies upstairs so very ill that for all I know he may be sinking into his last sleep " " What has aÜ this to do with me ? " Hed dingtou demanded, in a growling tone of voice. " I have bought the house ami I want it. Other people are poor and have sick children as well as you, 1 suppose." "They have, sir, and more's the pity," said Tom. " But listen to me. Milly, my wife, and I may have to leave hero childless ; so don't be hard-hearted. You aro well clothed, and no doubt have plenty of money in your pockets and in the bank, too. I don't ask your charity, but show us a little mercy for my child's 6ake- for tho love of God!" " Cant !-all cant ! " Heddington mut tered, turning to Winch. " I have had to deal with this class of people before." Tom Sorrel only heard a part of what was said, but he heard enough to set his blood on fire and fill his heart with rage. "Get on the other side of that door," he shouted,, clenching his fist, "or, hythe demon that you hare raised in me, I'll be the death of you ! " Winch took the hint at once, but Hed dington still lingered. n " There is no need for you to put yourself in a passion," he said. "The rights of pro perty are very properly protected. People who rent houses must pay, or" "Oh, sir," Milly cried, "I beg that you will say no more, but go at once." " He had better," Tom growled. "Very well," Heddington said, backing slowly nnd cautiously. "Don't forget to clear out on the twenty-seventh. Bah ! " As the churlish stranger closed the door behind him, Tom Sorrel sprang forward, as if to follow him, but Milly, exerting all her remaining strength, held him back. " What would bo tho use of quarrelling with such a man?" she said, soothingly, i " He would only trump up some charge : against you, and have you dragged to the police-station." | Tom stood staring at her some moments like a man in a dream, and then sinking into the only chair the room contained, dropped his head upon the table. " I nave drained the eui) of bitterness to the dregs," he gasped. " There is no mercy for such as us ! " " I fear," Milly said, after a pause, "that we must take the good doctor's advice. It would be wicked and an everlasting disgrace if we lost Tommy through any neglect on our part. I will go round to tho relieving officer early in the morning and state our case." " You-shall-not ! " Tom Sorrel replied, emphasizing each word. " But I am going out now." His manner was so strange as he rose to his feet that Milly ran to tho door and stood with her back against it. "For what purpose are you going out?" she asked. " Never mind," Tom replied, doggedly. " When I return I'll have money or the value of it. I'm not going to seo my child die under my eyes while things which would save him are given to pet dogs." " I know what you mean," Milly rejoined; " but you shall not leave this house. If you do, it will be over my dead body. Tom, Tom, you said that a storm was rising, and there are rumors about that it will soon burst -perhaps to-night. You, my husband, shall have nothing to do with the men who will cause this storm. Starve-die-perish in the streets, if Heaven so wtils it, but never let it be said that Tom Sorrel did a dishonest action, or even lent his thoughts to one." At this moment a hoarse murmur rose above the bowling of thc wind. " Stand aside ! " Tom Sorrel said, sternly. .' Let me go, or I shall be too late. They, the hungry, starving, despairing, and des perate, are looting the shops." " And so let them," Milly responded ; "but while I can draw breath my husband shall not join them." For the first time in his life he advanced towards her in a threatening attitude. " I tell you again to stand aside," he said, in a low, harsh tone of voice. Milly altered her mind, and moved from the door. " Before you go," she said, " listen to me. If my child dies, I know that if I hold fast to what is good and honest, his spirit will wel come me at the gates of Heaven. I have heard his father speak in such a strain, and now that same man would destroy his good nome for ever by turning thief. For shaine, Tom ! If you join the rioters, I swear, by all that is holy, I will never look you in the face again." " What ! " he almost yelled ; " would you desert your sick child f " " No, I will take Tommy with me, and it will be far better for us to die in the cold than than live to know that your hand had closed on a farthing or a crust which did not belong to you." Tom Sorrel uttered a sharp cry, and brought his hand to his brow, and Milly, rushing up to him, threw her arms about his neck. "Oh, my husband," she sobbed, "If I have uttered words to pain you, forgive me ! Tom, Tom, look at me-speak to me ! " "Pass," he said, "you have conquered me. I'll not go, though I was sorely tempted. Hark !" ' ; The streets were full of strange noises. Loud and shrill rang the police whistles, mmgling with the smashing of glass, yells, and defiant cries, but soon all was quiet again. The police had been informed of what was likely to take place, and scattered the rioters as the wind was scattering the flakes of snow. » # * . . When the gruff and grim Mr. Heddington left Tom Sorrel's cottage, he bade Winch a surly good night, and wended his way to the principal hotel and entered a private room on the ground-floor. For such a cosy, well-appointed apartment, it was in a strange state ot litter and confu sion. A huge package occupied the couch, and there was not a chair to sit down upon for parcels of various shapes and sizes. Heddingtoa rang the boll, and a waiter appeared. "Has the turkey comeP" the visitor asked. " Yes, sir ; and suoh a whopper, sir ! You'll never be able to get all the things into two hampers, sir." "What is it to you if I have half a dozen P " " Of-of course not, sir," the waiter re sponded. " Well, then, take half a crown, and go about your business." It was evident that Mr. Heddington in tended to keep Christmas somewhere on a . grand scale ; but he did not appear to be happy, or even easy in his mind. when the room was cleared of the parcels, he passed up and down, now stamping his feet, now snapping his fingers, and often wiping his eyes, which were moist, as if he had caught a severe cold in his head. When supper was brought him, he left it untasted. He wandered into the snowy street, buck again into the public bur, stalked like the ghost of Hamlets father through the smoking-room, to the astonishment of the customers assembled there, and finally called for his candlestick and went to bed. Even then he knew no peace. He rolled from side to side, groaned, muttered, kicked spasmodically, and now and then laughed and moaned in the same breath. Then he rolled about like a stranded por poiso until the house was closed and all was quiet in the streets. Stay.' The oarol singers were out. Heddington held bis breath, and as he lay it seemed to him as if" the very wind hushed its voice to liston : " God rest you, merry gentlemen, Let nothing you dismay ; For Jesus Christ, our Saviour, Waa born on Christmas Day." And the " Come, rejoice, all good Christians, And rejoice now, 1 pray ; For Jesus, our Bedeemer, Was bom on this day, In the city of David, And a cottage BO poor ; Then rejoice and be merry We have blessings in atore." " God help us all and send us those bles sings," Heddington murmered ; and then he fell asleep, as u he was the most calm and passive man on the face of the earth. 