TALES AND SKETCHES. [KOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] UNDER TH EGREAT SEAL, A NOVEL, BV JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Clytie," " Hy Order of tho Czar," "Johu Needham's Double," "Cruel Lon- don," ¿tc. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER. XIX.-TUE MYSTERIES OK WILDERNESS CREEK. Apart from tho natural dangers of that Îiart of thc coast which was dominated hy )cmon's Rock, mariners had other reasons forgiving tiic waters of Wilderness Creek a w ide berti], tí rim mid forbidding us arc the thousand miles of thc Atlantic coast of Labrador, thc region which included Nss quappo and Wilderness Creek was a con- centration of its horrors. During countless ages tho frosts and Btorms of winter, like untiring sculptors, have been carving the rocks into fantastic snapes, nowhere more strange and weird than where they guard the navigable current that Keith had discovered. Bor,ne on'thc winds from this area of Nas quappe, the Creek, and Demon's Rock, Bailors off Labrador heard in the air, and on thc tops about thc masts, a great clamour of voices, confused and mixed such as you may hear from a crowd ut a fair or in a market- place : whereupon they knew that thc Island nf Demons was not far away. In thc old charts it is marked with devils rampant, having horns and toils. Thc sailors of those days had woeful privileges that do not belong to their successors. They had seen thc Flying Dutch- man beating round Cape Horn. They hid seen tho phantom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy equal's sailing over son and land ; the Scotch "Meggie of the Shore," with her visions of spectral boats that were doomed ; and , "The Spectrc*shlp of Solem, with thedead men in her shrouds, Sailing sheer abate the water in the looming moving clouds." 1 They had Been thc demons of the storm, the mermaid with her comb and glass, the sea serpent with his fiery eyes ; they had spoken < dead men's ghosts. I With the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed, stories that were half the truth and traditions that hold their place in poetry I md romance. Whittier, the American poet, i tells of a phantom «hip which mariners a < hundred years ago would swear to. Thc i young 'captain of tho schooner visited thc i Labrador coast, where in a secluded bay lived I two beautiful sisters witli their Catholic : mother-both fell in love with. the handsome ] skipper who, however, was devoted to the i younger of the two. She was shut up in her < room uv thc motlier just at the moment whon 1 ?he had arranged to meet her lover and fly with him. Her elder siBter profiting hy her < ibsence went in her place and was carried out to soa in thc skipper's vessel. On learning | the deception that had been practised upou , ¡lim he returned to find his sweetheart dead, j ind no more in life was seen of the skipper or j bia ship. " But even yet at Sercn-Isle Bay ? Is told the (thistly «ale Ot n weird unspoken sall. Elie Hits before no earthly Mast, 1 With the red den fluttering from her mast, j The ghost of the Schooner Bréete." i A noted legend of the adjacent Belle Isle ', was told in fo'castle wrns in the days of ' which I am speaking ; bow Roberval had put i tm shore from his fleet thc lady Marguerite, niece bf the then Viceroy of New France, and ; lier lover, whose conduct had scandalised him < during the voyage out from home. He selected for their punishment the Island of Demons. Here the unhappy pair were : attacked by the fiends. Thasailors could tell you how many of them there were and the ' particular form of their horns and tails, and 1 the horrid grin of their fiery jaws ; and they ? could toll you of the whiteness and purity of i the band of saints that came to the aid of the i penitent lovers. But even these heaven-sent messengers could not eave thc father nor the child ; both died within a few days, leaving the Lady Marguerite alone in the terribie wilderness. One day the smoko of a fire attracted some fishermen on a bright calm day ; they ventured to land on the haunted iBland and there they found the unhappy woman, and rescued her after she had lived among the fiends of Demon's Isle for upwards of two years. These stories and many still more startling mysteries of the deep and its haunted coasts, the sailors of the sea knew by heart. But they knew nothing of the realities of Wilder- ness Creek. The fishermen who in the brief summer months carried off the harvests of the Labrador coast had not thc remotest idea of tempting the demons of Nasquappe or the adjacent islands by a trip beyond the boun- daries of their fish-Btakes and landing-stages. For years and years, with the first sign of autumn, the fishermen from France and Italy, from America.and tho Wost of England, had sailed home with their scaly treasures, some to be caught by hostile cruisers, some to go to the bottom perhaps, thc larger proportion fortunately to find welcoming hands at ancient jetties and in picturesque seaports. When the St. Dennis, dashing into the broken waters that were white with foam ono moment, black the next with the shadows bf forbidding rocks, had in the hands of her daring pilot sailed into Wilderness Creek and found rest in the still, calm harbour, it was found that one of their company was missing. He bad either remained on board the A venger with the Frenchmen or had been drowned. Keith concluded that he had not met the latter fate, seeing that he must have been born to be hanged. This person was no other than Lester Bentz, whose fife had been spared at the intercession of Preedie that he might be made the drudge and butt of the ship. There was more vengeance in keening him alive under such circumstances, Preedie argued, than in giving him the quiet rest of the grave ; and so Bentz had been spared, but only for what he conceived to be a living death, seeing that every' day he expected Keith to cut him down or have hbii swung to the yard arm as he had seen the Rear- Admiral ot the fishing fleet swing above the fire. When, therefore, the opportunity caine for a change of masters, Bentz hld himself in thc bold of Ristack's unfortunate ship, and presently made friends with the Mossoos, who were taken in tow by the three-decker, St. George, and carried to Halifax. The St.* George had given up her chase of Keith and his prize only when the chase lcd to shoals and rocks that were more dangerous than batteries of guns or tho boarding pikes of 'overwhelming numbers. She lay-to off Labrador the. next day, and the weather having moderated, sent a boat of search for bodies or other siguB of wreck and disaster. The officer returued, having nothing to report beyond the well-known inaccessibility of thc coast, and the dangers that threatened even the best managed boat in thc currents that swirl about the jutting rooks and crags that arc as foot-hills to the frowning promontories that lift their stormy hcadB to the skies. When the Anne of Dartmouth made for Wilderness Creok after her emancipation from the command of Ristack, Bentz, by order of Preedie, had been confined,to tlie hold, where bc had remained until tho ship was once more out at sea ; but he had heard sufficient in thc undisguised talk of the crew to enable him to give valuable information to thc English Admiral; but his lordship only regarded the revelations of Bentz us to an inland laka and a calm channel thereto pass- ing through thc broken and booming waters of the danger-marked coast as a sailor's yarn ; and uo attempt was made to tost the truth of his romantic stdry. Bentz being missed, Keith at onco had thc entrance to wilderness Creek barred with chains ; and a similar precaution was taken in regard to tho exit of tho harbour. This accomplished he and his ere« settled down to rest and for mutual counsel and recreation. The season WOB unusually mild. As a rule tho snow lies over Northern Librador fron September until June. In this year of Keith! exploits September had come in mild enc genial, with lovely autumn tints ashore nut only moderate gales at sea. Thc wind tha had filled thc nails, of thc St. ? Dennis wai almost tile first gale of the autumn. It hue been succeeded by a spell of fair weather, Tile season was indeed so unusually mild thal it enabled them to explore thu surrounding country, and in that garden of berries which Keith had discovered in his first wanderings about thc coast, they built a log house and cleared tho land around it for cultivation. It waB only thc work of a week to maka thc place habitable j and here Keith and I'rccilie, and Nicol and Scot, und occasionally others ol tho crew, came to drink their grog and smoke and quaff thc Frenchman's wino as they talked over their plans for tho future. Tho days went by pleasantly enough, and knowing thc history of their recent exploits it might have surprised any looker-on to see how easily the men amused themselves, to hear tile genial songs they suug, and to listen to their yarns and stories of advent ure. There waa one old fellow of whose tales Keith never tired. He had been mate to a pirate captain with headquarters at Salem. No ono in the quaint old town pretended to suspect his chief and owner, who lived in a'many gabled house overlooking thc bay, and with a garden full of vegetables and flowers. 'Die pirate had a wife, a shrew with lier tongue and a cat with her clans ; and when thc ship put into Salem «lie would have thc crew go up to the house to dig and weed ; " and it would have done your heart good, sir, to have seen that worthy old dame in command. By the lord, sir, we were more afcarcd of her angry eye than all thc hard words tho captain gave us. We dug and slaved at that garden like uny niggers ; every time we caine aBhorc there was a new piece of land to bring under cultivation ; they says a pirate's heartless and free, but give him a female skipper on shore and Bee what she can make of the toughest of us !" '" It was a standing joke with Keith to mimic thc Salem daine and order the crow to dig, even though they had no spades to tame the wilderness, and he was as pleased as a child when the carpenter brought along half a dozen home-made spades and half a dozen of the crew went to work with them. This "lille waste of time," as Donald Nicol called it, w-as not, however,' allowed to inter- fere with thc taking of every precaution for the full and complete protection of thc ship. Although it was not likely that they would have to meet any attack from thc laud, Keith had huts built for sentinels commanding the outlet from Demon's Kock ; and a post of observation was constructed on the eastern Bide of the harbour, where the sea-birds hod for cent urics played thc part of flying fiends and demons in the superstitious and fictitious history of the coast of Labrador, Belle Isle, and the adjacent sea-S'japcs of rock and water, of sand und shingle, aud frowning hills and fearsome valleys. 