MOTES ON HEWS. The rumor aa to tho engagement bo tween Princo George and Princoss May ol Teclc oiico moro omergon, a cable gram in a morning cotuomporary re- nortinu that tho roval betrothal la aa nouncod. But tho engagoment haa boon u annoanced " and contradicted with al>out equal diligence for the last aix montha. Tito dato of tho marriage haa even been imbliatied, anu tho untnoa of illustrious wedding guuats, and thon tho wholo story has boon officially contradicted until nobody can tell what to beliovo on the subject ! Ncvor, suroly.bcforo wore tho raatrimnnial inton- tions and proapectB ol a young lady mado tho eubject of such a battle of rumors. Evorybody would rejoico to qo tho roported wedding come off. Ic would glvo to tho hoir ftp- parent to tho Throne n good wife and to tho whole omntro tho prospect of a futuro Queen not unworthy of that groat dignity. The niarringo, too, would compensate tho luckless Princess May for tho loan of thot oup of happiness dashed in such tragical fashion from hor very lips by the death ol tho Pules of Glnroncu. But boltind nil this tnnglo of " announcements " and con tradictions tboro must ho oome strange wrangle going on One party to tho royal betrothal is porhaps aa willin' " as Barkis was, but tho otiiur. is apparently reluctant and approaches the point of consent with many a bolt and struggle. It would bo interesting to know .which is tho " willin' " and which tho reluctant party to tho betrothal, but thia is a oecret which" will only ho told in posthumous memoirs to our grandchil dren. it is important, of course, Hint Princo Guoriro should bo provided with a wife, tor if ho followed the unhappy procodont of bis elder brother and diud ultildless, thu Duchess of Fifo would becomo the heir-apf)aront to Lhelhrono; ami iio otto suspects her of having the strength oi either mind or body ic- quisito to curry tho burden of that great oilicu, - Cricket ta almost as proiitnblu this season in Sydney as in Melbourne itsolf. Tho rocoipts at tho intercolonial mutoh with Victoria amounted to L210D, . tho oxpansos L702. - The ' scale - of ex ponent shows that cricketers con tending for iho honor of thoir colony do not grudgo .themselves anything necessary for thoir onjoyment, but evon with oxponsos ou this uonerous, scnlo, the match yioldod a profit of Ll343. Tho . South Australian match, playod in 8ydney, .returnod a fur- tbor profit of L038, and theso golden results of courso-put thu N.S/W. Associa tion in a delightful position. Tho Aiso- otatipn began, tho soason with .-a debt' of U1C ; it had to borrow ovcr LUOO to: send tetms to Mtlbourno and Adolaido. It la now' ablo , to: pay all ita\ debts, and faco the world as tho proud possessor of a credit balance of L1120 I These fieurca ahow that there is " money in oricket " nt the' present momont. . They also provo that tho de pression, over which we are all lamenting, to loudly, dote not abridgo our pleasures oraff«ct the. fund car-marked. for dmusd- mente, , y,-,- . , Wo are apparently to have the Imperial penny poatago forced upon us against our will. 'Tho onergotio Mr tionniker Heston fiuds /tbe' new Postmastar-Geheral moro sQuaezable aud more acatssiblo to grit idcas .than bis -prodecesspr; and lie is issniling him'with deputation after 'do- putation. Ib is announcod that on Thurs day, next e.gigantio deputation of 100) membora of Parliament la to interview the ImpeHal Poetmaster-Goneral, Mr Arnol Morloy, and assail him with arguments on thu subject, Mr Morluy has already admitted that tho sclicmo is practicable and will not involvo serious loss, and he is plainly in a highly squuczablo condition on tho wholu subject. Wo arc not at tho present moment in a condition to vurnmdor any postal ro- yuuuo ; but what a inngnitioonl thing u penny poatago tchomu cooxtcn&ive; with tho wholu Empire would be 1 Ouo moro ghost has apparontly been ignobly detected and resolved into mere Holid and mischiovous ileih unci blood. A houso in Sydney has been for the past six months— or sineo its lato ownor died— mysteriously assailed with stonus, thut apparently were hurled by uiiontly hands, since nobody could detect tho actual throwers. Tho inystorious inchlent created groat local oxcitemeul ; the police and tho noighbora kept watch in vain, and tho unfortunAto widow went insano as tho result of this inoxp icnble pcrsocu tion, ntid was placed m the Lunatic Asy lum. During her absence tho none throw ing ceased, but when site recorded her reason and returned to her homo the stones onco moro fell without visible causooutof thenightly skytipontbehouse- , roof. Ucro was a ghost story which would hnvo dolighlea Mr Stead himself 1 I Unfortunately, however, for the romance of tho buainonu, tho polico suddenly detected a noighbor, assisted by his son in tho very act of discharging theso ghostly stones through space ! Tho persecution tho unhappy widow has suffered has been singularly cruel ; aud it is to hu hoped that tho actors iu tills story will bo severely punished. 