Crumbs. Agricultural returns being collected. Tilden'a Proprietary shares have neen again slightly— to. 1/9. . ??? '- ?? -- It is estimated that this season s crop of sugar in Queensland will exoeed 80,000 tone. , The Earl of Eosebery states that he can not blame the working men of Australia for refusing to encourage immigration. : ¥%'?'- finolroo nrn vflrv numerous in the Oobn amble district this year, and a number of homes have died from their bites. : The Mittagong Dairy Company received 8,938 gallons of milk and made 3,499 lbs, of butter, paid suppliers 2£d per gallon during the month of October. Serious differences have arisen between England and France respecting the buffer state proposed to be formed between India and Siam. The Country Party in the Assembly met 6u Wednesday and resojv«d to wait upon ' tha Minister for Lands and upon the iutro ductior: of an Amending L md Bill. 'Out Back,' Mr. Xeunnth Maokay'f ( ' novel, is published, pric* 3/6, by Sydne* **?' ' publishers. It is described as a realistic tale of old station dayB. \ The Bank Notes Bill introduced by Sir (George Dibbs gives the banks the right to lSBue notes in the country districts, payable onry at the head office in Sydney. The British ooalminere have accepted Mr. Gladstone's proposal to send delegates to r- conference with a view of securing a settle onent of the difficulty. The British miners on strike are returning 'to work at the old rate of wages, and a con oihation board will meet in February to BeltleTnatterB 'of detail in dispute, The House of Commons has granted the franohise to women in elections under the Pariah Councils Bill. The Government -? -— opposed the concession, but it was carried by ., a majority of 21. ''* ' '* - The San Franciaco newspapers condemn ,._,, the proposal of President 'Cleveland for the 'A''1 ; restoration of the monarohy in Hav aii, and . r demand that he Bhould be impeached. '— - - rjijjQ magistrates who have heard the Mercantile Bank case in Melbourne have -?-- -'disagreed, but Sir Matthew Davies, Millidge, and Muntz are to be committed for trial. Bell, Anderson, Ellis, and Eichardson have ?' been discharged. Mr. Sydney Buxton, Parliamentary Secre tary to the Colonial Office, replying to a question in the House of Commons on Thurs i -*'J- -day, said the Government would not forget the chivalry displayed by King Lobengula ?- in having the missionaries safely escorted to the frontier of Matabeleland on the outbreak ? -: of hostilities. Lady Bowen, wife of Sir George Fergus -'- ? eon Bowen, GC.M.G., has died from bron \ '-- chitis. The late Lady Bowen was well known in Australia and New Zealand, Sir »:- i-Geurge Bowen having been successively Governor of Queensland, New Zealand, and i- ' ? -Victoria. Lady Bowen was married in 1856. ? :- She was the Countess Diatnantina, and the '' ' daughter of his Highnesa Count Oandiano \-- - - ? Boina, G.O.M.G., President of the Ionian ? Senate. '-''? - The German B^ichstag was opened on Thursday by the Emperor William. In the course of his speech his Imperial Majesty urged the necessity for economy, and pointed ' out that the increased military expenditure Xi_under the Army Bills passed last session would necessitate an entire reform of the revenue, of the Empire, The French Cabi net have considered the proposed granting ? fr yL\ of a general amnesty to poijtical offenders, but have rejected the proposann consequence ,of the numerous dynamite outrages which ~'-°':'have taken place recently, and which are 1 -J attributed to political influ'nces. The ghosts at Hampton Court Palace are said still to frighten the inhabitants and ?officials of the placo ; and even visitors, it is ~7~'7 BaVd7 are hot exempt, ''several of them have ^-^-terrainated their visits abruptly owing to the noises they have heard. A resident in the ^palace sends to the Daily .Graphic an account of an apparition seen, by an attendant in the gardens, who was sitting on a bench wait ing for the inspector to pass on, his rounds c; .:;, at night, when suddenly he felt a hand laid O:-.j -upon- his faoe, and looking up, saw a tall ??; : pale lady, dressed in grey. He sprang; up at ?a.v.-once, but she vanished before his eyes, and the shock caused by the apparation was so ivrj-'great-thafc he had to resign his post. He jo . became ao nervous that he was absolutely afraid to remain in the garden at night. Nor jbl- are the ghosts confined to the gardens; for ?.- a few nights ago two of the maid- servants, ,. fanoying they smelt something burning, ^ .went down one of the staircases in the mid dle of the night and met a tall p ale lady with ' arefleoted light on her face,' and dressed \- in black. She, too, vanished through the ' ? Queen's gates, though the door itself was \- . ? shut, and no footsteps could be heard. ' . ' Other servants in the palace have been vis ? .. ited by these royal ghosts. One servant de -?? olared that she felt something come and touch her face in the dark when she was ? ' aBleep in bed, and another maid sleeping in \- ? the- next room called out to her to ' leave off walking about her room,' as she heard ji -'.v footsteps moving about. Several visitors to \- the palace have noticed extraordinary noises in a particular room, and only a few months . ?-- iago two ladies were standing talking near c-' I this room at about half- past eleven one night when they heard a loud crash and saw .'^ ;a brilliant light flash through the room, and a ?' eight which they could not account for in -'? anyway. The Grace's informant is posi tive that no practical joker is the author of ; the disturbances, as has been suggested in some quarters. ADne Boleyn and Jane Sey : ? mour are said to be the disturbed spirits, and it is facetiously proposed that Mr. J: A. Froude should interview them, and clear up ? some doubtful points iu tb© domestis history. q pf, Henry Vlil. ? ? .? ? .. * 