CHAPTER XIV. TBS VILLATJE CHAPEL. And ontof those to whom the virion came I My greatest hardly will believe he caw; Another bath beheld it afar off, And leaving human wrongs to right themselves Cares but to pa-s into the silent life; And one bath the vision ace to face. And now hi» chair desires him here in vain, However the; ma; crown him otherwise. -TENNMOM. On biB way baok to the farm Andrew pasted through the Tillage. By this time it was getting dark, for Andrew's interview with the clergyman had been a long one. Be was . musing as to what course he thould take next, when he heard some one speaking to him. : Turning, he saw Henry Yelland, a well-known man m the village. Henry Yelland was a man of many trades, and in spite of the old adage was pretty well master of them all. Anyhow, he made eaoh of them pay him, until, to use the villagers' phrase, he had a " long stocking somewhere." Henry was a farmer, carpenter and general builder, rate collector, and.auctioneer. More over, he was a looal preacher, and was chief man in the little Xethodisb Chapel to which Andrew bad gone. Everyone within * radius offour miles knew Henry, or "Hsnny," as he waB frequently oalled when not present. " And how be'<je likin' thaise parts ?" asked' Henry, when Andrew had returned his salu tation. "Pretty, well," replied Andrew; "I think they might be improved, though." " Do 'ee, now ? Will 'ee oome in an' have a dish ov tay ? and then you can tell me what you main. His invitation suited Andrew. It seemed to open up a way whereby his BOhemes might be realized, and without hesitation he followed the old man into the house. There was no necessity for him to be baok to Trevadlock for tea, as Zaoky aud Bill oould easily do the work there was to do. Henry's purpose for asking Andrew to tea was twofold. First, he wanted* to get the young man to talk about his past life, so that he oould find out the reason of his coming to St. Neot, and the other was to get . him to chapel. It was his own turn to hold forth that evening, and. he had great faith in his power as a persuader. He had never heard oi Andrew as-a "professor," and so i{ . he oould oonvert him'it would be a fine thing; The man of many trades had furnished his : parlour with- a certain degree of oomfort, and bidding Andrew draw up his ohair so the fire, began to ask questions. As may be imagined, Andrew was not to be oaught, and at the end of Henry's questions that gentleman had learnt nothing of the young man's history. On the other hand, however,. Andrew bad managed to get Henry to talk about the people, and to introduoe his ideas aa to their welfare. Bub he soon found he was treading upon dangerous ground. Henry was an em ployer of labour, and was a great opponent to many of Andrew's sohemes. " And what do yoa think ought to bedonel" "he aiked of Andrew, who had been talking of the cheerless lite of the people. The young man told-him pretty muok as he had told the olergyman. He drew a picture of the day-sohool' or Sunday-sohool being turned-into a sort of olub- room, where news papers and means for amusement Bhould be provided, and where ooffee or some innocent drink might be had for a nominal sum. He spokeof arrangements being made with some one in the nearest town whereby mogio- lantern . entertainments, lectures, Ac., might be intro duced, Thesethings, he thought, would lead' i to others, until a different state of things might exist. He spoke earnestly and well, but only a look of dismay settled on hia listener's face. " And whodo yon think is pom' to join, to do oal this ?" he asked at length. "Well," replied Andrew, "I think the . Churches should do it." " What do you mean by Churches?" ? "I mean the two Churobes in the village the Episcopal Church and the Methodist Church. I have been to the olergyman, who refuses to have anything to do with it; bat your Church oould still take it up and-make it a snooesB.'' "Youngman, do you know what you are talkin' about!" " I think I do, pretty well." " What you say is impossible, impossible. ' The ohurch nor the ohapel don't exiBb for that kind of. thing, 'toal." " Pr»y, what do they exist for, then?" , " To save people's souls, young man. To .save them from hell. What did Charles W-esley write 1 . Nothing fa ^orth'-a- though t beneath, Bui. how I may escape the death Which never, never dies. How make mine own election sans, And when I fall on earth;'seoure A mansion ia> the aides!'" This verseformedapart of one of Henry's "sermons, so he repeated it glibly and with 'nnotion. Andrew was silent, but be-oould not refrain from a grim smile. ^ andyou wOn't git MBpMDtt ??VIM- by-'em. So, no, what i»wrtiw»ww«liHm>ptwMmiwl; fldM met-u-tho-pMPw to 'SpeakirMithe YtafocUntrnke the dead. Andbldthe dseperriae, AndbU tile ^ritty.condiM* dread Iba death that una diail'" " I do uaV Know about your revival*," re plied Andrew; "I have never seen one, but what I have- in my mind it certainly not in oonttadiatkHfcto religion- iedeed, it is part of it."' . . . "You're never seed areevival? theaootne to chapel ta- aigfatt.fovwwbei)»tO'h»Te<HM>" "I have no objection, to going to chapel at all," replied Andrew;" indeed I had tboaghfc of dningeo." "A» yon saved V asked Henry, taming suddenly round ontheyoung Iran. " It dspend s on what you m«an by being eared," was the reply. "Savedfrom hull," replied the oldpreacher. > "Icertainly have so intention of going to the place you. mention," replied Andrew; "and besides that, I want to cry and stake this world as much a hearan ai I can." "This worldisnothin', replied Henry; "or rather it is a howlin' wilderases; we walk as it wen in a vain show, As I mentioned jut now, 'Nothin' ia worth a thought beneath. Bat howl-' "You don't believe in that," said Andrew. " I don't believe in it!" said Henry, with ft' Rasp. " Don't believe in it 1" "Certainly you don't. Yon know you don't. If. yon- do, why are yon so anxious to make money f You know there's not a man . in the parish keener at a bargain than yon are. If nothing is worth thinking about down here exoept getting to heaven, why in the world do you epend so mnoh time attending to the affairs of the body }" Henry was fairly nonplussed. He had quoted these lines a hundred times,, never ^winking about their meaning or truth, and now when this young fellow had so coolly told him that bis faith was ae nothing, - he was unable to recover himself for a little time. "Come," continued Andrew, " rdon't want to quarrel with yon about your religion. But of this Z am sore-we both agree at heart that God wants us to be happy while we remain down here. You know that Christ took care . of people's bodies as well as their souls. He fed the hungry, He oured the diseased, He tried to pour some brightness into people's lives. Now I take it that the beat Christian is the man who tries to do what Jesus Christ did. Now just ask yourself, what woaldHe do if He lived here to-day ! Well, I believe He would try and give the people better booses to live in, He would give them comfortable furniture, pictures on their walls, just the same as you have got on youn, only I don't believe He'd paint the oows green and the hordes blue, as yours are. Then, again, I believe He would try to give them some place of meeting other than the publio-bouse. He would- seek to give them other amusements . than those found in the ale-houBe kitchen. Mr. Yelland, if we are Christians, we shall do what Jesus CbriBt wonld do." Henry stared wonderingly at.Andrewduring this long speech. Was this young man mad ? Whoever heard that religion wm to provide clubrooms and means of amusement ? Who ever heard that religion had to do with people's bodies ? What had religion got to do with the bouses of the people? He had always been in the habit of pleaching Only believe, and you shall be saved, And heaven is yours for ever. -- He had thought of trying to get this young man oon verted. Was he sure that he was the better man of the two ? And then he refleoted that works were as but filthy rags, and was comforted. " My dear young man," he said at length, "you are sadly mistaken." " Am I,"replied Andrew; "then 1 should be very glad if you'd put me right." " If you'd seen the glorious revivals we've had up here, you would not talk like you have been doing." "Pve not a word to say against revivals," replied Andrew. " Anything that will stirup these peop!e to- think of things other than those of which they are constantly thinking is good. But what I want to see is the praotioal results of your revivals. I will admit there are a large number of good people in the parish, but I have likewise been amazed by the immorality which exists. You know it ia a fact that the converts of one winter are the baoksliders of the next, and that out of a great number who profess conversion, only a few remain Christian." Henry sighed. This was true. The young man had put his finger on a great weakness. '" And it is no wonder," continued Andrew. " No wonder! How ?" " Because nothing is done for them. Exoept ingone night a fortnight, your Chapel and Bchool-room doors are olosed from Sunday to Sunday, and these people oan go where they like, what wonder, amidst the loneliness of their life, that they seek diversion in ways that lead them astray. "There be the class meetin's, young man." " Do many go to them, pray r'i Henry Bhook his head. "Very few," he muttered, " I went to one," Andrew continued. "Old Amos Crews took me." " You went to a class meetin' ? Aw, yes, I heerd about it," " Well, I don't wonder that young people don't care about going. The leader bad pre pared nothing that would interest or help. , He simply droned out a few wom-out plati ' tudes." " He spoke as the Spirit gave him utterance, young man." Andrew was silent. An answer sprang to hiB Hps, but he did not give utterance to it. It would seem irreverent. " The only power to save is religion, young man," asserted Henry. "I agree with you," replied Andrew, "but it muBt be a real religion-a religion tonohing every phase of life, and fathoming the deepest ] human needB. A religion like you were telling me about in that hymn you quoted-is a carica ture of real religion." Henry would have replied, but he heard bis daughter coming into the house. " Will you use your influence, and get your Churoh to take up this matter?" Andrew . asked. Beeing him hesitate. "No, young man. Our chapel and school ? room was buut as the House of God. I will never consent forit to become a clubroom." Both, churoh and. chapel had refused him, then, for he knew that Henry Yelland was as muoh a master at the ohapel as the Sector was at the' ohurcb. Certainly the leaders of.reli gion were against him. Andrew enjoyed, his tea thoroughly. Cer tainly Henry was a pool' exponent- of his religion, if that religion1 was the one expressed in Charles Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with'good food. A great ham, meat pasties; the remains- of a huge chioken pie, and abundance- of dotted cream were placed on the table, while cakes and tacts-were brought forward in great varieties; Certainly, whatever might be the oonditionof thepou* farm labonrer, Mr. Yelland fared sumptuously every day. After tea the family went to ohapel,.Andrew being placed is Henry!* pew. fie found the plaae .nearly fnJL «ad cnmaal interest w*« mwrifftefl. Andrew Sound that tho^chnroh had baon faying 4o "get up a rsvivaV'*11" 011 this sight they «zj»oted * bunkflovm Among the nnoon verted. , Hawy preaohad A remarkable janoDi .asta otith5s4)OOBMDii a jctflttb ^jffflctL 1 mill not try and reprodao.it. fil did I should be aooased ofirreverence for many -dl hifl state ment* would shook many _ who have new attended* revival meeting in Loamshire. He toot for his text, " The wages of ain is ?death," and spent -his whole powers in trying to tell the meaning of death, whioh in bis oonoeption was a oooBoious eternal torture. He quoted the Method iet oateohiam, whioh aaid that the wicked weald be punished in hell by having their bodies tormented by fire, and their souls by a sense of the wrath of God. He, more over, enlarged on the idea that these torments would last for- ever and ever. And yet the" man who preached this could crack * joke with the best at the right time that -is to say, on holiday oooaBiona, market days, sales, and so on. while he could eat roast beef and plana pudding with a splendid appetite. At length the sermon came to on end, and the prayer .meeting commenced. Now oame the time when the Loamahire charaoter shone out. A great fear, almoBt amounting to a panic, had laid hold of many of the people, who commenced to groan. There was mani fest sinoerity, too, and a serious look settled on their faces; and this was scarcely wonder ful. Fancy, if you can, a place nearly ten miles from a gaalamp, where the people had been taught for long generations to be'ieve in ghosts, apparitions, Satanic visitations, and so forth, and then think of the effect of preach ing /earful doctrines. Moreover, it was a dark night, and some "had to go long dis tances alone. Every bush would be an un-' earthly visitant, every -sound the footstep of the dead. The 'hymns they sang, too, were o&loulated; to arouse every bit of latent super stition in their natures. Andrew listened in wonder. The people did not sing unmusically, but the words were ter rible TVs shall see the Judge descending In that great day. Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet -Shall go sounding throupli the vale. We shall see the graves dl opening In the old churchyard, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, ic. We shall hear the devils howling In that greatday. Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, &c.; These words were set to a weird, creepy kind of music; and as at the close of each verse nearly the whole congregation burst forth with the following refrain Turn, poor sinner, and eecape eternal fire, For you'll have to stand the fire In that great day p Andrew began to feel something of the influ ence of the revival meeting. And yet there were no penitents. The truth was the people were aocustomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted an influ ence many regarded it as a matter of course. As the meeting went on the noise beoame great. One or two commenced to Bhout, three or four prayed at one time, until quiet thought was almost impossible. I will rsqt describe this meeting farther, or I shall, perohanoe, be aocused of dealing flip pantly with a solemn theme. For the same reason I will not relate the conversation which followed -by some of the principal members of the Church. At the same time, if lam totell the story of Andrew Fairfax, I must neces- , ?arily refer to this part of his life. Neither would I be accused of laok of sympathy with religious revivals- nay, I have every belief in them, provided they are genuine. Moreover, there was some-exouse for the kind of meeting I have described. The people weie not very euioeptibleto finer influences. Their very con dition of life had rendered them so sluggish and lethargic that only those influences which appealed to their grosser natures had muoh effect upon them. Andrew, however, did not find the meeting helpfuL To the young man whose surround ings had been different, and whose intellect had been trained, the teaohing and general influenoe were repugnant. So much was this bo that when he was asked about his own spiritual condition, he was led to give expres Bias to some very strong wordB. He told these people that their oonoeption of God and reli gion was opposed to what was best and truest, and that its power would grow less year by year. The young nan lefb the ohapel with a bad name, and it was hinted that anyone holding Buoh opinions as his was sufficient to kill any revival. Andrew went home with a sad heart. He felt aB -though he oould do nothing. The I clergyman had declined to help him. _ The people at the ohapel evidently regarded him as a dangerous yonng man. Meanwhile the villagers dragged out a weary, painful ex istence. They had nothing that gave interest to their !iv«», nothing to refine or ennoble them. As for their future, only a painful old age and the workhouse stared them in the face. It is true that both Ohurch and Chapel ex isted, but what did they do? The former adhered to ancient forms and conventional methods, but it had lost touoh with the people. The great vault-like building was opened only one day a week, and then it was nearly empty. As for the chapel, there were activity and earnestness, but the work done was one-aidfed and inefficient. The people did not seem to realize that the same laws prevailed in the spiritual as in the natural realm, and thus life was without its true joy. They oared a great deal about saving people from hell and getting them to heaven, but as to trying to make this world less like'hell and more like heaven, by bettering the physical and social conditions cf the people, they did not regard that as a part of their religion. For weeks together there was nothing to interest or amuse great numbers, of the people, and thus somehow they lost grip of that whioh was purely emotional. No doubt both Ohapel and Ohurch did an amount of good, but they both lacked that sooial element, that regard for this work-a-day world, -Whereby they oould bave been a great power-forgood. "Oh," -thought Andrew, "if -some broad minded young ourateand some thoroaeh- going mibUtttrooula oome'-tb these places of worship an9 thfin unitedly go to work, what a change' ootil3 'be wrmitfht here l Religion oould be made a thousand limes'moretothemthan Uib now-^btit it o&fittot;'be, I -suppose. What's to be8one,1ihenT fie Mopped « minute in the if a. thontrht had istfuokhim. ""Yes, Til gs/'be Bafiltohimself; "IwilL She paid but little attention to my letter, but if I oan see Tier surely she will listen, even although uhe -thinks I am perforce » farm servant." ' " Is that you, Mr. Tairfax ? " A'man had overtakes him and epoken thus to him. "I'vcbin wanfcih'-to speak to you oal day," he wetit on. "-Mytwo phildren be -very bad ; they're ohooked -up -in the 'throat, and old "BiWIS-cv gived 3ne -noatioe to laive. What I'm to do '1 doMi'ltttaw." 