MORILMD HO ! Icopvntnirr.l . Natures Enchanting O Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATI! A WKSTBVRY. .. ? CHAPTER X. — Continued. _ 'No, sergeant;. Whon I emigrated to Australia, anon ufcer Iho Indian Mutiny. I sold tlie pension for a hundred pounds toady casli to one Iaaiics, a Jow, in Bond Strott, London, by permission o£ tlio \- Horse Guards. In Molbourno I had an idea that I should nuiko a fortune with my small capital, but lo 1 it vanished liko u Will o' tho Wisp.' ' What did you do V' | ' Oh, tho Government provided mo with a billet soon nftorwnrds,'* said flrnill'n. with n nVinrt Imirrlt ' A Innwi ! roan lma but a poor chance for a living outside tho wing of tho Civil Sorvico.' ' You wora in tho Civil Service ? That should havo boon a good thing, com rado.' ' Perhaps ; howovcr, I didn't liko it, and wa.i vory glad to — to roBign,' res ponded tho ox-dragoon, with anothor laugh. 'It was in Victoria I first saw Sir Vim — 1 moan Mr Joeolyn.'- ' Where 1' ' III Viotorin,' nnsworcd tho othor. ' It is something liko fivo yonra ago since Mr Joeolyn loft Molbourno, but I know him again tho moment I saw him last nijjlit.' Tho aorgennt burst into a gruff laugh. ' You had bettor mind what you are at,' he said, after a pause. 'Thero is evidently somo mistako. The J. P. has uevor soen Victoria. Ho camo straight licro from l'ennanco, Cornwall, to super intend tlio Now Venture ^Coal Mino at Grotn Island, of which ho is part ow ner.' Tho tramp staroa at tho sorgOant with just the Bhadow of a doubt in his inind ss to Mr Jojolyn'g identity.' ' Mistakes aro often mado,' lie says, presently, 'audit is just likely I may havo niudon blunder iu this caso. I mean -to be certain about it, if you'll havo tho kindness to show 1110 whero ho is lo bo found.' 'All right, comrade, but let mo warn you to bo careful. Mr Jocelyn is a hard, atom follow, and a magistrate to boot, v ;? ,Cumo with mo to my room, and I'll try und mako yoniitrillo more prcsontablo ; for your interview,' and whcclingsuddeu ly about as if ho had been practising the ' balance stop,' :ho old dragoon led his companion up a narrow stair to a apartment set out after 1I10 mannor of a small barrack-room, and oiitoring liore with tho tramp ho closed tlio door. Sergoant Gunn's caution to his now found comrade with reference to Mr Jocelyn wiib certainly given in good faith, for 110 0110 nama in Wcstland stood so high in public estimation as that of Itulpli ? Jocelyn, .Esq., J.P. ...Besides being a Magistrate ho waa a member of tho Borough Council, and President of tho School Board. No gathering for clinrit ' uble purposes was coinpleto without him, nnd his donation usually headed tho list. Mr Joeolyn, though muoli sought after by tho iSlito of Wcstland, raroly visited his neighbours, (Gloncourt excepted), and in consequence raroly invited anyone to Siradmoro. It might bo said of him that ho was a . . bachelor, and rioh enough to please him ? self in any caprice or whim that I10 fanciod. Ho had a magnificent rosidonco, a posso of servan'a, and u houaokocper who waa devoted to his intoivalB. Be yond these things tho outsido world know, very littlo of Mr Jocolyn'a domestic life. CHAPTER XI. Mil JOCEj.VN, J.l'. ? ? It was fully two hpura beforo the tramp came forth, hia cnitar/ninn transformed out of all recognition; isiivo for his luino nesa, by a rospectiible suit of clothing and highly polialiod boots furnisliod to him by tho aorgoiuit. . .' Clothing does/ not liuikn tho man,' Pftith tho adage, but in this case tho old Baying was wrong. Tlio tailored, limp ing wrotch who had entorod tho sergeant's room, scarcoly anything human iu his rags and dirt and misery, stood horo now a smiling, halo looking man of forty. A ' clean Hhave, with a copious supply of water, and a suit of brown tweed had mudo nil tlio difference in him. At worst he waa not a bad-looking fol low^ Save for au ugly acar, which gave to his mouth a sinister aspect, ho was well-featured, and not by any menus Iho hang dog footpad lie had seemed through tho projiidiond spcctncloa of the lodge korper. Mr Jooi-lyn loclnied 011 a sofa, smoking a vory aromatic oignr when tlio wayfarer was usliorod ^nito . Ins prenoiico. For a moment hosat up and stared at tho figure before linn, Aro you tho ohap that opened the gate hist night/' ' Yes.' . . : I'm glad to seo you havo mado your self piesentablo ; beforo calling 011 me,' roturnod the magistrato with a most gracious smile, 111 which a sneer was hid den. 'Tal-o a seat, my good follow, and tell mo to what lot tuiiato evuntl am in debted. for this visit. .The trump, uots Booming to heed tho v saroiiBlio taunt,,' looked coolly rnuml T about the luxurious' apartment. Thero were one or two vcooy 'Boats at his sido, but the man limped noi-oss tho room to un arm-ehiiii . with a high hack, wliiuh stood by tlio window. :? Seating himself lioro ho had the - luagislrato's face full to tlio lijiht, which wus evidently what the visitor desired. 'it tinl* you, J/)- Jocelyn,' ho says, quietly, but laying peculiar stress upon the two last words., -It's vory lmrd for u Innio.inan like; myself to got about with ... any doyroo of comfort.' 'You aro really lame, my friend,' quoth tlio J.P., 1 looking hard at the tranip.^ ' No'sliummiiig to create sym . pnlliyV Men of 'your, class, aro usually clever rasoalsi who, can adopt the cripple , in all itB phasoK to suit tiino and circum . slnniii-. Why did you come here? Did .; .1 not warn you that beggars wore unwol ? 001110 ?' ,... ' I am not a beggar.' ' Oh, I sop, your begging has dopartod , with your rags. You are 11 gentleman , now, laupposo.- VVell, let 1110 iwk again why you have sought an audience with Mb ? ' 1 Mr Joeolyn turned his look full at his companion as l|o asked tho question, at the Baino time rising to his feet. The tramp looked ut tho man before him and smiled. ' I trust you will lie patient, with a po.ir devil, sir. I came to you to cravo a boon.' 'Of course yoli did ; I know that,'' responds Mr Joeolyn with his merciless sneer. 'What did you do with the crown pii-co I flung you, oh ?' ?'I could not Iind it in the dark j bo Bides, I do not want money,' reiteratod tho ex-dragoon. ' Let mo ropeat I came to you for advico.' Tlio magistrato stared. Ho was be ginning to think that tho man was some poor lunatic brokon from un asylum in tho vicinity. 'Foliow, what can thoro bo between you nnd myself 1' ho suid, sternly. ' What is your namo 1' 'Allan Grango, but bettor known to my friends as No. 9702,' replied tho (ramp, quietly, without so much as look ing at his companion. For just the ghost of-tooc6nd a short, sharp Bpuam of pain or Tear, or somo un 1 Apected surprise caused tho thin lipB to tighten about tho small, glistening teeth of Mr Jocelvn. With a hearty guffaw ho lay back 011 tho sofa tho next moment. ' Egad 1 you'ro a character in your way, Mr Grange,' I10 said. '1 should vory much like to know what you mean by No. !J7G2. Was that your number in the nmdhouso ' No ; it was my number in Pontridgo Stockade Prison, Melbourne, Australia,' said Grange, in the same quiet tono. ' Ah I then you aro a convict at largo, my fine follow,' cried his worship, again showing his teeth. 'That's true. 1 am a convict, and at liberty ; but lawfully bo, mind that 1' ' You moan to say yon aro a discharged prisoner 1' 'I do.' 'Havo you your dischargo with you?' ' I am not bound to answer that ques tion, am I ?' enquired Grango with a ('I'ueor light in his eyes. ' Certainly not, my good follow,' says Mr Jocelyn, soothingly, ' The law has it that a man may not criminate himself ; but unfortunately I happen to bi a magis trate, and my duty will bo to hand you over to Sergeant Jenkins, tho ollicor in chargo of police at Havolock, if you can not prove what you say.' ?' Your worship will not be hard upon a poor dovil ! How if I havo lost my parchment ?' ' In that Ciioe I shall feol it my bouuden duty to send you back to Victoria for identification,' added iho magistrate, with a smile. Tlio train]) shuddered. 'Gud help us I Thoro aro some natures that nothing will change,' lie muttered, nioro to himself than to hia companion. Tho othor hoard, and ropliod in his soft, mocking voice, — 'You aro right, my friend. Tliore aro somo men whom it would bo useless to attempt to reform. Besides, justice domanda that ovory honest man- should bo protected from tho rogue. ' ' Just so,' replied tlio tramp. 'That ia tho creed of your reapectaclo church- 1 goer, tho modern Phiirisoo, who goes hia way rejoicing that I10 ia one of the elect. Tho Lord help any poor wretch who should, ovon by accident, coitio betweon tlio wind of his, or her, saiutsliip'a no-, bility. I any, the Lord pi:y us poor fallon, weak, and sinful ones — wo, whom Christ came to save — pity and shield lis from so-' called Christian love, and tlio ready sym pathy of our kind I' ; - .- r Mr Jocelyn indulged iu a hearty roar - of laughter. ' Egad, my friend, the ollbrta of tho gaol chaplain havo ovidontly uot be thrown away 011 you,' ho said. ' Let me call your attention to the fact that you caiuo horo to seok my advico. Now to business.' ' T'lat'B it; your worship— to busi neBs,' said tho trump, at tlio somo time pulling out uu old nowspaporfrpm un inner I pockot of his: cout, and; opening it out | beforo liiin. i ' You said just now that ' tho honest niun .must bo protected ironi' - the rogue. ; jSWull, it is upon- this ouo ] point I Imvo sought an interview v.-ilh -1 you,' * 1 '? Good I Procood.' I ' What I have to say may appear some-: .1 what struiigo'to it geutlciiiuii like your- I self/.' eon tinned Grange, 11 but- 1 can 1 vouch for the ' truth of it. Somo-yeara ago a. young man iu tlio Civil Service, 1 Victoria; became acquainted with— and I I may iiild, subsequently niarriod— a very I wealthy, widow, Tnis saino widow was 1 old eiiough to ho hor hushand's mother. I She had sous and daughters much older 1 than the inaii who took hor to church, but i that did not signify. Tho young man had 1 not married for love, but money.' 1 ' What was hia namo, friend ?' asked ' the 'magistrate, lighting anothor oigur. 1 'Name — Jocelyn Vui: borough — bettor ? known uitiongst a certain portion of the 1 Melbourne community ub Van. As I was 1 saying, your, worship, Van borough mar ried tho( u idpw for what bIic had, or, moro 1 properly api-iiking, what ho could got from her. On their wedding day sho gavo him a cheque for live thousand pounds to settle certain debts of honor incurred un thu turf.. Soon after his marriage Van uiiulo the acquaintance of two notables, viz., 0110 Hatazki Burjow, a Polo, and an imported turlito— well known ou tho English racecourse— Sydney Ulaek. Tho latter kept a fashionable gaining hell— the roBorfc of all tlio low 1111a vicious of tho city of Molbourno. Amongst such a worthy trio, Mrs Vanborough's coffers undorwont a severo drain. Tho good lady saw, when too lato, to what a soul less wretch sho lmd mated herself, mid ? roBolved to Bavo tho remnant of hor money for hor children. Sho absolutely refused to give hor husband anothor penny. Vantiorough had boon a plump pigeon to pluolc, but under tho guidunce of liia friends ho booaino a hawk in turn. Tho threo 111011 mot iu consultation ono day, and determined that Mrs Van borough-had lived long enough iu this wicked world. It waa well known to the huabund that his wifo li.id mado a will, leaving the bulk of her property to her oldest son. The threo conspirators formed u plan to steal this document, and ropluce it with 0110 in favor of tlio husband. Do you follow 1110 youri worship 1' ' With. both ears, friend.' 'I; need not detail to your worship,' coutiiluod Grungo, 'how tho Pole man aged to got into tho establishment of Mrs Vunborough as cook. This man, although u villain, oxoolled iu tho culinary art. A certain cognac becaino tho instrument by which I10 purposed to effect his ends, for the solo task of tho crime had been on trusted to him. Chemists will tell you that 11 littlo brandy now aud then is a vory oxcellont remedy for many of tho ills that llesh is heir to, but brandy absorbed in ovorything you oat or drink continually becomes a suro and deadly poiBon to tho absorbor, Tlio Polo determined to kill his victim by small doses of brandy. To say by what uioana tho ruliian accom plished his crime (for ho did accomplish it) is beside my purpose. Mrs Vati boiough died, and was buried. When her will was opened it was found that tho whole of her property was loft to hor hus band. without codicil or provioo whatever. Messrs IV'ijew, l!l:ie!-, and V;i nl 1 1 Were iu high feather f rutinie, I 11: ; mm der will out ' Ihoy.-.-iy, mid it . e.nm- ?? i'. in th's case. A clever .voting nieK', who had attended Mrs Vanberoiigli, dis covered aullieieiit evidence to 'arrant an otiqiiirv. The enquiry led to the arrest of the offenders, who were committed for trial. If these lliree men had remained quiet thoy would havo been acquitted hut Sydney Black, while iu gaol, becaino alarmed for his own polvonal s-ilety, and turned Queon's ovidonc.' 'Ah 1 1 see. Riita'/.ki B:iiji-w and tho man Lmdslioroogh, or Vunborough, were hung 1' interrupted tho magistrate. ' Not so, your worship. Tlio Pole died in prison before his trial. Jucclyn Vaiiborougb waa found guilty, aud sen tenced to ton years at the Stockade, 'Pent- ridge.' ' And tho informer Black — Sydney Black I think you said ' Was released, and went his way re-' joicing,' added the tramp, quickly. 'Your story is a strange one, as you remarked just now,' after a long and thoughtful pause, in which ho had men tally measured hia companion as surely as an athlete may guugo tho strength of an adversary. 'Now my good friend, will you toll 1110 what bearing any or either of theso ruffians havo on tho matter ut isaue. ' 'Certainly, yotir worship. ^Jocelyn Vunborough, 0110 of tho three murderers, oscaped from Pentridge, Siptombi r 18—, just live years und two mouths ago.' '? Well ?' ' I know where tho oscaped convict is to bo found at this moment,' said thu trump, tlowly, and looking straight into the oyes of his companion. ' Indeed 1 Stop a moment ; your testimony had better bo taken down in black und white,' und Mr Jocelyn rose up and stretched forth hia bund for the bell-rope. ' As you please, your worship,' said tho tramp. In tho act of ringing tho 'captain paused. ' Perhaps I hud bettor hoar all you liavo to suy, my friend. It may savo time.' CHAPTER XII. FENCING. No groutor contrast could bo found than between thesii two men. Tlio 0110 eager and wutohful as a lynx ; tho othor cold, careless and cyuically indill'eront. ' Better hear what you have to say,' ropeatod Mr Jocelyn. '? After all the wholo bvpinesa may not bo worth investi gating.' ' i our. worship will think differontly by and byo ' said Grunge. ?' Perliups so, my friond ; but first I should liko to know something about yourself. By your own allowing you have only just emorged from I'entridgo. How did you get thoro 1' For stealing a rucehorso, so ray pro Booutors said,' replied tho tramp. 'Of course you did not steal the ani mal, friend. ' . ' No,' said Grange, not appearing to hood (lie sarcasm. . '1 am an old cavalry man— a sort of useless commodity in tho colonics. After a fow ups aiuf dowin I managed to get a billot as lino of tho grooms to Major Weldon, a noted sports man, who at that timo owned some of tlio crack' racorB 'of the day.' ' ' — ? ? ' Do you mean Major Weldon of Pino falls Station.' 'Tho same, sir. The major had his stud at Hawthorn, under tho caro of Harvey Thomas, his truinor. Before that I had been groom to Jocelyn Van borough, und having Bomohow got mixed up with the trial of tli.it gentleman, 'mis much as I was obliged to givo most ugly Bviddiicu against liiin and hia conl'oderutea, tlio trainer hcaitated to omploy 1110. 1 ijot u place, however, and my especial caro wus to watch uud ward a gratid chestnut called tho Cardiuul, whom Thomas wus preparing for the cup. One evening, three woek3 beforo the great race, 1 re ceived a note fi'um the trainer to bring the Cardinal over to Fleinington. I obeyed. On tho road I was besot by three men, who drugged mo from tlio iuddle, and atupitied 1110 with chloroform. Insensible, they convoied mo to an old untenanted house 011 the Syduoy Road ? lio.vond Coburg, whero I was found by, the police two days afterwards. I told my story, but wus disbelieved, and Bent to gaol 011 suspicion of having Bold or niado away with my charge. Whilo I wus in prison tho horso wus found by tho police. This wus uftor tho cup had boon run for. A mail named Dangears, in ivhose possession Cardinal was discovered, sworu that I had sold him tho unimul for ' £30. A witness corroborated this man's ovidenco, aud I, of course, was settled for.' The tramp paused to wipo tho per- . Bpirution from hia ruggod face. . ' My sontenco wus sovon youra on tho roads of tho colony, tho (irst year iu irons,' continued Grange. ' 1 was alono without kith or kin to mourn my degrada tion, so didn't mind much what thoy did with me. By degrees, however, the wholo force of tho damuublo injustice dono to 1110 begun to plague my thoughts. In that lioll-holo, the quarry, und beneath a fierce buii, thoy mado the cripple work with the rest. Many a timo I havo hown with my pick a rough outline in the Bolid granite of the man's face who sworo my nunie and my liberty away, und it lma givon mo a suvago ploaauro hacking it out of all shapo uud likeness of anything human again, as, I swear to you, 1 will do with tho real face of tlio villain who lias plunged mo into such tnisory.' Aloud grunt from Joeolyn, butwhothor of assent or dissent at the Bpoakor's threat 110110 could Bay. 'Iliad not been long iu Pentridgo, your worship, beforo 1 became intimate with my old master, Joeolyn Vunborough. Somehow, by his olovor wuy of rookoning, ho managed to convince me tliut ho had 110 liutid in tho death of liiu wife. Wo were in tho same gang, and, ono day — feeling hid wuy with 1110 cautiously ut lirst — ho proposed a plan for our escape from bondage. Somo of his friends out side, und Mr Vanborough appeared to havo some vory faithful and daring friends, managed to Bocroto tho necessary uppliaucos amongst tho rocks in tho vicinity of tho quarry. Aoting on the advico of Vunborough I Becrotedtho tools about my person, und convoycd them Bafely to my coll. This being accom plished, my friend walked Btraiglitway 10 0110 of the warders and disclosed tlio plot, savo nnd except his Blinre in it. Jocelyn Vunborough wus promoted to an easier life for his — zeal, your worship, whilo I — well, 1 don't remember much of the next twelve months, for I was ut once tukou out of the gladsome sight of the sun into the murky blackness of hell. When I camo forth again, lo 1 tho troa chorous scoundrel hud vanished. II 0 had mado mo tho stopping stono to a moro BUie plan of escape for himself, which he succeeded iu offecting.' 'Ah I I seo my friend. Vunborough, as you call him, was novor captured V' 'No.' . - . 34B , . - 1. ' And linw long is it since ho en -iped ? f: ? nil IVnti ulge ?' ' Between live and six years ago.'. 'Humph-! A man may change cn siiler.ilily ill that timo,' says Mr Joeolyn-, reflectively. 'Jocttlyii VaribuiMtigh will never change iu t his world out of my recognition of liini,' criei tho other, solemnly. ' Fivo years, or twenty-live will make 110 difference to 1110.' ' ' 10 u aay you know where this 1111111 is at -.ho present timo 1' ?' Yes, 1 know.' ' Did you como horo to givo tho infor mation to me because 1 um a magis trate ?' ' That's it, your worship. I want your holp to capturo this man and send him back again to I'entridgo,' responds Gr.ingi', quietly, at tlio same time taking up tlio faded nowspapor before him. ' If you will read this you will find thoro is a rewind ollored fur his recapture.' Mr Jocelyn alretelies forth hia' hand, takes the papor, then riaes and goes to tho window with it. ;C500 Rhwaud. ' Tho above will bo paid over to any ' person who will givo information load ' ing to the capture of Jocelyn Van ' borough, who esc.iped from Pentridgo ' Stockade Pris.m, Victoria, 011 tho 8th ' of November. 18 ? . Description : ' ho:ght, 5ft. lOiu ; fair complexion ; *' oyes, blue ; has a method of half clos ' ing tliein when looking at anything ; 'prominent noso with scat- 011 bridge ; ' mouth, good ; lost ono tooth 011 loft ' upper aide ; about 30 .1 ears of age j ap ' pours younger ; address, gentlemanly, 'information to be forwarded lo tho ' Commissioner of Police, Melbourne.' ' Tlio description ia very minute ?'' says tho captain, glancing .from the paper to his companion. ' Does it' fit tho original ?.' 'Pretty well, I think,' responds the tramp, also rising and confronting his companion. ' Now, I don't want to be personal, but does it not strike your wor ship that cliis description might very well lit yourself ?'' Mr Jocelyn laid down tho paper with out answering tho question. Thero was a largo mirror opposite tho Bpot on which he Btood, and lie stared reflectively into this whilo Grange took up tho faded nows papor. ?'Your worship is nbout live foot ten in ches,' continued the tramp, turning his look from the paragraph to tho magistrate. ' You are fair also, und havo been ex perimenting 011 your complexion with the juico of botol-nut. Do not your oyes and nose tally exactly with those of tho oscaped Vanboi-uiigli '? Ah 1 you smile. Your worship bIiows mo whero you have had the dentist at work on that tooth; wliioh was missing from th-i left uppor aido of your mouth.' Mr -Tocolyu still sjlent, cool, and con fidenl. Hosoomod to havo 110 end of ad miration for himself, as reflected by tho mirror. ' It appears a very strango coincidence that you should bear such u striking re semblance to tho convict, docB it not V says Grango, presently. ' Is there not a danger that soino rascal, tolnplod by the largo reward hero offered, might liavo your worship arrostcd an suspicion of actually being tho priBon breaker.' ' You !' - j ' My friond,' quoth Iho magiatrate, softly, ''you will novor excol in tho urt of diplomacy. Soniohow you liavo. man- aged to deal yourself a very good hand, for, properly Bpouking, I hold 'life simply us u gumo ut cards. But, dear soul, al though you havo cleverly givon unto your nolf u brace of knavos, you hive foolishly allowed 1110 to aeo them. Hryo, you will havo to deal again if you desire 10 win.' ' I understand. To bo forowariled iB to bo foroarmed.' 'Mon in my position nro always fore armed against the clumsy lnachinutiona of your hulf-cruzod impostor, w'jo is either u beggar or a thief, or u combination of both,' responds the magistrate. ' Why not aay boldly that you aro iu need of twenty or fifty pounds, nay, a hundred, for the mattor of that. I 11111 rich, and, when the whim seizes me, I can bu as liberal to tho knavous to tho fool.' 'Joeolyn Vunborough, alum Itilph Jocelyn, Esq., J.P.,' cries Grango, storn ly, ' you are tho mail wanted hero. If you wero as wealthy us Vanderbilt and had tho eolfors of the Amsterdam Jew thrown in, you are only un ox-convict, Who must return from whouco lie came. To 1110 shall bo tho task of seeing you safely housed in that dark deu, to which your lying and perjured confederate con signed me, und which your falsolioarted cruelty und troachory mado doubly wrot clied.' Mr Joeolyn laughed. 'Not quite so fust, friond,' said ho. ' Thoro is 1111 old aayiiig, which advises you to lirat catch tho liaro boforo you out it. Now you are Bitting down to dino whilst tho hare iB in the woods, llah 1 you uro but u. poor muddlor uftor all, Mr 07G2. I have hud a poop iulo your hand, iu return for which you shall soo mine. Here am I, iVlrR. Joeolyn, J.P., rich, honored, uud with a dozen influential friends at my book and oall. Thoro you aro, my man, p .or, needy, u vagabond and gaol bird, without a stivor or a friend to help you. 1 liavo but to touch this bell, uud say this man is a poor, demented creature. I11 his madness I10 imugiuos I um bonio low, ruffianly prison-breaker, whom ho desires to capturo uud send back to gaol. Whew I you aro seized and taken to the mad house u-- Stanton, which, if it so pleases me, shall become ^our living tomb.' Tho poor tramp paled to the chocks, lu an instant I10 saw 1I10 position. _. The man beforo him would bo believed and obeyed without question. lie wua evidently 110 match for Vanborough, iu prisou or out of it. ' Ah, your worBhip, I soo 1 have boou Btrangoly mistaken in aupposing you could possibly be tho ex-convict Vun borough,' cries Grango, readily, und with the confiding smilo of u diplomat. 'Tho miBtuko wua quite natural -like undor tho oircutiiBtaiicos.' 'Humph I 1 don't liko your sudden change of front, my friond,' Buid tho othor, a frown darkening hia faco. 'Look hore. 1 um u man who lias tho power to swoop twenty Buch us you out of my way every day in tho weok. Mark you what I say. Your faco tolls ino that you aro positivo I am Vanborough, tho esoupoo from Pentridgo Stockade. Well, to humor your crotchet. We will supposo I am he. You uro a man who has aeon tho extremo Bido of life. Misery aud pain Dooms to liavo boon your allotted portion. Tell mo, what made you shud der just now when you spoke of tho Stockado ? You, who liavo never had a glimpse of the smooili, easy, shining side oi liio that wealth, and the capacity to en joy it brings.' 'I shuddered because the placu is full of holl's tyrinouts.' — l'o be Continued, M H 8 