N-EiUJD L_ES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hot. Circus. Cricket. Theatre. Port races. "Richelieu." Local option. Pillis's circus. Chinese dishes. A drinkless day. General elections. Imperial Institute. Intercolonial cricket. A youthful criminal. Revengeful villagers. Spangles and sawdust. An incident of the turf. Victoria at the wickets. Sixty pirates massacred. University examinations. A meal of pirates' hearts.' The circus opens to-night. Kaolin at the Proprietary. Walter Bentley as "Richelieu." London licensed victuallers enraged. The latest Chinese dish—Pirates' hearts. An Australian curator for the Imperial In stitute. Water is not a particularly wholesome drink nowadays. The long-promised circus will open at Wake lield-street to-night. Victoria has a slight advantage in the inter colonial cricket matoh. The licensed victuallers of London are going to close their public-houses for one day. A Church of England minister celebrated a marriage at Hergott Springs in a Wesleyan Church. The construction of a channel tunnel between England and Erance is opposed by the English Government. A youthful criminal in London has confessed to being guilty of a murder, and has been sentenced to death. (iLEANIKGS OF HUMOR. " Hamlet" i3 a play for all time. It will never give up the ghost. "Did you know his business had run down " "I supposed so. I heard he was going to wind it up." What is it that is round and sound, and just a pound, and yet does not weigh an ounce 2— . A sovereign. He—"Do you think it possible for a man to love two women?" She—"Not if either of them should find it out." j Clara—"That's an awfully becoming veil you have on." Maude—"What makes you think soClara—" Because it's so thick." She—"I suppose you would have been happier if you had not married me?" He— "Yes, darling, but I wouldn't have known it." Mother—"Willie, don't you know it's very wrong to play with your soldiers on Sunday ?" Willie—"But, mamma, this is the Salvation Army." Old Gentleman—"Does that dog love you, little boy?" Little Boy—"Yer bet be does. If he didn't he knows I'd lick the life out of him." Maud—"Mamma, what is this National party that I read so much about ?' Mamma —"Some vulgar entertainment, I think. No body iu our set is giving it." Mr. Impressionist—" That's my last, there on the easel. Now that is a picture, Squibs!" Squibs—" Yes, I know it's a picture; I can tell that by the frame." Stivetts— "The German investigators are experts in bacillus hunting, aren't they ?" Whiffet — " Well, wouldn't you naturally expect a ger'm man to cholera microbe ?" Little Boy—" I saw you kiss sis, and if you don't give nie lid. I'll tell." Young Man— "Here's the tanner." Little Boy—"Thanks. That makes £1 I've made this season." Briggs—"Isn't that the same suit you had last year?" Griggs—"Yes, and it's the same Buit that you asked me last year if it wasn't the Bame suit that I had the year before." An Irishman walking through a cemetery and reading on a tombstone the inscription, "Here lies a lawyer and a honest man," sagely remarked, "Faith an' there's two in that grave." " What is a plagiarist?"—" A plagiarist is a I genius with an appreciative regard for other people's brilliancy, coupled with a modesty that shrinks from avowing his own wide reading." Railway traveller-" Why, there's no meat in this sandwich." Barmaid—"Oh!" Railway traveller—"Don't you think you'd better give that pack another shuffle, and let me draw again?" Gilbert—" I know a man that seldom gets less than 50 love letters a day." Fanny— "Goodness gracious! Do I know him? Who is it?" Gilbert-^-" Yes, you know him; it's the postman." Mrs. Keene—"There are times when I wish I were a man." Mr. Keene—" For instance ?" Mrs. Keene—"When I pass a milliner's window and think how happy I could make my wife by giving her a new bonnet." "Aren't you afraid of catching Bome terrible disease, doctor, in the practice of your profes sion?" " Oh, no, never. I am well inoculated. Before I went into medicine I was a cricket player. I never could catch anything." Lazy bricklayer (looking through skylight of offices)—"Well, I've been a-looking at them throe clerk chaps for the last hour, and they haven't done a stroke of work. It's a darn shame to rob their employers that way, I sez." Every man should "always write as plainly as he can. Once upon a time a ycung man wrote to a girl, "Your loveliness has inspired me to ask you to become my wife," and she read it "loneliness," and got so everlasting mad that she refused him by return of post. "What do you mean by disturbing me at this hour of the night ?" said a doctor angrily to a darkie who woke him up at three o'clock in the morning. " I jess allowed, boss, dat yer was so busy yer didn't hab time to tend ter poor folks in de daytime, so I 'lowed I'd jess drap into after supper." He—"Believe me, your eyes are blue heavens of delight to me—every sunny tress upon your golden head dearer to me than " She— Un yes, ivir. opoonweu, ouat a an very preoty, but how long is it silica you said the same to some other girl?" He—"No, 'pon my bouI, the last girl had black eyes and hair, y'know." —Fun. Couldn't be an Anarchist.—In a secret Anarchist meeting. Inner Guard (to Head Centre)—"You ordered beer for every one in the room?" Head Centre—"Yes." Inner Guard—"Well, there's a little red-headed man over there in the corner who says he never drinks beer." Head Centre—'"Confusion! We are discovered." The following advertisement is said to have appeared in an American paper:—'"Cholera, cholera, cholera. When the oholera comes prices will be high. Buy your coffin early and avoid the rush. Seize the opportunity and j set a good article, and one that will suit you. j The undersigned has the finest stook of coffins ever offered for sale in this town." The story is told of a schoolmaster who was determined not to discourage his pupils by abrupt corrections. One of the hoys was asked to give the English of the word " niger." '• White," was the prompt reply. " White," answered the schoolmaster; "yes, you mean a sort of grey, a misty color, a dark neutral tint —in fact, black. Yes, quite right; 'niger,' black. Go on, next boy." ' Father—"Your school report is generally good, but you are marked very low in deport ment. Why is that?" Boy—"I always for get and stand on one foot and rest the other on a railing or something when I recite, and teacher marks me for that. I told her I couldn't help it, and she said maybe I inherited it." "Inherited it?" "Yessir. She said that's the way men stand when they are talk ing over a public-house bar." The following stereotyped bub not highly original remarks could be overheard at every step at the races the other day:—She or He "Isn't it bitterly cold?" He or She— "Awful, but not so bad as it was yester day." She or He—" I do hope it won't rain." He or She—"Oh! I think it will keep up." As examples of the brilliant conversational efforts of the educated classes towards the close of the nineteen- h century, the foregoing is a very important specimen. A good story is going the round about a poet who was asked by a stranger, to whom he had just been introduced, who was the poet of the day, the questioner explaining that he had been out of the way of hearing about such things for a few weeks past. "There is but one poet now," was the response; " It is I." On further enquiry it appeared that the poet who thus arrogated to himself an exclusive title had as yet published nothing, but had a book in the press ! Women have a many faults, Men have only two ; There is nothing right they say, And nothing right they do. But if naughty men do nothing right, and never say what's true, c What preciouh fools we women areK To love ttem as we do. Sun—"And that soar, Major. Did you get it during au engagement?1. Hk (absently)—" No; the first week of our toBflptaa*:" 