NED KELLY, THE BUSHRANGER IN ARMOUR. CHAPTER 1. A PLAN TO WIN TWO THOUSAND POUNDS It was on the afternoon of our short- est day, the 24th of June, that I, a mounted trooper of the "Victorian Constabulary, cantered up to the Bunyip Inn at Glenrowan, after a ride of fifty miles, to get supper for myself and a feed for my horse. Now, what we call supper out in Australia you'd call tea at home in old England, for it's partaken of something as early as six o'clock, and in general consists of fried mutton chops or beef- steaks, boiled potatoes, damper cake, and as much tea sweetened with brown sugar as a fellow likes to swill himself with. There's not often milk, but the tea aint spared. Now. if you were Australian instead of English lads you'd be called corn- stalks, and being cornstalks you'd wonder why I, a mounted trooper, should draw rein and put up at the Bunyip inn, where I'd have to pay for all I ate and drank, instead of riding on to the police camp at the other end of the township, where I'd get a good sapper and a shake-down for nothing. Well, then, I may as well tell you first as last that I did so because I was in love with Polly Jones, the landlord's only daughter,, as pretty and proper a lass of eighteen as either the old or the new world could produce. We had been courting for two years and I hadn't seen her for six months, and as I had only two hours to spend at Glenrowan, having made up my mind to press on twenty-five miles further to Galnugah that night, it's no wonder, is it, that I gave preference to the " Buy- yip" over the police camp ? Resigning my charger to Nardoo, the black fellow who performed the united offices of ostler and boots, I stalked into the bash shanty with spurs ringing and sabre clanking, and the next instant bad my dear girl in my arms, which was a treat, I can just tell you, I'd never seen her Iook so pretty before, I thought. She had promised to be slight, but but now she'd filled out as plump as a partridge, and looked just the sort of girl that you feel inclined to go mad over in painted pictures. She didn't seem half so pleased with my appearance as I was with hers. "I'll never let you kiss me again until you've shaved oft that horrid beard, Jack," said she. "I hate all men with beards—they're like beasts." I knew my girl well enough to know that that little speech was a rap for someone else besides me, for Polly's one failing was a trick of talking at people she didn't like. So I just glanced round the parlor, on the threshold of which this little scene had taken place, and there I espied, sitting in an easy-chair with his feet up on another, a tall young chap of about my own age, with a beard on his face that might have been twin brother to mine. He was a far handsomer fellow than your bumble servant. I could see that at a glance, for his features were about as perfect as they could be, and his eyes were as large, dark, and lustrous as those of an Italian. As to his dress, well, there I had the advantage of him, for his bush attire of moleskin pants and gaiters, short jumper jacket, and broad—brimmed cabbage-tree hat couldn't come up to my dark blue, well-fitting uniform, with its silver buttons and shoulder-straps, my jaunty shako with V.M.P. in silver letters on its front, my high, well-polished boots and gleaming sword, scabbard and spurs. I could perceive that he knew well enough who the rap over the knuckles was meant for by the way in which he started and flushed up. But the next instant he laughed it off, and began to chaff. "Hullo, Polly," said he, " so Mr Right has turned up at last, has he? I've wondered once or twice how I came to make no impression. 'Taint often that the female gender are unkind to Tom Mahoney." "You've the vanity to think so at all events," retorted Polly, half snappishly. "Oh, all right—go on. To show you that you haven't quite broken my heart I'll come over and dance at your wedding. When is the happy event to come off ? "Well,'' said I, by no means taking offence at his freedom, for free and easy is the order of the day up in the bush, and give a joke and take a joke esteemed . good manners ; "Well, Mr Mahoney. that depends on circumstances. It's no good to marry a girl until you can make her comfortable, is it? That fortunate time may be as much as two years from the present; but then, if I'm lucky enough to come across Ned Kelly one of these moonlights nights it may not be a month." "Oh," sneered the stranger, "so you're on the look our for Ned Kelly, are you? Well, now, suppose that, out of regard to Miss Polly yonder, and to show that I aren't a bit jealous about her preference to you, I place Ned in your hands?" "Go along with your blarney," said Polly on hearing tins. "I daresay Jack can find the bushranger by his own wits quicker than you could do it for him." "Very well; if you think that, I'm mum. But let me tell you, Miss Jones that shepherds in outlying huts such as mine see far more of those kind of gentry than what you may think. Where are they to get their information from but through us? Or food, when they are hard up, but through us like- wise?" "I think you ought to be ashamed to own it at any rate," said Polly. "Indeed, I don't know why I should be? Needs must when the devil drives. The life of a man posted half-a- dozen miles away from any other human habitation is always at the mercy of such scoundrels, and the bushrangers would make precious short work of him if he refused to do their bidding. Even swell squatters under the influence of terror have sided with bushrangers instead of the police before now." "That's very true," I said, beginning to have some faith in the fellow. "If you can bring me face to face with Ned Kelly I'll consider you a right good fellow. "I want something more than your good opinion. I want a fourth of the reward." "How could I expect otherwise ? Five hundred pounds shall be yours." Directly he began to drive a money bargain I felt that he must be genuine. "Get our friend his supper, Polly," said the stranger. "He hasn't much time to lose, and you may give me another nobbler of rum and a screw of Barret's twist." "Don't believe one word that that man tells you, Jack," said my girl, whilst her face turmed as pale as any ghost's. "Beware of him. Do you heed what I say." "Yes. Polly; but I as yet see no good reason for taking your advice. I mustn't attend to a young girl's whim, you know; and I've my duty to the Queen to think of " answered I. "Perhaps, if you know any harm or evil of me Miss Jones, you'll be good enough to speak it out, fair and above- board, and give me an opportunity of a proving to your young man that you are mistaken. Come, now spout it forth." "I don't know any good or ill ff you, I've not seen you more that half-a- dozen times, but I like neither your ways nor your face. You are not what you seem," replied Polly, in her usual plain- spoken way, for she never minced her words. "Your last accusation is true enough my girl, for I am a gentleman whilst I seem a vagabond. Well, well, misfor- tunes aren't vices. And you, sir ? Are you inclined to place as little faith in me as your sweetheart seems to do?" "No; somehow I believe in you,'' said I, and the words seemed to be wrung from me. No sooner had I uttered them than the stranger smiled somewhat grimly and offered me his hand, which I hesi- tated not to shake heartily. At this moment Polly's father called her away to scold her about something, an event that happened hourly, and the shepherd drew his chair closer to mine. "Ned Kelly and all his gang are to be at my hut at the Five-mile Creek at eleven o'clock to-night," said he in a whisper ; " I've laid in a fine stock of provisions for them, and they're going in for a regular drunk. If we had suffi- cient help we could nab the lot of them while we're about it. I'm anxious to contrive it so, since if we only trapped Ned Kelly, my life wouldn't be worth a moment's purchase at the hands of his companions. Bless you, they'd torture me as well as kill me." "I've no doubt of it. How many troopers are there in Glenrowan?" Five, counting the black-tracker and a foot-constable," was the answer. "I hope there's no sergeant, or he'll take the command out of my hands." "There is sergeant, but he's up at Beechworth with the gold commis- sioner." "Good, then we shall be seven to thirteen, counting you on our side," said I. "Yes," grinned Mahoney, "that'll be the odds; but I'll plant you out of sight, and if you're wise you and your men won't show up until Kelly and his gang are as drunk as pigs. In that way you'll make sure of victory." "All right," I rejoined; "I don't see that there's any need of being squeamish with wild beasts. We will go to the police camp directly I've had my supper," Hardly had I spoken when old Jones brought it in, as well as Mahoney's nob- bler of rum and twist of tobacco. He grunted a good evening to me, for he hated me like poison, thinking that his daughter was quite pretty enough to marry a squatter—a class of men who from our colonial aristocracy. "He's locked her up in her room whilst l'm here," I thought to myself. "Just let me cop fifteen hundred pounds, and I'll see if we can't make a runaway match of it." I made a very good supper despite this, my unpleasant suspicion, for I was as hungry as a hunter, and for one thing I was not sorry that my girl was locked up, for she would have no chance of try- ing to persuade me out of what I was resolved upon, till the thing was done or at all events attempted. I bolted my food as fast as I could, and drank my tea scalding hot, so anxious was I to be off to capture the murderous bushranger, Ned Kelly. "When I breakfast here to-morrow morning," thought I. " Polly will see that my stubbornness, as she deems it, has brought our wedding-day close to hand." Five minutes later Mahoney and I were outside the inn door. "You mustn't take any horses on this expedition," said he, "or they'll betray you, no matter where we hide 'em, Kelly's gang have got two or three mares amongst them, I know, so you may be sure that even muzzling wouldn't keep your stallions silent. Besides, the night will be quite light enough to show up their hoof prints." "Yes," said I, " you're quite right there; and besides what's a tcamp of five miles?" As we turned round a corner into the next street, I glanced back at my girl's "bedroom window, and just as I expected, she was looking out of it. Her face was of an ashen paleness; for her usual roses had given place to the whitest of lilies, and there was a wild look as of terror in her eyes as well. Why what was she doing? Trying to talk to me on her fingers? " Go on," said I to Mahoney ; " I'll overtake you in a second." And then I tried to make out her dumb motions. "H E—he I S—is K E L L Q— Kellq. What on earth could that mean ? Oh, she's only funning at me after, all," and I ran laughing after my companion the good fellow who was to make me rich. (To le continued.) 