CI)c HapuntiaHfrallj TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1893. IAT MEMOBIA M-1892. To-day we have to write the in immariam of tUe year 1892. In many respects the year has been eventful, but .thatj ifc nii^fet^be interjected;,* can be '^aid pf ill-years;. tetie-it -has been erentfiilne*ei^eless,raa3.!tiei^driesbf it will have deep impression upon the minds ot thousands of those who lived through it.; It lias been pregnant with experiences in social and business life which have not been easily surmounted nor will they be soon forgotten. Empty plati tudes are of no use, however. As the world grows older realities appear to increase in number and in sternness. There have been troubles and trials almost innumerable, and it is doubtful whether the world in time of iiational peace has been in such a state of indi vidual disquietude and awe before. Early in January news came of the terrible faaiine in Russia, and a little ' later on distressing tales of the ravages ! of cholera on -the continent, and in other parts of the world diseases of appalling severity have raged, count- j ing their victims in thousands. Iu the old country fell diseases, though not of great epidemic character, have also been busy, and very many prominent men have succumbed. With much sad ness we are reminded that Cardinal Manning, C> H. Spurgeon, the Duke of Clarence, Lord Tennyson, and J. G. Whittier have been hidden by the veil which separates time from eternity* Scores of others who have become kuown the world over, too, have passed away. In our own part of the world the face; of Chief Justice Higinbot hain, who died on Saturday last, Sir John, Hay (President of the Legislative Council of 'New South Wales), Sir John Morphett, Hon. G-. W. Cotton, M.L.C., P. B. Coglin, T. K. Pater, J. G. Knight (GovernmeutResident of the .Northern Territory), amongst others, have passed from view in death. In this district there is mourning over the loss of a number of friends, who, if they had not been known outside the limits of our little world, have at all events been known and highly respected within it From troubles in domestic circles we might well pass to the strained rela tions which have existed throughout the world in industrial circles. Scarcely a month has gone by without the news of strikes. In America desperate struggles have taken place between master and man, and unpre cedented measures have been adopted by both parties for the harsher asser tion of what they claimed to be their rights. The obstinate and ruinous strike at Broken Hill, following closely upon a fruitless, for the men, Btrife at the Moonta mines, is not yet forgotten either by the men or by those who were in any way connected with the Barrier mines, aud the resultant paralysis of trade was of too critical a nature for recovery to come about for many months yet. These strikes and their consequences have been, or should be, an indelible lesson to those who have taken part in them and to those who are of opinion that their only redress or panacea is in them. For the first six or seven months of the year the hearts of pastoralists and farmers, and, sympathetically, those of business men, were at an exceedingly low pulse. Succeeding a poor harvest was an.exceptionally late winter rain. The light yields of feed aud grain for the previous years had forced the reserve supply down until there was little or no feed for stock, and hun dreds of cattle and sheep died from starvation. The outlook was, indeed, disheartening. But, as if in verifica tion of the old maxim that the darkest tour of the night is that immediately preceding dawn, when the heart of man was on the verge of its deepest despondency, Nature came to his rescue, and within a few weeks the worst fears had been dispelled by the fall of bountiful rains. It i is many years since the colony had such a magnificent growth of vegeta- ! tion, and, even if the rough weather of- j a month ago has somewhat blighted j the anticipations which had been j formed of the average wheat yield, j there is every cause for thankfulness in the unusually munificent blessing | which has been bestowed. The year i has not been without shocking | episodes. Fortunately South Aus- ) tralia, with the exception of the i Magill tragedy, in which a man deliberatelyshotacompanion,anda few , minor violent deaths, has been exempt. To Victoria and New South Wales must be extended the credit of fully supplying our requirements in the way of gory reading. For the diabolical kind of his atrocities, Deeming, famed as the Windsor murderer, stands at the head of the list i of murderers of this century, j Compared with his bloody deeds the worst of all others become insignificant. Many of the latter were of horrible detail, and no good will be served by recounliag thetn. So much has been said of Parliament during the year that really Utile remains to be said, and it is doubtful ' whether it has made itself entitled to anything beyond condemnation, which, by the way, it has received in pretty strong terms more than once. A few days before Christmas the last session of the thirteenth Parliament of South Australia closed. Of it may be said, " satis loquenticB, sapientiw parum." Quarrels and talk ivere about all it was noted for, and probably the " Hansard " of no previous Parliament contains so many epithets of the Billingsgate school. Arising out of > this display of passion and virulent i tirade was the proposed Kingston- ; Baker duel, which has made the for- i mer politician cut so ridiculous a j figure in the eyes of the public of all J i the colonies. Apropos of legislation, I the introduction of free education and the reconstruction of school boards of J advice at the beginning of the year ? must not be overlooked. Whatever the success that has accompanied the former, the latter has been a failure. The powers of school boards were at all times absurdly- circumscribed, but ^ they are worse under existing arrange ments. The Petersburg board (we think) found its action so hampered i bj departmental red-tapeism and cramped under the regulations that they, several months ago, sent in their resignations in a body. It these boards are to be of any use, they must have greater power than they at present possess. It is an insult to the gentlemen comprising the boards to practically tell them that they are not to be trusted to deal with matters involving the expenditure of com paratively few pounds. Eventful as the year has been and as gloomy as it has been at times, it has ended with the dawn of a more prosperous period. Strikes have ter minated, and it is hoped with a lesson, that will have due effect in the right direction; Parliament has ceased its labors, and in- a few months electors will have the opportunity of electing men who will do more for the country and less for themselves (which j remark, it should be said, does not j apply to the members for Light) ; the j hay harvest has been good; the wheat ' harvest promises to be one of good average ; and generally things are far more hopeful than at the correspond ing period last year. With all the failings of the pastyear and the vileness which the deeds of some have shown to rankle in the human breast, as a country we have been richly favored in many respects over other parts of the universe, and we should look back upon the year we have just left with a feeling of much satisfaction. May that upon which we have now entered be to all % Prosperous gear. REV. CHARLES SPUBGEON.- The Rev. Charles Spurgeon, eldest son of the late | Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, arrived in the colony j by the R.M.S. Australia on Friday. He has gone to Melbourne. DENTISTBY. - Mr. B. Thomson notifies that he -will be at Mrs. Afford's for consul tation from Saturday evening next till Monday afternoon. SMALLPOX. - The persons who were recently sent from Petersburg to the Quarantine Station are in a satisfactory state. There have been no fresh cases at Petersburg. RECEIVED.-The November number of '' Night and Day," a record of the work of Dr. Barnardo's Homes.-"Jotirnal of the Eoyal Colonial Institute." It contains a paper on "The present conditions and prospects of Western Australia/' by Sir Malcolm Fraser, K.C.M.G.-" The Public Service Review" for December. FELL OUT OF A TRAIN. - Mr. Andrew Thomson's little boy fell out of the train a mile or two below Salisbury on Monday morning. He was standing at the door of the carriage when it opened. When the train was put back the little fellow was found walking on the line towards Salis- bury. His arm was broken and he was badly cut at the back of the head, besides being bruised and much shaken. The little sufferer was attended to by the doctor at Salisbury. Mrs. Thomson was with the child at the time of the accident, and Mr. Thomson, who was telegraphed for, went down to Salisbury by the midday train. NEW TEAR. - With Saturday night terminated the year 1892. The new year was ushered in with old-time ceremonials. "Watch-night" service was held at the Wesleyan Church and at the Salvation j Army Barracks, and as the clock chimed the hour when ghosts are supposed to walk people were about discharging guns, ring ing bells, and with other- discordant means saluting the birth of 1893. Several gates were removed and other little jokes played upon householders, but we have not heard of any damage being done. Sunday was enjoyable as regards weather, the warm sunshine being tempered with a cool breeze. The church services were appropriate to the occasion of the celebration, and the dis courses were of a retrospective and pros pective character. There were no public amusements in Kapundaon Monday except a cricket match on Button Park, but picnics were held at Tarlee, Greenock, and Morgan, which were well attended. i A FIBE.-About ten o'clock on Sunday morning a fire broke out in the right-of way at the rear of Mr. Hancock's store in Mildred-street. The fire brigade was in attendance within four minutes after receiving the call, and the fire was soon extinguished, but not before a trap-shed, stable, chaffcutter, spring- cart, purstye, small quantity of chaff and hay, and five panels of fencing were destroyed. A fine porker-about twelve score pounds in weight-had. a narrow escape. With the proverbial stubbornness of the swine he refused to budge from his fiery envelope, and had to be dragged out, the captain of the Salvation Army kindly performing the office for him. The shedding, which was principally of wood, was uninsured. It was fortunate that an easterly wind was blow ing, otherwise the damage would have been very considerable, as the yard leadiug to , the shop is small aud contains a quantity of lumber. Mr. Hancock, senior, was at the : sheds during the morning, and when lie left in his phaeton for church shortly before ten o'clock there was no sign of fire, and he was not smoking at the time. The origin of the fire is, therefore, unknown, but it is believed to be accidental. This is the first call the new brigade has load, and it dis played a smartness in l-eaching the lire and getting to work that did it credit. There is no wisdom like honesty. A loving heart keeps a gentle tonyrup. To-daj* ouly is your-s. Therefore use it-. 