UHEIEEI AD "ITHXRE1 . o BY Ta Maxc Anrne Tows, Times are very bad. We none of us know what we may come to. One hears of whilom millionaires who are now earning a precari ons livelihood by cleaning windows and digging front gardens, and of company mongers who have been actually forced, by pressure of circumstances, to gain an honest living by doing somethinguseful. Such in stances are very pathetic, particularly those of the latter kind. When you are constantly hearing ol such cases you get inured to anything. Therefore I was not startled speechless when, the other afternoon, coming up Swanston street, I saw Victoria's most milliony millionaire with his nose almost flattened up against a pork butcher's window-quite as near to it, that is, as the brim of his hat would permit gazing musingly at the display of three penny pork pies, black puddings and sausages. He stood onifline and peering there for a minute or two, wondering, no doubt, .chat they tasted like. I half expected to see him go in and buy a pie and nibble it as he pur sues his way down the street. I took such compassion on him that I could scarce restrain myself from offering to effect the purchaseo,-i his pride overcame his appetite, and "go halves." However, he contente:l himself with the very succulent smell that came from the shop, and tore himself away, to go home to his kangaroo tail soup and Canadian ealmon, while I trudged off to eat my humble bread and cheese and bananas. But I shall always claim the opulent Bart. as a fellow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked upon a millionaire as something inaccessible and superhuman; but a being with a stomach that hankers after black pudding and orck vise is omPhatically a man and a brother. If I had been a member of Parliament, I r don't think I could have voted for Air Tren with's minimum wage resolution last week. I don't believe in a minimum wage. I'm a maximum wage man-as maxi mum as yon like. I never had any wage yet that was too maximum for me. If my wage e is to bo" mum ' at all, let it be " mum" in the "max " direction. But I should have e liked to have been in the House on Wednes e day to have enjoyed by participation that 1 exquisite joke of Air Patterson's at which no i, bodylaughed. After Mr Trenwith had spoken a and one or or two more Labor members had \- said ditto to him, the Premier moved the ad. r journment of the debate " in order that e members might have time to consider the a resolution!" The humor of it is rich. The e session is all but over. There isn't a chance r as considerable as the shadow of the ghost of a a microbe, of theresolutioncoming up again. t Mfr Patterson knew thatperfectly well; so he a just moved the adjournment to give members r time to think it "ver,in order that they might r not vote too hastily. It reminds me of Sir a Henry Hawkins's reply to the prisoner who, i after being found guilty, was asked whether he had anything to say as to why sentence should not be passed on him. The r.scal said he should like a little to consider what he had to say. " Oh, certainly," said the distinguished criminal judge, "take plenty of time to consider it - say five years." In one of his poems Lord Byron tells how an Italian lady, when asked by an English woman to describe the duties of a " cavaliere servente," answered, "Madame, I beseech you to suppose them." AnrEnglish girl of the century professes no such ignorance as that of herfair prototype. In "Girls' Gossip " in "Truth," a letter in which " Madge " com mences by describing a corset, and winds up with a recipe for a curry-the writer gives a tolerably clear idea of the modern "tame cat," as the slang of the day calls the " third in the household," the "tertium quid" of Rudyard Kipling. One "smart" young married woman admits that she only " keeps on" with Mr So and So because her husband would think her' dowdy unless she had some one to run about after her. Another has a tiff with her " cavaliere," and absolutely advertises for another as a private secretary, willing to make himself generally useful. The respondentsto her"ad."areneither young enough nor good looking. They don't understand buying bouquets to match dresses, or picking up pet dogs, or acting as courier when travelling, and, above all, they don't understand the art of delicate and in sidious gallantry which in cold climates has a plainer name. "The tamecatsystem,"remarks " Madge," with considerable naivete, " is a curious one, but there is no doubt that it is a recognised instituntion in certain sets." Well, perhaps it is, but it isn't a very healthy outcome of our boasted civilisation. There is an unmanly ice- water, chocolate cream, scented-cigarette sort of flavor about it that doesn't fit well with older-fashioned ideas. The roue of the Restoration, with his swagger of silk and satin, and his per fumed handkerchief nestling in the hand hilt ofhis rapier was of a manlier type. He was ready enough to make love to his neighbor's wife, hut he was just as ready to unsheath that rapier behind Montague House of the husband made himself obtrusively objection able. The "tame cat" is of different order. Should an esclandre come he makes offin a borrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; or, should he bloom into a co-respondent and get east in damages, goes promptly in solvent. He is a poor creature, in many respects a type of an age of sham and stucco, crim.con and chatter, gluttony and gossip a portion of a system for which a lady writer can find no better descriptive term than "curions." The redeeming feature is that in clubs, messes and smoking rooms, in the oricket field or on the football ground. men don't think much of him. He is looked upon as a naixture of dude, masher and lady's maid, with a dash of the harem guard thrown in. Even husbands don't seem to mind him What the woman for whom he trifles away his time thinks of him the Sphynx only knows. "Ihope the charming example ot those costumes to be worn in the comedy of The Amazons won't communicate itself to our womon-folk,"said I to my friend Mr IHen pecked, as we stood peering in a shop win deow at the photograph of Mrs Brough and bliss Gracie Noble, looking bewitching in masculine attire. " It ain't necessary," growled Henpeckeod. " Why, what do you meanuP" 1 gasped, "Surely the Toorak girls are not already - ." "I tell you it ain't necesary," he interrupted; " the women-folk wear 'em now, at least mine do." Poor man. I always said he let Mrs II. have her own way too much when they were first married. 