MA0R1LAND HO! i ? - t cop fright.) N ature s Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY A TEA WESTBORY CHAPTER VIII.— Continued. al man can slide into ruin if lie is bent upon it just as easily as a lad can pass down a smooth, plank after the manner of a monkey. My friends introduced me to a money lender, who, for a considera tion, took my note of hand, and supplied me with what cash I wanted. Luck was : , against me always. It mattered not with . whom I played ; the loans I received . melted away like wax. One day I received a stern, peremptory letter from my father, commanding me to return home. I paid no heed, but went my own wild, Binf ul way to ruin. How did the end come? It seems to me now only as the remembrance of some horrid nightmare when I try to disentangle con fused phantasmagoria. I know I had been drinking heavily — drink in any shape had hitherto been as so much poison to me, but I took it greedily now to still conscience. Prom the feverish deBire to retrieve my losses I had paBBed on to a careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did not trouble how or when it should be paid \- back. It was only when the source .'= stopped — dried up, that the awakening came. I remember it was a dark night in February that! found myself moping v .. all alone in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining the villa at Hawks- nest. I had lost a large sum of money ; ' I do not know how much, and had given a bill at Bight on my father, the General. My mind was a chaos, a conflicting hell, wherein one huge, black shadow stretched its blighting wings between me and the ' stars. The shape was self destruction. YeB, above the walled gloom around, that \- one thought 'took shape like a streak of ! hght in a raven thundercloud. Sitting Sj". here nursing and strengthening the terri ble devil within me, I became aware that I was not alone. Two persons, whom I easily recognised in the darkness as Joce- ' lyn Vanborough and Riah Barjew, en tered arm in arm, and paused within a few feet of me. ' " And so you are really going td-mor- row, Jocelyn," she said, in low trembling accents. Must it really be to-mor- . ' row ? ' " Really to-'morrow,. dear Riah," he replied, releasing his arm and folding her to his bosom. V I have been away seven moiitliB, four weeks longer than my term of leave.' V Well, I suppose it must be so," she said ; 44 but 1 will follow you . to Mel- bourne, Jocelyn,. I'm determined." "What! leave your devoted swain, v- Mr Ash ford, to mourn your absence," ho cried with mock solemnity. I saw Riah Barjew, draw herself from his embrace, and straighten her figure to v its full height. 44 No more of. this .nonsense," she cried, -v stamping her little fpot in sudden passion. 44 WhHt have I to do with such a foolish i feaiher- bram as this boy. Do you think it possible that 1, the daughter of Ratazki , Barjew, swindler, rakeliell, the polished ' rock of society, could entertain one seri- j ous thought on' such a green-headed fool, save for the purposes for which we use such as he. Bah! the hawk and the dove cannot mate." " Forgive mc, Riah ; I did but jest," ' he cried, again enfolding her. "Why not come with me to Melbourne ?" " Ah, why not ?" she answered, in a voice that shook with strong emotion. . 44 You have all that a wornau such as I can give you— love. In it you have a talisman, which makes me your willing >/ slave, Jocelyn, for ever. Take me where 'you will ; but beware you deceive me.not. I am of that disposition which does not . submit to wrong tamely". He led her out with soothing words, ; his arm round her waist. I have no idea how long I sat in that retreat. Motion, feeling, life itself seemed suspended within me. The cup of bitterness was full and overflowing. If I had not been held spellbound with amazement- J would have struck this woman dead at the feet of her paramour. I had no power to back the strong will. Like the somnambulist who retires to his soft couch and wakes up to find himself on some dangerous peak or chasm, I found myself at that moment when the scales fell from my eyes. In on6 single moment of time a man may experience that which crowds itself into a lifetime. As I write now , after ' those yearB, the old horror comes back to me, and I have to lay down my pen until ithaspassed. Christ, pity and strengthen all those who are weak and are tempted. ' That one shadow / which I hugged in my dark hour still pointed the way to me, and I followed it. It pointed to a re volver hung over the fireplace in my bed room at Glencourt. It was still night when I reached home. I had not been v there for months, nor had I answered : the many letters sent tome, I reached my room stealthily, took down the weapon, loaded it carefully, and liid it in my bosom. Ab 1 crept cautiously along the corridor, on my way out of the house, a door opened suddenly, and the General . stood before me. 44 So," said he, sternly, " it is you ! Temple Ashford, rogue, gambler, thief, 1 crawling into ray house like a burglar in the dead of night 1 You whom I have loved, and who I imagined would preserve the honor of an old and nntarnished name, have blackened and dragged it through the mire. Begone, wretch ! You are no longer a son of mine ! Hence ! before I kill you. Strip yourself of that which you are not worthy to bear — my name — and never let me look upon you again — go." Without a word I obeyed, still follow ing the shadow that led me, I walked on- >.; ward fulLofc-qne thought. Dawn came,- „ ancth.ejdrew _ on, and /when evening jself same shape; of destruction had me' thoroughly in its grasp. It seemed to < Knock at life with its sharp agonies, and pointed the' way out of it. A spasm, and "vft \»aa done../ pointed the weapon- at- my hearLvenio! another shadow came »etw£en me ahd the tempter, and stayed : jgsfltnnablepurpose. The shadow and . Wm andJeriSitancB \- upon i >- taring eytfc ' . Grasping the revolver she wrenched it from my hand, and threw it into the deep waters at our feet. Then she spoke. " Foolish boy.. Would you kill your soul as well as your body," she said. " Who are you ?" " A woman whose years fit her for your mother, and whose sufferings out balance yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth," she cried. " I have seen you with the villains in yonder den, and I watched you, for I saw that it would come to this in the end." The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly, — 41 Enough madam ; leave me to myself. A wretch such aB I is not fit to live." " Hush," pleaded the soft voice ; "pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers by which we are purged of folly and sin. I, like you, have seen the black gulf, out of which came a devil to lure me to per dition. I had a treasure on which my whole'heart waB fixed. Mihe was a proud heart ; and the treasure was taken from me, so that I might see the beauty of humility." " Who are you ?" " I am Elsie Black. God help me. Night after night, while full of another purpose, I have watched you going head long yonder whither villains led you ; and while I watched, to me came the thought that if I could only lead you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bless my effort, and restore my treasure to me." I cannot say how the fiend went out of me at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to speak to me from the world of spirits, and my heart was melted, the dread Bhape- exorcised. , , . Mrs Black took me to her house. Here the strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fever, through which I waB carefully nursed by my noble hostess and her servant. With health and strength came the resolve to atone for my past wickedness. No mote Temple Ashford, but Temple Vane. Vane, the maiden name of my poor dead mother, should be mine until I had redeemed myself — until I had paid back the money I had lost at Hawks- uest. And now a gleam of light falls softly on me as I pen these words. Mrs Black, my benefactress, is here beneath the same roof with me, but she does not recognise me in the altered conditions of my life. I saw her kind eyes grow dim to-night, and turn thoughtfully my way as they sang,— - 44 Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; He will better grow and stronger' Father dear." Have I grown better and stronger through those long, long years of lonely exile ? Am I Btrong enough to say, 44 1 will arise and go to my Father ! With my Heavenly Father's blessing I will." CHAPTER IS. AN OLD FACE WITH A NEW MASK. It is night — a night that does not pre sent itself many times during the summer season in Maoriland. The moonlight glimmere on rock and- chasm, on tree and' Bhrub, and on the wide, dusty Great South road leading to Otago. With the privilege of the novelist we muBt leave . those of our characters at Pinefalls under, the tender care and hos pitality of Major Weldon and his family while we draw aside the curtain, and re veal some others who have prominent parts in this serio-comedy of actual life. Across the uplands and the rugged slopes, shimmering under the moon's rays, long shadows lie, mingled with a pale, flitting light, which shifts from ridge to ridge, and then iB gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the western ridge, bearing sea ward, and fully twenty miles distant, t he lights of Tauranga are clearly discern- ible. Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, the shadows of thick forests stretch, like black garments, awaiting the magic touch of the sun to change them into the green and golden glory of New Zealand foliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in the night, flicker and shine the many lights of a large mansion, and from whose open windows there comes at fitful times the faint echo of music, which reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied and waited long. As if in obedience to the mournful call, limping slowly within its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of moonlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, and the pale face above it, bathed in the wan glimmer, had a weird, unearth ly look. Again a soft refrain rushed across the kauri trees and into the highway, where the vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered. He started as though a living voice had called him by name. 44 1 am coming — coming," he said, hur riedly. Then muttering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to rest him self. He had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feet when a sharp voice called out, — 44 Halloa, man ! do you want to be run over ? Get out of the way ; my horse evidently does not like you." The tramp rose slowly, but kept in the Shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabouts grew taller than the fence. From his vantage ground he scanned the well-ap pointed vehicle of the newcomer, his high stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which the moonlight fell with a cold glitter. "Look here my man," he cried, 44 there's va gate about here somewhere; find it for me, and hold it open, and there's half-a-crown for your trouble." 44 1 know nothing about your gates ; I'm a stranger here," cried the other, roughly. 41 A stranger, eh ? Never mind, you have eyes, and know a gate when you see one," responded he in the trap, trying to soothe his horse, which wa3 becoming restive. 44 1 know nothing about it," muttered the man on foot, shrinking further back into the ring of gloom shrouding him. Ana ppiang oiilb'/frdiu the.other. ... get' down ?" trouble you if this brute waB at all man ageable. My groom — confound him — has missed me somehow." — -Qtjthsappeal, J>r thataunhaennmpany- ing it,, but something - irFthe voice of the speaker caused the weary and ragged sun downer to emerge from his obscurity into jthe fu, light_o£ ther|_mqflxt. Ha-iook 44 Well! will you find thp gate for me ?" asked the other, without deigning to notice the rudeness. 14 Yes. Where is it ; which side of the road ?" 44 To the left, near yonder log.'' The gate was opened, and, with hat slouched over his eyes, the wanderer stood holding it as the handsome dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away the vehicle was pulled up suddenly. 44 Thank you ! here's your money," he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coin. 44 What place is this ?" asked the tramp, 44 Glencouit, and this road is a short cut to it," replied the other. 44 Shut the gate, and put yourself on the other side of it, my man. There are auy amount of fierce dogs at Glencourt, and they are by no means partial to trainp3." 44 Is that Glencourt away yonder, with all the lights gleaming through tho win dows queried the tatterdemalion. "That's it. There's a ball there to-nighe and I'm late, so must say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, better do bo to-morrow. You'll get nothing to night." Whistling a snatch from some opera ho drives on, the dust of his wheels flying back in the face of the man holding the gate. There is a queer look on that same face as he closes tho gate with a sharp snap, as if it had been the terrible jaws of some sea monster closing on its prey. The man does not even look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path the other has gone. It is a broad carriage drive, lined, on either side with noble kauri pines, but it haa many zig-zag windings. From tree to tree, keeping still in the gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of the long avenue brings him in view of the house. It is a large structure, the ground be ing open about it. He can see the great gates of the lodge, and the lodge itself ablaze with light, and the road leading to it crowded with carriages. The place is fully a mile distant, Nbut all the surroundings are plainly dis cernible. Beyond the mansion, on th9 opposite side of the hedge, there is a long shrubber3T, like an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lanterns and other parti-colored lights. From this there floats upon the ears of the wayfarer, laughter, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of Boft music. 44 What a devil of a strange world chia ib," mutters the tramp, talking and look ing wistfully before him. 44 Here have I been two whole days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yonder the people are surfeited with dainties. I wonder what they would say if I pre sented myself, and begged a good square meal ? Bah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yet, and can wait. Patience is a virtue, and, ecod ! it is the only virtue left to me, since no other al ternative has been left to me but to prac tice it." He looks abour, and . finding a soft couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wide spreading pine, seats himself thereon, with something like a groan of pain. 44 I'll stay here till morning," he con tinued in the same muttering tone, as if that kind of self colloquy was habitual to him. 44 There's the dog-star only a yard high. It can't be far off daylight. Ah ! it's a good thing for a man who hasn't the time of day in his fob to know some thing of the stars. How many long hours of the night, which if they could be totted up would go into years, have I watched them from between the bars of my cell at Pentridge They have seemed to me just like a man's life — rising — soaring — falling — then gone from sight alto gether." His reflections seem to bring another train of thought. 44 1 had hoped chat the terrible picture of my old life had gone for ever from my memory," he says, presently. "The face of tHis man brings back the ugly dream in all its stern reality. Why should I think of my Bufferings in that dre;:<\- ?ul, earthly hell — Pentridge? Why ? That man brought memories that formed the connecting link. Huinph! Jocelyn Vanborougli, if that was not your voice, it was that of your ghost. Let me think. N And he lav back at full length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands clasped firmly round his head. In fitful gusts the early morning breeze brought the strains of the far-off music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. Whatever might be the subject of his thoughts it took bira a long timo to think the matter out. The stars had begun to pale, giving place to the 'purple blush of dawn ere he moved ; when he rose, how ever, there was a settled, fixed purpose in his eyes,- and in every line ol his rugged face. 44 I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," he cried, as. he bent his steps to wards Glencourt." CHAPTER X. SERGEANT GUNN. Nestling amid some of the most bold and romantic hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glencourt stood pre-eminent among the few places in the province of Westland as the seat of Major General Ashford. The drives around the estate are charm- ming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side of the building the landscape had a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of ex quisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these the waters of the South Pacific Ocean. The house and grounds have cost their owner large sums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part the old officer is of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt oc casionally, and does it with a skill be fitting one of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. The morning is gloriously fine, and es pecially so around Glencourt, the tatter demalion thinks, as he wends his way to wards the lodge. In the broad, glare of day he looks the most wretched hang-dog thief that ever left the precincts of a prison gate. 'The burly, well-fed lodgekeeper, stand ing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. 44 Now then, my man, what is it ?" he cries. "If you've come for: money this is Ihwro|lg shop ; but if yojjxwants a feed w! yoji?> wittleB Heifev Wd' 'does-a iob o' work for it afterwards." 44 1 neither want money nnr food at your hands," - answered the mas, gruffly, M -tha_saixi&_ time surveying the portly flunkey With contempt. "Oh, you don't want money, 'eh? Pray, what do, you want, then ?" : cried iii. rri i </ 44 Ah, indeed. Here's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to leeture on eti quette," cried the lodgekeeper, in sar castic tones. Then changing to sudden passion he said, hoarsely, 44 Curse you for a battered, moulty, gutter-chick ; what's your husineBB 1" 44 1 wish to see Mr J. Yanborough ?" 44 Of course you do — or the man in the moon — or any other improbable person age. Now, who's Mr J. Yanborough 1" 44 A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog cart — came lato, and by the short cut aloug the ravine yonder." The lodgekeeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rags before him more attentively. 44 Mr Jocelyn drives a dog cart, and is at the hall ; but I know of no J. Yan borough who visits here," said he. 41 1 may have been mistaken in the name of the gentleman," replied the man. 44 Mr Jocelyn arrived by this road about eleren o'clock ?" 44 Just about that hour." 44 If, as you say, he is at the hall, be good enough to convey a message to him from me." 44 What message ?" 44 Tell him the man who opened the gate for him last night wishes to speak to him on important businesB." The keeper of the lodge, placing his fat thumb to hia rubioand nose with a knowing look, said, — 44 No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Slowcome. I have no doubt but what you are one of a gang of bushrangers come to rob the place." The tramp laughed. 44 Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue than himself," he said. 44 If you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other means of communica tion. Goud day to you." 44 Stop a minute. What is your name, friend ?" enquired the lodgekeeper, see ing that the tramp was moving away the road he had come. The other reflected a moment. 41 If you are inclined to take my mes sage, no name will be required." 44 Yes, but Mr Jocelyn may have for gotten all about your service laBt night," 4 True ! If he has, I am content to depart without an audience." 44 Very well ; stay where you are. I'll send and see if Mr J dcelyn will receive you." He went within the lodge, and present ly a youth in buttons came forth and crossed the lawn. Within five minutes he returned with a request that the tramp be admitted. 44 Good luck, my friend ; you're but a poor, seedy devil at best," Bays the keeper,' opening his lodge gate. Take care Mr Jocelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains." Without deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disdain at the Bpeaker, the man of tatters passed through with his limping gait, and fol lowing his conductor, entered the grand mansion. There are so many grand rooms and corridors and passages to be passed through ere shev reach the wing in which the captain is located that a change of conductors iB necessary. An old grey headed personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and attired in the undreBS uni form of a dragoon, comes forward to re lieve the page. 44 Who is this man ?" he asks. 44 A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sergeant," answers the boy. ' Good ! Right-about-face, my lad. March !" cried the sergeant, as if the page had been a squad on parade drill, and the boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The sergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military step ; then turning to the new-comer, surveys him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. 44 You've been in the wars, comrade," he says, holding his head on one side and pursing up his mouth. 44 Wars ?" echoed the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him. 44 Why, yeB ; I reckon I've Been service, Sergeant Gunn." At the sound of his name the old fel low drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. 44 What, you know me ?" lie cried. 44 1 do, certainly," answers the tramp. 44 Tom Gunn, otherwise the slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards ere he was selected orderly to Colonel — now General Ashford." 44 Swords aad pistols ! Who are you ?" cried the veteran when his surprise en abled him to speak. 44 Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7tb — that's all." 44 Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. 44 1 knew every man- in the corps, from Sergeant Major Halsom to Bates, the trumpeter. 44 Can you remember my face." 44 No," said the old fellow, after a cloBe scrutiny of the other's features. 44 1 have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after 1 left it." . 44 Not so." replied the tramp, with a peculiar smile. 44 1 was saddle to saddle with poor Major Denby .when he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaclava ; and I reinemher when the melee was over binding up a certain corporal's hand who had the misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingerB attached. Stretch forth your hand, sergeant, and let me look at it." The veteran laughed. 44 Here it is," quoth he, 44 or at least what the Russians left of it. You're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was the man who ripped the sleeve lining out of his coat to bind up ray maimed hand." 44 1 am that unfortunate fellow.!' 44 You!" 44 1, Sergeant Gunn." 44 Why, Grange was bub a boy at that time, and you — you look fifty or more." 44 1 have had enough hardship to make me look twice fifty," returned the tramp. 44 Do you recollect the 27th of August, 1857." 44 That was the day of the attack on Dolhi." 44 Correct. Ontu&veniffij; of that day Sergeant Gnnht-'..withiteneh.-. party, I'oundopeofhiaieg of.dead/SppyisTe'jiMllMioMliii to shattered his | ' Aii, 1 see you'n the man,' intor- j Tupfi.d the sergeant in a more "kindly j vo«e. 4 Yon were lamed for life." j 44 !V -iie. ' echoed theorist. " 7- | 'id with a small petition and tbiu . litm-j" «ud he hobbled three pae« -ale''- - the 'weIi'oi<rpiit«-;l corridoi and bftck 