A DEAD WVITNESS. BY ALICE 31AUD ME tDOWS. Authorof *The omanrce ofa 3tad- house.' " The Sins of the World,' A woman with aSeret,' k. CHAPTER V.--(COxTISUD. Jasper reached forward and took his brother's stick-the action was merely mechanicaL I am Sir Beverley Le Strange, he went on; have' a great estate, and money. A woman might, perhaps, take me for whet I have, and then I ":could make her love me. It is strange that I should have met this woman whom I feel that Lcould love, so soon. To morrow, Jasper, you must introduce me to her-to your friends. It is too late to-night. Yes, Jasper said ; it is too late to night. lHe was thinking-thinking hard not so much of the title and estates which he would lose, but of Merry. His brother promised him the half of what he had made in fifteen years the half would probably be a thousand or two. Had it been much he would not have promised him half, and he would rob him of everything else. Mrs. Ford would never force her daughter into a marriage with him if he had nothing. Why should abe] lie would lose her. I would rather die, he said; to him self. I would ratlhrtdie .a hundred deaths. I will not lose her-I will .not. I think Ill go to bed now, Jasper, Beverley said; one glass of wine to -gether, brother. Thank God for letting us see each other again-thank God that you are well and hearty. He poured out the wine, and the two men drank. And I pledge you my word that you shall have the half of all I have made, Beverley said; the rest shall help to buy pretty things for the fairy. You are in the blue room, I suppose, Jasper I Yes, he said; but you will go there to-night of course. His face was looking pale and drawn now. He would rob me of everything everything, he said to himself, wife, title, home-everything, Then I'll go to bed now. Come with me, Jlper-share the room with me, deir old fellow, as we used to as boys. He turned his face towards Jasper for a moment, a smile in his eyes, then he walked towards the door. He had nearly reached it-his hand was almost on the handle, ihen a devil's whisper seemed to come to .Jasper. He lifted the stick, and brought the heavy metal end with a deadly blow on his brother's head. There was a sickening, crush ing sound, a horrible thud, and without a cry Beverley Le Strange dropped to the floor. Jasper stepped over the body, turned the key in the lock, then stood trembling and looking down at the wreck he had made of what a moment ago had been a man-his brother. He was quite dead. It struck Jasper as strange that a man could be living one moment in full.health and strength, and the next quite dead. ie felt no sorrow at what he had done-only a strange awe that he should have done it, and done it so easily. He stooped close over his brother; blood had trickled through his thick hair, and was running down his face-but a very little. He wondered whether anyone had heard his brother fall. He waited or a moment to see if anyone would come, but all was quite silent-no one had hea.rd. What shall I do with him I he said, half aloud. I must get him away; but how; and it must be thought that he went from here after Merry saw him come, and Sir Peter saw him. He looked round the study. He knew every nook and corner of it by heart, but he wanted now what he had 4 never wanted before, a hiding-place for a dead body-a dead brother. The cupboard ! he said. Of course the cupboard. He went to the table, and taking I glass after glass drank all the wine there was in the decanter; then with a shudder he approached his brother once i more, took himn by the arms, dragged him to the cupbosard forced his body ] in, shlat it, and locked it. Next he again crossed the room, un locked the door, and looked up and down the hall. No one was about. a Iie could hear the sound of talking and laughing in the billiard room. He went to the door and opened it noisily. Good night ! hie said, loudly. Good night! Come to-morrow if you can. Sary you onar't stop. Good- night. HIe turn'edl ton shlat the door, and found Sir Peter almost at his elbow. To whom are you saying good-nightl I he asked. That fellow from Australia. He has just gone. 1 Sir Peter moved forward as he said, a So poor Beverley isreally dead I A little shudder went through \- Jasper. . 1 Yes, really dead, he said, really dead l Poor Beverley! Sir Peter said. What a dsar fellow he was ! So good, I so generous. Come into the study,-t Jasper, and tell me all shabout it. No, no; not to night. Is au too upset to-night. I would rather not talkr about it. His death was painful-I very painful !i You have all my sympathy, Jasper. Sir P'eter said. Tell me about it when you choose. He took Sir Jasper's hand gripped it tightly, silently. This is how men c show their sympathy. n Go to bed, Jasper, he said; go to a bed. Good night. a Jasper went up to his bedroom. His e brother was dead, out of the way, so far as the succession was concerned. I But what was he to do with his body b Ie must get rid of that; he must as hide it securely. If it were ever found the crime would probably be traced to to him. MIerry and Sir Peter could d both describe the man who had called upon him. Every one at the station I and on the road to the Castle would have noticed him. Few Englishmen grow every vestige of hair that they it can, as the Clonials do-he was notice able at once, if only for that. t He sat down in his dressing-room, I thinking and wondering how he could I get rid of the body. st Unless I can hide the body, he said; d hide it so that it will never be found, S lam not safe-not safe at all. is He thought of hiding after hiding place, but in everyone there seemed a m chance that the body might be found. u If it was as easy to get rid of a body as to take a life, he said to himself, there would be more murders con mitted than there are. Soddenly his eyes fell upon his razors Sin the case upon the dining-table, and Merry's words camae back to him. I daresay he would look quite dif ferent without all that beard and whiskers. Y That's it, he said ; that is the way out of the difficulty. No oqe will know him Sthen; but have I the nerve 1 It will be d horrible, horrible? But I will do it. He took up the razors and went down Sthe stairs once miore. The lights in e the billiard-room had been turned out: his guests had gone to bed. He enter ed the study and locked the door, Spoured out a glass of brandy and drank Sit off. The lamp had burnt a little low ; he turned it up, then, shuddering and trembling, lie unlocked the cupboard. His brother lay there, huddled up ; r he pulled him out and stretched him Supon the floor, put the lamp down beside him, then took the razor in his \- hand. SThe blue eyes looked up at him Ssmilingly; he felt sick and faint, but necessity conquered his weakness. .Be took the dead head upon his knee, cut Saway the beard and whiskers with a Spair of scissors ; then, with a firm hand, I shaed te corpse. In an hour it was done. The face -that had been covered with hair was Sclean shaven ; the hair of the head was I cropped close, and in the centre of the crown there was' a bare shaved patch. An hour ago the dead mail had looked like a Colonial, now he looked liked a dead priest. No one-no one in the world-could have recognised him as the same man. After awhile Jasper had no horror of his business. It was necessary. SWhen it was done he gathered up the hair, and threw it in the firepalce over some burningpaper, then he turned out Sthe dead man's pocket, and looked at his linen to see that there was no name marked upon it. If he could get him out of the house he was quite safe. I will pt him where he must be found, he said. No one will recognise him ; he will be buried as a stranger in these parts-as a poor, unknown murdered priest. He opened the French window of his study, and looked out. The snow was falling a little more quietly, dark clouds had come between the earth and the moon ; nature seemed to have entered into league with the murderer. He went out into the grounds, and looked up at the windows. Lights 5 shone from all the rooms that were occupied. He was glad of it. Even it anyone should look out to see what sort of a night it was, peering a from the light into the darkness they could not distinguish anything. Had the gas been turned out in any room there would have been more danger. He looked up at Merry's window I end whispered hbr name; then he re entered the house, knelt down caught his brother's arms, and dragged them r one over each shoulder; then he rose slowly, and with difficulty went ont into the falling snow and the darkness of night, across the lawn, past the summer house. Leo and Merry were - there-had been there what had seemed but a moment; what must have been an hour or more. The young'man had taken the ring from the girls finger and ground it out of shape undei" his foot, J and made her swear most solemnly to t be true to him. Now they 'ere say ing good-night; but, oh ! ?iod-night d takes so long to say when young folk love. I must go, she said, Leo, I must go. Brooks will be frightened out of his life. I must have been here half an hour. Five minutes, he said; not more but you shall go, darling, only-what is that I Hush !-some one is coming. i They drew back. Something-some- I one.passed the window of the summer- C house- some horrible creature that seemed to have two' heads. The idon F was just coming from behind a cloud, and shone faintly. Merry scarcely kept a scream from her lips, and clung trembling to her lover. It was a ghost, she whispered, when it had gone. Oh, Leo-Leo-you must take me back. I could not go alone, Leo. Did ever you see anything so horrible I Hush, dear! hush, he said, trembling a little himself. I will takeyou back, of course; but promise first. dear promise that you will be true. Yes, yes, she said. Oh, Leo, Leo, I am so frightened. He almost lifted her, hurried across the lawn kissed her ihurrietdly, and saw Brooks let her in. Then he turiied away again. . What could it have been I he said to himself. What could - it have been 1 Great Heavens, here it is again. He drew behind a tree. The shadow t passed him once more, going more - swiftly, and this time it had' but one - head. " At three o'clock the snow still fell, but the moon shone brilliantly. The whole world seemed silent. Nature holding her breath. And then the sound of a faint, ho riied cry broke thesilence. Through the snow which came thick upon the word, a boy came staggering, stumbling up the steps that led to the drawing room window, and disappeared into I' the Castle. CHAPTER VI. Who believes in singeing the hair to make it gruw i Mrs. Elliott said, the next morning at breakfast time; be cause whoever it is I wish they would J not do it at night. I never smelt such a horrible smell of burning hair before, - and the whole house seems saturated with it this morning. | Was it burning hair t Sir Peter said. I tl:ought the whole house was on fire, but it was too cold to go down and see. Mft . Elliott looked indignant. T( VW might all have been burned to death, for all you cared, she said. 1 kn2w you were safe, he answered. W Ice won't burn, you know. But it will melt. Will it 1 he asked. I wish it would in your case. W Merry and Jasper looked pale, and took little part in the conversation. Mrs. Ford made. no comments upon her daughter's appearance. She knew A! she was pining for her lover, and deemed it best to take no notice of it. She wi'L soon get over that when she is married-she said to herself. Do you expect the Bushranger this morning, Jasper I Sir Peter said, you F must introduce him to us. Jasper turned a little pale. I hope he will come, he said. I expect some boxes and things cf my poor brother's, too. It will be painful looking through them. He never married I Mrs. Elliott asked. No, Jasper answered. (To ie continued.) 