A Wife's Discovery. * Come to me, Robert, if you ever loved me in the old days, when we were so happy together in the quiet home that I shall never see again. Ah, if I never left it-r-or you! You loved me best, after ¡all j but, then, I did not believe it. ' And the child, Robert. He bears your name, and he has your eyes, your smile ! For the sake of the child, at least, come to me, for I am dying, and I must leave him in your care. Your unhappy 'ELOISE.* This was the note, written in a faint and faltering hand-a woman's hand, mind you!-the note that pretty little Mrs. Robert Strong picked up off tho carpet of her- drawing-room, where it had been dropped by her husband in his hasty pas sage toward the hall and front door. She picked it up, carelessly enough, at first. She was an honorable little lady, and would never have dreamed of ransack ing her husband's private papers, or desk, or diary, as so many women would not scruple to do, if the occasion offered. Even this letter would have been laid aside till her husband's return, unread, had it not chanced to open in her hand, as she lifted it from the floor. Her eyes fell on the first line, and the red blood rushed instantly to her face. What woman was this who asked Robert Strong to come to her, by the love he had once borne her years before; in the happy home she had left forever with another ? Little Mrs. Strong had a long, hard battle with herself before she could make up her mind to read that note. But she did read it, atlast, and having ' eaten of the apple,'like her golden- haired ancestress, in the garden of Eden, she instantly became as unhappy as she de served to be. ., She had been a governess in a family where Mr. Strong visited. Rich, influen tial, and still wondrously handsome, though he confessed to fifty-seven years of age, the stately bachelor, the great 'catch' of the season passed by al! fashionable belles of his acquaintance, and actually, offered his hand, his heart, and his fortune for the acceptance of the little gray-eyed governess, whom he had seen, now and then, at odd moments only, as she passed, with her pupils, up and down the grand staircase, or through the hall in his friend's house in--street. Of course she took him, and became Mrs. Robert Strong as soon as possible. Yes, Mrs. Grundy was right there. Within a month of the millionaire's offer, came his wedding-day ; and then, after a short trip to Europe, the happy pair estab lished themselves in a brown stone front,: In the Empire City, under the full glare of Mrs. Grundy's sharp and stony eye. But one thing Mrs. Grundy never knew, and would never have believed, had you told her till you were gray. Of -course the bridegroom was despe rately in love with the pretty little bride. That, Mrs. Grundy was quite willing to allow« But it also happened that the bride was even more desperately in love with the bridegroom, strange as it may seem. She was twenty, and he was fifty-seven ; -and every one would have it that she had mar ried him only for his money and his luxu rious home. In reality she thought him the handsomest, stateliest, and most agree able man on earth. But the severely classic style of his really beautiful face; his stately form ; his dignified manner, even the calm, firm- glance of his deep blue eyes, frightened and awed her, she knew not why. She dared not show her love for him, even when she was his wife. And so he fancied at times that Mrs. Grundy was in the right. That his money had purchased for him a graceful and lovely woman to sit at the head of his table, and to take his arm in all places of public amusement ; a woman in whose care his honor was safe ; but in whose heart he had no share. It was a sad and terrible mistake, and but for the coming of tins mysterious billet doux, it might have lasted during both their lives. Mrs. Strong, hiding that tell-tale note away, sat rocking to and fro in her own easy-chair, crying as if her heart would bipak. This woman, this wretohed woman ! Her husband had gone to her, was with her even then. How dare he leave his wife like that. And the child I What child? whose child? Again the red -blood dyed, her lovely face. They had, no child. Perhaps he might have loved her better-well, come what would, sho would follow him now, and know the worst. * Mrs. Grundy,1 since their marriage, had often whispered tales to her husbaud's discredit, which she had refused to hear ; now she would see and judge for herself. Going up into her own room, she sum moned her maid, and confided a part of the miserable story to her, not implicating her husband in any way ; but inducing the girl to provide for her the disguise of a servant's dress, and to accompany her in a cab to the address named in the note. Leaving the girl at the foot of the stairs the unhappy little wife stole up one flight, and listened. A tall, bony-looking woman came out of aroomopposite,with her apron to her eyes. It was the landlady of the house, who had been bidding her dying lodger a last fare well, and who failed to see the intruder as she pássed, weeping, to her own room. The door of the sick-room being left ajar Mrs. Strong saw and heard without any difficulty. On the bed laya wasted yet beautiful woman, young and still attractive, but dying-:dying fast. Beside the bed sat her husband, holding the sufferer in his arms, wiping the cold drops from her fore head with a.gentle hand, and talking to her in a low tone. 'Eloise, be at rest, be at peace I' he was saying, « For our dead mother's sake I forgive you, even as she would have for given you if she had lived.' ' You swore that you would not, Robert 1' gasped the dying womun; with a look of pain. ' Hush, dear I Forget it, as I do. I was hard, and cold, and proud in those days,. and I thought I could even see you as you are now without forgiving you. But, Eloise, since then I, too, have learned to love, and I know better how to pity you. The man you married was unworthy of you, but you loved him, and for years you have suffered for his sake. I honor you forbit now, Eloise, as much as I blamed : you once. I only wish I had found you sooner. So much, suffering of body and of mind might have been spared if you had only written to me before.' 'I was proud, too, my brother/she said, faintly. .' But, Robert, what has..changed you so ? You are gentle as a woman, I hardly know you now.' ' I tell you that I, too, know what it is to love, Eloise,' he said, sadly. ' I have a dear young wife, whom I treasure ilke the apple of my eye. She does not love me yet ; she feels only gratitude toward the man who,rescued her from poverty. But, one day, I hope to win her heart, Eloise, if you live--' ' I shall not live. I shall "never see your wife, Robert.;-- But": my boy---' 'She shall be a mother to him, dear. She -will love the child. even if she cannot love me, and he will be a link--' Touched to the heart with contrition! the little wife retraced her steps, summoned her servant, and drove toward home. On the last moments of the dying she felt that she had no right to intrude. But for the living-for the living who l*ved her-surely she might be taking thought and care. Two hours later, Bobert Strong opened the door of his own house with a latch key' and crossed the hall noiselessly towards the study. In his arms he bore a heavy looking bundle. His face was pale, his manner anxious, and he looked round once or twice as if dreading the presence of some unseen watcher, though the house was still, and all the servants had gone to bed. Turning up the gan in his study, he laid his bundle down on the sofa, and throwing back the heavy cloak, disclosed the pretty face of a sleeping child some three or four years, old. He stood looking down upon the infant for some time with a thought ful air. 'What will she say?' he exclaimed at last, aloud. And suddenly he became aware of the presence of his wife, who stood just within tho study door, looking at him with a tearful, tender gaze, such as she had never dared bestow on him before. ' Say t Oh, Robert, what can she say ex cept that she loves you, and wishes to do, in all thiugs, exactly as you think,' she murmured, coming nearer, with a look of timid love not to be mistaken, even by his long blinded eyes. His pale, calm face flushed suddenly; his deep blue eyes grew bright and full of tenderness. 'My darling, do you mean what you say?' he asked, holding her a little way from him. ' Think, I have long fancied that you could not and did not love më. I am so many years older than you. ' And so many years wiser, better, dearer,' she whispered. ' Oh, Robert, if you had been a poor day-laborer I would have married you all the same. I never loved any one else. I love you with all my heart and soul! Is that enough?' Ile opened his arms. Blushing and smiling, she flung herself upon his breast and their lips met in a kiss such as during all the months of their marriage they had 'never exchanged before. . This child is the son of my only sister, who, after my mother's death, made a se cret marriage that nearly broke my heart,' he said, after a long pause. ' Poor Eloise died an hour ago, in my arms, forgiven and at rest. My darling, will you love the child for her sake, and for mine ? I promised her that you would be a mother to the boy.' « I will be all that you ask, or wish,' said the happy wife, kneeling beside her hus band's chair, and laying her bright head upon his knee. ' But now, I too have something for you to forgive.' And she told him the story of the strange letter; the story of her jealousy, and of its sudden and final cure. He heard her in silence to the end, and then he raised her from the ground, and held her to his heart once more. 'You will go with me to see poor Eloise buried, my love,' he said, with a gentle kiss. And nestling quietly in his arms, with her white hand playing with his still softly curling hair, the young wife kn#w.that she was forgiven, and that her husband's heart was all her own. Half a loaf is better than the dyspepsia. Man is only miserable so far as he thinks him self so. Silence and blushing are the eloquence of women. "Does your gambling friend play fair ?" "I should say he does I He is always broke." His mother (suddenly opening pantry door) : " Here now, sir, what aro you doing up there?" Tommy: "Ob, nothin' ma; nothin." I'm jisfc looking for my Sunday-school lesson sheet; ifs got lost, somehow." " This," said the museum lecturer, " is the far famed phantom Fiametta." " I don't Bee no phantom," said one of the audience. " Well, that ain't my fault. She's there. If you can't see a ghost, you can't blame me." Florist (to committee) : "You want aa appro priate floral design, do you ? What was the deco* dent's;business?" Spokesman: "He was an attorney." '.. Florist : " How would something in the shape of a lyre strike you?" 