ZILLAT A ROIIANCE. By JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR or "ElradE tie 1ic,' "a JBn i'astcrbrook." (Published by Special Arrangement with Mcessis. Ward, Lock, lBowden & Co.) OHIAPTER XXVIII.-( Continued.) Tommy scratched his name. 'Nothuiig wrong,: sir; I holp ?' " ' Nothing at : all,' replied Jack. 'Now let us go.' Tommy locked the box and held.out his hand for the money Jack had,pro mised him, but'before- he took it, he clutched the young inan's arm. ner vously. 'See, see,' he said, pointing towards the vestry window. Jack looked and there saw a dark, sinister-looking face 'with a malignant expression upon it. t ' It's a ghost, p'rips the devil,' said Tommy. ' Ah, I'd no business to lot you look at the parson's book, and now I'.ve got to suffer.' No.. sonso,' said Jack, ' it'sonly` Ssoime villager watching us.' ' No, it ain't; why there's no one would: go in the churchyard alone after ' I'll quickly see,' said. Jack, and .:-turned to leave the church. : o, don't leave me,' said 'Tommy ; 'I a~i en't stay here alone now. Lot "=me take hold of your arm.' Jack humoured the old man, waited while he locked the belfry door; and .wient thllrough the churchyard with him. He looked eagerly around, but he could see no one; whoever it was he had seen, he had escaped quickly. Hoe left Tommy at the churchyard ngates, and walked quietly back to' the village inn. Nothing of, importance h?,:ad happened, and yet he felt uncom fo:rtable. He could see nothing to be `troubleod at in the fact that a farm labourer had... followed him through t:=he village, or that he should be suifi-. ciently interested to come and see ? iat he was doing in the church, and yet he was ill at ease. Besides, what :hadf he gained by "going thkre.? h h:: Nothling but the assurance that Josiah Inglewood had.been married to Inez C.arrello. It-is true that he had now learnt the name of the gipsy bride, but somechow that was nothing to him. ,l?His coming to Dingleford had not 'thrown any light'upon the mystery of :Zillah Still, he had not expected :'uch, and the knowledge he had gained might be of importance to him. T::There was only one thing more to ".learn in Dingleford as far as he could see, and that was whether the child i that was born to them was registered here. If that were so, then, except for a vague surmise, he was as much ':.in the dark as ever. These thdughts passed through his .:mind as he sat in the bedioom to which he .nd been .shownT. . The room .i fronted against the main roaa, but the ` time had come when most of the ipee :ple:had gone to: bed; so everything was quiet. ' I don't think I have any reason to :rope that my visit is going to help me .-:forward,' he thought, ' and yet I feel as though something is going to :.:happen. I wonder where Zilla?h is ; I wonder if I shall ever see her again.? 1Oh, I must, I must; life would be misery indeed if I thought that we had parted for ever, I must have :x: been a fool. Somehow they suspected something, anid invented this idea about going to Spain in order to pacify iher and deceive me.' He walked to and fro the room with his hands clenched tightly, while his lips. moved as if in pain. :' I am acting,' he muttered, 'as ,.:though in finding out .about the Sgranddaughter of Squire Inglewood I am also solving the mystery of her I love. '"Is 'this right ? Then again. I am not using ordinary methods of work. I am allowing myself to be "goveried largely by impulse, and but little reason. That cannot be right. I.~ am a fool m paying so much atten :tion to the inane maunderiin'g of that f:?ellow,i who said my natifre-was highly isensitized, and that I lhdad the quali :: ties of a medium and clairvoyant. It is: :i all rubbish! . and yet all has not .'been rubbish. ZiUah told me that that- ' ; H"ismind wentbackto tihe first s6annce .-he ha'hrid attended. He renienmbered the ::.influences that were theln iat worlk; he pictured theo words that were writtein .'in letters of light, and one of them (..was the name of tlhe 'place :td which he h: ad come, that .very t iight. What ca:'::used it to be written ? What ii~ - :::'fluence wi as there on. tliat night 'to icause that. word Dingleford .to be w"iitten? Then theo othei events amie :,:rushiing back to hlis f inemod~ry. iHi 't' 'hought of the -words, 'Deliver" her from the evil one,' and. theseo w6ro i"ri ::some Wiay applied to him.: Toa: : -,I'can't undrstdisi`hdit;'hO etlihughit; ' I can't' and yet'I know' lthat soni of ' .it is truie. I w ill deliver lier if I can.. B:: ut what'does her deliverance 'mesii ? F rom Bpgnoni? Yes;.:,;but,?vould'tlhit be enbough:? ':Sheliis sb'iietiiies 'alodsti ' mad. Bhe is governied' by' influenices of' which I -know' nothing, aid these "-madden her, t.heose make':her' like:a' :}.frail. sossel' on. a stoirmy sea.c Sup: "i.posing I. could. find -:hei,, suppos i:ng TI could take hel:: a;ay fio;m .Benoni; then she l is dominated by foe:rces;or ov ;which I have nao coitrbl, ,'and her lifeo' must still'boe a'-'mystery, a m:iiisoery ! Oh 'if tliere were'.only a G:" od, whlid would take her, ai;;: d' take -.iout the spoirit fieomi her, like Jesiius witas :':..said to h.avo doie :by tle l~e0olo'- ini ::olden otimes, then tlqro would be hope;. U:*:.; Uncle Williani shid she was.pos :se: ssed by oevilspirits at times. Obse-: sionithese chailitanfiscall it.' It ciiniot be.l;i butI believe' thlie' is':fonil' 'ply .sosnie?voreroin fabt, I 'ci; sure there :is; buit. what:can I do?' I am pow'i less.' ; p e Ho stopped in his walk, as though a new though ha id ?trulk' him ' i Why not ?' he muttered. ' That medical student whom I knew at Ox ford said he had by fixing his mind on his young lady also pictured the room in which sheo was. Did I not experi once something similar the, other, night ? Iwill try if I can. -'I will see if there is any cbnommunicatioin of iniids without ordinary means.' He sat down in an old woodon seated chair: 'that was placed beside the bed, ...and then took from his pocket a rough skeoth of a beaitiful face. It was Zillah's.:? Ho had drawn it ]himself,: antd :although far from perfect, it was full of: suggestion of .mysterious strength. The 'eyes especially were wonderful 'in their darck dopths and unearthly expression. He looked at it long and steadily, until the face was engraven upon his mind, then he lay back, in the chair and closed his eyes, with his mind fixed on Zillah. Ho had riot sat thus more 'than a minute before the' '6ld farmhouse began to reveal itself before his mind's eye, and then the exterior of the house passed away as it had done on the night when he lay in the opens field, while the shining stars seemed to look pityingly ddwn upon him. Unlikeothen, however, he did not see a bedroom. It was a roomn furnished like a parlour in a well-to-do farmer's house. There was nothing foreign about it. It was an English room, furnished in an English fashion. But he thought little of the room, for in it was Zillah. She wore a long grey dressing gown; fastened round her waist by a crimson cord. It quite enveloped her, revealing only her crimson slippers as she walked. Her hair hung in wild confusion over her shoulders, and reached her waist. No one was in the room with her, and he could see her face plainly. ' It was terrible to look on. The eyes burned with an evil light, the features w'ere contorted, the. whole expression was ghastly. He was not donscious of himself at tihe time, and yet he knew he was not asleep ; he knew, too, where he was; but the thought of her had swallowed up all others. He could see her walk ing up and down the room like a caged lion, while with her hands she tore something in pieces. Her move ments were wild-savage, like that of a strong man struggling with a'ter rible passion. No sound reached him, but he saw her mouth move as if she were uttering-a word, and from the move ments of her lips he thought she uttered the wordi 'Mad!'. Presently she turned quickly, and, following her eyes, he saw that the door opened and two women entered. The one was. Miriam, 'and the other a strong, coarse looking creature, about fifty years of age. Zillah seemed about to speak, when everything vanished,-all' was blank darkness to him; He started up, wondering why it was so, then, listening, hoe .heard the murmur of voices right beneath his window. The candle swaýburn:t low I ?in the socket, aind would 'soon' be ,out alto gether, so he knew he must have: been in the room a long time.: ' The blind was pulled down; no one from the outside could see into the interior of the room. 'Had' those voices anything to do with the sudden :departure of my mind's vision, or whatever it was, I wonder?' he muttered. ' I'll try and seeobwho it is.' THe stood by the wall and looked by the side of the blind, into the road. He' saw . two men 'standing, close together, each looking up at .the window. ' Not a word until the light is out,' said a voice. 'He can't be long nodw; he must have been there alone more than an hour.' ' You seem very anxious about~ the light,' was' the reply; 'he doesn't know any one is here.' 'I want to 'know" he's , in _bed, though, before I have a talk with you.' ' Why, he can't have any suspicion that ybou are here.' ' : 'I know: that, or I shouldn't boe here now. 'It's lucky I caught sigh6 t of him, isn't it ?-' ' 'Lucky' I' should think it is; arind it is well we'vye watched; but we minst .baulk, him.. He .mustn't go too far, or he'll never go to another s6ane.'. .: :For a minute Jack was stunned. Somehow there was a deeper meaning in his coming to Dingleford than he had expected. These men were watching, him ;thero must be some purpose ini. 4:Quick as lightning his mind worked.: Heo.: slipped back into the shadow of the bed, and put on' his coat, the only garment of. which he had divested, himseif, then croept :by the side of the window again. S.'I, tell you he's gone to sleep, he heard a voice say; 'it's a lamp the old Damed Whieelrigrt has ;given him, an'id lhe'lllo keep it burning all night~l :..-' Don't sleak: so;: lo1ud,. fool, was the reply, the onight iis so still that ann' sound caiin be heard':::; , : Jack blew out the candle, rind then :watched aiid listbenrd ie ':: Theore;: it's oit.'s o :I suppose: he s got to bed at last.(' What a time he's boeen! If itf w'?is .posible for i;im' to know I was hoiere, one niight :think he .had a purpose in, staying up. o long. Now we'll walk over.by .way of the bridge; we 'ean have a talk thoete.' ' H·,e watched them as they wialked 'away, and then hliesitated a second.-, ' /!It's strange I heard so plarinly,lhe t?hught; ' they scarcely spoke above a whisper. Al:A thelre's a window-pane 'gone here,,that accounts for it.' :: SHe slipped.off his bdots,' and took fronm. his knapsack, a pair of "light tennis. shos; these he put on,i anid stole qiuietly,downstairs. , :;' I must be very careful,: or I shall aakne up the folk,' he muttered, ashe croept downstairs; one thiring, these country peopl6 sleep heavily. ' Quietly he drew badk the bolt, then;' taking the key, he slipped out, closiiig tire door silently. Swiftly but noislessly he went towards the bridge, looking :keenly on the right hand and on the left. ' I must be very careful,' he said to himself; 'careful for many reasons. I boli&e; it was his; voice, and, I'm sureohe will stopi at n:iothing' ` If they were to catch'.me, I believe the6e'dr~. murder, and fori that reason I must boeware; .besides, I may hear some thifigif I llay. my cairds' might:' A ,turn- in'thio lane o"m iade, hii,. stop suddenly. Close to hinim was. tho bridge, while on the farther side he saw the two forms,'evidently the .men ho sought. CHAPTER XX'IX KIEDGES IIAVE EARS. " Sweet Auburn ! loveliest village of the plain Where health and plenty cheered the labour ing swain,. Where smiling spring its earliest visit paid, And parting sumnmer's lingering blooms do layed, Dear lovely bowers of innocence and ease, Seats of my youth when every sport could please; How often have I loitered o'er thy green, Where humble happiness endeared each scene!" -GoLnsurne. Silently Jack crept along by the fence, and thus gained the bridge ; but arriving there he found he could not hear a word of the conversation. Be tween him and the two men the river ran, which, while it made sweet music in the stillness of the night, hindered him from gaining a knowledge of their plans and purposes. Now and then he caught a word, but nothing was connected, nothing enabled him to understand the drift of their remarks. He dared not draw nearer, for in 'so doing he ' was in danger of letting them know of his whereabouts. His position seemed hopeless. Presently, however, they made a move, and side by side'tloy walked up the lane, Jack creoeping silently after .them. 'This is. not work that I like,' thought the young man; 'but perhaps' a good deal depends on it.. I feel sure there is villainy to un mask. I must be careful, though, for they will stop at nothing. One thing, I am in pretty good training for a run'-then feelinig the muscles of his arms-' and my morning dumb-bell exercises have kept my biceps pretty firm. I daresay, too, that if matters came to a point, my old boxing pro clivities would stand me in good stead. But this must not be if I can help it. Silence and watchfulness must be my watchwords.' He followed them up the road for some considerable. distance, keeping all the while under the shadow of the hedge, while they conversed in low tones. " Presently they came to a turn ing in the road, where :another lane branched off. Here they stopped, not in the middle of the road, but in such a position.thlat Jack could, by creeping up under .the" thickly-wooded hedge, draw close to thein without being ob served.eig b Evidently they had 'discussed: their affairs thoroughly, for they seemied to be on the point of saying' good-night, with an understanding as to what they were going to do. The night was perfectly clear, and although no moon was :to 'be seen, there was sufficient light for him to .see their faces. He gave a start of surprise. The two men he had fol lowed were Benoni 'and his cousin Bill. SWell, we understand each other now, I think, ' said Bill. ' Yes. I was pretty .sire he would come here. He evidently suspects something, and this has led him to inspect the marriage register. Had it not been for that seance, there -would have been no need of any of this.'. He could never have dreamed of an'y thing.: But I think we have check mated him.' 'I expect he will inspect the register of births now.' (To be Contizned.J. 