A SHOT IN THE SCRUB. IN TWO CHAPTERS - CHAPTER 1. My spirits rose when I heard that the station to which I was about to be sent was called ' Kelvin Grove.' I had an idea, entirely derived from poetical sources, and quite unjustified by the facts, as any one who has ever explored the original locality in its present condition is qualified to testify, that Kelvin Grove was a kind of earthly Paradise, intended for the sole occupation of happy lovers. Probably it was a pretty place before it abounded in sludge and coal-dust, as it abounds at present ; but I thought of it then as I thought of the 'chainless Guadalquivir,' which I have since learned is a muddy channel, and of ' Bendemeer's stream,' which is a dirty ditch, crossed, by the adventurous traveller who lives to get there, on a plank, and within a hundred miles of whose ill smelling dribble a nightingale never was heard, nor a rose heard of. I did not expect to find exactly the same kind of romantic beauty in the wilds of the Tasmanian bush, with which my fond fancy had invested the Kelvin Grove of Scotland ; but the name sounded home-like, and it influenced me. It was not the roughness of the new life in the New World that I minded : it was its loneliness. I was banished, not because I had been guilty indeed, but because I had been foolish, and I was home-sick very often ; and the fortune which was to 'make things comfortable,' reconcile my offended but infinitely more unpleasant family of my pretty Kate O'Hara to the melancholy fact of our engagement and our hopeless constancy, was very long in coming. Fortunes were not made in those days by the expeditious method of digging them out of the ground : the unsuspected gold slumbered in the earth, watched by the stealthy gnomes, and no traitorous whisper of malignant spirit had bidden men to invade their territory. Very hard work and very small gain had been my lot since I had 'come out' to Tasmania, with a scanty supply of ready money, only to be drawn on in case of necessity, but with a large stock of penitence, resolution, and I think I may fairly say, looking back through a long vista of years, honest courage and industry. Why did I not employ these qualities at home ? They are at least as efficient in Ireland as in Tasmania. Very true ; but then, somehow, I think they only sprang into vigorous life under the smile of Kate O'Hara, and I had had time for plenty of folly before that smile shone upon me. At all events, it was always shining now, though her face was thousands of miles away ; and when I was riding through the gullies and over the plains to Kelvin Grove, thinking of her, and guiding myself by the sun, she was sleeping in old Ireland, and dreaming of me, while no light but the moon's was shining, and-no one was out but the fairies. " It must be a beautiful place," I thought, " or Jack Maclellan would not have called it Kelvin Grove ;" and I rode with a light heart across the grass plains, and through the irregular groups of brown-leafed trees, whose sombre changelessness is at first so oppressive to the eyes accustomed to the luxuriant verdure and the gaunt nudity ; between which conditions the forest lords in Europe alternate. A long, lonely, but not dreary march was that which brought me to my new home and my new employment. The emu and the kangaroo, scarce now, but then flourishing in aboriginal abundance, frequently, and with contemptuous indifference, crossed my path. I had no companion ; I had no fear. I was to find sharers in my toils at Kelvin Grove ; among them a man who had been there with Jack Maclellan, and concerning whom I felt some natural curiosity. I journeyed on without meeting with any adventure, danger, or mischance, picturing to my imagination the features of the place which I was compelled to call, and determined to regard as home. I was not under any delusions as to the sort of life I was to lead there ; I had had some experience of the nature of the occupation I had undertaken, and I knew that the sublime and the beautiful were not among the components of a stockman's existence. I had a stated ihterest in the numerous herds of cattle and flocks of sheep which roved in a half-wild state over many miles of the surrounding country, and to which I was about to act as stock keeper - a kind of colonial head shepherd. As I neared my destination, I began to experience some misgivings relative to the accuracy of my air drawn picture ; and on my arrival, I discovered that all that was in the name of Kelvin Grove was utte disenchantment. For the beauty of the silvan grove, I saw the bleak gloom of a small dark dell, surrounded by rugged hills, which somehow contrived to be completely unpicturesque ; beyond which stretched a ragged, jagged, irregular, brownish forest, unsuggestive of glades, and merely heavy and depressing. Something harsh and niggardly was in the aspect of the place : it was impossible to imagine anyone growing rich or being happy there. A gloom like that of the Shades dwelt upon the scene, and my heart fell all the more quickly and thoroughly for the fancies of verdant slopes and limpid streams I had been cherishing. " What a fool Jack must be, or how uncommonly fond of a bad joke," I thought, as I caught my first sight of the long, low, miserable- looking log house, surrounded by a stout stockade, and whose dead, uninteresting level front was diversified, by two windows, roughly glazed, which did not match, and two unpainted doors, now lying open, placed side by side in what seemed to be an unmeaning fashion. I had yet to discover that the ' placid river-side ' of the original Kelvin was here represented by an unprotected stagnant well, the only trace of water within miles ; and the' fairies ' by numerous noxious reptiles, and notably by serpents of a peculiarly venomous species. I learned the agreeable facts the morning after my arrival, and also got an insight into the prospects of conviviality awaiting me from Bristol, who informed me that our nearest neighbour resided at a station just thirty miles (uncleared) from Kelvin Grove. There was no help for it, however the cattle and sheep were realities, the pasturage was good, and I ' brought a stout heart to a steep hill.' Our little company consisted of myself, Bristol, and two other convict-servants, holding tickets-of-leave. Of these, Bristol was the most remarkable, the only one I need describe. He was a middle-aged man, short, thick-set, powerfully built, with a shock head of rough red hair, a pair of keen, small, round grey eyes, and a whimsical expression of countenance, which made his blank, whitish complexion, thickly pitted with small pox, seem like an intentional joke rather than a natural misfortune. A cheerful, useful, handy, ready fellow was Bristol, who derived his sobriquet from the Bristol riots, for his active participation in which he had been transported. My first impression of Bristol was a negative one. 'You don't look like a ruffian,' I thought : 'I can't fancy you smashing windows, setting fire to houses, and heading a mob.' He had a quiet, lounging sort of way with him, but he did his work well ; and I very soon found out that when the convict was trusted, he was trustworthy, I had been long enough in convict settlement, before I embarked in the speculation which brought me to Kelvin Grove, to have gotten over the first instinctive repulsion which is caused by contact with acknowledged criminals ; and on the whole, I decidedly liked Bristol, and we worked very amicably together. My good opinion of him was confirmed by the dumb testimony of the dogs Battle and Bang," who declared for him at once, and swore, in their, unmistakable fashion, eternal friendship. Not even Bristol could make Kelvin Grove anything but a dreary abode ; but his cheerfulness, his readiness, and the alacrity and intelligence with which he served me in the united, though dissimilar capacities of groom, gardener, housemaid, cook, and valet, much alleviated the gloom of my existence. The man possessed one, at least, of the attributes of genius, a ready adaptability to all kinds of occupation and every variety of circustances. Physically, he was admirably suited to the avocation which we followed in company, for I never met a bolder or more skilful horseman, or a man gifted with keener or more untiring eyesight. The value of these qualities will be evident at a glance, when the nature of a stock-keeper's employment is taken in to consideration, and it is borne in mind that he is a kind of equestrian explorer of unknown regions, and called upon, in the ordinary course of his business, to perform feats which would be esteemed as prodigious anywhere but in the bush. A stock-keeper may be said to live in his saddle, in a perpetual condition hunting, assisted by his tailless dogs. In what region of his wide domain he may find himself at nightfall, is entirely a matter of chance, dependent on the caprice of the erratic brutes which constitute his charge, his fortune, and his future. Solitude is usually his lot, but solitude uncombined with repose, restless, and toilsome. It is a hard life for men of education in its monotony and its sordid cares ; and the absence of all associations, which is one of the characteristics of a new country, a land without a history, has a terribly depressing effect upon the mind. A man of education in such a position is however, the exception, not the rule. My nearest neighbour was a perfect example of 'the right man in the right place,' a stock-keeper, to whom every conceivable feat of bushriding was familiar, who had passed fifteen years of his life in the society of cattle and sheep, and who, with his horse and his dog, was as characteristic a type as Robinson Crusoe with his parrot and his umbrella. He was a stern, dark, sturdy man, keen and selfish, but a good neighbour (at thirty miles), and very useful to me and Bristol. I never learned anything of his history previous to his arrival in Tasmania, or heard him mention the name of any relative, friend, or place in the old country. He was the impersonation of energy, strength, and contentment ; though whether he fixed all his happiness in the present, or indulged in aspirations, towards whose fulfilment that present was leading him, I never knew. It has often struck me, since Jim George, Kelvin Grove, and the colony itself have ceased to be aught but distant memories to me, that there must have been great force of character, and a most determined power of reticence in a man who, having but two associates in the midst of such a wilderness, kept them to the end in complete ignorance of everything concerning him which was not within the range of their own observation. The perfect harmony between Jim George and the scene, the easy superiority over us given him by his acquaintance with the country, and his entire satisfaction with his occupation, made him an important personage in our eyes ; and we hailed his tolerably frequent visits with pleasure, and availed ourselves of them to procure his guidance in exploring distant districts of the country, of which, after eighteen months' residence at the Grove, large portions still remained completely unknown to us. His advice and assistance in the management of the cattle were invaluable : he had acquired an intimate knowledge of the habits of the beasts, which were in a state of primeval wildness ; and the danger, the difficulty, and the fatigue of hunting the lost droves, had a positive attraction to him. When my second year at Kelvin Grove had nearly expired, and things were beginning to look a little more promising, so that Kate O'Hara's cheerful, hope inspiring letters did not jar with my despondent thoughts, and I was beginning to answer them in a less melancholy strain, Jim George, his horse, and his favourite dog Mungo, a great ally of Battle and Bang, were sighted by Bristol, and their approach was announced joyfully to me. It was two months since Jim George had been at the Grove, and he had a good deal of desultory news to give me. None of it would have any interest in the repetition. One item was especially pleasant and reassuring : there was no rumour of bushrangers in the district, no fear of these wretches, more dreaded than the tsetse fly in Africa, or the yellow fever in New Orleans. We sat late that night, and consumed large quantities of tobacco, assisted by spirits, and arranged an exploring expedition for the following day - as was our custom, the proceeding being doubly advisable on the present occasion, from the fact, that a large drove of our best cattle had been missing for several weeks, and our unassisted efforts to find them had proved unavailing. They had struck some new point in the endless wilderness. Fully equipped for an excursion of some duration, we started early on a glorious sunny morning in November, and had struck into our intended path. We pursued it for several miles, long before the fine late-hour-keeping folk at home had thought of going to their beds. Ourselves, our horses, and our dogs were in the highest spirits, and we agreed that the world was a pleasant place after all, and Tasmania, nay, the identical bush we were then in, not by any means a bad corner of it. We talked, and laughed, and the time flew. The vast solitude around us did not oppress the absolute novelty of the route we were pursuing and lent a tinge of the adventurous to our ride ; and I can safely assert, that since I had lost sight of Kate O'Hara's brave, pale, smiling face, as the ship glided from the shore, and my exile began, I had never experienced such a sense of light- heartedness as came over me, as Jim George and I rode on into the bush, and all the familiar surroundings of Kelvin Grove were lost to view. " Todhunter's Station lies out that way," said Jim George, pointing with the heavy handle of his whip to the left, over a long sweep of grass-land, through which we were riding, across a belt of scrub, and beyond a vast expanse of dim forest. " Ay, indeed ?" I answered carelessly. " How far do you make it to his station ?" " Twenty miles as the crow flies," said Jim George. " Awful lonely here, ain't it ?" He smiled as he spoke, heeding the loneliness not in the least. " Lonely," I answered, " but not awful, I think ; rather jolly to-day. We're a couple of Alexander Selkirks, Jim - monarchs of all we survey, and more too, in the fowl and brute line : a lot of our property is as much out of sight as the British fleet in the play. Perhaps we shall find the brutes at Todhunter's." " They had not turned up there last week," said Jim George. "Jos Todhunter was down my way, and he'd have been sure to mention it. The mere mention of a stranger was enough to excite curiosity, in a place where it finds so little to feed upon, and I proceeded to question Jim George concerning Jos Todhunter with the eagerness of a woman. He was replying carelessly ; the subject had not so much interest for him. We were nearing the outer edge of the belt of scrub I have mentioned as extending between the plain and the forest, and Jim George had just bent down to set something right about the bridle of his horse, when a sharp, ringing report startled us both, and a bullet came whizzing past, and between us, causing our horses to swerve and rear. A thin cloud of white smoke floating over the edge of the scrub, directed our startled gaze to the spot whence the treacherous shot and been fired. We looked at each other in speechless consternation for a moment ; the next, Jim George's frowning gaze was fixed eagerly on the thick belt of scrub. " Who fired that shot ? " he muttered. " It came from the scrub." " Hold my horse, Jim," said I impetuously, " and I'll go and search it." I prepared to dismount as I spoke. " Don't be a fool ?" returned the experienced bushrider roughly, never removing his keen gaze from the spot on which he had fixed it, in the first shock of surprise. " There's no second shot - there's no stir. I could have sworn no living being was within twenty miles of us." He spoke rather to himself than to me, and I got somewhat angry. " What do you mean ?" I asked. " Why shouldn't I search the scrub The man that fired that shot is there." " So is his gun," returned Jim George drily. " Are you armed ?" I was forced to answer 'No.' " Then," said Jim, turning his horse as he spoke, " the sooner we get out of musket-range the better. Come on, sir, and ride for your life." He spoke not another word, and I saw apprehension, or rather comprehension, of danger, in his compressed lips, and frowning, furtive eyes. I obeyed him in equal silence ; and when we had ridden a sufficient distance to defy the aim of our unseen enemy, we pulled up our horses, and gave the coo-ee in stentorian style. No reply. We repeated the cry. Still silence - silence so deep, stillness so profound, that we might have taken our recent alarm for an illusion, but for the light streak of white smoke, gently lifted, but not dispersed by the summer wind, which still floated in the air. " Let as get back to Kelvin as fast as we can, and think ourselves lucky if the bushrangers are not there before us," said Jim George, with grave brevity. " Not a word more did he speak ; and I, knowing his experience, felt the full force of the apprehension his words conveyed. I will not say in what space of time we accomplished our return, for coolly read, my statement might be excusably disbelieved. Try and realise what it is to ride, pursued by a terrible, well-grounded fear, across water-courses, through sheep paths, over tracts of uncleared ground, you will know something of our case. In a space brief even to our anxiety and alarm, we reached the 'Grove,' and drew up our panting horses to reconnoitre, under cover of a ragged copse. Notwithstanding our speed, it was quite possible the bushrangers might have anticipated us, for the difficulties of the path, serious to our horses, and the windings of the only available route for mounted men, would have troubled the lawless wretches very little. They would have taken a direct course, and it was just as likely as not that we should find them in possesion. The log-house presented an appearance of perfect tranquility. The clumsy windows and the rude doors lay open. The house consisted of four rooms, of which each couple was apart, opening into the outer world by a door in the external wall, but not communicating with each other. Two of these rooms were appropriated to my use, a third to that of Bristol and the other convict servants, the fourth served as a general store-room. They were all long, wide, low, and gloomy. In front of my door lay Bang, lazily watching Bristol, who was making a basket, a handicraft to which he took very kindly and deftly in his leisure moments. No trace of any other person was to be seen. Sure on this point, I gave the accustomed ' coo-ee. Bristol started up, looked round, and failed to see us; but Bang ran towards our covert at once, with every mark of joyful recognition. We then approachd the house, and put Bristol in possession of the cause of our sudden return. While I was relating the incident of the shot in the scrub, and the conjectures it had given rise to, I observed that Jim George kept a close, scrutinising gaze fixed : upon Bristol - a look under which the man evidently winced. When he had taken our bridles from our hands, and turned away to lead the horses to their rude stable, I said : " Why do you look at Bristol ? You don't suspect him of anything, do you, Jim ?" "I'm not sure," was the discouraging reply. " I won't be sure yet a while. I'd rather not know it, if he has sold us, because, in that case, it's all up with us - we are booked through for kingdom come. So the doubt's a deal pleasanter. Come, let's go in, and look to the firearms." " Then you think they will come ? I asked. " Of course. Don't you ? It wasn't a ghost, I suppose, that fired that shot in the scrub ; and if it wasn't a ghost, but a man, he meant something by it. There's nowhere to go but here, and nothing to get but your goods. Where are Joe and Jerry ?" " Making a fence round the foot of Cromartie there. It's impossible to keep the sheep off the mountain, and I've had them at it this week or more." " They're out of call, then ? And they camp out, of course ?" " Yes. Jerry was over here for provisions yesterday : there's no chance of their turning up." Bristol now joined us, and we held a hurried council, while we carefully inspected the firearms. Joe and Jerry had their guns with them. Our available armoury consisted of a double barrelled gun and a carbine, both loaded and ready for service. We closed and barred the doors, and all the windows save one, at which Jim George and I stationed ourselves; while Bristol prepared a substantial meal, to which our late alarm did not prevent our doing ample justice. Battle and Bang were ordered to keep watch outside, but Mungo was kept at his master's heels. " He will be answerable for one of them," said Jim George with cheerful coolness ; and the brute stretched his fore-legs, and pushed his head forward, panting, and showing the crimson cavern of his mouth with most suggestive and, as we were quite sure he would make no unpleasant mistakes in the ardour of a possible fray, reassuming effect. The hours wore on, and the stillness remained unbroken. The sun rose to the zenith, and began to decline, and no sound came to disturb us. The hours were irksome. As men will, under circumstances of alarm and suspense, we talked of cognate subjects ; and many a horrible tale of bushranging enormities was told by Jim George and Bristol, on whom I observed the former still kept a close and vigilant watch. I noticed, in particular, that whenever Bristol approached the only open window near enough to be seen from the outside, Jim George contrived to place himself beside him ; and also that having bidden me, to keep the carbine close to my hand, he never lost sight of the double barrel himself for a moment. He had exhibited rather ostentatiously a very murderous knife, which he carried in a convenient pocket made for the purpose in the breast of his coat ; and having asked me, unheard by Bristol, whether I was similarly armed, received with singular satisfaction the assurance that a weapon, which might have been the twin-brother to his own, was within easy reach of my hand. Our preparations made, our precautions taken, a long period of inaction set in, and nothing but the horrible anecdotes of bushranging, in which Jim George and Bristol seemed determined to outdo each other, kept alive the sensation of alarm in my mind, or prevented me from regarding the occurrence or the morning as a fortuitous accident, unlikely to be attended with any resuilts. Bushrangers had not been included among my personal experiences of Tasmania, and I was far from realising then, with the vivid fear of my better informed companions. We had taken up our station in the store-room, into which we had carried such loose articles as were at all valuable or portable ; and as the hours passed on, and no alarm was given, we began to think of returning to the more comfortable quarters formed by my room, when, as the darkness was rapidly settling down upon the earth, a shot fired within fifty yards of the house roused us from our fancied security. " Here they are !" whispered Jim George, as he rapidly extinguished the lights, and caught up his gun. Bristol armed himself with a heavy crowbar, and crouched down by the window, ready for an assailant in that direction ; while Jim and I took up our position on either side of the wide, heavy, clumsy door, ready to fire on the first who should burst it open. All was quiet for a little ; the dogs gave no signal of an intrusion. We waited breathlessly for the rush of footsteps, and the note of war from savage throats, neither came. " I'll end this," said Jim George. " Some one must be near, and there can hardly be more than one, or some noise must be heard." So saying, he softly undid the bolt, and bidding me stand little back from the doorway, with my gun ready, he opened the door just sufficiently to admit of his stepping noiselessly out, and glided away along the wall, towards the end of the long building in the direction whence the shot had come. My heart beat fast ; the suspense was becoming intensely painful, when I heard a voice cry " Stand " and George's answer : "I am standing. The next instant, the glimmer of light coming through the partially open door was stopped by the barrel of a musket being pushed through the opening, and again a voice cried " Stand !" Noiselessly, I stepped a little forward, so as to bring my gun on a line with the musket-barrel inthe doorway ; I raised the weapon ; in another moment I should have fired it, when Bristol rushed forward ; snatched the gun from my hand and shouted : " Good God ! it's Joe." It was Joe : and Joe, quite unconscious of his deadly peril, was pulled into the room by Bristol, grinning idiotically ; while I fell back against the wall, pale, sick, and trembling, at the fearfully narrow escape I had had of taking an innocent life. Bristol shouted to Jim George ; who came hastily, and was stupified with amazement on beholding Joe, who had thrown his discharged gun upon the ground ; and was laughing rudely, and pointing at me with his outstretched hand. " What do you mean, you grinning rascal ? said Jim, as he seized Joe by the collar and twitched him round towards him as if he had been a child. " Was it you who fired that shot just now, and called to me out there to stand?" "Yes, it was,"said Joe, rather, crestfallen, and making no effort to shake the strong hand off his collar. " I only did it for a lark." " What brought you here, you confounded idiot ?" said Jim, letting go of his hold, but still looking at him threateningly. " I came to fetch some tobacco - Jerry forgot it, " returned Joe sulkily. " What have I done? What are you all afeard on ?" " Why, you wretched fool," said Jim, " you have been nearer your death than you'll ever be again till the right time comes. I'd have shot you out there ; if I could have seen you, and the dog had barked ; and I cannot make out why your master didn't shoot you here." " Why-why-what do you mean ? Only a possum. I saw it, though it was nigh dark, dangling from a tree ; and then I thought it would be a lark to give Bristol a fright. I didn't know you'd come home, sir," said Joe, in a terrified whine. " I should have shot you dead, my gun to your head, in another instant, you foolish fellow,' I said. " Practical jokes don't do : for the bush. Bristol saved your life ; and me from a deed I should have bitterly repented." " Oh, curse your repentance," said Jim roughly. " The fellow's a fool. Come - let us leave him to his preserver, and get to bed." Bristol, who had been quietly relighting the candles, and putting the guns away, looked at him, and shrugged his shoulders with a disdainful air. Jim George stalked out of one door and in to the other, and I followed him, carrying a light, and leaving Joe, who was shaking and sobbing hysterically ; in all the terror of having realised the extent of his danger, and the narrowness of his escape, to the good offices of the convict, whom I at least trusted, if Jim George did not. We 'turned in' without delay, thoroughly tired with the exertions and emotions of the day. Jim George lay, puffing his pipe in the dark for a while, and growling staccato objurgations of the stupidity and absurdity of Joe. I felt their justice, but my mind was full rather of the merciful interposition which had saved me from killing the man ; and I was silent. After a while, Jim left off growling, and fell asleep, and I was just about to follow his example when a sudden thought occurred to me which induced me to sit up, very wide awake, and call out to my companion in a tone which effectually roused him : " Jim, Jim, its all clear about Joe, of course, but there's nothing in this explanation to account for the shot in the scrub." To Be Continued. 