THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TALE OF THRILLING INTEREST. CHAPTER X. REULLEN'S CURSE. BY HELEN CORWIN PIERCE. Authoress of "Lovely Nell," "A Battle for Love." "Double Doomed," "A Little Siren," "Barada's Fate," "Lasea the Beautiful," "Two Fortunes," "Strangely Severed, &c; " Toot mother is a very rich woman, is she not!" Doctor Varle said to his com panion as they moved down the halL " Rich enough j but it don't do me much good.™ Jaaper answered, sourly. " Has sh-> mad-) her will ?" '• I don't know. If she has, it is all left to Ken. She is not fond enough of me to leave rae anything-." ■■ Bat yo?*re Ken. If shedi--* without a will, it comes to you naturally, and if sh< leaves it to aim, yon get it So all you kav? to do is to ae-j she don't leave it to anyone else. Is tier* any outsider she ii Ukeiytowillitt^;'' •' Xot that I know of." ."All right. Sow; ynti.tAke, tne to my palijnt, and ihen so laok" and eqaara. thiags op with jronr mother. Yon muit talk her over. Evidently ?hc distrust* rae. She suspects that 1 am here for no gaod. You must banish that miatrust and •ajpL-ioa frota her mind It must be done if you want to succeed in all yon bare plumed. Ton can't get along without the old lady, my friend." Jasper must.have followed this sag* advice, and succeeded ia " talking hi* mother over." Some two or three minute* later Madam Eoel appeared ia her daughter-in-law'* apartment* .-he had made" an, elegant toilet. She mi calm, serene, almost Tike herself. So* had own*, she told Sibyl, with as aJibi* *ir, to t?U her who Doctor Varle was. and why he-tad come to - Kut>llen— why she bad been so agitated at seem; him. r "He ia an obi friend of m^ father's family.and cue to.whom we ara under many obligations," ahe said. " Tou gave him a strange reception for aa eld fneud," Sibyl interposed, lifting large, contemptuous eyes to madam's face. " He is a great student," madam went on, without noticing the interruption, "and knowing bow ejtueSry We lire, beside* want ing to pay us a visit, he has asked permis sion to bring his books and occupy a room is the tower for awhile." Sibyl started violently at mention of tbe tower, and a deadly pallor swept over tJe beautiful face. . ... \- I told him tbe tower waa said to be haunted, but of coarse be would not care for anything of that sort,"* madam went on, smiling. " Then Doctor Varle is to occupy a room in the tower?" Sibyl asked breathlessly. Madam Sael looked at her keenly for a moment. " Ye*.** aha: auuvered, slowly, watch ing Sibyl; ."tbe servant* are now pre paring him a sitting-room and bed-room on toil floor. Of course, all those rooms have been shot op so long they are in a sad condition with dust, mould, and cob webs, but the doctor will not listen to a word oMelatv He has got some wonder ful book he is writing nearly done, and wants to get at it at once and fiiish it. So we are trying to get his rooms ready for him to take possession of them to night." "WbieA Tpora are:yon. preparing for m*?" Sibyl asked, rising and facing madam excitedly aa she waa about to go. "Yoo, dear child?" madam exclaimed. •' What a cjuestion f Do yon want one of those dreadful tower rooms, toe V Sibyl Ooaked' after steadily■ tfinotnenfc" Her lti-a were white, but they did not tremble a particle, and there was no falter ing in tbe sweet voice-as she said: " Do' yon- think yon can impose on me. madam, with your absurd story of studying and writing a book .* Do yoa imagine for one moment that I do not know what Dorter Varle is here for as well aa you do?" Madam Rnel sailed a little. She could afford Ux Mad not Javper, in obedience to hi* pale familiar's snge^stion, succeeded in infusing her sick and aching heart with something like hope f She smile-d faintly, ther-fore, under that infloenc-i. Bnt the hope ws* destined to be almost aa transient as the smile was faint and flea-ting. " I have told yon what h-> is here for. If yon do not believe me, I cannot help It," she said. Then ahe or-rs-it-d the door, and vaiting for no man, went out of tbe room. Sibyl taxrnttd to Mi** Gs—, aad caught her hands. •• Ob, that awful tower, Pradenc* V she <-rit<d. in wild en-itement' "Do yoa know they say no one ever cica-trpie* tbo*e rooms without a ta-aga-dy following ? Shall I tell you what t-r-twt-dy is tM-risur. aamf.L They are going to that, me" op there with that i horrible doctor to watch me and pretend 1 aa mad tall ,1 go mad --ealry or tlie with ! terror of him," She dung to Mis* Garr with cold arid 1 trembling hand*. The tweet, white face was dr-*r-ched in tt-axs. '** Fmdtrace. .tay with me, bold me fast! Don't let therm ss-peu-ate ris, sriH _roa r~ said sis- -i She laid her lovely beard on Pi-odeacer'i shoulder, and lobbed hy-rt--ricaxl]y. Mill Qrarr *or<hrsl lier with ehes?rfnl and lovinj words. Sbe held her fast in her true, aj-rettg -ureas,. Hasae x-*ra-e-nis>ed tte-rer to leave her. Sodderily Sibyl stood up, drying her eye* snd laaagbing aat-ad. rt-oc*nngiy. "* 1 am not afraid 1" she said. " I will not let t-bexa nake tae afraid! Come, let nt go and *cc ray fetor* prison, and if that akath a ha_d-i?tor is taiere, I will look- ia his batefnl .face, ami ?=-!•> deflarr/i at hua."- : Miss Gut would have persuaded Lev to remain, ia her own room, but it wa* u-e -lea_..-i : - As tbey went along. Sibyl said : " There are a great ireany quean- itories of taxis plee* they <-all the tower. They call it tbe curse, and *oiae people believe tt catiito* l--e dewtroyed. It vu bnilt by a Frenchman, who murdered his wife in one of the root-as, and then fcnng himself. It it a great many years older than the main rwtiliunjr, and tbey cay the mansion itself has been several times destroyed by fire. ebnt the tower escaped, or was somehow -saved, each time. It ia built entirely of mahogany logs, brought from a great dis tance and at immense expense. " There is a wonderful carved door lend ing; into it, covered with scroll work. bird*, flowers, and all sorts of fantvlie fibres •lone exquisitely, and tbey say that any one who ha* tie patience can tr-rice nut plainly aittonfe all tho..? fine lir.es and that qtieer caxvixi>- the words 'RuiH'-i'* fun/. Ah,here we are!" she t-oncluje.!, as they came in sight of a short, wij-> paeeage with a high, large arched door at each ex tremity. These doors were. open, and servants were harrying to and fro throogh the raaassge. A* tbey pae-ed on. Miss learr notir-ed that the inner door at the inrtr.er ex tremity of tbe short corridor was covered with an elaborate -arving. They found themselves in a larec •••■.nnre room, ravith a tine, tall dorabte window looking toward the garden, from bt-fore which a man was at this moment cutting away the large masses of ivy which had overgrown it. Bibyr*iiot a swift glance around the room, aln-os* expea-ting to see somewhere the j^e-vtsagetf doctor of whom she had st-ch a hc-rror. But he was not there. Bttsidi* the open window, wat-diing the man cut the ivy, stood tbo girl who called bersjlf Lucy Venner to everybody here but Jaspvr Prince. Site turned at Sibyl's and Miss Oarr's entrance and fixed her lustrous, jewel-like eyes on the beautiful, dark fa:e of the former with a strange expression. Sibyl looked back at her like one fiis ctna.a>d She recognised tho girl who had brought the telegrim to the impostor the nixrht before. It was cot a fa-xs to forget easily. She felt a sort of gratitude toward her for b'inj the m-nns, even indirectly a* sho "a.p.?-?e.l. of removing that hata-fiil pre sence from her room, and she smiled nt her. The girl only returned a cold, almost insolent stare. Suddenly Sibyl I timed to Miss Garr, clatohin- her arm with violence, her furs' like ashes. •' Mark 1 What was tbat ?" sh.- breathed, hoarsely, her burning gare fastened on n dist.tnt door. At that very moment, the i..?ir. as if blown by a strong gust of wind, flow open, and weryoae in the room heard a dread ful, wild, agonising cry that seemed to sweep through the aperture as if from some upper region. '" Lily : Lily 1 Lily 1" came with awful, horriblo distinetnos*. Prudence threw lioth arms around Sibyl, whoa*.- looks frightened her. " Let me go ! It ia the name he always called me by 1 He ii here—he is here 1" sibyl cried, huskily.' ;< CHAPTER XI. THE 6TOBI-BOOH. Through the open door ran Sibyl. '• My darling 1 inj darling! my darling I" she kept *cr?amiug : .Beyond the door, sbo fonnd herself in a handsome octagon-shaped hall, originally lighted by a sky-light of stained gla**. This was now covered with the thick ivy which'had gro?n over the whole of the tower, and the hall would have been en tirely dark but for the light of the room behind her. A pretty winding stairway, with gilded rails and velvet carpet, sprang airily away upward. irjmbling in every limb, so that she could scarcely keep from falling, Sibyl began in desperate haate to mount the stairt : Stumbling at ewry step ia her excito mejit, sVat last reached the first landing, and cams suddenly face to fnee wiih Jasper Prince just emerging from a room, the door of which he shot quickly n* he saw lior. and stood leaning against the paneled wall with choking brvatn. " She heard him ! Good heavens, what shall we do now ?" lie muttered, hoarsely. He had taken the bandage froai his b.-ad again, and without it he luoked. in the half gloom, more like his hapless brother than ever. For the third and List time that marvel lons and startling likeness derived the nihappy and de*pcratcly wronged young wife. But only for the fragment of a second. *' Rennet !"?hescr.'Amed, and fell back, shuddering from bead to foot with a sick horror that was like death- " You ?" ?be ejaculated,faintly. "Oh,God—oh.heaven! must it be alway* you ?" The scorn on the beautiful face, th: light of contempt in the lovely eyes, were plain to see eves in that dim place. " He is here somewhere," Sibyl mur mured to herself, but aloud. Then, in a railed voice, the called i " Kennck I Kenrick !"* An instant's breathless ulcrace followed. Jasper* tongue clove to the roof if hi* month. He tried to speak, to make a noise, to drown sny reply that might 00-au> to tbat piteous call. But the worvls stuck in his throat, and his limbs refused to more. '. Then both heard tome slight sound* To Sibyl's excited fancy, it aeem.'-l a-i if someone or something was moving in the room behind the imjKxttor—the rvorn she bad just seen him come out of and shut the door with an air of hosts, and trepida tion '* I believo be is in there," she said, fix ing a bright, level gaze on Jasper's chang ing face. "Stand aside, and let me see what it in tbat room behind you." Miss Gan had followed Sibyl from the re.m below. She stood very near. The servant* who were pt-*jxaxing the cliamber for Doctor Varl* had eotne to tbe door of the' octagon ball, and word listening eagerly. " My dis-uroit," Jaiper said, in entreating tone*, for the benefit of the listeners. " 1 will ?how you the rc-tm, certainly; there is nothing ia it but old foj-niture Hut do not spaak ao lond, I beg of you Tbe ser -rants will think you are craury to be going on this' way, calling me in that high tra gedy voice, when I am right here with -rotx." •• Open that door!" was all tbe answer she made. He turned and slowly erpened it. \- Sibyl and Mist tisrr pressed forward. Jasper lighto I some matches and showed them that the rt-*>m conta.neai nothing but old furniture. It Taimr d & sta-re Bta- travf-e pine-- for decrepit table*, chairs, invalided ward robes and bureaus, cranked mirrors, pic ture frame*, and all inch odds and ends as a^r-umulate in laa-ge houses. It was crammed with these, even to the ceiling, and so near the door a* to barely leave room to open it. *• Are yon satisfied ?" Jasper asked, in a sneering Toioe. " Will you allew ma to close the door ?" The two ladies drew back. Jasper ahut tbe door. Sibyl was quite calm by this time. She had conquered the fierce agitation that had seised her at sound of the voice she believed to hare been her husband's. She tamed to Miss Osrr. *■ DM yoa hear someone call Lily three times jutl now as tbe door flew open and 1 ran out J" *• I did," Mist G.irr ar-twered. '■ Every bodr in the houw beard it, I gut**." *• Did it sound like thi, man* voice.'' • Not in the least." ?* Nevertheless, it was mine," Jasper lahl coolly. " I did not know, darling, that you were anywhere cear. iiut I was thinking about yon very intently, and feeling very onhappy over yonr treatment of mc, the strange'hallueir.af.in which his taken tuch compete pos*c*suin of you concerning me. In m: diatri-i of mind I altered joji name — the oil pet name l ase-l to call you br when xsr were ao happy." •' I-iir I" Bii.vl breathe-.! thr ugh her tlght .hut teeth "It wa. not you. That ws, my huibatnl who called me. whether in Ihe body or no', you know best. I'erhapt you hive rauriiired him. Certainly you could never have obtained that ring uf Ins which you are wearing by any fair means I" A caiiious, ashy wbitenost went suddenly onr '.he impostor's face iikr> a flash. His lilac's eyes irSo-ve.! like dull nvals. All tit once thtie came again, from t-ime vxh- re near, lhat laund which bad ttartle-l Sibil l>?forc—s sound as of some violent nioi-in.tnt-s-.meone.trnggling. perhapt. ■■ 1) v.iv hear that '" the hltat-J in an ex cile-l whisper to Prudence. Th-n : " Keuti kl Kenrick ! Oh, Kenrick! Ken rick :"ahe ihritkel. K.ir perhaps a second of lime the impostor stood as if stunned, but with an awful look of rxicg'ed fear and rage on hia dark, aahy Tb--. selling Sibyl violently by the arm, he truil to lull her toward the ttairt, bat by a sw ft, deft movement she releaied herself sn 1 f ami him with glittering eye* \- II xv >i?re yoa touch me f" the Cried. " I'll touch you to tome purpoaxe if you don't stop tcreechlng like lhat 1" he tail. •• I U gin to think as my mother lay*, that the Iw-t place for you ia where they put other lunatic* and know how to take care of them " " Thanks," returned Sibyl iri y. She moved * few steps tow?rd a second stairway leading npwerd. " Where aro you going now!" ho de i manded. " I am going to sco what is in thoio upper chamber*." 11... scowled at her itng-ily. " There is nothing up there but dust and dirt. 1 don't suppose anyone hasbes-n in ai.lo them for years. The servants never go near them, and wonld not for any money. They are so afraid of ghosts." '• 1 wish to see them." lie stood sotaii momenta glowering at her and thinking it over. •• Very well," he said atlmst, in a sullen v.ii.-c—"you shall nee them. You would stiud there a week, I've no doubt, s.?ner than not get your otvu way. 1 will show you the roims, but we must have a. light Tbe ivy he, grown over all the windows till it is aa dark as pitch up there. Como down in the lower room and wait till I can get ft lamp." " Wo will wait here," said Sibyl. " No, you won't. You'll do as 1 s.iy, or you won't a.v the rooms nt all!" he de clared, fiercely. "Do ru he nays, d.-ar. What doe* it matter?" whispered Miss Garr. Sibyl yii'ld-d reluctantly. Sonifthing— some voice within her seemed to rise up and say. " Don't go." Yet ahe went. Jasper quietly locked the door of tbe store-room before going with them, and Sibyl noticed that lie did so with a v?-?u.. feeling of uneasiness. The listeners in the lower hall scattered at their approach. : Jasper seat one of th-m after & lamp, and Sibyl and Miss Garr sat down on a velvet sofa while they waited. a'he impostor, ?r_axn almi.t imperceptible aignil from the girl his mother called Lucy Tenner, went over to the window, where she was by herself now, tbe man who hitd been cutting the ivy havinx; finished his job and gone. Tnore was a faint, tarcastic gleam in the lovely greeni>.h-grey eye* as she gUn-asd narelessly at the others in the mom, and tb .n turning her back upon them, leaned slightly from the window. •* Don't fool worth a cent, does the ?" sho said, wi.h a soft sneer. Jasper mratttired something not for cart polite to heir. fhe girl laughed wickedly. : ''See, here, Belle,'" he said, speaking low, *' I will put thi* key on the window till—so—ai.d yon mult take it without tbose others seeing you. Go out from here and slipup from the floor under this to that room, and tell my. mother the *Una tion. He must be kept quiet; there must be no noise whatever—not a sound either by voice or movement She knows how tn quiet bun and 1 want ber to do it. Con* founded nuisance bis getting so lively al! at on oo." Hello took tba key and glided away on her errand. The servant* who wero passing about, attending to the room, stole furtive and enrious glance* at Sibyl Prince and Miss Garr. Both ladies looked pale and excited. ''Eviirybody in this room must have heard that voice calling me." Sibyl said, ia a k>? tone. "Do you suppo-u. tlwy all tb.'Ught it waa that wretch yonder speak ing; f '" " They all looked sr.ai-tl.-d ; some of them seemed frightened. -somconecri'-d'Ghost '■' at you ran out of the room. Then another slid, laughing, it was „nly Mr Prince call ing you." IJelle was not long absent. As she re entered the room there wa* a whit-, tx cited look on the vivid and starting!' lovely face which it had not worn before. The servant who had gone for the lamp was just bringing it. Ilarlle went up to Jasper Prince. • He w;ll lie kept quiet." she said, in a lou voice. " Now, listen to me. 1 want yon to tell me to take that lamp aud go with fair Sibyl on her exploring exjvjt tion." • ■ You ?" he exclaimed, angrily. " What for .- You want to make mischief." " Yon do as f say, or I will male tnisi oief right now," she said, oldie ; and he iiii'l to obey. *• ll.' is going to send thAt queer girl with ns, instead of coming himself," Sibyl sai-1, low, to Prudence Garr. *' I don't lit.- her. but any ono ia better than him." •• Don't let them star any longer than yoe eaa possibly help. Belle," Jasper *?• sal ing, in an undertone, 'or 1 am afraid theraj wil! be the devil to pay. 1 dou't more than half trust my mother ia this business." ll.'ilc gave a little, mocking laugh. " lie must be a very queer devil if be won't trust such a good customer as you,' the said •• This girl will show you the haunted ruotnt, Sibyl, if you are still beet on ea-eing them." the impostor said. '{.-lie advanced smilingly, and led the way with that light, gliding step peculiar to her. As .he stood at theiir-tt landing, waiting for them, lamp in hand, the darknc.s be hind ber, tho glittering brightness of ber hair, the (*-a-*ini*ti lustre of her strange yet loti-ly eyes, the wonderful waxy whitcne of lor perfect face, came out wilbaUrtliag distin.-tness Tbe picture would have been without i, Caw, but for the faint, sneering imili' thai curved the colt, red lips- Kihjl shrank a little tloavir toiler tou. paniun. "' I don't like her," ehe whispered again to Miss Garr. ••And she don't like you," Belle said, coolly. "Oh, I have good ears, Mr. Prince," as Sibyl 1.-.-.ked at her in naught' , uiqxriss.'. At the stairs Sibyl paused, pyeing tho beautiful, mocking creature s-arebingly. •• Who are your" she asked, coldly and •icrnly. " 1 am madam's new maid," Ilelle an swered, with demnrely lowered eyelid*, ana dropping; a mocking; servant- girl cour tesy. " Name of Lucy Yenner." Sibyl drew a sharp, startled breath. •• Ah," she utter-rd. '* You are in the plot, too. That is why he sent you with tbe lamp. I wonder what e'.te you are, Miss Lucy Venni-rr" "Juat lH*en iworn in aa a-?siat*nt police deU-ctivo," Bella anawored, flippantly, lift ing her bssautiful, bold eyes to the awect, dark face of the woman to whose persecu tors she had dchberately joined herself. CHAPTER XTI. " ST BOT I II JI'JT !" As the two lovely women stood gazing into each other'* eyes, there came ? curious pause. " >Ue U one of them! Sim is with them' Bhi> knows all about it:' Sibyl was saying to h.-rself, while an emotion of keen shame tore at the heart of the other. Jasper Prince had followed to the foot of the stairs, and ?u-od listening. At thi? moment be coughed alightty. Belle heard him. Tbe beautiful, still infatuated woman had been told that Uo expected to get a Urge sum of money out of this •' atlair with sibyl Prince," and that when he had gut it he would take her and go clearawav out of the country, and begin a new life in some other land. .->h? waa f^ol unough. in spite of her natural cU-vem.-SA, to believe him once more, and she had promised to help him So, us she saw the handsome, evil face peering round tbe curving stairs at her, she (east off all compunction for the cruel part she waa playiug, and moving lightly up the next flight, called airily to the Others: " Now then, ladies, if you want to see the haunted rooms, follow me." Without a word, Sibyl and Miss tiarr moved after her. A* they went by the door of the store room, Sibyl's dark eye* lingered on it with a sti ange fascination. " If there is such a thing as a haunted room," she said to Prudence. " that is OOP." Dalle stopped end looked at bar very curionaly. Then banting into a still more csrio?i laugb the went on quickly, and aa I they harried after her, they found her un locking ix door on the nest Door, which she threw open with a flourish. " Knter!" blio cried, gaily. " Behold tho Kho.t!" It was a larvfc, sqnaro ro mi, much like tho one being prepared for Doctor Varlo. I Snmptitoiisly furnished once purl-aps, but everything was no covered with dust nnd cobwebs now, that what wa* beneath could not much more than bo guessed at. Mia* Winner ran into the room, and, like a freakish child, pretended to look under the missive high-post bedstead which o'cupied the centre of the apart ment, and on top of the gold-fringcdcauopy Of velvet. Mio pulled op *n closets and wardrobes, aud 1.-olo.i behind dressing-ease and rtofa with 1-hil.orata' 7..m1. Sibyl watched her thoughtfully. " Tnat girl is playing a part," she said to herself. •' She is acting in this ridicu -1 ins linxnner to .-over her real feelings. 1 believe she know* all about Ken,and could t-U me thirl moment where he is, if she ohose." At the thought, her heart seemed to l-ap into her throat -, her swe>t lips began to tremble ; iier .'yes riiloil veith t-'Ars. She went bivvaril th? girl. Miss Venner Ceased from a f.inlaitic at erupt to look up the chimney, at, her approach. She Hiir.ink visibly l-efnre the white agony imprinted on that Iteititifiil fac ■. Uer eyes fell to the dusty floor; sho hit her red lip fiercely, and .veined to struggle desperately sa.itli some inward agitation. Sibyl touched her with a shaking hand. •' Toll me," sho eutrentu I, iv the iovr, re pressed tones of n tairriole anguish—" oh, tell me what has income of my husband 1 *fou can. lam sure. And you don't look as tho.igh xou bail a cruel heart.* There was the f.iint sound of n cough not so very far away. Lucy Venneratirted slightly, and threw up ber iwl-g.ld head. " Don't 1 r ' she sii.l, with a hard, inso lent air. " Then my 1.-ofca b->lie me. i hsvvo a heart of tlitit, 1 assure joti, Mrs Prince." Then, with a sudden change of tone: *' Don't y-u think you are silly nmr ask ing mo win re your hub.m.l is, when you know as well ns i ilo tnat ho is down in Doctor Yurlo'a rov>in t>-utiug for you •" Sibyl dre* hack. She lcaned'her hand heavily ..n Prudence Garr'* .boulder, and that'faithful friend slipped a strong, au_i porting arm about the trembling ;i_;iiro. *• What.!.. you do it for r" SibxT said t.i Mia, Yenner. " You are in league with Madam Kuel ami that intituiou* wretch she calls her sou. You ar." working for them. You do not look like :i girl who would do a wiofci-,1 and cruel deed for money; but if that is it, I can give you as inunii i-erhnpt aa they." "• How much ." Lucy Yenner asked, with a pertly aerious air. " I have thirty thousand dollars of my own. I .till give yiu every i-iinx- of it if yon xviii toll me wln-re lay iiu,l...nd is " I " I don t think t'uirty thousand dollars jis much," .ilib.s Yenner aaid, airily. i "Didat I henr something iihoutii will that gave yon .ii.ryt.iimg — all his great for tune r Wiil you give me that, toor"' Sibyl shuddered violently at the dread ful iinplieatioa. Her very hpa vrcru ahito. ■' You are it wicked, heartless j-irl," she sai.l, in a low voice. L-.i-y V.-nner laughed aloud. •• Sii-- i? .in insolent hii.-.sy," Miss (Jurr laid, vvitii ludiguaut wrath, her bright eyea j spar-Jin^. " 1 would Cot tatlk to tier, my dear. 110 you want to see aay tnoro rooms ?" ' Tb-re are two tl..ora above this," .Mi?s | Yeaa-ir said, pretending to laugh violently at Mi.-s liatr. "Wo might find something un there, and then we iaavu not looked in the liii-sciin-nt, either. Would you like tor Wf may as well do the thing thoroughly while vie an* about it. You will bo sorry if ynti-lon't, I am Mire." She l.siked al Prudences* she spoke, the greenish c,' r,'. v eyes luminous and in.?.king. Prml.-iK-e was lioiling over, but shy hail t;ie good sense to see that xvord-s were wasted breath here. Tbe v..ry spirit of diablerie possessed Lucy Yenner. Even Sibyl was not more wretched than she, her heart wrung with a torture ot doubts and fears, the thought of which she tried to drown by rattling on in this absurd fashion. They went to the other t"o floors above this, hut the rooms were only a reproduc tion of tho ones they had seen, and they gave it up. As they returned post the store-room, -sibyl put her hand on the door. It ws* iockod. •' ilr Princo has tho key," Lncy Vunncr oxplixinod, volubly. '* Tlioy have been i-.'Uiuj* some things out of here for Doctor Varlt-'s room." Jasper I'rinec watched the departure of Mis. Garr and Sibyl from the tower with the L..neat sensition of relief ho linJ known for a long time. "It was a very narrow escape," he mut tered. •• Tow whole business canni mighty near saiashing." " It inu-t havu bs-en tint wretch I beard, after all." -Sibyl tiud, drearily, t-> ML. | irtrr. -He seems e_u.i! to anything " By ni-htfrUl Doctor Varle's pla-.v was, ready lor him. and .Mi 1 i-n fin.-l nnd Jis _-.-r had earain bim cotniortubly in.tall-.--l then-ill lb-' spectral-taaseal physician epar.-J uo p;xii.s to iiiiile himself iigreeitble to the fair md proud old ltxdy, and to remove from her mind the hntoful impressions wldc-i he i cajul 1 see his coming had maiie. Hut iie did n .t succeed very .veil. Moduli wen- it -nic, diatrea-'-'d a*id w..m 1 air, in spite of nl! his effort-i. Sh"ii.hi.-ti'd m Jasper aecoupanyingh'r when she retired to her own apartment •tad he went moat reluetantlv, muttvriiii. to him--It that he supposed lie was in for -mother " jit.v." " 1 want to tiilk to you alone," a'uo said, ns they went aloui;. " Well I don't want to talk toymi," he thoi.irlit. " but 1 expect 1 shall havo to stand it " " W.-ll now, what is it." he naked, dis asjr...-iiblr. m hi* mother shut the door. M'.d?in faced around up iv Uiin excitedly. ••! .loii't like that miin,'she said, "if | I hud seen him before you brought him hero, he should never have come." '■Why not?" Jasper asked, shrugging bis ah..older* and lifting his dark eyetrowe in li a.iy that was, particularly offensive to his mo'.h.r. • I'.o.iu.i lei- baleful— he is awful! I i-iiul.l din or i'-i mud in-self if I had to be snut i.i. vv.lii hita rill tl.etiuie." '- W, .!, nally,' sne- rtv.iJ.-x.p-r. -• I ah.miH ihii.k v nt ir.iii.it he .1 litt'e off your hi-c a! re-x.iv to go ..tl in this way. I don't lire any l.lul- avrfui o." hateful alloilt |K>or old Varle. ihuup I don't call him a beauty by an mean*." -He looks wiikcd, Jaiper. He looks as if there wis no evil deed that he would lull tale at." • We'd, you nceln't call me by that rime if he lues." her *>n sa!J, savagely. "It i* u'l ion nervou.n. *s and imagination. Y.-u I'siatul up >n Kin having a dor-tor an I ai alteii innt. This man tills the bill for both. I d .hi set vv hat you arc getting up all this rurr'|i'!s aboil." ••lie fii-Lt nt me; he mikes my flesh creep I ma-lam breatbe>l, In hashed, tup pressed tonet. " Oh. bosh ! 1 hope he will frighten othei folks, ami make them keep away from tb. tow-r rooms." Ma am wrung her white and jcwellcsi h*n !? t-grthcr In a sort of frenty. ••I feel a.'though a devil bail como mb the hour*," the sail, In the same breathle*. way. "See h*?,?opi>atawechaivgethafrabject,' Jasper exclaimel, angrily. - What is don. cant be undone, can it! Did JOU hay. much trouble with Ken while Sibyl and bci sheep-do., were (Hiking around .' ' Madam thudJcied aad comptt-*sed her lips. "It wa* horrible,'' sho said. " He wool.' not take the drop* wiliiugly. anl I could not bear to force him. 1 kept my band over hit mouth a gr-od deal of the Has, bat be was (oo weak fo make a lot I round, I believe, alter tint one ifrantic effort. If seemed to etbansl bim. He struggle I a Litis several tlmei against me, but he was too weak to do much Rut oh. how he loo.cd at rae I Oh. tbe reproach, the angui.h, tho wonder, in his unhappy eyes] It was horrible to nic to treat hlra so. And now thi, dieadfu! doctor I I cannot, cannot bear it I Oh, my boy, my boy. what shall Ido ? Heaven's morcv, what •hallldo'" I CII\PTBII XIII. A WABMINi;. " I :.ay drop tlitit I We have hid enough aril more in that strjin, 1 should lliink" (liisp r br.ik>! in, hirshly. lie wis very pile, but he laughed sneer :ingly. " What a fake," lie said. •• Pair Sibyl little dream-, what lay beyind all thoie decrepit chain an 1 broken- leirgal tables C ever schem-i tint. No one but mo would ever have thought of it." Sullenly, to her *<ij'* nmazimcnt and di.tnar, tladain Ii" 1 fell on her knees before him. •' .fa?p:r,"shc entreated, wildlv," goaway. For Gal's sake—if y.m don't want to kill me. if you don't want me lo die of horror and fevr—go away. Leave the country, ai yi.ii swore to your generous brother yon would, that night when h-j raised the ten thousand dollars for ym." " (ieneroui brother." m >;ked .laspir 41 That money came to me from my father— tbe old-despot—llang to ot as n bine to a dog—accursed brlb-j lo get ms out of th country for fear I sh-juM bring his hi^ii an I migh'y hea I down to a level with my own." "tfasmel oh, shirae!' madam exclaimed, ri-inir to her feet. "Yonr father lavished m .ncy upon you. He trie! In every iKHsible w y lo make a good m-ui of you, but you ?' iu I not. The Bfii" he d;i for you the wor*e you weie. You chnne vvil com panions, yo.i i>lun.:o-l Into vies although it w. re your natural olemenL Hut not till yo;i became au a.'tuil criminal—till you bad forfeited all right to an honourable name— ii I }onr father'* heart harden to you. He mil; hi* will, giving everything ho p?iei??l t.. me fir-t, and to Kenrick afterwar I, either at my death or on my marriage, llut he male v* bith swear that from tint money yon should ncrer hare a penny except the ten thousand dollars, and not that unless y-in :ir*t mule oath to leave the cannery. Ken-L-k had no choice in the. matter If he I r I done differently he would havo forfeited ev.nythiug by the term, ot the will, aud you would have !>-cn no better off. Why don'l im reproach mc for not giving you more money. I am very rich by my second huati.nd's -Colonel Rue!'*—generosity, but I hive, never given yoa much money, because. I know you would only vie it to plunge de, per into crime and shame." • You were so terribly afraid I might dls graca you," he sneered. " Didn't I give up ray own name and take another that was not nunc for fear anyone should know I was r-l it I to yon.'" \- V .a t.-.'-. Knottier name because your faiir r declared if frou did not be would publi.-Iy disown you, and ncrer under any circumstances give you any more money." .la-per laughed harshly. "Well, I kept my word about-that, any way." " I'ity you had notio other thing, as well," •he eiM.blit.-rly. "I don't think you ever kept your word unless you thought you were going to in ike something by it" "i'h. come now," he said, "you and my father were always down on me!", '• Wo were not. We lored yoa and your brother both the same. If anything, we w. re better to you, because you tried n, mr re, and ne were more aniioo, about yon. I'.ut it was of no use. You never loved any. thing hut yourself. Yoa never cared for any living creiturc cneugb lo deny yourself the .unll-.iii fraction for it* siko.**" ).( " Tint's so; and what I want I'll have. If the bittotnlen pit yawns "Jasper sneered. "Yes, yes, yet!" moaned tho unhappy mother-"you will, yoa always would. I coull almost fin! it in my heart to wish at this moaient Chat you were back for life be'itiid those iprl-on bars from which you have escaped. Oh, my ton," iho cried, fren -ietly. falling on her knees again, "go away before worse happens I .Go, go, go! I will give yo i money; I will "giveyou anything If you xvill only go I" . / "Welt, f xvoa't! Da you understand that." I wont go a step! It is tho firtt time In my life I ever bad a tlgo of n chance, and I'm going to hold to it now—l swear I am. I'd do It, if for n*> other reason, for the sake of bringing down that hiruls-ime jade win call* me an Impostor and looks at ms at it I were a snake. I'll bring-her.low. I'd rither conquer her thin hare a million of money. I'll do It, too. Gel up, mother. It yoa knell there till the judgmenti.day, it w.iul-l make do difference.' Ma lam R lei rewe slowly to her feet, un ii iel. lliir son offered M help her, but ah-, rej c.ed his assistance xrith a bitter ges ture. " A carsc ran.*, be upon me to have b-iroc sj-h ii ion," she laid, hustrsely. "How in heaven's name can yoa, bora of the same i.'v.l, nurs-d .11 the lime brexsl, cradled in ili; .ime arms as yoir brother, watched. tend.:!. car-.-.! for more temletly than ho, be *o diUiitiiiit .* lie—so honourable, high min led, manly, and kin! -" " Kind I" meered Jasper. " How about lhat will of his giving everything ho has to fair Sibyl? lou were pretty savage abo.it that 'uusin sjs, if my m-iinory serve*, me." " The tnone-y i, hii o*rn. I hive enough, I wi, xrronr*. I nr- sorry f ever tmiJ n vrorxl, or felt SO about it, lie has always l>.-e:i a gor.d, kind, loving pin to me. He n>'V?.-r oro;se I me or displeased me in hia life, exe.-pt ulku:t hii mirria -o and that will. 1 don't eire for nny of it now. Oh, my Liol, no!" thu unhappy woman groaned, despairingly, with uplift,al hands and -trv-iiiiiiii. tear*. "If I ..mulil only undo eivrvthioe* iiin.v that awful night when you "l.roui-lit bim b.-r.-, bruiee-J and bat tered, bli'idin^iind tibcm-chm.*, and made .ue 1.-lieve that the iitilc'lH of the liw were i.fter yen. and that yutir only safety Uy iv I'liSaiiii. yourbvlf for y.mr brother for a :ovv iLiy.s. Kur a few days, you auiil and s.v._>re to in..* '." ilni ri'p-'at.-l, her voice. rising shrilly in her Ujjony of wr-ith utnl despair. " And here you are yi-l. Oh. my wrong-isd, my outraired, helpless son, what will becomo of you ?" •' Yes, here I am yet. and here I moan to stay, as 1 have told you s good many times," Jasper said, doggedly. " You jit^ht to know me too well to have over believed that I would keep so silly n pr.o iuise ai thtt Vila aliout going away from co snug ii nest as this. Here I am, and here I mean to stay." " I know yon do" Mvlaru Ruel slid, !.a*j.airinv;ly. *• You will at-.y, living this falsi" and cruel life, i.xuipellinj' ma lo a course that my soul abhors, and that wrings my heart, until you have driven ne into my grave, and booked yourself for •verlasting perdition. But one thing one thing, J ispcr Prince, you shall not do a-hile I live!" sho went on. with returning excitement. "I don't liko that Doctor Varle of your*, lie is a villain, a wretch! lie ia enable of anything;. What have you brought him here for ?" Jasper tva* livid. His eyes fell. Ho iciuhl not look her in the face. " You know what he is here for," he uisvvered, in thick, sullen tone*. " What is the use of going all over that ground ig*tin P Let old Varle alone, and toll mo what is the one thing I shall not do while you live. Perhaps it is soaethiriij I don't want to do." She leaned toward him, her splendid old face blanching to deathly whita- ncs*. her ayes tureruin?; to sink in her head, and the oand ihe laid on his ihoulder shaking with an awful and unnatural tremor. Jasper slannk befonx tbat dreadful gate. " Jasper Prince," the said, in a curdling srhiapcr," if by bo much as a hair's breadth you try to hurry jour brx->Ui-!r out of exist ence, oeirnre! From that moment I abandon j-ou. I tell everything. I give you back to the justice you have so often outraged —the prison, which is the only home you can appreciate or deserve." A* she ceased rmeaxsring, the t tag rae i a Uttle, the head which clotebed hi* taWd?r turned icy, and the other faltered, with a i groping raorement about the bosom of ber dress. She fell forward heavily, leaning against him. •■ Another attack 1" he mnttered. lie wa, all that iho had laid—without honor, without principle, aim .at destitute 0 f nitural affliction, hut he could not quite san I atiil a-id let hi* mother die In his arm, without "lifting * band. I!.; tried frantically for a moment to find the little vial of drops Doctor Vailc hml given her. and which ho knew she kept nbo'it her p-moii. Then he ca'led out, h iar?cly : "Hele!" His lipshal no time to close before the door nf the iiroi.*ing-roo:n opene I, and mi lam's eccentric nnd lovely maid ap peared. Sho stoo 1 r-sranling him a moment In con temptuous annulment. ' What—sgain I" she exclaimed. And going to hit aide, together they pi iced the unconscious woman upon a lounge llillc longht and found li the bowm of mi lam's dreis tbe little vial, and proceeded to let a few drops fall, a, Do-tor Varle had d -ne, belwe*-n h-r ashy lips. " This is ' *.ho second time to-day, my fii-nI," ahe sail. " Thit is very dangerous. I) i you want lo kill yonr mother!" There wot no answer. Mho looked up at him. • WhAt has Iveeome of that ten thousand dollars yonr brother gave you .'" the asked. Jasper tnrnc 1 cold. •' Listening, wore yon..'" ho exclaimed, angrily. •Uf course," wai the cool rejiimler. "I warne-l you. I don't intend tint very much woi-h c ncerns yo i shall g . on in this hoisc wi bout my knowing it. Hut I knew alnut th : money before. The first time you came here, after leaving1 me, you had jour mother t.'leentph to your brother ami bring him ba-k ln>m his bridal tour to get you tint m ncy. Poor woman I how little shu -uapue t.-l, nr he, cither, tin' it was all a trick to ge- bim In your power " "11 iB a lie! It was no trick. I was on tho same train with him nnd Sibyl when th .y started away again, it is true, nnd I wai dtsgntse.!, hut I did not make tho smash-up." •• Oh, no !" sho sneered i " you only took advantage of it to come back here with him, stuff the -poor fellow in a holo to die, and hide Rick Halsey, tho forger, nnder biiname." Jasper grow livid. Rending down suddenly as she knelt by tb? couch, bo cienched his strong band in tbi masses of her glittering hair and forged her head back till he oould look ber square in the eyes. '* If you ever utter that name ngainhero," he hUsod, " l will murder you." ilelle laughed aloud. ■' All right." she aaid. " Sow you've til I me, let go my hair and answer my question about the money." .'taper fell back with an_oath. Mii-dam ituel was longer ia coming ont fro-n this attack than she had been from tbe one in the morning. As he released her, Hello prooeeded with tho utmost coolness to let a couple more drops fall from the little vial upon those locked white t.-eth. | Her delicate, slender hand was as steady as though carved in marble; the lovely, greenish-grey eye* which watched those aihy lips never wavered from their task by so much as a hair. ■ ' (To 6* Cmtiwted.) ' 