Harvest Festival Services. ——♦—— WILLIAM-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. For some years past the Wesleyans of Bathurst have celebrated the ingathering of harvest by special services in the William-street church. This year no ex- ception has been made, unless in the heartier zest which has characterised the poceedings, and the larger numbers who have attended the services. Recently the William-street Church has been thoroughly renovated, newly roofed and artistically ceiled and colored. This circumstance no doubt materially affected those who under took the festival decoration, inciting them, if possible, to out-do previous efforts, and in this it is evident they succeeded. The church was beautifully adorned in befitting garlands of flower end fruit. The garniture of the pulpit and communion table and its enclosure was delightful to look upon Flowers and foliage, fruit and herbage were most artistically disposed, and while from the natural frailty of the material it could not possibly be a 'joy for- ever,' yet beyond a doubt it was, and still is, 'a thing of beauty' not soon to be forgotten by those who gazed upon it in the softened sunlight of a beautiful sabbath morning. If the large window of the church is not 'richly alight' it is so full of mellowing shades that it gave just the requisite tone of softness to all within the sacred fane. The sacredness of the object which had caused the floral adorn ment was also conspicuously asserted, for behind the pulpit and across the fall front of the choir some sixteen feet was stretched a length of velvet on which the words 'Offer to God thanksgivings' stood plainly out. Each letter of this command was formed of oats and its very simplicity was in happy relief to the 'scarlet and purple and gold' of its surroundings. Above the manual space of the organ was a triangular device on scarlet ground bearing while letters, forming the appropriate command 'Sing His Praises,' while on either side similar mottos were dis played. From the centre of the building, immediately above the pulpit was suspended a large crown composed of flowers and greenery, in the centre of which was placed a small sheaf of wheat. A noticeable item of the decorations was a prettily arranged miniature sheaf of wheat and foliage placed on the carved head of the end of each pew. This effect was decidedly original and pretty. The whole of the decorations were evidence of some cultured presiding genius. Large congregation attended both morning and evening, the church boing packed in the evening, many persons from the country being present. The choir rendered several anthems, in addition to the usual harvest hymns, Mr. H. Craig filling the position of conductor, and Mr. P. C. White that of or- ganist, with marked credit. Sermons bearing upon the occasion were preached by Rev. R. Dyson. In the morning the preacher took for his text 'Through Him then let us offer up a sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of lips which make confession to his name.' — Hebrews xiii — 15, R.V., and preached an excellent sermon. The evening's discourse was based on the text Hosea x 12, ' Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy, break up your fallow ground.' The preacher said that in the morning they endeavored to set forth the obligation to praise and thanksgiving. They were called to offer their sacrifice of loving service to the great author of their being and their blessings. The abundant harvest with which they had been favored, the happy cir- cumstances, so striking, by contrast, with the miserable condition of others, in which they were found, loudly called for thanksgiv- ing. To-night they would endeavor to find in the operations of nature an analogy to the operations of grace. As they behold around them evidences of the result of industry act ing in union with nature's laws, so they would endeavor to show that spiritual industry, acting in union with the laws of God's spiritual Kingdom will seem a harvest of spiritual and eternal blessing. For a harvest taught not only the lesson of dependence upon God's bounty, it also taught the lesson of their responsibility. Well-stored barns were not only an evidence of God's care, but also of man's industry. Nature did produce spontaneously, but if they depended upon nature's unaided products alone, they should fare badly. Every grain of wheat was the result of man's toil. Con trast the field of the diligent with the field of the slothful. It was work that made the difference. From every waving field of grain they could preach a sermon with its three divisions, toil, sow, reap. And rising from the material to the spiritual they would say with the prophet, 'Sow to yourselves in righteousness.' In the text the prophet represents the heart of man as God's land or husbandry, and called upon them to break up the fallow ground. Ground is expected to recompense its owner for his trouble and care in cultivating it. God looks for a return for the various influences tending to his moral improvement wish which man is visited. The ground referred to in the text is fallow ground, ground which has never been under cultivation, or which has been suffered to lie waste for many years. The heart which is fallow is unenclosed, easily visited with evil influences. Because it is uncultivated, those influences which would tend to its fruitfuluess are wasted. This ground was theirs, not absolutely, but under their charge and care. For its cultivation and improvement they were responsible to God. Hence the prophet exhorted 'to break up our fallow ground.' This implied labor and sacrifice. The instrument by which they must effect this is the Word of God. Their hearts were not only fallow, but sterile, hence the necessity for regeneration, 'the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost given unto us.' In this renovated ground they most ' Sow to our selves in righteousness.' It is not enough to break up the surface of the land, seed must be sown, if there was to be a crop so seeds of truth righteousness must he sown in the renewed hearts. They could learn what these were in the Bible, this book in profitable for 'instruction in righteousness that the man of God may be furnished unto all good works.' The result of continuance in evil- doing will be that they 'reap in mercy.' It is a law of all nature that where seed is sown then will be a crop. Harvests may differ in quality and quantity, but the diligent farmer is never without a harvest It is so, but with far greater uniformity and certainty in the spiritual world. The Christain had a reaping time — he reaps mercy — this he reaps here and now, but he looks forward to the great day of restitution and recompense for the full re ward of his labours. Then will come the Harvest Home, does it not do one's heart good to see the last waggon load of a bountiful harvest being- drawn home, to Bee the reapers rejoicing over another years provision of corn, which God in His mercy bad provided for them. On such occasions the whole creation seems to vie with man's more favored race in making melody befote the Lord. But- what are these earthly sratberings compared to tlitt when tbe Captain of our Salvation shall have gatuered'togetuer His elect. Then will the reapers, the angels, time their highest notes, then the morning star* will again sing together, and all the sons of God shout for joy. then the momentous question ' are there few that be saved ? will be so answoreii as to bring infinite glory to the Creator, Redeemer and Sanctifier of men. This evening tho festival service will be continued, when a snured concert by the choir will be g-ivoo in tbe church, and doubtless there will a^ain he a large attendance. At Whin Rook, Vale Road aad Dunkelt), the Williatn-stroot choir will continue the series of harvest festival concerts on Tuesday, Wednesday and '1 hursday nest respectively. 