Brary Lane Theatre. THE OLD PLAYHOUSE DOOMED. ITS PREDECESSORS. HISTORICAL REMINISCENCES. STARS THAT HAVE SET. LD Drury i' 'The Lane !' Familiar, friendly words, that convey 'in two short sentences a world of meaning to the Lon don playgoer and the London player. And not to them alone, but to all who love the drama and cher ish the associations that hansr around its famous home*. With a tinge of fond regret, therefore, has the news been received generally that'the Theatre Eoyal, Drury Lase, is soon 'to be torn down. Probably the ni'ist historic of all playhouse's i1 is beyond dispute .the nation*. 1 theaire of England, and posse-ee's a cosmopolitan interest from its long life of more than two centuries ' and its in eeparable connection with the names of,! tbe greatest adores and actresses the world j has known. . ? .. ? I Drury House was built, by Sir William Drury, Lord Deputy of Ireland in t e rejLjrn of Queen Elizabeth, and when his *on suc ceeded to the title anil property he once j had occasion to shelter the famous Dr. Donne there. From the Drurys the place passed into possession :of William Lord Crav-n, who pulUd down Dmrj and erected Craven House, where he lived with his reputed wife, Queen Elizabeth of Bohemia. Craven Uou^e was aft-rward turned into an inn with a painted sign having the Queen of Bohemia's head upon it. -In Charles II.'s time Drury lane was a most fashionable resort. Lord Stirling, the poet, and the celebrated Marquis of Argj le lived there, and also the actresses, Mr-. Bficegirile and Mrs. Pritchard. Afterward the notorious Ann Clarges, her mother, and their four femal' associates kept a barber's shop- in Drury lane. Of them a then popular ballad eays : Did you ever hear the like Or ever hear the fame Of the fire women barbers Who lived in Drury lane ? Annie Clarges herself was first Mistress and then the wire of George Monk, Duke of Albemarle. ' Pretty Neli Gwyne,' in her smock sleeves and bodice, and seeming a mighty charming creature, used to pose at the door of her lod^intrs in Urury lane and aim her shafts at the susceptible heart of gay King Charles 1 1. John Lacy, tha comedian, was another resident. Goldsmith sang, of Drury lane as the favorite retreat of half starving authors, and Gay's lines indicate the varying fortunes of the thoroughfare— Oh may thy virtue guard thee thro9 the roads Of Drurv's mazy courts and dark abodes, The harlot's uilef ul paths who nightly stand Where Catherine street descends into' the Strand. The 16 th century 'was in its teens when a place of popular amusement called the Pi cenix or Cockpit Theatre stood in Drury lane. It had formerly served as an ordi nary arena for the purposes of cock fighting, a highly fashionable sport in the days of Queen Elizabeth, and it seems that a cer tain analogy existed between the theatre and the cockpit of that time, for Shakspere says in Henry V.— Can this cockpit hold the vasty fields of France, Or may we cram within this wooded O the very casques That did aff tight the air at Agincourt ? A section of the wooden coekpit circle used to be cut out and a stage set in it for theatrical purpo-es. The popularity of cock fighting gradually waned,_ however, and the cockpit theatre fell into such die xapute as a place of scandalous conduct and generally questionable proceedings that the moral crusade fever struck a number of London citizens, who, backed up or rather led bv the, turbulent appren tices, made an attack upon the obnoxious building, looted it and destroyed or burn«d the properties. This was on Shrove Tues day, Marcu 4, 1717. The Lord Mayor at once issued a proclamation directed against the 'great multitudes of vagrant rogues ' Who had participated in the riot. ^Six years later, as ancient- chroniclers record, the ?? companie from Cockpitt Plaiehouse ' sribscribed £20 toward in?; rebuUdJjng of St. OH*-B* On nrc h~. ? In 1647 Parliament closed the thaatra by a special act, 'but Sir IVIl^am: Da¥enant was allowed to re-open It iiL 1658 with a show, ostensibly non- dramatic and relying for its effects upon scenery and music, called the ?' Crnel±y_-oi_±he_Spanierd8 in Peru.' The sum of ' twopence ' for each performance was exacted by Government for the benefit of toe poor, Withi* a year after Davenant's ..'venture a ? bookseller named Rhodes, who had been prompter at Blackfriara Theatre, secured the manage ment of the Cockpit and he put forward as stars Thomas Betterton and Kynaston, who had not yet risen to their subsequent fame. Rhodes had to meet the opposition of Dave nant, who, with Thomas Killigrew, erected a new theatre in Portugal row called the 'Duke's,' the actors being styled 'the Duke of York's servants.' Killigrew soon started out solely on his own account, and armed with his patent prospected ground at Riding Yard, built a theatre oix the exact site of the present Drury Lane playhouse and secured for his company, the title of tbe ' Kinsr's Players.' Xhe.cost.ot this house was £1500. which eeems almost ridiculously small, but meant considerable money in those days. The length of t*--e building was 112 feet and its widfn 59 f aet. Und*r the title of j ' The Theatre Roral, Drury Lane,' the ! bouss was opened to t*-e public on j April 8, 1663. The piece was Beau- j moot and Fletcher's ' Humorous Lieu- ] tenant.' The company numbered about j 10 actors, who as the. King's Players j were allowed ?? 10 yards each of scarlet clot*! with a proper quantity of lace,' for ! liv ries, and in their warrants from the i Lord Chamberlain were described as *' Gen tlemen of the Great Chamber.' In thi«:theatre CharleB II. first fell in love with NellGwjnne as she was acting Val- I eria in Dryden's tragedy, ' Tyrannic Love.' Dryden had wanted to attract the king's notice to the fair aotrass, so he got her the tragic part of Valeria, and said in his epilogue — Oh ptet, who could prove so eenseleas to make Nelly die for love. Nay, whafs yet worse, to Mil her in the prime of Easter term, In tart and cheesecake time. Ubiquitous Mr. Pepys found his way be hind the scenes and records that ' Knipp took us in and introduced us to Nelly and my wife and I kissed her.' Drury Lane had been open about a year when ona night a terrific ' storme of hayle ' descended over London, and coming in through the roof of the theatre demoralised the audience in the pit. Theatrical performances were suspended during the Graat Plagne, but Drury reopened November 23, 1660, for public performances, and Mr. Pepys, who ventured to go see the play a fortnight later, says : ' I sat in the pitt with my cloke around my face, in dreade lest i bee seene. February followm he was again at the theatre, soon after tbe Great Fire of London, and wrote in his diary — 'Play over, and so home ovar the ruinB with, a link.' In 166d the rain came through the roof and put tha audience in a panic. In July of the same year real horeea were put upon the stage in tha play of ' Hyde Park.' The theatre was destroyed by fire in January, 1672, and a church collection for the sufferers was taken up all over the country. Sir Christopher Wren, tha great archi tect, was ordered to prepare plans for a new theatre, subject to tha King's appro val, and on Marcn 26, 1674 another Drury Lane arose from the ashes of the former. The entrance to this house was in what is known as Playkousa passage, and the motto ' Vivitur ingenio' was displayed on the cantre of the proscenium aroh. The first night a prologue by Dryden was recited, whicn, after alluding to the plainness of the new structure and sneering at the gaudiness of tne decorations in tha rival house — tbe Duke of York's Theatre — went on to say j that tbe King had directed simplicity to i be observed, and then praised the conveni ent location of the house — Our house relieves the ladies from the frigtitB Of ill- paved streets and long, darfc winter nights, The Flanders horeeB from a bleak, cold road, . Where bears in furs dare scarcely look ab oad. The epilogue also contained the follow ing severely, sarcastic allusion to tke Duke's theatre, which had basts of the poets fixed over Its .stage— Tho' in their house the poets* heads appear, We hope we may presume their wits are here. ' Horace Walpole eaid that the House of Commons was, wont to adjourn to attend' a special performance at Drury Lane just as it afterward adjourned for the Derby day. He also tells the story of a night he satin a side box in the theatre when the audience expressed their vociferous disapproval of an unpopular pantomime. Tha stage manager, Fleatwood, sent a lot of profes sional bruisers into the pit to quell the tow, but the pit drove the bruisers out with loss. Then the curtain flew up and the stage was seen covered with hired ruffians armed with sticks. An awful uproar en sued and when the manager came forward to apeak Walpole cried out from his box 'You are an impudent rascal I' The pit cheered and cried, ' What do you wish us to do next, Mr. Walpole ?' Walpole was covered with confusion and wished he had not spoken. Next day he wrote to Sir Horace Mann, telling him of the incident and saying, ' I am now called ' Wat Tyler.' The sacond Drury Lane lasted 120 years, but in 1741 it had become so dilapidated that it was found necessary to almost re build it. The bills for the night of June 4, 1791, announced tbe ' last time of per forming in ibis theatre.' The plays wera the ' Country Girl ' and ' No Song no Supper.' Apropoa of the closing ni^ht a newspaper of tbe period contained tae fol io wing curious paragraph: 'June 4, 1791' — Died, old Mrs. Drury, who lived through six reigns. She knew Betterton in ajre and Macklin in his prime, and on the night of her death had a rout of 2000 persons at her houpe/'. ' , -.. This was the final performance in the house that Sir Christopher Wren built. It had been repeatedly altered, and during Garrick's management, which began in 1747, was newly faced and enlarged until tbe receipts for a full house reached £335. The pit doors wera close to the orebsstra, causing un pleasant draughts, and belated patrons who untered by them gave such offence to the audienca by creating cold currents of air that rows and disturbances were frequent. 'The women in fits and the men in figbta,' while the perplexed actors suspended th* ir mummery until peace was restored. A writer thus raters to tbe way different performers carried themselves on such occasions : ' The solemn countenance of Kemble bent towsrd the pit with calm uttenfcion, and the simulated sympathy of John Palmer caused him to bow with graceful ambiguity ; Mrs. Siddons ceased to repeat her lines and preserved a queen like repose; Miss Farren looked toward her fashionable friends in the boxes for sympathy, and Mrs. Jordan watched for the first signs of returning peace to break into her infectious lausrh and begin the. action of her part.' While Garrick was manager he introduced the modern foot light system, a French invention pre viously unknown in England. Before that the light was thrown upon the stage from brass chandeliers hung from the proscenium. The third Drury Lane Theatre was de signed by Holland, and opened on April 21, 1794, nearly three years after the old house closed. John Kemble was manager, and the inaugural play ' Macbeth.' Several innovations were noticeable in thiB production of Shakepere's play. The ghost of Banquo did not appaar in person — an idea adopted in our own, day by the late tragedian, Barry Sullivan— and Charles Kemble made his professional debut. The new theatre cost £200,000. The seating capacity was 3611. In length it maaaured 320ft and in width 155ft, the height being 118ft. The proscenium was 88ft high and 43ft wide. The receipts of a full home, without deadheads, reached £771* John Kemble spoke the prologue, 'written by General Fi'spatrick, and Miss Farren gave the epilogue, by George Colman, jun. She said the audience need not fear nre as an iron curtain could be iowored at an instant's notice, to cut off the stagb from the pit, amd further, that there was water enough to drown them all. The curtain was raised and a boatman was seen rowing to and fro in. an immense tank. This- Drury Lane was called the Apollo Theatre, because of the statue on its roof, but its existence was brief, fire completely destroying it on February 24, 1809, a Friday in Lent. On account of the season no performances had been held in tha theatre for a week pre vious, the vaunted water tank wasempty,and when they tried to pull down the iron cur tain it would nbt budge an Incb. Tha chiof owner at this time was Richard Jbrinsiey Sheridan. -. He was in the Houee of Commons when the news arrived, and as the blaze from the doomed theatre reddened the windows of the Parliament houses a motion was made to adjourn out of sympathy for the loss sustained by so distinguished a member, ' No,' said Sheridan ; « let the business of the nation go on.' Accompanied by Lord Mountjoy and the Duke, of York Sheridan entered the Piazza Coffee House, right opposite the burning theatre, and, though ruin stared him in tha face, jokingly remarked to his companions, ' Why can't a man have a glass of wine by his own fire side.' The fire was supposed to have been the work of an incendiary, for an epidemic of fires had prevailed in public buildings for some weeks previous. Betterton, Garrick, Macklin, John and Charles Kemble, J. B. Booth, Jack and Charles Bannister, Edmund Kean, John Palmer, Macready, Nell Gwynn, Mrs. Sid dons, Kitty Clive, Miss Farran, Mrs. Jordan, and Mrs. Crouch all plated time and again to appreciative audiences, and Braham, the iliustriouB tenor, first appeared in public at Drury Lane. Michael Kelly, the great Irish - singer and com poser, won his laurels there in 1787 in ' Love in a Village.' On January 16, 1798, ' Bluebeard,' with music by Kelly -'nd libretto by Georga Coleman the Younger, was produced with great eclat. Kelly acted the part of the virtuous Selim, who at the end of the piece slays tbe wicked Bluebeard. When the slain tyrant sinks beneath the stage a skeleton arises, which, after horrifying the audienca, is pupposed to instantly disappear. Well, Bluebeard went down to Sheol and up came the skeleton in due course, but osce up It stuck there and couldn't be induced to so back acrain. Selim fora-ot where he was, rushed up to the skeleton with drawn ?word, slashed at if vi^orouslr and shouted. ' Go down, d ? you; why don't you go down?*' and tbe curtain descended amid a tumultuous roar of laughter. Seldom haB ' Macbeth ' been performed with such acast as thatof March 21, 1791, at DrurjL&ne.; Kemble was Micbeth, John Palmer Banquo, Mrs. Siddons Lady Macbeth, diaries Kemble and Bannister also taking part. Tne popular musical play of ' Lodoiaka' was produced simulta neously at the Theatre des Italiens and the Feydeau, in Paris, and . also at the Drury Lana. One night Mrs. Crouch was in the bunting castle in tha great scene, awaiting rescue bv the hero, when tha niece of seenery representing; the castle took fire and the mimic rescue was changed into a real one, amid vociferous applause. In 1787 John Kemble undertook the principal vocal part in a production of ' Richard Coeur da Lion' and during rehearsal Shaw, the orchestra leader, shouted out, ' Mr. Kemble, you're murdering time.' ' Better kill him outright than be constantly beating him as you do,' responded the actor. Many of the first dramatists and com posers of the time did their beet known work specially for Drory Lane. M. G. Lewis (' Monk ' Lewis) wrote the ' Castle Spectre ' for Drury j Storace composed his finest music for its stage ; so did Michael Kelly, and Cobb wrote *' The Humorist ' and ' Tha First Floor' for original produc tion there. The theatre that stands to-day atDrury lane and Catherine-street dates from 1812, and was erected from the designs of Ben jamin Wyatt, executed to the order of a joint stock company established by Act of Parliament. The chief promoter was a Mr. Whitbread, and the shares varied in value from £100 to £500. A committee, with Lord Byron at its head, undertook the managament and failed. Lord Byron wrote the prologue for the opening night. Through tha efforts of Edmund Kean, the tragedian, the theatre was extricated from itB financial difficulties in 1814, and four jeaxB afterwards the committee accepted the offer of Mr. Elliston to lease the house for 14 years at an annual rant of £10,200, he also contracting to pay the taxeB and expend £7000 on decora tions. The theatre was too large, so Architect Beasley was engaged to re model it, and shortly before the work was completed a collation was served -undar unique circumstances on a scaffold 5ft from the ceiling and 60ft from the pit. Twelve persons partook of the repast, which was cooked on the scaffold. A br&ss; plate was deposited under the pit recording that ?? this national theatra was palled down and rebuilt within the space of 58 days.' Tha reopening day was October 16, 1322) the date of Mrs. David Garrick'a death. Tha Brydges-streefc portico of the theatre was erected by Lessee Elliston, from a deBign by Sir JohnSoane, at a cost of £1050, the alterations costing £22,000, and in 1826 Elliston became bankrupt and retired. The direction of Drury Lane Theatre has been in the hands of Sir Augustus Harris ainoe 1879. ' What Londoners will do ?witnoirt iJtury Lane Theatre^ which, on account of its size, offer* spectacular facilities approached by no other playhouse — most of the 40 or 59 others being comparatively quite small, both in stage and auditorium— remains to be seen. The children will certainly miss its pantomimes — the merry evenings with enchanted prince, dazzling transfor mation scene, harlequin and down, end-: £ag only when the great bell of St. Paul's sends its midnight message booming over London town. — New Yobk Hkeald. M'Cready as Macbeth. Junius Brutus Booth as Giles Overreach. DRURY LANE THEATRE, Chanes Kean, Forrest. Mrs. Siddons. 