ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, ST. KILDA. INDUCTION OF THE REV. CANON POTTER. The induction of the Rev. Canon Potter to the parish of All Saints', St. Kilda, took place last evening. A great many members of the clergy were present at the service, which was also attended by a large congrega- tion. There was full choral evensong, in the first instance commencing with the proces- sional hymn, "Onward Christian Soldiers." The service sung was by Dr. Torrance in F, and the anthem was "Blessed be the God and Father" (Wesley), in which the soprano solo was taken by Master Stevens. During the induction ceremony the hymn "Come Holy Ghost" was sung as a solo, quartet, and chorus, the former being allotted to Master Tullidge, and a pleasing Benedic- tion anthem, specially composed for the occasion by Dr. Summers (the organist), was also rendered. The recessional hymn was "O Thou Who Makest Souls to Shine." The efforts of the choir throughout were very successful, and reflected credit on the singers as well as the choirmaster, Mr. Truelove. The Rev. Canon Potter's curate, the Rev. W. C. Ferrall, acted as precentor, and the lessons were read by the Revs. Canons Vance and Perks. The Rev. Canon Handfield conducted the induction service, prefixing it by a sermon on the following text :—"But thanks be unto God, which always leadeth us in triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest through us the savour of His knowledge in every place. For we are a sweet savour of Christ unto God, in them that are being saved, and in them that are perishing ; to the one a savour from death unto death : to the other a savour from life unto life." (2 Cor. ii., 14.) In the course of a highly interesting sermon, Canon Handfield said :—May I be permitted to say this much in regard to the special service of this evening. In the first place, I am here only as the representative of the Archdeacon of Melbourne, who, I am grieved to say, ia unable to do the duty which he intended to do, and which, with the Bishop's consent, I am here to fulfil in the Arch- deacon's regrettable absence. That duty is a formal one, but to me it is charged with per- sonal feeling. For I am here to induct an old friend as successor to a friend still older. Of him I will not speak further than to say that of his long ministry in our church—and I re- member the day of his ordination—this church of All Saints' is his monument. In leaving this church, with the traditions that have gathered round it, to the diocese my friend has conferred upon the diocese what may well be called "a possession for all ages to be preserved." He who comes to succeed him will, I know, take up his work in the same spirit of devotion—in the same godly strain of effort. He comes among you the led captive of Jesus Christ, even as St. Paul came to the Corinthians. He is obedient to the voice which spoke to him with authority. Therefore, my brethren, you who have been so long in the front of our English church life here receive him as it becometh saints. Let the dead past bury its dead. God grant that he may be to you a sweet savour of Christ, and that from you may sound out the word of the Lord around us, and that in all labour of love, in all patient endurance, in all energy of love you may strengthen the church of this diocese, and in all time of her need hold up her hands. 