AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal was crowded to overflow- ing on Thursday evening, numbers being unable to gain admittance. Sydney Grundy's powerful drama "A Village Priest" was again repeated by tbe Broagh-Boucicanlt Company, and the enthusi- astic applause which echoed through the hooee was eloquent proof of the delight of tbe vast audience. Tbe drams will be repeated this tvening for the last time, Pinero's roman tic and farcical comedy "Ths Amazons" being announced for Saturday evening, when his Excellency the Governor has signified his iutention of being present. The early door system, it is announced, will be in operation this evening, to enable patrons who are desirous of avoiding the crash at the money-boxes to obtain entrance without dis comfort. The early doors will be thrown open to the public at 6. 30, and the box- plan will be on view tnis morning in the dress circle vestibule of tbe Theatre RoyaL The Bijou Tae&tre; wiU be reopened this evening by the -Leumane Opera Company, who will give a ebort season of musical comediettas and comedy operas. The company includes Miss Marie Elster (soprano), Miss Carrie Bilton (mezzo-eoprano), Mr. Lienmane, tbe well known tenor rratEtly with Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's Opera Company, Mr. C. P. Joseph (baritone), Mr. George Templer (buffo tenore), and Mr. George Leopold (comedian). The programme will open with the sparkling vaudeville "Bosh Mad," in which Miss Carrie Bilton will appear as Grace Gregory and Mr. George Leopold as Fred Fanshawe. The garden scene from "Faust" will follow, with Mr. Leumane as Faust, Miss Marie Elster as Marguerite, Miss Carrie Bilton in the dual role of Siebel and Marta, and Mr. C. P. Joseph as Mephistopheles. The entertainment will conclude with Dibden's celebrated ballad opera "The Waterman," with the following cast of characters:— Wilhel- mena, Miss Marie Elster; Mr. Bundle, Mr. C. P. Joseph; Mrs. Bundle, Mr. George Leopold; Robin, Carrie Biltou; Tom Tug, Mr. Leumane. During the performance of this famous ballad opera the following old and favorite numbers will be sung:— *' Tell me my heart," "Drinking," "Tbe jolly young water man," "Then farewell my trim built wherry," "Cherries and plums," "The death of Nelson," " Rule Britannia." With so diversi- fied and attractive a programme a crowded house may safely be predicted, and the inauguration of the season should be a highly satisfactory one. The box-plan will be open at the Bijou Theatre to-day. The first of two farewell concerts will be given by the celebrated contralto, Madame Antoinette Sterling, in the Town Hall this evening. An attractive programme has been arranged, and Madame Sterling will sing Moir's "Only youth is happy," Hope Temple's "Children asleep, * and Molloy's Irish song, "Colleen Cratheen na Moe." Mr. W. H. Jude WiU contribute Dubois's descriptive fan tasia for the organ, "The Btorrn," and Miss May Habgood will play as a piano solo Schuloffs * Caprice" (airs Bohemiens). Miss Isabel Web?ter will eing Wallace's "Sweet spirit, hear my prayer," and "Oh, hush thee, my baby" (Pease). Mr. James Wood will give Pinsuti's "The last watch," and tte evergreen "Death of Nsl eon," and Mr. H. E. Holder Pinsuti's "I fear no foe" and Schubert's "Serenade." The concerted music will include Nicolai's duet '"One word" and the trio "This magic wove eearfe" (Earnett). With such an attractive programme a crowed house may be expected, the box-plan being open at the Town Ball during the day. The Norwood Choral Society gave tbe fourth and last concert of their first season on Tues day evening in the Norwood Town Hall, but owing to the inclement weather there was a, limited attendance. Tbe first part of the programme consisted of songs, instrumental music, and a part song "Oh, hush thee, my babie" (A- S. faullivan), which was given by the society. As the voices were well balanced and it was given in a very careful manner it reflected great credit on the conductor (Mr. W. R. Pybus). Miss Wall in her eong " Dream of home" (Arditi) and Mr. W. S. Welbourn in his rendering of W. H. Jude's song "On deck" were listened to with niach pleasure, and Miss Benson's interpreta tion of Eendel's "Cascade dv Chadrons" on the pianoforte was very good and evoked much applause. The second part was filled up with W. H. Birch's very pretty and musical work, " The Merrie Men of Sherwood Forest," and included several conge, duets, recitals, eolos, and chorus. The best of these were tbe Bosg and duet, "Through weal and woe," by Mies Wall and Mir. E. E. Peagam, the solo, •'Miserere Domine," by Mr. Welbourn. and the song, "With a ho hi ho," Mr. O. Tauber. The choruses were all well given, but the chorus, " Aye Marie," the gaJopade, " We'll trip it merrily o'er the lea," and the eemi-chorus, "Down "with the Normans," were esjecLJly good. The patron of the society, Mr. E. Hall, in thanking; the supporters of the society for their help during the past year, asked them to be present an the general meeting to be held on Tuesday, Sep tember 13, when it would be decided whether the society should be kept going. When Mr. Lockley commenced his lecture on the " Battle of Waterloo" last night there was very littleroom for visitors on the spacious plat form. The audience was most enthusiastic and attentive. There is certain to be a very large attendance at this exhibition to-day. A social evening given by the Mayor of Norwood (Mr. T. White) was held in the Norwood Town Hall on Thursday evening, when about 250 ladies and gentlemen were present. The evening's amusement took the form of a concert and ball, the chief item in the former being selections and songs by Mr. W. H. Jade. Songs and recitations were given by a number of ladies and gentlemen, and as soon as tbe programme was concluded the hall was cleared for dancing, which was kept up until mid' night. The floor waa good and the music excellent, and everyone present enjoyed them selves thoroughly. The hall was most taste fully decorated with bunting and evergreens, and in fact everything possible was done to make the social & great success. On Wednesday evening the inmates of the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum were entertained by the "Victory" Lifeboat Crew. The crew opened with an overture from " Martha" by the musical director (Mr. Sallis). The choruses, "See our oars" and "Pull together, boys," were given by the crew, and songs were rea dy Misses Ewers and Cook, Messrs. Sallis, Cook, Guy, Emrose, Fraser, and Jacks, and comic recitations by Mr. H. Colbert and Mr. Fraser. The humorous dialogue, " Mr. Flatter and the young widow," by Miss Colbert and Mr. Waite, came in for applause. "The Stage-struck Actor," by Messrs. Guy and Fraser, was much appreciated, and tbe "Haunted House," by the same gentlemen, with Mr. Waite as the ghost, was also well received. Mr. Sallis and Miss R. Tassell pre sided at the piano. A vote of thanks was accorded to the crew. Professor Woodroffe's Exhibition of Wax works and Glassblowing in Rundle-street has been drawing crowded houses every evening during the week. Perhaps the most attractive part of the ex hibition is the working of the two steam engines and the hydraulic lift made of glass. During the evening the engines were kept in motion, the gas forming the heating poser for the boilers. Boiler-skating seems to have come to stay, die attendances at all sessions on Thursday being very good. Tbe managers are earning for themselves a good reputation for the way affairs are conducted, any free-and- easy busi ness being immediately pub a stop to and the offenders courteously escorted out of the build ing never to return. Mr. Norris's clever fancy skating never eeems to tire the visitors. By advertisement the managers announce that &U; sessions will be open to the public to day, and Messrs. Hamilton & Norris should draw a crowd with the burlesque. Saturday morning sessions are in future to be devoted chiefly to school children. One of the most successful Focials yet held in connection with the V.M.C.A. Musical Society took place on Wednesday evening, when theie were about 100 present. A great number of parlor games were provided, and entered into with great zest, whilst a short musical programme arranged by the hon. con ductor (Me. T. J. Jessop) was excellently carried out. After supper had been partaken of short speeches were delivered by Messrs. A. V. Mitton. W. E. Chambers, T. J. Jessop, and J. J. Virgo. Reference was made to the necessity for increasing the membership, and each member was urged to continue to evince interest in the work of the society. "The Ancient Mariner" has been chosen for the next concert, which promises to be successful. Early this month Herr Heinieke's orchestra will give a short series of instrumental and vocal concerts at the Town Hall under the honorary management of Mr. F. Basse, to whose assistance the inauguration of tbe orchestra was largely due. Admittance to these con certs, which will be given on Saturday even ings, will be at popular prices, and as the efficiency of the orchestra has been already satisfactorily proved an artistic and financial success may be anticipated for the season. I \- ■ - .= I 