lABOUR^d-TOUTICSr— Corfield announces his intention to again seek election for the Gregory in the interests of himself and the banks. --,, N.Z. Knights of Labour held a dietric ') meeting recently at Palmereton and passed a series of resolutions of the right \ sort. A Christian Electoral and Moral Reform League has been formed for the electorate of Northumberland (N.S.W.) Next! Cairns has surely had enough of the syndicate-bank government party in Wimble without continuing the infliction ? with either Byrnes or Lumley Hill. Folev, Lowry, Lynch and Ogden are to submit to a plebiscite to irun for labour in -politics against the nominees of syn dicates and slave labour at Townsville. The corrupt Nel- Griffilwraith parlia ment has been pro-rogued to March 21 to enable the arch- syndicator, M 'II wraith, to return and fix the hind-grab railway iwojeet.- ? \- — Db. JLouth, of Townsville, is giving up his local club practice with a view to run ning for the Burke He'll get ;:iysic enough from Hoolan, after which he'll be glad to get back to his old vocation. Victorian Labour M.X.A. B-a/.eley proposed that the Governor's salary should be cut from £10,00C[ to £7000 a year. Surely £7000 a year is altogether -?\Jessive for the ' work ' performed. The Aldermanic elections ar Hughen den resulted in tho success of W. Wilson (71), R. B. G. Rose ((ffl) and J. V. Suter (58), the first two of whom were backed by the P P.A— Patterson, the P.P.A's other nominee secured. .50 votes. M 'Mill an, soft goods importer, waited on departing N.S.W. Guvernor Jersey ---to -dissolve the Dibbs capitalist Parliament in order to put M'Millan and his moneybag faction in its plaee. Jersey declined, of course. The Central .Queensland P. P. A. dele gates in conference at Longreach voted in favour of separation, but recognising the necessity for one man-one- vote decided that electoral reform should take pre dence of everything else.- ? — ? ? GirCrB. Fitzgerald receiving the tun from the Labour candidature for the Mitchell the Longreach P.P.A. president - aud secretary resigned, whereupon H. J. Byrne and H. J. Jackson promptly stepped into the respective' posts. Gtmpie Workers' Political Organisa tion talks of taking action against one of the returningK-fficers for reopening the doors of a polling booth after the time for closing so as to allow a batch of Patriotic Leaguers to vote. ? N.S.W. miners M.L.A. Eddcn says ? that one mine he worked in at Newcastle was called the Frying-pan, and 'enough grease was exuded by the miners to make ? candles for the world— it was a regular boiling-down establishment.' John Hamilton, M.L.A. filed his schedule by arrangement instead of in solvency. He barracks for the syndicate party — so there was no necessity for him to resign membership of a parliamer ' - that continues to exist solely to fix th land grab ' contracts.' Said'C. D. M'Carthy on hie nomina- ; tion to contest Dalby at next election : .. The grinfling-poverty nf his youth bfld.Jgrced ? \ him to think, and the adversity he bad endured, born of unjust surroundings, hod forced him to rebel, and rebel be would until the surround- : iags were changed. j A few papers recognise that Griffith j and the combination known as the Coali- j tion Government have displayed a policy j of ' masterly inactivity' jiunng the flood crisis, and shown that they are utterly innnpahln nf rininp anything bey and jjre- j paring themselves for political burial. j It is stated that C. B. Fitzgerald j Zh&sLZjjent; .Jbelegrams to union organi- —I sations beseeching them to petition Sir | Charles Lilley to come forward as a candi- | date at the next electionr The Charters j Towers A.W.U. promptly resolved that 1 thejackeroo be informed that Lilley can 1 come out if he likes. | Tng Hughonden P.P.A' it* in* flourish- I ? ing condition with £83 5b. lOd. to its 1 -erediHn the^rank. -Perhaps^hat account | for its decision to augment the wages of | the local Labour candidate if returned to 1 Parliament by £150 a year. Fortunately I thtsy have uhugeu a uiau whoao work in ths — I House will be quite unaffected by the I question of salary. ? J Cbotdon labour organisations have I chosen A.M.A. Secretary Browne and 1 Richard White to furnish by plebiscite I the man to fight for the live people in the I electorate at the forthcoming election. A I Mr. Morgan stands up for the vacant j allotment, empty head, black labour, aud | syndicate brigade. 1 Hoolan'b nomination was the only I one in response to the Gulf Federated | Workers' Association call for the Burke. | Croydon was cut off from the Burke solely | with a view to the very Hon. W. O. I HodgkinBon crawling back to Parliament 1 because he hadn't the faintest ghost of a | show amongst the Croydon electors. What j will Hodge do now ? I Geo. Black, M.L.A.,_ at the Western | Miners demonstration, said : % The defeat of the Parkes Ministry was the Jj first serious mistake made by the labour pArty- -«j a mistake on which all otherB hinged. It was | the result of the laok of cohesiveneBS of the m party of labour members, who did not recognise -| that suooeBB for them was dependent on tueir m solidity. By their division they had lost the a balance of power in the House, and a similar m diviBion bad taken place in Labour circles out- J side. 1 Ravenswood held a public meeting i and flattened out Lissner for the Kennedy, m Ab an M.L.A. in that electorate he is no W more, although he'll take the stipend up to m the dissolution and vote M'llwraiths land fl grab syndicate ' contract!.' Out or ? several nominations Mr. George Jackson M was chosen. He has been away at the m Cape for several years, and from bis fta- »gi dress and other indications it's possible ra that a more suitable candidate may yet * jM forthcoming. . 9 A. Fisher, G. Ryland and J. S. M Wallace for the Gympie A.M.A. 'P' :| proached Tozer with a view to Govern- JI ment compensation for residence are*, J taken up under miners' rights which are m below flood level. Also that certain area M now locked up as guldfields homesteads m ahould be resumed, and thrown open to m i seleotion in block* of a quarter of ?'«'«?? Of oouwe, Toeer said he would ^sider it.« Ha was trying &n;/£leotioneering dodge, « 