POPPY LAND. AS IT WAS AND AS IT 13. TITfTj HAT a fool you were ever to lot • human beinjr the secret oi your beloved Cromer. Why could you not let it alone? Why on earth did you nofc keep it to yourself ?" These are the jeering" and taunting remarks that are hurled every summer at my offending head. Instead of being a benefactor to the human race, instead of being allowed to pride myself on my own unselfishness, I am, I regret to Bay, looked upon as a tainted or suspected person. " Look here, old fellow, I have a delightful little place of my own down in the country," observed a friend the other day, " and I should like to ask you down very much to stay with me as long as you like, but—well—will you promise me on your oath you will not write about it ? for, •honestly, I do want to keep it to myself,and to give the slip to the tripper." Quite ten long years ago I first made the acquaintance of Cromer, and it was then the quietest and, I believe, the most romantic seaside nook in England. It had no great hobels, no piers, no bathing machines, and no bands. Sands were good enough for us then : our bathing machines were the clefts in tin cliffs, bur music came from wanderino musicians. I walked out before dinner, and saw the sun sink Runton way a solitary pilgrim. If ever wakeful at three o'clock in the morning, I could have seen the sun rise over by the Lighthouse Cliff, standing on the turf that I suggested— entirely to myself—would be admirable for golf. The green landscape was not then starred with red-brick villas. The poppies had it all their own way. One morning, I wandered aimlessly over this soft, turfy cliff, and found myself in the most romantic of Norfolk villages. I leaned over a white gate,and looked enviously into a rose garden. I broke one of the Commandments. I envied my neighbour's house, and he, the miller of Sidestrand, repaid my ingratitude by making ane his friend for life. And- here I dwelt, =u,nder the shadow ofthe qlil mill, and here I discovered the Garden of Sleep, and here 1 became acquainted with the fishermen and the villagers, and here I have lived on and off, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, up to this very hour. For I am ' writing these lines in the very room, at the same table, and sitting on the same chair,, as when, in that rash but generous moment, I despatched the first of the " Poppyland Papers " to the Daily Telegraph, and Bug-, gested there were joys to be found in summer holidays outside fashion, and dress, and promenade, and society, at the seaside. But there are other sinners besides myself. It is not fair to make me alone bear the burden of this crime of publicity. Scarcely was the ink dry that printed " Poppyland," in the largest circulation in the world, ere George R. Simms arrived to. advertise the glories of the Cromfer district' in his "Dagonet" column in the world-: known Referee. Here, at the tablet where I write, sitting in my chair, and: dipping bis pen into the inkstand: presented to me one Christmas' by th» villagers of Sidestrand, the excellent "Dagonet" exchanged sentiment for his: own delightful humour. He laughed, he chaffed, and made the place notorious. He drove the predecessor of " Faust" about the Norfolk lanes, and lost his way at nightfall. But the genial Sims loves good company. He opened the stage door and lit the theatre at Poppyland. Here he brought Wilson. Barrett to write plays; here he conducted poor Robert Reece to breathe some fresh air once more when he was in extremis; here came Henry Pettitt to collaborate with George Simms in the old mill garden. The profession, once tempted, poured into Poppyland. Beerbohm Tree dreamed of Hamlet in the Old Mill House, and actually studied the Prince of Denmark in a secluded arbour at " Northrepps." George Alexander is well known ab Runton and Sherringham. Hermann Vezin loves to bathe off Overstrand beach. Ah ! me, but I forget. This old table at which I write is far mow famous than any of you imagine. Here, Algernon Charles Swinburne wrote A Midsummer Holiday," whilst his friend, Theodore Watts, composed sonnets in the blue china dining-room. Plays, poems, essays, stories, leaders, descriptive, papers, have all been written in this sunny little room, dear to me by many a delightful memory. And it is ten years ago sinos Louie opened the white gate to me, aud said' that the traveller might rest. Only two. seconds ago bhe faithful Louie opened the door to just such another traveller, a&4 assured him that there was not a bed to be had ior love or money between Sh^rringhai* and Mundesley. Well, what do you think ! They have built a Grand Hotel, and are designing a new and splendid Pier that is to hav« kiosques and shops, and a theatre and dancing platform at the end. Thereare bands ot music all over the place. There are os many donkeys anddon key-chaises atmodernCrom«r • as at Scarborough. The primitive little Cromer of old is fringed round with scarlet houses. Poets, like Mr. Sampson-Locker, 1 and politicians, such as Mr. Uroadhurst, Mr. Cyril Flower, and Mr. John Morley, make Poppyland their home. The golf links that I dreamed aboub on the Lighthouse Cliff are an accomplished fact. Thesands swarm with tents and tennis-nets.' Overstrand, that was once a hamlet of humble fishermen's cottages, is a red townleb of bungalows and villas. The silent lanes, trodden so few years ago alone by the husbandman, fisher, and postman echo with the shouts of excursionists and holidaymakers. Omnibuses, char-a- bancs, waggonettes, donkey-chaises, go in one continual stream all day between Cromer and Trim- V ingham. The old mill opposite my cottage, has dropped its arms in horror at the change. It has tumbled down and given up the ghost. The Garden of Sleep has been so trampled upon by visitors that it has fallen half-down into the sea. From morning until night excursionists, gaze into our rose garden, lean over my white gate,and babble continuously,. " Poppyland ! Poppyland !" Nay, they do more—they enter laughingly, and demand relics of Dagonet, Swinburne, Pettitt, Beerbohm Tree, and Wilson Barrett. They offer bribes for Swinbnrne's stick and Dagonet's pipe. They have been known— enthusiastic ladies these—to ask if they might sit in the chair of the author of " Poppyland Papers," and to handle his pen. Pretty dears ! So, after all, was it wholly wrong to open to the world the gates that led to Poppyland ? Some one else must decide that question. May they all be a- happy there as I have been. Deo Gratias !—Clement Scott in The Idler. 