CARNGHAM MEMORIAL CHURCH. OPENING CEREMONY. FROM THE OLD HOUSE TO THE NEW. “A poem in stone” is a designation that might fittingly be applied to the chaste and substantially-built little Presbyterian Church bequeathed by the late Hon. Philip Russell to the residents of Carngham. The location is charming. In the prettiest part of the exten sive station stands the sacred edifice, with its costly and handsome spire pointing heaven wards, and in which the landlords, tenants, employes, and country folk generally, will in future assemble to sing praises to the Creator of Universe. The residents for miles round had looked forward to the opening with eagerness. “The long-looked-for came at last,” and yesterday the worshippers passed from the old house to the new, with all the solemnity characteristic of such occasions. Amongst those present were the Revs. J. S. Drummond, pastor of the church; A. Adams, Beaufort; C. S. Ross, Skipton; A. W. Wil liams, Smythesdale; the Hon. T. D. Wanliss, M.L.C.; Messrs-J. N. Wilson, Morrow and j Must (of Messrs Cuthbert, Wynne, Morrow, and Must); G. Douglas, one of the' earliest residents of the district (nbw of Windermere street, Ballarat); W. Knox, D. Mattheson, D. Baird, and W. K. Baker, all old identities. DESCRIPTION OF THE CHURCH. The Carngham Memorial Church—a gift to the. Presbyterian Church from the late Hon. Philip Russell—was designed by Mr H. H. Jackson, engineer and architect, of Beaufort, and is of the thirteenth century Gothic style of architecture. The material used in the con- struction is bluestone, procured at Chepstowe, a distance of five miles from the site of the church, freely relieved with New Zealand Oamaru freestone dressings. This stone is perfectly white, and, with the dark bluestone, produces a pretty effect. As the village is entered from the Ballarat road the first thing to catch the eye is the substantially-built tower and spire of the church, built to the height of 40 feet, the solid masonry freely relieved with freestone and string courses, and Gothic win-; dows. At each angle there are • substantial buttresses, well finished with mould ings, weatherings, and intakes. The tower is finished on top with bold moulding of freestone, and at each angle there rise well-proportioned, bold-looking pinnacles. Between these pinnacles water- tables slope up at a sharp angle, and alter the work to an oc tagon, forming the base of a spire. Prom this the spire diminishes to a point at the height of 40 feet, making a total height of !)G feet from the ground. In the spire there are four Gothic windows with glass louvres to act as ventila tors, From the tower on the north side of the church there are three windows neatly executed with all tracery, labels, bosses and mouldings, all done in freestone. There are also four bold buttresses in softstone, similar to those in the tower, but finished on the top with large ornamental softstone pediments, nicely carved, and the mouldings well finished. The side is well relieved ■with string courses, &c.; The front of the church has a bold and splendid appearance from the ground to the top of the large cross, measuring about 50 feet. There are two entrances—one through the tower and the other through the porch, both being reached by a flight of finely-axed bluestone steps. The entrances are formed with large Gothic beaded doorways, with elaborate mouldings running all round. The substantial doors, ingrained in imitation of oak, open either way. Between the tower and porch, and right on the centre line of the church, is a most elaborate and well-designed large- sized freestone window of the fourteenth century Gothic style, with beautiful and intri cate tracery, arches, and mullions, and exceed ingly difficult mouldings on the jambs. Too much praise cannot be given to the architect for this chaste design. In the gable there is a row of small Gothic-headed windows, which are installed to act as ventilators to the church. The gable is topped with a large softstone moulded coping. The apex stone is well moulded and carved, and on it stands a Greek cross about 4 feet in diameter. The south side is similar to the north, with the exception that the vestry projects from the south-west corner. This vestry is entered through a Gothic doorway, the walls being freely relieved with freestone. The west end of the church forms the chancel, which projects from the main building, and is octagon shaped, the angles being all freestone, while there is a Gothic window in each bay. The floor is tiled in black and white squares, with suitable borders. At the west end of the church the chancel is formed, where beautiful windows, representing “Faith,” “Hope,” and “Charity,” of stained glass, are set in. The chancel is entered through a perfect Gothic archway, turned from bold pillars, with beautiful bases and caps, richly moulded. Between the two pillars and projecting into the nave a most tasteful pulpit is situated. The read ing desk is of white marble. The large pipe organ is to be placed between the chancel and the side wall. The. ceiling of the church is 33 feet from the floor, and is made into panels with., kauri pine laid diagonally with Californian pine mouldings around all the angles. The large Gothic cornice mould, run ning around the whole of the nave and chancel, has an excellent effect. The walls of the nave are done in tinted stucco work, and are well relieved with string courses, mouldings, labels, bosses, flowers, &c.; A dado runs round the side of the nave. The floor of the nave has a fall to the pulpit. The seating is of blackwood, having three rows, with two aisles. The seats will accommodate 250 persons, and were sup plied by E. J. Rice, of Melbourne. The size of the nave is 50 feet by 33 feet. On leaving the church, the visitor is confronted with one of the most tasteful and elaborate memorial windows ever made in the colony—done in stained glasswork. This window is the gift. of Mr James Russell. In the four lights which form the window is depicted the incident of our Saviour blessing the little children. The figures themselves are outlined against a rich background of fruit and foliage, and present a wealth of color. Above the two other lights are small lancets, each representing a child bearing a scroll with the motto, “Suffer little children to come unto Me.” As au example of artistic taste, the window will bear favorable comparison with any yet manufactured in the colony, and is a credit both to the designers and the manufac turers. This window and the three in the chan cel are from Brooks, Robinson, and Cos., Eliza beth street, Melbourne. Below -the window there is a memorial tablet, in memory of the late Hon. Philip Russell. All the windows are glazed with cathedral glass, amber and ruby colors. The grounds around the church are well laid out, and perfectly drained. Thgrc is a wide winding carriage drive from the roadway, to and around the church. Along the roadway is 250 feet of a splendid wrought iron fence, with cast iron ornamental pillars, and a fine pair of wrought iron gates, manufactured by Mr J. Martin, of Humffray street, to the order of Mr Brown. The first sod was turned on the 17th October, 1892. The whole of the work was carried out under the direction of Mr D. Brown, and has been executed in a faithful and honest manner. It was supervised by Mr David Crockett, inspector of works. Mr Brown entrusted the carpenters’ work to the care of Messrs Drew and Pollock, who have done excellent work; plumbing and slating to Mr Sam APlver, Bridge street; and the paint ing and glazing to T. Lyons and ■ Son. All these tradesmen havo finished their work in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. The Service. Entering the church, the seating accommo dation of which was taxed to its utmost ca pacity, the pastor, the Rev. J. S. Drummond, accompanied by the Revs. Alex. Alarslial], M.A., Scots Church, Melbourne; A. Adams, Beaufort; and C. S. Ross, Skipton; and the trustees, Alessrs James, George, and Philip Russell, D. AFKenzie, W. Alnrray, and A. M‘Kay proceeded to and seated themselves in the chancel. Mr James Russell then presented the church to the people of Carngham, to be used for religious purposes in connection with the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, as a gift of his late father, the Hon. Philip Russell. He then handed the deeds to the Rev. J. S. Drummond, who accepted them in the name of the Lord and on behalf of the congregation. The building, he considered, was one of the noblest memories connected with the life of the donor. He was gratified to notice his sons present as his representatives, carrying out the work he had set his heart upon in his later days. The congregation, led by a strong choir, with Miss P. Murray as organist, then joined in singing the hymn, “ Be with us, gracious Lord, to-day,” which resounded throughout the building in such a manner as to show that the acoustic properties were per fect. The pastor then engaged in prayer, during which he sought the consolation of the Lord for the mourning relations of the late lamented Mrs Alacqueen. The Sermon. The opening sermon was preached by the Rev. A. Alarshall, Melbourne, who had been personally requested by the munificent donor before his death to perform that duty. He chose for his text the words contained in Exodus, xx., B—“ Thou shalt not take the name of the. Lord thy God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh His name in vain,” to whioh were added the words, “Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men, but the blasphemer against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven, neither in this world nor in the world to come.” After . giving a lucid interpretation of the meaning of his text, the preacher referred to the munificence of the late Hon. Philip Russell. The house in which they were assembled was, he said, the last, noblest, and most permanent of his many gifts. It was not a mere testamentary donation for the religious use of Carngham. No 1 Had Air Russell lived the benefaction would have been bestowed all the same. It was to bo regretted that he had not been spared to witness the erection and. dedication of the temple, and worship with them. Hiß spirit was now worshiping in a temple not made with bands. The duty, however, had been faultlessly and faithfully discharged, by those in whose hands he had entrusted it. He (the speaker) could congratulate the congregation on the magnifi cence of the building, which was indeed a beautiful church. He did not think it had an equal in any country part of the colony. In convenience it could be surpassed by hone, even in the cities, and he would ever remember with pleasure that he had had the honor of laying the foundation stone and preaching the - first sermon within its holy walls. The generous-hearted man who gave the church as a mark of grati : tude for all He had done for him, had gone to a place where no words of thanks could reach him. But at least they could say that such a man had lived amongst them—a man. with a generous mind and liberal hands. It was, however, in their power to thank bis sons for carrying out the trust committed to them with significant care and loving fidelity. He prayed that God would bless them for it, and that their children and children’s children for many years to come would be spared to wor ship in that church and live honored and useful lives among the people of Carngham. After the singing of “ Onward, Christian Soldiers,” followed by the Benediction, the con gregation was dismissed. The Banquet. Subsequently the clergy and a large number of gentlemen adjourned to the Mechanics’ In stitute where they were entertained at luncheon by the Messrs Bussell. A sumptuous table had been prepared by Mr J. Christie, of the Man of Kent hotel. The chair was occupied by Mr Jas. Russell, who had on his right the Revs. A. Marshall and A. Adams, Captain Bridges, and Mr J. N. Wilson, and on the left the Hon. T. D. Wanliss, SI.u.C., and Mr Jas. Aitkin. The vice chairs were filled by Mr Geo. Russell and the Rev. J. S. Drummond. Dinner over, the loyal toasts were honored; after which the chairman proposed the health of the “ Rev. Mr Marshall.” In responding, the Rev. Mr. Marshall said he had promised the donor personally that he would preach the first sermon, and, it would have grieved him very much had he been un able to redeem his promise. (Applause.) ■ Mr Geo. Russell then proposed the health of Mr Jackson, architect; Sir Brown, contractor; and Sir Crocket, clerk of works, each of whom suitably acknowledged the compliment. The next toast honored was that of “The Parliament of Victoria, ” which was proposed by Captain Bridges. The Hon. T. D. Wanliss, Sr.t.C., suitably responded. The toast of “The Presbytery of Ballarat” was then proposed by Sir Slurray, and re sponded to by the Revs. Adams, Ross, and Drummond. “ The Visitors from Ballarat,” coupled with the name of Sir .T. N. Wilson, was honored, and responded to by Sir Wilson. The llev. Sir Drummond proposed “ Repre sentatives of Other Churches,” to which the Rev. W. Williams, Church of England, Smythesdale, responded. Sir D. SlTvenzie proposed “ Success to the Russell Brothers.” In responding, Sir Jas: Russell said that all ! he and his brothers had done was to carry out the will of his father and sign the cheques. All that he was proud of was that he was the son of his father, who, though dead, yet spoke through many mouths. Sir Geo. Russell also responded. To take the place of his father, he said, would indeed be a difficult matter. However, ho would try to follow his father’s example. Sir Philip Russell also thanked the company for the compliments. Sir Aitkin, in a brief speech, bore testimony to the many good qualities of the late Hon. P. Russell, and spoke highly of the sons, whom he thought would provo worthy successors. Children’s Picnic. In the afternoon the children of the district and their mothers were entertained at a picnic in the old church reserve. Outdoor games were indulged in, and refreshments, provided by Mr Boddis, were handed round. 