CHAPTER III. MR. MASON ELOPES. The young girl recoiled, as she very well might, from so unexpected an apparition, and gazed at the stranger with large, frightened eyes. " Don't be alarmed, Madam, Mr, Mason repeated, with the greatest respect ; " I am a friend, if you will permit me to say so. AD hour ago, chancing to pass your gates, and finding them, for a wonder, unlocked, cariosity prompted me to enter. I con- cealed myself in this tree-quite unpardonable on my part, I know ; but, again, strong curiosity muBt plead my excuse. And in this tree I must own I played eavesdropper. I have overheard every word of your conversation wich the gentleman who has just left this room. It looks rather suspicious, ap- parently, I orra 5 but really the conversation, the whole o("Urrence, has been so strange, so out of the uBual'course, that singularity must plead my par- don. As I said before-now that I am here-if I can be of the slightest use to you, madam, pray command me." And Mr. Mason paused for breath. He was not long-winded, as a rule, didn't in the least shine in conversation, and lo ! here he was breaking forth an orator. Dire necessities demand stringent I measures. Mr. Mason arose with the occasion, and waa elo- quent ! I The young lady listened and looked at him, still surprised, still doubtful. "I am a stranger here," pursued Duke. "I came from London two weeks ago, to visit an old friend residing in Speckhaven. To-night I was to have returned home," and, thinking of something else, took the wrong turning at the cross-roads, and found myself here. I am an intruder, I know, and have no business whatever on the premises, but again I repeat, being here, if I can be of any use to you-" She drew near, her lips apart, her eyes shining, her hands clasped. " You will help me ! I want to escape. I am a prisoner here. Oh ! Surely you are not deceiving me ! You are not an emissary of Mr. Lyndith or Sir Vane Charteris !" " Madam, until within the last half-hour I never knew those two gentlemen were in existence. I will help you in any way you may please to name." There was no doubting the sincerity of his tone. Still, the mysterious young lady gazed at him, as if to read hit, heart in his face. Poor Duke ! it wasn't at all a handsome face. His eyes were of the palest, most insipid sky-blue-his nose was a decided snub. The most sentimental schoolgirl could not for the life of her make a hero of Marma- duke Mason, but the silliest schoolgirl of them all might have trusted him, as she could have dared to trust few of his sex. Lost dogs wagged their for- lorn tails, and followed him home from the streets, children came to him and demanded pennies with a confident assurance touching to see, on a first introduction. Men slapped him on the shoulder, and called him " Mason, my boy !" and " Dukey, I old fellow !" before they had been half an hour in his society. It was an honest face, and the clear eyes search- ing it knew they might trust him. She leaned forward to him through the hal! open window. The moon rising now gleamed forth from' a bank of jagged clouds, and silvered the sweet« pale face. j " Will you help me to escape ?" she whispered, earnestly. " I am a prisoner here-I have been for the last two months. My uncle is my guardian, and he wanta me to marry a man I hate-I hate !" she set her little teeth, and the big, black eyeB flashed. " I will run away to-night, if you will help me." " I will help you. Tell me what I am to do ?" " How did you say you got in ? The gates are always locked and bolted." " They were not this evening. The servant who drove to the station thought it too much trouble to descend and lock them after him. It appears he is in the habit of leaving them unfastened, and no harm has ever come of it. I was in hiding ; the moment he left I drew the key from the lock-here it is-and came in. I don't know what he said or did, I'm sure, when he came back and found it gone." "Then there is nothing to prevent my escaping. Oh, thank Heaven ! I believe I should go mad if kept another weet here. But it is so much to ask of you, a stranger, to do what I want." " Not one whit too much. Please don't think of me. What am I to do ? The girl glanced anxiously over her shoulder. "If you are seen, I don't know what may happen. Mr. Lyndith is-oh! an awful man, and he will return here directly. He is going to stay all night, and the doors and windows will be made fast in an hour. If I get away at all, it will be midnight fully before I dare venture. And in the meantime She looked at him more anxiously. j " Yes, Miss Lyndith. I beg pardon, but I heard him call you that, you know." " My name is Olivia Lyndith. But between this and midnight-and it is only seven o'clock now oh, Mr.-" " Mason, Miss Lyndith." * " Mr. Mason, how will you manage ? These March nights are so cold, and five long, lonely, freezing hours- No, it is too much." She clasped her hands, and looked at him in despair. Duke smiled. " Please don't think of me, Miss Lyndith. I will wait with all the pleasure in life. I don't mind it -upon my word and honour, I don't. I like it yes, I do. It's an adventure, you see, and I never had an adventure before in the whole course of my existence. I will wait for midnight and you. May I ask how you propose getting out ?" "Through this window. Oh, how kind, how good you are, sir, and I am quite friendless and alone here. These windows are secured by bolts on the inside. I can easily draw them, lift the window, and jump out. And you have the key of the gate, you say ?" " Yes, madam. And then ?" " Then-Mr. Mason, when does the earliest train from Speckhaven start for town ?" " I really don't know ; that we must ascertain at the station before the people here get up, that is certain. But it is clear five miles to Speckhaven ; can you walk it?" " Mr. Mason, I could walk fifty miles, I think, to escape this dreadful house. Oh ! if I can only reach London and start for Paris before they miss me here." "For Paris ?" Mr. Mason exclaimed. " IsBobert in Paris, I wonder ?" he thought. "Yes; I have friends in Paris-my mother's friends, who will protect me even againBt my guar- dian, I think. Hark ! Oh, Mr. Mason, go-quick, for pity's sake. My uncle is here !" She Bprang back from tho window. Duke made for his tree. Just as he regained his roost the door opened, and Mr. Lyndith, looking less grim and more humanized, as the most savage of men, I notice, are apt to do after dinner, carne in. The young lady had flung herself into his arm- chair before the fire. She arose sullenly at his entrance. " Don't disturb yourself, Olivia-don't, I beg ¡ I am only sorry you didn't dine ; Mrs. Grimshaw is an excellent caterer, really. What! you're not going so soon ?" " Your society is so pleasant, Mr. Lyndith, and your conversation so profitable, that it must seem strange to you, no doubt," the girl said, bitterly. " I am going, nevertheless. Good-night." " But, Olivia, wait a moment, I beg. Won't you give me some music, my dear ? These March even- ings are so confoundedly long, and the wind posi- tively howls dismally enough to give a man the horrorB." " With a clear conscience like yours, Uncle Geoffrey, I wonder such nervous notions trouble you. No ; I shall give you no music to-night." " Then perhaps you will give me an answer MÍSB, Lyndith ?" "To what, sir?" " Will you return with me to-morrow to London ?" " Yes, decidedly." " As the promised wife of Sir Vane Charteris ?" "No!" "Then you prefer remaining a prisoner in- definitely?" " I prefer anything to marrying Sir Vane Charteris. Good-night, Uncle Geoffrey. " But, Olivia-" " Good-night !" Olivia said, with a flash of her great black eyes ; and with the words she was gone. The man started up with an oath, and made for I the door. " Come back, Olivia !" he cried. " I have some- thing to propose." But only the ghastly echo of his own voice came back to bim down the lonesome gallery. Miss Lyndith's taper gleamed already far above in the upper rooms, and the bleak draught whistled drearily up and down the black-oak hall. He closed the door with a shudder, and began pacing moodily up and down the long flrelit room. "Blast her obstinacy!" he muttered. "But I might have known-she was always a headstrong little devil. In his grave under the stormy Atlantic, he is as much in my way as he was three years ago here in England. The child is my last resource-she will come to terms for its sake. YeB, I must give her the child; she will promise any- thing for that-anything. I'll make her the offer to- morrow, and end this infernal business. Once in possession of Vane Charteris, and your airs and vapours will come to an end, aiy lady." He resumed his chair, rang a hand-bell, ordered wine and cigars in a savage tone, and stared moodily into the fire. These refreshments brought, he sat smoking for upward of an hour, then ordered candles, and departed. A minuto later, and hiB light shone in an upper window, fifteen more, and Mrs. Grimshaw and Joseph went their rounds, fastening up for the night. " It don't do no good a-badgerin' of a chap now," Joseph was saying, in a voice of sulky injury : " it's gone, and that's all about it. Your barking won't bring the thing back, will it ? I didn't lose it, I tell you, Heft it in the keyhole. I did, so help me, and when I came back it was clean gone. There ! I don't know nothink more about it. We can bolt the gates, can't we-who's a-coming to rob this hold Castle Dismal-and I'll get a key to-morrow over in Speckhaven." | And then the window was closed with a bang, and secured, and the servants left the room, and only the smouldering glow of the dying fire was left to console Mr. Mason on his perch in the tree. Joseph slouched down to the gate, returned, and the last door closed for the night. Two more lights shone up above for half an hour longer, then all Lyndith Grange lay wrapped in the silence and darkness of death. It was now close upon ten o'clock. The cold March moon was sailing silvery up the steep blue sky, and by its ivory light Duke looked at his watch. Ten ! Two mortal hours yet to wait, in cold and loneliness, and in a haunted park ! He must stay here till midnight-awful hour ! when, according to all received traditions, the gory ghost of the murdered cavalier, and the shrieking lady, might be looked for, if they intended to put in an appearance at all. Duke didn't believe in ghosts ; none of UB do, in broad daylight, with the sun shining, and the world astir about us; but this was quite different, you see. "Put yourself in his place" up a tree, not a creature near, in a grave-yard, say not reported to be haunted, even, and see if every gleam of moon- light isn't a ghost, and every sough of wind the unearthly rattle of skeleton bones. " Oh, Lord !" groaned Mr. Mason ; " to think that I, who never lost a wink of sleep, or a meal's victuals' in my life, like most fellows, for any woman alive, should come to this for a young per- son I never laid eyes on until within the last two hours. To think that I, who never was in love in my life, should be going to elope at midnight now. Great powers ! What would Rosanna say if she could see me now ?" And Duke waited. One by one the minutes told off on his dial-piste ¡ slowly the crystal moon s warn up the purple Bky ; brightly burned the frosty stars, and slowly, from head to foot, the watcher became benumbed. Most lugubriously, most un- earthly, wailed and moaned the wind through the trees ; in the dead Bilence he could hear the dull roar of the surf six miles away. Would Miss Lyndith never come ?" Yes. At half-past eleven exactly he heard the cautious withdrawal of the window-bolts. With an inward thanksgiving, and all cramped ana stiff, Duke got down from the tree, and approached. Yes, there she stood, the moonlight shin- ing on her pale face and starry eyes* She wore a cloak and hood, and held a veil in her hand. She motioned him to silence, opened the window, and drew herself carefully through the narrow aperture. Duke lifted her gently down before she oonld Bpring. Her teeth were chatter- ing, partly with cold, partly with nervous terror. " Come on !" He drew her hand within his arm-it was no time for ceremony, no time for standing on degree -and hurried with her down the avenue. They never spoke. The gates were secured by massive, bolts. Duke shot them back easily, and she stood on the moonlithigh-road-free. " Thank Heaven !" he heard her whisper, as she glanced back, with a shudder, at the gloomy pile. " I will never go back alive." She took his arm again, and they hastened rapidly on. Excitement lent them strength and speed-perhaps neither had ever walked in their lives as they did that night. They were silent by the way-both were breathless. To Duke it was like a dream-this strange adventure-this fairy figure on his arm-this weird midnight runaway. " I shall awake presently, to see Bosanna at my door, ordering me to get up to breakfast," he thought, and find all this a dream." He glanced down at his companion, How pale she was, how pale ! Her small face gleamed in the moonlight like snow, her black eyes looked spectral in the cold silver rays. And how pretty, and how young-such a mere child, and running away like this, friendless and persecuted. Duke's heart filled with a great compassion ; it is so easy to compassionate pretty young girls. " Poor little thing ! and I thought she was the lady of Dr. Worth's story-so youthful and so pretty ; and the old rascal called her Miss Lyndith." Mr. Mason was quite shocked at himself for his late scandalous suspicion. " She's so pretty that it's a pleasure to look at her. I wish, yes I do wish- tha 11 were Eobert." Which was the nearest approach to anything sentimental that Duke had ever got in his life He wasn't a woman-hate ; women were very useful in their way, indispensable, indeed, he was just enough to own, in several respects, but he had a contempt for them as a whole, as weak and inferior animals, as all well- regulated male minds must have. They reached the town as the Speckhaven clocks were striking the quarter after midnight. It lay still in the moonlight-solemnly still-white and cold. They hurried through its quiet streets, not meeting half a dozen people until they had left it behind. The station stood, as it is in the nature of stations to stand, in a dreary traet of waste land, on the outskirts of the town- At half past twelve they reached it. One or two officials, with blue noses and sleepy eyes, stared at them stolidly. The next train for London was a slow train; and it would pass ac 2.15. Nearly two hours to wait ! She sank down in a seat, exhausted-white as a spirit. Duke left her by the fire, and went in search of refreshments ; but at that hour there was nothing to be had. He returned to tell her so, with a disappointed face, and to his surprise she looked up at him with great tears shining in the dusk eyes, and took his hand iu both her own. «' How good you are !" she said. " How good ! how good ! How can I ever thank you, Mr. Mason !" Mr. MaBon had, like all his sex-devoid of little weaknesses of any sort themselves-a, strong aver- sion to scenes. He turned very red, and drew his hand away, as if those soft fingers burned him muttering something incoherent about " not men- tioning it-taking a little nap in her chair before the train came." " Wait a minute," she said ; " we don't know what may happen ! I may be followed, and brought back in spite of you ; and some day I may need a kind friend's help again. -Take this ring; it is worth a great deal. Oh, you must- and keep it for my sake. Give me your London address, now that we have time, and whether we get safe to Paris or not. Some day I may seek your help again ; and if ever I need you, you will come." " I will come," he said, simply. He gave her the address, No. 50 Half-Moon Terrace, Bloomsbury, and she wrote it in a little pocket-book. The ring she had forced upon him blazed in his hand like a glowing coal. It was an opal, curiously Bet in dead gold-most sinister and beautiful of stones. "Thank you, Mr. Mason," she repeated, looking gratefully up with those wonderful black eyes. " I will never forget your kindness while I live. And now I will try to rest until the train comes." She sank down in her chair before the fire, shading her face with one hand, and Duke left her, and paced up and down the platform. How the moments lagged-it was worse than waiting in the tree. Once in motion, and Speck- haven in the distance, he could feel almost safe not before. "Poorlittle thing!" he thought; "poor little pretty young lady ! What a brute that uncle must be to persecute and imprison such a helpless, tender creature, and what a lucky fellow that Eobert is !" One! pealed from the station clock. An hour and fifteen minutes yet to wait, and every second precious. Half-past one !-two !-Duke's heart was beat- ing thick and fast with suspense. Fifteen minutes more-he would go and see if she slept-poor child. He turned to go-stopped short-his heart stopped, too, for carriage-wheels were flying through the silent streets, straight along to the station. Nearer, nearer ! A sudden stop-a man leaped out and strode straight to the waiting-room. He heard a low, wordless cry within that told him all. Then, with clenched fists, and a ferociou« feeling in his usually peaceful breast, he made for the waiting- room, and looming up, black-stern grim-awful-he confronted Mr. Geoffrey Lyndith. (To he continued.) 