BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. The labor question forceB itself upon us every hour in the twenty-four, for, like Banquo's ghost, it will not go down. Cer tain trades have passed out of the hands of Americana, and are now in the control of foreigners, ihonsands of whom cannot speak our language and never expect to, Vdt vhn hrnia hnon lfiTPQfari vxrif-h flid rights of American citizenship. They hare come to this country in swarms more destructive than the locusts of Egypt, and they only know oor government to de nounce it. From the Bowery to tbe East Hirer, and from East Broadway to Tenth- street, is a mishty foreign hrve, containing within it all the elements of disintegration, resolu tion, and destruction. Here anarchy floats its red flag ; here treason spits its venom ; here poverty struggles for life, fighting every hour of the twenty-four, a bard and unequal battle ; long hours of killing labor for poor and miserable pay make life a constant torture; to which death in any form seems preferable. Thirty y^ars ego this whole district was America ; to-day tho English language is hardly spoken. Russian, Polish, Hun garian, and German are the only sounds -wnn tionr. All thn sirrns am in thcop Sanguases, and Hebrew is not uncommon. It is the most densely populated district in the United Sf.tes, and probably one oftbemosc thickly settled districts in the world. East Broadway, which is the southern ; boundary of the diattict, foriy years ago was ou-i ot the most respectable streets 1 in New York. Here dwelt the rich old . Qnakers who did business in the Swamp ; great importers from South and Water streets ; bankers from Wall-street and brokers from Broad-street, made up the great body of this wealthy and aristocratic society. The Quaker element is stron? here. Their meeting-bouse was ia an Orchard street, only a short distance away, and every year, at annual meeting, when the Friends gathered from distant parts, all | the doors on East Broadway were open ; the host and hostess stood in the door- way. greeting tbeir visitors as they passed along ? with a cheerful, il Will thee walk in ?' All that changed now ; that which was once one of the cleanest and msor orderly streets in this city, is now inhabited by a different class, that New York could well be ride of. In the streets beyond, to the east, for a mile snd a half, dirt and anarchy prevail. We spend two or three millions in the endeavor to keep our streets clean, but all our effects are vain in this unsavory bailiwick. In this portion of our city live the Russian Polish and Hungarian Jews. The poor wretches have been down-trodden and oppressed all tbeir lives, and the govern ment, iastead of representing a friend and protector as we understand it in America, it eeems to them an accursed tyrant and if they can, they will destroy it. Among them s clean face or a clean ? shirt is looked upon with suspicion ; nose . but a capitalist would indulge in such ; luxury, and a capitalist is no better than a thief. Ail sorts of communistic and ! revolutionary societies flourish and thrive here. Joseph Barondess and John Moss ' find here the great body of thhir friends. ; When not fighting outsiders they are .generally fighting among themselves. Ten years ago the sand lot demagogue, Denis Learoey, set the whole land aflame \- -on the ChineBe question. The Chinese were going to ruin American labor, nnd forthwith 8 subservient congress, pandering . to the most despicable tyranny that ever «ursed this land, passed laws excluding Chinese immigration. The Chinaman may OGt be the most desirable kind of an immigrant, but he is as much superior to the Jewish hordes that are now being driven out to Russia, as a cultivated, high toned Caucasian is superior to a Hottentot. The Chiu°se are peaceable and indus trious and as a general average, cleanly. The Russian Jew is the reverse of all this ; he is dirty in his person, litigious and quarrelsome in his disposition ; they seem to have the crudest ideas of honor or honesty they are qnite as ready to cheat each other as they are to fleece the stranger within their gates, In speaking of then I do not refer to them as religionists, but as a class. ] have no religious prejudices of any kind that I -»m aware of. We have here English, German, French, and American Jews by the thousands, that would be an honor to shy community^ they have subscribe^ millions of dollars to aid these unfortunate outcast, but they have been met with in gratitude and abuse till they have almost shut their hands ana hearts against them. 