SHE SHINES ME DOWN. Her tones were low; even the groom who stands at Steel Grey's head fails to catch the import of her words as she bends her head down while Mr. Saltoun adjusts her foot to the stirrup. *In three days,' he mutters, looking up with a flushed face and flashing eyes. 'Three days. Well, I will wait three days, though I'm tired of this place,'she whispers, laughingly. And then with a slight inclination of the head to the man with whose heart she is be ginning to play, Gladys Cardigan goes off on her bonnie more to put the finishing touch of beauty to every portion of the scenery through which she passes. His sister is waiting for him in the hall, and as he joins her she says: * Did that woman ask you to call on her, Arch ?' 'She did not,' he answers, decidedly, but he omits to mention that Mrs. Cardigan has offered the far more potent flattery of promis ing to ' wait for him for three days ' in a place of which she declares herself to be 'already tired.' 'Flo wouldn't understand it, and it would only put her out,' he says, salving his conscience as to his reticence with the reflection that he is reticent only to spare his sister annoyance. 'Really I I wonder at her missing such an opportunity,' Mrs. Dumorest says, drily. 'What an actress the woman is, Arch. The hall.porter tells me her horse has been at the hall door one hour. She has evidently been waiting about to give us the benefit of the sight of her in the saddle l' 'And a splendid sight it is. She has the prettiest seat I ever saw, and know's what she's about with her hands, too ; she tells me that mare of hers is a clipper to trot,' Arch says, with fine open admiration. ' Her phraseology is hardly as ' pretty' as her seat, or as well managed as her hands,' Mrs. Dumorest says, coldly, and Arch Saltoun feels, for the first time in his life, that his sister has it in her to be unjustly spiteful. 'Shedidn't use the expression you cavil at, Fin. That was my own, as you might have guessed.' They have reached their own room by this time. Florence Dumorest, who really loves her brother with the best love she has to give, puts her arm round his neck and kisses away his annoyance. 'Forgive me for having viciously tried to twist everything to her disadvantage, dear Arch.. It's only because I can't bear to see you admire a doubtful woman. But we've seen the last of her, I hope, so we'll say no more about her.' Two hours after this, as Mrs. Cardigan comes at a sharp trot alone the Paington road on her return home, she sees the grace ful 'Ghost,' with all her canvas spread, sail ing out of the harbour, and a smile covers her face at the sight. ' He will return, I know he will I' she says, with a light laugh. 'And he'll come back expecting me to beam with delight at his doing so; and, probably, I shall gratify him, though if the yacht went down this moment with all hands on board, we would'nt break our trot or our hearts at the sight, would we, my mare ?' It would be painful to Archibald Saltouns feelings, but well for his future if he could see the look of sunny ferocity which passes over Mrs. Cardigan, weary of the warm mono tony which reigns among the wooded slopes of the Queen of the West, as she ordered Brit ton to pack her trunks, and the grooms to pre pare the horses for travelling. In her innermost soul she is relieved that the incentive to stay on has not been given her. In a spasm of unusual generosity she almost rejoices that she has not been able to lead into temptation the only man who has ever impressed her with a belief in his abso lute honesty and integrity. She has not dined at the public table once since the first night of her arrival. In vain the old clergyman whom she has bewitched by the zeal and enthusiasm she displays for the sport he loves to describe looks with an xious eyes each night for the *'pretty little woman, whose figure looks so uncommonly neat on horseback.' She neither gladens his eyes nor pains the vision of two or three of the more sensitively correct of her own sex, who declare that they 'positively sbudder' and 'tremble' and ex perience sundry other queer abnormal physi cal sensations at sight of her. She goes on her indifferent way neither seeking to deprecate animadversion nor avoid shuddering and trembling remark. To all outward appearance she is a per fectly prosperous, independent, happy woman. Only herself and Britton know what a sham is the prosperity-what a farce the indep endence-what a falsehood the happiness, and even Britton does not know these things with perfect understanding. Britton is grumbling to-night after the soul wearing manner of powerful, privileged ser vants, for her mistress's last caprice to leave this hotel where Britton is so exceedingly comfortable seems naturally enough to Brit ton to be most unreasonable. 'There is no rest for the sole of your foot, Miss Gladys,' she says, complainingly. 'The money it costs you in going from place to place would keep you respectable in a quiet home of your own for months.' Gladys listens laughingly. 'You funny Britton!' she says, good temperedly. 'To think you have known me all this time and don't know yet that I don't want to have a ' queit home' of my own, or 'to be respectable,' or to do anything but please myself for the minute in any way that it pleases me to do so.' The change in her expression, voice, and manner would be shocking and terrible to the majority of observers of Mrs. Cardigan's habits and customs. The fair Gladys, who, in her opening sentence, has been all good ness and gladness, develops in her closing re mark an amount of eager, angry energy that is almost ferocious. But apparently Britton does not mark the change. At any rate she takes no heed of it, but just goes on as if her mistress had not spoken : 'And the next best thing to a quiet com fortable home of your own is an hotel like this, to my mind. It all goes on just like clockwork here-no skurry nor hurry, meals to the minute, all as pleasant as-----' Gladys recovers her amiability, and stops her serving-woman with a laugh. ' What a Paradise you're painting, Britton, 'Meals to the minute i' I don't care whether I have them to the minute or not. I am dull here. I've been dull wherever I've been for several years, but I shall find some place at last where I can be actively happy or miserable, or good, or wicked. I don't know which it will be, but it will be one of those things you'll see me before long.' She turns abruptly to a'glass and scans her own face carefully as she speaks, as if she would read in her own eloquent eyes the story of what her life is going to be. * Ab I' she exclaims, impatiently; 'the very feeling that made me look made them inquiring, not prophetic. Go on packing, Britton, and don't glare at me.' ( Miss Gladys, it's you that's glaring,' the woman replies. Then she adds, pausing in her occupation of pressing rich dresses down into a narrow compass-adds affectionately, with a touch of real feeling.' 