Iptoataw.. THE SORCERESS. Br MRS. OLtPHAJSTT, Author of 'The Son of h;.a Father,' 'Tho Chronicles of Carlingford,' 'The Rose in June,' 'The Greatest Heiress in England,' ' Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' 'It was a Lover and his Lass,' ' &.dam Graeme, ' &c.; fcc; ?'??- {Published by speraaV arrangement with the author .All rights reserved.] ? Porbmau-sqttare had seemed to Bee the first Step into the world after all that had happened ; but when she was there this gentle illusion faded. It was not the world but only another dry and faded corner out of the -world, more Bilent and recluse than even 'Kingswarden had become, for there were no voices of children -within and no rustle of trees and singing of tirda without, The meeticg with Betty' was sweet, but the air of the little old-fashioned tea- table, the long, solemn dinner, with the . -butler and the footman stealing like ghosts about the table, which -was laid out with heavy silver and cut glass, with only one small bunch of Sowers as a sacrifice to modern ideas in the middle, and the silence of tbe great drawing room afterwards, half lighted and dreary, came ?with a chill upon tbe girl who had been afraid of being' dazzled by too much brightness. JThere were only the old lady and the old gentleman, Betty, and herself around the big .table, and only the same party without the old gentleman afterwards. Mrs. Lyon asked Bee questions about her excellent father, and she examined Bee closely about her dear mother, wishing to know all the particulars of Mrs. Kingsward's illness. 'I can't get a uice serious answer from Betty. She is such a little thing ; awl she tells me she was not at home through the worst,' Mrs. Lyon said. It was not a subject to inspirit Bee or enable her to rise above the level of her home thoughts. ?Betty did not seem to feel it in the same way. ?She was in a white frock with black ribbon?, ifur Mrs. Lyon did not like to sea her in black, ''such a little thing, you know.' Bee wondered {vaguely whether Bhe herself, only a year and a tfaalf the elder, was supposed to be quite taiddleaged and beyond all the happier sur roundings of life. Mrs. Lyon gave her a great Ideal of advice as to what she ought to do and [talked much of the responsibilities of the elder eister. 'you must teach them, to obey you, jhiy dear. You must not let down the habit of ^obedience; yon must be very strict with them ; ja sister has more need eveu than a mother to jbe very strict to keep them in a good vsy.' iBee sat very still while the old lady prosed. ilt was S3 silent but for that voice that - $he ticking of the clock became quite an im jportant sound in the large dim room. And 'Bee strained' her ears for tbe sound of a ,- jhausom drawing up ; for -Charlie's step on the jpavement. Many hansoms stopped at neigh boring houses and foofcstep3 sounded. But ?Charlie did not make his appearance. ' My jbrother said he would look in later,' she had ?told Mrs. Lyon when she arrived. 'Well, ?my dear, we shall hops he will,' the old la iy jhad said, *? but a young man in London finds a hundred engagements.' And Betty, who {had been so serious, who had been so sweet, a {perfect companions* the time of their mother's death, more deeply penetrated by all the jinfluences of the time titan Bee herself, now iflitted about in her white frock with all her (old brightness and sang her little song without {faltering to show Bee what progress she had (made since she had been taking lessons. JBee could scarcely yet sing the hymns in j «huich without breaking down, though ' ito be sure a girl who was having the best Seasons would be obliged to get over that. 1 After the long evening when they were at last jalooe together Betty did not respond warmly ito Bee's suggestion that she should now be (thinking of returning home. ' You seem to {think of nothing but the children,' ehe said ; !'you can't want me,11 to which Bee could only 'reply that there were more things than the children to. think of and that she was very lonely and had no one to talk to ? ' But yon have Charlie,9' said Betty. ' Charlie is very full — of his own concerns. He has not much sympathy with me. All that he wants is to get back to Oxford.' ' To Oxford in the vacation ? What would lie do there?' ' He says he would work,' said Bee. 'Ob, Bee, how nice of Charlie! I know they do sometimes. . Gerald Lyon tells me; . but I never thought that 'Charlie — — ' - ' Ho,' said Bee, ' and I don't feel very sure vow. There is some one— to whom he writes' such long letters ? ' ' Oh, Bee ! This is far, far more interest ing than reading. Do you know who she is ? Does he tell you about her?' ' Her name is Laura,' eaid Bee, ' that is all I know.1' ' Oh,' cried Betty, '_' Charlie too !'and then a flush came over the girl's uplifted faoe. Bee, poor Bee, absorbed in the many things which bad dawned upon her which were beyond Betty, did not observe the color nor even that significant 'too' which had come to Betty's lips in spite of herself. 'I think he met her, or some one belonging to her, at the Academy to-day, and that's why he hasn't come. Oh, Betty, I am not happy about it— I am not happy at all !' Betty put her arms round Bee and kissed her. She thought it was the remembrance of her own disappointment and disaster which made her sister cry out in this heartbroken way. Betty looked vary wistfully in Bee's eyes She was more sorry than words could say. If she could have done anything in the world ' to make it all come tight' she would have done so. And in the bottom of her heart she still had a con viction that all would 'come right.' ' Oh Bee, Bee!' she cried, 'cannot anything be done? If only— only you would have listened to his mother 1-r Bea ? ' Bee held up a warnisg finger. 'Do you think it is myself I Am thinking of f she said, and then wringing her hands she added, 'I don't know what harm we have done to bring it on ; but oh, I think we are in the hands of fate.' What did this mean? Betty thought her aster bad gone out of her mind and Bee ?would make no explanation. But I think this strange conversation made Betty rather less willing to return home. She was the darling of the house in Portman-square ; though they did nob go much into . society they tad all manner of indulgences for Betty and took her to the park and -encouraged the visits pf their nephew Gerald, who was a very merry com panion for the girL, He was permitted to take \ her to see various sights and the old people as -usual did not peroeive what was beginning to dawn under their very eyes. Betty was such a little thing. The consequence was that, though Bee thought Portman-square still duller than Kingswarden, her little sister was not of that opinion. Bee accordingly went back alone next day; Betty accompanying her to the railway-station. Neither at Port man-square nor at the railway did Charlie appear and it was with a heavy heart *hat Bee went home. It seemed to her as she towelled alone, forlthink the first time in her life (she was not yet quite twenty), that everyone was following bis or her own way and that only she was bearing the whole burden of the family. Her father had returned to his own world, hie club, his dinners, official and other wise. It was indispensable that he shonld do so, Bee had understood, it being impossible for a man in his position to withdraw from the world on account of any private feeling of bis own; and Betty had fashed back again into her music and her white frock, and was seeing everything as of old; and Charlie— oh, what was Charhedoing, drifting off into some tragic enchantment,? The poor girl's heart -was very heavy. . There seemed only herself to think of. them all in their separate paths, one here and another there, going further and further off in bo many different directions from the event which had broken the rarity ol *be family, ;ye» surely should have held them together in- their conunoo trouble^ That »verthad«me into tire *egwmB of the past. The time of the mother was over like a tale - that is told. -There were etill the children in the nursery, and Bee, their guardian, watching over them— bub the others -all going off, each at their separate angle. It is hard enough to realise this, even when age has gained a certain insensibility, but to the girl this breaking up of the family wasjterrible. ? I — even I alone remain ' «hn was inclined to say with the prophet; and what could she do to stop she closing of these toils of Fate? Her mind gradually concentrated on that last ana most alarming them of all— the woman, the lady, wibhout a name or history, or any evi dent link with the family who had thus for the second time appeared in the path. Bee tried to fall back upon her reason, to repre sent to herself that she had no real cause for assuming that the stranger of whom she knew nothing, who might simply have been walking through that German wood and have stopped by chance to speak to the little English girl with her stupid sketch, had anything to do with the disaster which so soon overtook that poor little English girl in the midst of her happy love. She had no reason, none, for thinking eo. She tried to represent to herself hotf foolish she had been to enter tain such a notion, how natural and without meaning the incident had been. And now again for the second, time what reason had she to -believe that anything fatal or even dangerous to Charlie was in this lady's appearance -now? She was a distinguished-looking* woman, much older than Charlie. What was more likely than that such a woman, probably by her looks a married lady, a person of importance, shonld have a great deal of influence over a youth like Charlie if she took notice of him at all ? All thi3 was very reasonable. There was far more sense 'in it than iu that foolish terror and alarm which had taken possession of her mind. She had almost persuaded heraelf that these apprehensions were foolish before she reached home, and yeb the moment after she had succeeded in reasoning it ail out and con vincing herself how foolish they bad been they had risen up in a crowd and seized her anxious mind again. It was some days beyond the week whirsb Charlie had been allowed in town when he came back He was in agitated spirits with a look of mingled excitement and exhaustion which gave Bee many alarms, but which she was not sufficiently skilled or experienced to interpret. Colonel Kingsward had not come home in the interval, having gone somewhere else to spand his weekly holiday and when he did come there were various colloquies between him and 1m son which were evidently of a disturbing kind. Somn of these were about money as was to be made ont by various allu sions. Charlie had either been spending too much or had set up a claim to more in the future, a claim which his father was reluctant to allow. But it seemed that he had come out triumphant in*he end to judge by Oheir respec tive looks when they issued from the library together just bafore Colonel Kingswatd left for town. 'I hope at least you'll Laa&e; a good nee of it, ''were the father's ? last words — and- 'you may trust me, sir,' said Charge,' with all the elation of victory. He was in gieat spirits all day. teasing the children and giving Bee half confidences as to the great things he meant to do. 'They shan't put me off with any of their beastly Governorships at the end of the world,' Raid Charlie, ' I shall play for high stakes, Bee ; I can't afford to be a mere attache long, bat they shan't shelve me at some horrible African station, I can tell you. That's not a kind of promotion that will suit me.' ' But you will have to go where you are sent,' said Bee. 'Oh, shall 1 2' cri* d Charlie. ' That is all you know about is. Besides when a man has a particularly charming wi— .'' He stopped and coughed over the words and laughed and grew red. ' Do you think vour manners are so nar ticulorly charming?' said Bee with familiar scorn, upon which Charlie laughed louder than ever and walked away. Next day he left home hurriedly, saying he was going to make a run for a day or two to 'see a man,' and came back in the flame excited exhausted state on Saturday morning before his father returned. A process wh:oh was repeated almost) every week to the great consternation and trouble of Bee. For Charlie never mentioned these absences to his father, and Bee felt herself spellbound as if Bhe were incapable of doing so. How could she betray her brother ? And the letters to Laura ceased. He had no time now to write these long letters. Neither did be receive them a3 used to be the case. Had the correspondence stopped? or was there any -other explanation ? But Charlie talked but little to his sister now and not at all on this subject, and thus the web of mystery seemed to be woven more and more about his feet — Bee alone suspecting or fearing anything, Bee alone entirely unable to make it clear. Chapter XXXIL The year went on in its usual routine, the boys came back from school, there was the usual move to the seaside, all mechanically performed under the impulse of use, and when the anniversary came round of the mother's death it passed and the black dresses were gradually laid aside. And everything came back and everybody referred to Bee as if there had always been e slim elder sister at the head of affairs. Betty came home at the end of the season with a sentiment in respect to Gerald Lyou and with the prospect of many returns to Portman-square, but nothing final' in her little case, nothing that prevented her from being one of the ringleaders in all the mischief which inevitably occurred when the family were gathered together. Bee had become so prematurely serious, so over wrought with the cares of the family that Betty, who was too energetic to be suppressed, gradually came to belong rather to the faction of the boys than to share the responsibilities of the elder sister, which might have been her natural place. The second Christmas, instead of being forlorn like the first, was almost the gayest that bad been known in Kingswarden for many years, For the boys were growing, and demanded invitations for their friends and great skating while the trost lasted, which, as the pond as Kingswarden was the best for a great number of miles round, brought many cheerful youthful visitors about tbe bouse. Colonel Kingsward -was nothing if not correct; ' he did not neglect the interests of any of his children. He perceived ab once that to have Bee alone at the head of affairs without any erpp^rt, especially when his own time at home was so much broken by visits, would be bad at'once for her 'prospects' and for ' the discipline of the family. He procured a harmless necessary aunt accordingly, a perma nent member of the household, yet only a visitor who could be displaced at any time, to provide for all necessary proprieties, an arrangement) which left him very free to go and come as he pleased. And thus life re sumed its usual lightness and youth triumphed, and things at Kingswarden went on as of old, with a little more instead of less commotion and company and entertainment as the young. people developed and advanced. It was perhaps natural enough too in the circumstances that Charlie, though the oldest son, should be eo little at home. He came for Christmas, but he did not throw himself into the festivities with the spirit he ought to have shown. He was in a fitful state of mind, some times in high spirits, sometimes overclouded and impatient, contemptuous of the boys, as having himself reached so different a line of development, and indifferent to all the family re unions and pleasures. Sometimes it seemed to Bee, who was the only one in the family who concerned herself about Charlie's moods, that he was anxious and unhappy, and that the air of being bored which be pub on so readily and the hurried way in which he rushed oub and in, impatient of the family calls upon him con cealed a secret trouble. He complained to her of want of money, of his father's niggard liness, of the unhappy lot of young men who had never any 'margin,' who dared not spend an extra shilling without thinking where ib was to come from. But whether this was his only trouble, or how it came about that he had discovered himself to be so poor, Bee, poor child who knew so little, could not divine. How miserable it was that it was she who was in the mother's place. Mamma would have divined, she would have understood, she would have helped him through that difficult passage, but what could Bee do, who knew nothing about life, who thought ib very likely that she was making mountains oub of molehills, and- that' all young men were bored and uneasy at home — oh, if people would only be all good, all happy with each other, all ready to do what pleased the whole, instead of merely what pleased themselves. To Bee, bo prematurely introduced into the midst of those jars and individual strivings of will and fancy, ib seemed as if everything might be made so easy in life by this simple method ! If only everybody would be good ! The reader may think ib was a nursery view of human life, and yeb what a solution it would give to every problem! Colonel Kingsward then would have been more at home, would hare been the real father who commanded his children's confidence, instead of papa whose peculiarities had to be studied, in whose pre sence the children had to be hushed and every occasion of disturbance avoided and of whom they were all more or less afraid. Anc Charlie would have been more or less a seoond to him, thoughtful of all, chivalrous to the girls, fond of home, instead of, as he was, pausing as ib were on one foot while he was with his family, anxious only to get away. And Bee— well, Bee perhaps would have been different too had that new, yet old, golden rule cpme into full efficacy. Oh, if everybody, in cluding always one's own self, would only be good! It makes the head go round to think what a wonderful revolution in the world generally theadoptaon of that simplest method would produoe. Bub in poor Bee'e experience ib waB the last role likely to be adopted to King£ warden, where, more and more to the puzzled oonsoiousneaa of the girl not able to oope with so many warring individualities, everyone was going his own way. -?-???. . It was in the early spring that Colonel Kingsward came down from town to Kings warden looking less like the adoption of this method than ever before. The children were in the hall when he came busy with some great gamjaiu which various skins which were gene rally laid out there were in use as properties, making, it must be allowed, a scene of con fusion in that place. The colonel was not ex pected. He had walked from the station, and ' the Bound of his voice stopped the iun/with a sudden horror of silence and fright, which, in deed, was nob complimentary bo a father. Instead of greetings he asked why the chil dren were allowed to make such a confusion in the place withayoiee which penetrated to bee depths of the housa and brought Bee and Betty flying from the drawing-room. 'Papa !' they both cried in surprise, mingled with alarm. Colonel Kingsward walked into the room they bad left, ordering peremptorily the children to the nursery, but finding certain friends of Betty's there in full enjoyment of talk and tea retreated again to his library, Bee following nervously. 'Is your brother here?' he asked harshly, establishing himself with his back to the. fire. 'My brother ?' echoed Bee, for indeed there were half a dozen, and how was she to know on the spur of the moment which he meant ? _ Colonel Kiigsward looked in the partial light (for a lamp - which smoked had been brought in hurriedly, to make things worse) a3 if he would have liked to seize his daughter and wrinK her slender neck. He went on with additional irritation, 'I said your brother. The others, I have no doubt, wiil provide trouble enough in their turn For the moment it is, of course, Charlie I mean. Is he here?' ' Papa ! Why. he is at Oxford, you know, in the Schools ? ' Colonel Kingsward laughed harshly, ' Ho was going in for honors, was-n't-he? Wanted to go up to read in the long vacation — was full of what he was going to do. Well ! it has all ended in less than nothing, as I might have known ib would. Read tttet !' he cried, toss ing a letter on the table. Bee with her hearb tick took up and opened the letter and struggled to read in her agita tion an exceedingly bid hand by an indifferent light. Shemadeout enough to see that Charlie had nob succeeded in his 'schools,' that he had not even secured a ' pass,' that he had incurred the continual censure of his college authorities by shirking lectures, failing iu en gagements, and doing absolutely no work. So far as was known there was nothing against his la-ral character, but ? . Bee, to whom the cmistire of the col!ege sounded like a sentence - of death, put -k-wn the dreadful letter care fully, as if it might explode, and raised large eyes, widened with alarm and misery to her father's face. ' Oh, papa !' was all that she could say. '*I telegraphed to him to come home atones and meet me here. The fool !' said -Colonel Kingsward, pacing about the room, ' is capable or not doing tnat^of going away — of ? ' Papa, they say there is nothing against his character. Oh ! you couldn't think that he would — do anything dreadful; not disappear, not ? .' Bee said the rest in an anguish of suspicion 'and ignorance with her eyes. 'God knows what an idiot like that may do ! Things are bad enough, but he will of course think them worse than they are. There is one thing we may be sure of,' he said, with a fierce laugh, 'Charlie will do nothing to make himself uncomfortable. He knows how to take care of himself.' Colonel Kingsward walked up and down the room gnawing the end of his moustache. The lamp smoked, bub he took no notice of it. ' There is one thing certain,' he said, 'and that is that there's a woman in it. I remember now he was always thinking of something — like an ass, I supposed it wa3 his studies. No doubt it was some Jezebel or other.' 'Papa,' said Bee. 'Speak out! Has he told you any thing ?'' He stopped in front of her and stood looking with threatening eyes into her face. ' If you keep back anything from me,' he said, 'your brother's ruin will be on your head.' 'Papa,' said Bee faltering, 'it is notmuok I know. I know that there was a lady who lived in Oxford ? ;' ' Ah ! The long vacation, he explained with another angry laugh. ?' He used to write long letters to her and he told me her name.' 'That is something to the purpose. ATliat was^fr name?' 'He said,' said Bee, in a horror of betray ing her brother, yet impelled to speak, ' he said that she was called- Laura, papa.' ' What,' he cried, for Bee's vcica had sunk very low; and then he turned away again with an impatient exclamation, calling her again a little fooL 'Laura, confound her .' What does thab matter? I thought you had some real information to give.' 'Papa,'«aid Bee timidly, 'There is a little more, though perhaps it isn t information. When he took me to the Academy in summer I saw him meet a iady. Oh, not a common person, a beautiful grand- looking lady. But ib could nob be the same,' Bee added after a pause, ' for she was much older than Charlie, not a young lady ab alL' ' Why dldn'o you tell me this ab the time ?' cried Colonel Kingsward. 'Can one never secure the truth even from one's own children? I should have sent him off at once had I known. What do you mean by not young at all?' 'I should think,' said Bee with diffidence and a great anxiety nob bo exaggerate such a dreadful statement, ' that she might perhaps have been— thirty, papa.' ' You little idiot,' her father kindly replied. Why was she a little idiot? But Bee had not time to go into that question. The even ing was full of agitation and anxiety. The poor little girl, pnused to such sensations, sab through dicner in a quiver of anxious abstrac tion, listening for every sound. There were several trains by which he might still come and ab any momenb when the door opened Charlie might present himself, pale with down, fall and distress, to meet hia father's angry look, whose eyes were fixed on the door when ever it opened with as much preoccupation as Bee's— with this difference, that Bee's eyes were soft with excuses and pity, while those brilliant eteelly eyes which shone from beneath her father's dark brows and which were the originals of her own, blazed with anger. When dinner was over, which he hurried through, disturbing the servants in. their leisurely routine, Colonel Kingsward again called Bee to him into the library. She was the only person to whom he could talk of the ' subject of which his mind was full, which was the sole reason for this great distinction ; for. he had very little patience with Bee's trembling re marks. 'Don't be a little fool,' was the answer he made to any timid suggestion upon' which she ventured ; but yet there was a neces sity upon him to discuss it with someone, and Bee, however inadequate, had this burden to bear. ' If the woman is the kind you say and if she 'hinks there's anything to be made by it — why the fool may have married her,' he cried. ' Heavens 1 think of it ; married at three and twenty, without a penny ! But,' he added, coloring a little, ' they are very knowing, these women. She would find out that he was not worth her while and probably throw him off in time.' ' Oh, papa !' cried Bee, horrified by the thonght that her brother might be deserted in the moment of his aowniall. ' That is the best we can hop». He will have Kingswarden, of course, when I die, but not a penny — not a penny in the meantime to keep up any such ridiculous ? Listen ! is that the train?' There was a cutting near Kingswarden through which the thundering of the train was heard as ib passed. This bad been a great grievance at first, but it was nob with out its conveniences to the accustomed ears of the household now. They both listened with anxiety, knowing that by this time ib must have stopped at the station and deposited any passenger and for the next half hour watched and waited ; Bee, with all her being in her tars, listening with an intensity of attention such as she had never known before, holding her breath ; while Colonel Kingsward himself, though he kept wahdng up and down the room, did so with a softened step which made no sound on the thick carpet, not uttering a word, listening too. To describe all the sounds they heard, or thought they heard, how often the gate eeetned to swing in the distance and the gravel start under a quick foot, would 'be endless. It was the last train; if he did not come now it would be clear that be did not mean to come. ' And it was now too late for any telegram. When it was no longer possible to believe that he could have been detained on the way, Colonel Kingsward drew a long breath of that disappointment which, in tbe yielding of nervous tension, is almost for the moment a relief. ' If there is no letter to-'morrow morning I Bhall go up to Oxford,' he said, ' and, Bee, if you like you can come with me. You might be of use. Don't say anything to Betty or your aunt. Say you are going with me to town by the early train and that you may possibly not return till next day. There is no need for saying any more.' ' Yes, papa,' said Bee submissively. That was all he knew. No need for saying any more to Betty, who had known every movement her sister made since ever she was born. But at all events Bee made up her mind to escape explanations so far as she could to-night. She paused for a moment ab the door of the drawing-room as she passed. No more peaceful Bcene could have been presented. Betty was at the piano singing one Bong after another, half for practice, half to amuse the aunt, who sat dozing in her chair by the fire. The others had gone to bed, and careless youth, and still more careless age, knowing nothing of any trouble pursued their usual occupations in perfect composure and calm. The aunt knitted mechanically and dozed in the warmth and quiet which she loved ; and Bee went on singing her songs, in different to her audience, yet claiming atten tion, breaking off now and then in the middle of a line to ask 'Do you like that, Aunt Ellen? Are you paying any attention, Aunt Ellen ?' ' Yes, my dear,! like it very mnofil' the old lady said, and dozed again. Bee turned away with a suppressed sob. Where was Charlie, in disgrace, perhaps hearb broken, deserted by his love, afraid to meet hig,vfather? It was foolish to think thab he was oui in the night, wandering without shelter, ' Vfjihout hope, for there was no n6ed of any eucb'tragic circumstances, but this was the picture-that presented itself to Bee's aching and inex perienced heart. (To be continued. ) 