Ky the liotta Fountain. Three unknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight undor tbe reflections from the old iron of Lotta's Fountain. " This town ie no plaoe for me," said the first. " Although I-am tho Original Matri monial Bureau, my fame is overcast. Mayer's Bureau for Private transaction with poor and hnnny-o fqreio'u ti?inos hoe oqoked my goose ftirevcr!" "Look at mo," whispered a second, "I was portly and rioh; now I am only a ghost ol myself, I wasah En'dowmept Association, and a party namejl Tobin exposed my little game of Assuranoq." " Noolieh Onto I" Baid a third. "Yon have made bad breaks, qbd must lie low for a while. But yoq, my daar Matrimonial, will .still fiad Ooilntry Flats and Oity Dudes. You, myrosptoto'd' Endowment Association oan pull up/'otahes Rnd go to Seattle. But I havo no suah rouomoo. I am Oompletely Dished." Ha pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon liira, thoy shrank in dinmay. " You 'are' right," tney said, speaking to- gctlicr. " .We cannot assooiate with you any longer. A Life- Having servioe that doee not Save Life is somowhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself iii a sand-hill." Benjamin Franklin waB-onae travelling in aold weather aud saw. no vaoant place at the tavsrn-fire where be aould warm himself. He oried oat the order : " Half a peak ot oystere in the shell for my horse." Upon this, all the, fire-place orowd rushed out to see a horse eat oyatcro. Very go"11 the hustler returned and said : "Why, sir, your horse won't eat the oysters." " Wout he ?!' Raid Franklin, now comfort- fortably seated. by the flre&ido; " well, then, bring thota in and obok ihom and I'll eat them myself." " . A houbisholdbu disoorored that a opark from a neighboring oonflagration had fallen uipon his owh slightly slanting roof, andhod set fire to the shingles. All the buohoto ond tubs hid gone to the big firo, and there was :-io.ono to. send after thonq. cviin hod there becu time for euoh a pleasure ; bat the man wee equal to the emergency. He xuebed to o pond near by. and deliberately sat down in the water. To run. npotqfas and out upon .the roof was tho wbrk of a moment, and then he !' sat on " the fire in. mora eonseo than -one, and saved the house. It is aharaoterisiio of some good- natured men always to agree with those with whom they o on verso, It is with thom a point ot politeness never to differ, whioh sort ot politeness' Is certainly a very amiablo kind ol tact. Wo hdw a topitn) inctanae ol tho value of this policy in the eenalblo speech ol tbe .man who, during one of the Belfast riots, 'Was asked by a mob what his religion wao. Ha did not know whether his interrogators were Oatbolios or Protestants, but he looked at their weapons, their bladgcona, and thoir firearms, eurvoyod all oarclully and answered : ''Gentlomen, I am of .tha same opinion as that gentleman there with the big axo." A colonel iu tho Frcnoh array who had & groat eye for neatness, but not muoh of an car for mitBio, took oaaasion ono day to com pliment his band-master on tbo sppeovnnos of hio men. " Thoir uuifonuu ore neat," paid the eolonel,." and their instruments aye'hlosly polished nnd kept in order, but: tfirfro is one improvement that I roust insist upon," " What is iti'ooionol 7" " You muBt train you mon, when thoy per form, to lift thoir fingers all at nxaqMy-tho Same tirad jj«d ad rfgoiar. ntervqla oinhqii' 