-? PARS PITHILY POT. '.And Stripes -Yankee ? D ood 1 e % Yiesterday, Independence. Celebration. Mayoral guests. r Election battle. Who will .win? Were or Naylor J Tailoring -troubles. How's your measles. . Song of tbe shirt again. ' ISeatb, Schiesi pnd Co. . '? Bursting np ' the Union. - N Onr Local Societies column. Mayoral return ball mooted. „ Well done/charf table OrangekenT Science in thej'ulpit crowded ont - More of Spiritualism next -Saturday. St. KJlda footballers bobbing up a bit. Another portrait on Saturday— -you bet. Election Day at South Yarra to-morrow. What's yoar fancy — Were or Naylor. Meny burglar doing his rounds regular. Farther mayoral sodalities at Prahran last night. Early morning runaway in 6t Eilda last Sunday. Lively blaze at Balaclava on Saturday morning last. , L.O.L. Charity Festival a decided musical success. A sad case of destitution at St Eilda calls for aid iu our columns to-day. Bobbery under arms in the Orrong-road, St Eilda — where the ghost used to live. Meeting at Prahran Town-ball this even* ing to arrange for a return mayoral ball. Another addition to Our Gallery of Portraits on Saturday — a gifted lady, this time. More about spiritualism next Saturday— in conclusion of the present aeries ;of articles on tbat subject. ... Elections of officers at the Alma Lodge U.A.O.D., to-night, and at Charnwood Lodge to-morrow night. Tbe Bishop of Melbourne holds -a-Oon- firmati^n serrice at St. Genrge's Chortib, Malvern, to-morrow evening. Messrs. Jacob/, (chairman), Blasbki, Long, and Samnell, J'4.P. were the magis trates on the St. Eilda bench yesterday. Bacred concert at the East JBt EUda Congregational Church to-morrow night in aid of the Dorcas Society connected with the church. While the Windsor Stat£*schoo1 is closed) owing to the prevalence of measles, the building will undergo' fumigation and disinfection. r *. ? ~ Tenders for the Board of Works £500,000 loan must be in by S tomorrow ^ now's your chance to .put a few pounds safely and profitably away, -r — Four gentlemen who scored well at the L.O.L. Charity Choral Service on Snndpy— Pastor Malyon, secretary Patten, Edwin Jenkins and H. L. Whitaker. Mr. F. W- Were, one of the candidates for the South Yarra Ward vacanoy, is\a relative of Mr. G. E. Gidersou, chairman of the Prahran Board of Advice. Tbe presiding magistrates at the Prahran court on Monday were Dr. Fetberaton, (Chairman,) and Mcssrr. Bossies, Young, Elliott, Hotnblower, and Wyatt, J^s.P. To-morrow, the Bev. James de Quetteville Bobiu, M.A., the popular pastor of the Armadale Wcsleyau Church, will celebrate bis forty-eighth birthday. Many Happy Beturns, good sit I Tbe jolly boys of the Toorak and South Yarra Try Society gave a pleasant 'special night! ' oa Monday, to the enjoyment and. catisfactiou of their patrons' and to jthe credit of themselves. * Their majesties the authorities of the -gas company have - graciously consented to keep the gas turned on at St. Eilda at full pressure after 11 p.m.— 41 'for . which relief, much thanks/' The first annual-ball in connection with the Metropolitan (late Prahran)'OperatTc Society, takes, placc at the. Prahran Town hall on Tuesday next, when ft festive evening is anticipated. Cold weather, probably, incited some persoa uuknown to ateal a* handsome seal* ettc jacket from the dining-room of tbe Corner Hotel, St. Eildai, said jacket being the property of Miss Crow, tbe lessee, Burglars made a raid on Sir Frederick flargood's harness-room early, yesterday morning, but were disturbed by a groom named Pitman whom they knocked un conscious and got away, leaving their booty behind. .. . s ' ... An attempt 'was made by the burglarising fraternity, to loot the grocery -store' of Messrs Moran and Cato at about 1 a.m. on Sunday last. Thanks to the timely arrival of Constable Walsh tbe Intruders failed in their object. A children's bazaar and concert, ;under the patronage of the Melbourne Hebrew ' Congregation, in aid of the .Hospital for Sick Children, was held by tb'e Erakowski yesterday afternoon at ' Emil ton,' Barkly-streel, St. Eilda, Tbe St. Eilda council strongly object to the solicitors for tbe council in tbeir action against the tram company fooling away time and money over ' points ' instead of going straight to the settlement of the question at issue. A runaway horse attached to a milk* cart, the property of the Northcote Dairy Company, put his hoofs through a plate glass window of tfi^cell's drapery store at the junction, bt, Eilda, last Sunday mornr ing, doing £10 or £12 worth of damage. 8mall debt cases were settled in favor of the plaintiffs at the Prahran court on Monday as follows Walter Scarlett, v, Frederick Pearson, £1 lOi. 6di and Ss. fid. costs ; same v. J. H. Sanders, . £1 5s. 8dP and 2s. fid. costs ; T. Headen v. Thomas Cuaien, £13 os. and 5a, costal The handsome ibonquet presented to Mrs, Skinner at the Prahran mayoral ball on Friday evening last was from tbe popular floral establishment of Means. W. H* Powell and Co., of Chapel -street, Windsor, Miss , Amy Powell's 'artistic 'j fingers -4)elng responsible for its chasteuess, A decrepit old man pained William Bobinson, who was ?found by Constable Canty in an. unoccupied bouse pn.^the St Eilda-road, .was before the Pxabran .beaitsh -on-Ihutaday on a' charge of vagrancy. - As hestated that be'bad friends atBenalla He was discharged and a railway 'pass^belpg obtained to enable bim ioreaoh his friends. We are pleased *9. bear of a revival of seal in connection with iiie .Prahran and South Yarr& Ypupg1^ Women's ' ^Christian Association. Itlias been arranged ,to bold a I're^onsWctlpp aoci al tbe J Pro test ant Hall, Cecil-place, on Tuesday tbe 16th insC,': when bnc^f *bpge jenjoyable'ievemngs which formerly proved so attractive to the members and' friends' nt the- association will bo beld. The grocery store of Mr. Joseph tSardner, in Commercial-road, Prahran, was honored with ra i visit by the merry burglar before daybreak on Sanday last, a .small quantity of cheese and tobacco ' being taken, Entrance t'was--?«fiectod^ byVforoiog the shutters off the panelled door and turning tbe key wfeicli 3taa left In ihe look. I , 5The snowball. aale pf gifts, beld by Mrs, B. B. W. Trickett-and friends 'of fifc^ilda at tbe Alfred Hall 'lately fortbe Austin Hospital, netted tbe very handsome sum of £61 7b. This is a hint to other ladies to go and -do likewise^ Jlrs. Triokett desires through us to thank those whokoldndly assisted her to. make! the affair ancb a saccess. ' t ' .T-. 