AN ADVENTURE ON THE ROAD. ' I remember on one occasion,' said the drummer, apparently going far back in his memory, 'when I had one of the queerest experiences that ever fell to my .snare. ' ' We all have them,' ventured a youngster, who was out on his first trip. :The drummer merely looked at him and then went on with his story. ' I was going to see a easterner who lived about ten miles from the railroad.' be said, ' and as I reiched the station about 7 o'clock in tbe evening and it was a half moonlight night, I concluded I'd drive over at once and get back in time iek the train at 10 o'clock next morning. The road was fairly good, thongh it was a lonesome one, and 1 felt pretty sore 1 cotid drive it in three hours, carrying a heavy trank. I got away by 8 o'clock with a pair ; of horses, doing my own driving, add for the first five miles nothing occurred.- In, fact, everything was going so smoothly that I begaq to doze. After a number of nods I was suddenly awakened by the noise of wheels just behind me, and looking back I was almost frightened by a home's nose1 nearly over my shonlder. He was hitched to a boggy in which sat a man and a woman. B T.enlr Anf tlinna ' T nnl1u4 Ann whipped up my own team. 'Their horse fell back, but they made no reply end I drove on and nodded again, only to be awakened as before. ' Then I became angry and said a number of thiqga to which 1 received no answer. Indeed, neither man nor woman so mnch as looked, up at me," bnt kept their faces down, and did not even poll up their lines. The horse fell back, thongh, andfollowed twenty feet or more behind me. The moon was beclouded ae this time and I conld -not see very distinctly, but l-did not nod any more, fnrT not Anctiv satisfied with mv company.- I called .to . them several rimes, bnt they remained silent. They kept right along behind me, thongh, for three miles, and at one or two "places I took little side roads I . knew of, 'which led hack again to the main read, and the others did tbe same. ' Once or -twice on long strefahes I.tonched np my .jiarsejy but the home behind joe followed atihe same speed. The longer thie thing kept <np the more nervous Ihecame, and once or twice I thought I must he hating -a nightmare. The last mile of the mad wai good, and I concluded rather than to have a row with these midnight intruders I would ran away from them, and as I turned into the home stretch I let my team go at its best-, and I went along at a four-minute grit bnt right behind mc cams the other horse, trotting smoothly and whinnying every now and tbeD. Ssmehow 1 felt the cold chills down my back, and a panic seized me I didn't know why. I laid the whip on ana my team ntoire into a aeaa ran, evidently feeling my own fright and showing the signs of fear they say ani- : m.ils thow in tbe presence of ghost?, j ' But the running was of little avail. : The other horse was mnch better than | mine and he came after me with his nose i nearly io my buggy, and the two people i never making a move to poll him np. | With a yell at least I dashed np to the : store of my customer, who hadn't gone to bed get, and he came out with three j j or four men on the rash, and I almost I fell oat of my rig as he asked what was the matter.' ' There,' 1 screamed, there, there,' and I pointed back to where I had seen my ghostly visitaoti, bat they had disap peared.' ' He's got the jim-jams,' loudly sng gested one of the men, and £ thought possibly I had, but 1 rubbed my eyes and looked around, and fifty yards down | the road I saw I be thin that had I followed me. It bad evidently passed ! me when I pulled iuto ihe store so I suddenly, and I told the men to go after it. They did so, and in a minute they came back with a yell that beat mine. 'Jim-jams, is id' I asked scornfully. ' No ; dead people,' replied one with his teeth chattering. haaof¥<Mif3£at,L to go after it agaia. They had been strangled for pnre malice evidently and had been tied in their baggy and sent adrift. The horse being a strange one in that section, had been simply follow ing my team by instinct, and wa? prob ably a? badly frightened as 1 was and didn't know half as well where to go. ' My customer took care of the horse and buried the bodies, and it was a week before we learned that the people lived about a hundred miles to the north and were on a driving trip. It was never known who had killed them, but it was snppoBed to be tramps, who had expected to get money by murder, and who were afraid to steal the horse and buggy.' When the drummer finished the youngster got np and stretched his legs. ' Well,' he said, ' if that sort of thing goes with this travelling business, I guess I'll send my samples into tbe house and quit. 