known ais a shesaoloqnet ofc 'Trooper Toie' s=em=ing hie forsnoon d hmnbordib nia3 h sm-dmm drg te Lgndon-as?n, w the dayTwas fine and his digestion rdid et?t ibl· e him. : He had .learntFthe s oa sc mearly rising in -India·; wktbiedr-e ? '~p ed many years. of b his ; ron he was v still a hale, weliprerved man ol.fifty odd, s because he had beenareful .of him self, given to regh habit, frmgl diet, ande much hard exerciae. IAftera lightbreakfast, t he rode generally aser a Hamptead, or on Streatham om i;'thiii' .h fenced for a couple of oua; n whiebho dressed him self carefunllyin h olad fahionod style he affected, m W'woi ,without some ohosenorony, made i way to Hyde Par.k. There ha elther°tc ko i:his meat nder the shady tees, or; sod' le?qning?against the I railings of' the r` ow a.n.ad from this 1 comfortable point of -lntig e lookkd upon the fashionable worol ;, *veying it calmy, 4 critically but wit? didain. He had known it byhe b e? s "tim ; _ itsshams atnd meannoeses, mock. 'real vices, the hollow frienda?ip, sft1 diep-s.ated enmities that ever undeesrpi and agitate it. A wicked, worthless world; he was no longer of it. and,,as'hes tioght, had risen al together superioir I ita woes and wicked nesees, by whiohin' tie dead and nearly for gotten p at hehad been sorely tried. Now, as he stood there, with 'hat jauntily cooked on one side of his 'gwri4?Lsd,_ ploe-oropped, head, with a cigar like a bo pr.tbetween his white moustachioed lips, ?l1.-satLsfied smile upon hisbronzed and weather-baten face, the ordi naryobserver woulda smest hinidown as a line old soldier, :entlz4y devoted to Number One: a solitary, egotistical old bachelor, utterly ignoring the a? s and troubles of others, and havinl ? very few of his own• His companion waimnother old -soldier, Jack Carrluthers, alsoa well-preserved, and more dandified man, ,th very black hair and moustachios that owed something to art, and a nair of sttllk dark eyes. lie had left the Army eir .aid without gaining high rank, preferring a life of greater independencd{ and freedom to fo'low his own bent. A peculiar and strongly marked trait in his character was inquisitivenees; he eulferedfrom a curiosity which, as he grew ol(or, came to a perfect crazo. He was for seer prying into other people's affairs ; he knew, or tried to know, everybody's business, their private means, ways of life, past histories, pedigrees and everything about them. So well was he known as a walking vade-meoum that " ask Jack Carruthers" was the invariable recom. mendation when any obscure or mysterious point arose. If he ctuld not supply the necessary information then and there, he frankly said, " I don't know; I'll find out in a day or two," and h always did so. They called him " Pollacky's man " at the club, from his persistent quickness in following up at clue. : Now these two well dýeasedand outwardly careless veterans weretbasking in the sun shine, and passing their remarxa upon the ruixed crowd that were parading before them. "There goes Ripley'! said Carruthcrs "Lord Ripley. Don't you know him ? I do, and all about him. He's one of the biggest blackieards in the three kingdoms." "Why should I knowhim F I am not so fond of blackguards. But he is riding a dashed line horee and has a dashed good seat," replied old Trooper Tom, with all that force and freedom of expression which, no less than his gallantry as a light cavalry leader, hadgained him his nickname. "But what has he done P Why do you call him a blackguard?" " About women. Comes of being a goodish-looking chap, 'I suppose," said Jack, complacently, as he curled the waxed ends of his moustaehios. He had been somewhat of a " dog" him self. in his day. " Conldn't help himself. You've got sometimes to beat them off with your umbrella. They're all alike-theso women." " I don't like such talk," said the simple, chivalrous, old trooper reprovingly. He had suffered severely, acutely, at the hands of one, but could not believe that all were bad. "Are you going to reform the world? Gad I that's good-Tom Brandling turned virtuous ! Shall there be no- more cake and ale"' l " I don't understand you. Neither malt nor pastryaremuch in myiline," said the old soldier, seriously. "tie was not a man of deep or varied reading. "Tell me more about this Lord Ripley. What do you know against him 1" "Nothing much, as the world wags and takes him-or men. like, him-nowadays. Only they say he behaves very badly to women. I can't say I blame him he has made the most of his chances, that is all. Handsome chap; taking way with him: in the very best society-the Prince's set, and all that- he has had them all at his feet. 'He saw his chance, and! took it,' as that delightful Lottie Venne sings in the bur lesque." " And you defend him l" By George ! if I thought you were speaking seriously, Jack Carruthers, I'd cut youracquaintance." ",Vell, perhaps he's gone a little too far," said the other apologetically, seeinghe was treading on dangerous ground. " It must be pretty bad when husbands won't let a fellow anside their doors, and' mothers hide their daughters from him-not that they all do, for here he comes cantering baek with an uu commonly nice girl. Gad l it's that now heiress, Marion Hall. I'm bourd to confess they make a very striking pair." MJy lord, although pastibis flirst youth, was still a remarkably handsome man; he sat square, .broad-shbouldered,and erect im his saddle, with his dark'gipsy face, coal black hair and white gleaming teeth. His com. panion was as fair and fi!sh as a lily ; a pretty ingenue, with a laughing rosebud mouth. and bright blue eyes jrst now wide-open ii joyous appreciation ol this untried and seemingly most delightful world. "WhIalt's wrong with' you, Tom Brand ling " asked Jack Carruthers, after a lengthened pause. "Are you going dotty, or have you lost the use of your tongue? Look as if you'd seen aghost.' Still Trooper Tom ~ Id not reply. He might hare been a tho'sind miles away. He stood there against theTPark railings, silent and motionless, staring into vacancy. It was jtst that-he had seen a ghost-the ghost of a dead love, ~anapparition revived in the frlsh, stirring ppold memories, old and painful recollections.; "Long past lunohon.bhe saidf at length, aud with a manifest: effort, as though aroused fromt a vivid and acutely painful dream. He 'made no imme diateo reference to what had occurred, nor did he offer any explanation: of his want of appetite when preseitlv seated at tis favorite table in his fav club, surrounded by his most psrtioul friends. They on their part forbore to. q',tion him. There is far more of "t''reedy tact and kindly considerateneu among club habitues than is commonly aupplsd. -They all know and were fond of old ':T oper Tom." He was a man who had be through a great domestic trouble' yaeair years before, his lighty wife'is m?aionondnet had' driven him to exchangeti tan Indian regi ment, and seek forgetfuiness under another name. Now he was inin the autumn of his days on a verym odest competence, leading a frugal, 'bliim ees neventful life. His friendse?iaw t sre wani something wrong with him.'If wanted advice aid sympathy, he hadonly invitethem -meanr while, as he evidently( wihad it, they left him 'severely alone. e olyone who had any inkling of what '~ ubled old Tom was Jack Carrnthors.': " You told me you" e allabout Lord i Ripley. Is that' so?" ask? "Drandling, in the smoking-room; a vr s later." "A treat deal,. any way" .0- ' "Is he riehb-a good? ?kti.''.?" ." "There was an'exe·stio.n In i?pley Court Court last year. 'But hi uareid his creditors somehow; he has way.of :raising funds you and I wouldn't Isok't, he's sill In Queer street all the i " If he's so needy, r he doesn't marry money,'" 'To carelessly. " Well, ye. h might nd buyers if he oered for sle. For tunes made inih -c , orat I? 00 per eent. -mia lt a dewent esfol .wr they gave him one of You see, n e's been marn'ta model huabdr ev hm degenerate r days. id t ' Well, never mind; .e'tl, 'yot e story a aboet him I:f youoa day." i After thisa laag aprising i change eoveFor elf in .oit,'-tedily him iabrioad.- Now he suddenly took to going ou, and actUally pestered his friends to get him cards, e opecially for balls and mrots. e was coastantly to be seen at them, not dancing, -but hanging about doorways, near the. supper- room, on the stairs, and never tired of looking on. He w;i- unt noticed much in the crowd, and he was able thus, almost without remark, to dog the footsteps and feast his eyes on the sweet face of Marion Hall, who, however, with intuitive quickness, soon realised that she had made an impression. " There is my old admirer again ! Those eyes of his quite haunt me," said that young lady to her partner one evening at Hautboy House. She was dancing with a "detri mental," one Captain Cleygate, a rising young soldier with a good record, but nothing to recommend him, outside and beyond his professional prospects. Mrs Hall, who looked higher for her daughter, as an heiress, snubbed and discouraged him; but love laughs at chaperons as well as locks." " You've bewitched him as you have every one else. Hero comes another of your victims," said the young fellow with marked disgust, as Lord Ripley approached. "Lord Ripley considers me one of his!" replied the girl, with much spirit, and a hot flush on her bright cheek. "He thinks he has only to throw his handkerchief--" "Don't you really like him? I was afraid--" " I never see him but I fell inclined to run straight away." "Why don't you ? Withme ." Ho spoke lightly, but there was an under' tone of deep meaning in his voice. '! How absurd youcan be, Captain Cley gate ! You mustnot talk to me like that." She lookeddown demurely, pretending to be offended. " I do not mean to be absurd," he whis pered, stooping over her as though to examine her engagement caurd. " Give me but a sign, and I'll carry you off from them all-your mother, this beast Lord Ripley, the whole world. No one, I swear, shall come between us, Marion, if you will only say you love me." Strange, strong, passionate words, spoken with a smiling face, in a London ball-room, within earshot and under the very eyes of a curious, censorious crowd. "My dance, I think, Miss Hall, another voice interposed, in cold, calm, accents, and roused her, the quick-witted, resourceful daughter of Eve. " Surely not; I was just looking. It is Captain Cleygato's-so, at least, he was try ing to prove." I am perfectly positive it's mine," and without admitting further discussion, Cley gate slipped his arm round the yielding wil lowy waist, and whirled her away, leaving the other disappointed pretender biting his lips, while a dark scowl gathered over his hand some but unprepossessing conntenance. His discomliture, the whole scone had been observed by two interested spectators. One, of course, was "Trooper Tom," who shrewdly guessed what it all ,meant; the other was a rather faded, languid-looking lady in a far corner, who, through her long tortoiseshell-handled eye-glasses, had kept close watch on the young girl's proceedings. It was to her that Lord Ripley now made his way, with a shrugof his shoulders and an air of much annoyance. He took a seat by her side, and sat there talking earnestly, t with some vehemence indeed, until at last Captain Cleygate brought back the truant, and, regardless of the elder lady's frowning face, surrendered her to her I mother. What she whispered to her daughter siust have been reproof, for thelatter, without disdsiniug to answer, pale-faced and defiant, r accepted Lord Ripley'sarmand was led away. "Shall I interfere? Shall I go up and e speak, now and at once-or am I premature Carruthers promised to lot me know more, positively, within a week. Until then, per haps, I had better wait." But events were hurrying forward inde pendent of " Trooper Tom." Half an hour ater he was wandering to and fro, having lost sight of the only face he cared to see. When passing a rather retired boudoir, he heard voices, raised high--a man's, passionate, dictatorial ; a woman's, weaker, but loudly indignant. S" You shall not go, Marion-not till you have answered differently. I will not be denied. I love you-adore you-I cannot do without you I" "Again, Lord Ripley, I tell you that I can never, never, care for you." " Your mother fully approves. She has encouraged me to speak to you. She has as sured me that you would not refuse me." I do refuse you now, finally, and without the smallest hesitation. Take me back to her at once, if you please." " No, no, wait, darling; I implore you, give me a little hop !" " Lord Ripley, why do you persecute me like this ? It is unmanly, unworthy of you I Let me pass ! I will go! You shall not detain me. Oh ! how dare you!" He had seized her two gloved hands in his, and held her there, resisting and helpless, while he kissed her furiously on her hair, her snow-white shoulders, and at last her lips. But next minute he was reeling across the room from a well-directed blow. The old soldier who had constituted himself her pro. teetor had interposed with the only argument that is effective in such a situation. Lord Ripley, recovering quickly, was the first to speak. " You accursed old scoundrel! Who and what do you call yourself? By what right do you interfere?" " The very beat that of a gentleman who finds a lady in distress, and insulted and out. raged by a cad. Stand aside now. If you don't, by -I'll make you !" The threat was sufficient to keep Lord Ripley at bay, and, without paying him further attention, Colonel Branding turned to the agitated but still undaunted girl, and said: " Madam, let me offer you my arm. I will escort you to the ball-room, and restore you to your mother'ecare." " Oh, thank you, thank you, a thousand times I " she whispered, as she clung to his arm and nestled closely under his protecting winer. " Why are you so kind ? Why do I see you so often always near me, watching me, and now, hero, when I most wanted help ? Whom am I to thank? Please tell me at once." He evaded the question, and was almost glad when he found Lord Ripley barring the doorway, and saying fiercely: " Y-u shall not leave this room until you explain your interference. I insist on lnmo. ino yor name. I will have some satisfaction "I am not the man to refuse it, Lord Ripleoy," replied the old soldier. C' My name is Braundling-Colonel Brandling. You or yoor friends will hear of me at the Mlrs and Neptune Club any time tomorrow. Now stand aside. Let uspass." They made their way back-father and doir hter, forsuch in truth they were-up the grand stairoase towards the ball- room, and on reaching it the old man said: " Need I take you quite np toyour mother, Miss Hall 1" " I am sure she would wish to thank you in persen. That is, if I am to tell hler exactly what has happened." " Why should you! It might be incon venient in this public place. And-pardon my asking the question --ie she not on Lord Ripley's side 1" "Yes. It is her wish thatI should accept him; but-but-I have never really liked him. And to-night I feel far more strongly -I loathe and detest him." "Then say nothing to your mother to night. .As to any thianks-and I deserve none, for it was my duty a thousand times over to act as I did-I will call, if you let me, on your mother to-morrow. Go across toher now, by yourself. If she is surprised to see you alone, make some excuse, if necessary. Say you had a tiff with Lord Ripley and left him. And- forgive my boldness-do not aooeopt any man unless he has won your heart." Next day found ' Trooper Tom" fully employed. While he was at break. fast which for once he ate at his club, a card was brought in to him, that of Mr Charles Forsyth, a pert young gentle man very much potted by society, but with no very wide experience of life, who, when they were presently closeted in one of the small writing-rooms, began in a high tone: "This is a most unpleasant business. Co:onel Brandling. ily friend, Lord Ripley, ilosisists upon the most ample " He shall hlave noapology from me," ro. plied the "Trooper," stonily. "But first, how far do you know the facts P What hass Lord Riplay told you P " "That you attacked him, struck him without the slightest provoeation in Lady Hautboy's house, in the presence of another lady- " You have only got a ?arbld account, I ses," said thooldsoldier,'" But I will not go Into that, or say' more than I only" did what you, or any man who pretende to be ,i i e-entleman,'would hasdens ? ine.s the el*. I oumstanees. But I shall say nothing more. 5 You can go back and tell Lord Ripley I am .t at his orders." "I do not quite follow you-in what a wayP " said theyoung man, a little discon- I Scerted. "I have not come as the bearerof a b challenge. All that .sort of thing is out of date. I only require an apology." - SWhich I refuse to make. What else can s Lord Ripley do but call me out ?" t "It's too preposterous, too absurd. People II don't call each other nowadays." " More's the pity. If they did, some one d Swould have drilled a hole through your I friend's unprincipled body long before this. e t But his lordship has his choice-accept the 1: blow, or have a shot at me. That's my only r answer." "But how can you meet ? When ? Where ? It's perfectly illegal." " Look here, young eir, you are still young, and I cannot counsel you to break the a law. Ask Lord Ripley to find some other t second- why should you get into trouble in I another man's quarrel ?' S" I am ready enough to stand by my. r friend." d " No, no ; leave us two to cut each other's throats as beat as we may. It's easily " arranged. We'll cross over to France, go to t the nearest garrison, send up our cards to 5 the colonel of any regiment, and ask him to provide us with seconds. Two of his Is officers would be delighted to act-take it as a compliment indeed." n "I cannot admit this as a possible solu. tion," said Mr Forsyth, stilltrying to hold his ownl. " Lord Ripley is certainly aggrieved, and he has a right to ask for satisfao tion-" "11 Dash it all, man, am I not offering him the fullest? Go back and tell him what I e say. I shall be only too pleased to hear from him again, I don't care how soon." "Nothing further will come from him this to foreseon," he said, as soon as his visitor had o gone. " Now is my time to call at Wilton m Place. Marion is certain to be riding, and 1 eo shall see her alone." to He was shown into the drawincroom as an ou ordinary visitor, and the mistress, who was lounging idly in a large low chair, with her in back to the light, looked round in listless sur a, prise as she heard his name. " Colonel Branding ! I know no Colonel Brand-- except-can it be possible?" r The lazy indilference dropped from her like id a mask, as she rose quickly to her feot, and al faced him with clenched hands and angry eyes, is "eIt is you, then! I could not believe my r- cars, hardly my eyes-although I seemed to have seen you about of late in society. I id thought-1 hoped, that you were dead !" \- "It is a resurrection. I was, and should I. have remained dead, but that I wished to ie make youan appeal." s, "Ab !I At last you want something ? I. After rejecting all my overtures, putting back the hand I hiave so often held out to in you, you come to me at last. What is it ? o, Money ? How much ? You shall have any io thing in reason-only takeit and go." e " 1 have not fallan unite so low as that, ig Agatha Hall. I aml still your husband-. ig your pensioner never ! That would be to pt shift your shame from your shoulders to o n. mine." is " Then why turn up after all these years? in Cannot you leave me in peace?" y " I have come to prevent you from doing a y, very wicked thing. You are about to commit at a crime, an offence before God and man-" he " What I turned preacher? I thought or your boon companions called you ' Trooper or Tom?' " or '" When I left my daughter to your care it ut was because I thought her mother-even it, such a mother-would be her proper guardian y. and protector. You then swore to me ad solemnly to think first of her happiness. For eP her sake, and because you promised, I spared , you."' r. yo"I know." She sat, with her arms locked around her knees, swaying herself to e- and fro. "It was for the child. You had ur not chivalry enough to forgive me freely." ig "This is wasting time. Let us get on. Let me tell you why I come here now. It is he to reason with you, to plead withyou, and, if a, no fairer means prevail, to lay my commands r, upon you. My daughter must not marry Lord Riley. I absolutely and positively u forbid it. be " What power or authority have you over so her or me ? You abdicated all your rights: when you left me years ago. You are not I your daughter's father. He died manyv years ago, so she believes. To proclaim' as yourself now would be a breach of faithi " Which you would force on me." at "It would re-open an old wound; bring to discredit, not on me alone-to urge that would be of little avail-but upon this young a, girl, who has not the faintest idea of what. drove you away." ie The mother was for the moment in the of ascendant with this worldly-minded un ll ecrupulous woman. " Then accept her dismissal of Lord Ripley. a, Do with a good grace, of your own so s, cord." r " larion wishes it. She has taken him." "That is untrue, Agatha. Her affections ie are placed elsewhere. She loves anotherman, Id I am certain of it." . "Whom, pray? That conceited young at fellow Captain Cleygate, I suppose-a penni less fortune-hunter. 20 " Is Lord Ripley much better? It is only Marion's money he is after." id "There you wrong him. I am sur he e s it much attached to her-nay, that he is deeply, madlyin love with her." 00 "I saw something of that last night," and t. the Colonel recounted the affair of su the previous evening, adding, with emphasis, " He showed himself in rd his true colors then. He is a libertine, m a cowardly rufiler, who treats all women as to dirt. It would be an act of sacrilege to hand rd over this sweet, innocent child to such a man as he." ill " She told me nothing of this," said Mrs us Hall, in a weak, wavering way-" only that they had disagreed; a mere lovers' quarrel. id But it is all nonsense; it is not enough to is break off the match for. Besides "-she was g ca'ling back hoer courago-"I have given him my word. I cannotwithdraw now. ig "You must. I tell you, you shall," he ad went on, speaking now with commanding ill peremptorines; I insist. Do so at once, or all the past shall be made public." et "Think, Algernon, think of that poor 0e child-of all she must suffer when she hears -when the finger of scorn is pointed at her mu mother." . "What is the alternativeP You would in anorifice her to live-long wretchedness. Drive hcrinto a distasteful marriago with a man t, who will trifle with her young heart, break r. it and then tosoher aside. Which part will . youchoosei" ie "Oh, this is torture! W hatshall Idol? . I am bound to Lord Ripley. I cannot tell youe how or why." * She buried her head in her hands, and ic burst into a torrent of hysterical tears. In "Suppose I got him to withdraw his pre tensions-I may be able to accomplish this r, will you give Marion to the man of her choice ?" u Ho repeated the question more than once y before she quite took it in. "It is so poor a match," she said at last. ". I"Marion ought to do so much better." n "If they love each other, and he is worthy ' of her, what more can you wish ? " "Let us come to terms," she said, after a ] t further pause. "I will make a compact ] d with you. Marion may marry Captain t ly. ate on two conditions. The first is that I y ora Ripley writes me a letter relinquishing h his pretensione. Can you obtain tht ? ' I S"I will try." " The second condition is, that so long as eI live Marion shall remain a mere acquaint Sanee for you; you must promise me that I never, by word or deed, hint or eig you will allow her to imagine she is your daughter 1 or that you have any claims upon her. ro. Ii mise to nme that you will never see her-" p "Do not, I entreat you, ask so much as that !" " Well--that you see her rarely. But t swear by all you hold most sacred never to divulge your relationship to her, nor, of course, your former connection with me." it "I swear, much as it coats me now that I r, hsve seen her and can value her sweetness-- fs but my child's happiness before everythinq. And you will give me your word in return?' "'cs, if you succeed with Lord Ripley. It will not be easy, I fear." "Trooper Tom" went straight back to his club, and hunted up Jack Carruthcrs. " I do hope and trust, Jack, that you have found out everything about Lord Ripley. Yes? Well, go on. Let's hear the worst of you have against him. I have a reason for us " Pollaoky's man" was only too pleased to help his :friend, sod the information he afforded' proved of the greatest value to "TrooperTom" in bringing Lord Ripley to e his views. -' " . II The peer lived in the Albany. He found w chambers more comfortablo and less costly wI than a town house, which, moreover, he let an furnished during the season for a egoosoud ron sum. His friend Forsyth was with himwhen the colonel arrived and sent up his name. " It's that swashbucklering old Bobsdil," said Lord Ripley. " What can he want? He has no right to come here. I won't see him. " You'd better. Perhaps he has thought over it, and wishes now to apologise." "I must speak with you in private," began the Trooper as soon as he was shown in, looking fiercely at Forsyth. "This gentleman is quite in my conflo dence. I have no secrets from him." "Oh, as you please. Remember, it will not be my fault if he hears more than you like," grunted "Trooper Tom," in a very meaning tone. "Lotus proceed to business, then. Mrs Hall has sent me to you. She wishes you to resign your pretensions to Miss Hall's hand." " Mrs Ball would not dare send me such a message by any one, least of all by you," sneered his lordship. " Who are you F I have never met you at her house. You can have no possible claim to speak for her." " Pardon me.. I have the very best. I have known Nrs Hlall for many years. What shab asks I endorse-but far more strongly. Where she beseeches, I command. You must-and shall-give the young lady up !" "You impudent old vaeatond ! Now you are adding insult to injury. The first still requires apology and atonement. I will accept your terms. We will go over to France to night, and I will meet you -" "It is too late. I decline. I will not fight with a blackguard, as now I know you to be. Pra listen, MrForeyth, it is Lord Ripley's " He shall be my witness. I will have you up, bring an action against you, ruin you, send you to gaol as alow, scurrilouslibeller." " Better look to your own affairs, my lord. Once more, will you surrender your pre tensions? Come; you know you cannot marry Miss Marion Hall." "Why not, pray? Is it indispensable to bbtain your leave ?" "Simply because you have a wife alive. Pray take note of this, Mr Forsyth." " It is a lie ! A base, unfounded fabrica tion I" cried Lord Ripley, with fierce heat. "I have chapter and verse for it. 1 You were in one of the Western States of America, and were smitten by the charms of a 'variety' actress, who was cleverer than you thought her, and the marriage laws of the State less elastic. The ceremony is still binding, and you know it; and, hard up as you are, you pay your second Countess a large income to keep out of the way." "You must be mad to make such asser tions. You have no shadow of grounds for them," asserted Lord Ripley, but in an unceer Stain, not over confident voice : 9," I have the very best. My lady can be produced at any time. So marry again, if S~ou darel" Si "Forsyth, perhaps you had better leave us," said Lord Ripley, who now looked far from happy. "This is only an attempt at ektortion, and I can easily dispose of it. I villonly ask you to keep your own counsel. WVhat yonhave heard is quite untrue. Still, it must not be repeated. "c Now, sir," he went on to Colonel Brad ling, " what are your demands ?" S1 I only want a letter to Mrs Hall resign ig your pretensions to Miss Hall's hand. Word it as you please, but nothing less will t sqtisfy Mrs Hall ; apparently you have some hold over her." Sc Why are you so keen about this? You old Turk, do you wish to marry the girl yourself? " said Lord Ripley, after he had written a few lines, whcch he handed the a Cdlonel with a very bad grace. a ' My reasons are the very best, but I shall a keep them to myself," and he turned to leave r the room. - a"Stay; I have one last word to say," crled Lord Ripley " Keep out of my way thatisall my advice to you, Colonel Brand lisg. I owe you a debt, a heavy debt, and I shall pay you off some day in f'I shall be more fortunate, then, than your other creditors," answered " Troopor Tam," with a contemptuous laugh. " I can take care of myself." ; He lived to a good old age in spite of Lord Ripleya' threats-lived to see the daughter h i'was pledged not to recognise, happily. rmarried ; outlived his erring, but repentant a wife; and was in the end rewarded for his loyalty and life-long abnegation of self. ,:" The-World." 