,.;ik THB ' jLNOLO'AJUEBI* \ * Two battle littlo questions have lately ?occupied person* who scribble, and who tare not Always * bandy subject to ecrlbble vpsn. Brickk weinustmako, often without «traw. .One problem proposed is, whether childhood or .maturity Is tbe happier time ? '? Anothsr, ? At 'what historical event would Vou Ukawttt'toliave been present ?M The forpmrgncrtfon ia particularly .void. There iiio^inlvemlly happiest time. One may hsTe been a' poor ohild, and become a ricn yiij a clever child, and later a «topid _cbb«1 ; a lucky child aod an unlucky man ; joirenmttanoet msy be reversed, j Onewill have most enjoyed the period when \- one^iad least pf care, most health, and most of one's own way. To some these advan tare® will Call at .one period of life, to ?then at another. If there is more test in yon* there is also keener disappointment, to admire or desire' is a lesson we loan late, -if we learn at aU. A spoiled holiday in boyhood, a rainy day for a cricket match, may be a considerable mirfortnnc ; \- la a lew yean we can whistle o'er We lave -4-V . I don't know that I was ever eo near enicido as wheb 1 was captain of a fechool second eleven which got beaten by ?Qotfaer school. Aa to cares and sorrows) what life la without tbem ? One has known tables 3rho were prematura pessimists, who tiewr smiled, who were as insatiably a&Jciotis; r !ba «et hold of the moon ae a foolish man ts to make more money, or a wise man to catch a aalmon. There was always a pin vexing those ~ babies somewhere ; their dinner conspicuously disagreed with them. Though they did not look before and after, they teemed to pine for what is -not, or is, siot attainable Bt. Augustine admits that ?a far as he has heard, he was a baby of this kind, with a fiendish temper. This he ?eta down to original dn ; 1 presume science explains it by heredity, and is followed In this hy the novels of cheap culture. As wo grow a little older we do not arrive at an age necessarily happy, even if we have plenty to eat and are kindly treated. t have known a little girl of six carry jealousy to a pitch worthy of the most granite and foolish grown-up woman ; her ude got married, and she resented this desertion, being unacquainted with the still extant legal obstacles to her passion, Tho Borrows of children may not last very long, bnt they are as keen as ours, and one is followed by another. Superstitious terrors prey on the minds of small boys nhd girls. Some hare /a mysterious poVrcr of seeing frightful visions ; nor can they divide the eubjeotive ?» from the objective, the actual from. thelUukUm. The only comfort ia that they may develop into pcroons of genius, $-otla, or romancers ; bat to this comfort (if it be one) they do not look forward. X never oaw any visions, but my memory was so richly stored with ' ghalsts and bur-gbaists, devils, -and dobbies, as a Scottish writer quaintly Bays, that night was an agitating time. Even now I hate a haunted house (though I never saw a ghost in such a man sion, except perhaps one), and 1 keep look ing out for a Luminous Boy or a shrill Banshee. In childhood this was a severe Borrow, and it Is very common. As to school life, it was simply detestable, if you were small and studious — studious, of course, in the wrong way. To be a good cricketer, and in good health, must make boyhood really the happiest time in existence. But to be a muff, that is awful 1 Th n lessons are a (rightful scourge. The Greek irregular verbs, history, geography, arithmetic, Eoolid, these are torments of which maturity knows nothing. The mere aspcct of a grammar carries me back to the day when 1 neither conld nor would learn it, and was in constant danger of corporal punishment, whioh I- never could stand. I loathed beiog licked, bnt 1 loathed grammar more, and that detestable Virgil. How little he had to say, one thought, and in what a round about way he Bald it ! Then history, such good reading when you were not obliged to read at, really could not be endured when It was made compulsory. Boyhood at school was a perfect Gehenna, till one acquired vome appreciable amount of skill with tho leather, and in the classics. The holidays were another matter. Oh, to be fourteen, with a loch full of sea trout for your private recreation ; these were the really happy times. As to youth, 1 suppose that many people have -so mismanaged the contemporary aJEaln of the heart, that they really might as well have been back among Irregular verbs. Nobody knows what young people go through in way, or some ot tbem. Perhaps the happiest time is that when a man, or lad, has left school and all its hor rors behind him, has got through smalls, has not yet got into debt, is not in love, and is in the middle of his first summer term at one of tbe universities. It requires a rare grains for misery not to be happy then. After that one age is like another, and happiness depends on health, character, and circumstances. 'Let each man rouse tbe ford as he finds it.' Ho may have been a pessimistic baby, a muff at school, and be may develop into more fortunate condi tions ; or he may have been a healthy, jolly child, a hero at school, and h« may manage by bad luek, or bad behavior, to ruin his life afterwards. There are happy old men, like Virgil's ancient gardener, unaer the walls I (Eballa ; there are miserable young men, ' there are oontented fogies 2 the period of I life has no necessary influence on happiness. The happiest person 1 ever knew wu an old Irish woman who swept a crossing. And 1 never knew a person whom one could really osll happy who was not sincerely religious ; the form of creed seems to make no difier cnce. Of course, one cannot convert tbe proposition, and Bay that all sincerely religi ous people are happy. A happy tempera ment is the gift of heaven, but it needs a foundation ol belief. The problem of tbc happiest period in the individual life is like that of the happiest stage of civilisation in the life of the race. Mr Boswell voted for savagery ; Dr. Johnson for Fleet-street and Streatham. In savagery you have no social inequalities ; you all starve or all gorge together. Bnt you very often starve ; you are always in danger of a spear from the nearest bush, and you are at a school your whole life long as far as being tortured and bullied for religious reasons is concerned. There are scores of harmless things which you may not do, scores of filthy and horrible things which you are obliged to do, and you are ever in danger of being tortured to death and eaten afterwards. Sharks, scr s sr lions, tigers, interfere with the happy 