W.A. CYCLING CLUB. CHAMPIONSHIP MEETING. The above club held a very snooersful meeting on Saturday hut, on the W.A. Cricket Association Ground. The day was all that could be desired for cat-door sports. Although the Attendance of the publio was not up to last year, there was nevertheless a large number present, and the fact that the majority of our prominent cyclists were engaged in the races gave promise of good aiwu*:. TIlO MMIMnifefclM IH frt ha OftlMmifn ted on having made several improvements this year. The greatest fault of mis ground, from an outsider's point of view, is the absence of a pavilion, but it is hoped by next year that a suitable structure will be erectei. In the meantime, the Committee of the Cycling Club, in order to provide the necessary accommodation for lady visitors, erected a temporary building, which an swered its purpose admirably. It was well filled by the fair sex throughout the afternoon, and the races could be witnessed from start to finish with comfort. The band of the M.R. V. played selection of music dur ing the afternoon, under the leadership of Mr. T. Bryan, and the general arrangements of the committee were satisfactory. The following gentlemen officiated at the meet*, ing:— Judges, Messrs. J. C. H. James and Geo. Leake; timekeepers, Messrs. A. C. Cook and T. Carter; Starter, Mr. C. F. * Eveston s lap takers, Messrs. R. H. Barrett and H. McKernan; referees, Messrs. S. .T. Rowe and Frank Wilson ; clerks of course, Messrs. «. J. Chipper and H. Sadler ; Bugler, Mr. A. E. Thurston ; Handicappers, Bicycle Races— Messrs. C. F. Eveston and S. J. Rowe ; Flat Races— Mr. J. Hayden. The following is the result of the events run off:— One Mils Maiden Scratch Race. First Heat.— C. H. Carrick, 1 ; J. E. Hat wood, 2; H. H. Bolton, 3. Won easily. Three starters. Second Heat.— A. F. Beid ermann, 1? P. J. Sullivan, 2:/ Two started. -^ While running alongside his oponent, Sul livan fell, and was out of the race. Final Heat.— Beidennanu and Carriok came out for the final, odds*of 3 to 1 being laid on the Jatter. It proved a capital match, Beider mann eventually winning by a few yards. Time, 3 min. 13 3-5ths sees. A protest was sustained against the winner, whose machine was a pound or so below the stipulated weight, and Carrick was awarded the first prize. 120 Yabds Flat Race Handicap. The first heat was won by H. Brown (3 yards} ; the second by H. Vallentine (8 yards) j while J. Ochiltree (7i yards) had a walkover in the third heat. Final— Ochil- tree, 1 ; Vallentine, 2; Brown, 3. A very close finish, the favorite winning on the tape. Time, 12 3-5th sees. Three Mile Handicap Bicycle Race. In this race, out of 15 entrants 14 took their places on the track. R. J. Brown, the scratch man, was made a warm favorite, and rode splendidly from the start, but it soon became obvious that the task was too severe, Duncan, Rose, and several who started close up to the limit, keeping the scratch man hopelessly distanced. Rose assumed the lead while there was yet a good portion of the journey to travel, and maintained it until, getting in the straight for home, Duncan spurted finely and wheeled past the post some 15 yards ahead, the third man being 100 yards away. Result. — L. Duncan (150 yards), 1 ; W. C. Rose (300 yards), 2; W. M. Atkins (SOO yards), 3. Time, 8min. 68 2-5th aces. . One Mile Youths' Bicycle Race. Some half dozen yonths turned out for this race, some of whom rode in first rate style. 8. F. L. Hu&sey;, from the scratch, was heavily handicapped, and never had a ghost of a show, the three riders furthest away at the start never allowing him to appreciably decrease the intervening space; in fact, Dean, the winner, increased if any thing the distance between himself and the scratch man, and rode remarkably welL Result:— E. A. Dean (400 yards), 1; Jos. Kelly (400 yards), 2 ; H. Bafley (450 yards), 3\. Time, 4 min. 34 3-5ths sec One Mile Championship of W.A. The five entrants— F. A. Thomas, R. J. Brown, C. Dent, L. Duncan, and J..E. Har wood— started in this event. Thomas was first favorite, going oat at 6 to 4 on. Har* wood at onoe took the lead, the pace being VrajT UUUft J.UVUUO IU«1 UHM7 1UW ODWUU place, and only a few inches separated the two front men for some time. Brown .Dun can and Dent were following in the order named. At the beginning of the las'; round, Thomas fell back beaten, and Brown made an effort but failed. Harwood, riding splendidly, came away at a terrific pace, and won a grand race in the fast time of 2 min. 42 sees. Result:— J. E. Harwood ... ? 1 R.J. Brown ? 2 L. Duncan ? ... 3 C. Dent ? O F.A.Thomas ? .-. O The win of Harwood was not a popular one, although the performance was a re markably good one. Considering the man ner in which he rode in the Maiden Race, the reversal of form was adversely com mented on by many present, audit is prob able some explanation will be demanded by the club. Champion Football drop Kick. A somewhat uninteresting exhibition re* suited in Farrington, whose name did not appear in the printed list of competitors, winning with a fine drop kick, of 62 yards, the best of three tries. Champion Football Place Kick. This event was slightly more interesting than the previous one, J. Sorymgour winning with three goals, from four at tempts, F. D. North being second with two out of four. Ladies' Bracelet (Two Miles.) Out of a total of sixteen entries, 15 took the track. W. M. Atkins, the limit man* was never headed, though W. C. Rose made a grand spurt at the finish, but cams too late,f ailing to get nearer than fifteen yards to the leader, while, a little further off, Duncan was third. The excellent chance which the hitter appeared to have was un fortunately marred by an aooident, caused by SalkiHd falling immediately in front, by which he lost fully the distance that separated him from the winner at the finish. Result : Mies Moore ns. W. M. At kins (350 yds.), 1 ; Miss Brough ns. W* C. Kose (200 yds.), 2 j Miss Uarnek ns. JL». Dun* can (100 yds), 3. Time, 5 mins. 45 sees. 120 Yards Hurdle Race. First Heat.— C. Y. Simpson (scratch), 1 j W. L. Green (3 yards), 2 ; P. Ives, (lOyards) 0 ; W. F. Elliott (10 yards), 0. Second Heat. — H. Brown walked over. Final.— Simpson, 1 ; Brown, 2. Won by three yards. Time, 19 sees. Five-mile Club Race. Out of ten entries, six started. Atkins, the limit man, ledv until last hip, when Duncan passed him, increasing his lead until some 80 yards separated them at the finish, a similar space occurring between the second man. and Brown. Result:— L. Duncan (325 yards), 1 ; W. M. Atkins (750 yards), 2 » R. J. Brown (100 yards), 3. Time, 14 min. 4 3-5ths see. I inal Bicycle Handicap, one mile and a half. Ten names figured on the programme for this event, but only four competitors turned out. Harwood and Rose made the pace at the start, but after going three parts of the journey the former retired, and Carrick and Rose were left to cope with Cooper, who managed with the as sistance of a big start to keep ahead until the last lap, when a superior machine and splendid riding overcame the former, Car rick getting home 150 yards ahead of his man. The other two fell out. Result :— C. H. Carrick (250 yards) ... 1 J. H. Cooper (350 yards) ... 2 The sports were on the whole very suc cesf ul, a result largely due to the untiring exertions of the hon. secretary, Mr. T Hutchinson. 