THE CESSION OF HaiGOLAKD. ; ? (Br ' OFFaroiB.'1) '???;' ' H.H.B. 'OaUiops' spina anoth-r yarn. Boene— UenlemnB ol tb« squadron that accompanied the German float to cany ant tho formal installation ot the Emperor at Snzerata ot the Island. Well, mates I so here we an again To meet the German Kaiser, Who after all, the proofs now plaisv Turns ont an ann anrprlssr; Ho more the weak Imperial dummy He ever teemed, until The pressure of the princely thnmb he Shook off with htnghty will. Those taotios of bis early days Were gammoned but in flattery, Till at the plant he could blaze From well-masked deadly battery, Ensuring hopeless tall to him Who Irom his station high Threw bis oolossal shadow-grim Athwart Alma;ne's broad skr. Thus surely 'twas a plncky deed Inspired by patriot zaal, His groaning country's neck that freed Fiom the Chancellor's iron heel. Nor were his father's slights forgot, His mother's sighs suppressed. When, with a fierce and farewell shot,; Ha bowed the traitor's crest. Lor 1 how old Beeswax cuBBod and swore At the State ship's sudden tack— The yonng 'nn ordering him ashore With ignominious sack. He now like ' mastiff chained' secure Gnilfc stained ambition'* treicheroof Ion, Oh 1 fate—in Fredcrlckarhne ! 8o I, for one, shall with a will Join in the hearty hollerin' With which at noon the sir mast fill To greet young HohenEolIern. What — know ye not why we ate here 1 Then, like my namesake old, Til, jnst thii long delay to cheer, The yarn in rhymes nnfold :— When in tbe stormy daya of yore Onr bnll-dogB swept the sea Among the spoils of glory's store They rounded 'neath thoir lee, In eightecn*seven— when Gambler bagged The wavering Danish fleet, And Bony thus, though lond he bragged, Was weathered clean and neat— They seined a lonely rock that barred The months of Elbe and Weser ; (Old Nap owned np hie plans it marred— An unexpected teMerO Since when our trebly-bannered fltg Has flaunted o'er the isle— On ocean's plain the merest enae Btill worth to tu a pile. Bnt while thii suited well oar game It always riled tbe Teutons, Who vow their grand-dads were to blame To let the English cute 'uns Beside their very front- door post Secure a constant spy — A maddening ever-prying ghost, With open weather eye. Now seeing they never could retake That rocky inj.nlat.on, (Of conrse they would not stoop to shake *ai UUIU a U1CUU1JT F-HLIQIIJ It struck the new boas, Von OaprM, He might contrive a swap, So, with the Kmperor'e gracious leave, he Proposed to n« tins -hop It seems tbey have a tidy Btrip Uf Af rie'e eastern coast ; Bnt colonies soon Blip their grip Or prove a drsg at most. (They never tonch the bappy moan Of blarney, backed by bounce, That bears our ho;s through every scene When home lieB theBS renounce) 6o they agreed to hand us o'er Their land beyond tbe line, If we the islet wonld restore All sovereign rights resign. The swap was made, for our wise chief Baw straight the donble Rain— By yielding we afiord relief To chronic, jealous pain Asd their regard thns snrelv win, Besides tbe vcatfaer-er-nire In barter, for we save the tin It took for appanega And, equal present gain flecure, That strip of tropic shore May prove, to enterprise a lure, A mine of golden etorf. Yet in a sense our little ?jiiid,— Not of tabaccy — note — Shnald fetch by far a higher bid Than their big quo may quote. Tho latter, though as hot as — well— xney say aowu tbere tne sun { Would Btew an oyster through ita shell, j Or brown a steak till done. ; But e'en allowing this is square, ' Tis bnt caloric dross ! To that grand pyrotechnic flare ' Where Davy Jones is boss ; ? Thus, though a widely Mazing str»nd: i To our wee hob of Heligoland, I As smallest, diamond jjure i Outvies huge gem of paaty gleam. I My yarn is newly spun « j But still I'd better clap on steam Fcr hart 1 «-at distant gnn ! Proclaims the Emperor's Btately yacht ] Is speeding nut elate ; To lead us to the longed-for spot— A train of joyous state To Mnd the friendly bargain fast We're ordered round to grace The gorgeous ceremonial cast For handing o'er the plitce. And m--et it is we lend a hand — Tbe Navy won the isle— To welcome wlrilom foes to land la peace 'neath friendship's smite, And guard our regal banner home, A palm to veteran due. To wave in peace 'nsat.h sacred dome Where Bleep the brave and true. What change from normal aspect drew On this lone ifOc to-day 7 Alive the hamlet, fort and pier, The staS with buntinc gay ! While loud the jsyoup throng. Just landed from each mainland town, Their frantic cheers prolong Ab, gliding up the w&terway; Uer deck ablaze with pomp's array The Royal yacht w seen. Awi jtt not all a pageant gay. For while the world looks o'er 'Twill ponder on the mighty bwrv That speakB with thnnder's roar. Ab both the squadrons open fire Saluting, each in tarn, And gauge with what ten i fie ire Their foemen these might spnrn, 'Tib done : with gracefnl hoist and duok Tbe haughty banners twain Then sink to earth again. At last, 'mid both fl«ets' ealvos loud, The halyards hoist a ball— Tbe eagle spreads hia pinions proud As, to tbe breeze let fall, The German standard's ample fold Waves joyously alone Above the ancient rocky hold Iu wsr'a dread annals known. Loot? may it woo the vigorous breeco 'Neath Freedom's genial inn Memento glad that fata decrees Of peaceful victory won. 