A MOSLEM SHR'NE. 5_UST o.T the high road, on a breezy cliff J . whicji overlooks the Mediterranean : wo littlv domes peer above a rough, lim- washed wall. They indicate that a saint and his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in theii way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow white toulbs in all stages of oblitera tion and decayj choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds ; at its Eastern base a low, white- pent house where dwells the care taker— a gc-ad mail who lias either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as an excrescence from the northern wall, and built into it, is the oldest of the koubbas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bi-istling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the door reveals darkness arid dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peeling through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig- tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous,- flightier, sadly tawdy ; making, however with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling lrioltdes and cabalistic signs; a bright,' Eastern picture. She bears an airy little faqad'e of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns— discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to be marble ; relics, possibly; of the old Roman' city bui-ied here. Two tin lanterns; stuck over with pink paper. loses rind guttered candle-ends, -dangle tcT arid fro under the arcade. At our first" meeting the koubbas were simmering in a.mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the sun which gave them; Nothing was wanting to Complete the Easldr'11 glamour of the whole : vivid sunshine ; white domes clear cut against a blue sky ; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half- naked among the tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and theie ; and, as if to fill arid crown the picture, a young Kabyle eame presently out of the lean-to at the end of the court- carrying a cruche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees, a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin and large shining eyes. She came, swinging the cruche, to the dilipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one -arm' against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping stroke's, her body bending to the weight like some slender poplar before a gale, her bare feet planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as. its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes ; her soft lips parted to ease her breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair am? blew it across her face ; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at us over her shoulder, and . smiled again. A fine, free young tiling, innocent and frisky as a tillyout at grass, with a toilful, frugal life oefore her in Lhe quiet court-, until she many some grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the rugged -mountain sides or in the peaceful .valleys of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creature was the daughter of the caretaker, and lived in the lean-to hut with I don't know how, many generations of relatives; for, as well as women and girls, there was a swarni of children for ever crawling and scrambling about in the court. I watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabyle family, and fouiid it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocrity about thetn all ; a steady working for a few things, and a deep enjoyment of the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigour which, a3 a lesson alone, were worth going out to see... From- Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French have signally bridged their gulf — laying sure foundations of . absinthe and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous — and converted their wild Arabs into flaneurs, chiffoniers, touts, quack guides, and what not (all which parts, be it said, the Arabs were very willing to play) ; from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of fcliis even lifeis a far cry, and hopefully sug gestive of a.possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm arid stress amid which most of us sweat and groan our days away. . Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of the women in all Eastern countries, arid accordingly I find numbers of them here everyday. In the presence of the dead, it seems, they venture to disregard the living, for directly they have entered the court and kissed the walls and astray stone or -so, they throw off their liabarahs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the luibarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbered with mystery — none of her -seeking— draperies, and babies. Unveiled, the mono tony is still there, for-it goes deeper than the veil ; and horrible it is. to conclude, as irresistibly we must, thab the clothes have become veritable Nessus- shirts ; that the shrouds once on can never come off again ; for if put away they are still there, shrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding here begins at fourteen ; think of that ! A mother of two children— a mere slip of a girl— conies nearly every day. Comes shuffling in, a drab bundle of a creature, dragging her babies with her ; punctually kisses the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voice for half-an- liour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant; gossips a little ; slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the object of it, or at me ; laughs shrilly without- merriment, and always where to cry would be more to the purpose ; then rises, with aweary gesture and puts on the shroud that never was off if she but knew it ; and shuffles out again into her cage. These' Kabyle "dwellers in the lean-to are better off. No shrouds, palpable pr in palpable, for them. Hard work in plenty, and a bed as hard to reso on, scanty fare, a shed to cover them ; here are no luxuries, Cod wot. But free limbs and a bare head, bare feet and a free soul, are gifts from the treasure-house of Nature, though now per haps somewhat scorned and made light of by the qualms and whimsies of a high- sniffing world. " income of one hundred pounds a year," cries Carlyle, " and no dry- rot in the soul of you .anywhere; income of one ; hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry-and-web rot in the soul of you (ugly appetites', An i veracities, blusterous coricoils, and probably — as symbol of all things — a pot-belly to your poor body itself) ; oil, iriy friends !" ' —Temple Bar. 