A QUEER BLOCKADE RUNNER. AN OLD SAILOR'S YARN. TBv W. J. HJENnKHsmsr.1 £''' ™ The old sailor was sitting on the end of the pier, gazing out to sea according to his custom. The two boys were approaching him, burning with a desire to hear one more of his wonderful stories. He was unaware of their approach, and was lost in contemplation of the beautiful scene spread out before him. There was a good wholesome breeza from the south, and vessels bound in were making the water fly around their bows in clouds of smokelike spray. High wall-sided three-masted schooners were march ing along wing and wing, looking as proud and stiff as militia colonels on review, while a little farther out a magnificent four-masted ship, with double tops and skysails, was gliding on with the easy dignity of an old major general of regulars watching the volunteers. The vessels bound to the southward, on the other hand, were all on a taut bowline, some on the port and some on tbe starboard tack, but all heeled far over, and fussing through the choppy seas at a great pace. Far out on the sharply outlined horizon a four-masted Havana steamer wa.3 cutting her way through the foaming ridges at a food fourteen-knot gait. Half way between er and the shore was the moat interesting sight of all — the North Atlantic squadron of the navy, or a part of it, moving majestically along at ten knots an hour towards New York. The Philadelphia, rolling uneasily as is her wont, was at the head of the fleet, flying the admiral's flag; the stanch and threatening Atlanta followed ; then came the picturesque monitor Miantonomoh ; and last of all the trim dynamite cruiser Vesujiu°. It was upon this handsome fleet that the old sailor's gaze was fastened when the boys w'ent up and bid him good-morning. ' GooJ mornin' to you, my lads,' he said. ' An' wot might you s'pose that to be?' He pointed at the sailing ship. 'A four- masted ship,' answered both the boys. ' An9 w*en a ship has four masts instead o' three, w'ich is accord in1 to nature, wot d' ye call the last mast o' the four ?' ' Jigger.' ' Werry good, too. An' wot d' ye call that out yonder?' He pointed to the steamer. 'Why,' said Henry, 'that's a steamer, of course.' 'Of course, says you. But where d' yo s'pose she might be bound V 'Charleston?'9 'Savannah?' ' Not bo werry good,' said the Old Sailor, after indulging in one of his quiet laughs. ' That's guessin', an' guessin' ain't knowin'. That steamer are bound fur Havana, an' ehe ain't bound fur nowhere else.' 'But how can you tell that?' asked Henry. 'I knows it by her build. Sbe's a Morgan liner, an' that means she ara bound fur Havana. Bat I ain'c said nothin' yet about the most important wessels wot is under our obserwation.' So saying, the Old Sailor gravely turned his back on the boys, who gazed wonderingly over the animated waters. **Oh, I seel' exclaimed Henry. *' There are war-ship3.' ' Were you ever a sailor on a war-ship?' ' My son, I were. There ain't no kind o' hooker trayversin' the great deep wot I ain't served on somehow an' somewhere.' ' Did you ever fire a cannon ?'' 'Yes, an' alEO the cannoneer. An' I've been in fights, too; but none o' 'em warn't nothin9 alongside o' the fun we- had with blookade-runners.' 'What are they?' 'Waal, you see it's like this. A seaport town depends putty largely on wessels fur its supplies. .Now durin' the war a fleet o! United States weasels would lie off the harbor o1 a Confederate town, an' stop every crafs wot tried to get in or out. The blockade runners was fast steamers wot made it their business to slip through the fleet an9 git in with supplies. 'Yes,' answered Henry. 'It must have been mighty dangerous work.' 'Waal, generally it were. 'Cos w*y, no matter bow keerful they might be about paintin' their ships lead- color an' runnin' in on thick nights sometimes we was bound to see 'em, an' then the way we'd let loose on to 'em with oar great guns was a sight fur blind mice. I tell you they must a' been mighty plucky fellers to run in through such fire as we give 'em sometimes ; but they done ifc, they did — that is, they all done it 'ceptin' one, an' he run the blockade by stayin' outside.' 'Oh, how was that?' asked Henry. ' Waal, the incidents o' this 'ere yarn wot I'm a-goin' fur to tell you took place in the summer o' 1863, w'en a blockadin' fleet o' no less'n 30 Union wessels was a lyin' at anohor outside o' Charleston. I war a-sarvin' aboard the George Washington, which the same ehe war a old-fashioned, brig-rigged side-wheeler, an' carried six 8 in. Dahlgren gons. We was a-lajin' on the outside o' the whole fleet, 'cos we was considered werry fast, an' it were our business fur to chase any weesel wot got past the rest o' the fleet oomin' out. One afternoon I war on lookout at the masthead an' I sees a light thin smoke away down on the southern horizon. So I sings out, ' Steamer, ho ! ' An' tbe ossifer o' the deck says he to me, says he, ' Were away ? ' ' Three points off the port bow,' says I to him, says I, just like that. ' Keep your eye on her,* says he. An1 that's wot I war adoin' of all the time; but I didn't say nothin' 'ceptin', ' Aye, aye, sir,' 'cos it aren't considered perlite to say werry much to. the ossifer of the deck. This 'ere steamer ehe come right along, an9 soon I made her out to be a fast side-wheeler, but she weren't painted no lead- color. The ossifer o' the deck called the cap'n, an9 he ordered the crew to quarters.' ' What is that ?' asked Henry. 'W'en you go to quarters you get every thing ready fur to fight,' continued the Old Sailor. 'Bat. bless me, if this 'ere steamer didn't stop just out o' range an9 lay a-rollin' on the swell. Then we got a signal from the commandin9 ossifer o' our squadron to chase her. You see there warn't no doubt now but she war a blockade-runner, but we couldn't see what she meant by runnin' right np to us in daytime. Waal, we hove up the anchor an' started, but blesa you ! she just run away from us. But that warn't the wust on't. W'en we -turned around to come back, so did she, keepin9 out o' range all the time. We turned around an9 chased her again, but as soon as we started back eo did she. Waal, would you believe it, we kept that up till dark, an* then there she war a-lyin' just out o' range o' the whole fleet.' The Old Sailor looked around the horizon, indulged in a quiet laugh, and went on thus: — 'By order o' the squadron commander all lookouts were doubled, an' we stood by to give that there wessel rats if she tried to run in. But w'en the day broke there she war a-lyin' in the same spot. We got up the George Washington's anchor an' gave chase. Bless you, it were the same business all over again. She'd run away an' come back w'en we did, an' at nightfall the next night there she war still. The next night war a clear moonlight one, an9 we knowed she couldn't get in. Still we watch close. About two bells in the fust watch, which the same that is 9 p.m., I seed a queer lookin' craft comin' out. It war low and flat, an9 didn't have no masts nor no smokestack. All the same it war a goin' along at a ten-knot gait. I tell you wot, boys, it give us eailor-men the shivers, fur it look edzackly like a ghost of a wrecked ship ; an' that's wot we thought it war. ' No good o' firin' at that thing,9 said Pete Martin ; ' our shots 'd go through them sides an9 never hit nothin9 at al.9 All the same the captain give orders to let her have it, and we opened ''Did you hit her?' 'Hit your grandmother's sneeze!' ex claimed the Old Sailor. ' No, we didn't hit her. Pete Martin vowed he saw one ball go straight through her, and it looked like a ball goin' through a cloud o' smoke. She went right on an' fetched/up alongside 6' the curious steamer There ehe staid all night, an' we could see 'em lowerm away Btuff off the steamer into tbiB 'ere canal-boat-looking craft. The captain said we'd sink her sure as she tried to run in. Toward mornin' she Btarted at the liveliest kind o9 a Rait. Every one o' our wessels in range o' her opened up, an9 there war noise enough to scare a boilermaker. One Bhot i- truck the water about a cable's length ahead o' the quser craft. Then there rose up a big boilin' cloud o' spray right where the shot struck, an' the next thing we knowed that 'ere craft jumped forward at a seven teen-knot gait, an' jist fiiriy flew into the harbor. Pete Martin says he to me, says he, ' They've got old Davy Jones hitched to her with a tow rops and he's a-puljin' of her.' An' blow me fur pickles if it didn't look as if Pete war right.' 'The next mornin',' continued the Old Sailor, 'the strange steamer went away, but in a week she came back, an' the same fun begins all over again. On the second day, while we was a- watching the strange steamer, we seed a whale. It was a curious thing that a whale should be around there, an' Pete Martin says he to me, says he, ' That whale smells a thrasher.' ' What i3 that?' asked Henry. 'It are a kind o' shark,' answered the Old Sailor, ' wot fights by thrashin' with his tail. I didn't eay nothin', but jest kep' a-watchin'. That night we was ordered to man the boats an' try to board the ghost-boat w'en ii war returnin' from the strange steamer. Sure enough it came out, rnshin' along in the same old spooky sorb of a way, without no noise an' no sign o' steam or saiL There come putty nigh bain' a mutiny among the crew o' the George Washington, 'coa we didn9t want to board no sich weasel ; but che os?ifers was determined, an' so we stood by. While we was a-waitin' I heerd the whale blow, an' sure enough there he war, not more'n fifty yards away from us, lyin' quiet on the sea. Patty soon the ghost boat started fur home, an' we gos our cutlasses an' rewolwers ready for business. An' now comes the funny part.' The Old Sailor paused a moment while the boys waited anxiously to hear the rest of his yarn. ' Jeft as the ghost- boat war bearin' down on us.' he continued, ' I seed that whale give himself a shake an' go down. Then all on a suddent, about a cable's length ahead o' the ghost-boat, there began the liveliest sort o' a scrimmage. The sea boiled an' the whale came a-sbootin' out halE his length. The next second another fish shot into the air an' come down on the water with the report o' a cannon. Flop, flop, bang, swasb, ewizzle! My, my ! You never seed such a row ! An' the ghost- boat come to a dead stop ! Bang, bang ! went the whale an' the other fiBh for about five minutes ! ' Give way !' yells the ossifers. But bless you, not a sailor-man could move. We w&s; all flabbergasted. Waal, the rumpus came to an end, an' wot do you think we seed ?' 'What?' 'That there whale was deader 'n a door nail, an9 right alongside o' him war layin' a thrasher, which the same war deader than . snother door nail. ' By the great horn spoon !' says Pete Martin, just like that, ' they had that thrasher to win9 that ghost-boat, an' it ain't no ghost-boat at all.9 An' in lees 'n two minutes we was aboard the queer craft, an' ehe war onr.3. Her cap'n war a eittin' flat on the deck a-cryin' as if his heart 'd break. ' Oh dear, oh dear!' says he, 'my thrasher is dead ! my thrasher is dead ! An' I loved him like he war my own child, w'ch the same he -war, seein' than I brought him up myself from the egg, an' taught him to fetch an' carry, an9 to tow boats, an' to run the blockade. An' now he's gone, an' I shan't never be able to swindle the Yankees no more. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear !' 'An' that,' said the Old Sailor, rising with a very grave face, 'are the end o' this yarn wot I'm a-tellin' you, an' also of the thrasher . wot run tbe blockade an' met a whale wot war out o' his latitood.' — Harper's Young People. 