OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,' 'Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,', and joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'The Ladies Gallery,' ' The Right Honorable,' &o.; (Published by speciJ arrangement with the author. 411 rights rcBemd.] Chaptkb VII.—' I Follow My Stab.' When Elsie Valliant set her heart upon doing any particular thing she usually had her way. She had set her heart upon going to Goondi during the election week, and so she persuaded Lady Horace to take her. They road to the Bean-tree Crossing, as the telegreph station and German settlement near them was called, and there picked up the ooach to Goondi, It was only a one-day 's expedition after all. T wo coaches passed in the day, one in the morning and one at night. \- Lady Horace was not very hard to persuade. Perhaps she was more excited about the chance's of Hallett's return than she chose to show. Perhaps ehe was a little anxious about her husband, of whom they heard vaguely as 'shouting drinks' to the electors, driving four-in-hand about the country, playing prac tical jokes upon his opponents, certainly flirt ing with electors' pretty daughters, and otherwise having what he described as 'a good time.' ' Ina was so quiet that no one ever quite knew what ehe felt or thought, but Ekie had a shrewd suspicion that she vsas not perfectly satisfied with her handsome and excitable young husband, and Elsie had heard Lord Horace speak more crossly to Ina than befitted the short time they had been married. To be sure he had apologised very penitently after wards and had deolared to Elsie that Ina was an angel, which she told -him had always been perfectly well known in tbe family. Lord Horace had added that perhaps it might be better for him if she were nob quite such an angel as she would keep him in stricter order and there Elsie had .agreed. Anyhow, Ina seemed to think that ta needed a little keeping in order now and so she said that as she wanted to do some shopping, and as Goondi was the nearest place where she could buy a yard of silk or a reel of cotton, she and Elsie would go. It was a queer straggling bush town, with a large and floating population, mostly of miners. The claims, with their heaps of stone and scaffolding of machinery, gave it a different appearance from the ordinary township. All day and night the machinery was at work and all day and all night one could hear the dull thud of the blasting. There was only one street in the township, bub it went up and down hill for nearly two miles, Goondi was all hills and little wooden houses and heaps of stone and mullock, which is the refuse from the crushing. There was only one hotel — a big two- storied wooden house, with verandah and balcony all round. commonly known' at Ruffey's.. Here tbe rival can didates were staying. Hallett harangued his mob from . the north balcony and Blake addressed his ' from the one on the south. Lord Horace was waiting outside the hotel to receive them when the coach drove up. His refined, Greek-featured face looked paler than usual from fatigue and late hours. He was very much excited and could talk of nothing but the election. He began at once to tell Ina of how he had been making himself agreeable to the wives of the diggers and settlers, and of the bush balls at which he had been assisting; of how the men had openly derided him for being a lord, and of how he had entertained and impressed the ladies by his answers to their questions concerning aristocratic life in England. ' Lord, I have crammed them,' he said confidentially, 'but I think we are doin* ib, though it'll be a close shave. Puts me in mind of Waveryng's election — I fetched 'em last night, I can tell you, by describin' all that and singing 'em the war cry — I composed ib myself— a sorb of hash of the 'Marseil laise,' 'TheStar- spangled Banner.'and 'Tommy Dodd.' The worst of it is that fellow Trant has got a voice that takes the wind out of our sails, aad then he appeals to their feelin's. Blest if he didn'b give 'em 'The wearing of the green' lasb night— struck up when Blake began about the Irish wrongs— he's a Fenian is that fellow Blake, but he is not a bad sorb for all that— and I really felt inclined to blubber, it -was so pathetic.' Hallett came towards them. They were in the entrance hall and he was ooming down the stairs. From the other side of the hotel floated sounds of the mob he had been ad dressing. He too looked excited and a little nervous. He went straight to Elsie, . just shaking hands with Lady Horace as he passed. 'You Bee I said I would oome,' she said. 'Tin afraid you've oome to see me beaten,' he answered in a low voice. ' I mustn't con fess to defeat now, but I feel pretty sure of it.' ' But he is a stranger,' said Elsie. 'Whab has he done 1 How has he got over the dis triot?' ' The man has power,' said Halletb bluntly, ' and I haven't.' 'Yes, he h%a power,' said Elsie dreamily ; ' I can see that.' 'You've seen him then ?' said Halletb sur prised. He had not heard of that meeting by the creek. Elsie had not even told her sister. 'Take care,' ho added in a low voice,' ' there he is.' Aloud he said, 'I think we had better go up to yonr sitting-room. Lady Horace. This isn't exactly the place for ladies.' _ A number of men had come in from the out side entrance. They were talking noisily. Trant's'voioe could be heard above the others. He stopped short at the sight of the ladies and lifted his hat to Lady Horace, who gave him rather a cool nod. All the men seemed to cluster naturally round the central figure, Blake himself, taller than the other?, more erect and altogether better-bred looking. He, too, raised his hat -ai the sight of Elsie, buo with bis left hand. She made a slight move ment in his direction. It was more a gesture than a movement, but he interpreted it as she had intended and came to speak to her. 'I hope your arm is all right now,' she said. ' No, I see it isn't. Why do you wear a sling?' ' The shoulder was dislocated,' he said in an eager confused manner, ' and Abatoa pulled all the way to Barolin and made a nasty business out of whab would have been nothing if I had kept quiet.' ' Abates !' she exclaimed. ' You calledhim Oaman. ' 'Abatos,' said Halletb, 'is th9 name of Moonlight's famous horse.' 'I suppose I was thinking of that. Someone has ju3t been speaking of Moonlight,' replied Mr. Blake quietly. Bub Elsie had fancied when when she spoke that his face bad changed and that he had grown paler. Was ib the eight of her which had agitated him? Tbe girl's heart thrilled with an odd moment aiy sense of triumph. - ? ? A - - - - - - . ? ? 'The exoitement of an eleation is apt to confuse one's faculties,' Blake went on. ' You have come into the thick of the fight, Miss Valliant. But I think on the whole,'— he turned to Hallett — 'that the warfare is con ducted with as little rancour as could be ex psoted, considering the sort of mob we have to deal with.' 'Your mob,' said Hallett laughing. 'Mine is deoorous compared with your wild Irishmen ? ' 'My wild Irishmen? They are the best natured and the best-behaved fellows in the world.' Blake insisted good - humoredly. ' They oan sing, too, I can tell you.' 'Yea— they oan sing,' Halletb admitted, 'and they can cheer in their queer shrill sort of way — I can't always make oub whether . they are delighted or disappointed. It some times sounds to me like a death-wail, and then, by Jove, I am told it is a shout of triumph.' 'You'll hear it to- morrow,' Blake paid carelessly, 'and then you will know that ib isn't a death- wail— and don't you forget it.' 'I am very curious about it— I want to hear it,' Elsie said in an abstracted sorb of way, as if she were talking to herself. ' I don't,' Halletb declared with a laugh. 'Well, Blake, we shall know ib all tomorrow. 'God show the right,' as the old proclama tions of battle used to say.' ' God show the right,' repeated Blake abstractedly. 'That's what they say in Ireland. Come what will, Halletb,' said Blake, 'you are a good, fellow and a gallant opponent.' Then the little group dispersed. Sounds echoed all through the wooden build ing, and Roffey's was by no means a peaceful haven on this election eve. From tbe bar down below there came noise of revelry, hoaree callings for drink, snatches of song, rough laughter, and occasionally an oath. In the balcony, on which Lady Horace's sibting-room opened, all this could be distinctly heard. It was an odd place for a young lady to choose, bub for the greater part of the evening Elsie Vallianb Bat there and listened to the din and watched the street below. There was a moon getting near its full, and the long straggling roadway, with its wooden houses, its odd looking groups of passers-by— rough bushmen, diggers, Chinamen, blacks — presented a rather amusing spectacle. But Elsie did not seem so deeply interested in the street scene as in a low monotonous hubbub, with one voice dis tinguishable through the babel, which came* to her from the other side of tbe building, and which she guessed to be that of Blake holding a meeting. There were interruptions every now and then. Sometimes his voice rose so clearly that ene could almost make out the words. Sometimes another voice interposed, sometimes there were hoots from below, some times cheers ; but through ib all the one voice declaimed with a force and passion that Elsie felt to be real oratory. She would have given the world to hear what he was saying. She did indeed crane her head over the balcony, but after a minute drew it back, afraid lest in the moonlight someone should see and recog nise her. By-and-by ib ended. The street became quieter, but the noise in the hotel in creased. Hallett oame up and joined her in the balcony. 'Have you been listening to Mr. Blake?'' she asked. 'No,' he replied, 'I have been orating on my own aocount. Why do you stay out here ? It isn't fib for you with all that noise going on in the bar.' 'I will go to bed,' she eaid listlessly. ' I am tired.' 'Stay a moment. Come round here; it is quieter. I told you I'd show you the ghost of your flower the nexb time we met Here ib is.' He opened his paoketbook and showed her the stephanotis spray crushed between its leaves. 'I have word ib,' he said, 'as one of the old knights you are so tond of might have worn hi3 lady's token when he went to battle. Ib has been with me all through my batble.' 'Give it to me,' she said in a strained sort of voice. He did so. Before he could guess her intention she had crumpled it into a shape less lump and had thrown it into the street. ' Why did you do that ?' he exclaimed, deeply hurt. 'Because it's worth nothing. It has nob brought you luck. It never will bring you any good luok.' ' Have you made up your mind, then, that I am to fail ?' he said ia a'pained tone. ' Yes, I f eel ib, 'I knojv ib. He has viotory in his face. That man will succeed wherever he goes and in whatever he chooses to do.' ' In whatever he chooses to do 1' Halletb repeated. 'Don't say that. I cannot bear you to say it.' . , 'Why? I only- say- what I feeL I never knew any in'an 'who gave me that impression in th^same'way.'' '' v , ?? 'Do you-kh'ow why I cannot bear you to gay it ? It is because he may choose to influence you.' ? . ' Well,' said Elsie, with an odd smile, ' that might not be an unpleasant sensation. Don't be angry,' she added hurriedly, seeing the look of pain that oame into his face. ' I didn't mean to vex you. Nothing in the world is more unlikely to happen.' 'As that he should influence you, or that he should chose to do so?' ' ' Both or either— as yon please. Good night, Mr. Hallett. We have had a thirty miles journey to-day, and Ina has gone to bed.' They went in. He gave her a candle and bade her good night. 'Do you know where your room is?' he asked. 'Yes, it is a good way along the passage — horribly far from Ina's. I shall lock my door.' 'Don't be frightened if you hear noises. They are not likely to shut up the hotel very early. I think it was a mistake your coming here just at this time.' . : 'I don't think so at al,L I wouldn't miss it for the world. But I should like to know who has the- room next to mine. Where are you?' ' On; the ground floor. I am very sorry. I will find out who is nexbjyou if you like.' He went'out. After a minute or two he came back. ''-:' ?' ,r J' 'Mr.-BfeminiC Trant rhas the room next yours..'*.' '; ???'?'-??'? ''?''? *-'J-i: 'I:don!t think I like Mr. Dominic Trant,' said Elsie. 'He has such odd eyes. I think he believes he. can mesmerise people. All the time we were standing in the hall downstairs he was looking at me. Tell me— is he going bo Tunimba?' -r --.'-: '?I suppose so. Edith says it will be the greatest mistake to get up a ooolness on account of the election. She has asked Mr. Blake to come to.' . . . ' ' I suppose she is right.' , 'Yes, Edith has a good .deal of tacb in these matters, but ib would be odd if he should come as the member for Luya.' 'Very odd,' said Elsie. She took her candle and left him. He went down the stairs and she to her room.* i It was, as she had said, a long way down the passage. It was in a wing that had been added to the main building, and there was a bend [in the corridor that made it seem more isolated still. Sbe was a little dismayed when she saw that Mr. Dominic Trant was fumbling in his keyhole. 'They've looked my door,' he said. 'It's a queer sort of shop, isn't ib, Miss Valliant ?' 'Yes,' said Elsie shortly. 'Good- night.' ' You are next to me. These wooden par titions are confoundedly thin. Don't be frightened if you hear me coming in and going out. Blake and I are going to amuse our selves.' ' I hope you will do [so. Would you let me pass, please ?' . Trant drew back. ' I intend to make you like me, Miss Valliant. You don't know, but I intend that you shall. Do you know that I am ooming to Tunimba ?' 'Yes, I know that. Please bring some songs with you.' 'Blake is coming, too. He will be the member for Luya, and Mr. Hallett's nose will be oub of joint. Look here. Miss Valliant, I've got something to say to you.' ' I don't think I want to hear it now, Mr. Trant.' 'I shall not be a minute telling you. I know you are a flirb. Everyone says so. You'll be wanting to flirt with Blake. Take my advice and don't. He is a nasty customer is Blake. There is nothing he enjoys so muoh as compro mising a woman. He has got no more heart than this key.' 'I don't see what that matters tome, Mr. Trant — or to you.' 'Ib does matter to me. I know Blake's ways. I don't want to see you let in. I think a great deal of you— a great deal more than you know.' 'I am very much obliged to you.' She turned the handle of her doer and went into her room, leaving him outside. Then she tried tbe door after her, but to her dismay she dis covered that there was no key; and that the bolb was frail and unreliable. She tried to reason herself oub of her terror of Trant. ' He has probably been drinking,' she said to herself, ' though he looked cool enough.' She sab down without undressing. 'It seemed to her tfa at there were all kinds of disquieting sounds about. The roar of the machinery, whioh she could not a4 first understand, was uncanny, and so were the ocoasional detona tions from the blasting works. By-and-by the noise in the bar subsided a little. The hotel iteelf was fairly quiet. It was now about mid night. She heard step3 along the corridor and they set - her trembling again. The steps paused at Tranb's door. Someone went io. Yes, the partitions were horribly thin. She could hear the voice distinctly. It was the voice of Blake, and yet she was conscious that he was speaking almost in a whisper. ' Are you ready ?'' Trant murmured something. She could not distinguish the word?. Blake went on, still in the same low clear voice and with an accenb of contempt. ' Naturally you don't understand. One must follow one's star.' Again a murmur from Trant, of whioh she only distinguished the words 'eight thou sand.' A laugh— an odd mooking laugh. 'The member for Luya. Droll ! There's a oerbain humor in the situation.' And then a sentence inFrenoh. Sbe could not make it out. A sound aa of someone moving about and open ing and shutting things followed. Presently one went oub— both she imagined at first, for there was complete silence. Elsie could bear it no longer. She must go and find Ina and ask her to stay with her. She did not know what had frightened her. And why should she be frightened either of Tranb or of Blake? But she was frightened for all that. Her nerves were like stretched wires. To re main there till morning seemed an impossi bility. She took up her candle and opened her door. The passage was all dark. She would go to Lady Horace's room. A window in the passage was open and a gust blew out the candle. She gave a faint cry. At that moment the door of Trant's room opened and a man came out — a man in riding dress with a black sorb of ponoho covering his coat. He drew back as he saw her and heard her excla mation. He had no candle, but at that moment the moon came out from under a cloud and shene through the uncurtained window. She saw that it was Blake. He came towards her. ' Miss Valliant, I'm afraid I frightened you. I did not know that you were so near.' 'I am in the next room. I heard you.' ' You heard me.' His eyes were full upon her. How bright they looked. They had an odd intent expression. There was some thing wild in their gaze. 'Then you must have preternaturally keen ears, for I spoke in a whisper.' ' I heard you say that one must follow one's star. Whab is your sbar? Where is it taking you ?' He continued looking at her in that strange rapt manner. ?' Where it has always led me — to danger and to misfortune.' ' To misfortune !' she repeated. 'Oh, no, no. Why do you say that ?' 'Because fate has been against me and be cause Fin in a reckless mood to- night. Does the full moon affect you, Miss Valliant. Does it make you feel that you could do any sorb of dare-devil thing ? I've got the music of ' Ber lioz' ' Faust' in my head. Do you know it ? ' No. How should I know it 5' 'True. They haven't performed it in Aus tralia, I fancy. Well, if you ever hear it, note the description of Faust's wild ride with Mephisbopheles. I think Mephistopheles is always abroad when .the moon is at the full. That's how I feel.' ' You are not going to ride to-night.' ' Yes. I am going for a gallop. That's my way of working of! my excitement/' 'You don't seem as if you were excited. You are quite pale and cold and resolute. It is only your eyes that have a wild look.' 'They look wild, do they? They ought not to look wild when they are fixed on you.' Xhey were fixed on her now searchingly. ' Go baok to bed, Mies Valliant. Nothing will dis turb you. You may sleep as soundly and peacefully as a child.' ' I am frightened. I was going to find my sister's room,'' she said falberingly. ' I don't like bbing here alone— so far from every one.' ' You should not be frightened. No one 'will hurt you. What frightens you?' he said. 'I don't know. It's very stupid, I suppose. Things seem odd and eerie — it's so odd my standing here talking to you at this hour.' ' There's nothing so odd in that. Go back to bed. Don't wake up your sister. I'm sorry that I told you about my wild mood. The truth is that I oome of a hot-headed race. I love adventure — violent exercise — all sorts of things that stir one's blood and make life worth livinsr. I love solitude, and for weeka I have been living in a crowd and putting a curb on myself ? ' ' Bub there is Mr. Trant. You will not be alone.' 'Oh, Trant understands me and lets me have my fling. To-morrow I shall be as meek as a Iamb and you won't recognise the spurred and booted desperado off to-night.' He laughed as he spoke and made a movement with his arms which caused his cloak to fall back. In the moonlight Elsie saw the gleam of something at his waist and realised ihab ib was the shining handle of a pistol.' ' You look like a desperado. Why do 'you carry that pistol?' 'Oh, that — I had forgotten. Moonlight may be about you know. It is well to be armed when one scours the country at full moon.' A clock struck twelve. He held out his hand. ' Do as I tell you. Sleep well, and look upon this midnight meeting as a dream.' His touch gave her a curious sensation. ' Your hand is quite cold,' she said. ' Whab is the mabter?' ' Nothing is the matter.'1 ' Ib is as cold as death,' she repeated. ' Death— what do you know of death ? Go to bed, go back and sleep. Dream happy dreams. Good-night.' He opened her door for her and waited till she had gone through and bad closed it behind her. She heard his steps going softly down the corridor. Then she shot the bolt and quietly undressed. Ib was very strange, but she had no thought oE disobeying him, no thought now of going to Lady Horace. She f elb soothed and satisfied and yet through all there was a certain thrill of exoitement. His eyes with their bright intent look seemed to be gazing at her in the darkness. There was something compelling in the look. It haunted her and gave her a strange dreamy feeling. She did nob deep fora longtime. She pictured him scouring the plains on his blaok horse Osman and working off the fever of his blood, the hilt of his pistol gleaming as his cloak flew back in the wind. In her fancy he seemed like some mediaeval knight. What a contrast to the dull prosaic bushmen round ber, with their eternal talk about cattle and horses, their petty interests and low aims. This man spoke of his star. How strange that he should have used that phrase. Sbe thought of her talk with Halletb and of how she had said that the man she loved must have a purpose and a destiny and a star. Chapter VIII.— The Member fob Ltjta. It was early morning before Elsie fell asleep. She slept late. Ina knocked at her door and found it bolted and went away again. Later when Elsie was dressed and went into the sit ting-room she found the whole party assembled there. Lord Horace was talking excitedly. ' Eight thousand pounds worth of gold. By Jove, it's a haul !' he was saying. Eight thousand pounds ! The words brought a thrill to Elsie. 'What are you talking about?' she exclaimed. 'What does it mean ?' 'It means the mosb daring robbery that ever was committed. The gold escort robbed eight miles from Goondi at 3 o'clock this morning — six armed policemen to five bushrangers,' said Hallett. 'And the devil, as they say, in the shape of a black horse,' pub. in Lord Horace. 'I should like to have the chance of a shot at Abates. What fools they were nob to aim at the horse. 3Pon my soul, it's the most ex tror'nary thing. Etheridge, the sergeant, swears the men are all in armor.' 'Copying the Kelly s,' said Lady Horace. ' Copying the mediaeval duffers rather. It's a better sorb of armor than the KeUy?. That must be chain armor of the best manu facture cr they couldn't ride the distances in time and do the things they do — unless Moon light has the power of disappearing into the bowels of the earth whenever he sees fit. Ib beats me, and I can't help having a sneaking regard for suoh a plucky fellow. I hope MoPherson won't nab him.' Lord Horace went on walking fiercely up and down the inn parlor. Elsie sab silent. She, too, was intensely ex cited. ' The worst of ib is that no one cares two straws about the polling to-day,' said Halletb. ' All Goondi is mad over the robbery. I am afraid ib will affeob the votes.' 'No, it won't,' Eaid Loid Horace. 'I shall drag the voters in — yonr voters at least.' Elsie ate her breakfast listlessly. Hallett looked at her with anxious eyes. ' You look as if you hadn't slept. And you don't seem so tremendously interested in Moonlight as I thought you would be.' 'Yes,' she answered. 'I am — tremen- dously interested*. Was anybody hurt !' 'Moonlight has never yet shed blood,' said Hallett; 'and as for the bushrangers, Ethe ridge says that the bullets glanced off them. He let the police fire. They weren't' prepared and before they had time to reload Moonlight and his men had closed in on them and the whole thing was up. They were found gagged and tied to gum-trees by a selector who started early this morning to vote. The gold had gone and there wasn't a trace of the bush rangers to be seen. Oatside the hotel the mob had become up roarious. ' It's Blake holding forth. You'll hear ' The wearing of tbe green' presently. Come along, Horace. Leb us see what they are up to,' said Halletb. He was very pale. Elsie went oub with Ina into tbe balcony. It was the same voice that she had listened to the evening before. 'Ye3, it's Blake haranguing his wild Irish men,' Hallett said. Elsie could hear the voice, but she could nob \- see the man. She could tell by the murmurs of the crowd that it waa a large crowd and deeply interested. The sensation was curious and intense. The hush was something almost painful during each sentence of the speaker, and then the wild shriek of applause seemed as if it broSe irrepressible oub of the very heart of the listeners. ' Blake won't leb his fellows forgeb all about the election, even in tbe excitement about Moonlighb and the robbery,' Hallett quietly observed. ' He's a better tactioian than we are.3' This was the very thought that had been passing through Elsie's somewhat dis tracted mind. She could hardly follow the comae of the appeal that Blake was making to his admirers. It waa something about the future of Ireland, and the future, too, of Australia. Bub she did nob want to follow the political appeal. She was content to hear the voice — melodious, strong, thrilling, sweet— with sudden spon taneous notes of humor in ib, which brought out roars of laughter from the delighted listeners. Halletb's turn oame to address his electors and Elsie was near and could follow bis worda, bub they thrilled her to no enthusiasm. Sh0 could nob understand why Ina. was white and£ cold with anxiety. What did ib matter? What did anything matter? It was the obber voice that rang in Elsie's ears. Bub howoooldL she, in loyalty, hope that Blake mighb be vio-4 toriou3. Lady Horace made no attempt to da' her shopping that day and the colonial oven' was not bought-r-on this occasion at any rate.. The exoitemenb in Goondi was far too intenaa for it to be safe for ladies to venture into ther : business street, the mob too dense and turbu lent. Intereab was divided between the resulft of tbe poll and the bushranging outrage^ There was almost a suspension of all other business. Police patrolled the street. Th» township authorities were waiting for Govern ment orders. Courthouse and telegraph station were surrounded by a swaying trowel waiting the arrival of 'progress telegrams.' Captain McPherson, the superintendent oE police, had started out with all the available force. Native trackers were got together and further bands were being summoned from tha neighboring township. At evening, however, nothing had been Heard of Moonlight. Ha might, as Lord Horace bad said, have disap peared into the bowels of the earth for all th» trace he had left. Mr. Blake and his supporters were very muoh in evidence that day. Elsie saw him in the distance, cool, oalm, apparently selfconfi dent. She saw him riding down the street oC the township on a horse which was not Osman* but which was nevertheless a very splendid* animal — a mettlesome chesnub, which ap parently he had ridden all through the elec tion, for she heard Halljtt and Lord Horaca discussing it Jand extolling the Barolin breed. She looked at the horse to see if it showed any traces of a wild ride, but ib was as fresh an* spirited and sleek as though ib had nob left tha stable for days. Elsie wondered whether ha had really taken that gallop, and if so whether ib had, as he had said, worked off the excite ment. He certainly seemed now absolutely collected, bub perhaps his composure was a sign of excitement at white heat. She observed that during the early parb of the day Trann was not with his partner, and that when he did show himself he seemed by far the mo3& wearied and discomposed of the two. Elsie watched the fortunes of the day fromr her balcony. She saw Hallett go into tha courthouse np the street, and then Blake cama up to the courthouse door and gob off bis horse and went in too, accompanied [by a few friends, and sheaseumed that the counting of the votes was going on. She went in and oub uneasily from and back to the balcony. Some hours after she saw a rush made towards tha courthouse by an excited crowd. Presently she heard a wild outcry, at first she hardly knew whether of grief or joy, and then broke oub tha song of 'God save Ireland,' mingled with hurrahs for Blake, and a crowd rushed up waving banners and sticks, some with green ribbons tied to them, and she knew that the victory was won. The crowd halted under the hotel outside, and Elsie assumed that Blaka was there and that he would have to maka another speech. So he did. His voice rang oub with all the proud vigor of victory— and she heard him tell of the regeneration of Ira land and the manifest destiny of Australia. ' Lord Horace had worked manfully. It cer tainly was nob his fault that Frank Hallebb was nob elected. Bub when the poll waa de clared, just before the crowd returned to tha hotel, ib was known that Blake bad come ia the victor by a majority of twenty votes. t Again Elsie and Blake met in the corridor. She was coming from her room ; he was. going towards his. She went straight to him and held out her hand. ' I congratulate you,' she said simply. 'Thank you,' he answered, and held hep hand for several moments before she withdrew ib. ' Bub,' she added, 'I am very sorry foe Mr. Halletb.' ' He had behaved splendidly,' said Blake. ' He is a fine fellow. We shall nob bear each other any animosity. He fights fair, and when the fight is over he shakes hands. Wa have shaken hands and have agreed to bury personal differences. Political differences] I am afraid we shall never bury.' 'Tell me,' she said abruptly. ' What did you do lasb nighb?' 'It does nob matter, Miss Valliant, since I did not disturb you agaiu. I took care nob to do that.' 'No, you did nob disturb me,' she answered. 'But I did nob go to sleep till nearly daybreak, and Mr. Tranb muab have come in after that.' 'Yes, he came in after that.' ' Your horse did nob look as though you had ridden very far last nighb.' ' I accomplished my purpose,' he said; 'I worked off my excitemenb.' ' And you did nob meeb Moonlight ?' He laughed. 'So Moonlighb, was abroad lasb nighb.' 'Strange, wasn't it ?' 'Captain MoPheraon has not oaughb him yet?' ' Have you heard V she asked.1 ' He has not caught him yet. I don't think he is likely to catch him.' 'Now that you are a member for Luya, Mr. Blake,' Elsie went on, ' you will have to do something to preserve the peace of the dis trict.' 'What should you like me to do ?' he said.' ' Ask a question in the House and twib the Government with the fact that all tbe polioa of the district are held at bay by an undia coverabl9 outlaw?' 'No, I don't wanb you to deprive us of our chief excitement, not that it will matter much to me, for I am soon going back to Leiohardb'3 Town, and frankly I am full of sympathy for Moonlight. Do you know that one of tha troopers eaya that he speaks a straoge language.' Blake laughed. ' I understand that he was heard to give an order to fire inFrenoh, and ; Captain McPherson has started the theory that he is an escaped convict from New Caledonia.' Lady Horace came out of her room ju3t then and advanced to her sister and Blaka. Her eyes had a frightened look. 'Elsie,' she said, 'I should like to know Mr. Blake.' She held oub her hand with her charming smile. 'F, cannot say that I am glad you have gob io,: but I am glad ab any rate that the fight is over.' . . ' And the hatchet i3 buried, Lady Horace,™:, said Blake, acknowledging her salutation, with.' a very courtly bow. 'I suppose you know' that the rival candidates and their supporters dine together to-night and that we shall all make pretty speeches about each other and ba . good friends henceforth.' They said a few more words and then Blaice Ief b them. The two sisters wenb back to tha sitting-room. 'Elsie,' Ina said. on the way thither, ' don't begin to flirt with that man.' . 'Why nob, dear V asked Elsie. 'Because he will make you do what ha likes,' said Ina, ' I see ib in his eyes.' The light of a eras jet fell on her agitated face and blurred lashes. 'Ina, you haye been crying,' exclaimed. Elsie. 'What is the matter? Has Horaca been doing anything to vex you?' ' No— I — :I Ina stammered. 'I am very happy, Elsie. I'm only sorry for Mr. Halletb, and you don'b care. You are wishing joy tu the man who has supplanted him. You have nothing kind to say to Frank, who loves you. He ia in there waiting and hoping to see you. -^ Ob, go to him, Elsie, and say thab you are ^:- sorry.' Ina pushed Elsie in and ran baok to her room. . . Frank Hallett was there alone. He was' standing by the mantelpiece and looked grim and sad. It struck her for the first time almost that he, too, looked a man of power. He lifted his head as she entered and smiled. ? ' You see you were right. I am beaten— buh only for the Luya. I shall have another chance direotly/' . . ' What do you mean? Oh, Frank, I am sorry.' 'Thank you, Elsie.' He took her hand ia his and held ib. 'Thank you, dear. ThaU makes up for other things. It is an odd chance, i3n't it, thab on the very day of my beinff beaten for the Luya the Wallaroo vaoauoy should be declared ?' ' Wallaroo ! I hadn't heard.' 'Lady Horace knew it — ib is all over tha place. Fletcher has resigned.' ' Yes, yes, I remember, but I did noli connect the two things,' Elsie stammered. ? ' There haa been so much to think of — Moon- light and thia. You will get in there.' 'And I have another electioneering cam-' paign before me. It will not be a long one, however, and I don'b start till after the Tunimba festivities.' 'You^eee,' he added with a rather bitter little laugh, ' it is aa we thought. The ttophie3 ' of victory have been turned into the symboh : of defeat. -We shall be celebrating the triumph of my opponent. -Blake's first appearanca' among us will be as the member for Laya.' 'Oh!— Frank ? ' ' Are you sorry, Elsie? Be truthful. 'Sorry— for your defeat? Of course I am sorry.' 'Bub for his victory. Are you sorry foe - that ?'' 'I don'bthink you have any righb to question me in this way,' she said proudly. 'No, no, I have no right Bub I watched vour face this morning, and I watched ib lash evening when you were listening to him speak ing. I saw that you were straining to cabph the words. And somehow, Elsie, you don'b seem like yourself to-day. You look as thongh your thoughts were far from Goondi and from the election and from everything that concerns us here.' 'No, Frank, but I am tired. I— I ? -' There was almost a sob in her voioe. 'You. are quite right. I am noft myself. I don't know what is the matter wibh me. I did nob sleepvery well lasS night.' 'You did not sleep. Did anyone—wera you frightened at the noises in the hotel ? 'No.' She hesitated. 'Bub there were noises,' he said. lneara the tramping of horses' feet in the yard. I wondered who could have coma so late.' 'It was nothing,' she said hurriedly. »o, '. I was nob disturbed. Don't think anything more about my looks, Frank, or aboajj tbioea. It doesn't matter after all, since yon are sure to tie member for Wallaroo.' At that moment Lord Horace's voice Bounded in the passage. He ushered in the victorious Blake, pausing as he did so to give eome directions to the -waiter. ' Heidseok — spurious, of course, Blake, bat not half bad. Hallefct, old boy, swallow down animosities; drown 'em in the flowing bowl and Elsie and Ina most join in. The -fight was a fair one and we're beaten. There's Wallaroo ahead, a dead certainty if ever there was one.' ' Hallett oame forward and held out his hand to his rival. 'You are Tight, Horace, and I congratulate you, Mr. Blake.' \- Msie admired him at the moment very much, hat she admired Blake still more, as with ?winning courtesy he responded to Hallett'a congratulations. [? 'If there had been twenty fewer Irishmen m Goondi you, not I, would have been mem ber for Lnya,' he said. ''But, as Iiord Horace says, there's Wallaroo ahead and we shall fight in the Legislative Assembly yet, Mr. Hallett, in as friendly a fashion. I hope, as we have i ought here.' (To ~be continued.) 