The Sain oflhe Coin. A Romanc of the FarI West and of tihe Riding Ring. [BY L. GALBRAITH.] l(Author of " Noew Ghost Stories.") (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowdon, Ltd.) CHAPTER VI.-(Ceo~tinucd). Powlett noticed the slip. He had not mentioned the name by which Mrs. Loree's father had been lknown in the States. 'You have heard, then,' he answered in the same tone. 'Yes, they say he was Lord John Vallance; but, of course, that is not true.' 'It is true.' Lady Dalston's skirts rustled down the wide, softly-carpeted stairs. Powlett leaned forward. 'Celia,' he said under his breath, ' if you can't be my wife, and we know that it is impossible, I'd rather see you married to Val than any other fel low I know; but if half I hear is true, you'll never marry him unless a stop is put to this wretched folly. We must get Yal out of the scrape somehow. Can you do anything ?' Lady Celia closed her teeth with a little snap, and the fresh red lips drew together into a straight, somewhat hard line. 'I can do everything, I think,' she said; 'Joscelyn comies home to-day. Keep him with you to-morrow morn ing, and send me Mrs. Loree's address by to-night's post.' There was no time for any answer. Lady Dalston was already in the room, and after a quarter of an hour devoted to tea and small talk, Powlett took his leave. But when he enclosed the address to Lady Celia that evening, he Wrote on the back of the paper, 'For God's sake don't run any risks; you will not attempt to see her.' ' Men are very stupid, said Lady Celia, when she received this little caution with her morning tea. 'They are always so afraid of cominitting themselves.' After breakfast she announced her intention of spending the day with Lady Cardross, her one intimate friend, and by twelve o'clock she was shown into that lady's boudoir. Lady Cardross was writing a novel, and gave up her entire morning to the work. 'I haven't come to interrupt you, Lilla,' said Lady Celia, when the friends had embraced; 'but I want you to ask me to luncheon. I am going away for an hour; but I know you are never at home to anyone but me at this time of day, and you need not remember that I didn't stay here all the while.' ' What are you up to ?' inquired the elder woman, laughing. 'I am engaged on a work of charity which must not come to the ears of my respected aunt, therefore I have given her to understand that I am spending the day with you. And now may I have a hansom and go about my busi ness ?' 'Certainly. Ihave such confidence in your discretion, Celia, that I won't ask any questions. I believe there is nothing but a spatch-cock for lunch. Can you live on that ?' ' I can live on anything. A clear ,conscience and a crust is all I ask.' 'There won't be much difficulty about the crust,' mnurmured Lady Cardross, as she rang the bell and requested the servant to call a cab. Rattling down Oxford-street in her hansom, Lady Celia had time to re view the situation. She knew she was taking a bold step, but she felt no misgivings as to its wisdom. For her own sake, for the sake of the family, for Vallance himself, it was necessary that this friendship with IMrs. Loree should be broken off. It was quite impossible for the family to recognise a professional rider, who was also the wife of a swindling adventurer, .were she fifty times the dauglhter of the late Lord John Vallance. The old Duke had repudiated her, and -as there was a considerable amount of property un entailed, Celia considered it her dut3y to prevent Lord Valiance from comining to an open rupture with his grand father by taking Lorraine's part against his expressed wishes. To appeal to Joscelyn ..himself, would, she felt, be worse than useless. He was the last man on earth to turn his back on a friend, much..less a re lation, in time of trouble. All his absurd chivalry would be roused by the sight of beauty in distress. He would be capable of compromising himself horribly in his endeavours to protect his cousin. Clearly, then, the best chance of success lay in persuading AMrs. Loree to take the initiative and give him up, and it was on that errand that Lady Colia was now bent. With all her self- possession, she felt slightly nerv Sous as the cab drew up at the address which Powlett had forwarded. The street was eminently unfashion able, and the house dingy and dull. Celia read the number on the fanlight twice before she could mako up her mind to dismiss her hansom. While she was paying the driver, a man came out of the house, slamming the door violently belhind him. He stared rudely at the pretty, well-dressed girl, and Lady Celia averted her face. ' That is the husband,' she thought. 'What an odious beast! Thank goodness, I shan't have to speak to him. How could a nice" woman bring horself to marry a thing like that.' A slatternly servant answered her knock, and told her Mrs. Loree was at home. She did not ask the visitor's name, but led the way upstairs, and, throwing open the door of a room on the first floor, invited her to enter. It was the usual drawing-room of the ' apartment' type, furnished with a complete suite upholstered in shabby red velvet. The walls were decorated by cheap ongravings in tarnished gilt frames; the marble mantelpiece was adorned with florid vases and 'lustres,' and littered with pipes, old envelopes, and tradesiaen's cards. The air was full of the blended odour of stale tobacco and fresh flowers. On the round contro table, which was covered by a gaudy tapestry cloth, stood a magnificent bouquct of violets and lilies of the valley. 'One of Joscelyn's little gifts,' mused Lady Celia; ' and he only came home yesterday.' The door between the two rooms opened, and Lorraine entered. She had been crying, and the tears had left delicate sienna shadows about her large eyes, whlich added a certain pathetic charm to her beautiful face. Lady Celia, who was pretty enough herself to afford to be generous in her estimate of others, told herself that thero was every excuse for Joscelyn's infatuation. Mrs. Loree was perfectly lovely. She went forward, frankly offering her hand. 'You have not forgotten me, I hope,' she said, in her most winning tone. Lorraine, who never forgot a face, answered unhesitatingly, 'I remember you perfectly. You are Lady Celia H~iarbord.' She evidently awaited some expla nation of the visit. Celia relapsed gracefully into a chair, with her back to the window, through which the thin winter sunshine streamed full on the other's face. With quick tact she divined that this was not a woman with whom it would be wise to beat about the bush, and she opened fire forthwith. 'Please forgive me for coming at this unearthly hour; but I wanted to find you at home and alone. There is something I must say to you something in which we ought to help each other, since only we two are capable of doing it, be~ause-because I am engaged to Lord Vallance, and you are his-' Celia liesitated for half a second, watching the face opposite, which changed neither colour nor expression, and added, 'cousin and friend. Dear Mrs. Loree,' she went on, clasping her hands with a pretty gesture of en treaty, 'don't think I do not fully share in Joscelyn's regard and admira tion for his cousin. I know all about your relationship, and I think he is perfectly right to defy the Duke. It is so brave and honourable, just what an Englishman ought to do. We can't help loving him for his courage, but isn't the sacrifice almost too great to be permitted without counting the cost ?' 'Tho sacrifice ?' Lorraine repeated, wonderingly. 'I don't think I under stand. Will you explain your mean ing a little more clearly ?' 'People are so horrid,' cried Lady Celia. 'I know that you and Joscelyn are real, true friends, but nobody else believes it. They say such cruel things about you both-such insulting things to me. Only this morning I received an odious anonymous letter warning me that Joscelyn had-bhad ceased to care for me. Everyone is talking about it. You don't know what harm it is doing him. If this dreadful gossip reaches the Duke's ears, he will certainly cut Joscelyn out of everything he can, and only about half the pro perty is entailed. It will mean com parative ruin. Worst of all, my people are furious. They will insist on breaking off our engagement, and both our lives will be spoiled !' She paused, with a little break in her voice more eloquent than any sobs. Lady Celia was displaying a degree of emotion which would have electrified her friends and secretly surprised even herself. She had no idea of the strength of her dramatic instincts, and Lorraine, who had heard so much of the young girl's imnmo bility and coldness, was fairly carried 'away by the fervour of her appeal. How deeply the silent, reticent nature must have suffered before it could find vent in this torrent of words. She was surprised and shocked beyond measure by this revelation of the effect of her friendship on Val lance's prospects: at the injury, which, all unwittingly, she had done to the man for whom she cared more than anyone in the world. She rose from her chair, seized by a sudden panic, which drove the blood to her heart and shook her from head to foot with nervous terr6r. ' Whart can I do?' she cried, impul sively stretching out her hands towards her visitor. 'I don't know what to do.' ' Y'ou can give him.up,' said Lady Colia, promptly. 'I would, if our positions were reversed. If you were free, and I thought .he would be happier with you, I would give him up, though it brolke my heart. But you are not free. You have a hus band (he is not worthy of you, I know; and oh, I am so sorry for yo ; but still he is your husband, and you belong to him). Supposing that it is true-what people say, and Joscelyn does-does-care most for you. It is not so unlikely,' faltered Lady Colia, with her handkerchief to her eyes; 'you are of as good family, on one side, at least, and a great deal handsomer than I am. But if it is true, how is it going to end ? You are not free. The only possible way to freedom would lead through the horrors of the Divorce Court, and that would ruin Joscelyn's career. Lorraine flung herself on her knees at the girl's side. 'Don't, don't even spealk of such a thing,' she entreated passionately. 'It's not true. It never has been truo. Oh, how cruel people can be. Lady Celia, I implore you to beliere tlhat not a single word has passed between my cousin and myself which either of us need have been ashamed for you to hear.' A stupid woman might have mis understood the force of her nervous excitement, might have judged that she protested over much for innocence, but Lady Celia HIarbord was not stupid. She rightly divined that her words had come as a revelation to this un sophisticated girl, who, though a year her senior was so far behind her in the serpent wisdom of thel world. She gauged exactly the nature with which she had to deal, the sensitive pride and purity which would be so malleable in skilful hands. She was gaining her point and could afford to be generous. She bent down and kissed the beautiful, miserable face. 'I do believe you,' she answered, gravely. ' But that is not the point. It's the world that judges, and the world is so censorious. It always takes the worse for granted. And, forgive me, but you know your husband is unscrupulous. I am afraid he has not helped to mako people think better of you. Believe me, I would not have come here to-day if I could have seen any other way out of the difficulty, but there is none. Unless Joscelyn gives you up, his whole life will be spoilt, and he will never give you up, he is too chivalrous. Whatever injury it inflicts on him, he will not go back on a friend. It must be done by you, or not at all. It will be your sacrifice or his. That is all.' She gently put Lorraine aside and rose. ' I have said all I came to say,' she said. 'I will go now. Whatever course you decide on taking, you know your responsibility now.' Lorraine gathered herself up. She was. very pale, but the nervous shivering had passed. 'Wait one moment,' she said. 'I want to do right. God forbid that I should sacrifice the one relation Ihave known beside my father. I will give up my friend. But how shall I do it? What shall I say to him ?' 'Say nothing. You are not strong enough to risk an interview. Take my advice and refuse to see him again. It can only prolong the agony. Write that-wait.' A blotting book lay on the table, Lady Celia found a sheet of paper and a pencil, and, sitting down, she scribbled a rough draft of the letter. ' Will you copy that,' she said, when she had finished. ' Perhaps it would be better if you would write it now, and let me post it? The first step is always the most difficult. After that is taken there is no going back. The numb exhaustion which suc ceeds a mental shock to a person physically weakened byillness, was fast overpowering Lorraine. She felt thankful to obey anyone who would take from her the responsibility of deciding on her own line of conduct. She copied the letter verbatim, hardly realising the full meaning of the words. 'LWhere shall I send it?' she asked as she closed the envelope. ' Where do you usually address his letters ?' 'I have never written to him in town.' 'Send it to the Carlton,' said Lady Celia. fTo be continued). 