THEATRE ROYAL. :"RICHELIETJ." The Theatre Royal, in spite of counter at tractions, was well filled on Saturday evening, when Mr, Walter Bentley appeared in Bulwer Lytton's historical drama "Richelieu." The character of Richelieu has always been a favorite one with the tragedians who have visited Australia, for in the impersonation of the greatest statesman that Trance ever knew, the cardinal who built up the power of the Trench Crown, there are opportunities for dramatic power which tax the highest art of the actor. The period chosen by Lytton was a stormy one—monarchy was falling in all directions; Cromwell, in the height of his triumph, was fast overcoming the feeble re sistance of Charles I.; and yet the weak and vacillating Louis Xlil. retained his throne, upheld by the patriotism and craft of the aged cardinal. The hatred of the greatTrench nobles to Richelieu never slumbered, and the "old fox" found Bafety in the King's sense of his own helplessness, until, yielding to the in trigues of his courtiers, Louis for a brief period was persuaded into abandoning the I Minister to whom he owed his throne. It is at this critical hour that the dramatist has! depicted Richelieu, showing him fir3t powerful j and overbearing, marching onward to his goal with the strongest tenacity of purpose, un moved either by fear or pity. Possessed of j an iron will and fiery soul, confined within a frail and feeble frame, the cardinal—endowed j with that magnetic power peculiar to_ the rulers of men—rises superior to the intrigues of the court, and with a glorious patriotism devotes himself to the interests of his country. Trance is his guiding star, all personal am bition is sacrificed to secure her supremacy, and the conspiracies of the corrupt and traitorous courtiers are powerless to turn him from his purpose. The person of Richelieu has been described as a pale apparition, the mere ghost of a great man, neither flesh nor blood but all intellect, with that steady and penetrating eye and that imperious gesture that overawed the King and the proudest peers of Trance. It is thus that Mr. Walter Bentley depicts him, the actor's fine personality being completely disguised in the frail and tottering figure of the great statesman. Stern and masterful in his open ing Eeenes, he yet delicately indicates his affection for hi3 ward Julie de Mortemar, and with every movement is the wonderful car dinal the saviour of Trance. The imperious manner of a man born to rule gives place to that of the affectionate guardian of youth and innocence, the great dignitary cf the greatest Church the world has even seen can, in spite of countless court intrigues, find delight in the loves of Julie and l)e Mau prat, and with a judgment ofttimesi cruel and unmerciful mingle that love of country which was his distinguishing charac teristic. Tender in his passages with Julie, ironically humorous in his treatment of De Mauprat, and bitter in his denunciation of his enemies, Mr. Bentley's Richelieu is greatest in the scene in which the cardinal invokes the awful power of the Church to the protection of his ward, whose virtue is threatened by the licentious King. Casting off for the moment the physical weakness of the aged Minister, Richelieu, transfigured by the vehemence of his passion, is in form and feature the em bodiment of an avenging church. Equally powerful is the last scene, in which Richelieu, rising superior to his enemies, produces the fatal dispatch _ which sends to the block the very conspirators who were plotting his destruction. Mr. Bentley is undoubtedly ] seen at his best in thiB drama, but his ex cellent performance has the unfortunate result of showing the decided weakness of his com pany. Julie de Mortemar, Rioheliou's orphan ward, iB essentially the second character in the drama and one in which many successes have been made, and therefore the least said about Miss Marie Traser's impersonation of the role the better. Mr. H. R. Roberts is deserving of great credit for his excellent performance of De Mauprat, whioh was a pleasing contrast to most of the other characters in the drama. Mr. McGowan was well cast as Joseph, and it is possible to accept any of the stories con cerning the weakness of Louis XIII. after seeing his MajeBty as portrayed by Mr. Hill. Miss Vivienne was fairly good as Trancois, and the remainder of the company doubtless did their best. " Richelieu" will be repeated for the last time this evening. 