"GHOSTS." This was the title of a leoture delivered by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley in the Albert HaU on Tuesday evening, Ootober 17. Mr. T. Price, M.P., presided. The full title was " Ghosts, or the Fallacies that frighten Anti Reformers." There was a very good atten dance. Mrs. E. W. Oldham, who sang "The Kerry dance," was enthusiastically encored. &lr.; Wheatlet said that he classified ghoats as follows: - 1. There were what might be oalled fanoies, whioh only existed in the minds of those who thought they had seen them. 2. There were oaseB of mistaken identity, where things did exist, but they were not seen as they were, and were supposed to be totally different from what they were. 3. Oases of fraud, and he believed, the last covered a great many ghoatfl. Outside those there were some mysterious phenomena whioh they were not thoroughly acquainted with at present, and nob quite able to explain. Just as a man was ready at times to fanoy he had seen a ghost, so society oould be worked upon, and people oould be made to imagine that terrible things were going to happen. When sooiety got into _ that condition the danger was that it might mistake its enemies for its friends, and regard its friends as its enemies. Ignoranoe was the oauso of fear. Social re formers were aocused of setting class against class, but the masses and the classes were set against each other, and the Waterloo had yet to be fought. That great battle would be fought through the ballot-box, atid they would get their victory by that means. They repudiated the absurdities that the fogies of South Australia tried to ' foroe upon them that they wanted equality. It was not equality they wanted; . it fras equity. The first olause of the Danish Constitution of 1819 read-"From this day forth there shall be no privilege attached to birth, rank, or fortune. They should never rest until arbitrary and artifioial distinctions were put away. He claimed that there was in South Australia a sohool who believed in justice, who refused to have one kind of morality for individuals and another for tha nations, and were not afraid of applying Christian ethios to land and every other ques tion. He referred to the advance of the re form movement, whioh was gradually taking place all over the colony. It had been stated that their hopes and aims were Utopian, and were beautiful in theory '? but if they were Utopian he asked in all seriousness, "What and where is Christianity ?" The lecture was interspersed with many little anecdotes, which were greatly appreciated, and applause was frequent throughout. Mr. J. MEDWAY Day Baid he bad a reso lution which, although not a direct vote of thanks to the leoturer, would, be thought, be taken by that gentleman as such. It was-"That this meeting strongly protests against any attempts to grant the rights over any portions of the Crown lands of the colony to a Syndicate for speculative purposes." His special reason for mo vine itwaa that ho had been led to believe that negotiations bad been going on for some time, anct were now being pressed to an issue, for granting a largeseotion of land in the neighbourhood of Late Bonney to a Syndicate to establish an irrigation colony, whioh would be simply fasten ing another curse upon the country. Persons would be induced to take up land there, but at largely advanced prices, which would render it absolutely impossible for them to get a living out of it. _ Mr. C. PBOCD, in seconding the motion, thanked the lecturer for the treat he had given them, and he also thanked the ladies who had contributed to the evening's enjoyment. - The motion was carried unanimously. After th$ Rev. Mr. WIIEATLET bad shortly replied the meeting terminated. 