In the Paris Sewers. The man who is always late kept ui fifteen minutes sitting there, but finally the start was made in earnest. Instantly there came the sound of rashing waters above and from all sides , it seemed about to break through upon as ; the inky river, so sluggish before we started, now gurgled np over the prows, and the whole effect was of very rapid motion. The white figures bent 'way forward over the ropes, almost running, their footfalls making a steady, unbroken accompaniment to the noise of the waters ; the air felt cold and damp about the throat and faoe. Now and then we came to openings from the street above, with a stream splashing down from them, perhaps sending a few drops of the unpleasant-looking waterfall over ns ; except- ing for this, and an occasional drip from a pipe overhead, the Freach ladies' toilettes stood in no danger. Presently a number of lights way in the distance seemed to collect in the centre of the canal over the water. Some new wonder. On reaching it, it proved to be a portion of the sewer boarded over into a platform. It was brilliantly lighted, with officials in uni- forms walking up and down, chatting airily, as if a sewer were as ordinary and agreeable a promenading place at the Boulevard des Italienes. "We were quickly pulled up, and politely handed out upon this unique salle d'attente, whereupon every tongue, silent heretofore, broke out in a perfect babel of speech, like the noise ensuing npon the fall or the cnrtainjflfter-the-.firat-aot^>f-a-new~plày7" When all the boats were emptied, it was quite crowded in the little reception room. We were at the junction of four sewers, the two running in opposite directions from the way we had come being much narrower, and in total darkness. One instinctively disliked the idea of disappearing into these mouths, like entrances to hades, but there was no way out but on. The people walked up and down, the different languages sounding strangely Suddenly a new noise added itself to all the others. It was like distant thunder, gradu- ally growing louder and nearer. What undergronnd world had we come into P From out the black opening carne some kind of cars (the like never seen before), drawn by more white ghosts, filled with more ladies and gentlemen. Eaob stopped in front of as; passengers alighted ; were banded over to the boats we had just vacated ; so on till all the oars were empty. Then we were as quiokly handed into them, and started off in silent astonishment once more, while the boats dis- appeared from sight back in the direction we had come in them. The cars we now found ourselves in had seats across the front, and others hack to back. How the tracks were laid it was im- possible to see, but we went very swiftly, drawn by one or two men to a ear ; a long pole extended ont in front, with a cross-bar at the end, which a man on either Bide took hold of and pushed. It was now not only much narrower and blacker, bnt colder and damper; no pipes anywhere; no lights ahead ; nothing to see but two white figures pashing us into apparently endless darkness. How fast they went, seemingly without an effort, never once slackening speed ! Finally a tiny point of light did appear, looking thousands of miles away, and just as my head began to throb painfully from the_dampness -and "iiícreTisiñg'bad- odours, and some were complaining of sore throatB. It was a wonderful and interesting experi- ence, bat we were glad to see that point of light. Suddenly it went out, showing we must have turned a corner. Another five minutes or se and we found ourselves at the junction of an immense sewer brilliantly lighted with gas. It must have been twenty feet wide and equally high, filled with gigantic pipes, and the noise of rushing water was -deafening. The ears were turned on a switch without our moving, and wa branched off down this new wonder, this Avenue de l'Opera of sewers, for half a mile- or more, when from somewhere the light" of day seemed to be struggling thinly down, mingling with the gas and electricity, like one's first awakening sensations after a bad dream. We saw the first car stationary, people unloading, and with a sigh of some regret, bat more relief, knew it was over. 