AN INTERESTING CASE. DISTURBING A CHURCH SERVICE. £A tne vJity police vJourt on Monday morn ing Charles West, an elderly, respectable, well-dressed man, carrying a. bouquet in one hand and wearing another large one in the front of his black tail coat, was charged with being a pauper lunatic. Constable Beekmann said he saw the de fendant at St. Peter's Cathedral at 8.20 on Sunday morning, and when charging him with the offence he said — 'I am not disturbing the -congregation, I am God's son, my name is Jesus Christ. I take this deliberate action in order to be brought before the bench, as I want to have the cause stirred up.' Peter Martin, one of tbe congregation, said that when the sacrament was being adminis tered West walked up the aisle gesticn lating, saying that the sacrament was being carried out all wrong and that it was not only unnecessary but also a sin. The prisoner — 'Which it is.::) The service had to be stopped on account of his conduct. The defendant, when asked for an explana tion, spoke in a quiet, sensible, and gentle manly manner and said — 'I am obliged by a sense of duty to act in the manner I have done. It is a sin for ministers to offer the precioup blood oE Christ as a sacrifice when they reject my evidence that I am the anointed, the Son of God, chosen to restore the personal reign of the Saviour upon earth. You have received a letter, sir, from me on the subject, and the Chief JuBtice has this matter in contemplation.' The defendant was referred to Dr. Ewbank for examination, but was pronunced sane. The following statement was handed to the S.M. by Mr. West : — ' To J. Gordon, Esq., presiding magistrate of Adelaide Police Court. Dear sir— I have been compelled by a deep sense of the great responsibility resting upon me to live for the glory of God and the welfare of my fellow-creatures to take the most sacred action in the sight of God and man I can take, and which is the means of bringing me before this court of justice for the purpose of making public the great wrong I am laboring under and the terrible insult that is continually being offered to Almighty God our Heavenly Father by the leaders of the Christian Church in these colonies in offering up and pleading the atoning sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of mankind, when at the same time they are setting at naught and rejecting the special and Divine evidence supplied by the Divine power and agency of the Holy Ghost, in conjunction with the information contained in the Word of God, and brought before their attention from time to time for the pa-t 30 years by me in the form of printed, written, and verbal evidence concerning the Divine in tention of immediately removing those emblems of the personal shame and sufferings of our blessed Redeemer bjr the introduction and institution of His second manifestation and personal reign on earth, and that in con sequence of their rejection of this Divine evi dence the tacred and precious matter is looked upon and has actually been treated by the Victorian Government as if it were an insane delusion, so that the alarming sin against which our Blessed Redeemer has warned His people against the danger of committing is actually now in full operation, while this cruel rejec tion of the fruits of His own most precious, divine, long-continued, priceless information is treated with derision and rejected with con tempt, so that it is easy to see, your worship, that the great atonement wrought out by Him self is quite inefficient to cancel this cruel sin of rejecting the special work and efforts of she Holy Ghost the Comforter, which involve the glory of God and the future welfare of the whole race of mankind. Therefore I am divinely impelled to take action, your worship, so that it may be publicly known what danger the nation is really in of being visited by some manifestation of the justangerof Almighty God by reason of the commission of this great sin, also I am impelled by the fervent desires of my heart that steps may be taken to fully and righteously investigate all evidence, some of which your worship has already seen, and more of it is in the possession of his Honor Chief Justice Way, besides other evidence in possession of Revs. Fletcher and Berry, and ether leaders of the -church in these colonies. And it is my most earnest prayer and desire that your worship will consider it right that a proper examination should be made into all evidence relating to such a gloriously prospective national and important event as the second advent and personal reign of the Lord Jesus Christ oa earth.' 