'How Shall we decide the Question ?' Now, which is tho woreo— to have no appo tite for your dinner, or to havo no dinner for youappetito? Thero aro lots of pooplo on ono stdo or the other of this quoation. Whon ' good diges tion waits on appotita and health on both, that ia tho idoal attitudo of a poraon towards his moala, But most of us aro not blessod in that way ; wo oithor havo too muoh food without an appotito, or a vigorous appocito without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answnr this question differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, within roasonablo limits, it is hotter to havo an appetito without a dinner, because, Bhort of tho starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't fool like eating, stands in nood of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. Wo recently rooeived a com munication in which tho writer nays, ' I was afraid to cat.' Did ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature robot again9t tho nourishment lived on ? If tho latter, why H Let him oloar tho myatery himself. He says, ' Ia tho year 1889 I changed my work from railway portor to signalman. I had boon signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to apeak, I did not feel myaelf. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary artices oE diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appoarod to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none wa3 good. My tonguo was coated and furred, with a dark lino down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appotito poor, with pains through tho chest and shonluors, which were always right before I had eaton anything. Then I was greatly troublod with wind. It would gathor so it felt liko a ball in my throat, and act as if it woald ohoke me.' We cannot wonder that under those oiroum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. Ho adds that thoro was what he calls ' a Driokine sensation ' at his hoart. as though it were touohod with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he wan attacked with spasms, tho agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I droadod,' he says, ' tho thought of eating, and many a Bounty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. 'After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miaorablo, as if Home thing was going to happen, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he moans by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as tho loss of his position, his own doath, or the doath of somebody dear to him. This v/as duo, aa he intiuiatoB, to tho impoverished atato of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeobled by lack of nourishment. The night of thin form of illne33 is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho oroaturoa of a rostless and un governed imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he saya, ' I stuck fft mv mnrlr Fni* T hni] a mifn n.n^ fnmilv fin. pending on mo. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two yeira is past my powers of description. I am suro no one has suffered so much as I have done.' In tho latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain ia ono's own, and is always harder to boar than is ouo'a notion of his neighbour's pain. Thero ia a countless multitude who are all tho while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to oomo in touch with them. Well; tho writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment hud left him . whero i found him ho chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mothor Soigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' ho says, 'got meabottloat Mr. Langataff's, inWood lesford, and after using its contonts the ailment left me and has nevor returned since that fortunate diy. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by tho Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' George Hunt, ' Car Bottom RoaO, ' Apporley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for whit reason. 3G 