[?] . ' -3%n IM£ =5/i£f5C I (bPYRtcrfT, 1892,6? J. .p.UPPIflCOTr COMPLY" , CHAPTER L When the Indian summer hazo is hov ering over the bluffs along tho Puwneo In these droumy, sunshiny afternoons of late November, there is v. languorous spell even in soldier life, and the troop ers love to loll about tho wt<lo porchos of the barracks during their brief leisure momenta or while waiting tho trumpet call for stables. There is scarcoly a breath of air astir. Tho broad, fortilo valley under the bluffs, forest fringed along tho stream, gives forth a faint, pungent, smoky odor, and the eyo wan ders across Its softnndulations. its vistjis of alternate glade, grovo and shadowy pool, and sees it all as through some filmy, intnngiblo voiL Tho sharp out lines so characteristic of the frontier at othor seasons, giving to tho ridgo to the northwest that razorback guise that in spired tho original explorers, Kentucli- lans and Missourians, to refer to tho rungo as "Hawg Buttes," aro inollowod into softor curves. There is an echo sprito abroad in the autumn skies, for the distant whistle of tho trains, tho puff and pant of engines miles away, the rumblo of tho express as it flies across the wooden truss at Big Bend fur down tho valloy, the lowing of cattle and the tinkle of their bolls at the farms beyond tho reservation lines, the shouts and laughter of village children scouring tho stream banks for tho last of tho year's crop of "beech or butternut, tho soft laughter of tho ladies gathered in tho voramlu of tho. major's quarters, all coino floating through tho pulseless' air to the . listening ears of tho sentry dawdling hero along tho post at the western gato and distracting his atten tion from the purely military functions which- ha is called upon to perform. Over at tho guardhouse many of the men are drowsing in tho afternoon sun shine. Among tho stables the horses are standing at the picket lino, with droopad heads and lazily swishing tails. The officer of the guard, knowing the colonel to bo away on a late shooting excursion nnd the major held at home by tho demands of hospitality, has dropped into a doze while sitting bolt upright at his .wooden desk. "Mp Ondt it's mta Guthrie." Scores of the garrison proper seem in clined to follow hiB example, and. the tall, dark faced, black bearded soldier— a handsome, fellow — leaning , on tho breast-high wall over at the Oast end midway between tho hospital at tho edge of the' bluff and the' junior surgeon's quarters, his chin on his arms, his cap : pulled well down over his eyes, 6ooms to have boon stricken by tho genoral som nolency ' It is' only the ladies who are wide aWdko and alert, for' this is Nita- Guthrio's last appearnnco, so to speak. She hhs been paying a briof visit, to Dr. and Mrs. Holden, kinsfolk of hers,, but is to take tho east bound train this v6ry night!' Mi's'.' tloldon goes, too, leaving her.lord, tho junior medical officer of the station, to the mercy of tho othor worn- eri and of all tho families of somo thirty married officers stationed In this big gar rison not one is unrepresented at Major Borrien's today, for Nita Guthrie has won all hearts. But this, say those who have known her long, is an old, old story with 'Nita; she has beon doing tba snino thing for years. Thero is tang of suggestiveness about this statement; moreover, it Ls true; Miss Guthrie Ls not in tho first bloom of youtli. "Why, she must be nearly thir ty," say some of tho youngor girls and yoanger matrons, who envy her none the less tho .freshmtss, tho grace, tho win- somoness that hover about her mobilo foco; but those who are in position to know and have no reason to feel the faintest jealousy assort very positively that Nita. is not more than twenty- five. "Well, why hasn't Bho married?" is the instant query of Mrs. Vance, to whose benighted mind it over appears that be- canso a woman hasn't she cannot. "Simply becauso tho right man is yet to coino," is Mrs. Harper's oqually prompt reply. "Nita Guthrie has had moro of fers in six years than any woman 1 over heard of."' i "Then thero must bo something back of it all," responds Mrs, Vauco, whoso theories aro uot to bo lightly shaken. "Was thero somo early affair?" "My dear Mrs. Vanco, 1 havo no'doubt 1 could tell you a dozen stories, all plausi- blo, all- In activo circulation when last 1 visited Bt. Louis and saw her in society \, there, and all an uoar the truth, prob- 1 ably, as any wo could Invent here. No- body knows bnt Nita, and she won't tell." Now as tho aatmnn sun, all rod bur nished gold, is sinking to the horizon on this final day of a charming nnd memor able visit, Nita Gnthrio is bidding adion | with langhing, kindly cordiality to the | littlo coterie gathered in hor honor. To ono and all aho has tho same frank, gra- I cions manner. Over all sho throws tho samo odd magnetic spell, seeming to im press oach and every ono in turn with tho same idea, "Now, you are just tho most thoroughly delightful creature 1 havo evor mot, and 1 cannot boar to say goodby to you." There Is tho lingering hand clasp, and yet not tho faintest sen timentality. Nita's blue eyes— very blue — gaze straight into those of her friends. Sho Booms to advance a step or two, bb though eagor to meet and take by tho hand each newcomer. Evon tho elders among the women find it hard to go, and as for tho girls, they linger spell bound; they cluster about her, watch ing the snnshino in her faco, the play of her features, the sparkle of hor oyea, drinking in her winsome words, hor rip pling laughter. "It's just the only chance wovo had to ourselves, Miss Nita," protests Wini fred Berrien. "Yon've been surrounded by men all tho rest of tho thno, aud wo conldn't see you now if it weren't that thoy had to bo In' stablos. Oh, if yon only didn't have to go tonight!" "Indeed, Winnlo, I don't want to go. It Beems to ino nothing can be more de lightful than life in an army post like this. Certainly no girl ever had abetter timo anywhere than you havo given me here, and it is so unlike what I fancied U might be." : "It Is entirely unlike what life on tho frontier used to be, Miss Guthrie," on- Bwors hor hostess, the major's wife, in her calm, placid way. "Any ono con trasting our beatitude of today with our life here, thoro and everywhere over the west during tho Indian campaigns in which tho regiment was incessantly en gaged can only wonder how wo fonnd it possible to exist in those days. Social conditions huve changed, too, and in the gathering of our troops in larger gar risons a groat many of the unpleasant features of tho old lifo have beon elim inated entirely. Indeed, 1 wish you might stay and see moro of us. But yon are coming again, are you not?" "If wishing will bring it about I shall bo with yon again with tho coming sum mer or early in tho spring. 1 have prom ised Mrs. Holdon that 1 ufill return to hor if only for a fortnight." Tho . enthusiasm excited among the girls and apparently Bliared by all the women present when this announcement is made' ought certainly to convince Miss Gnthrio that thoy most relnctontly. part with- her how- and most pleasantly anticipate. . her future coming. The claihor of voices is such that for a timo no tifid'fk conscious of tho fact that out on thb'parade tho regimontul lino has formed,' and-' that the -band Is already trooping, down tho front. Berrien hnd . taken his position as. commanding offi cer. ' Several- subalterns, whoso heads were kept rigidly straight to tho front, fonnd their' eyes wandoring furtivoly over- toward the major's quarters. In couples and groups a.numbor of the la- dles come Sauntering forth, gathering \- dppbsite tho center dearer the colonel'b honso; from which' point they gonorally watched the closing ceremony of the day. But still oblivious to any music but that of her voice a dozen of their number hovor about Miss Gutlirio. Even gunfire fails to distfact their attention. It is not until the major himself returns, tossing off his helmet and tugging at his waistbelt, that thoy realize that parade is over and dinner waiting, "Now, yOn will coino back next spring?"' "Yon will write?" "You won't forget to send me tho photograph — mind, cabinet, size — Miss Nita?" "Indeed if over I get' anywbere near St. Louis you'll bo the first soul I shall come in search of." It is a littlo flock of enthusiastic army girls surrounding her, maidens whose early lives had beon spont wandering from river to mountain, from the gull to tho Columbia, to whom city life was almost a revelation, nnd city belles be ings from another world. Winifred Berrion Is tho londor of the coterie, a girl Whoso eyes aro as dark as Nita's uro bine, and thoy uro ready to brim over at this very instant. "Hero comes Captain Rolfe for yon now, and wo'vo got to lot you go; bnt we'll all bo down to soo you off at train lime." The man who enters at tho moment and stands just within tho heavy Nava jo portiero, smilingly looking upon tlis group and quite unconscious of tho ul- most vengeful glances iu tho oyes of tho J young girls, is a cavalry officer about I tliirty-fivo years of age. Ho is a tall fel- I low, somowhat hoavily built, yot well proportioned and athlotic. His foco is tannod by long oxposuro to tho sun and wind of tho wido frontier. His brown | hair, close cropped, lias a suspicion of gray just Bilvorbig tho temples. His eyebrows aro thick and' Strongly marked. Tho eyes beneath aro deep eot and fringed with heavy lashes. Tho mus- tacho, sweoping from U1b upper hp, is ot , a lighter brown than bis hair, but . oqually thick, hoavy and curling. Other- . wise his fnco is smoothly shaved, and is one which impresses those who look upon it, ovon carelessly , as etroug and ; resolute. Mo still wears . . 1 doublo i broaBted coat, with shoulder knots and i fourragero, just as ho had come off ' parade, though ho has oxchanged hel- met for forngo cap, which latter head gear at this moment is being dandled in one hand, while the fingers of the other beat rapid tattoo upon the visor. Com rades of Rolfo would tell you this is a 6ign that bo is nervous; yet to look nfc him thoro, smiling upon the group, quite as though remarking what a pretty pic ture thoy make, no one else would be apt to think of such a thing. "Ready in a moment, Rolfe," shonto the major from an inner room. "You ready, Borengaria?" "1 am alwayB ready, Richard, ns yoa well know," is Mrs. Borrien's placid re sponse. "I think I nover kopt yon wait ing so much ns a moment." "Promptest woman in tho army or out of it," booms tho major from his sanctum, his jovial voice resounding through tho rooms of the bright garri son homo. "Never know anything like it, Miss Guthrie. Why, do you know, even when 1 wasn't half proposing she never let me finish Hie sentence! 'Twasn't at nil what I was going to nsk hor — that day, at least. Meant to ovontunlly, of courso, if I over could muster np courngo, bnt this timo 1 had only fuund grit enough to nsk for her pictnro, and I was ougaged in less than ten seconds." Wiunio Berrien rushes from tho par lor into the paternal den, voluble with protestations against such scandalous stories at mnmma's expense; bnt Mrs. Berrien, Blowly fanning herself, remains calmly seated, as though impervious to theso damaging shots, at which every body olso is laughing merrily. "Possibly you don't beliovo mo," again booms tho major, his jolly red faco aglow, ns ho is dragged forth from the don, still struggling with tho sleeve links of his cuff. "Winifred, my child, nnhand me. You'll never bring your old father's gray hairs in sorrow to tho grave by snob unwomanly precipitancy, unless it's a civilian with ten thousand a year: will yon, dearest? Miss Gnthrio, I never expect to ho a rich man. I hadn't as many dollars when 1 fell in lovo with Miss Do Lnncy ns I had but tons, and we only wore single breasted coats in those days, and I was the junior oaptain. I pledge yon my word I never wonld have had tho cheek to offer my self. 'Twos the woman did it. I was going away for a week, and I said, 'Yon can give mo one tiling, if you wilL' I only meant to beg for that picture, and, by Jovot sho slipped her hand into mine. I was shaking all over. 'I — b-bog par don,' 1 stammered, 'I was only going to —beg for your p-p-p ' 'My promise? said Borengaria, Bweetly, looking np into my oyes. 'You have It, Richard.' Prompt? Why, she just jumped at me. Splendid arrangement, though, Miss Gnthrio. She furniBhed the quarters and all the money, and I the vivacity and beauty of the household, until Win nie came; She' contributes a lftflo toward it now. But we're a model couple, aren't we, Borengaria?' And tho major bonds with playful tenderness, the fun spar kling in his eyes meanwhile, and kisses his handsome helmnoot's rosy cheak. "We have few crosses, cdrtalnly," re plies Mrs. Berrien, whose own name is anything bnt Berongaria, that boing, as she is frequently called npou to explain, some of the major's historical nonsense. "We havo few crosses, and those of course I bear. Bnt now," she continues, with much decision of manner, "if you are partially restored to sanity wo will go, or keep dinner longer waiting. Miss Gnthrie, do they nllow lunatics at large in tho streets of St. Louis? Major Ber rien spoke of getting a month's loavo this wintor ond going thither." "Oh, send him by all means, and ho shall bo treated at our own asylum. Father would rejoice in him — as I do, Mrs. Berrien." "And shall I got tho colonel to detail Rolfo hero to conduot me thither and turn mo over to the asylum authorities?" queries tho major, with a knowing cock of tho head. "Rolfo hates city life as a foneral thing, bnt ho wonld accept that uty, 1 fancy." "Captain Rolfe will he very welcome. Indeed, I only wish yon might bring the whole regiment, major. Just think what a good timo tho girls would have this wintor if that were only possible." "Berongnria saya," bursts iu tho major again, "that if I only show you proper attention on this visit yon'll be sure to send ns invitations to bring tho whole family and spend six weeks at least." "Fothor, you outrageous fibber!" gasps Winifred, rushing at him and plaoing one slim hand upon his mouth, while twining the othor, with ita soft, whita arm, about his neck. "Indeed, Miss Guthrie, you must bo told that futhor is perpetually poking fun at mother, making her say all manner of things she nover thought of. It is all ' woll enough iu the regiment, where people andorstand it and are prepared for his nonsenBO, bnt many strangers are completely deceived at times, nnd mamma nover so much as remon strates." Evidently mamma does not consider it worth while. "It would bo wasting timo, Alias Gnthrio, ond we are wasting timo as it Is. Captain Hazlutt will never forgiv.- yon, Major Borrieu, if yon koop dinner waiting another minnto. Captain Rolfo. will yon escort Miss Guthrie? Come, Riclinrd, march!" "After you, Rolfo," says tho major, with a bow of extra coremouy, "Aftei you." "Before them, if you pluaso, you blind goose!" whispers his heller hail. "Haven't you cense enough lo at ht, wants to upoal: witli iier acl thai t'Uir, inny bo the only opportunity?' "What! Rolfo wants to talk with hor? Why, Mitts Guthrie," ho hooma aloud, "1 hadn't tho faintest 1-lr.a" — But lioro tho wife of his bosom Inj t: firm hand upon his sunburned 'tar "t.'al fuUly uiarcheB lniu forth upon the vi-Uui-Li. Miss Guthvie would lude.vl luiTO Lsci. glad to load, but L-tollVa hand, trem bling slightly, as she cannot but note, in laid npou her wrist, rrft.rni'iing hor. "Why didn't you toll :t-> you wanted , to talk with Rolfe, Miss Guthrie.'" queries tho . major over his with every apiK.yr.noof coern. 1 could hnro OxeJ 'tall (or J ou. i "Silence, Dick," sternly murmurs Mrs. Berrien. "There is no fun In this affair, and I warn you — not another word." Twilight has fallen upon the garrison ! lis -tlioy stroll across the parade. The men have vanished from the scene, but the tinkle . of guitar and banjo tells I where they have gathered. Most of tho j officers are at dinner. One or two ! couples are just entering tho gatoway of j Hazlett's quarters — guests invited to meet tho fair visitor on this tho last evening of her stay. Dr. and Mrs. Holdon can bo seen among them, Mrs. Holden gazing somowhat anxiously at Nina and kor escort, for it is plain that' Rolfo seeks to detain tho woman to whom ho has paid such unusual and, do- voted attention ever since the hour of her arrival. . Silence and peace havo spread their wings abroad, hovering w.ith the twilight over the broad reser vation, and tho Berriens, walking rapid- . ly now, as the: cnorgetic lady can lead her expostulating sjiouec, come suddenly . upon tho sight of tho great golden moon . rising above tho distant bluffs and peer-' ing in upon tho garrison throngh the wide spaco that interposes botween tho surgeon's quarters and tho bnrracks at tho east end. "Noiv thero is something Miss Guth rie really must see," says Borrion, halt ing short.. " As one of her admirers and . entertainers, I feel hound to call her at tention to it." "Dick! — stupid! — move on . at once." You must not speak to hor now. Can't yoasee?" . ., "See? Of course I see, and I want her to seo— -that's why I stop.'! Again half teasingly, ho attempts to turn as though bent on looking back. Sho promptly whirls him about and faces him in tho proper direction. ' "Oh," ho persista, "if it is something about her you rwanted to me to see, can't yon understand that . I havo no eyes in the back of my head and that therefore I should bo allowed ' to look about.'! : j , '(You see, sir, and understand the'sit- uation perfectly well as it is. ' You're simply bent on mischief. Von -know that Rolfo has been her shadow all day. long, hanging about her to say .-his say. He knows this to be his, lost chance. : Everybody will be -there tho moment . dinner is over. Everybody will " sur round her, and unless ho speaks now ho must let her go without a word.!' "Berengaria, you amaze mo! Are you conniving at his capture? Didn't you : tell me you knew sho wouldn't have him?" i . "I did; I know it now; but ho is a man who wants to hear his fate from her own. lips and plead his cause, too, like a man, unless I am' very much mis taken in him. . No; sir, don't you . dare look back." "Poor devil! Why couldn't ho wait till after dinner? she might be in softer mood then. I always am. That's why you always wait till after dinner, I pre sume, when you havo anything special to ask. Now this will take his appetite away entirely." "As if he had any in the first placet Positively,' Richard, you have no soul" above a dinner. ' When a man is as des perately- in love as Rolfe, do you suppose ho cares much what he eate?" "Well, 'seems to ino'T was never -off my feed/Ms Berrien's reply with preter natural : gravity, looking straight to the front now and refusing to meet his wife's dark eyes. . . "Youl" with fine scorn. "You! Why, Richard Berrien, with all your amiable qualities of heart and weaknesses of head no one on earth would ever asso- ' ciate you and sentiment in tho same breath. Of course you and your appe- tito are inseparable; but Rolfe is differ ent; ho is a lover." ; "Well, what am I?" ' "You are simply a goose tonight. Come, don't stop at tho gate now; push right on into the house after the Hold- ens. I'll run up to Mrs. Hazlett's room . with Nita."" - ... A dozen of the fort people only have been bidden to dinner, for hardly a din ing room ot the ' post is big enough for more, and on the porch anxiously awaits . .ing the coming of his guests is Hazlett. "Where are Rolfe and Miss Guthrie?" asks he as men will ask. "All here now \- but them." . . "Coming at onco; only a few steps behind us," promptly answers Mrs. Ber rien. "Run in,' major; Til wait for Nita." Berrien looks as though ho medi tated a mischievous 'remark, but some- thing in her voice and manner tells him that instant obedience is expected.' . Ho gives one quick glance and steps into the hall. Presently, while chatting with others of the arriving party, he is conscious of the swish of skirts passing up tho stair way. The door to the veranda is still open, and glancing out-Bcrrien can seo Rolfo alone leaning against one of tho wooden pillars, his head drooping as though plunged in deep thought. "Poor old chap! he's got his congo to night, and that's the end of his two years' romance. Odd 'about that girl. Sho' fancies nobody." ' . Three hours later, tho moon being' well up in the heavens now, and the whole parade shining revealed almost as bright as1 day, both the verandas and the parlor of Hazlett's cozy home. are. thronged with officers aud ladies, chat ting merrily together. The lights aro still blazing in the barracks. Tho trum- , peters in full force are grouped about tho flagstaff sounding the lost notes of tattoo. Tho Holdens havo borno Miss Guthrie away with them, that the ladies might stow their evening gowns in the. waiting Saratogas and then don their traveling garb while the quartermnstor's . big -wagon trundles tho luggage down to tho railway station. Presently this lum bering vehicle can he seen slowly roll- ing away trom the Holdens' gato, and everybody at Hazlett's waits Impatient ly for tho return of the party. Mrs. . Holden is deservedly a favorite in tho garrison, aud Nita Guthrie,- as has been said, has won golden opinions. Tho evening air is growing chill, however, and of tho dozen ladies presont only tho younger, tho girls, remain longer upon the veranda. _ About this pretty group, laughing and chatting, are four or five of the younger officers, Brewster, "the sweU of the Bubs," keeping close to Winifred Ber rien, and claiming more and more of tho glances of her big dark eyes. Down at the gate, tho moonlight glinting on his polished saber, tho officer of the day is. .. exchanging a few low toiied words with Major Berrien. Rolfo, who with silent j and dogged resolution has taken his place at Miss Guthrie's side as she came down tho atairs and escorted her to tho doctor's, has tnrued from there and gone slowly across the parade to his own quarters on the other side." Everybody Seems to seo and know what has hap pened, and jnany half whispered coin- uionta are being made, not all in sym- lthy with tho willowod lover. Every- ' 'dy respects Rolfo, yet among the unger officers are several who feel no irmth of friendship for him, and, as ,-twcen man and man, garrison girls an only side with tho youngsters. Their story .of, their slight differences is sometimes .told again, and again; the elders' seldom, for theirs would hardly be believed, Little by little the chat and langhter subside. . .. k "Oh, why; doesn't' she conio back?" pouts Miss' Berrien. "The ambulances will 1)0 here in less than half oh hour, and we;wbn't see' anything of her." A chorus of girlish. voices echoes Winifred's views.. Mrs. Berrien . and Mrs., Parker at this moment come forth from tho . bouse and look expectantly up.tho road; "How long they; are!", says Winnie' again.. "Whatcan koop them, mamma?"- "Packing, I doubt not, my child." - "But the wagon's gouo, trnuks and alL : It can't be that." ' , "Still, I would not fret 'about fit, Win nie. Has sho not promised to! como next spring and pay us a long visit?" . "Yes, but who knows where.'we' may all bo next spring, or what may happen meantime? Every paper we, g$t is full of .Btories of the' glioBt dances among the Sioux, and if there should be .another In dian war" — - . ; ' "Nonsense, .Winifred! Don't think of Buohn thing. After all this regiment has. had! to suffer in Indian battle, you don't suppose we, of all others, would bo sent from here to a winter campaign in tho northern department? We've seen the laat of such troubles, God be thankedl" Major Berrien, his interview with the officer of the day ended, has just started to rejoin the group on the veranda when ,he hears his wife's pious words.' He whirls around sharply. "Oh, captain,, there's ono thing I for got to tell you." . And the saber of the officer of tho day clanks against his leg as Captain Porter Faces about. The younger officers go on with their blithe chat; but Mrs. Berrien has known her lord twenty long years, and no sooner has the officer of , thq day departod than she hastens to join him. "Dick," she falters, "surely, yon do not belie vo that there is any chance of the Twelfth going, even if there should bo trouble? Dick, tell mo," , "Berengaria, beloved inquisitor," he begins, "I didn't even know there was a row anywhere," . f \ But she rpbukes him by asingle glanco. "Tell me, Dick," she persists, and clings, to liis arm. "Yon don'tthink, after all we've been through, that, now that we are so happily settlod hero, there! is a possibility .of Buch a thing? ; It Isn't, only for myself noiy. , It's — it would mean more to Winifred than either of us dreams of." ... \ Ho looks at her In siipnee and amaze. Then — then comes sudden distraction. On tho stillness of night there rises a scream of terror — a woman's voice up lifted iu the expression of an awfnl shook and agony. Tlion a dash toward Holden's quarters, every man joining. "My GodI" shouts Berrien, "it's Nita Guthrie." Following the rush of , soldiers' feet, half a dozen ladies, too, bare hastened, Winifred Berrien foremost of tho lot. At the head of the stairs, on tho landing of the second floor, dressed for her jour ney, lies the fair guest of the regiment, a senseless heap, with the blood flowing from underneath her pallid face. CHAPTER H. "When did yon shave off - your beard, seraeantf" Indian summer was over aqd done with. -The soft haze hail gono. For three days the wind had been blowing hard from tho northwest and the air was as clear as an Arizona sky, tho dis tant outlines sharp as the tooth of the prairie blast. Colonol Farquhnr had suddenly broken off his shooting trip, and, without saying why, returned to the post. Captain Rolfo had "cnt" the elnb. once a favorite resort, and was much in Dr. Holden's company— Holden, who was lonely enough now that his wife and little ones were gone. Through out tho garrison thoro was one leading topic for conversation and conjecture — Miss Guthrie's Btrange adventure' tho night of her intended departure and her equally strango conduct thereafter. ' She miA remained senseless but a few mo- 1 had Taiecd raQ ker . to tho boa. in tho room eho was evidently just about entering when suddenly halt ed by some mysterious cause. Hero I when restored to consciousness, an al most hysterical attack of lnnghing and weeping had followed upon her brostro- . tion. Bhe' insisted on attempting to rise and go to thb train, as originally planned; but this Holden positively forbade. He had succeeded in stunohing the flow of tho blood from a jagged out near tho temple, aud conld suggest ready theory "as to tho cause thereof — in falling sho had probably struck tho edge of the lit tle wooden post at the top of tho balus- tors — but beyond this explanation there wub absolutely nothing. Nita Guthrie would only account for her sudden ter ror by the half nervous, half laughing statement thut she thought she saw a ghost, had played tho coward and curued to run. But'to- 'tho" trained ' physician It was evident sho had received a severe shack. Despite horplendings Dr. Holdon iind re fused to allow hor to attempt the jour ney until three days had elapsed, during which time, though she laughed at him and laughed at hersolf, her condition continued so norvoun and excitable that ho would not permit visitors to seo hor This was pretty hard treatment, thought her many lady frieuds at the post, but he was wiso and they could only obey When tho eveniug camo for tho dopar tnro a large contingent, ladieR 'and ofli cers both, assombled to say farewell, and Nita. Mrs. Holden, each of tho children and oven the nurse could have had two or three escorts to tho train. But no one had opportunity to say much to the con- : tral figure of all thiB sympathetic inter est.. Only ut the last moment did she appear, and was ushered almost instant ly to the waiting carriage by Holden who hnd only snmmonod her when vigi lant eyes had reported tho headlight ot the express visible far up the valley But then down at the dark platform of tho station faithful, sad faced Rolfo was waiting, and in the minute or two that intervened before tho huge train came glaring, hisBiug aud thundering along side he managed to have a word or two with her. Mrs. Vance, had she been present, might havo vowed that Nita shrank and clung to Holden'B arm, but others who were thero saw hor extend hor gloved hand cordially, saw that Rolfe clung to it an instant — charitable others who could only wave adieu, for the party was hurried aboard, and away went the ex press, the tail lights of the rear sleeper disappearing in tho dripping gloom around the bend, for, as though in sym pathy with the luourniug of the post,, a drizzling rain had begun to fall just' after retreat. Rolfe, gazing after them to tho last, wore that look seen on the face of many another mu'n many another : time. Thero can be few sensations morn dismal than that of watching the disup- pearing lights of tho train that beam away one'B best , beloved, especially iu : the eyes of him who stands rejected. , "Let me drive you home, Rolfe." said ; Holden kindly. "Two of a kind," was his mental additiou. And Rolfo turued . slowly a way. neither man saying an other word until once more they stood at the gate of the now deserted home. . .!'Gomo iu and .have a pipe." "Thanks, not— now, -doctor." A long wistful pause, then— ' Well, good night."1, "Good night, old man. Dome when you; will: I'U.be, lonely-how." And the doctor stood and gazed after him long and earnestly as tho captain strode into1 the darkness out over. the parade. Within the days that followed, when he had leisure to think it all over, Holden felt his perplexities increase. Up to the very last Nita had persisted in her state ment that nothiug had happened to war rant the absurd exhibition she bud made of herself. "I was overwrought, nerv ous, unstrung," she said. "I had not been feeling quite well. I hud run up to tho room for my gloves, which 1 had left upon tho tablo. 1 had not reached the door, and it was just tho waving of those whito curtains in the.' draft from the side window. I must havo thought 1 saw a ghost, and, like a fool, I scream ed and tripped, and — voilu tout" But Holdeu-. had known her for six years and felt well ussured sho was not of the stuff that is easily stricken with terror. Witli every confidence , in her veracity in general ho did. not in the least believe her now. The more he studied the matter he felt that she wus hiding something from them one aud all, oven from Jennie, whom she dearly loved arid whom ordinarily she frankly trusted. It was evident that ' Jennie, too, believed, as did her husband, the doctor, that there was something behind it all. Bat Jennie was gone, and, except Eossibly Rolfo, thero was ho one to aid im in his Bearch after tho truth. Uolfe's heart was now 'so shrouded in its own gloom that any phuso of trugedy. seemed credible. Rolfe evidently wanted to know Holden's suspicions or surmises, and again and again led up to tho sub ject; but of all men iu the garrison, much as he esteemed him, Rolfo seamed hardly. the mau to make a confidant of how. .Was he hot Nita'e avowed though rejected. lover? Or course, no time had been lost in making investigation on tho night of tho occurrence. Even while the doctor and others were raising the nnconscions girl from the floor, half a dozen oificors wore scouring tho promises for signs of intrndora and had found absolutely nothing. Tho room occupied by MisB Guthrie in the doctor's house was inline-' diately to tho left at the head of the stairs. The hall was broad, tho lauding roomy. It was one of the oldest sets of quarters at tho post, and an oddity In its way. Entering the door of the rear room on the east, three windows ap peared, two opening at the back and ono at tho side. The two at tho back looked out over the roof of tho rear porch. It was perfectly practicable for any one with a ladder to have clambered to this roof, and, had tho blinds been open, peered in the windows at the occu pant. But there was no ladder. What was more, tho blinds were tight shut and bolted on the inside. Tho shades within were drawn down, and the luce curtains looped over each. Botween them stood a long, old fash ioned mirror above tho toilet table draped with lace curtains very much as were the windows themBoivoa. No ono from without could havo boon vtemio to I olio ivithta conld lony ono within. No on withduu ' 1 havo been seen by any Moreover, tho Holdens' cook— Ml Indom- I itablo Irishwoman— was on the back porch at tho moment of MissGnthrioa fright Baying good night to Corporal Murphy, who' had long been Kathleen s devoted admirer, and both stood ready to swear that nobody 'was on that roof. The rear windows thus disposed of, tho doctor had turned his attention to tho : window at tho Bido, nnd bore there was possibility of explanation. | As has been said, tho Holdens' house was one of tho oldeBt at tho old frontier fort, bnt so solidly and substantially had it beon built that, when others were con- . domned and ordered replaced along the i row, the authorities had decided to re tain "Bayard Hall." It was originally a doublo Sot, with hallway in common, intended for tho use of four bachelor officers, each to havo his two rooms, thero being four rooms on tho first and four on the second floor, while the kitchen and servants' rooms were placed in a , wooden addition at the rear. The ground fell away rapidly from tho front piazza, so that while tho first floor front- was bnt a few stops higher than the walk, the roar porch was u full story above tho. .-.ground, giving abundant space for storerooms, etc., under that part of tho house, and- necessitating a flight of a dozen steps to roach tho porch or the kitchen doorway. Around the front and sides of tho second story thero j ran originally a broad gallery, but this j was before tho days of the war of tho re bellion, during which tho post was lit- I tlo uBed, nnd when, after cortuin repairs . and alterations, tlio houso was declared assignable 08 family quarters, tho old | wooden gallery had beon condemned ; and torn down. Nevertheless, the beams j which were its support on tho east were , found solid nnd firm, 1 | They projected through tho wall of ; rough hewn atone, and an old time qnar- j tennaster, eelecting the houso for ihis own use, had thrown a light gallery out upon them. It mode such a convenient place for flower pots, shrubs, bathtubs and things of that description, said -ho. Furthermore it was a place where ho could go in the warm evenings and smoke and sip his toddy with his .chosen associates, and not hnvo every garrison gabbler crowding in to -disturb their chat and absorb Ilia precious Mononga- hola. Tho gallery had no roof, was only five feat wide and was inaccessible except through this ono window, which the un sociable major had had cnt down level with tho floor. . "Robbers' Roost" the disdainful subalterns used to call it in tho days when bluff old Blitz hod occu pied tho quarters and barred out all but his chums, and by tho same utiuio was it known when Holden moved in with his wife and olive branches nnd took up his abode there a few years beforo the open ing of this story. When the Eleventh marched out and the Twelfth came in. Colonel Farqnhar, , finding the doctor In possession, decided \- that the Holdens should not bo disturbed — that there was abundant room for others in the now quarters. The Hol dens entertained ii great deaL Pleasant people )vero visiting them month after : month, and everybody in the Twelfth blessed them fair tho brightness and gay- ety their presence lent to the garrison. A' sterling fellow was Holden, one of tho best men in one of the very best corps, personally and professionally, in our lit tle army; and as for his wife, an accom plished society woman, a St. Louis belle, still in the beydey of youthful woman hood, everybody in tho garrison dolighfc- od in her friendship and kindliness. : There was no more popular parlor than Holden's, and night after night the young officers gathered thoro. But "Robbers' Roost" bad fallou into disuse. The glass door was generally shut, and the Vene tian blinds with which old Blitz had decorated it wore ordinarily closed ex cept when this, ono of thoir two guest chambers, was occupied. Shades dnd lace curtains similar to thosoiat tho rear windowB drapod it within, so that from the interior this side door presented {al most the same appearance as the win dows themselves, and it Btood directly opposite the hall door. . Bnt Miss Guthrie had become enthnsi- astio crver the lovely view down tho Pawnee valley from that side gallery. She was frequently to be seen there. She hod gone out for one farewoll look as the valley lay flooded in the light of the full moon, and this was immediately ofjter- changing her dress. She was exclaiming over its beauty oa arrayed for her joW- noy she came dancing down tho stairs to . join her hostess and the excited children in the parlor. Sho suddenly missed her gloves, remembered that she had left them in her room, bad scurried up the stairs, had ' reached tho landing at tho top, but never entered her room at all, when there Was heard that awful shriek of terror and a heavy fall. Holden at the instant was in his own room, the rear room on tho opposite side of tho house, and was changing his best uni form into something more suitable for a run down to the railway. This had delayed him a socond or two, so that Browstor and Randolph, two of tho most active of tho junior oificors, were foremost at his heels as he flow up the stairs. His first care was for Nita, but the youngsters hod bounded into the room and out on tho gallery, as though expecting to overtake soma intruder there. The side door was wide open, tho shade up, tho lace ourtains drawn apart. If any ono bad -boon in tbo room escape to the gallery was easy enongh, bnt from there there was practically none except by a leap of fifteen or twenty feet to the' hard ground below. No ono had run out, either front or back, for Murphy and the Irish cook were at the rear on the east siae, tne rusnnig swarm or officers at the front. If any - one hod hidden there escapo unobserved was well nigh impossible. No ono was found — no trace of anyone. Indeed, when Nita was per mitted to talk sho vowed that no one had been there. She herself hod left the blinds; door and curtains open as she came in from the, moonlit gallery, had turned out her lamp aud deeceudod the stairs. The gallery doorway could not bo Boon from whore : she fell, and OS all vrna dacknees in tbo -room Itsolfi bow i conld nbo havo seen any ono? i on the gallory, cil:coarso, any ona would have been revealed, thanks to the brilliancy of the full moon, almost as in tho broad glare of day; but. ono hod to bo at tbo hall door or in tho square room . Itself in order to see tho gallery at nil, and Nita declared, na beforo, that sho had not reached the door. What she fancied was a ghost, bathed in a pnlo, cold light, was probably the white curtains of tho rear windows. But tho light-whence 'came that? , Tho possibility of any one having been in the room was not entertained. Prompt and thorough search had been made in every nook and corner of tho the upper story. The rooms of tho nurse and children were on tho westward side of tho hall, and tho nurse was in ono of . them, putting on her hat; at tho very rnomeut. The front room on tho east was unoccupied, Nita had chosen tho othor because of that gallery and its lovely viow. Thon there was tho roar - .d ope of the main roof obove tho gal- j lery. That, thought Holden, might , hiive offered a way of escape, bocause it | was out of sight from tho parade. | But Brewster aud Randolph had both essayed to reach tho eaves, aud oven when standing on tho roiling conld hare- Iy touch them with tho tips of thoir fingers. Then, again, a Bentry walked aloug tho edge of tho slope lending to tho rivor bottom south of the long row of oificors' quarters and close behind tho rear fence, but ho was ot the eventful momont well dowu the row boyond Haz- | lott's houso, wlioreas Dr. Holden's was at tho eastern end of tho line. Tho moon shone full agahiBt tho back fence, said tho sentry, aud he was sure ho would hnvo soen ouybody who ran out of the gato of tho doetoris yard, and the first who appeared wore the searching offi cers, Corporal Murphy with them. Sev- , eral men had then come running from the direction of the laundresses' qnar- , ters to the west, and after tliom Sor- j geant Ellis. Indeod, it was Ellis who first suggested a search of the roof by ' moans of a ladder. JEIo waa sergeant in | charge of the firo apparatus kept in j that long, low building at the east end, and had the keys of tho door. -It "was by his aid that some of tho junior oificors made a thorough oxam- ation of the roof and the front porch. No more signs there than had hitherto been found.. No, ,the sentry -.on the south post was confident that no man came out of Holden's yard until he got to the gate, whither ho had run tho in stant ho heard tho cry. Ho thought it might bo a lamp explosion or si fire, and be was watching with eager oyes. He had been on post nearly two hours when the alarm came, and, except Corporal ;Murphy and the quartermaster's men who took the trunks, he had not seen or heard a man about the promises. Kath leen, the nursemaid, and tho children hod been home all the evening, and they had neither seen nor hoard anybody. Captain Rolfe,. nnablo to sloop, and making tbe rounds on his owu account about ono o'clock, found- tho sentry of tho third reliof gazing curiously in' at tho open bock gate, and questioned him as to what excited his attention. . "Nothing, Bir," was tho prompt reply of " the trooper. ,as_ he throw, his carbine to the position. of; "arms port. "-"I was Bimply wondering -how-nny man could have ventured in there this bright night and expected- to got out '''unseen,' es pecially early in the - evening, when men aro passing; to and fro all thp time."' ........ "What miido yon think any one had beon there?" asked tho captain- quietly. "Everybody has heard by this time that there was a search made, and that tho- young- lady had soen something to frighten her. Besides, Sergeant Ellis spoke of it to mo an hour ago." "What" was the sergeant doing on your post at midnight?" "Why, sir, the captain remembers Sergeant Ellis is. in chargo of the flre- houso and sleeps thero. Ho camo ont h little beforo : twelve nnd Baid he'd lost his pot pipe while ho was hunting around with Lioutonant Brewster after -he brought the ladder, and 1 let him puss in, sir. - He said he'd been working there long after taps, and it would he all right. Ho fonnd the pipe, sir, right at the edge of the wood pile, yonder. He Bhowed it to me as ho cqme out." .Captain ttolfe was silent a moment. Ordinarily none of the enlisted men had any right to be away from quarters after tho "lights, ont" signal, bnt this cose was unusual. ' Furthermore, Ellis was a man superior in intelligence, & sergeant of more than a year's standing, and cue who hod beon selected for this especial duty for the very reason that, holding himself mnch aloof from the average run of the rank and file, he would bo apt to attend etriotly to his duties as custodian of tho firo house, and no one had ever heard of his abusing bis trnst. His own little room was a modol of neatness when tho command ing officer made his monthly inspection of tho garrison, and tho hoso carriage, the hook and ladder truck, tho fire buckets and other apparatus wore al ways in perfect order nnd readiness for service. No ono ever inspected Ellis' quarters at any other time. Tho guard often noticed his light after midnight, and he had tho reputation of being a good deal of a reader and student, tak-' ing books from tho post library very often, besides owning quite a number of his own. Observant officers who had glancqd about when making the inspection with Colonel Farqnhar noted that many if these were texts on mining, mining en gineering, mineralogy and geology, and Borno had gono so far as to question the sergeant as to whether hehad.over prao- tically essayed mining. With perfectly 'respectful manner Ellis replied to these -occasional queries, merely saying, "Yes, sir; bnt without success." Asked where he had made his ossay, his reply was rather vague, "In several western states and territories, sir— mainly Arizona and Colorado," Only onco had Jie displayed anything like, annoyance or Impatience under snoh . firo. He had served his three years' enlistment, was entitled to, his discharge, yet qnietly notified his treop commander that he proposed to re- enlist. - In a aomewlmt . sharp ' manner ttmt official hart whirled about. "Bergoant Ellis," said he, "if I had had your experience in mining it seems to me Fd find something different from staying in tho regular army," "Captain Gorham," was tho unex pected reply, "if you had had anything like my experience yon would bo very glad of a berth in the army or ont of it — nroforably in." It was conceded after this opisode that Ellis had a hiBtory and the faculty of keeping it to himself. Tho colonol waB glad to havo him re- enlist, oven while wondering that be should do bo. Many remembored how he had come to them haggard and travel worn three years be fore and offorcd himsolf as a recruit. This was far out in tho mountains. His langnago and manners wore such that every ono know it to bo a case of a man whom fortune had betrayed, and who "took tho shilling," as many another has dono, - somowhat as a last rosort. Bnt before he hod won his first chev rons tho men know woll that from some courco or othor Ellis was boginning to receive a good doal of monoy. When Sergennt Onrrie was killed by that tough in the public streets of Sheridan City— a cold blooded and unprovoked murder— and Currio's wife and children hod not where to lay thoir heads now that their support was gono, officers and men "chipped in" and bought them a little cottago on the banks of Rapid run, just at the edge of town. Ellis had planked down a five dollar hill as his share on tho subscription list, but did not Kate Currio, the eldest child, tell how ho had como all by himself af terward and given hor on envelope which ho bade her hand to mother from a friend — an envelope which wns fonnd to hold a fifty dollar treasnry note? Sporting characters in tho regiment who sought to borrow from Ellis met With cold, oven curt, refusal. Neither would heevergombleorbotwiththem. Neither did he seem to core to go to town at oil when first the regiment moved into this its most delightful station after years of Bervico on tho distant frontier — not until the order was issued permitting merito rious soldiers to wear civilian dress when on pass. Then he was almost the first to appear on the streets of the bustling comity seat in a neat, nnobtrn- sive, bnt remarkably well cat and well fitting suit, and, far better dressed than most of the townspeople, Sergeant Ellis became an occasional visitor, bat no one ever heard of his patronizing any other establishments than the bank, the post and express offices and the bookstores. Captain Hazlett, calling at the post- office one day, woe surprised to find Ellis at a lock box, the key of which he calmly placed in his waistcoat pocket and then as calmly raised his hat in sal utation to his superior officer. Both were in civilian dross, both on tempor ary leave of a few hours only, both, from tho point of view of the correspon dent of a very enterprising paper, occn- piod at the moment the some social plane, and his nllnsions to "the slavish deference demanded by the nristocratio commissioned force of their enlisted bnt far worthier men" gave rise to some dis cussion at tho fort. One or two officers held that Ellis should have given the military salnte and no other, bnt the mass of opinion was in favor of Ellis's action; being entirely in civilian dress himself, the civilian custom should pre vail "Well, damn it," Baid Mr. Randolph, "that consists out here in shoving one's hands deeper into pockets, tilting tho cigar higher in the mouth and giving just half a nod." It was finally eon- ceded, however, that in courteously rais ing his hat Sergeant Ellis bod done abont the right thing, and that in as punctili ously raising his own in recognition the captain hod fittingly and - scrupulously acknowledged tho courtesy, tho sneers and lashings of the Spasm City Chimes ' to the contrary notwithstanding. Still no ono supposed that Ellis Was going to re-enlist when his time expired. They had already begun casting about for somebody else to place in charge of the firehouse. Bnt Ellis signed the papers with ready hand, asked for and got a month's furlough, with permission to leave the department, and was back in two weeks ready to resume duty, his dark face a trifle paler, his heavy beard becomingly trimmed, jnst three days after Nita Guthrie's arrival, just three days before she was to have gone home. . Rolfe turned from the sentry and -gozod away eastward. How many a long mile, down that beautiful valley Were the lights of the rushing train by this time, and what meant this light bo close at hand, shining faintly but clear ly through the slowly plashing rain? . After one, and tho sergeant still np. and reading? No, it burned too dimly for a student lamp; neither was it in the ser geant's room. Following his thoughts, Rolfo, wrapped - in his mackintosh, moved slowly ont to the eastern edge of tho bold bluff, passing tho firehohseon his way. Abroast-high wall of roujgh stono ran diagonally over toward what was left of the old blockhouse, once porched on the brow of the cliff, and, as tho captain reached the point of the bluff, he became aware of a dim figure standing silent and motionless between him and the southern face of the an tiquated work. Another man whose thoughts were following the eastward windings of that misty valley, was it not? Another keeping sleepless vigil? "Who's that?" in low tone, he sndden- .- Iy hailed. A start, a quick turn, then prompt advance and answers - "Sergeant Ellis, sir." The deep collar of his overcoat was turned np about his ears, so that the face was well nigh hidden, bnt the voice was cairn and firm, "Yon keep lata hours, sergeant.". "Not without warrant, captain." "Your warrant might enffer, sir,- If the colonol know you had lights at two o'clock." . "It is by his authority, sir, that one' lantern bnrns all night; that is the one tho captain sees." Rolfe paused, baffled. "Then I believe I will light a cigar at year lantern," he finally said, and, turn ing, . he moved away toward the low wooden building behind him. . Ellis promptly followed, then sprang ahead and opened the door for his superior's entrance. "Lot mo offer tho captain a match; that is an oil lantern." And striking a lucifcr on the strip of sandpapor he hold it forth. Rolfe missed the flame with tho ond of his weod. Light came to him, but not to his cigar. Muffled though his face remained in tho depths of that cavalry collar, Sergeant Ellis' lips and chin wore visiblo through tho opening in tho front and in the glare of tho little match. "When did yon sbavo off your hoard, sergeant? I should hardly havo known you." The lips trembled, but the dark eyes, tho doep voice, were steady as ever: "Last evening, sir." (To be continued.) 