sporting Notes. Bv " Caspian." The second day of the V.R.C, Grand National Steeplechase meeting will be held to day at Flemington racecourse, when it is to be hoped that the elements will prove favorable to the occasion. During the week a good quantity of rain has iaiien, wnicn win nave one enees of making the going equally as heavy as that of last Saturday. However, whilst the course is heavy, it must not be taken that it is dangerous, but simply what the riders term ' a trifle holding." The field this year for the Grand National Steeplechase is shorn of much of its attraction by the breakdown of Mr Miller's equine prodigy Red leap, who is perhaps one of the greatest horses ever seen over fences, or. for that matter, hurdles. With the son of Dante out of the event, there is sufficient of a field to make a grand race, besides which the event should prove thoroughly intercolonial in its character. New South Wales will be strongly represented by Albert, a horse that has recently swept toe ooaras at jftanawicic, be sides the Wagga gelding, Frantic. Tasmania will trust in the clever jumping qualities of Ouida, but in Shy lock and Wellington the " tight little island " has some thing to say for the. pair are owned by the well-known Hobarfa sportsman, who races under the com de course of Mr S. M. Wilson. Toe home string pro vides a powerful combination in Busaco, Sir Wilfred, Tyro, Trojan, Kremlin, and Royal Oak. The hopes of South Australians are en trusted to that small, but cat-like fencer, Coral, who has performed well on different occasions. In commencing with the top weight, tSusaco, 12st 101 b. one is inclined to vote him out of the race after his performance in the Grand National Hurdle race on Saturday, but its must not be forgotten that be won the V.AT.O. Grand National Steeplechase a couple of Beasons back like a racehorse. At present the. Ballarat representative looks too light to last out a strongly run three miles race on Flemington. Sir Wilfred, 12st 81b was a brilliant star in the steeplechase ing firmament a short time back, but getting into a bad habit of running down his fences. Mr Miller wisely treated him to a spell. No horse CDuld have done a stronger or much better preparation than the ex-Tasmanian has at Mill Park, and depend upon it that whatever beats him will nearly win. Albert (i2st 3ib) does not please the touts at' 'Fleming- ton on account of his light condition. It may be that this is how the N.S.W. horse runs best, but what will try his mettle mo3fc will be the country be has to negotiate at Flemington as compared with Randwick. The latter is the chief reason for my not selecting Albert. Tyro (12st lib) is made a popular selection in many quarters, more, perhaps on account of Corrigan being engaged to ride him than any thing else. This gelding certainly won over- Flemington a few months back in eood stvia : but Trojan, who came with a very late run, should have beaten him. Shylock (list 131b) is about the best favorite for ttie race, and having J. E. Brewer to pilot the son of Albury and Jessica is a decided recommendation, as few horsemen possess such, a correct knowledge of pace, besides his other attributes an a finished cross-country rider. This horse has done a good preparation and looks well, but he has just enough weight to oarryon the present occasion. Trojan, list 91b. has run so well of late, under considerably heavier burdens, and acquitted himself eo admirably, that it is difficult to see what can really beat the son of Paris. It is rumored that he was suffering from an ail ment to one of his legs, but, judging from the support he receives for the race, there cannot be much the matter with bun. Frantic (list 91b) is a fast little horse, but requires to jump very much bigger than he has been accustomed to to win a V.RC. Grand National Steeplechase. Kremlin (list 41b), like all the Glorious stock, is both fast and clever, and has done a thoroughly sound preparation atCaulfield, Tim Swiveller was trained at the same place, and whilst tbe " cognoscenti" failed to pick Mr Geo. Davis's horse as the likely winner, they are on the other hand very partial to Kremlin. When asking a well known trainer tbe other day about Kremlin, whether he thought the Glorious gelding could stay out three miles. " Yes." said be, " fie could stay for a week if wanted." Wellington (list 31b) is in the same stable and interests as Shylock, hut whether both will start or not I cannot say. On the score of pace, few horses could heat Wellington, but he is small; and the weight he has to carry musb. tire . him very nTch at the finish of such a race. Coral (list 31b), although as clever as a cab over fences, is , on tbelsmaU side, and f or that reason is best left alone until she meets in more suitable compahy. Ouida is just as finished a fenoer as ever - |pf t Tasmania, and they have sent over a few clmkers from that . island during the ast few years. Her party are very sanguine about the daughter of ! Leitrim acquitting herself well. " Wherever Shylock is there also will Onifla be in the race." So say her admirers. Quilp (lOst 101b) is nob heavily weighted, but his jumping is j just questionable. He has plenty of pace for the event; but his getting round is the obstacle. Macduff (lOst Sib), although a ; fair performer in the Western District, is barely class enough, and Tayforth (IGst lib) . requires more schooling before he is selected for such high honors. Schoolboy (9st 121b) will fence as well as any horse m the race, but his pace is just a trifle slow, However, the son of Planet is certain to beat more than beat hint in the rac . Kalydor (9st 91b) is another horse with a good up-country reputation, and should , run forward, so siiould Rcyal Oak (9sc 7ib) j who so fortunately won the V.R.O. Grand j National Maiden Steeplechase last Saturday, j To sum up, I like the chances of Sib Wilfred, ' Shylock, Tbojan, Kremlin and Ouida. j In making a selection of three to fill the ? places I should expect to see them run in tbe following order : — TROJAN ... 1 SHYLOCK ... 2 KREMLIN , 3 With Sir Wilfred the most likely to affect a surprise. Lawn Handicap.— Silence II., 1; Taupo 2 ; Carrington, S. July Handicap— Graduate, 1; Cooya, 2? Quality, 3. Open Steeplechase. — Orangeman, 1 ; Chemist, 2 ; Blondin, 3, Apart from Hie moderate attendance at Flemington to witne&s; the opening day of the Grand National race meeting, there can be no gainsaying the fact that the gathering is without doubt the most popular of all winter re-unions. Those who attend a " Grand National" are, for tbe most part, a class who love raring pure and simple without all the at tendants of annoyance frequently to be found at a Melbourne Cup meeting. The horses that compete for these events are, for the most part, a better class, Inasmuch as they not only Com bine pace but stamina, and for this reason are a more desirable breed of horses from a national point of view, Hurdle and steeplechases are tempered with a spice of danger that attraots many people, but fortunately nothing of a serious miBhap occurred to mar the pleasure of the Grand National Hurdle Race Day. The Maiden Hurdles witnessed Quadrant, the hope of Bal larat, come down, and more schooling for the horse is evidently required; but of Robin Tell, who fell at the last hurdle, better things may safely be anticipated. Oxenham, the winner of the Maiden Hurdles, is one of the few sons of Marvellous who has taken to the illegitimate business. He possesses undeniable pace, and with a little more schooling over hurdles will prove a perfect adept at the game. Comedian, who is an own brother to Tim Swiveller, ran as well if not better than his most sanguine admirers could expect, seeing that he struck one of the hurdles nearing the mile post that would have put any other but a game horse out of court. Mr C. M. Lloyd must naturally feel a little pride at the great suc cess of Swiveiler's stock, a horse that the squire of Yamma won many good races with in Vic toria and Tasmania. One remarkable feature about the Swiveller stock is that nearly all axe bays and browns. Considering that Snowden, his sire, was a flea-bitten grey, and the stock in most instances follow their grand sire, it is just strange. Anything raring with a dash of , Snowden blood is usually of a grey color. The Hon. D. S. Wallace, since the departure of Carbine from the post, has not thrown in for many smiles from the fickle jade fortune, but with Taupo, a nice raring- like daughter of Verdure, by Bethnal Green, his colors are likely to be found in the van on many occasions. Nothing could be more popular at the meeting than the victory of Martin Bourke in Royal Oak, who is also trained by this rider, who possesses as many lives as the proverbial cat. Waterloo made quite a record in the same race by stumb ling over the last fence, and being re. mounted ran second. Had he stood Mr Mani fold would have witnessed his horse's success Backers by this time were having any thing but success, as every first favorite bad fallen. Nothing better was in store in the Grand National Hurdle Race, which fell to the second favorite, Tim Swiveller, whilst the favorite Satyr came to grief at exactly the same hurdle as where he and The Pioneer fell last year. Ever since the weights were first de clared, Tim Swiveller was the public fancy, and but for reports circulated about the indifferent style in which he was doing his work at Caul- field would have gone out a 5 to 2 chance with such a clever horseman as Brewer to pilot him across his obstacles. Tim Swiveller is an own brother to Comedian, who was favorite in the Maiden hurdles, and has done a short season at the stud for Mr Geo. Davis, M.L.C. He was trained by Mr John Davis, who also brought out Fortunatus. Merrigal ran in a very disap pointing .manner, and Fire King was supposed to be suffering from rheumatics in the shoulder, hence his poor display. The PiGneer, with his oiu iiviiciivjrf Ucwiiy sucuvcucQ m gcbCuig nom6| and Kapo quite surprised all who witnessed his display at WiUiamstown a few weeks ago. Merrigal, I fully expect to witness run a much better race before long. Carrington, the winner of the Winter Stakes, evidently enjoys the Dandenong atmosphere, and is a much im proved horse. Wild Rose, with her big weight, ran very well to the distance, where she died away. The July number of the " V.R.C. Racing Calendar" is to hand, and contains the fol lowing important notice: — "Notice is here by given that any jockey, trainer or book maker licensed or registered by the Victoria Racing Club, exercising his calling at or in con nection with, or bemg in anywise interested in the racing, or the running of any horse at any race meeting held contrary to the rules of the Victoria Racing Club, thereby renders him self liable to - have his license or registration forthwith revoked. From "Auckland comes the news that The Dancer, who came over to Victoria and after wards raced in Sydney, has been turned out for a spell. St. Hippo is still giving Wright, his trainer, no end of anxiety as to whether the colt will stand a preparation. A deputation of registered jockeys was received by the V.R.C. committee on Monday afternoon relative to riding fees and to substitute a scale suggested by the deputation on what they deemed a more equitable basis. Nothing definite was done in the matter beyond receiving the deputation. The V.R.C. committee had before them on Monday a vast amount of important business, which they managed to get through in good tune. A deputation of bookmakers registered to ply their calling in the Flemington enclosure waited on the committee; ana a?Kea sauo i<ue be granted the same pnviiegesast nose extended ; to bookmakers at Randwick, via., free accsss ; to tbe enclosure. The bookmakers who pay a license or registration of L25 as well as : entrance fee are rather harshly dealt with, but the present committee decided to leave settle ment of the petitioners request to the incoming committee next mouth. The V.R C. Committee have decided not to call for competitive designs for next Melbourne Cup, and have entrusted Messrs Drummond and Co. to prepare a trophy. Walter Tatlow's disqualification and the horse Mischievous by the Tasmanian Turf Club for life, for fraudulent practices at Burme, was on Monday endorsed by the V,R.C. Com mittee. „ . . An application from the Williamsfcown Racing Club for endorsement of the removal of the disqualification of the horse J ohn Bright was refused on Monday toy the V.R.C. com mittee. John Bright was disqualified for two years at Williamstown on 12th March, 1892, along with his rider PooIp. for suspicious run ning, and the local stewards recently removed the ban from the horse. Mr E. Twomey's appeal to the V.R.C. against the action of the Mentone stewards in dismissing the protest entered on behalf of Villiers against Carrington being declared winner of the Mentone Handicap, run on 27th June, was decided on Monday. Ic was alleged that the finding of tbe local stewards was not in accordance with evidence, but after con sideration Mr Twomey's appeal was dismissed. The V. R. C. committee have agreed to a complimentary race meeting to Mr A. F. Bradshaw being held on tbe Caulfield course 5 on 3rd August, the stakes to amount to 1/400, and the V.A.T.C. stewards to. act on the | occasion. i A letter from D. Williams, complaining of the non-payment of stakes won at the Mor veil meeting by his mare Miss Dainty, has been re ceived by the V,R.C. committee, who have decided that they have no power to interfere in the matter. The V.R.C, committee on Monday endorsed the disqualification for three months from 21st June by the stewards of the Kilmore Racing Club of J. Kinnealy, owner, J , Campbell; . jockey, and the brown gelding Disturb, late j Disturbance, for suspicious practices, Mr Harris Smith, the secretary of the V. A.T.C., received what may be termed a fairly numerous entry for the different events to be run at Caulfield on Saturday, 22nd J u!y. The Two-year- old Handicap has attracted 23, and the Kambrook Handicap 34. A nice entry ha3 been received for the Ade laide Grand National Hurdles and Steeple chase, to be run on the 12th and 19th August. The Hurdle race closed with 28, including . thjs Melbourne entries, Kapo and Wairua ; whilst the Steeplechase is only one less in . number than the Hurdles. j The Jeweller (late Limerick), by Splendor, : winner of the Warwick Farm Flying Handi cap, is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 7st 121b and Melbourne Cup at 7st 71b, Jeweller . carried 8sb 81b, and beat a field of 26. He was bred bv Mr F. S. Reynolds, of Tocal stud farm, New south Wales, and is a remarkably well bred colt, his dam being Souvenir, by j Kelpie, from Lady Hilda (imp.), by Lord of | the Isles. A great many good judges who have | seen this colt racing in the Northern Districts j of New South Wales speak very highly of his chances as a cup candidate. | Carrington has incurred a 71b penalty in the Caulfield Cup for his victory in the V.R.C. Winter Stakes. In tbe Melbourne Cup he is . engaged at 6sfc 111b. but he will be re-bandi- j capped by Mr F. F. Dakin in a few days, ! It appears that for some time past the V.R.C. authorities have noticed many unde sirable persons in the Flemington grand stand enclosure, and how they managed to get there troubled the race officials. However, with the aid of detectives last Saturday an individual named Bruce, alleged to be a book maker's clerk, was . aiscovered with a number of first-class railway tickets giving admission to the grand stand. Bruce was noticed standing near' a ticket taker, who is supposed to have m some manner handed him one-half of the ticket. When Bruce was arrested be was just making straight for a number ol bis companions, all eagerly awaiting results, but to their discomfiture he was taken away. A charge «f stealing tickets has been made against Bruce. Mr W. H. Short has. ab the request of the committee, consented to again act as a steward at the Mentone Racing Club meetings. The whole of the Ballarat contingent of Grand National candidates, under the care of Alec. Taylor and Jas. Scobie, have arrived at Flemington. j The death of Mr A, F. Mitchell, a well- known and very popular sporting writer when on the metropolitan press, comes as rather a blow co his many friends. For some time past the deceased had suffered from tuberculosis, and. acting on the advice of his medical adviser, i sought the dry atmosphere of Echuca. Few pressmen were held in higher esteem by his j confreres, and. one and all generally voted 1 poor Alf. a "white man." Mr Jas, Hcarne ; on wnose station ne uieu, naa always taken a ; very kindly interest m deceased. Deceased's j remains were carried to their last resting place ; at Kyneton on Monday. | J. E. Brewer has been schooling the Grand National Steeplechase candidate, Shylock. over the Caulfield fences. This horse looks very much improved. It is rumored that the services of the crack cross-country rider, Corrigan, has been secured for Tyro in the Grand National Steeplechase. Trojan, the Grand National Steeplecnasa horse was offered for sale onTueday at Messrs Campbell and Sons' yards, the highest bid being 475 guineas, which was refused. The reserve was 600 guineas. At a meeting of the associated race clubs — Mentone, Epsom, Sandown, Maribyrpong, Moonee Valley and Aspendale — held on Tues day afternoon, the secretary was instructed to inform trainers; jockeys and blacksmiths, that on application, and paying the sum of 10s on or before 24th July, a yearly pass would be issued to them on approval. Sydney Tattersall's Club committee, in order to prevent disputes, have resolved upon the following by-law: — "That all tickets issued for cash wagers shall contain the name of the horse backed, written m legible letters, otherwise they will not be accepter as evidence in the consideration of any dispute submitted to the committee." No doubt the committee were actuated' by good motives in passing the above bye-law, bus they might also with some degree of reason insist on a few of the rapid-writing metalli- cians getting a few lessons in caligrapby. Some ' of the tickets banded out would puzzle tbe greatest expert in caligrapby, and as for a v ' — — roicroaoopia view, -it would bang all descrip- Thomas Robinson, a bookmaker X " Murrnmbidgee," brought bis the stewards and secretary of the Town an Suburban Racing Club an the JPgP® Court. Napier, on 5th July, writes ?Ma»r pa" in the "Otago Witness," claiming L50U for false imprisonment. Plaintiff was laying totalisator odds on the course, when ne was ordered to leave. He refused to do so. ultimately he was given into custody sM locked up at the Taradale police station. In About two hours he was ordered to be re leased by a justice, who was also president ot the racing club. No charge was formulated against him. The Chief Justice ruled that when plaintiff refused to leave he became a trespasser, and the Btewards had a right to give him into custody if. that was the only way of getting him off the course, As a matter of propriety it would have been better if the policeman had simply removed him from the course, and not locked him up unless he returned ; _ but. as_a matter of law, the police were quite justified in locking him up. Judgment was given for defendants, with costs. This decision is some what important, as shewing how far stewards may go in ejecting trespassers ; but I am given to understand that the bookmakers as a bedy 'never thought the man had a ghost of a chance of getting judgment. Mr R. H. Frew, one of our leading amateur riders, has been retained by the Messrs Miller Brothers to ride Sir Wilfred in the Grand National Steeplechase. 