^mn&ragtemfs.; DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES, [By Touchstone.] I am sorry to hear the recent perform ance of the Lyric ConcertCompany did not rasult in the financial success anticipated. This is a pity for the society is well worthy of encouragement. The members furnish a really enjoyable entertainment, and the establishment of a permanent musical institution of the class in the city has long been spoken of as a necessity. I would advise the management of the Lyric, however, not to rush their concerts too closely one upon the other. Plenty of time vrill permit of ample rehearsal and outside working up. The company eon tains good material and should, despite preliminary obstacles, succeed in firmly establishing itself in favour with the Launceston public. Messrs Walton and Gourlay's Skipped by the Light of the Mooia Company has just concluded a successful season at; Hobart. Melbourne to follow. I hear that Mr Lawrence Campbell will appear in drama and farce at the Academy of Musio on Prince of Wales's birthnight. He will be assisted by the leading local talent. Mr L. J. Lohr forwards me some clip pings from Melbourne papers relative to the re-appearance in the ? marvellous ' city of the Brough and Boucicault Com pany. { If,' says the Argus, 'the leave taking of the Brough and Boucicault Company at the Bijou in December last was a popular demonstration which was almost pathetic in its impressiveness and sincerity, the welcome accorded to that company on Saturday night last, when it commenced a short season at the Prin cess's Theatre, was marked by a heartiness of enthusiasm of feeling which must have convinced every member of it that old favourites are not easily forgotten in Melbourne, but are so freshly remem bered, indeed that they only have to present themselves on the stage in order o receive a greeting of such cordiality that it appears to combine a sentiment of personal affection with the admiration excited by the. artists in their professional capacity. And what rendered the com pliment all the more gratifying waB that it was paid to the company by a very ; large audience representing all classes of society. In the dres& circle were to be seen His Excellency the Governor, Lady Hopetoun, and many of our more prominent citizens. The whole of the stalls had been taken up aB reserved seats, the galleries appeared to be an full as they could hold, and at the back of the dress circle numerous spectators had to be contented with standing room only during the whole of the performance/ Thua a Melbourne critic on the. recent re-appearance of the veteran actor H. R, Harwood as Cattermole in ? The Private Secretary/ We have never seen the part played with mote buoyant vivacity and ; verve. The little gag occasionally indulged in gave a freshness and vigor to the dialogue, and assisted greatly in preventing the performance from flagging. Mr Harwood has clearly not lost his grip upon the esteem and appreciation of the play going public. He plays with a zest akin to his early days, when we remember him in such pieces as the Princes3 of Treblzonde the Siege of Troy in bur lesque, in Blow for Blow in the true comedy, as the Ghost in Hamlet, and, in fact, manifesting his talents in every branch of dramatic arb. Mr Harwood has never lost touch with the stage, although he may be said to have retired on a competency from the active pursuit of his profesaion,and many of hiB best hits have been made in comic opera. As one of the victims of the late craze for recon struction, however, he now appeals natu rally to the public eympathy, and it was evident onSaturday night that his friends, ?whoBe name is legion, were not oblivious of his claims to kindly consideration. In a professional sense, however, he needs no adventitious aids to win him favour with an audience. He can hold his own with any of the ' younkers' aroun him, and possibly excel them in proficiency.' Mr Arthur Olampett, the celebrated baritone, is with a concert company in New Zealand provinces. ixuss B.ugu3ca jjarpan, me wruguuiuuuu, visits New Zealand shortly. A recent San Francisco steamer had among its passengers the Misses Albu and Mr George Darrell, the latter en route for Chicago on the look-out for novelties for the colonies. In piloting a comic opera company through Australia, an agent employed a bellman to herald the performance of 'Les Cloches de Corneville.' The bellman bellowed through the town : ' To-night 'The Cockroaches of Cornall !' ' Mr Horace Lingard, the original Middle wick in ? Our Boys ' in Australia, has appeared aa PolydorePoupart for the 938th. Mr Walker Marnock, the baritone, identi fied in Australia with the part of ' The Pirate King.' Someone once wrote to Edwin Booth asking his opinion a3 to the real or feigned madness of Hamlet. The great actor res ponded:— 'The subject is, as you know, one of the endless controversy among the learned heads. I think I am asked nearly 365 times a year, and I usually find it safest to side with both parties in dispute on the subject. Yes, I confess I do not consider Hamlet mad — except in craft. My opinion may be of little value, but 'tis the result of many weary walks with him for hours together here in the lobby/ The peasants of the Oberammergau do not intend to be idle this year as regards theatricals. Thus we learn that Herr Molitor's drama ' Die Rose Von Sicilien,' which treats of the life anrl death of St. Vitus, was to be performed at Oberam mergau recently under the direction of the well-known Burgermeister Lang. A London critic once went all the way to Manchester to see Beerbohm Tree play Hamlet. It was agreed that he should, unch with Tree after the performance, and so he did. Tree was mightily disturbed because his guest made no reference to the play. So, as the guest was departing, Tree followed him through the door, and called to him as he descended the stairs : * Oh, I say, old man, what did you think of 'Hamlet'?' To this the departing guest answered : ' 'Wonderful play old man — most wonderful play ever written. ' The reception given to Mr Irving and Miss Terry at San Francisco has been of the most enthusiastic description, and the demand for seats quite unprecedented in that city, unless, indeed, we go back to the furore created by Patti's first appearance there. Frederick Burgess, for 20 years con nected with the Moore and Burgess Min strels, is dead. In early life he managed Thackeray's 'Pour Georges' lecture, and more than one of Charles Dickens's tours. Mr Stanley has got back to London from his South African tour much better in health and much heavier in pockei. On the close of the performance of L'Amico Fritz at the Melbourne Princess's on the 20th ult. the whole Italian Opera Company — principals, chorus, orchestra, and baliet — proceeded by special train to Adelaide, where they opened on. the fol lowing evening at the Theatre Royal in ?Pagliacci.' Their reception appears to have been exceptionally warm, and the local papers are most enthusiastic in their com ments, both on the opera and on the per formers. Signorina del Torre has ' a highly cultivated soprano voice added to a charm. ing personality,' and she 'proves herself an exceptionally capable actres3 in a very arduous role' ' Signor Giraud . . . made a most profound impression by his masterly impersonation of a singularly difficult and tragic character. A more thorough realisation of the part could indeed hardly have been given. . . . Signor Giraud's whole performance is with out parallel on the Australian operatic stage.' These comments are from the Advertiser, and the critic of the South Aus tralian Eegister is equally loud inhis praise of these two accomplished artists, though neither journal appears to me (remark 'Baton 'in the Leader) to appre ciate Signor Caruson's impersonation of Tonio at its full value, the talented baritone's really fine acting being in each case dismissed in some three lines. 