A DISMAL TRANSFORMATION SCENE. Some years liacl; the writer was on the Port Melbourne pier looking at the shipping. It was a sight worth seeing. Vessels of all classes, builds and rigs were there, from the lordly four-master, with her double-royal yards, to the little coasting schooner. Steamers, too, of all styles and sizes, from the stately mail steamer to the little mosquito hosts that lay in wait for any business that might come to hand. They never had to wait long; business always came to hand in those days. You could only get along the pier by dodging furious porters dashing forward with luggage, mad sailors making a rush for their ships, hotel pirates racing in pursuit of victims from the last vessel in,and all the other dramatis persona of a busy pier in a great port. How the man in a hurry used to fume and fret over these obstacles to his progress; but the man who had time on his hands—meaning the writer just now—used to enjoy this atmosphere of vigorous, cheerful movement—life, in fact! The very ereak of the cranes as they used to swing around with their burdens taken out of the bowels of the ships sounds in the ear of memory almost as a strain of forgotten music. Because the cranes am silent, and the voice of the donkey-engine is heard no more on the pier. We think there is a ittle fortune waiting for any musical composer who will write music to a song to he called " The Creak of the Crane," words to be supplied by the writer on application at this office. The composer would have to concentrate the whole force of his genius on the chorus where the crane which has boon idle and ustiug for many a day goes to work and creaks in a dream. We venture to say that Professor Marshall Hall would think mighty _ _ highly _ of the composer who could do full justice to the emotional significance of this idea. We were on Port Melbourne pier once again on a morning last week. It is hardly correct to sav that we "did not recognise it. We refused, to recognise it. Certainly there were the gates still barring the entrance, and there was the pier itself broad and spacious — more broad and 6paeious than it had ever seemed to us before, now that it was empty of people. But where were the ships that used to line its sides, two deep at times? Not a solitary ship, not even a beggarly little coasting schooner, was there as an npology for the absence of the others. And t]]fi cra„es dumb Only under the pier the j.,,,-,, wave5 sue]nad t0 whisi)er together m''terlouslv >- " The old, old sea, as one in tears, Goes murmuring with foamy lips, And, moaning round the wooden piers, Mourns for her long-lost multitude of ships." And the Bay was also empty of ships, and there was nothing moving upon the face of it. Iu reminded us of itself as it is represented iti sketches made in 1838 iu the Golden Squatting Age of Victoria, where the only vessels that cast anchor in its waters were whaling ships. To a lover of nature of the kind who believe that all signs ot traffic and of the occupation of man are blots upon the beauty of natural scenery, the picture would have been not unpleasant. Of course, he would have objected that there wre some signs of the sort mentioned, but, arguing by analogy, it might be expected that these also would soon pass away, and leave the Bay as it was wilen Batman landed, * » * » Hut off the pier there was a still grimmer sight to sue. All aloug the street facing it, in groups at the corners and by twos and threes sitting on doorsteps, were the men who used to make their ;;v;ng ou' y>e pi,,r> stevedores' labourers, wharf labourers and longshore men of all kinds. Why Jid they hang around the pier, seeing that it was empty^ratlier than go somewhere else? Why do ghosts' haunt the houses they once lived in rather thaii other houses: Men are like that. „...„, Whon t)le gre ;s out tl1Uy s;t over the ashes in the vain jjope that they may flame up again, and a load of ,v00d fan down from Heaven, and everything bo as warm and cheerful as before. Hut certainly, ( had ;m ima< infttive R1.tist amongst us, • jg llis theI1Je ° An empty pier an empty j. bg . and an oalpty_stomached army of ]00ki.i<\- hungrily out to sea As we took a } . ^ the:Te „rim]v.patieut waiters upon w0 seeinej to hear proceed from their Portune H jj' tbe f0]]0win.' chorus sum* to a slow, j nt tune— J ° ' " O steam, steaui, steam. And blow, blow, lilow, And send us hero, longside the pier, J lie ships we used to know. 