Xo tat & General ^flim A jockey named Henry Roden had his left leg broken in two or three places just above the ankle, o& Wednesday, throueha horse he was riding falling, and be had to be admitted to the Port Curtis and Leichhardt Districts Hoepitii An important railway aaaoancement ap* single fares for the donhle journey will be issued every Saturday between all stations fifty mflea and over apart available to return on the following Monday, or, if a train does not run on Monday, until the Tuesday, and F.iday. Tickets will also be issued on Satur day, available for return on the Monday following, between stations leas than fifty miles apart, and tbe single fare for fifty miles will be charged. The arrangement comes into force at once, and will apply to all rail ways in the colony. We have been informed by Mr. James Campbell, of the boiling down works, says the CkarUviUf! Times o\ Saturday last, thae fee has verb&Uy; leased the sole right of tht Cfaarievflle bore for a period of five years, at £200 per year. Re said there is a clause in the agreement which states that the local authorities who control the working of the town can have the use of tbe water froro the bore at Ud. per 1000 gallons for tbe purpose of reticulating the town, the pipes to be laid by tht local authorities. The Government have also to pd-y the tame price for the use of the bore water at tbe railway station. Mr. Campbell stated die agreement ehoold have been sent ap this week for him to sign, but has been del&ved; through some unknown cause. I The Gold Warden announces by advertise 1 menc in this issue that all mining holdings in | the Rockhampton district wifl be exempt ! from work from Satorduy, the *23rd iaetaut, until SaturJay, tbe 6tb of January, both days inclusive, for the Christmas ard New Year holidays. The quantity of wool receive I in Rock hampton irom the west, according to the reports of agents here, during the last seven teen weeks, is 51,477 baits, wtiich is equal Us a weekly delivery of 302S bales. The season is now fulling off, tbe number of bales railed in the last fortnight being only 2G&4. A statement of the €£t&i-U;&haieut; of corps of the Queensland Defence Force for the ye*r ending ihc 30th of Jane, 1S04, utm published in a supplement to Saturday's Gocenaaeai CrtieMe. says the Brisbane Tclcgrapft of Monday. From this it appears tiiat tbe total establishment for which provision trill be made numbers 3S30 officers aud men au - 710 horses, made up as follows :— Headquarters staff, 28 men and 12 horses ; artillery, 330 men and 65 horses; mounted infantry, 609 men and 009 horses -T engineers, 32 men submarine minium sectiou only ; infantry, 1158 men and S horses; medical staff corps, S4 men and 3 horses ; veterinary staff, 2 men and ° horses; total Defence Force proper, 2343 men of all ranks aud 099 horses. In order that the batteries ao»3 companies may be k«pt ap to th-.ir foil ottvn»tlt, supernu meraries to the extcut of twenty per cent maj be enrolled and aiumunitjou for practice inay be allowed for them, but pay can only be drawn, for the es=tahli«-bed sTength. In the volunteer and cadet branches the establish ments are : Lufau^ry, 957 men and 10 horses 'f cadets. 650 men and 1 horse, Mr. Gilbert Casey delivered a lecture in the Theatre Royal on Friday week op the ' New Australia' movement. Mr. J. C. Stewart occupied th« chair, and the audience iris fairly good. Mr. Casey said he did not ask them to join the *' Xe«* Australia *' movement; he only wished to make a few remarks to stimulate thought and provoke inquiry. There must b*- something very wrong in the systeia of the management of the country to drive people out of it in Paraguay. The organisers of the ui'ivctneut had been called knave*, and told that they haiiteil only to get the tCOoot of the peopl-. They hul bi-en considering this movement for about six years, aud he thought they were entitled to he listened to more than people who had only given it five minutes1 consideration. He was not a paid agent for the Oovcrntnent of Para guay ; be only wanted tbum to consider the movement in which he had placed everything he possessed. He had pat all his worldly possessions, valued at almut £300, into the nmvriuent ; he li.-wl given np his employment for rueker, and hail paid his mm expenses for tvhat tie was -to.in£ at present, la a. book called the Hible he had read that many years a£o a onmlmr of people called Israelites were travelling towards the promised land, the bud of Canaan. They camped in a great desert, and sent spies into tbe promised land. The spies went and examined the land. &nd; come back with their report. A number of the spies were very terrified and scared at the promised Land, while others who were conrageons went about with their eyes open, and reported favourably on the Dew land of Canaan. The courageous men. were noc lis tened to, and the report of the multitude of others was followed. The Israelites remained forty years in thio desert of l'aran before they plucked up courage enough to cram the borders and go into this promised land. And they st the present day were following the example of the T«rtt«*Ii *?*»«? There were bo many croakers going about putting the people off from going to Paraguay now, but in tune to come if they did go to Paraguay they would say ' What fools we were that we did not come to this place years ago.' People had said to him that be knew nothing of Paraguay because he had never been there It was true be had never been there, but he had received such reports from persons on whom he could depend, that he was aa well acquainted with the place as any man need be. Il was the ' man who was there -T who really knew nothing at all about it. He met a man in Maryborough the other day who stated that he had been to Paraguay, and that it was a place of awamps, fever, and death. He (Mr. Casey) replied that the man mast have made a mistake, and receiving a- reply that there was no mistake about it, he asked *' Where did you live!' 'Oh, I lived at Panama,' replied the a rher- ' IVa&t; has Panama got to do with Paraguay?' asked Mr. Casey. 'Oh,' replied the other, '* when we knocked off work oa SaXurduy eight in Panama, we used to walk over to Buenos Ayres, and we passed (Vmguay on the way. We also came back that nay to work ou Monday morning.' (Laughter). It had been utated in the news papers that a correspondent of a certain paper, writing from Paraguay, stated the people there were starving. That could not t»e so, because the new Australians took a good supply of food with them, and they were pro vided with abundance of food every mouth. The Queensland newspapers got this state ment from the Sydney newspapers, who got it from Broken Hill. It had come from Buenos Ayres to that place, and at Buenos Ayres sorneone got the information from & friend wbo beard these things said at Para guay. What was all this writing to foreign countries about the people starring in South America. Why in Australia it was so awfully common that they no reason to say anything about it. The lecturer then proceeded to gii*e several reasons why they should go to New Australia. The soil and climate of Paraguay were vastly superior to those of Queensland, The chances of self govern meat were far greater than they were in Queensland. The national debt of Para ffnay n-aa email in comparison with that of Queensland, tbe debt of the former being £5,250,000, while the debt of Queensland wal estimated at £33,000,000. A collection was taken up during the evening. I The Maranoa Advocate of Friday says tbat a party of delegates -foorteen » M™r~ . rcpresentinc seven intending croups ot (ScTuTBri^ane, arrived ».'»-« byti» early train on Wednesday morning. During the day they visited tbe ''^VfJ*™ several suitable sites for the proposed setrfe iDieoa were pointed out to them by Mr. IComuiisaioaer Jackson and Mr. SteeJe, Ucensea surveyor. The whole party left !yS£rday to walk to Rockybank. abont Iweuty-iveu miles distant, where there/* i between 60,030 and 70,000 acres of splendidly i watered, well timbered. fiood*fcTTcnltnraI and mstoxJ country, available for selection. They procured* horse and dray before leaving on which to carry their rations and luggage. They arecxpected back next week and it is I very probable tlist they «ill '»ve-i; 'SI' lable sites for the purposes desired. The groups which the delegates represent consist of between fifty and sixty tnembers. so that if they settle in the district the population fffflbein-«asedbyaboat400perBons. The Customs returns of the trade ot the port for fcoveinber are disappointiug. showinff decreases under almost every bead ing. Take firet tbe revenue from dnUes, it animate* to only £!2£20 17s. 4d., which is a decrease, as compared with that of tbe corre sponding period of 1892. of £3206 Oa^d. The total exports for the inontli were »».*« * but here again there is a serious decline in comparison with the same month of last yearVamounting to £128,320. The fatting off in the exports is accounted for in the main by the shortage in the wool dip of the year. 'The value of the wool sMit away itst month was £87,069 less »h»n tirtfc shipped in November, 1892. But there wasadecrease in the exports of gold of £29,458, in the exports of tuc»t of £7443, and in the exports of tallow of £4614. in the month the quantity of wool that left here was 15,131 bales— of which 4084 bales were clean and 11,047 bales were greasy— weighing, altogether, 5,262,'25S lb. The ^BaGUty is larg'1 ? but it does not come ap to that for the corrWponding period of 1892 by 5460 tales, weighing 2,636,6651b. It is worthy of note lliat of i\w 15,131 bales, no less than 6728 hales, weighiDi; 2,179,4761b-, and valued at £99,070, went t« Kev South Wales, and only 1059 hales, weighing 3*7,3(»lb., valued at £14,539, to Victoria. Indeed, the shipments to New South Uales approached very closely to those of Britain, which were 7344 bales, weighing 2,735,480 th., nlned ai £10%G4T In connection nidi the meat trade it is in teresiinc to notice that preserve*] meat is now Iieing sent from here to New Sonfh Wales, Vicmria, S»ulh Australia, Western Australia, New r-aU-.lonia, the Straim Settlements Imiia, Aden, Ceylon, and Britain. The fol lowing figures show the details of the month's export* :— Wool— Clean . . . . 7oG,G4S lb. £51,857 Greasy . . . . 4,195,6101b. 1GM2K Total t-,:3i±£iS lu. ZL7,3G5 Preserved . . CSfi.f£t lb. 1 XSSI Frozen mnuon .. U a.bTWIh. 7,370 Krnzen beef . . &57/M lb. 7,8*1 ratal .. .. L,73-,115lb. 28^39 Tall** ... &*um8lU--vt,Qur. 15,618 Gold .. 819C-2. J(idiM- ICgr. 54,000 Ssisa, IIidki-, frc — Kanpmro . . ITS hales 1,00(1 Sheep .. 1195 tales lMtti Bides .. .. 74br- 3^47 Total .. .. — 1G.O A return posted at the Telegraph Office showed that the rainfall here daring Novem ber was 2-269 in. Rain fell on ten days, and the maximum register in twenty- four hoars was 1*340 in. The fall for each of the ten days was as follows: — 1st, 0 '020 in-; 4th, 0-OlOin.; 11th, O'lOOin.; 12thf 0160 in.; 13th* 0-310 in.; 2lst, 0*020 in.; 22nd» 0-240 id.; 28thf 1*340 ic.; 29th, 0*025 in-; 30th, 0-044 in. Appended is a table compiled by Mr. K, L. ganna, Government Mereoro logical Observer, which shom the rainfall for each month in the detade ended die 31st of December last, and for each month of the current year ; it shows thatthtxngb September and October were very dry months, 1893, as a whole, has been a mnch better year for agri coUnriats and graziers than 1892 : — iiiiiiiiili | | I gissliilggg- 1 ^ Iiiiiiiiili^ I' UiiMiUW j I lilllllelll^ 1 I iiSiIlliIliF | I iti£l§5ifll5! . I «-cc.o»??,_ i ?~ ISiiliIllii? I f ^3 1. j I llall§llillr ; i ' illlllllll-^ j t ssssgstssss_ « s With reference to the paragraph con -*ming die prospecting for gold on the timber reserve near the Gracemere lagoon, it will be seen that among the appli cations lodged at the Gold WudenV office was one by Messrs. U. G. W. Shaw Benjamin Hill, and A. M'Fadycao for a pro' specting protection area of 12U0ft. by 1200 ft there. i_'aptun Sykee, speaking of the para graph last published, says:— 'I noticeiu to-day's issue that alluvial gold has been found at Gruceinere. In October, 1S58, uheu ou my way to Canoona, my three mates and myself camped early one afternoou by the side of Gracemere Lagoon, and in several dishes of stuff taken from the surface within two hundred yards of the lagoon we got colours, and in one instance a litrie scaly piece of aboat idwt. In fact you could get a colour by knocking a tussock into your dish just as you conld at Canoona.' The Martini- Hcnrv cartridges tnau ufac tured by the Colonial Ammuuitiuu Company Victoria, were effectively tested by the shoot ing during the late Victoria Kifle Association meeting at Wflliamstown, says the Melbourne Ar-jus. ijnch splendid shooting has never before Iteen seen ou the range, and the fact that three men in a single match were able to get scores of forty-eight out of a possible fifty, coupled with the splendid shooting in the last stage of the Qaecn'a Prize, stamps the colonial ammunition as at least not- inferior in any way to the best Imperial cartridges. There was nothing in riie weather to make the shooting phenomenally good, yet it waB so, and, save iu the Federal Match, nothing but colonial ammunition was used. The test, too, was an nnnsually severe one, for in^sri of a ran of cartridges from otte year's issue being sent down to the range the ammunition consisted of Jive or six brands. Many of the best country riflemen who have fired in inter colonial teams Btated during the meeting that they have never before bad such fine shooting on their local ranges as since the colonial ammunition has been in use. 'Amongst ourselves,' says the Melbourne Arguzt in the course of an article on French Ministries, ' South Australian Cabinets offer, perhaps, the most striking example of tender and transitory existence. The taster colony is young ; bat the procession of its Cabinets, for length, speed, and general tenuity, re sembles nothing so much aa a procession of ghosts. There is more than one example in 8onth Australian history of a Ministry which has been bora, has reached its lusty prune, has sunk into dotage and second childhood, and perished of mere senility ; and all in the compass of three weeks t One Ministry, in deed, is on mcoTtl u'faicfa hustcA eleven days, another ten days, and yet another nine days 1 One South Australian Cabinet is known to fame as 'the clean-shirt Ministry,'1 and tradition — perhaps with that ccoDony of truth usual iu traditions— rujwrls that diis title is due to the circunistajitx that- the proud auJ happy Premier who had taken oilicc went home to do honour to hi* new dignity by putting ou a dean xliirt, ami uiicn he re turned to the House found himself in a mhtorit\\\ aad luul to «ffi-aaUy expire !' The dignity of the Church of England, says the Sydney Daily TdcjrapJi of Satur day hist, has once more been brought pro minently under notice by the Anglican Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber) complaining to his friends at home that he very seldom gets his real title accorded to liim in Queensland — that the Roman Catholic Bishop is as often styled the *? l&bop; of Brisbane ' as himself, and that he is often simply called 'Or. Webber,' or *' Bishop Webber,' instead of by the com plete and more imposing appellation which, as representing the state church of England, be ought to receive Wo agree, to a certain extent, with the ideas put forward by a minister of another denomination, who claimed that every minister of a congregation was a bishop, aud might call himself a ' bishop of Brisbane ' as well as Dr. Webber. It is, however, to be regretted that whilst there are ho many great and important matters relative to the spiritual ami temporal welfare of the people iu the Brisbane diucesc which require attention, ihu head of the Church of Knglaud in Queensland should allow such comparatively trivial matters to -j-\eroi&c; liis Everyoue will be pleased, says the Jf+-toieh Advocate, to learn that the Woollen Company is progressing. The disastrous floods of February last swept over the magnificent machinery at the factory, doing almost incalculable damage to a portiou of the plant Some of this had to be replaced, and the directors, nothing daunted by the herculean task imposed npou them, faced their difficulties bravely, and have to a certain extent conquered many of them. The List consignment of Jiuings destroyed ha* arrived, aud in a short- time the mOl at North Ipswich will be completely restored to iu old position. Kinployetss were dismissed during the trying financial crisis **riticb toUowed the Hood?, but the retrenched liauds bavu agaiu secured engagements, and there is room fur others. This h- said to be caused by the demand which has set in for the company's wares from wholesale houses and storekeepers. This is indeed the most pleasing iulelligencc that could possibly be placed before tuc share holders. For some years there was an ill defiued prejudice ag-iinat thecoinpauy's goods by large dealers, sonic of whom could hardly be induced to place the jjaceoshuid aumafac tured article on the market, and, if they did, it is doubtful whether they gave it that prominence which it deserved. The demand which, lias now set in for it shous that the undoubted merit of the material leaving the factory has steadily forced itself upon the attention of Qoeenslanders, and that there arc grand possibilities of a far larger connection for the company. It has long been felt that all that was wanted for a rapid extension of business was a wider knowledge of the quality of the goods tuned oat on the banks of the Bremen That mach-to-be- deeired consummation is ipparently approaching, and the future of lie company is assured. { The supplement to the Government Gazelle if the 25th November, containing a statement ; -f the establishment of corps of the Queens- -. land Defence Force for the year coding the 1 WcJi of Jane, IS94, to which reference was j nade in Friday's issue, is uow to hand . It I shows that the number of officers and men in ' the corps in the Central Division is 27J-, made \ up as follows :— Rocktiampton Mounted In Fantry Corps, 53; A Company (infantry), ELockhamptou, 61 ; A Company (cadets), Etockhaiupton, 48 ; li Company (cadets), | Rockliampton, 48 ; Port Cnrtds Ambulance 3orps, S ; B Company (infantry), Mount Mor gan* til. The Inspector of Police was in receipt of a report froui the Emerald police on Monday, to L,he effect that a fire occurred last week at the private residence of Mr. Charles Loch of that tou-n, the house, outbuildings, and contents being completely destroyed. Tuc damage is estimated at between £200 and £300. A i-aluablc colt, which was in the stable, waa rescued with great difficulty, hut succuniited Later to injuries received. The accident is attributed to a blackboy named Toby, aged about nine years, who had been with Air. Loch for a. long time, smoking in the feed Sergeant Brophy and party, who were despatched in search of the murderer of Constable Collins on the 1st of October, re turned to Wyndhani, Western Australia., recently. Sergeant Bropby describes the country in the vicinity of the Osmond River as grand pastoral country, while the natives there are the finest race, physically, in Wes tern Aostralia, bat arc extremely hostile. A half-caste, about twenty years of age, who is supposed to be a descendant of Leichhardt's party, lives there with one tribe. Bropby saw several overlanders bound for Coolgardie it the crossing on the Kegri River, and they stated that there were others behind them. The work of deepening the bore oq Evora Station has resulted very successfully, says the Barcoo Independent. The tirst contract was completed at a depth of 2030ft., with a enpply of 20,009 gallons per day, but the owners of the station thought that a larger supply would be obtained at a greater depth. Accordingly arrangements were made with Mr. E. Burns to carry ont the work, which ha« now had each a satisfactory termination. At 2280 ft, the second supply was struck, which kept gradually increasing until at 239S ft. the bore went through the water bearing strata. When tested the supplv was found to amount to 420,000 gallons per day, the temperature «f the water being itHT. The l-orc (1700ft.) at Home trcek, about eight miles from Kvora l»ore, is also Iteing deepened, aud it is reported that eimilar work will shortly Ik; commenced at the Alice Downs bore, which is now down 2140ft.. aud which is situated about tcu miles from Kvora. For some lime past, says the RriJmw. Courier, complaints have been uiadc to the Railway Cyriiniiesioucrs by graziers aud others, about the difficulty in unloading catt?« from railway iraggoas without bruising them. A few weeks ago the matter was again brought before the Railway Commissioners by Mr. ¥. Costling, at Gin 4-in Station, who eu^eested the details uf an improved and wider door to allow a larger exit for the cattle The Commissioners decided to ex periment on one waggon, which has now been completed, and was inspected at Rotna strcet Station a few days ago by several well-known pastoralists, who appeared much pleased with (he new arrangement, which provides a, clear opening of 7 ft- 9 in. as against the original opening of 4ft. The additional doors arc arrauced in a. similar manner to the ordLuiry cattle waggon doors, excepting that the bottom one is framed to a pillar, which reaches to the top of the waggon and become^ hinged to the bottom ; iu fact the pillar forms a portion of one of the doors, and falls down, thus providing a clear open ing. When the doors are shut the tup of thus new pillar is secured to the wagguu roof by a drop pin and bolL When loading it is not necessary to opeu the new doors, as the old opening of 4 ft. is «|nitc sufficient to admit the cattle coming through the race. The wbolc arrangement is neat, and perfectly secure against opening from the inward pres sure of the cattle, and will effectually prevent the risk of braisiu£ which has hitherto been experienced in letting cattle out through the A '*roup triectiti^ of the AustraJasUu Home Reading Union was held on Friday week at the Girls' Grammar School. TV attendance was not so lar«e as it would probably have been had the wiiatbcr been less threatening, but a took the form of a conversazioue, with music and singing ut intervals. The large school room was decorated with photographs, &&, kindly lent by friends of the Union, and bevcrai l*ooks of news aud some lecal fossils were laid out for exhibition. Piano solos were rendered by Mrs. Sandford Wills, Miss Asli worth, and Miss Urand, and a violin solo by Miss Crecu. The Rev. Mr. Richards gave a. sons, and Miss tyrant read an able paper ou Thackeray, which bronght the great writer's personality vividly before the audience. The object of this Group meeting was to induce members to choose their courses of leading for ihe cowirg year, and to enlist dcu* readers. Iu the course of conversation oo ihe Union's uoik, U was pointed out that there are at present in Rockhampton sL\ty eiglit members and seven circltsin active work. Bockhampton was the first centre in (jueen* laud to join the union, and has carried nut, says the general secretary in a paper on 'The progress of the Australian Home Reading Uuion,' read at Adelaide before the Australasian Association for the Advance ment of Science, the letter of the constitution more faithfully than any other town. Courses of reading for the coming year are prepared in many subjects, of which Rockhampton circles at present have chosen- English' litera- ture, education, physiology, and hygiene, logic, Roman history, bolany, geography and travel, and Greek Testament. Members are free to join one or more of these circles, or to take any other subject preferred. Any per sons interested in profitable home reading are eligible as members The subscription, 3s. 6d*. a year, which entities to a monthly post free copy of the magazine and ail other privileges of the union, will be received by the Secretary and Treasurer (Miss Downs) at the Girls' Grammar School. In connection with tbepara.j.t-aph published elsewhere in this issue, with reference to the exports for November, it u interesting to uote that of exports to the rjucf £:-l.V.T4O, which left here in the month £14i,7_'l was tfeut to Britain, £144,875 to New South Wales, and £15,7&? to Victoria, which leaves a balance of £9002 as the value of the goods c\ported to other cocniriesi. All the £old went to New South Wales. It should have been men tioned that the exports of gold for the month showed a decrease of CmSvz. Odwt. 6gr. aa compared with those of the previous corres ponding period, the exports of meat a decrease of (H'2,101 Hi., and the exports of tallow a de crease of 251 tons 1 7 dw~t, 1 gr. The ordinary mout-hly meeting of the Dince&au; Council of the Church of England took place on Wednesday evening in the school room of St. Paul's Church. There were present lUshop Dawea (Chairman), the Rev. A. H- Julius, the Kev. A. Richards, and MebBtB. H. Woodd, R. FoulL^, J. C. Tyler, and H. Mills. Apologies for uouatteudance were received from Messrs. F. H. B. Turner. W. Spier, and R. A. Ranking. The business was chiefly of a routine character, grants in aid of the work of the Church being considered nod made. The Chairman reported that as he would be away from Rockhampton in January attending the forthcoming church congress at Hnbart. there woula be no meet ing of the council next month. UnrChflders correspondent, says the Mary borough CJiTonicte of Saturday, wired to us yesterday the satisfactory information that the Colonial Sugar Refining Company h&d; decided to have a mill readv for crushing in 1895\. The Isis farm-rs who are under agree ment with the oQitip&ity; will \te delighted to hear this. It was the original intention not to commence operations till 181*5, but a petition was recently sent to llx- directors ot the company in Sydney, urging that crushing should commence a year earlier. This re quest has now been acceded to. Probably in sis. or seven months' time the company will commence the erection of mill and plant aud the laying of tramways. Something over £80,4)00 is to be pnt into the concern. The Townville corrctspondenr of the Bri* htuu: Ootirier, telegraphing on the 30th of November, says : — ?* At the meeting of the Municipal Council to-day a letter was~reccived from the Treasury ruspecUni: lite arrears doc for interest and redemption --u loans, statin' that the council must arrange for the punctual payment of their loan iudcitleducsu, and that if the special rates wore iubulHcient the tnnnicipatity bad power under the Valuation and Hating . Act to levy such amount as tnifrfu be sufficient. A long- discussion took place on the subject, it being contended tliat the council h?d shown tbe Government that any further reductiou in the endowment would cause tremble. There was uo intention to repudiate, but the council bad been tem porarily in difficulties like tbe banks and nearly all public institutions, but that they were Dow in a position lo oea*l a cheque. The Mayor said he thought there wuuld be sufficient money in the liaiik to meet the cheque by the timi? it bus returnwL It tres eventually resolved that the Colonial Trea surer be informed that the council were doing their best to raise the money, which would pointed oat that the overdraft on -;eueral account was £11,11)5, and a letter had been received from the Bank of North Queensland to the effect that the rate of interest would be raised to eight pta* cunt until further notice One aidenuan, in iliscus&iug; the letter, said that, alcaou^rli tbe banks had be&i; favourably treated by the iiuvvnimtut, the very moment they rroi some one else un The delegates who have been inspecting the laud on Rockybank nm rcsniuptiou, near Roma, with a. view to the settlement of co-operative communities, says the fJrixbatte Courier, liave returned to Urisbaue. Dele gates of the Barloivtowu, llyniestowu. Nil Uesperaudtim, Excel I*iouecrs, Obertou Model, rieliaoce, aud Reujlutf gruaps leSt Brisbane for Roma on the 21st- of November, aud on their arrival were met by Mr. Jack sou, Land Commissioner, aud! Air. frteele. Government Surveyor, who throughout the visit- paid the delegates the greatest attention. Mr. Steelc, the delegates surfed for the tilt* submitted for their inspection, which were duly inspected. Visits were paid lo the respective portions, aud the opinion ex pressed by the nioi-e Kimjiiioe of the party is that the ( lovcrniiicnt could not have chosen a more suitable spot for an experiment of the kind. The total area of the seven portions is 42,000 acres. They are well watered by the Yalebone and Back creeks, and t he soil is regarded by t hose acquainted with such matters as on the whole very serviceable for agricultural purposes. The creek abounds wiih tish of various descriptions, and the water U excellent for drinking purposes. Tbe delegates oS ihe Bat lowtowu. Excel Pioneers, Oberton Model, and Nil Dcsperandnin have selected sites on the banks of the Yaltbone Creek, and are perfectly well satisfied with their choice. The delegates of the reinainio£ three groups, however, did not approve of the laud, as they considered it was of too great a distance from Roma, the nearest block being about sixteen miles from that town. The delegates, who returned to town last Tuesday and Wednes day, will at once make their reports to the members of the respective groups, and the application forms vul then be filled in and t presented' to the Government. 