LOCAL AND UENEfUL NEWS The Bank Issue Act. — MinRtera state that there is now no necessity for a proclamation under the Bank Issue Act making notes a legal tender, but though the probability of it being required is considered to be remote, a proclamation hsvs been dratted, and is ready for immediate use. On the whole, the Government is well satisfied with the course of events since the passing of the Act. Locki.vo-up Minks. — The 'Western A.dvocate' (Orange), in its issue of May 10, thus deals with a defect in our mining laws : — Nothing has had a more potent influence in retarding the mining development of some places in this and other districts than thi; reprohensible'pract.ice'of parties holding mineral claims, for the only work t hey ever do is to walk round and relocate them year after year, never disturbing enough ground to bury a mountain rat. In this way areas of immense possibilities are tied up by a doginthe manger method which refuses per mission to work the ground or allow it to be worked. Nkw Insolvent. — HerculesO'Keefe, of Queanbeyan (on petition of Hill, Clark and Co.) The Single Meeting in the insol vency of George Peisley, of Cooma, will be held at the Court House, Beg-., on 31st May. Poblic School Repairs. — Tenders, to close on 1st June, arc called in the ' Government Gazette ' for improve ments to the public school buildings and repairs to the school grounds at Cooma. Specifications way be seen at the school. Miss M. Byrne, second daughter of Sub-inspector Byrne, of Cooma, is about to enter the Dominican Coo vent at Maitland as a postulant. * The Tkndkr of Mr- A. J. Kinshela, (at £11 n mile and .additional wire at £3 a mile) has been accepted for tbe erection of a telegraph line from Dele gate to Craigie. Metbopohtan Populations. — Ap- pended is the population of the Aus tralasian capitals: — Sydney (N.S.W) 405,490 : Melbourne (Vic.) 481,550; Brisbane (Q.) 94,046 .; Adelaide (S.A.) 134,670; Hobart -Tas.) 34,449; Wol lington (N.Z.) 35,347 ; Perth (W.A.) 10,578] Sydney has the lowest death rate(13-59) pw 1000 and Perth (W.A.) the highest (27-23) ; Hobart (Tas.) is next highest (22-12). Cooma Quartbr Sessions on Thurs day. There are only two cases : Jane Bicketts (Cootalantra), abandonment of an infant ; Edward Rowe, sheep stealing. Mr. Robert Evans, of Kiah Lake, returned to Cooma from Sydney a few hours after he reached the metropolis. He could not stand the big smoke, and be declares that if the train had not taknn him he would have walked home sooner than stay ' down there.' The fHrcATHEN Chinee. — The Bathurst Times of May 10 reported that aChineseappearedbeforethelocalbench on iihe same day to answer a charge of having Allowed animals to stray. He wns ordered to pay £2 Is. Upon being told by the interpreter the amount, ho asked for time to pay it. In answer to the P.M., the interpreter said that accused had two horses on which to levy, and the Court accord ingly allowed seven days to pay the fine. When acquainted with this fact, be stated that the fine was ' too m Lichee.' This was followed by a burst of laughter. After waiting a few moments and seeing the court was resolute, he created i further burst of merriment by drawing out his purse, and, with a disgusted air, paying tbe full amount. Cooma Band Sports on Queen's Birthday on the show ground promise to be a success. Nominations close to morrow ^Wednesday). The Cooma Municipal Council holds a special meeting this evening to consider tenders from persons willing to perform the duties of Inspector of Nuisances. Not a great many are hankering after the honourous position. Manaro Labour Electoral Lea gue. — The committee of the Manaro Labour Electoral League met on Saturday night at Dodds' Hotel, Cooma. Ten members were present. Correspondence was read from Bom halo, Adatuinaby, Jindabyne, and Jingera. The secretary reported that the labour unions had decided to as sist iu the return of candidates ap proved of and selected by members in all electorates The following resolu tion was unanimously adopted — ' Tbat officers be authorised to call for no minations of persons willing to contest one seat in the interests of labour at the next election.' The secretary was instructed to advertise in accordance with the labour platform in the four Manuro papers. After some routine business the meeting adjourned. The Sports at Boloco (Mr. Cogan's) on Queen's Birthday in aid of the church should prove a great attraction to holiday makers, especially as they include horse-racing for trophies. The entries have filled in well. Coroners' Juries. — Mr. Chapman was to ask the Minister for Justice in the Assemblv on Friday : — Has he the power to authorise coroners to summon juries of five only, instead of as at pre sent summoning 12 ? If so, will he, in the interest of retrenchment, and to save the tine and inconvenience of thousands of jurymen, cause a circular to be issued to coroners directing them to summon five only, excepting in cases which shall appear to be of special im portance \ Football. — The first foot ball game of the season in Cooma was played on the showground on . Saturday, when tho Our Boys mem hers had a practice. A meeting of the club was held at Mullune's Hotel in the evening. It was decided to play for the future on the showground in preference to the Polo ground. Instructions were given to re-inark and prepare the ground for future matches. A new bail was ordered, and it was resolved to have some rules printed. Other minor matters having been attended to, the ' meeting terminated. Flood Relief FunpSj— In view of the urgent necessity for relief in Queensland having been satisfied, th&- secretary of tho local fund (Mr.Haxby)- acting on the advice of his committee, . has forwarded a draft for £100 to the central hon. secretaries to the New South Wales Flood Relief Fund, Syd ney, to be applied towards relieving. the distress occasioned by the late disastrous floods on tie northern rivers. The list of subscribers wild shortly appear in print. Road SpEciFiCATiotrs. — Specifics- . tions for road work on the road Bom— I bala to Nimitybelle, are to be seen at ? * the Court House, Cooma, by con tractors. Tenders close on tho 20th instant. Of Importance to Suitors. — Atr. the last Small Debts Court held in . Cooma, in the matter of .the assigned-'* estate of Ah Yow y. Ah Kin, Nimity- - belle, Mr. Love, PlM., ruled that as ?- Nimitybelle was in the general police district of Cooma all summonses were returnable at the Cooma Court, inde pendently of any local divisions of the - district. As this applied to all places within the Cooma police boundaries, it will be convenient for suitors, who* need not pursue a defendant to out-of. the-way townships. The costs of a plaint returnable, nt Cooma are also much less than if the case was heard at ? an outside court. Illness of the Rev. M. E. O'Brien — We regret to learn that the Rev.. M. E. O'Brien, Rector of St. Patrick's . Cooma, has been seriously ill, although, he is on the mend now. Dr. Donovan, is attending him, and attributes the indisposition tocold and a recent journey ? of the rev. father to Wagga and back Rest is advised as the chief restorative.. . 'Night Oivl' wants to know why in thunder the lighting contractor puts ? out the Cooma lights at the witching. hour when there is no moon around. . He says he saw fifteen ghosts (goats ?)?- on Sunday night (or rather on Monday morning) between Roddan's and the-^ Royal, and stumbled against ten as sorted rocks. 