SNAP SHOTS. [By AT E. T.] Fremantle v. Rovers. At Fremantle to-morrow. Are the amber and black in it ? The Invincibles are now strongly in the lead. The premiership all over, bar shouting. The cardinal and blue have just a ghost of a chance. They will require to win every match now to come out on top. A good game last Saturday, but anything but a scientific exhibition. The ground was lovely for acrobatic feats and the ball sweet and greasy. Nevertheless Paddy Knox and his gal lant band got there just the same ! The Rovers have another dark horse in the running to-morrow. The red and white intend to do some shooting for goals to-morrow afternoon. Townley's run down the wing last Satur day was a dashing bit of play. Carey, Beere and Preece were seen to ad vantage for the Portonians. Eddie Bishop and Everett played well for the cardinal and blue. Tommy Allen and L. Bateman were both good iron for the red and white. Jack Kneale played the game for the Wests, being1 always reliable. The mighty Fan- ant did some creditable ruck work, and scored heavily. The York boys put the Rovers through to the tune of 4 goals to 1. Oldham played a dashing game last Saturday for the red and white. Rubber Hardwick grafted hard on the wing, and -was brilliant at times. Sinclair was 'off color' a bit, owing to illness. Paddy Knox played a good game as usual and worked his team well. Captain Sykes evidently doesn't like a wet turf. He was occasionally all abroad. McDonald marked splendidly, and was one of the best for the Wests. Captain Randell will make the endeavor to lower the red and white colors tomor row. Charley Brown gave and received more little marks than any other man on the field on Saturday. Fremantle 1 goal 7 behinds to West Perth 2 behinds, does'nt look such a lick ing. Billy Grundy was nearly equalising mat ters. That kick out of the ruck was near enough to be pleasant. Shard also did not seem to like the wet weather. Too much wet is a bad thing. Harry Fay was the only goal kicker of Satiu'day. He secured the only easy chance going, and scored. = A- well- known barracker says West Perth lacks dash this season, and are too fond of roving. The Wests visiting Newcastle and York. A good contest expected at both places. Duffy rather lacked firmness on Satur day ; but notwithstanding he endeavoured to do his unthankful duty fairly and im partially. The Rovers had a good time at York, well recived by the local sports, and got a special invitej;o attend the circus in the evening. Fremantle played a grand game last Satiu-day, despite the wet, the slippery state of the turf, and the greasy ball. They attacked in grand style, and played on the ball much more effectively than their op ponents. The effort to establish the 'accident fimd' of the West Perth club, by making a collection last Saturday, was scarcely successful. A total sum of .£3 6s. was col lected, and as a nominal fee was paid out of this for the band, the balance was hardly worth mentioning. There is some talk of a game in costume, to be followed by a masked ball, for the same object. 