[?] MATCHED AND MATED. A ROMANCE IN REAL LIFE. By Mks Shaokell. [Authoress of ' Broken Life, ' 'Re tribution,' etc.] CHAPTER XII. Spring had come again, bringing its wealth of leaf and bud, and Hugo Brandon was able to walk slowly about the garden and grounds of Ma father's residence, worn and pale, the ghost of his former self, but with returning health, and his mind wholly restored. Pauline never left him, she was his nurse and companion since the day she found him. They never mentioned the attempted murder to him till the doctor assured them that his mind was sufficiently res tored to safely speak upon any subject. They were all sitting under the trees one day. Hugo seemed much better than usual. Tbe Judge thought ifc high time to broach the subject of the attempted murder. 'Hugo, my lad,' he commenced, ' do you remember anything of thia mysterious affair ? How did you get knocked on the head, if I may use the expression ? ' ' Indeed you may,for I was knocked on the head. I remember ifc well. That night when I left the house I was in even ing dress. I only pulled on my great coat and cap. When I had reached the pier the boats had ceased running. I engaged a negro to pull me over to Sydney. Just as we had pushed well out he struck mo a fearful blow on the head. I was completely stunned. He must have flung me overboard then, for I came to my senses in the water. I don't remember another atom of the affair.' ' Well, my boy,' said the Judge, ' you were found in the morning on Goafc Island in a perfectly naked state. So there waB nothing left to lead to your identification. Only for the sister of mercy we would never have found you.' ' God bless her,' cried Mrs Brandon and Pauline in one voice. ' It ia a clear case of robbery, ' said the Judge. ' It was,' said Hugo. ' I had thirty pounds in gold in my pocket, and a few shillings too. I remember pulling up a handful to get the boat fare.' They had ali they required now — that the negro stripped him for the sake of his clothes, or to prevent his being identi fied. They put the case in the hands of the best detectives and succeeded in tracing the clothes, which were sold to some Jews, also his jewelry, but the negro had gone no one knew whither. He was well known as a boatman, but since that date he waa never heard of. Hugo said he was very glad, for they might hang him if they caught him. ' 1 want no black mark on my life. Prom this all our troubles are over, eh, Kitty ?' 'I, too, am glad, for if they found end hanged him ifc would bo another sorrow to ub, in addition to what we have iuffered through my having carried my joke too far.' ' Still, 'tis a pity to let the rascal go ecot free. Were it not for Paulina I should have all the detectives in the world told oub to find him.' 'And then,' eaid Hugo, 'you would be hanging the wrong man, perhaps, after all. Who could swear to a blackfellow V 'Fancy a n.an being wrongfully hanged through me,' said Pauline shuddering. 'How dreadful everything ia done in circumstantial evidence. Ono is never sure. Pray Mr Justice Brandon,' con tinued Bhe pertly, ' how many times have you worn the black cap during thoBe mis carriages of justice ? ' 'Never,I hope, my dear,' said the gentle Judge. ' It is alwayH a most painful ordeal, even whep the wretch pleads guilty, but I will tell you something which happened when I waa a law student. It is a sad but a true story. This, of course, was in England. An oH man and his only son lived together in a small cottage. The son was a most affectionate, good fellow, and loved his father dearly. The old man k9pt a garden, the proceeds of which helped tfem, and the cultivation gave him employment. The younger man followed the calling of a hawker. He sold drapery and jewelry about the countryf and between the two they made a very good living. One night, during the absence of the son, the old man had a strange dream. He dreamed he saw his son murdered, and buried under the branches of trees in a part of the forest which he was well acquainted with. He woke up in a fear ful state, and so vivid did the dream seem that he dressed in haste, and taking his staff in his hand, walked 50 miles to the very spot. There he stopped to place his stick upon the dead body of his mon. The poor fellow had been robbed of hia pack, and shot through the heart. Two poachers were arrested Boon afterwards, father and son, too. Some of the stolen goods were found in the son's house. He was tried, circumotantial evidence found him guilty, and although pleading inno cence to the last, he was hanged. Many years afterwards the father lay upon his death bed. In his last moments he sent for & magistrate, and confessed that it was himself who committed the murder which his unhappy son had suffered death for. Let us hope he made his peace with hia offended God.' During the time of Hugo's convales cence, the Bister of mercy came regularly to visit him. As they became more acquainted with her, they loved her more, individually as well as for all Bhe did for them. One day she sat with them as usual. Hugo was so muoh improved in health that Bhe remarked her visits should now cease altogether. They all cried out against this. ' My order forbids it,' she replied. ' A sister of mercy may only visit the Biok and the poor. We leave the world when we enter into religiouB orders.' ' flow terrible it must be to be a nun,' said Mrs Brandon. 'No, indeed, replied the siBter.' 'It is a great happineaa to live for the Lord alone ; to visit His poor and sick and help, them with all we have.' ' But,' Baid Mrs Brandon, ' you can do that, and live in the world, too. Why cloister yourself ? ' Pauline answered for the sister. ' Much we could do, indeed, out in the world. What do we think of the poor who don't ask of us ? Which of us would do with out our Bilks and jewels to spend all our money on the poor ? Ho»r many of us would risk disease and death, watching beside the fever bed in the stifling hospital ? Which of us would linger day after day beside a de lirious stranger, watching for a glimmer of reason to fiud him hia f riendB 1 Ah, most of us would shun the very name of fear. I think nuns are angela,' Bhe cried warmly. ' Only that I have Hugo well again, I assure you I would turn Roman Catholic and join your convent myself. A sister of mercy will be alwaya some thing very dear to me.' ' To us all,' they cried. ' If you really cannot come again,' said Mra Brandon, 'we at least can visit you.' ' Oh, yes,' replied the sister, ? we BhalL be delighted to Bee you at the convent.' ' I have written a cheque,' added Pau line, 'which I wish you to spend on friendless people whom you may meet at; tke hospitals. Thia iB a fitting oppor tuuity to present it.1 The sister blessed her in the name of the suffering poor as Bhe took the cheque. '1 wish you would tell us how you came to be a nun,' said Alice, ' if thiB is to bo our last gathering here.' * Oh, do tell us,' they all exclaimed. 'It ia a Bad story,' answered the nun; ? but if you really wish to hear it, I shall tell you.' They all settled themselves for an at tentive hearing, and the nun began her story. ? You know already that I am Freijoh^ my accent tella my nation. I was born at Aix, near Provence, in the south of: Prance. My father was a professor of music. I was hia only child and we were . very happy. When I was eighteen years ; old I was betrothed to Eugene de Large. He was twenty- one, and also a musician. . Some friends of hia in Melbourne induced ; Eugene to go there, which he did. Our ? first parting, though hopeful, was a. sorrowful one. He left ub with the idea- of improving his position, and when hav ing achieved his purpose to send for me . to be his wife. For three years we kept up a regular correspondence ; hia letter were full of love, and I trusted him and waa happy. I was just twenty-one when, lie Bent for me to be his wife, He then* had an income of about £300 a year ; we thought that a very good position, and I left home with tho full consent of my father. I went out to Melbourne under the care of the captain's wife. Eugene said he had good friends to receive me— the English family with whom I was to live, till arrangements conld be made for our marriage. When I landed in Melbourne, Eugene and thia English lady ca«ne to meet me. They took me to their house. From the first I thought them cold and reserved towards me. I naturally attributed this to their English ways and my ignorance and inexperience of them. The father, Mr Graham, was something in the Government. They had two daughters and both were studying music under Eugene. Mrs Graham was both mistress and master in that hon-e. She ruled her huaband and her daughters with an iron hand. They all seemed afraid other, even Eugene seemed to share in . the general terror of Mrs Graham. From morning till night her high-pitched, jarring voice never ceased. The girls Beemed ill at ease and unhappy. Between themselves they called her ' Gunnie,' which meant gun. Indeed she was held in as muoh terror by them as a loaded gun. The two girls did all the work; they kept no servant. They had a very nice house,fashionably and tastefully furnished. When eveniner came on evervthiner was changed. Mrs Graham was a most charming and amiable hostess. They received a great deal of company, and bad a most fashionable at home once a week. Mr Graham acted as a sort of butler on these nights. He waB a little grey headed, grey bearded, shrewd looking man, silent and preoccupied in manner. He joined in nothing, and was always in readiness to slip out of the drawing-room to answer each ring at the door bell. The chief amusements there were music and playing cards. Mrs Graham was a perfeot gambler. She played invari ably from eight till twelve p. m. Ttia RAmA HAt. nf rtannln n.lnravra nama there, young girls and very fashionably dressed men. Both the girls played very well indeed, and they were, though not in the least alike, exceedingly pretty. Beatrice, the eldest Miss Graham, had dark hair and pretty grey eyes. They called her Bee ; while the younger Bister's name was Barbara, and they called her Baa So they were Bee and Baa. Mr and Mrs Graham used to call them ' the Bae's,' on account of bses being such busy little creatures. Bee was the wit of those evenings. She wa« ?o lively, and her playing was per feot. I thought at first that Eugene w&i; prouder of her than any of his pupils. He seldom left her side From the first I felt myself isolated and neglected. 1 was simply introduced to the visitors, and then left by myself all the evening. No one spoke to me, and, although I 'spoke English fairly well, they always addressed me In French. Mrs Graham would couple Bee's name with that of Eugene. They played duets together, and then Eugene, Baa, and Boe would play trios. Then Bee and Baa would play a duet, and Eugene would atand by and turn over the music. All the people seemed to recognise Bee and Eugene aa engaged people. Mrs Graham ?poke to him and of him as if he were her property, and where he sat Bee always sat beside him. I thought him very unhappy. Whenever he came to visit me either Bee or her mother would always remain in the room.' A gasp from Alice made them all start and turn their eyes In ner direction. Her face was convulsed with agony, her hands clasped painfully, the tears were falling on her hands. ' Ah,' cried the sister, c my story is distressing you, Miss De Pryon, but I am nearly at the end of it now. You tuust know not a word of our marriage was ever spoken of,' said the sister, as she watched Alice trying to compose her eountenance. ' Indeed, they never gave him an opportunity. So I resolved to go away. To return to my own country now ?was impossible ; I had no one to advise me, a poor foreigner in a strange land. I resolved to get employment and go away from them all. For this purpose I got a copy of the Argus, and when they were busy I would go out on the balcony and look over the advertisements. One day I was out there, it was very hot and the drawing room blinds were down. I was only a short time absent when I heard Eugene's voice in the drawing room talking to Bee. I supposed he had come to give the lessons. I could not. help hearing what they said, they were talking of me. I heard them speak of me — oh, in such terms ! Then 1 heard him kiss. What was I to do but remain there and hear that I was in his way, and that he wanted to marry Bee ? That night while they were at dinner 1 stole away. I sent for my luggage next day. I got employed aa French and music governesB in a convent. After about two yeara when I knew I had thoroughly conquered my heart and renounced the world, when [ knew I had forgiven those who had trespassed against me, when I could say ? Thy will not mine be done,' I took the veil of our order. I am very happy. That is my story.' A deep Bigh of sympathy reached her from her little audience.None could doubt that Bhe was happy, for a smile of apiritual istic radiance animated her face. She had loved once, poor little soul, and the rest of her life was given to her God. ' But what of Eugene V enquired Mrs Brandon. ' I never heard of any of them again, ' said the nun. ' Well, I think you let them off too easily^remarked the Judge. ' That Eugene wanted horse- whipping, and those Gra hams should be exnoaed.' ' Ah, no,' said she sweetly, ' it is quite evident that Bee had enchanted nim. 1 would never be happy with him, as it is I am perfectly so. ' Tia past — that iB my story.' A visitor was then announced He was our friend Mr Clifford, this being Mb first visit since his trip from. England. He had been to England and back again since laB- we met him. Judge his surprise on hearing of Hugo's misad venture. It did not take them very long to relate the whole Btory to him. The change from Kitty into Pauline was the greatest part of his surprise. He asked exactly the same question Hugo asked. ' Who then was the other Pauline V ' GoodnesB gracious ! ' he exclaimed, looking from one to the other, and, no doubt, thinking the lady he pro posed to was not an heiress after all. WJien he had somewhat recovered him self he laughed and said it was ' weally a good joke. A fellah nevah knows which is which now when he remarks anything.' ' I must go,' said the siBter of mercy. ' This is indeed good-by. I hope to see you all again, but not here ; thia is my last viBit.' With tear-dimmed eyes they Baw her off, their loved and valued friend, and as her name will never be again mentioned in these pages, except in passing refer ence, I will tell you here that she lived a good and faithful sister of mercy, doing good until her death, which took place in her thirty- eighth year. They entered again into the details of their finding Hugo, and how by the wonderful interposition of Providence he mentioned the name of Kitty in his delirium, and that the Bister advertised the name just when Mrs Brandon advertised for Hugo to return, and how the two advertisements had caught the eye of Pauline. ' Wonderful, said Clifford. ' Ifc is just like what one would wead in a novel. I weally shall weave the whole thing into a story ; how well it will look in print — A romance in real life.' ' I hope you will not,' replied Pauline, 'for you are certain to make me the wicked heroine, but 1 can tell you of someone more wicked than myself for your story. Do you happen to know any nnn in Melbourne named Graham t ' 'Yes,' replied Clifford. 'I know a fellow named Jim Graham.' ' No, that isn't it. We want a Mr and Mrs Graham and two daughters. Oh, the Bees,' laughed Clifford, ' by Jove. Yes ! I have good reason to know them. Many a lively night I spent there, and many a sovereign I lost, too. By Jove ! Shilling nap runs up.' ' The same ! The same ! cried Hugo and Pauline in one voice. Even the Judge and Mrs Brandon wanted to hear more of the Grahams. 'Oh, tell us all about them,Mr Clifford, we are dying to hear/ pleaded Pauline. 1 Well,' commenced Clifford, ' the old j chap ia in a Government office— a £300 ' per year man, and they live quite up to it. -t When first I knew them,, six or Beven years ago, they were considered very nice girls, and received in pretty good society. Their mother, I think, spoiled them. She was always sighing after the unattainable —Blighting fellows who would be likely to marry her daughters, and laying siege and pandering to people altogether beyond their sphere. The elder girl, Bee, was then engaged to a most respectable fellow, a Frenchman named DeLaye.' ' Yes,' interrupted Pauline, ' did Bhe marry him ?' 'Ko, by Jove, she didn't ; worse luck for her,' replied Clifford. ' It waa per fectly Bhameful the way she treated that poor fellow. She waa publicly engaged to him. * He spent his money freely on them, too. He gave her lovely diamond rings and other jewels, which she didn't have even the common decency to return. You would never see De Laye without old Graham hanging on his arm. They almost lived in the theatres, most of the time on Da Laye's money and the rest on orders. What a hubbub there was to be sure when Bee threw him off.' ' Did she throw him over then V ' Yes. It happened like this,' con tinued Clifford. 'They had a grand bazaar in Melbourne, all the girls every where were helping ; the Graham girls were quite the rage then. It is funny how the conversation came up about the Grahams,1 Baid he, 'do any of you know them?' All faces were bent forward eagerly listening, all looking flushed but Alice's. She was white as marble. An agonised exnreBsion was on her face 1 She waa clasping and unclasping her hands ner vously, the black thumb Btall painfnlly showing on her bloodless fingers. Clifford gazed at her for a few moments, and asked her if sb e were ill. ' No, yes, that is the sister's story, you know.' ' Enough to make anyone ill,' they all cried together. 'Do you know,' said Hugo, 'dear old Clifford,, you are telling the second part of a story related to us by that little siBter of mercy you met here, to-day. She was engaged fto De Laye, and that Bee Graham cut, hnr nut.' 1 Most remarkable,' again exclaimed Clifford. I really must make a novel out of it all.' 'Now no more interruptions,' said the Judge. ' Pray proceed Clifford.' Again they were interrupted by the maid with afternoon tea. During the tea time Pauline frequently expressed her delight that the Graham girl served the Frenchman out. ' Now then, tea and scandal,' said Mrs Brandon. (To be continued.) The electric motor is destined to be the poor mechanic's friend. Its management and control. is simple, its service is in direct a»d immediate command, it requires no regular engineer or fuel, and in economy of space occupied ifc has no com petitor. 