MY BY. DAY. BOINGS IN AUSTRALIA AND THEREABOUT. (CHl.ONICLED BY RANDOLPH BEDFOED.] A WEEKLY RESUME OF HAPPEN- WITHIN THE FEDERATION- 3fe f Copyright 1S33, The Federal Auodation e/JourmlUU.' MELBOURNE, 5th December. In the year of disgrace '93. a coroner's jury,-by direction of the coroner, has found that one James Costello, who was refused admission to the Melbourne Hospital, and who died some few hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costelio,: a quarryinan, was struck by the handle of: a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A fellowworkman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Flayer treated him as suffering only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costello to the hospital and refused, saying, "There is nothing the matter with him, he's shamming." So Dempsey took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently treated.. However, he died next morning. The natural direct conelusion from all this i£ that if Player doesn t know enough to differentiate between shamming and paralysis, he has just sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr Yfcil.ton the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and theinsufficient accommodation caused the refuel of admission to Costello,' but the-man couldn't live anyway, and the doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death or not matters little, it is sufficient for us Jo know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause—" the depressed financial state." Cause of that again—" the bank boodiers who weep about the injustice of their prosecution by the law." It would appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria are the cause of everything. Meanwhile James Costello is exceedingly <lead—said death has been rendered more unbearable by the refusal of a see- naught doctor. This is a great country to have your back broken in— really it is. Premier Patterson goes to the Alps, that grxSl old explorer, Lands- Secretary Howitt, piloting bim to Omeo by a new track. Lands-Minister M'Intyre has landed at the fifuS"(M.L.), and is to beshown all over the village settlements and the meat-freezing -works by officers of the Maoriland Government, who will point out the Moa and tfcrj; 1 " Dodo, and - the Woman's Suffrage League, and other things while they are «sting themselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since; he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory M'Coll, are not going anywhere up Hp date. This alleged " back bone " ministry is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so is k steam roller, ' don't make a Premier of a steam rt»ljefr~that is not very often. As for the the team, my possession of about a ggpon "of the milk of human kindness, picyents the mentioning them further. One 3tjwjwise law-abiding man will ever be execcytiid by an obscure few for having conin the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified book- fiend, whose h^ad might have beep a head veiy long ago, tftjt.which now has the appearance of having been _dut«ped in a. wool press. JTo tiifc uninitiated a rcportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing, when 'it is. really a miserable existence, that is to the. jman who Jias any opinion of his own, attyL^ something more thai? % king parrot. The ; standard of- daily iq- urijatysjj) .18 such that in any big population 90 per ceijt. of the available, literary ability is attracted to th£ weeklies and magazines. The dailj paper is the literature of the mass, and, therefore, either ;the good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre—the people wljo know just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with "It took well Bnd.gave pleasure to all." The mm who Brs poo good to remain reporters all their lives, .are as much outside the daily as the fnen.whp haye sufficient journalistic ability to" be -clerks" aod not enough to write r^ajcagiaphs about railway returns or to reoenlihe dodderings of the fat pae» of the legislature. Why don't these incapables dp something else, say you ? Because in outliyjng the glamour-time when they thought -fceportorial work was all honor and glory, theyhave out-lived all fitness for anything bnt^alting paragraphs and death. The shamelessly-sweating evening papers paythese incapables anything from ten shdljings.to a pound a week for doing all the -news of a suburban district. Young iny^PfMff, middle- aged, careless mediocrities, <>ld~jBen wfao were once fairly successful and hare dropped out of the running, fill these portions. One of these suburban corresr poadeflts died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation was only a result—that the cause was starvation. While this man died of simply want of tucker,. a dull and respectable section of reporters award themselves medals—(why not tripe by die way)—and tfje r£g which employed the dead scribbler talks nolily of theduty we owe our fellows, and is published In fin : atmosphere half meanness and half cant, The journalist is always poor, and, therefore, has a direct interest in breaking down" the .' monopolies of land and opportunity which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily press, one half corruption' j.asd the other half blockhead, and yet thegonrnalist goes on from decade to decade, supporting bis natural enemy. " These things'make me very, very tired. I always . wite verse when I am weary. See some fee re. • You must understand that a sub- ^dtfor's duty is not so much to put things Snto the paper as to keep things out, i.e., things that reflect on the man with the Paris fiat; -Now then, ghost of the starved corres pondent, and mediocrities ^yho will go the saiqe way in the logical course of fyepts, are you'Jistening ? TVt fcihe news back's end—this is bis bitter meed— JJe^rtlolias earned his bread by daily destroying the trmb, ffie jrho iatft scfd himself tothe Rag in his daily 'need— ftotUess the truth be sl^w—ijrjw does he know no rath— Renegades all from the men of the people, whose men are ye— Spies for the enemy, slain at last by the enemy. Ve bave grown old in lies. Bees of the daily rag! Closing your eyes to the truth; writing as you've been hired; Drowning a new world's cry with whoops for a " king-corsed flag; Hdping vto stamp on them by whom ye were :-. fcome and sired; And at last, when your eyes are iyith the Rag- _ work's premature age, fhe cashier rules your account in red and turns to ie lhe new slave's page. Men bf the many are ye—Claquers are ye for the v . Few, Buttor ye People's men, earning by lying your ~"Tneat, - ^ By upholding the old which is dead, by stifling the Good which is New— The mass would reach sooner t^e spoil, but ye make the way slip from their feet; For ye of the army of wrong are "worse than the soldiers* of swords, They deal for the few paltry wounds—ye fight with • -indelible words. Blind are ye! Blind are ye all! that ye see not ; -the People's strength. Blind are ye J Blind are ye all all! that ye see . not the foe's decay; Desert ye your taskmaster's ranks 'ere the war-shock \- ^me at length. And ye-tarry so long in the dark that your eyes \- . grpw blind tg the day, tie then no more for your foes) Truth is your brother's meed! §4Mn not folkwin^ Ragsi Lead oa the Prists 