CRICKET CHATTER. BY FELIX. The third round of pennant matches has closed, and North Melbourne stands on top an unbeaten team. When they started against East Melbourne it was thought that the match would be one of the best of the season; but the issue shows North first, East nowhere. How it came to pass that the Jolimonters made such a sorry exhibition I do not know. Of course luck is considerable of an element in cricket, but can you put it down to luck that the East go under every time North tackle them? I think you cannot. Credit must be given to the victors, and in my judgment the North deserve full measure. On paper before a ball was bowled it seemed to me that the East looked the stronger side; but when the actual test came North simply waltzed home with an innings and 32 runs to spare. The fine innings of Harry Stuckey had much to do in bringing about the decisive victory; but all round the Northerners worked in the most admirable manner, and in Houston they have a skipper who, as a rule, handles his team excellently well, and is up to every move on the board. The East at the close of play on the second day, had lost 8 wickets for 112, and if the clerk of the weather had been specially consulted he could not have provided a more agreeable afternoon for batsmen. Fleecy clouds, bright sunshine, perfect light, gentle breeze-- could any cricketer wish for more? As I sat and watched Costello and Letcher at the crease I felt as if I would like to be there my- self, so inviting, was the picture, so genial the time. The pair took the score to 151, when Costello, in trying a second run off Carlton, was unable to get home. The retiring bats- man got his runs by sound strokes. Gordon stayed long enough to get 3, and succumbed to a breakback from Carlton. The innings terminated for 164, and Letcher, who had made 41 not out, was warmly greeted on re- turning to the pavilion. His performance was decidedly meritorious. Carlton secured 6 wickets for 66 off 167 balls, and Maplestone took 3 for 52 off 144 balls. The East started the follow-on at about 10 minutes past 3, and at 5 o'clock (batting Lewis short) they were out for 165. The cleanest and best cricket in this innings was J. Harry s 31. He made three or four beauti- fully sweet and clean cuts, and one grand off- drive off "Mape." Harry got out through holding his bat at the wrong angle in cutting Maplestone. The old Bendigonian's spirited and attractive batting elicited very favourable comment. Letcher, who had gone in first, fell for 8, and his downfall was caused by a desire to punish Maplestone's deliveries. The batsman went at the wrong ball, and was caught by G. Bean at third man. P. M'Alister put to- gether 46, which included one off drive that could hardly have been im- proved upon. When he had made 8 Pete was badly missed by Fox off Carlton. The batsman was out of his ground more than a yard; but Fox failed to take the ball. Pete made some nice cuts, and two or three sound leg hits. Eight fourers are credited to him. He did not like the "leg before" decision against him, his statement being that he played the ball first. One thing is certain, namely, that Pete got dead in front, for I was right behind the wicket, and saw him step in front. Vautin totted up 36 not out, vigorously; but before starting an account he was mulled at long off by Houston off Carlton. Vautin wound up with four successive fourers, and his score includes a grand on hit right out of the ground off Houston for 6. Laver is re- sponsible for a dozen, and his play was about as poor as he has ever shown, scarcely a stroke being properly timed. He was very finely caught at short slip by E. Bean. Costello played fairly well for 16. Trott was taken superbly at short slip off E. Bean by J. Carlton, who took the chance with his left hand. Murray was com- pletely beaten by a breakback from E. Bean, who also bowled Gordon with a yorker for nought, and came out with the capital figures of 3 wickets for 3 runs off 15 balls. The fielding of North Melbourne was really good, only three or four instances of remiss- ness occurring. Two or three of the catches made were A1, notably one by E. Bean and one by J. Carlton. Fox was not as good with the gloves as on the preceding Satur- day. Having heard East Melbourne say that the pitch was not nearly up to first- class con- dition, I went out and had a look at it. Cer- tainly it was bare of grass in parts, and no doubt this aided bowlers to get a bit of stuff on; but when I note that J. Carlton got only 1 wicket for 63 off 78 balls, and did not bowl a maiden, I am strongly of opinion that the pitch must have been quite up to average East Melbourne pitches of the present day. An EM player said, "Can a pitch be in good order when Dick Houston gets stuff on?" Harry Stuckey replied, "You make a mistake about Dick; he can break a little on most wickets." Break or no break, Richard's average on this occasion is not of a class to inspire terror into the hearts of batsmen. Just read it--24 balls, 33 runs, 0 maidens, 2 wickets, 1 no-ball. I may mention that the North fielded only ten men until the second innings, when the East allowed a substitute for Drape, absent in the country. Harry Stuckey was too unwell to field, and George Gordon allowed a sub. in his case. The match was played in good spirit throughout, but the extremely one-sided turn the play assumed caused all interest to die out, and consequently very few persons put in an appearance on the last day. A few enthu- siastic Northerners and disconsolate East Melbourne men occupied the pavilion, and amongst the visitors was Mr. W. E. P. Okeden, first president of the East Melbourne club, and who, I am pleased to note, has been made a honorary member of the M.C.C. during his stay in Melbourne. For many years Mr. J. Thompson has taken a warm interest in Williamstown cricket, and he was careful to tell me not to visit the Williamstown ground this season until the pavilion received a coat or two of paint. The painting appears to have been done very well, and is just the colour for our hot summer days. The pavilion is one of theprettiest I know, and it looked its very best when I was on the ground. The centre of the turf is as green as water can make it, and visiting teams almost invariably have a good word to say of the wicket and the care bestowed upon it by the curator. I saw Albert Grubb and two or three others prac- tising. Albert seems a hitter. Some time ago the Williamstown fellows made a grand effort to reduce the liabilities of the club, end, I have beard from Mr. Thompson that the bazaar held at the Mechanics' Institute caused a sum of more than £300 to be realised. Mr. Thompson himself headed the fancy-dress procession on the occasion, and his coat of mail was something to be remem- bered, though it was not bullet-proof. The style, I am told, was that of Sir Kenneth, in the /Talisman/. I had not the pleasure of meeting the well-known hon. secretary, Tom Hannah, when I was on the ground, but gather that members cordially concur in stating that Tom deserves the very best thanks for the unremitting atten- tion he has given to the affairs of the club. A bonus to which he was legitimately entitled in connection with the bazaar was handed over by him to the funds of the club. Williamstown sends two delegates to the association, and its member-roll numbers about 200. Lawn tennis is quite a feature in the Williamstown programme, and many ladies in the district indulge in this wholesome recreation. On Saturday Williams played an excellent innings of 87 for Williamstown against St. Kilda, and George Hannah rendered aid with a really good 45 not out. Williams got a very nasty blow from a fast one from M'Shane, and had to retire for a spell. Williamstown totalled 182, but St. Kilda won with 9 wickets to spare, making 89 for one wicket. Keogh (46 not out), and Tandy 28 (not out), played resolute cricket. In the second essay of Williams- town Smith took six wickets. I liked my brief stay on the pleasantly-situated Williams- town ground, and found the breeze from the sea invigorating. Four hundred and sixty-four and 345 for 7 wickets. Such is the very substantial record by University against Eesendon, who, in their one essay, realised 127\. On the preceding Saturday six Essen- donians had gone under for 104, and Christian, Drape, Archer, and Stuckey managed to add 23. Christian did his share of work on the second day, and I hear a very good account of his innings of 57, made with out a chance, and almost every ball kept all along the grass. It was such a glorious after- noon that the University skipper could not resist the temptation to have another hand. He is well aware that Essendon fellows are never more at home than in the field, and accordingly he and his comrades determined to do their level best to keep them there. How well they succeeded the score-sheet tells. Suther- land, formerly of Richmond City, played very sound cricket for 109 (not out); only one chance is debited against him, and that was in the longfield to Stuckey, who found the pace of the ball a bit too hot. Quirk's innings of 86 was a most attractive exhibi- tion, spirited and powerful. No fewer than 19 fourers (eleven of them in succession), all capital strokes, are credited to him, and not the ghost of a chance has to be set against his entertaining essay. The batting hero of the first innings of University--to wit, the genial Alsop--went in at ten minutes past 6, and hit the bowling all over the field to the tune of 27 not out. Mackinnon batted freely and like a cricketer for 61, and his innings was not marred by a chance. D. M'Leod, who put together 16, was let off by Hunter at leg, but soon afterwards Hunter held him in the same spot. Essendon fielded below first-class form, and all the team except Archer had a shot with the leather. By the way, is the option allowed this season with regard to the follow- on being put into practice in the manner intended by the association. 1 think not, and. so far as I have observed, it would be better to revert to the old plan as early as possible. South Melbourne received a shock in their match with Carlton. The latter had 2 wickets down for 60 at cessation of play on the second day, and on Saturday, when the record stood at 235 for 7 wickets, the innings was declared closed. Carlton were 134 to the bad on the first innings, and thus they set South 102. When 4 wickets fell for 4, Edgar Barrett felt by no means happy, and when the fifth went down at 27, Carlton were jubilant. Sam Morris and Lyons, however, came to the rescue, and by good cricket stopped the panic. They made 15 not out, each, and carried the score to 58 for 5 wickets. I congratulate the Carltonians warmly on the excellent fight they made. Watling's batting for 52 is praised highly, especially his characteristic and eminently pleasing off stroke. I suppose his fine score of 172 recently made against West Brunswick has served to get him into proper form. Young Rolfe has won a note of admiration from Edgar Barrett, in recognition of his stylish and strong play for 27, which included some sweet boundary strokes. Edgar tells me it was quite a treat to watch Rolfe's play. Warne contributed 47 not out by Steady and correct cricket, and Anderson amassed 34 in his usual taking manner. Hickey deserves a line for his 23, and other doubles were Pullar, Leith, and Campbell with 13 each. In addition to batting well, Rolfe bowled in such good form that he got Edgar Barrett, Elms, and Giller for 13 runs off 84 balls. I hear that the wind was pretty strong, and that it aided the bowling a bit at one end. Kenny took 2 wickets for 33. For the South Elms batted soundly for 17. The South- erners fielded in fair form, and Carlton also acquitted themselves satisfactorily in this department. It was hard lines on M.C.C. batsmen to have their innings declared closed on such a beautiful batting day as Saturday un- doubtedly was. Some of the M.C.C. batsmen, too, actually like the pitch on the Ware- housemen's ground better than the faster pitch on the ground at head-quarters. At least Jim Phillips has so expressed himself to me. It will be remembered that Mel- bourne had lost one wicket for 145 at their second try. Well, when this record became 192 for 3 wickets, the M.C.C. skipper closed the-innings. Walters increased his 58 (not out) to 81 (not out), and the supplemental portion of his essay may be referred to in a measure of praise similar to that which I applied last week to the first portion of his essay. I do not know the whole interior working of the Walterian mind, but I reckon myself sufficient of a thought-reader to venture the statement that Frank would have been pleased if the M.C.C. innings had lasted long enough to enable him to head three figures, and to be still not out. Now, be candid, Frank, and tell me, have I not read your thoughts aright in this respect? I had the pleasure of meeting C. Ross, A. Aitken, and H. M'Lean, while they were having coffee on Saturday night, and the first-named gentle- man spoke very highly of young Peryman's innings of 24. The colt's play is described as capital all round the wicket and wholly devoid of error. C. Ross, indeed, regards young "Perry" as the coming batsman of the M.C.C. I asked young Peryman myself how he got out, and he answered, "Worrall beat me with a breakback." H. M'Lean was so unfortunate as to retire for nought, J. C. M'Kirdy getting him leg before. Mac's one wicket cost him 51 runs. Worrall took 1 for 17. Hannah and Leydin were absent from the ranks of Fitzroy, and as there were only nine men to get 338 in a little over three hours the maroons had a hopeless outlook in front of them. Worrall was bowled off his pads for a sound dozen, and Mitchell succumbed for 18, Ross taking him neatly at the wickets off Dave M'Ilwraith. Bob made several pretty strokes. Glowing words were used by C. Ross in commenting upon the 64 (not out) obtained by Brooks. When I was out on the Fitstroy ground Phil Knuckey mentioned Brooks as one of the best batsmen he had seen among the juniors, and Phil added, "He ought to make a name for himself as a batsman." Evidently young "Teddy" is determined to show that Phil's estimate of him is correct. I am always delighted to record a skilful and faultless performance, and if all the accounts that have reached me be true, the adjectives I have used apply to the young Fitzroyite's 64 not out. Hastings is entitled to favourable mention for a vigorous 41, containing some nicely executed strokes. Colin Campbell had to rest content with 13, put together by genuine cricket. I hear that this fine young footballer and cricketer is off to his beautiful island home. Good luck to him wherever he goes, for young fellows of his stamp are not found every day either in cricket or football. The Fitzroy second innings closed for 108, and M.C.C. won the contest by 169 runs. For M.C.C., Ross kept wicket well (he did not tell me this though), and the fielding in the main was up to first eleven form. C. M'Leod, who took 3 for 77, would have felt more com- fortable if he had not forgotten his own cricket boots and pants. J. Phillips took 2 wickets for 40. It is right that the bowler of a century should go in for bowls. In the /Warrnam- bool Standard/, kindly sent by a friend, I find that in the competition for Mr. Villier's bowling trophy, Frank Allan came out on top in fine style. Though Frank can put on bias he has so far not put on a bowling stomach. But there's plenty of time yet. The trophy consists of a crystal and silver jug, a set of glasses, and a salver. Mr. Allan, for another competition, will present a superior fur rug as a prize. The old Richmondite, G. W. Stokes, played a free game for three figures for Brighton on Saturday. Writing from Hay the old East Melbournite, W. O'Hanlon, states that there is a likelihood of a team from Hay visiting Melbourne during the Christmas holidays. Some good country players are in the district, viz., Messrs. Acocks, Reid, Cross, Armitage, Dochett, Dillon, O'Hanlon, and others. The Mel- bourne Club team that visited Hay had a grand time, and I have no doubt the red, white, and blue, as well as other metro- politan clubs, will give a hearty welcome to our Hay friends if they finally make up their minds to pay us a visit. Jones, the fast bowler of South Australia, took five of North Adelaide for 23 on Satur- day. At one time four of North Adelaide had fallen for 4 and five for 10, but in the end 49 was the record for seven wickets. South Adelaide scored 215. For Hindmarsh against Austral J. Noel (Happy Jack) scored 81 (not out) out of a total of 189. I am glad to learn from Charlie Mainon that his brother Clovis is getting on well in South Africa. Clovis has had a game or two, and one of the local papers commenting upon his first appearance said that as the first ball hit him in the ribs, the second on the fingers, the third in the stomach, while the fourth clean bowled him, it was hardly right to venture an opinion as to his batting capacity. Clovis states that George Lohmann is in South Africa, and according to report is im- proving in health. The wickets Clovis has played on so far are matting on turf. The South Africans are seriously considering the advisability of sending a team to England next season, so Charlie Mainon tells me. Against Port Melbourne Richmond de- clared closed when seven were down for 326. Tatchell added only 4 to his 153 not out, and was caught off a full toss. Keogh played a very aggressive innings for 42 not out in- cluding five 4's and only three singles. Rutherford showed fair form for 30. Port Melbourne had to get 364 in two hours and a half. They made exactly their first innings' score (105), batting two men short, O'Hara and C. Begg. M'Carthy batted very well for 37, and Richmond won by 259 runs. George Gordon does not intend to play any more cricket just now, and Murray will not be able to get down from Bendigo. These vacancies in the East Melbourne team have been filled by Alf. Carter and the veteran Harry Boyle. Ernest Bean informs me that he will retire from the field for a spell owing to indifferent health. Moses, Murdoch, and Turner will not play in the intercolonial cricket match against South Australia at Adelaide, but they will be members of the team that will meet Vic- toria. The Pennant Committee have decided that the match North Melbourne v. M.C.C. is to take place on the Warehousemen's Ground. For my own part, I do not see how the Pennant Committee could have arrived at any other decision. So far as my judgment goes, the North never had a leg to stand upon in this contention. The match on Tuesday between M.C.C and 10 of the associated schools was the first of the kind, and at luncheon the M.C.C. captain (C. Ross) expressed a hope that these con- tests might be played annually. Dr. Crowther expressed the pleasure he felt, and also hoped that the fixture might become an annual one. The schoolboys were taken aback by the slow wicket, and made rather a poor show. M.C.C. won easily. I hear that Bob Mitchell made 136 on Wednesday for Fitzroy against North Mel- bourne, and that Worrall played a free innings of 40. G. W. Stokes has been elected hon. treasurer of the Brighton Club. I was informed on Friday evening, on the M.C.C. ground, that W. L. Murdoch will start practice there on Monday. Good luck and good form to him. Tom Flynn writes that Sam Morris played a grand innings for 128 for the Associated Players against South Melbourne on Wednesday. Sam hit five 5's and twelve fourers. I may add that A. J. Noall confirms Tom's esti- mate of Sam's batting. O'Halloran played free cricket for 48. The South made 136, to which Dr. E. Barrett contributed 38. He was snapped up in the slips. W. Over took six of South for 35. Kelly's wicketkeeping, so Mr. Noall says, was a feature of the day's play. Bob Horne played a very good innings for 78 not out for second of East Melbourne against second of North Melbourne. A big crowd gathered on the Richmond City ground to see the continuation of their match with Hawksburn, whose totals stand at 131 and 168 against 84 and 169 for eight wickets. Richmond City opened in great style, but fell off towards the finish. Mr. G. Bennett's Band was in as good form as the Cricketers. For Richmond City Green played capital cricket for 58. A big bowling feat is recorded in a New Zealand paper. A player named Tophano bowled 54 balls for 8 runs, four maidens, eight wickets; the other two men were run out. 