TEE BENT LEY DRAMATIC SEASON. " HAMLET." To-night Mr. Walter Bentley, the popular actor, will make his first appearance in Bendigo in one of his uiost. celebrated impersonations, that of Hamlet. In selecting for his opening production Shakspeare's sublime tragedy, Mi'. Bentley has acted very -wisely, as it will servo to introduce him in a character which the Aus tralian press assert he has not an equal in the southern hemisphere. Since his arrival in the colonies, about two years ago, Mr. Bentley's career lias been one continual triumphal march; success after success has crowned his efforts, and his name will be enrolled with the few ereafc actors who have visited Australia. Mr. Bentley's season will, we are sorrv to say, oulv bo for seven nights: and as -ho will prndnrn a fresh pli»y every night; his t>easou here ought to be a record one, and v.-ill include "Garruk," " Richclicu," " The Bells," " Silver King," and " Rob Hoy," and will serve to show his versa tility, from the Prince of Denmark to Bailie Nichol Jarvie. Mr. Bentley will be supported by a very strong company, and the scenery and dresses promise to surpass anything that has ever been seen in Ber.dico. Snenkir.r? .-.f M* j Bentley's impersonation of Hamlet the Argus | says:— "Sir. Bentley's Hamlet posicwes j the somewhat unusual quality of ori ginality. His success with the Ghost i are admirable, and that with the Queen in her j closet,is one of Mr. Bentley's strongest ami liest. I The death scene was powerfully worked up, j and proved n striking finale to a very fine per: formmice." The Telegraph also in speaking of the same production says— "Mr. Beutley ! stamps himself 'as a Shakspeariau actor of the j highest calibre. He is the best actor we have had since Mr. Walter Montgomery, who was the I best Hamlet Australia ever saw." With such j credentials as those, the lovers of the legitimate drama have a treat in store. The performance •will be under the patronage and in the presence of his worship the mayor of Bendigo. Theboxplan is now openat MessrsEvans' and Crook's, where the reserved seats are being booked off rabidly. On Mr. Bentley's arrival at the railway station, he will bo met, welcomed and presented with an aduress by the members of the St. An drew's Society. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan, who comes with Mr. Walter Beutley'a company, is no stranger to Bcndigo, though ho has not performed here for over 20 years, when as comedian and stage manager, he appeared with Mrs. Mary Glad stone at the old Lyceum. Mr. M'Gowan is a very old identity of the Australian staqe, and <u»s a member of the firal dramatic company that appeared on BenJigo at Cairncrosse's Theatre on tho -ith January, 1S54. 