CHAPTER III. IN TUB BLESSE» SUNLIGHT. I have already said that the three horror-stricken mon finally sank to rest in each other's arms. There they lay all through the hours of darkness, the savant with his hoad in the lap of the uncul- tured boor, and he again ooncealing ti., major part of his timid body under that of his master, the man of law. A common terror had levelled all the barriers of caste for tho nonce, and in that hour the claims of etiquette were not'remembered. Nay, even tho rulos of healthful sanitation were cast to the winds, and they just " pigged in" as best they oould, and in the smallest possible space. And tlioy dreamed, too I Ah, such horrible and ghastly dreaniB they all had that night! Legions of headless females pursued them «ill over the i paddocks, and poked skinny fingers at timm and groaned j and then the poor fellows, in their terror kicked each other on the mouth-or anywhere, and woko up aud growled, but dropped off to sleep again, firmly refusing to boparate. And still through the long, dark hours that hideous shape swayed and moved about lu tho breedo, over by the oonvict's grave, and its long white arms continued to stretch out in the direction of the sleeping men as if it yet uioditatcd injuring timm, Hut the bonis slipped by and it caine no nearer, and in duo time the coming sun begau to tjngo tim eastern heavens with a rosy light ¡ and yet, strange to say, tint horrid shape stayed tight on and refused to shift, as any orthodox, well regulated ghost should have done when day ap- peared. However, our fiJundb iteieuow fin buyoud it« grisly horrors, and oould well atfoid to despise thom, Nature's sweet restorer, balmy blimp, had hy this time taken full uliuigo of tlmli several facultlsf, and they routed thurn liku dm rubs-only not ijultu se inteiestingorgiaeuful lu pon-nil mi. conscious of (he neal ¡tteti'tmu of that uwlulnppi.il tlon, Gradually over their slum bei« tim «iuyii^ht broadened and increased, and thuiippo» edge at the great sun soon peeped out over Um hills to the oatt* und remmimd tim»o au instant bcIutilJallug and trembling on the veige of heaven, us if half in. «.lined to again reibe and I mi vu tim eulin twilight of early morn to reign o'er the peaceful buwm, Hut tim noisy goburra had bum {hat beaming glauco, and the magpie«,'and the other feathered rerellvi« of the bush, and with one accord they relied their multitudinous voices in a glad wel- coming cry, upon which the monarch, hesitating no longer, dashed the clinging mists of the morning from his face and bounded high o'er the world. Then the wild, untrammelled song of Nature burst forth in all ita force over the scene. Tho mocking birds took a firm hold ¡OB the «tout braachou, and bent noarly double in their merry laughter, aad they clawed at each other, and sniggered, hopping about and chattering; and thora were periods when it seemed as if, in the exooes of their exulta- tion, they had become exceedingly profane or wero practising the new and fashionable language of Volapuk. A couple of grasa wallabies, follow*! by a comical-looking little " Joey," bounded out of the scrub, and started to nibble the dew-laden grass near the camp, and faith er back in the shadows of the gully, the reddish-gray form of a gaunt and hungry dingo was visible as he slunk hurriedly away to hiB lair. Tliis prowler had to pass the ghost of the hcadlees woman as he retired, and we regret to say that the carnivorous brute paused there en route, and Bnatchcd several mouth fuis out of her poor calves. Horrible ghoul ! Dis- gusting vampire! Pah I Hence, foul boast, nor any longer blast our sight. The heavy tramp of approaching footsteps disturbs the foul brute, and merely pausing to again fill his capacious mouth out of that unfortunate ghost, he bounded away out of sight. The bushes, immediately thereafter, parted, admitting a Bhort, stout countryman, who was evidently abroad thus early in search of some- thing-this being apparent from the anxious, searching glances he coat about him. Ho was a middle-aged, hairy, little man, with a narrow, crabbed, little face, and nneye like that of a ferret, and his dress consisted of a pair of dingy white pants (moleskin), a gray flannel shirt, dirty and sleeveless, and an old straw hat. His boots were of the blucher type, and were laced with raw-hide thongs, and his nether garments were held in position by one solitary suspender. No vest nor coat hampered his short, muscular arms, and be carried a long-thonged, short-handled stockwhip in his right hand, and a short clay pipe was stuck in bis face-down near where bia mouth would bave been visible, had his hairy face permitted the view. The little beady eyes soon took in the objects in the rçlade-the white ashes of the smouldering camp-firo, and the three huddled men-and a dry, sarcastic grin overspread his face as he advanced toward them. " Hech, mo ! An' sae it's there ye are, ma three ' babes i' the wid,' " he chuckled, maliciously, as he bent over the sleeping men. " I jaloused I'd come on something efter I saw the broken trap i' the ditch. Hnlloa! What's this? Whusky?" The visitor had got his eye on the jsr, and as there was yet a considerable quantity of liquor in it, he at once, and without ceremony, proceeded to sample it. The doctor stirred in bia sleep, and mattered drowsily " No, JameB ; 'tis a physical impossibility. The disembodied spirit comes not back to earth; and oven did it, it could not groan. There are no spirits hero, JameB." "That's wan lie, at onyrate," remarked the pilferer, facetiously, OB he again applied the neck of tho jar to his lips. "There is speerite here* auld man, an' guid anea, tae ; an' I'm ashamed o' ye for lyin' there attemptin' tae deny it. Dear, dear ! but thia warld's gaun tae an' awfu' pitch wi' leein' an' deception, ony wi', whan a respectable lookin' auld gent like that 'Jl lie up an' tell sic' a whupper !" "James, did you speak?" now muttered the doctor, more wakefully, and stirring uneasily. " I -I'll lay the whole wonderful case before the Board at our next meeting, and Er ! ah ! good morning, my man. You are abroad betimes, and have surprised the gipsies in their slumberB," The doctor was now awake, and eat up, rubbing his eycB, and blinking at the stranger, and his words soon roused his other companions aleo. " Hoots, nye ! Nao doot I'm a wee thing early," responded the man, apologetically. " Ye see, it's a maxim that the ' early bird gets the early worm,' ye ken, an' I honestly believe it." (He glanced sljly at the jar). "Ye didna' happen tae see ma cuddy aboot here, did ye ?" " Cuddy-cuddy-oh, ah ! he means his donkey," explained the lawyer, in a relieved tone. " No, my good man, we did not Bee your donkey during the night, but wo saw the devil-yes, sir, the old black devil-and millions of his itnpB, here in this gully." "G" awa', mon, an' dinna' haver. Ye've been noticin' yer ain shedda, an' those o' yer twa freends, i' the waster," remarked the little man, sarcastic- ally. " I've travelled this gully at a' oors o' the nicht, and hunnera o' times, an' I ne'er yet see onything in it uglier nor worse than masel'." "Ish'u'd jolly well think ye hadn't, oldman," now asserted Jim the Jehu, gazing open-mouthed at the stranger. " Enything wuaB lukin' or huglier nor you are don't bexiet, an' I, for one, am ofl meetin' you in this damn place w'en its dark Como, now! Wy in 'eli don't ye start olf after that baas o' yourn, an' not stan' there a-givin' of us the nightmare in broad daylight? Don't yer think we've 'ad enuff o' that sort'r thing ?" " Yer a vulgar, impident person, an' yer the waur o' drink," retorted the little man, as he prepared to leave the gully. " The hale three o' ye biv been drinkin' like swine a' nicht, an' noo ye binna the guid mannera tae offer a puir fella a wee tithfae o' tho- Oh, guid Loard! Whit's this I seeP Ma puir auld cuddy jammed by the throat iu the cleft o' a tree-an' deid as a door nail." The little Scotchman had boen walking in the direction of the lonely grave while delivering his parting peroration to Jim, and had, on raising his eyes, beheld the dread appaiitiou of the " headless woman"-the awful ghoul of the past night's horrors-right in front of him, At his exclamation, the three travellers started guiltily to their feet, and hurried over to the spot, a strange fVar tugging at their vitals, and blanch- ing their facoB, Now they reach the dreaded thing, only lo lind their early visitor prostrate before It, testing his hair, andoUieiwise lamenting tim premature death of his beloved " Noddy," his "yae white cuddy, the willinger an' best auld moke at ween Tent erSuld and Sydney." The doctor nudged the lawyer, and placed his finger on his lip as a sign for silence, Jim's face turned abnormally lied, but hu compressed hi« lips when his master scowled on him, and hurried off to repair his vehii-le i only muttering, as ho disappeared-" Yes j tiuly there is stranger things in tho 'eavings and the hearth than we, iu our filoslppy, hover dreams huff." Jt waa u bitter cut at tim doctor, but that gentleman made noretoit, and only proceeded to help (hu giieving (Scot to lower his defunct anoto the ground. The manner of the unfortunate auimal's death was but too appuient to the mun of science i the ann had been feediug at the oxtwtit of bl» reach ou the JÛUVD« of a «luit UitUi.ii, ttui, in turning, his neck had got fast in the cleft, und he had theo proceeded to choke to death. Iii his further struggle«, his hind feet had slipped into a ' deep wabhaway in tho giound, and in that position -suspended by the neck, und with hi* foreleg« sUcking out-ho hud receirud his final y ititi u» from J Jr. Ligature's revolver. The phantom of hauiboo Gu'Jy waa laid, and Murder Creek has been ahora of one of it« horton. Dr. Ligature pressed a couplb of pound« into ina hand of the forlorn man, &&d; tamed «way toward« the toad, nattering audibly-" Seteno« cannot lie, and L am notting but sa cid fool for having eve doubted it." The lawyer tendered a like donation to- the maa who mourned the donkey, aad following his friand to where Jim waited with the patcued-up vehicl», they were soon whirling MarMandwards through the balmy air of Christmas morning, fjrw »iTD.J 