DEATH'S VALLEY". ' SAX FJ(AKCIS:O CJLUOXICLE. Death valley is known as llio region of- . thelowes(|depressioniu the world, besides claiming tlio fluttering appellation - of being the hottest place ou earth. It is also 430 feet below the level of the sea. The valley is .seventy- five miles long and from eiglit to fifteen miles wide. On the:, east ; the valley is -hounded l>y thei Funeral mountains, which attaiu. an elevation of from GOOD to;S000 feet,, and' 011 tlie west it is enclosed by the. Pan a-7 mint range, which roaches a height of from S000 to 10,000 feet. We arrived at the entrance or level of . Death valley and ; from this point saw for > tlio first, time .a i sind-storm. When wc . saw it thci. northern part of the valleywas obscured in . a brownish-colored -cloud, which' gradually thinned out until it crossed.the. entire valley. Never at any moment 'did it entirely obscure, the sun, which looked like a mere ghost of itself. . The cloud-.; moved with great velocity in our direc tion and soon advance; runners or hot puffs of wind reached us. On arriving at: the cud of Furnace-creek wash, we - saw the sand-storm 111 the northern part of t the valley. This was shortly after sunrise. ; Tlie entire horizon and sty was obscured by the sand and gvavel, which1were buoyed iu an atmosphere oppressively hot and' stilling. Soon we were enveloped by a dense cloud of sand, and occasionally as it stronger putf of wiud. cjtine gravel aud even small rocks were hurled in our faces. We covcred our heads with blankets, and the mules instinctively turned their, tails to the wind. With all these pre cautions we did not escape, for, my guide's facc and my own. became badly bruised and lacerated. In our exposed, position wo experienced all the finy of. this desert simoon, and as the .winds traveiled across the alkali sink they" iucreascd-in heat to such an extent that, breathing T>eeaine a matter of difficulty. This storm lasted two days, and in all tliis time it was impossible to move from our position. AVe had to camp here, foi" that period, being nnabl-' . to light . anV lives or prepare mcnls.' .i\rrv=^ we were <."- * " «" blankets ana liter an;-0+.ivvp<l. T never want to undergo. that ordeal againl This was in the fall.. Theptiftsof wind were so intensely hot; and suffocating that they can be l&encd; to blasts from a furnace, anil seemed to draw the very breath, from our bodies.. The stornt piled the sand around ; our! waggon and covered everything. Oeca-: sionallv looking down into the valley, we could see a large sand augur or. spout waltzing hither and tlutlier over the country, carrying the sand and alkali dust liigh into the air. Though, this storm was exceedingly severe to a novice, like myself, it is incomparable to the oues that sweep over tnis country" hi middle summer. In Jidy' or August, with the thermometer registering: from 130 to 137 degrees in the shadiy it would be impossible for any living creature to exist in it eveu for an hour." After having pissed safely through this saudstonn.we continued our journey, and I made a thorough inspection of the valley. There is much of interest- to be told, but owing to the absence of much of nry data ami statistics I would not- ventiire to give you a desciipiion of our' observations, as many of them aiv based on' scientific ex aminations and tests. - 1: 1 '. There is living in an almshouse in TjCiJ ham, Kent; a mauwlio is cin - Ms 102nd year. He is hi possession of all his facul ties, and is able to till a little piece' of garden that adjoins his house. - ! : - -1, Bythe;fnilure-of afirm ofNevrZealand solicitors*Mr A: J. Balfour hasbeeii'liit for over £4000, and is said to have a con tingent liability for £3000 more. 