Was it a ghost they saw? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. . 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with lier. The- house is an old one,- but in good order. ;': One mVht early in December (1891) the:two women locaoa ail me doors and -went- to- the Uieatre, leavmg not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about, lialf-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the ..parlor the merry liumor died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man or ffieantm stftfnro .. . o o — — uuuer pare oi his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from fene room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fnnrhli nf fhaDA .u„.l a >1 1 V lilgUVO clUUUb uwo o clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never cot well. Yet- T did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play eff on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol lows : — " I was so dreadfully nervous I could not hear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing hut skin and DOU6. uiy memory compieuQiy icvueci. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Airs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous nrnstration. The original cause was srief and sliock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and whole some. 