Gladstone-Bag Kan- HB garoo. Kbident in Marsupial Evolution. ROBINSON, in Phil Man's Annual. Bwhat you like, there is no sport, and all-round adventure, to with Old-Man kangaroo-banting. Batching with a butterfly-net is enough while it lasts, but it last long. And for sending the Kealthily coursing through your HKpboggamog across the Candian Kn tains, through the midst of famished wolves which come down the great snow-slides in tfsuit, 4 with a great voice of is interesting. But it palls Koa very soon. Harpooning is, I know, thought 4 high old the dwellers in the canons of but you get tired of it after done it once, for the grizzly is Bonous beast ; and often a whole fuu is to be had in any Besert in tarrinz and feathering Brereisa sameness and a tameness Bese methods of spending a hard- Koliday which put them in my Hbnly in the second class of manly HrNo ; keep your tigers aud your Bur grizzly bears and your packs Keep all the four coutiaents HHjre, and give me only what is Hnstral i Wve me an Australian bush, gum-trees grow so close Hthat only a thin horse can slip Rthem, with the ground well- Kth wombat holes, an Arab racer a twenty-foot Old-Man lefore me. There's sport for tell you there. Ob ! the of it ! to gallop along in the jHning air, with a bundle of clinking aud clattering on Eand a waddy in each boot, nrons firearms for me, thaok their magazines of explosive The weapons of the country are Hmgh for me. |K> hear the spears of the simple come whistling out of the Hbnsh past your ear, and anon Hery crack of the boBbranger'e the einging of the elngs as Htarmless over your head ; and Kasses sit on the dead bows and yon dash by. Havell they may. All nature in Kng country is brimful of life, Koue. The little grey woolly Evioging on the lowest branches nm-trees drop playfully on to HLrab's haunches as yon ride \- and the dingo, the untame- Bg, yaps at your horse's heels, back the memory of many a ride in the old conntry, when |Hp)olly Dimple's collie used to through the laurel hedge at Hsonage and chivvy yon down the Klther happy memories follow Bsr the other, and brimful of life Byous yourself, you feel in happy Kby with the nature abont yon. the morning and such my mood day on which there befell me nentnre which I am abont to a mere adventure, perhaps Ercely worth the telling. I have miinv snch. Bnt the discovery involved in it fss a passing record, as it points Eiossibility ot time arriving when may wear clothes. Snrely the Binm of the reach-me-down-suit HK-if the animals at the same time HKauire habits of human honesty Hjy their tailors' bills! At any HEothes or no clothes, my ' incident Bsupial evolntion ' has a certain of its own. had ridden only a few miles companion's horse went lame, Hegretfally we parted — to meet the evening in camp. How Kthen knew of the evening in store' e! Well, I continued on, and Htly some way ahead I sighted a worthy of pnrsnit, a gigantic |Mjra kangaroo. He saw me, and and as he leapt from wave to Kf the billowy ground, his tail BBtched to assist him in each leap, Rrered a good thirty feet above the It was a splendid sight to see Hkiant marsupial as he went, his KT tail striking the ground with a Ending flop every time he leaped; Hbto the solemn measured rhythm of Baping. He seemed as if impelled Borne machinery beyond his own Bol ; as if some one had put a penny Ke slot and be conld not help jump- Every other second be took a and at each jump he cleared feet ; and all this with snch a Ely pulse -like beat, a colossal gravity, B he were conscious of the pon- Hjus spondiac metre of his progress, listening all the time to the Hnant reverberation of the- hollow Hmd as he smote it with feet and Knt no time this for admiration or Hght. He was going, albeit with a Kndid deliberation, at a clinking pace, I had to follow. No need -for spars Kh my Arab. She knew the game, B. at a signal from me. shot forward. the chase began. KThe sun was already above the Rizon, shooting level arrows of light oss the land and dazzling in the Btreme. But my gallant grey cared Hthiog for the blinding glitter ; Htthing fr the wombat holes. As we Bept along, the cockatoos .flew np in Brads before us, and behind as tethered the dingo pack. Venison they Blew was afoot, and they scented the Kiming feast. On, on, on, in the mad Bee. The treeB slipped put ob in Bigged regiments, the langh of the Bckaes fell apon the air in sadden matches. Oh — on — on. The startled tviungmpg) luoiuug wuuuquijr ituui tucu Koliage-hiddeQ .ambuscades, bailed their Ear mless spears, their Idle waddies. I Knswered only with a cheer, and my Bxab/with a splendid spark From oat Bhe bonlders ap on a hill came a puff of Bnoke, and ping 1 went the' bushranger's Ballet through the -gam-tree leaves. HLnd still the Old-Man kangaroo pressed Km, solemn, spondaic, impertntbable. Hknd still tiehibd hs with strange dog- riolses swept alonfe the -wild hunters of the woods; ' Ooi and .on,' ahdpnltUl it Kseemed the eniormonsbnite sroold never: tiro and torn at bay. Bnt, lo ; on a sadden he reached a steep slope. In three gigantic leaps he was on the crest, and then for the first time stopped, as it were to take breath. The kangaroo, it is said, is the only animal thatehades its eyes with its paws when it wisheB to look far ahead ; and as it stood there, one great arm drawn across its face, the sunlight behind it, the huge thing looked wonderful. My Arab saw it, whinnied as if glad that she had tired ont the qnarry, and, gamely spnrting, carried me on to the slope. And still the Old-Man kangaroo stood there shading bis eyes with bis hand and looktDg away across the landscape, taking apparently no thought of his pursuer or of the death that seemed so swiftly over taking him. Already I bad taken ont a boomerang — not a hnndred vnrda divided ns — and now I was about to whirl it ronnd my head — we were only fifty yards apart — and now it bad left my hand skimming to its mark, when, as if by magic, the kangaroo vanished! One superb leap had carried it from the crest of the ridge it stood apon down iato the valley below, and my boomerang went hissing through vacant space, carved in its unimpeded cotuse, and, climbing np the vaao qixjr, towueu hue SUUlUlllf U1 AU) lilglib and then, like a trained falcon, came circling out of the bine to my hand again. \- Like the horse trained to the lasso, my Arab had learned when aboomerang left my hand, and stood stock-still till she knew it had returned to it The weapon thns recovered, we sprang np on to the ridge, and there was oar victim in fall view, hopping in vast, slow, hops across the levels below. He looked dead- beat— so deceptive is the kangaroo's pace — and we shot down the hill in freshly enconraged pursuit. He was making for a bluff round which flowed a sluggish stream, trickling from water- hole to waterhole. We went at our best pace, and were now gaining fast npon him. He reached the blnff Bwung ronnd it, aod the next minute we were ronnd it too. _ Ye gods ; what a sight burst upon oar view. The old Arab, with all her experiences of flood and field, had seen nothing like, it and snorted with astonishment I palled ap involnntarily, and, may I be forgiven it, exclaimed, f H-rnof .QnAft (' We had come npon a bean-feast of the Old-Man-kangaroos ! — the Anaks of the kind — and we now saw them, old and young, enjoying themselves. Huge piles of grass and leaves of different kinds were heaped np here and there ; and while some sat round them ' doing ample justice to the simple but abnndant fare provided,' others were playing at what seemed to be kangaroo varieties of kiss- in-the ring, while the elders, stretched at their length npon the turf, surveyed the merry-makers with sleepy eyes. So much I saw at a glance. Bnt the next instant all was confnsion and np- roar. The feasters left the viands ; the youngsters stopped their play ; the old ones leapt to their feet, and then there waB a stampede — stupendous, earth- shaking. The young people fled pell- mell into the bnsb, the little children hopped to their mothers,and the mothers — imagine my amazement,my consterna tion at the sight — hnrriedlv took down from the bongbs npon which they had hang them, or picked np off the ground where they had laid them — their poaches 1 uieanwhile the Uld Men had grouped together and confronted me. Bnt behind them I conld see — for 1 was staring with all my eyes at a right no other man had ever seen before — the female kangaroos buttoning their pouches on to their bodies ! Zounds 1 Had we come to this f The mar8npial, weary of the harden of the natural poach, had evolved a removable one, and grown buttons on its poach at will. More than this, the detached poaches by being frequently lifted had got torn near the seam, and thus, by accident it ma; be, or by the inscrut able design of Nature, two handles had been formed, and the animals conld, if they chose, carry their offspring in bags, just as we might do, or wear them on their persons. Are yon surprised at my surprise 1 Astonished at my astonish ment % I waB fairly metagroholized. Bnt a vicious movement on the part of the fathers of the company suddenly brought me to my senses. Their women fnl lr warn nnar in frill Aialtf font f .11 pit consorts stood their ground. Evidently they meant to fight me. ' So they shall,' said I to myself, and unslinging a boomerang I let it go right into the middle of them. A giant gave a great cry of pain, - and threw np its srms and fell to the ground. Again I threw, and again another hage beast fell prone upon the sward. This was enough for the intelligent kangaroos. They saw me whirl my arms above my head, heard the whistle of the boomerang, saw their comrades falL They put together at once the cause and the effect, guessed that I was dangerous to them, and, with . one unanimous hop, they sprang towards me. It waB now my torn to be pnrened ; theirs to be the pnrsners. My Arab saw the peril as keenly as I did, and darted forward like an arrow. But too late. The prodigious thing was npon 1 J RT»__ T C-la lati) UO> H "" tucu x itilv AUUg UUgdO 1MU npon. my back, and tnrniog, stood np in my stirrups and drawing a waddy from my boot sent it crashing into my assail ant's skull. Bnt what availed it to kill onef A score were aroand as, hage towering forms, all the more horrible for their mild gentle uyes. My horse reared np and ' fought. ' A blow from- bne arm stunned it, and then I cannot tell exactly what happened. We were overwhelmed by the huge bodies and borne to the ground, and then I -was aware that we were being carried, and then came s splssh,and I f onnd myself in a waterhole. The kangaroos, never hating seen such m appUHMUu ucAurcy viuuuii UWIHUUMU betweea-the horse and her rider, and carrying ub off together were proceeding to thrown ns both as one animal. : Bat the water had revived me, and taking io lhe situation at a flash, £ alippedjoal of the noddle, dived inder the surface, andepme pp cloBe nnder the bank, where a friendly.wattle flung its blosaom- loaded branches right down npon the water. From my ooncealment.T -bsw my gdlant Aiab drowned. - If I! bonld but strike a singlc jbio w in her defence ! -r ffbe opportunity were turned bom xae, as with hands pressed down they held my horse under water. Silently Idrew out a boomerang, and with all my force hurled it from my ambush at the largest kangaroo. It strach it fall and fair in the nape of the neck, and without a groan the Colossus fell forward and sank beneath the water. I had done enough to avenge my Bteed. The sudden collapse of their chief ; puzzled the rest, for they looked round ; suspiciously, and then,- content that the horse was dead and their work finished, they came out of the waterhole and moved slowly off towards the bush, where I could see their families were awaiting them. IV hat was I to do 1 I dared not move. The kangaroos, though etill timid, were on the spot. I dared not show myself ; it would have been — a. z .3 l-l— o iiami t o.i in 4 vl a wsruuu ueaiiu. gvi «uwc water under the wattle while the son climbed up the sky to noon and down it towards evening. I must have fallen asleep, for when I awoke it was already the gloaming. £ conld see throngh the gum-tree stems, the West all scarlet and purple with the setting son, and the waterhole had taken the same splendid colours. On the bean-foast ground tho. kangaroos were once more assembled. Tneir prodigious snaaows sloped across the level, np to my water- hole and beyond. They were evidently abont to move to their nocturnal feeding- grounds. They seemed to have forgotten the episode of my appearance and the fight they had ensaed. Carelessly loafing abont, they were grouping together into families, and making up parties. And here was I, cramped, starved, lost. My camp I knew lay due West, but how many miles off f and how, in this wilderness of trees, should I, in the dark that was coming on, chance upon the tiny spot where stood a single tent, and my chum sat on a log waiting for my return ? Aod then, on a sadden, a thought occurred to me, more welcome than a nngget of gold. The Old-Man kangaroosare night-feeders. Undercover of darkness they plunder the Bqnatter's paddock and gardens. Suppose I conld follow them f go with tbem S They wonld guide me, at any rate to hnman habitation, to my kind, to safety. And I sat there wondering how this conld be done. One by one I saw the families moving oil Une by one 1 watched the yonng kangaroos creep into the poaches. Saw the mothers button them od, and disap pear into the shadows of the bash on the line of the march of the tribe. It was then my happy thought flashed npou me ! Suppose I could get hold of a poach and creep into it myself, and make her mother carry me, by mistake for her offspring, to some piace of safety. Ah 1 if I only conld. And jnst then I espied, the last of the company, a female kangaroo, the hngeBt of them all, making her way to the waterhole next to mine to drink. On the sward lay her poach, into which her yoang one, with a much larger body than mine — for I only ride some nine stone — was afcont to creep. I saw my opportunity, . my last. It was this or nothing. Now drinking: is with kangaroos a very deliberate process, and the present proved no exception to the rale ; and while the the mother stopped, sacking np the: water aud occasionally splashing her' head with it, I stole out from my am bush and, on numbed limbs, crept towards the vonne kansaroo and the poach. It did not hear me ; if it did, it did not seem to care. The next instant, with my waddy I had broken in its sknll, and swiftly, silently, pushed the dead thing under one of the heaps of' gam leaves that had been provided for! the bean-feast. In another instant I: had crept into the pouch myself, and; curling myself round as best I conld,: waited |or the mother's return. Suspense made the minutes hours, bnt at last I' heard her 'coining. I dared not look ont. And then B felt myself picked off the gronnffronghly) shaken, to make me settle at the bottom! of the poach, and then the journey began. Shall I ever forget it ! JSvery hop' covered some fifty feet, and shook every: fibre in my body. It was awfnL The heat was snffocatiog, and I dared not,as the youog kangaroos do, sit in my poach with my head ont, so I lay at the bottom and stifled. Hop, hop, hop, for mile after mile, banging, bumping. . What a time I had 1 At last it grew intolerable, and I almost made np my mind to pnt ont my head ont for breath and call out to the kangaroo to etop, when by the noises ronnd me I became aware that we had come ap with the tribe. My mother stopped in her frightfal career, and began; in a leisurely way, moving .about among her friends. And th'en-I felt her unbuttoning the pouch, and down I came with a thnmp on the ground. Every limb of my body seemed to be broken. Inch by inch, as stealthily aB a ghost, 1 pushed my head towards the opening ; with my fingers I stretched it apart and, oh, ho w_ silently, poshed my head ont. What did I see f The stars peacefully shining in the deep bine sky ; Yes, what else? The kangaroo herd busily feeding and plundering ! Yes, what else f I saw a fence. and were feeding on the foliage of the cultivated trees within the enclosure. The sight of the fence was everything to me. I was saved. The kangaroos, as I had expected, had made 'straight for the nearest squatter's station, and unens- pectiogly, the giantess of the tribe had brought me back to civilization and friends. All the pain left my limbs; my old conrage took possession of my heart. little by little I crept untof my poach. Two baby kangaroos sitting on the pouch close berideme shrank from me in horror. I crept on all-fours to the fence ; crept through it, and frit myself once more a mai> . T olnnil nn nn vnv fio&t; UlNUa J. OWUU "jr .The .kangaroos did not see me, bnBy polling down the branches of the fruit trees. A, narrow. path glimmered before me like blessed ray of light. I palled myself together, gathered np my ' breath for a shoht. 'Bpd then. wlth all thepower that I had, I gare'onAeuideh yell, and dashed dp the ' path." -Startled for the instant, the -kangaroos fell to tight and left, and I sped on. Oh, blessed Tight-l Aiatnp.in a 'window, and Inahother pimatoY'hadstiunbledhp on to the vridah,i)ff .pocoriBdoaaness overtook 1 me, became aware of human voices, and falling into a faint, felt that I was saved 1 The pouch ? Ah, yes, I wish I had brought it with me. But I never thought of It, in the excitement of my escape. 