POLITICA!. & SOCIAL NOTES. THIS lender of tho Opposition has again expressed his opinions on the subject of retrenchment, but in doing so bo has. gone justa trifle too far. Speaking at Rockdale yesterday evening ho said that one of bis first actions if ho came into power would bo to revoke all tho clerical appointments made by the'present Ministry. It is quite probable that he would carry out this scheme. His audience may not have recognised tiiat thc scheme is exactly on all fours with tho spoils system that exists in the United States, mid which bas always been denounced in England and Australia. If Mr. REID were to become Premier, and fulfilled his threat, what would be the result? "When his opponents came into power they wouldsond adrift all theminor civil servants and samo of tho principal ones, j who had boon appointed by the freetrado party. A nico condition of t hings wo should have then. Retrenchment in the Civil Ser- vice is necessary, but it must bo effected in iv rational manner; party feeling should not ho permitted to influence the work. As a poli- tician Mr. Reid is not very highly regarded hy friends and opponents, nnd his late deliverance will strengthen the conviction of these people that it »*nuld bo a mistake to appoint him to tho position of Promier. Mu. .T. C. NEILD has returned from his "West- ern tour, nnd ¡3 now more satisfied with himself than he ever has been, and that is saying a great deal. But many of tho mem- bers of bis party aro not satisfied with bim. They Iiiivo an impression that ho is an aspir- ant for tile Premiership, mid aro amazed that ho is tho subject of such an ambition. Some time ugo lie said to mc in thc course of a con- versation in tho street that he had supported REID'S nomination for the position of lender of the Opposition, but was quito sure thnt that gentleman would not succeed Sir GEORGE OIHIIS as tho head of a Government. I gathered from that remark that ho had a poor opinion of Reid's political ability, and a high opinion of bis own. But if he believes tlmt ho has tho ghost of a chance of leading .a Ministry in this country he is tho subject of a profound delusion. Ho may consider himself lucky if ho gets a portfolio- in tho next Froe-trado Cabinet ; I do not think'ho will. On his return from the West the two morning papera interviewed him, mid ho informed thom that at in's meetings demands for a dissolution were enthusiastically re- ceived. If they wore tho telegraphic corres- pondents ot tile papera were ignorant of the fact. One of Mr. Neild's objects in going to the country was to advocate a dissolution, but, strange to say, be did nob test the'feol ing of any of his audiences oh the subject. They listened to'what lie had to say, but they would not vote os he hoped they would do. Perhaps they had no faith in the dis- interestedness or patriotism of Mr. Neildand Iiis colleagues. Mn. SUTTOR, I] notice, contemplates .fur- ther retrenchment in connection , with his department.- He,is of the opinion that all children under 0 years of ago and over 10 should be excluded from tho Public schools, or that the latter, provided*'that"they,aro permitted to attend, should.be made to pay a special rate for tho . instruction they receive. If this suggestion were..adopted, the Minister says that the expenditure would bc considerably reduced. He is quite right, as the experience of Victoria proves. The only reason why children under six years Of age are sent to school is to get them out of the way ; but it is certainly not tho duty of tho State to provide a creche for these youngsters.. Mr. Suttor also thinks that too ' much public money is spent on the Univer- sity. Probably a large number of people agree with him. Although it has been sub- sidised so largely by the State, the fees axe so high that people of small means cannot pay for them: It is claimed hythe Labour representatives that Univereity instruction, os .well as that ia the Public schools, should be free.. ; Their, claim cannot be granted, because the revenue would not stand such a drain upon its resources as free education would involve;.but if it cannot, it seems to me that only primary education should be paid for by the State. . THE miners in the Helensburg colliery have to accept thc decision of - the. Arbitration Court, respecting thc dispute existing; be- tween them and their employers. . Both parties referred the dispute to the Court, but they did not promise that they would accept the award. .Tlie-decision was of the nature of a compromise; the .miners got about 33 per cent, of what they demanded. With that they are not satisfied, and so they have an- nounced that they will strike. If they carry out their threat. It is certain that they will not improve their position, for the coal trade is in such a depressed state that the pro- prietors of thc Southern Collieries cannot afford to pay the wages that they paid a couple of years ago. I do not think that the owners of thc Helensburg mine have paid a single dividend ; but the miners appear to be of tho opinion that they must get the wages they: demand, though their employers did not earn a farthing. Thc effect of the action bf the'.minors referred to. will.probably be to make future industrial disputants unwilling to subndt their grievances to the Arbitration Court ; and if that should' he the case, thc in- stitution will . haye, to be abolished. '. It was mainly in' thc' interests', of the'working classes that the Conciliation and Arbitration Act was passed; and it is to be regretted that they are lacking in appreciation of the measure .. : . .. A CABLEGRAM- received in Melbourne states that there is a market in ^London for chilled poultry; but it is added that the birds must bc young and th good condition, otherwise they will not bring fair prices; There is no need, it secins to mej to go to London to get a profitable market for the kind of poultry mentioned, for in Sydney, if not in Melbourne, it- is in -great demand. I do not know what tho farmers get fbi" the fowls, ducks arid; turkeys they send 'to Sydney, but I do know' that tlie, poulterers get pretty high prices for. these birds when dressed for cook- ing. Now if the London agents were to give say 7s or 8s'a pair for dressed. fowls, our farmers , would iict wisely iii .exporting them tb England, but the agents are not willing to give more than half that amount. It will bc time enough when the home market is in danger of being glutted to think of sending poultry for sale to Great Britain. IN sermons, and other addresses a great deal has liecn said recently ori. the subject of gambling, but the clergy are ignorant of tho extent to which the evil is being practised. Theyidenounce the toto men, promoters of consultations, cte, but they have nothing to say against the gambling iii clubs and in society circles.. In two at least of the Sydney clubs the play is very high; it has often hap- pened that a member has lost moro than £1CC") at a single sitting.1 Many of the society ladies areinveterategamblers. Ihavoknowncertain society Indies during their stay on the Moun- tains to gamble almost uninterruptedly from breakfast time until midnight. Nor were the stakes small. Your readers will hardly be- lieve hie when I say that a company of ladies began a gamble not long ago at a place in the vicinity of Darlinghurst at 2 o'clock ono afternoon, and continued nt the business, with brief intervals for refresh- ment, until midnight on thc following day. The orgie, that is to say, lusted 31 hours. There aro a dozen ? ladies whose names could bo mentioned who play regularly at each others houses from 3 o'clock until midnight about three times a week ; each one lins a particular cabman who calls for her to con- vey her home. If he does not find, her at one, house, ho goes to another. AH these women have husbands ; and ono can easily imagine what kind of homes they possess. One well-known lady, wiis'very, unlucky at cards for nearly two years! Then her luck changed, and she did remarkably well ; so well, indeed, that she was enabled to buy a small terrace of'houses and a'grand plano out. of ; tho proceeds bf her gambling oper- ations. Of this phase of our metropolitan lifo, the clergy, I repent, : aro profoundly ignorant. Some of the gamblers regularly attend Divine worship, and appear to be ns devout as the saints themselves. THE pulpit of tho Pitfc-strcet Congregational Church, which for several years was filled by tho Kev. Dr. JEFFKIUKS, and before him by the Rev. JoiiN GRAHAM (a most accom- plished orator), has- been occupied for a year or.two by the Rev. Mr. SCOTT. Until last Sunday this gentlemen confined himself to tho'preaching of what he ailis " tho old Gospel," that is. to say doctrinal expositions of the Scriptures, and particularly of (he principal books of the New Testament, with the result that ' the congregation beenme reduced by more than one half. But last Sunday evening ho delivercd'a political ser- mon. Thc main object of this discourse, it would appear, was to denounce the proposed income tax. And he did let out iit it with considerable' vehemence. He protested against it on thc ground that it conduced to immorality.' People, ho said, would tell lies about the amount of their incomes, and in his opinion it was wrong to tempt them to db'so..'Strangb''ground that' foi a preacher bf'religion to take lt is on argument against all kinds of taxation, and against nearly all legislation. Tho Rev. Mr. Scott should stick to doctrinal theology, and leave tho discus- sion bf political subjects tb those, who under- stand ihcrri, or,.who eau/discourse thereon without making themselves ridiculous. ' ' DAIRYnXn AT PAr.MRTlS ISLAND.-About IO farinera.of.'Palmara Ishiud'attended' a meet- ing On Monday evening to consider tho ques- tion of starting a creamery on the Island. MR Erle (managerbf the Southampton Fac- tory) attended, and explained the working of a creamery, and how it could bo worked in cbnnectiön~with^i.Tiictöryr~ Soriiö' discussion took place, resulting in-a resolution being carried that the directors of tho Southamp- ton Factory be commun icátod with in order tliat'a creamery be erected in connection with that factory, the Palmers: Island company subscribing sufficient capital to- pay cost (if erection. The milk of nearly 200 cows was promised. ? f THE LATE MR. PATRICK O'KEEFE. - An old and highly respected resident of Mor- peth. Mr. Patrick O'Keeffe, J.P., died on Sunday. Mr. O'Keeffe came to the colony more than half a century since. He started business as a storekeeper in Morpeth, and for many years was a Director of the Hunter River N.S.N. Co. He reached the age of 86, and outlived his three sons, who belonged to the legal profession. .Deceased was known to many on the Clarence, and has several relatives residing in Grafton. 