BOOK lil.-A LAND OF GOLD. CHAPTER XXIV.-MURDERER'S GULLY . = . Six. MY8TEHI0US SAILPRS. : Pass we over a few weeks of time, and change we the scene to a Victorian gold- field called M'I vor, , a d ismal fiat« or nearly so,; surrounded by hills, and with a small river, which in. Australia ia called a " creek," winding sinuously through its midst, and thousands and thousands of men , "cradling", and ..panning" the .'washdirt" alóug both sides thereof in order to separate it from tho gold, which in either instance is left behind. These men evidently come from every country under the sun, even tattoed New Zealanders and yellow-skinned, slit eyed, pigtailed Chinamen being amongst the number. Englishmen, Irishmen, and canny Scots seem, however, to be by fur the most abundant, and thé hnrdest .working as well, and these are, AS a rule, attired in red pr blue Garibaldi shirts, moleskin or cord trousers (secured around the waist by a leather belt,. and their extremities tucked inside almost knee high boots), whilst slouched soft felt hats phield their faces somewhat from the Dump- ing sun and their eyes from the dazzling 'glare. .... ; . . These rough-bearded and bare and .brawny armed men generally carry revolvers and bowie knives in their belts, for, hard work as it is to get the gold, it ia exceptionally much harder work to keep lt, since there ure hundreds of idle fellows :' loaring" about the diggings who would sooner grow rich by. robbery or even murder than merely take the chance of becoming so by the sweat pf their brows. A little way back from the creek is the township, consisting, of huudreds of dirty tents and rough bark huts, for in Austra- lia the trees change their bark instead of iheir leaves, and the latter peals off their monstrous trunks in great slabs, which are very tough, and so well adapted for build- ing huts with, since a very decent sized one can be knocked up in a few boura. Towering above such primitive and crazy erections are two or three large wooden stores, in either of which anything can be bought, from a su tin dress to a red herring j and several big drinking booths, such as may be seen on English racecourses, each having a flag tioatiug above it with its name emblazoned in conspicuous letters thereon, such as the " Welcome Nugget," the " Pick and Pan," the 44 Whip and1 Whim,"'the«' Golden Age," and so forth. In one of thepe a lucky digger will some- times spend as much as a couple of hun- dred pounds in a single evening by " shouting," or standing treat to everyone who will drink at his expense ; the favorite beverage on such occasions being cham- pagne, at five guineas a bottle, poured into a bucket, then fortified with half its quantity of brandy, and, lastly, dipped in to. and drank out pf tin pannikins. Then there are also dancing booths, wherein Scottish, and irish lasses, who per- haps not a month jago came out. to the colony barefooted, now dirt and waltz in silks and satins *. whilst1 on their bare necks and arms gleam jewels that would win admiration in a Bolgravian drawing room. Near by, too, is the Eldorado Music Hall) wherein fifth-rate variety ; actresses are nightly showered with -solid gold nuggets in lieu of bouquets, such nuggets varying in Bize from peas to walnuts. The waiters here are, with, only one«exception,, young gentlemen of birth: aiid education, who, haying arrived out from home intending, to make their, fortunes at the:diggings,rhaVe found that that can only be done by the man of . thews and siuews, with the arms of a blacksmith and the stamina of an alliga- tor. . .', , .. \- Outside the township; and. all over the great plain in ; fact, are scattered, some tolerably close together, and others a good »tone's throw fromeach! ptner, diggers' tente and bark huts, interspersed with thousands; ot hettpd ot earth, burne as yet hu bidgee than hay.cocks, but others larger than the. largest ricks, and close, to these latter rise' the ugly shapes of ** whips'* and " whims," V drums,'! windlasses, &c;, one and all be- tokening tiiat the human moles who have thrown up thoso heaps of dirt in theil search for tho precious metal have got so far down into the bowels of the earth that some kind of machinery is required tu raise, what remains of it to the surface. The gold of to-day lies so deep that it costs as much to reach it as to get at iron, coal, pr copper in England, aud. a capital of £50,000 is considered none too great to commence operations with, but, at the time of .which I am writing, diggers often found gold less than a dozen feet down, and very Beldom went deeper than half a . 100, 9 ; out of every 10 of them preferring tu abandon a olaim, unless it was turning out an extraordinary rich one, and to try their . luck elsewhere, directly anything beyond ppade and shovel was required . in the working. In some.even pf tb« inore shallow claims a couple of men (the minors almost in- variably worked in pairs) would be earn- ing a couple of thousand pounds a day, whilst all around, even those which lay within a few yards, of them, less lucky diggers would bo getting scarcely enough to purchase their , bread anet cheese with. In such caseB the success bf the few often won tho jealousy and the hatred of the many, for it was by no means all brotherly love, upon a goldfield, and not " Shove your head into a bucket of cold water and sober yourself, for it ia a .case of' up anchor and steam within half an hour. ? . . ; , v . infrequently that jealousy and hatred led on to robbery an«1 in ur« 1er. " A tent was uuytuing but a stronghold, and a silent slit in the canvas with a bpwie knife, from without whilst its occupants were wrapt in the -, deep sleep that heavy and long hours of work were so conducive to made opening wide enough for the eager thieves to creep through, who, having secured th« ir prize,, would gener- ally bear it otf, and as quickly as possible throw it down» and afterwards bury it in their own claim, from whence it Could be re- dug up and brought to the surface as tupugh it had really been found there. At all events it would be almost impossible to prove the contrary. If the sleeping men woke up, 10 to 1 they were murdered ere they could defend themselves, by the unscrupulous intruders,, ou the principle that dead men tell no tales, and then, in the ' depth of the night, their bodies would be dragged forth and hurled do wn some worked-out or abandoned mine pit close by, scores pf which were.to be found in all directions, almost holding out a direct encouragement to murder by silently pro- claiming themselves to. be ready-made graves; indeed, a drunken man not infre- quently found a grave in them as well as the assassinated one. " . Murders at last became so prevalent at M'lvor that many diggers cari led their gold every evening, and' before, dark,' up to the police camp, which was pitched on the ueareet hill, where it could overlook the entire plain, and from which a score of sword and revolver-armed mounter troopers would turn out at ti ve minutes' notice to keep or. restore order whenever 'twas needed. There alone was comfort and rigid dis- cipline to be found. In front of the police barracks was a tall flagstaff, from the summit of which the Union Jack proudly floated, and all gold placed under its protection was deemed by the great majority of dingers to be as safe as though already deposited in the ' dellars of the Bank ot' England, and once a month it was sent down to England undera strong escort, there to be homeward shipped aboard one of the great' Black Bali or White Star liners,' many of which eclipsed both in speed and safety the steamers of. those day s. But though, as we have said, a great' many of the diggers entrusted their gold to Government .protection, receiving a receipt for the same, no matter how small the amount; a vastly larger number of them went on in the old careless, happy-go lucky, and highly hazardous fashion, so that there waa still plenty of 'profitable work for thieves and murderers upon the M'lvor, and they were a class of men who, as a rule, did not neglect their opportuni- ties. "; We have said that the' plain, whose aspect as a goid neld we have been at some pains to describe, was surrounded by hills -round-topped hills, most of them heavily treed to their very Summits. ? . As a rule these hills were intersected, and iu some cases riven asunder, as it were, by narrow valleys, or rather gorges, locally palled gullies, most of them having a stream running down their oontre, oft times . in a succession of little cataracts, alternating with deep silent pools : where the ground'became level for a little space. Rare places for gold finding were- some of these gullies, though top far off from the lively, noisy, rowdy, digging township to be a favorite working ground for.the many, especially for the timid ; there was so much more chance of a man being mur- dered on '. his way, home after an evening spent at the music hall, the dancing booth, or the grog shanty.. One of these narrow gorges was called Murderer's Gully, because a . wandering H wagaman, or over-lander, had there in wanton bloodthirstiness killed a harmless black fellah who had found him lost and half-starved in the bush, and had put him on the way to the nearest settlement. Some said that he'd slain and eaten him in order to get the strength to reach such settlement, bat publio opinion was at variance on that point. Anyhow the inhuman brute had butchered the poor native who had saved his life, and that black fellah's ghost wau said to haunt tho gully, calmly waiting for! vengeance. . On that account the gloomy gorge was held in universal dread and detestation, and though it was believed that no end of gold' Was to. be found there for the seeking, no one had the pluck to go and search for it, until, at last, six sailors and two women were discovered to be camped there, and to haye marked put their claims therein. That they had done so became ere long the common gossip of the entire digging to wnship), and many there were who Warned them that their foolhardiness in camping arid working in Murderer's, Gullyj where the black man's-ghost was still thirsting; for vengeance, would end in some -terrible disaster to perhaps the entire party. The six Bailors were, however, men who laughed grimly át such warnings, and they werej in addition, individuals who kept themselves very mitch to themselves ; and though, after a little while they frequented the grog shanties and the dancing booths of a hight, they drank and danced sparingly, and seemed to have a much greater inclination to listen to what other people had to say than to indulge iu talk- ing themselves. As to " shouting," which is the Austra- lian phrase for standing treat, they were as generous and open-handed in that respect as sailors proverbially are, but ere they had been many weeks at M*Ivor a strange notion got about, and slowly grew in strength, that it waa unlucky to drink with them, and ' so many people had beenj found murdered, or had altogether disap-. peared frbm the neighborhood who a night or BO previously had been known to have got drunk at their expense. A good many people both thought and declared that the; black fellah's ghost was in some wayi answerable for all this ; but men, with ai more practical and less imaginative turn oil mind soon began to suspect that living men of bone and muscle might have a great deal more to do both with the proved and the suspected tragedies than the black man's wraith, and the reader may-feel dis- posed to take the same view of the matter when we reveal the fact that the six seem- ing Bailors were Six escaped convicts from the neighboring colony of Tasmania. 