A BURIED SIN. The briefencoun'er is over. The more powerful villain, scrambling away on all fours plunges into the wood and disappears. His confederate and their victim are alike left senseless on the ground. Upon their prostrate forms the crescent moon looks down placidly. Mr. Miles's sombrero has rolled off, carrying with it a magnificent chevelure of waving silver hair. Mostyn Howard, kneeling upon the soft turf, peers into that upturned, close-shaven face, and his eyes almost start from their sockets with incredulous wonder-as though they saw a ghost. It is the face of a ghost, the very ghost which appeared to him the night of the raid upon the poachers, and which he then amrmed to be the spirit of a man whom he knew of his own cer:ain knowledge was no longer living. But he does not waste time in attempting to reconcile impossibilities. His fingers loosen the etomo!ogist's cravat, tear off the immense shirt-collar, and throw open his vest to give him air. Then, lifting the little genlemao in his arms as though he were only an unusually big baby, he strides through the lerns and over the hushes by the way he come until he reaches the avenue. He does not pause there. His, young face, so sweet, and strong and pure always, and now so hopeful and glad, is wosking with some intense emotion, under the in fluence of which he feels to possess super human strength. And as he marches on with his burden towards the castle he cries over and again as men cry when they achieve the supreme biss of life. 'Thank God ! Thank God!' Mr. Miles is showing signs of returning animation. His eyes open, he begins to struggle, and finally to kick. Then his pre server lowers him gently to the ground, and, throwing an arm round him, steadies him in the light of the crescent moon. ' Mostyn-my dear boy i' ' Yes, father.' Thank God! Thank God ! Not that a disembodied spirit has become palpable flesh and blood, but that ' A Buried Sin,' the memory ef which has embittered Mostyn Howard's existence, is no sin at all. His father is yet alive. CHAPTER XXXIV. WEARING in his button-hole the tiny bouquet which Lady Dunraven's fingers arranged so defrly, and at the bestowal of which Mr. Mies thought proper to take umbrage in an entirely risiculous and uncalled for manner, St. John Darrell has gone in to dinner with his hir companion on his arm. It is a merry party. Since his engage meet to Miss Carew became an accomplished fact my lord of Malzbreckthane has thrown off the weight of years, assuming a kind of boyish hilarity, whilst surface geniali:y has played upon the s:ern visage of his fiantr:'s mother lhke sunbeams upon a field of ice. They give the tone to their guests, gay idlers with whom they have filled Freston Castle for the sh:oting season, and who are only too glad to foster the spirit of festivity. There may be concealed cares and secret sorrows at the table, but in my lord's circle care and sorrow, when they appear in public, wear mask and domino. In Lady Clare's ears Mostyn Howard s parting words are sounding still with weary iteration, and her wistful eyes have not ceased to watch vainly for him to enter; but although she is looking mo:e pale than usual she chats with her neighbour (Mr. Brabazon, Darrell's friend) composedly and with a show of interest. To Blanche Carew, seated at the earl's right hand, comes ever and anon a sad prevision of what her future will be-not simply empty, worthless, and sorrowfully resigned, but a daily crucifixion of her best and holiest emotions. Yet she plays her part with simulated cheerfulness, and her pure, spirituelle- loveli ness is radiant with that holy light of self ahbnegation which has never left it since Darrell made vainly an appeal against her resolve. And St. John Drrell, the listless cynic, the b!as, man of fashion, whose role for yearshasbeen to affect invulnerability alike to the 'slings and arrows of outrageous fortune' and to the malicious darts of the god of love, talks with languid but epigrammatic smartnEss, and betrays neither by look nor word how deeply the iron has entered into his soul. A bankrupt in reputation, in purse, and in affection, he is trying to bring himself to the grand coup by which he may retrieve that be has lost. All the time that the ball of repartee is being tossed from one to another, although he never fails to catch and return it when it comes his way, his mind is debating the pros and cons of the question-shall be, or shall he not, ask Lady Dunraven to marry him, The pros are many, the cons resolve themselves into this, that he lores Blanche Carew. What of that? in the first place the girl is penniless, and be worse than a pauper. In the second, she does not care for him. In the third, she is betrothed to his kinsman, and in less than a month she will be the Countess of Malbreckthane. Why not accept the situation with a philo sophy which would so readily point out its consolations were it submited to him as that of another man? Here is a young widow ahom the gods have provided, his equal in social positiao, undeniably handsome, im mensvly rich, desperately enamoured. ' I will take her and be thankful,' decides St. John Darrell, with lugubrious ingratitude. He feels mere contented now the decision is made. 'She has really a very pretty wit,' he thinks, as be en ers upon a gay war of words and finds his challenge accepted with grace and spirit. Momentarily he gross more reconciled until it falls to him to open the door and bow the ladies from the apartment. Then his eyes and Blanche Carew's chance to meet as she passes, and his determination is undcne. Only a glance, which both try instinctively to render as expressionless as possible, only a glance, but the whole question is reopened. He returns to his seat and drinks a glass or two of wine in apathetic silence. ' I will go away from this accursed place and let the thing rest for ashi!e, at all events until the wedding is over,' Is his next re aolve. 'et when he rises to join the women be is conscious that he wavers still, that in his m:nd there is lurking doubt and indecision whether it would not be wiser and better to trifle no longer with this opportunity. A straw would turn the balance. Music-room, drawing-room, conservatory, form a suite of apartments through which he progresses by easy stages. Lady Dunraven is in the last, absorbed apparently in the contemplation through the glass door of the crescent moon. Wi I she find the straw? Will she have the tact to drop it into the right scale? The event must prove. TO BE CONTINUED. Dr. Madden has intimated his willingness to s. -ept the psiticn of Ctfal Jestice of Vistoria. 