TOPICS OF THE RAY. In our report of tho proceedings in tho District Court against the "Sportsman" yesterday, it was stated tbat Mr S. V. Winter appoarod as oditor of tho "Sports- man. As a matter of fact, Mr Winter did not attend the Court at ail. Tho Insertion of his namo was caused by a misapprehension, which we much regret. At a publio meeting recently held at Leongatba it was agreed that representa tions should bo mado to tho Govornmont with regard to tho indiscriminate method of dealing with tho cluss of pcoplo sent (o tho labor oniony there. Tho chairman of tho mooting went to far as toasy that thora was danger to tho travelling publio In allowing people " direot from tho slums" to travel in rail way carriages. Spoabing from oxpari- onco, this gontloman considers tbat tho eftoot of tho eottleiuont os now ad minis tered will tond to' pauperisation, A peti tion to tho Minister of Bands expresses simihtrviews in rather forcible language By dlreotion of tbo Minister of Mines, Mr Roioles, a mining oxpert, recently vUltod tho Mount Wells field to exsmlue and report upon its mineral resources. Ho hu now submitUd his report, which attention to the district, as a promising Gold for botli tin and cool. Mr Rosaleshad inquiry rogardmgtin as his chief object in starting for tho field, but a very brief in vestigation showed him tho great impor tance of the recent cold discoveries. lie traced four reefs for u length of ten miles, and obtained samples of (lie stonu for assay. On the whole, Mr Resales states that ho is very favorably impressed regarding tho future of the tin and gold yitM iu this district. The elections for the City Council tako place to-morrow between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. The only wards iu which the re tiring councillors are opposed are Cipps Maril and I.otrobo Ward. The polling place for tho tiipps Ward is the Man chester Unity Hail, opposite tho Public Library ; that for the Lntrobe Ward is at the Town Hall. An amendment has been made in the .Shops and Factories Act empowering locnl bodies to frame a bye-law upon petition from a majority «f nnv trade, compelling thum to adopt tho Wednes day half-holiday. At last night's meet ing of tho Collingwoud Council a petition was presented hy 'Councillor Wilkins, sjirnedbyftU 'tho master butchers of Col- lingwood, praying that tho council would pas a bye-law to make their present half-holiday a legal one. A compliance with tho request of the petitioners was unanimously complied witli. The convention of delegates in connec tion with tho Bandsmen's Institute of Victoria, to be held in tho Town Hall on Friday evening next, promises to be n success. Numcrou? promises of support have been tendered by the metropolitan and country bands. Tho attention of bands is directed to tho /net thntonly two delegates from each may be sent to tho mooting, and that cauls of entry must be properly filled in and presented nt tho hall to secure admittance. Delegates not in receipt of these will ho supplied on application at the hall, and, as tho fares this week aro nt excursion rates, it is ex pected that tho provincial bunds will bo well represented. Mr Bennett, of Richmond, will preside, and many in fluential citizens hava promised to at tend. Prince of Wales' Birthday will be celebrated in truly magnificent style by tho Hiborninn Society nt their grand Koto aud Art "Union un Thumduv. Tho Ex- hibitiun Building is a most BuiUblo place for carrying out such a huge programmo ns has been prepared by tho promoters of tho fete. The five milo record bicyclo ruco of Australia, in which nil the champions will compote, will doubtless provo a great attraction. Foot races for amateurs and professionals and other in numerable sporting items will bo intro duced. Naturally & deal of interest is concentrated on the great art union, tho winner of which will be cnittlod to a trip round tho world, with expenses paid and a comforlablo sum for pocket inonoy, or prizes of cqunl value. Tho numerous other prizes oflerod form a dazzling list within tho reach of nnyono -prepared to venture the jnodest shilling. Tho open wood chopping contest and tho grand military and athletic displays will also tend to increiso tho immense attractions of a colossal programme. Yesteiduy afternoon writes Hi to), Konalds held a private view of tho artistic bouquets they had arranged to order for the Government J louse ball. It was a vcritablo art show, reflecting the highest credit on tho taste of tho designer of tho posies, all of which showed traces of originality. The most admired was tho uoey ordered by Lady Hopotoun. It was composed rf the leafless rosea (that attracted so much attention in the win dows of tho firm), Hiitallcr pink roses, and littlo bluo flowers tied with blue ribhonj. On Darby Day the prison van, "Black Maria," returned to tho city from tho Flumington racecourse without a single prisoner. Ladies back pockets cnutiuuo to give opportunities to (lie tbiuf. "Young Hourekcepcr " writes : — May I ask you to warn ladies through tbo columns of your paper to tako euro when travelling, iu buses, either inside or out, of well-dressed pickpockets. I havo had my pocket picked twico in the lost, mouth, tho first tuno by a most geutlumunly.Iooking man on tho outsido of a 'bus, and tho lust lime by a Isdy-liko-looking woman insido a third class inotropolituu carriago. In th» first case, I folt n (ouch at my back, and turned round. Tho m.ut npolouiaod, and said his umbrella had failon against my back, and also most politely asked mo if I objected to smoking, lie shortly after got down, and 1 folt for my purse. It was there, but when I wanted it again I found it ompty. I am curtain ho dropped his umbrella on purpose, so that he could return tho purse to my pocket more easily. How ths woman robbed ine, I don't know. I nm glnd to nay sho only got threepence, while the man got nearly a pound. Amonv tho wider problems oF natural science toward tho solution of which con tributions have boon made recently, the moat striking is that of tho ago of the earth. Mr Clarence King, tho woll known American geologist and explorer, claims to have advanced Lord Kolvin's method of determining tho carth'A ago to a further order of importance. IIu dm- cubkos tho experimental investigations of Dr Carl Burus on tho effect of heat and pressure on certain rocks, aud par ticularly aolocts tho caso of dia base), which has a itpeeifio gravity approximately equal to the nverago specific gravity of the earth's crust. Ju tho light of the new facts ho then recon siders the probublo rate of cooling of the firth, rendering more precise the con clusions of Lord IColvin. As tho result of tho detailed discussion, Mr King con cludes that the earth's ago probably does not oxcocd twcnty.four millions of years— in fact, that tho estinmto of tho physicists ia approximately correct, while that of tho geologists is " vaguely vast," Tho following story is told of the lato PotfB Laurcato by a correspondent of tho " Leede Mercury" » His wonderful poem, Tho Kovonge,' was first published iu tho ' Kinotsonth Century,' in 1878 or 1879\. On tho ove of its publication, Tennyson iuvited between thirty and forty of his most iutimnto friends to his houso in Eaton Square, in ordor that ho might recite this pat riotio pieco to thom. As tho pout proceeded tu his rich and sonorous tones, rendered all tho mora attractive by his Lincolnshire accont, tho favored few huntrupon his words. When ho reached the lost linos — And the whois sea plunged and f«U ou the ihot-ahnttorod naoy of Bpaln, Aud the little Revenge herself went down by tho island crags, To bo lost evermore in tho main— tho foclings of all prcsontworo strung up into oxcitomont and enthusiasm, when, to tho amazumcnt of all, tho Laureato added, without tho slifhtcst pauso and without tho least chnngo of tono in his voice, aud tho begcars only gavu mo L300 for it when it was worth at least LDOO or A novel woddlng was witnessed at Holy Trinity, Doichestcr, lately whnn representatives of two well-known Hoiuniiy families wore joined in wedlock. The bridegroom's namo was Uonry Pen- fold, and tho brido'a Oharlutto Essex. For some tiuio before the hour fixod for tho wodding the approaches to the church wore thronged with the eurious anxious to catch Mght of the hapov mir . I broojihat" wa, c.,gaK«l from a „&,A I "ff ho.tolry for mo cnnTeniecco „ I bnJnl party, hut. fol!o»-ins an old I ! I cuafoni, they camo to tho church li"! I back approach to the sacrsd cdific. I luck. The Imidcgroom, a atcadVyo I gipsy, stoic his everyday coitumc I < I ins hrido made a brave iJr I and earned a gigantic bouquet Tl. I wore accompanied by two gipsy' !„,:/ I acting. a, beat ma,. andS S I rcapcctiye ly Osvsng to certain | ti-jiial deficiencies tbo siguinc of ?' 1 register was a matter of some diffieu'i"8 I but this having been at lat Riicn-mf, If' I accomplished, Pcnfold and hi. wife t? I the church amid t showers cf rice I rr0itS ! l,bo hw pjnto. I mine are disclosed by Mr Clement ,w I Hi the "Daily Telegraph." lfi« I cc«„on this yearia to be a magnifi? I object lesson for the children ) ! I are now go highly educated. It it0L- I .nsllcd "Tit. Hiatory of England" r>so,,ty Mmutc." Sir Augnati, bM I we ill know, attempted somethinc of »v. I kind before, but this procession wifi Vj I on a far latter and more costly scale thsn ever, ami is designed to be rs interesting I 0 tbo parent. .» it will bo inatrnctiyo tlio children. Tbu, a London psn." llut ia not Drury Lano a little lilimi 1 ho pantommo at tho Theatre Itoy.T llolbourno, last year gave just iuch ,n obj.ct lesson in English History u a apparently being arrangod for in Lon ttou. The School Monacoi/ient Commi'tM of tho School Bdard for London ha-I under consideration n communication from tho Education Department on th- subject of deiectlvo sight. Their orj ships (says " Wostminster") think ths tho proposed inquiry would be of gre« use. if 15 were clearly established what rules should bo laid down for tbs guidunco of Bchool manngers respecting such matters ns tho lightinc of th. schoolrooms, whether natural or arti ficial, and their position with respect to tbo points of tho compass and to sur rounding buildings, tho slopo and heieht ' of desks, tho relation of tho scats to the desks, nnd (lie position of tho deik in relation to the light ; the typo and form of books used in tho schools; the nature of tho exorcises in needlework, drawin" ond other hand work ; tho material and uso of blackboards, and tho placing of tho children when blackboord lesaons ar# bomg given ; tho amount of eye work re. quired of tho children, especially in boms lossons ; and tho detection of then scholora who need glaase. in order to ennblo thom to work proporly and with, out injury. fho " Standard's " Pari correspon dent relates that when Einilo Veyrios who was sentenced to death, at tho Tarn Asizcs, on 25th July, for tho murder of jus fnthor under circumstances of shock, ing ferocity, win placed on the scaffold drosted in a whito sack and his head covered with a black veil, ho complained that ho olono had to suffer, conrideriaz Disown wifo ami her father had aided him in the murder. His last words were:—" ! demand equality before tho law ; there nro threo guilty ; I alone am punished." Tbo execution took six second. Tho " Scientific American," quoting from tho " Louisville Journal," gives the following. Tho accuracy of the statement can bo tested by those of our readers who grow sweet pens .and are troubled with tlies: "'Corno insido a minute," raid a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos, yester day aftornoon. ' I have discovered the greatest fly trap on csrth and 1 wstit to show it to you.1 Holed tho way to an ' instrument at tho rear of the store on which was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet pons. Al least a thousand dead Hies were lying on tho paper iu tbu iinmodiato vicinity bt the bunch of Hovers. ' I throw tbeso hero by chance,' Lu con. tinned, and iu about U-n minutes I noticed that every fly (hut alighted on trie flowers diod in .a very short time.' Kveu ns ho apoko a number of the insects which ft hod slopped to suck tho deadly sweet had toppled over dead. Thoy alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in tliair tegs, flapped their wings weakly several 110103, and then gavo up tho ghost." 