SHAKING HAXDS WITH A GHOST. (By a Bachtlor of Science and a Member of the Pdychal Research Society.) TOLD BY ONE WHO SAW IT. In the year 1881 I was governess in a boarding-school in & town in the North of England. The house was very fuJl of pupils, and, to accommodate the lady-prin^pa.1, I agreed to sleep on the attic-storey. There were two rooms in front, the one assigned to me, and a larger one occupied by the two housemaids. At the back were also two bedrooms, -uid a lumber-room, which do not fortably and well -furnished, and, for several weeks, I slept the sleep of the just and hard worked teacher. Then occurred that extra ordinary series of phenomena, which at first tilled me with terror, and then aroused the keenest curiosity. The bed in which 1 slept was placed with die back against the wall opposite to the two windows, and on my back as 1 lay in bed was the wall separating my room from the one occupied by the housemaids. Between the two windows was a gas-bracket, and I was in the habit of leaving on a spark of gas all wight. And now to the first of those strange occurrences which most people will refuse to believe, but which I solemnly affirm to be exactly and literally true. I awoke one night, about the end of Marcb, with the clang of a bell in my ear. In my first waking moment I recognised the sound aa the bell of a neighbouring church, and then immediately I was conscious that the 'ding- don' ' was the first of the four chimes which precede the striking of the hour. I was drowsily speculating on what the hour was likely to be when, glancing towards the win dows, I saw the form of a man standing be tween the windows and facing me. Startled and terrified, I was about to call for Assistance when, to my Amazement and horror, I clearly perceived the spark of gas shining behind the head of the figure. At once re cognising that the appearance before me could not be a real man, my fear was intensified ; for though I had always pro fessed not to believe in ghosts, I was as much afraid of this apparition as if I bad been a superstitious person. 1 gazed spellbound at the thinjj. It appeared like a young man of middle height, clad ia dark clothes, with long black hair7 a very pale face, a high white forehead, and eyes that looked at me with un utterable Madness, I conld not then see the features rery clearly, since, as I have said, the gas was behind the head, and very little tight came in at the windows. But I could now describe them to the minutest detail; for, since that night, I have often looked upon that face when bright moonlight fell upon it, and, were I a skilful painter, I could put in every line and shade of it. Tbe nose was long, but not high, and on each side of it there curled op a long thin black moustache. Bnt those eyes ! 0, the sadness that filled them ! What I hare described above, I saw in a moment, before, indeed, the second chime had died away. Then the figure moved towards me, still gazing at me fixedly and sorrowfully. It reached the foot of the bed, and the lips moved, as if to speak ; but no sound issued from them. By this time the third chime had sounded. I coold not speak or move, and yet the horror of the first shock had already began to die down. I could study the apparition more coolly, and I dgw per ceived in the left hand what ecemed au open letter, and in the right hand I saw in tbe dim light the glimmer of the barrel of a revolver. Again, looking at the face, I caught sight of a email dark spot situated in the left temple. The chimes had now finished striking, there was a pause of two or three seconds, and the clock, with a heavy boom, struck one. The lower part of the apparition grew indistinct. ?? Boom ' went the bell a second time. The whole figure had faded into a dim clond, which entirely vanished, as a third and last stroke felL I had seen what the world calls a ehost. What conld this thing be ? I had heard of hallucinations. I knew that in certain states of tie brain figures will body themselves out of tbe invisible, and I had often explained to myself in this way many a ghost story I had read. But it was not so easy to hold to my hypothesis when the actual ghost had ap peared to my bodily vision. The thing seemed too real to be tbe creation of my own nervous system. While I was Urns specnia tiDg, I fell asleep, and I did not awake until my usual time. £ did not at first tell my principal what I had seen, as I thought she would only ridi cule me, and several weeks passed without any repetition of the phenomena. Bat one night, about a month from the first appear ance, I was again awoke by the striking of the three o'clock chimes, again the figure was seen between the windows, the movement to the bed was repeated, and the disappearance took place as before during tbe striking of the hoar. On this occasion, I felt little terror, and I was able to examine the apparition de liberately. I was deeply impressed that it wanted to communicate something to me, and I resolved, if it again appeared, to address it. About a fortnight later I had the opportunity. The chime had commenced, and as the ?* pbost '' was approaching me I said, ' Who are you* Can I do anything for your The lips moved, tbe face seemed coDvuIsed with eager de&ire; to express something, hut there was no voice, and the figure vanished as before. The ' ghost ' often repeated its visit. I became -(nite familiar with it, I would address it ; and I could never get a reply. I was deeply interested in my visitor, and I longed tosolvetbemysteryofitsappearance. Onenight I said : ' Can you make yourself apparent to any of my senses !-esides tbe sense of sight ?' I hardly expected a result, and it was there fore with mingled satisfaction and terror that I saw the figure come to tbe side of the bed, and held out its hand, and touched fearfully the white ringers that held the letter. They felt like soft cool down, not clammy or icy. At that moment, the vanishing began. I resolved to try auotber test. At the next ap pearance, I said : ' Can yon make yojrself visible to anyone else?' The chimes weie about half way through, and the figure was at the foot of my bed. It seemed to acquiesce ; it moved to the wall on my right, and passed into it. Tbe nest momeul 1 heard a scream, and the sound of voices. Tlieu the clock struck three The next morning, one of the housemaids brought me my hot water. I thought she looked pale, and I asked if anything was tbe matter. Then she said tint she had awoke just before the striking of the hour, had seeu the figure, and had cried oat ; her companion the added, had awoke just in time to gee the spectre before it disappeared. I saw the ' ghost ' more than onee after this occasion, but conld obtain no further phenomena of interest ; and, in a few mouths, the school was removed to another part of the town, for what reason I could not clearly ascertain. After the removal, I disclosed the affair to the principal. She seemed to make light of it ; but she admitted, with some reluctance, that sometimes, as ohe lay awake, she had heard footsteps overhead — her room «ras immediately under mine— end that the wnads came just before the dock struck ''?Toe house in which I had these strange ex periences was soon let; bnt it was vacant ESn in six months. It was again let. Mid Sain the tenant departed in a few months. Then the house was vacant for two «*« years. At last, it was pulled down, and two seller bouse: were erected in ite place. Whether the apparition showed itself to our successors, I do not know as I bad no acquaintance with any of th»m ; and the landlady of the house would never answeraoy of my questions on the subject. I have made inanities as to whether there is any tele attached to the house. All I could ascertain was that about a seneration ago a voune man had committed suicide in an ^bedroom, but I conld glean no details of the alleged tragedy. It will probably be said that the result of my narrative is vague and unsatisfactory. It may be so, but I can not help that. I have written, not to prove a theory, but to describe facts. The ' ghost ' clearly was not a figment of my own brain, as it was seen by the two servants. It is this fact which gives my narrative considerable evidential value. 