THI<: SKULL. ROMANCE FROM A DETECTIVE S CASE BOOK. r-jUStLY engaged one morning in my. Zj office in trying to solve some Knotty Jlob| ems tl)afc called for my earnest attenion> I was suddenly disturbed by a knock t; he doorj atld> in anawer fco my << Come ,,, oneyf niy a, ?i, Unfcs entei. ed, although had given strict orders that I was not to e disturbed for two hours, " Excuse me, sir," said my man, " but a 6 " 1 ' 6 ' 11 ' 1 " wishes to see you, and will take i f u l ^ ^ not to disturb me nder any°i rclmistances," I replied somehat tartly. " Yes. so you did. But the gentleman sists upon seeing you. He says his busin e ff^i most " r £f. nU " ,, n 1 0 - s , le ' , „ Here is his card, sir." \ glanced at the card the assistant handed o me. It bore the name— COLONtx MAURICE ODELL, he Star and Garter Club Colonel Maurice Odell was an utter ranger to me. I never heard his name efore; but I knew that the Star and Garter i ub was a ci ub of the highest rank, and hafc its members were men of position and minence. I therefore considered it probable hat the Colonel's business was likely, as he aid, to be urgent, and I told my assistant o sbow him in a few minutes later the door opened, and here entered a tall, thin, wiry-looking man, lth an unmistakable military bearing, « p aldon me for intruding upon vou, Mr. onovan," he said, bowing stiffly and formlly "but I wish to consult you about a ery i mportant matter, and, as I leave for gypt to-morrow, I have very little time at y dispo«al " «I am at your service, Colonel," I replied, pointed to a geafc. « l will be as brie{ as possible," he began, he laced his hi hl polished hat and his mbrell aon t| le tb| tabi e. "lama military and have fc much of tinje in ndi but fcwo I returned home, nd ^ m residence at the Manor, gher. Twice 5lnce j went to live fchere the lace hag been robbed a somewhat ystei. ious lnanner. The first occasion was little over a year ago, when a number of nfci silv6I. w£ re sfcolen. The Scot. and\ ard authorities endeavoured to trace che thieves but: failed.» r fchink j remember hearing something boufc that robbery » i remarked, as I tried co recaU fche «< But in w ag jfc a m st<3nous one- ; vhat way .. Becau^e lt was i mpossibie to determine ow fche thieves gainecf access fco the house, he lace had no% been broken infco/> «, aboufc servants " I asted. 0h, I haven t a servant who isn't honesty £j- seif » ' l£ p nroopej what about the ser-nnd r o b be^ ,? r ceec1, at ab0Ufc fcbe SeC0Dtl ° " That is what I have come to you about. It is a very serious business indeed, and has b ^ fc, fcerious ' fchafc 3 . . . ... c , characterised the first one. t s v . . . , v ™ ean ">><* ,f s ^garde the Va ° f the pr ° perty Stole "J " " I n 0ne 8 ®" Se > ^ ^ut it * SOmefchl n S mor fcha ® n fch , a , fc Dur, - n S ^ ln 1 ." dl . a , 1 , r f end , e v! ed R VC , ry considerable service mdeed to the Rajah of Mooltan a man Before I . tofb Indla he f X reafc wealfc f h / Panted me with a souvenir of a very extraordinary character. It was nothing more nor less than the skuU of one of his r er s " „ , , , . . " Excuse me, Colonel, but you can hardly expect me to devote my energies to tracing this somewhat gruesome souvenir of yours, which probably the thief will hasten to bury as ^ ^ &S; h ' e 1 J la PP ens to be of a very morbid turn of mind, Y „ , o . u ar ? a lltfc,e ^mature, said the , ^ ".suspicion of sternness, ^ ^ ^ ValUCd at u wards of P ,"t'rr ' i a j j ,» T U J " Twelve thousand pounds ! I echoed, as '' lle 'est in my visitor deepened, \- f ^es > s "'^velve thousand pounds. It into a drinking goblet, bound ith sohd gold bands, and encrusted with l ,r ®cious_ stories. In the f a d,i . l ™ ond " 0 ,let ' "f f-'f al and o " e 15 *»'- -- •• thousand pounds. My friend the R a J ah toldth »f !! f f ever 1 I )a Ff d wlth 3C sfcole n ' 'U fortui,e woald . ever afber ' V UrS " e me " , , ^ \ Bufc ,y° U Say y0U leaV6 f ° r Egypt to " " . , , „ , ,, , , , . And sha11 P^ably be absent SIX T I J I_ ^ T , , . „ , Th e 1 had better fcrftVel dowu fco Esher |] at onc e - 1 retired to my sanctum and reap- P eare<1 a few ™! nufces 1,1 fc he characte r of a v . e "? rab,e P^so". As it ""P^tant that none of the house- ? old should know that I was a detective, 1 fc J f f ^ h at he would introduce me ?f - ,ohn Marshall, and then we took tram down to Esher. I found that besides the goblet some antique rings and a few pieces of gold and silver had been carried off. The lost skull had been kept under a glass shade in what the Colonel called his " Treasure Chamber." It was a small room lighted by an oriel window. The walls were wainscoted half way up, and the upper part was hung with tapestry. The Colonel assured me that the door of this room was always kept locked, and the key was never out of his possession. The lower part of the chimney of the old- fashioned fireplace I noticed was protected by iron bars let into the masonry, so that the thief, 1 was sure, did not come down the chimney ; nor did he come in at the window, for it only opened at each side, and the apertures were so small that a child could not have squeezed through. Nevertheless the thief had succeeded in getting into the room. How vdid he manage it ? That was the problem I had to solve, and that done I felt that I should be able to get a clue to the robber, I found the Colonel's family consisted of his wife—an Anglo-Indian lady—three charming daughters, his eldest son, Ronald Odell, a young man about 24, and a younger son, a youth of 1*2. The family were waited upon at table by two parlour-maids, the butler, and a page-boy. The butler was an elderly, sedate, gentlemanly-looking' man ; the boy had an open, frank face, and the same remark applied to the two girls. As I studied them 1 saw nothing calculated to raise my suspicions in any way. Indeed, I felt instinctively that I could safely pledge myself for their honesty, Ronald Odell was a most extraordinarylooking young fellow. He had been born and brought up in India, and seemed to suffer from an unconquerable lassitude that gave him a lifeless, insipid appearance. He was very dark, with dreamy, languid eyes, and an expressionless face of a peculiar shallowness. He was tall and thin, with hands that were most noticeable, owing to the length, flexibility, and thinness of the fingers. He sat in the chair with his body huddled up as it were ; his long legs stretched straight out before him ; his pointed chin resting on his chest, while he seemed to smoke his cigar as if unconscious of what he was doing, Having passed the household in review without result, I requested that I might be allowed to spend a short time alone in the room from whence the skull had been stolen. The floor was polished and iminovable, but a part of the wainscoting gave back a hollow sound to my raps, and I was of opinion that the room had been entered by a secret door. Alt hough convinced that the panel which gave back the hollow sound was a door, I could detect no means of opening it. On rejoining the Colonel, I asked to be allowed carte blanche in the matter, and this e » rantefi - 1 to,d 1,1,11 that many things necessarily Beemed extraordinary when the reasons for eni were not understood, and with that fema'k I took my departure, having prolmis e ' 1 the Colonel to do evu vthi., rtai 1UMU UUuiu uw to iCUWV«t the iucb akull, 1 Three days later i went. dowi. i-o tin Manor disguised as a working plumber, and was admitted without any difficulty. As a servant was showing me upstairs to the top • iding, where a trap-door in the ceiling -:4ave access to the loads, I passed Ronald Odell on the stairs. He was attired in a long dressing- gown, had Turkish slippers on his eet, a fez 011 his head, and a cigar in his mouth, from which lie was puffing great volumes of smoke. His face was almost hastly in its pallor, and bis eyes had the same dreamy look which I had noticed on myfirst visit. His hands were thrust deep in his pockets, and his movements and manner were suggestive of a person walking in his sleep, rather than a waking conscious man. This suggest ion was heightened by t he fact that before I could avoid him lie ran full butt againstme. That, however, seemed to partially arouse him from the lethargic condition, and turning round, with a fiercenesis of expression that I scarcely deemed him ca|iable of, he exclaimed— " Vou stupid fool, why don't you look where you are going to ?" I muttered out an apology,, and he-strode down the 1 stairs growling to himself. j -. My object in going on to the roof was to" see if there was any communication between there and the " Treasure Chamber." I noticed a trap door between two chimney stalks, but found it fastened. So after a time 'I went back and inquired of t}ie servant where the communication with the other trap door was. She conducted me to the lumber room, which she assured me wasl haunted, and there left me at the dooi£, saying, _ . ' ; " There you are, but I aint a-going in." The room was in total darkness, but having procuied a candle I commenced to explore. It was filled with a miscellaneous collection of lumber. A flight of steps led to the trap door I had noticed on the roof, but I found they had not been trodden on for a very long time. The walls of the room were wainscoted. Going down on my knees I examined the floor with a magnifying glass, and detected footmarks made by slippered feet that led to one particular corner of the room. This was very suggestive, and on rapping the wainscot in that part found it was hollow. Unconsciously I touched a spring in the woodwork, and. the door .-swung open. By the light of the candle I discerned the head of a flight of steps built in the thickness of the wall. I saw unmistakable traces of the slippered feet 011 the steps as I descended. I leached the bottom, and found further progress barred by a door that was without handle or lock ; but, after some time, I discovered a .mall wooden knob sunk in the woodwork at the side, and, pressing this, the door, with almost, absolute noiselessness, slid back, and lo ! the " Treasure Chamber " was revealed. In the face of this di -covery, I no longer entertained a doubt that the thief had entered the room by meaus of this secret passage. And there was no one in the whole household upon whom my suspicions fixed with the exception of Ronald Odell. If my assumpt'on that he was the thief was correct, the mystery was so far explained ; and my next step was to discover why -he had robbed his father, and what he had done with the property. He was so strange and peculiar that somehow I could not imagine that he had stolen the things merely for the sake of vulgar gain, my impression being that in carrying off the jewelled skull he was actuated by some extraordinary motive, quite apart from the mere question of theft, and this determined me to shadow bim for a time in the hope that I should succeed in soon obtaining distinct evidence that my theory was correct. Before leaving the house, I sought an interview with Mrs. Odell. who was anxious, to ktiow what the result was of my investigation : but I considered it advisable, in the then state of matters, to withhold from her the discovery I had made. But, as her curiosity to learn what I had been doing oh the roof was very great, I informed her that my theory was at first that there was some connection between the roof and the " Treasure Chamber "; but, though I had not proved that to be correct, I nevertheless was of opinion that the purloiner of the articles resided in the house. Whereupon she very naturally asked me if I suspected any particular person. I answered her candidly that I did ; but that, in the absence of anything like proof, I should not be justified in naming anyone. I assured her, however, that I would use the most strenuous efforts to obtain the proof I wanted. Before leaving her, I remarked in a casual sort of way— " I suppose Mr. Ronald is at the head of affairs during his father's absence ?" . " Well," she began, with evident reluctance to say anything against her son, " Ronald is of a very peculiar disposition. He seems to live quite within himself, as it were, and takes no interest 1*11 anything. As a matter of fact, I see very little of him, for he usually spends his evenings from home, and does not return until late. The greater part of the day he keeps to hi6 rooms. I am sure I am quite concerned about him at times." It fell to my lot to solve this mystery a week later. I shadowed him to a house situated in a cid de i<a<; in the very heart of the city of London. I ascertained the house was in the occupation of a club consisting of Anglo Indians. .The premises were in charge of a Hindoo and his wife, and the members of the club met on an average five nights a week. All this was so much more mystery, but it was precisely in accord with the theory I had been working out in my own mind. The next afternoon I went to the house, and the door was opened to my knock by the Hindoo woman, who was a mild-eyed, sad- looking little creature ; I asked her if she could give me some particulars of the club that was held there, and she informed me thftt it was known as " The Indian Dreamers' Ciub." But beyond that scrap of information she did not seem disposed to go. " You had better come when my husband is here," she said, thereby giving me to understand that her husband was absent. But as I deemed it probable that she might prove more susceptible to my persuasive influences than her husband, I asked her if she would allow me to see over the premises. She declined to do this until I displayed before her greedy eyes certain gold coins of the realm, which proved too much . for her cupidity, and she consented to let me go inside. The entrance - hall was carpeted with a thick, massive carpet, and the walls were hung with black velvet. A strange, sickening odour pervaded the air. I passed through a curtained doorway into an extensive apartment that ran the whole depth of the building. Daylight being excluded, the light was obtained from a large lamp of blood-coloured glass, and which depended from the centre of the ceiling. There was also a niche at each end of the room, where a lamp of the old Roman pattern burnt. The walls of the room were hung with purple velvet curtains, and the ceiling was also draped with the same material, while the floor was covered with a rich Indian carpet into which the feet sank. In the centre of the room was a table covered with velvet, and round the room were most luxurious couches. The same sickly odour pervaded this remarkable chamber, which was like a tomb in its silence. On the velvet on one side of the room was inscribed in letters of gold this sentence : " Te DREAM IS TO LIVK! DREAM ON, FOB TO AWAKEN IS TO DIE ! While still engaged in examining the room a bell rang, and instantly the Hindoo woman became greatly excited, for she said it was her husband, and that he would be so angry if he found me that she would not be responsible for the consequences. She therefore thrust me into a recess. Nothing could have happened better, for I was resolved to remaiu in my place of concealment till I had solved the mystery of the club. The Indian woman had told me the members of the club met at seven o'clock. As the hour drew near the door opened and the husband of t he woman came in. He was a tall, puwu l id, tierce-looking man, weaiinga vuibuu aud IUGM^CI in XuiUttu wv^Luiutfc placed three or tour small lighted lamps om * the table, also a number of quaint Imliain; drinking cups, which I recognised from fcbo lescription of those that had been stolen from the Manor a year or so previously, together with twelve magnificent-hookahs. These preporations coffifjeted, he retired, and a quartet-of-an-hour Tater he returned and wound up a targe musical box which I had not noticed, owing to its being concealed behind a curtain. The box began to play muffled and plaintive music. A few minutea,' later, and the Indian once more appeared., This time he wore a sort of dressing-gown of some rich material braided with gold. He walked backwards, and following him in single file were twelve men, the first being Ronald Odell. Five of them were men of colour ; three of the others were half-castes, the rest were whites. But they all had the languid, dreamy appearance which characterised Odell. who, as I was to subsequently learn,was their leader and president. : They ranged themselves round the table silently as ghosts; and, without a word, Ronald Odell handed a key to the Indian, who proceeded to unlock a chest, and took therefrom the skull goblet which had been carried off from Colonel Odell's " Treasure Chamber " by—could there any longer be a : doubt ?—his own son. The skull, which was; provided with two gold handles, and rested on gold claws, was placed on the table before the president', who poured into it the'contents of two small bottles which were'given to him by the attendant, who took them fifem the chest. He then stirred the decoc- ; tibn up with a long-handled silver spoon of yery rich design and workmanship, andj Which 1 recognised, from the description j that had been given to me, as one that had! been taken from the Colonel's collection. As this strange mixture was stirred, the sicken- i ing, overpowering odour that I had noticed on first entering the place became so strong as to almost overcome me, aud I felt as if I should suffocate. But I struggled against the feeling as well as I could. The president next poured a small portion of the liquor into each of the twelve cups that had been provided, and as he raised his own bo his lips he said— " Brother dreamers, success to our club ! May your dreams be sweet and long !" The others bowed, but made no response, and each man drained the draught, which I guessed to be some potent herbal decoction for producing sleep. Then each man rose andwent to -a couch, and the attendant jhahded him a hookah, applied a light to the bowl, and from the smell that arose it was evident the pipes were charged with opium., As these drugged opium smokers leaned back on the luxurious touches, the concealed musical-box continued to play its plaintive melodies. A drowsy languor pervaded the room, and affected me to such extent that I felt as if I must be dreaming, and that the remarkable scene before my eyes was a dream vision that would speedily fade away. One by one the pipes fell from the nerveless grasp of the smokers, and were removed by the attendant. And when the last man had sunk-.- into insensibility, the Indian filled a small cup with some of the liquor from the skull goblet, and drained it off. Then he charged a pipe with opium, •and, coiling himself up on an ottoman, he began to smoke, until he, like the others, yielded to the soporific influences of the drug and the opium and went to sleep. My hour of triumph had come. I stepped' from my place of concealment, feeling faint and strange, and all but overcome by . an irresistible desire to sleep. I managed to stagger to the table, seize the goblet and the spoon, and make my way. to the door. As I gained- the passage the, Hindoo woman confronted me", for shfe was about to enter the room. I iVhat is the meaning of this ?" 5she' crijed, as she endeavoured to bar :"my, passage. 1 " Stand back !" I said, sternly. " I am a ( detective-officer. These things have been stolen, and I am about to restore them to their rightful owner." She manifested ' supreme distress, but recognised her powerlessness. Getting to the thoroughfare I hailed a cab, and drove home with my prize, and the following morning I telegraphed to E;iypfc to an address the Colonel had given me, informing him that I had recovered the goblet. The same day I went down to the Manor at Esher, and had an interview with Mr$. Odell. I felt, in the interest of her son, thqt it was iny duty to tell her all I had learnt the previous night. She was terribly distressed, but stated that she had suspected for some time that her son was given to opium smoking, though she had 110 idea lie carried the habit to such a remarkable extreme. She requested me to retain possession of the goblet and the spoon until her husband's return, and, in the meantime, she promised to take her weak and misguided son to task, and to have the secret passage in the wall effectually stopped up. I should mention that I had managed to s»ve a. small quantity of the liquor that was in the goblet when I" removed it from the club table; and I sent this to a celebrated analytical chemist for analysis, who pronounced it to be a very powerful and peculiar narcotic, made from a combination of Indian herbs with which: he was not familiar. The denouement has yet to be recorded. A few days later Ronald Odell, after drugging himself as usual, was found dead on one of the couches at the club. This necessitated an inquest, and the verdict was that he had died from a narcotic, but whether taken with the intention of destroying life or merely to produce sleep there was no evidence to show. Although I had no evidence to offer, I was firmly convinced in my own mind that the poor weak fellow had committed suicide, from'a sense of shame at the discovery I had made. Of course, after this'tragic affair, and the exposure it entailed, the Iudian Dreamers' .Club was broken up, and all its luxurious appointments were sold by auction and the members dispersed. One of the rules was that the members of the club should never exceed twelve in number. In the course of six months Colonel Odell returned from Egypt and,though much cut up by the death of his son, was exceedingly gratified at the recovery of the goblet which the misguided youth had no doubt purloined under the impression that it was useless in his father's treasure-room, but would adorn the table df the Dreamers' Club, of which he was presi- 1 dent. ; The motto of the club was singularly appropriate in his case : " Dream on, for to awaken is to die." He had awakened from his„ dream and passed into a state where dreams perplex • not.—^Abridged from the Strand Magazine. 