PARISIAN LETTER. (Poast OnR Own COREnniPNDENT.) Trial of the Dynamite Company.-This trial came before the Assize Court of the Seine Department last week. M. La Quay, the director, was sentenced to five years im prisonment and a fineof 100fr.-hoth having been accorded extenuating circumstances. Damages, to be fixed subsequently .by the State..will be allowed to the Societe gdnerale. de Dynamite. As regards M. Artan, the Court admitted no extenuating circum stances, and if he be not found, judgment by default will be given in his case at the close of the session. Death of Professor Ball.-Profeseor lenja min- Ball.' the well-known epecialist in mental diseases, died at hia Paist remidence the other morning. The cAure of death was general paralysis, from which sad anlction the deceased suffered for about twelve monthspast. Profesor Ball, who was 50 years of age, was a Chevelier of the Legion d'Honnenr, a Member of the Academe de Medicine, and Professor at the Faclte de Paris. He wnsiprofetsn- at St. Anne's Lunatic Asylum, where his lectures swetr followed with the greatest possible interest, and were regarded a h important contribu tions to the subject with which he dealt. His high. repute has caused him to fiaure in many important legal proceedings during the past few years. He was one of the doctors charged to report upon the mental condition of Gabriclle Bompard in the famous murder casl. Death of a Queen.-The other day's "Figaro'' mentioned that the Queen of Patagonia has died in Paris without any publc intimation having been ma1ne of th* faet. "She was born in Paris. marri&d; King Achillert in 1876. and was 44 years of are at the time of her death on 31st January last. The President of the Senate, M. Le Rager, has resigned, for a motive of the poor state of his health, and will probably be succeeded by M. Jules Ferry. The importance of the position of President of the Senate is enhanced at the present moment by the fact that be nmust preside "ex-officio" at the Versailles Congress in 1894 of a President of the Republic. For bbviouc reasons, a section of the community of the Moderate Republican party, and the full strength of the Radicals, are not particularly desirous of seeing M. Ferry occupy a post which places him in a position to influenco the Presiden tial election. The Ultra-Radicals, especi ally, are terribly disturbed at the probability of M. Jules Ferry's success. Never was the ficklenrsa of thel"French character more startlingly illustrated than by this nomina tion. Here is a man who a few years ago was howled at, despised, imprecated. saddled with the approbrious epithet of the "Tonkonois." whose candidacy to the Presidency of the Republic necessitated the occupation of the streets of Paris by an imposing force of soldiery, and whose election to that high office wonid almost certainly have resulted in another series of barricade episodes, who a few days ago was ret hrlFrred to stand the ghost of a chance, ee.,xpectedly received into favor by his fellow Republican legislators, and nominated to the highest position in the Senate. (lM. Ferry has since died). The propo.ed change in the electoral law, so as to renew the Chamber of Deputies by one- third every four years, seems to find en thusiastic supporters among a certain section of the Moderate R.publicans, although nothing could be less republican than such a change. Under the present system univer sal suffrage is ostensibly consulted every four years; but under the proposed system of partial renewal, only a section of the country would be consulted every four years. One of the reasons given for the proposed change is, that public huriners would be expedited and that many Bills, considered useful by their proposers, would more along more rapidly than ti-y doat present. But it is obvioua that, if Bills do not pass into laws dulringaparliamentary term of four years, tliese Bills ae of small importance, and that thoro i noe particular demand for them. Certain "provincial Repoblican Committees are, it is said, very anxious for the success of this scheme of partial renewal, which would increase their hold on their electorates. The German Government is quietly, but steadily, pushing forward the two mea-ures which cannot fail to make a marked differ ence in the European situation-the Army Bill. and the Treaty of Commerce with Russia. The Arty Iill. although it only increcaes the number of men with the cnlours by about 60,000 in time of peace, will, when it has received its full develop. ment. add another half-million of men to the strength of the German Army in time of war. If the military strength of nations is to be measured by more numbers. Germany has. even now, a sulficient. force to defend successful'y both her eastern and western frontiers ; but the new contingent will. give Germany, of course, a mech stronger reericed force than btfure. The Trcaty of Ccmmerce between Russia and Germany is ptogressina favorably. and when it comes into operaeion it will do much to relieve the misunderstaudinus which have grown up between the two nations during pat years. Pinee Blimarck ought to be satisfied with this return to a policy of good understandings with Russia, which, he lately deelared, through one of his authorised organs, to have been always his policy, forgetting that it was he who set the hall rolline by the summary expulsion of Russians from the Polish provinces of Pressia. The Carnival procestion which lately took place at Bale, Switzerland, had amongst its cars a historical and mythological one, representing the principal persons connected with the Panama scandals, as also the President of the French Republic. It was therefore not surprising that this compara tively trivial ioci-lent should have led to reclamations on the part of the French Government. addressed to the Swiss Federal althorities. It is uroderstord that the Swiss Government has gien that of Fance all the reparation for the presumed affiont that it was possible to give, and therefore the incident moy be considered closed. It is evident that the reje tion of tihe Swi-s Treaty by the piesent French Cuemb re, has not conduced to mthl .ain. tnauice of amicahle relations -between the. Fiesith newspapers take this view of'the matter, and the Radic-:l orrans especially throw the blame on the French tariff. One of the most ancient opinions, that given -by Joiephus- i tht it was in the country which lies between the Gauges and the Nile. This view inmaino< Eden as being a very widely-oxtended country, embracing all that r.vt terltory wlhich is I-unded on the east by tie Indus and on the west by Egypt' great watercourse. As the Garden is said to have been to th eastward in Eden. Jnsephns' places it definitely in the valley pf the Euphratles. Voa Hammer, the famous Oriental scholar, places it in Raltria: others locate it in BSbylonia. at the coon fluence of the Euphrates and the Tigris. Captain Wilford, a profound student of eastaun nntiquaries, has laboured for yea's to locate Eden in Burmiaon, south of the Koosh "Mouelaios. Buttmann puts it down as being in India ; Hrlder. in his History of Mankind," identifies it with the present vale of Cashmere. Many Oriental sects believe it was on the Island of Ceylon, while the Greeks place it.at Belh Aden. on Lebanon. Lastly, many eminoent scho!ars Sregard the whole story as leiog a gigantie fmyth. ----- . 