FICTION. From Kuri Ut , American, cud Otbar Periodical». DON DIAMOND. CHAPTER VII. PAPERS IN THE CASE. About a month after the crnfh of the degraded fugitive, lorn Trott, Mi lbomas M Wcuei, counsellor at law, was writnçj m bis saucturu, « \ û the outer office was full oí all toits of hard ea e awaiting their turn to interview the greatest criminal counsel m New "Soil 1 he day, outside, was sleety rainy and ntl Jy wi etched, when Glover's office boy, a thiovd youngster, quietly entered the sanctum and laid by hi? employer's band a slip of paper wiln comething «ritten on it It was a method arrpnped between the gieat criminal advocate and the sharpest of boya, by which Mr Glover might be able, without being dis turbed, to realize the prepuce of some one whom it might bo important foi lum to see Mr Glover did not lool sit tht, slip, but kept on writing tor about ten minutes, alter which he looked over what he had written, made a fe« or reotions and finally rubbed his h inds, muttering "I think that'll will settle the district attoinov in that case Humph ' Humph ' Prettj t,0ütÍ answer, I should call it Humph . ' His exultation lasted for about ten seconds, when he rang his hand-bell An elderly man came in, to whom he said briefly "Hore, take this answer and have it copied, Doremus Verify to monoi at nine " The elderly man took the paper and vanished when Glover inspected Uk papoi laid on his desk by the Bharp boy, reading "John Moore, fiom TJuuiaa Tiotfc, with a mes »age " The handwriting nae straDgo buthandsonip, and the lawyer regarded if frowmngly, muttering "Moora9 Moore? Don't know the man Trott? Trott * "What the deuee-" He seemed to be revolving the name ni his «und, till at last the thought stiuck him, and he ex claimed "Why, of course, of course ' Trott, alias Ellis, alias- I know-thut fellow sent up foi ten years Confound Judge Bioun1 I ought to have won that cane, if it hadn t been for his charlo to the jury Yes that is the man Other fellow probably a friend come after a new trial May as well settle him at once Iou't a ghost of a chance " Ting ' went the bell again, and the sharp boy entered, to whom he said, bhortly " Send that fellow m Moore, I mean " He was busy wilting ngam Vefore the boy had shut the door, and kept on at his work till he heard a cough behind him, ¿u<\, turning, confronted a tall man, with blown hair ind a short, biowu lizard, cut close This man had a fine but exceedingly gloomy face, and, as Glovei looked round, he bowed, as if of a very diffeient class fiom the men in the outer office, and said, politely " Mr Glover, I presume I have come at the re quest of-" '* I know, I know-Trott Remember the case well, sir No use at iii Not the ghost of a chance for a new trial," the lawyei interrupted, in his brusque way Moore allowed him to finieh and said, quietly "You mistake I did not come about any new trial The poor fellow is, dead, sir, and sent me to tell yon abonfc some papers that he left m your charge " Glover looked doubtful a moment, and scratched his head He was accustomed to a constant rush of business and meeting all sorts of faces, but, when a case was once disposed of, was liable to forget the incidents till something recalled them '* Papers ? What papers ?" he asked. Moore's face fell somewhat, and he said, sorrow- fully " I'm sorry if he deceived me, sir, but perhaps this will recall it to your memory Dou't you re- member a few weeks ago an escape from Sing Sing, a man frozen to death and another disappearing ?" Glover had been staring at him in an absent minded way as if trying to recall the thing, and as soon as he had finished, said sharply "Then your name's not Mooro " He paused a minute an if to collect his thoughts, and then turned to a scrap- book at one side of his table, selecting a page, with a certainty that seemed to know no mistakes Putting his finger on a certain article, he enid " Your name's John Lee There it is, plain as a pike staff You're a pretty bold man to come here How do you know I shall not call an officer and bave you sent hack ? ' " Because, the man who sent me here told me you had nevei yet betiayed the confidence of the unfortunate," replied his visitor, gravely "And because his opinion of you was confirmed by others who know you " Glover smiled slightly, and pushed away the book, saying briskly " So far, so good I only wanted to show you that it is dangerous to try to deceive me with any false names " "I have not deceived you,"' said the othei, quietly "Moore is my real name; Lee an assumed one, under which I was convicted That fact has been my only salvation for years " The lawyer looked at him keenly He saw that this was no ordinary criminal, but he had no belief in the lonoccnce of any man who ever went to prison He had seen so much of the bad side of human nature that his nature had boconas hard- ened So he suppressed a slight yawn, and only replied "Well, let it go at that, Lee or Moore, or what ever you please P What ib it you want with me? My time is valuable ; and I don't give advice with- out money in pocket " "I asked you for the papers which Trott left with you," replied the -\ lsitor, quietly " He told me that, many years ago, he swoie to a statement in yonr office, which you drew out for him, which statement would show me to have been eonvuted of a crime of which I was innocent Don't you Temember it ?" For answer, the lawyer rose from his seat and went to his safe, where he looked along a row of pigeon-holes, alphabetically arranged Taking soma papers from one o'1 these holes, he sorted them over, and finally uttered a low cry of surprise, say inf " By Jove, so he did '" He brought back a ye'lov\ envelope, secured with red tape, mfl scaled He p>< d it thoughtfully refreshing his wonderful memory by the simple process of staring at the cover "I begin to remember, now," he said. "I ?thought 1 rott was crazy at the timp, but took down 1ms statement, and swore him to it Then, some years afterward, he got into trouble, and I de fended him He gave me some old papers, and asked me to seal them np with his statement, and here they are Bat, you see, I am in such a rush all the time, that I forget till something brings it np What have you got to show that you are entitled to these papers ?" John leaned forward and made a peculiar sign, giving at the same time some passwords >vhich he had been taught by the fraternity, and Glover instantly handed over the papers, saying "That's right The next thing is Do you want me to do anything for you ' I'll do it, if you do " John put the papers in his pookot ana shook his j head. j " Not yet, sir. Thank you for asking. The time may come when I shall hare to apply for your help, but not till I have money to pay yon. Tn the mean- time, I am going to " '. Don't tell me a word," interrupted Glover, not unkindly. " Any one can see you're not a criminal, by your ways. But, neverthelesa, take my advice and_ don't give yourself away to a soul. I have been trying to recall something about your case, and now I know what it ia. Pinkston and Hurley are looking for you, and the sooner you are out of the country the better." "And who are Pinkston and Hurley?" asked Lee, quietly. Glover laughed. " Well, you are green, to be sure They are the biggest firm of private detectives in the country, mid have been uncommonly active of late, under i big pay from some one or other. How did you manage to got here safely ? No, never mind answer- ing. The best thing you can do is to hide till your hair gets longer. Good morning." Then he turned agaiu to his writing, and Moore went quietly out of the room, thinking that this criminal lawyer was a strange fellow, but by no means a bad one. As hf» passed out, the wpiting clients of the dis- tinguished Mr. Glover eyed bim askance, but asked rio questions ; for it was the etiquette of that office fur every one to miad his own business. In the street, in the sleety drizzle, he went, his pea-jacket buttoned to the chin, a slouch hat pulled down over his eyes. He had been rigged up by the fraternity in a sort or bailor dress, and had no fears of being recognised by a soul, after the lapse of so many years. Never- theless he could not help a certain uneasy glance up and down the street as ho stepped out and walked down toward the Battery with the packet of papers buttoned closely in his breast. True to Trott's promise, the fraternity had taken good care .if him, hiding Lee away in a remote country village, where a secret counterfeiting es- tablishment was in full blast. In the month that had elapsed since his escape from Sing Sing, John Moore had learned more of the tricks of criminals than he had ever dreamed of in his life, and had wondered at the silent respect with whish they treated him, in spite of the fact that they knew he did not belong to their class at all. He had begun to think better of human nature when he found that there actually was " honor among thieves," as day passed day with him still unbetrayed, in spite of the reward that he knew had been offered. They had paid his passage to a South American port, and r-e had knowu that the vessel was going to sail in an hour when he took the risk of going to Glovsr's office to get the package on which he had been building such vague hopes all this time. , Now, as he swung down Broadway, he began to wish he had not gone there ; for the warning of Glover rang in his ears yet: "The best thing you can do is to hide till your hair gets longer." He l»d never thought of the fact that his hair and board, being only a month in growth and even all round, might give a clue to a sharp detective. Therefore, as soon as he was fairly out, he made good time toward the dock on the North River, near the Battery, whence the steamer Caracas sailed, on whose book was inscribed the name of " Alexander James," under which he was sailing. But the wretched weather was in his favour, and he reached the dock unchallenged, just in time to see the big steamer casting off her bow-line. He had his foot on the gang-plank to enter, when he heard a sharp voice call out behind him : "Halloa, Lee! Lee! What's the matter with you? Why don't you stop to say a word to a fellow?" For one instant the heart of the fugitive stood still. J Some one had followed him and was calling his name. But he had acquired, since his imprison- ment, a presence of mind and courage which few men possess, and did not even turn his head. Springing up the gang-plank, he found himself on board, and saw the plank drawn in, when the same voice, as before, shouted out : " Lee-John Lee, I say ! Don't you hear me calling to you ?" He had gained tho deck, and the captain was shouting his orders to the hands to " Slack off here !" and "Hold on there !" while the tingling of the engine- bell, as the engines were started, re- versed or stopped, in the operation of getting out of the dock, made considerable confusion. All this time he had not dared to turn round and identify the voice j but as soon as he thought him- self safe, he ran under the shelter of the bulwarks into the second-cabin, where he hastily snatched up an old " sou'-wester" which lay there by an oilskin coat, and, clapping it on his head, thrust his arms into the coat and boldly walked out on the deck, looking toward the land. The ship had swung half out of the dock by that time, and John saw two men standing there, gazing earnestly at her, one of them with an umbrella over his head, the other in an india-rubber suit. A thrill of intense hatred and fear shot through the heart of the fugitive ao he recognised, in the man under the .umbrella, in spite of the lapse of time and changes in appearance, his ancient enemy, Baymond Ralston, the man who had sent bim to prison through perjury. There was no mistaking the dark face and dandi- fied dress ; but John realised that most of his dang. :r was over, for the " sou'-wester" and yellow oilskin had changed him so completely that neither of the men on the dock made aoy sign of recognition. One instant he stood there, staring at the detec- tive and Ralston, and then turned, making his figure as slouching as possible into the cabin, where he threw the things, which belonged to one of the mates, where he had found them, and dived into his own stateroom. Luckily for him, it opened on the side of the dock, and he knew that there was no chance of any one soeing him through the little, round " bull's eye" which gave light to the place. Through that window he watched the two men on the dock, talking to each other, as the big steamer swung round and pointed her head seaward. When at last she had cleared the dock, John Lee saw the two men walk off slowly, and evidently not in a hurry. Had he been with them, he might have, realized how narrow was his escape; for the man in the rubber coat said to Ralston : "I'll telegraph after him, if you like, sir; but I'm afraid there isn't much chance of its being your man." Ralston drew a long breath and said slowly : " I could have sworn it was, for one moment. He had a certain turn of the head, looked like the man ; I wished to Heaven we'd seen his face !" "I saw it," replied the deteotive, at once. "Reckon he belonged to the ship, and was late in getting aboard, Didn't you see him come out ia the'sou'wester?' That's what made me know he must be one of the hands or under-officers. But as you didn't recognize him, that settles it, I think, Mr. Ralston. It couldn't be your man." " What ? That fellow who stood by the captain and looked at us ? Oh, no, that waa not Lee, the convict. I'd know him anywhere." The detective shrugged his shoulders with' an air of indifference, and replied : " It was the same man you pointed out as he came down the street. I saw you signalling behind him, and noted his face as he passed. He is the the man that looked over the rail at us. Ralston paused, and stared anxiously at the de- tective : " What sort of a face was it ?" "Thin as a rail, square, brown beard, brown eyes, with a sear on the Bide of his nose half-way across the cheek," replied the detective, tersely, enumerating the points with professional acuteness. Ralston sighed and shook his head. "Then I'm afraid we were wrong. John Lee had a round, smooth face, a complexion like a girl's and-I don't see what-never mind. It must have been my mistake. He had no sear on his face." "What made you think you know the man, Mr. Ralston ?" asked the detective, suddenly. Ralston coloured and hesitated, and at last said : " lb was his back and the way he walked. But I suppose I must have been wrong. Let it pass. We'll catch him yet." Then he separated from the detective and walked gloomily to his favourite restaurant down-town, where he tried to drink himself into carelessness and oblivion of the fact that his conscience was making him more and more uneasy every hour. And, in the meantime, the escaped convict, in his state-room, was opening, with a tremulous hand, J the papera containing the outcast's secret, and won- j derisg what it would bring bim. 