CHAPTER VII. "HEREIN FORTUNE SHOWS HERSELF MORE KIND THAN IS HER CUSTOM." Clive had known his mate must die—had even prayed for his death as the only relief possible, and yet now that he was gone he felt he would give all he possessed—all he was ever likely to possess—to hear his voice again. Should he ever hear any human voice again, or should he die a long, linger- ing, terrible death shut out from all human sympathy—from all human companionship? Hitherto his mate's sufferings had at least served one purpose—they had kept his thoughts away from the contemplation of his own perilous position, but now it rushed upon him with all its dangers, all its terrible possibilities, and, leaning up against the damp wall, he covered his face with his hands and cried like a child. "Oh Lucy—Lucy! oh my love, my love!'' Should he ever see her again, or was it not much more, likely he should die here, in this hole—die of hunger and thirst and want of air, hundreds of feet beneath the surface of the bright earth? It was so short a time since he had seen her--had held her in his arms, and listened to her shy confession of love--had allowed himself to cherish such high hopes for the future—and now—now, what would be the end? There lay his mate, dead—crushed to death, and only two hours before he had been hale and hearty, and, full of hope. Two hours before—he drew out his watch, a cheap Waterbury, purchased with some of his first earnings—and looked at the time. Half past ten. Why, half-an-hour ago they had both been safe. Was it possible it was only half-an-hour ago? It seemed to him that it might be twelve hours ago, and the watch hands might have gone all round the dial; and it required a moment's reflection before he was convinced it was not so. Only half-an- hour, only half-an-hour. Why, very likely they didn't know of the accident above yet. How long would they take to tunnel through and rescue him? He sat down and tried to think it out quietly. How much of the drive had fallen in, he wondered. Perhaps only a little—perhaps the whole length, and, if so. then it would take weeks to get to him. How long could he live in that confined space? How long would the air last? How long the bread and meat he had brought with him for crib time? How long his billy of tea? Half of that was gone already. He looked at the candle-end guttering out now, and reflected that he had only two more left. Could he brave the horror of great darkness, and save them for food? His mate's dying face would haunt him, he knew; but still he made up his mind when that candle burnt out he would light no other, and like a miser he watched the inch of candle sink lower and lower. Another half-hour and he would be in darkness, perhaps never to see the light again in this world. Then an idea came to him—even though he remembered his mate's warning—that at least he would take advantage of the light while he had it, and seizing his spade he set to work on the earth that had filled up the mouth of the drive. But almost at once he saw that Harker's warning had been right; the earth was soft and rotten; he could no more hope to get through it than he could hope to funnel a way through the wall on the other side. He gave it up, and covering over the dead man's face from his sight with his coat, sat down and watched the little candle flicker out. Then when the darkness came on him, he turned his face to the wall and tried to sleep. But sleep would not come. All his life seemed to pass before him as he sat there walled up, shut out from the world above. He was a boy again—at school—and things came to his mind that he had not thought of for years. He remembered, as clearly as if it had been yesterday, how keenly he had felt the loss of the Latin prose prize. He had worked so hard for it—had given up so much: and yet Timms had won it—Timms, who had never worked at all. It had been a cruel disappointment, for he had made so sure of the Latin prose prize. Then he remembered the first time he had played with the school eleven. They were twenty runs behind, he was the last man in, and the match was as good as lost, they said, but he had made the twenty runs and one besides, and he could hear now the deafening cheers with which his school greeted him as he walked proudly off the field, his bat across his shoulder. That had been a moment worth living for, he thought. It was that night, too, he first ventured to kiss the house-master's daughter, pretty fair-haired Lucy Graham—she had been a Lucy, too. All the boys adored her, it was the fashion, but Parkyns ma. had been first favourite. And she had always made him button-hole bouquets, but though she had pouted and boxed his ears when he, Clive, the hero of the day, kissed her, she had not looked exactly angry, and from that time forth Clive had the bouquets, and poor Parkyns went without. Pretty little Lucy--he found himself idly wondering what had become of her. And then there was that other Lucy—the dark-haired Australian girl whom he loved with all his soul—what was she doing now? She did not know of his plight. He hoped and prayed she would not know till all was over one way or the other. He did not want his darling to suffer; he knew she loved him, was more certain of it than of anything else in heaven or earth, and he would not have her suffer if he could help it. How sweet she had been yesterday afternoon, how sweet, and tender, and loving; how good she had always been to him. The day she had found him, sitting lonely, and heartsore, and starving by the lakeside—could any other woman have been as tenderly kind and thoughtful? He doubted it, he doubted it. "Better die while you love her, lad." His mate's cynical words rang in his ears--"Better die while you love her." Ah, but she would never change--never, and if he had not cared to live for his own sake he cared for hers. It haunted him, that dead man's face, the knowledge that the dead man was so close, that any moment he might touch him in the darkness was a horrible and terrible dread to him, that kept him crouched up in one corner till every limb felt stiff and cramped. He ate sparingly of his bread and meat. He drank sparingly of his tea, and then, exhausted by his emotions, fell asleep, still in a sitting posture, in a corner as far as possible from the corpse. He awoke with a start after some hours, and at first could not imagine where he was. Then the situation flashed across him with a bitterness no words can describe. Entombed—already entombed—with a corpse close beside him. How long had he been there? How long had he slept? He struck a match and looked at his watch. Ten minutes to five. The shifts had been changed nearly an hour ago. Already, then, the rescuers must be at work, if they had not started hours ago. The thought cheered him some what, and he drew out his pipe and lighted it, thinking grimly to himself that he had starved once before, and then he had had no tobacco; he bad not much now, only what he had thought would last him the day. How long would the rescuersbe? How long? "In danger and tribulation; in danger and tribulation"--the words came back to him again; and when his pipe was done he tried to carve them with his knife on the wall against which he was leaning, But he could not guide his knife properly in the dark, and it was difficult to make a smooth enough place, and when he did get a place he wrote ''Lucy?" in large enough letters to attract attention. If he were not alive when they found him, at least she would know his last thoughts had been of her. The night came on, though it was all night to him. Seven o'clock--he should have been at "The Laurels" now. What was Lucy thinking of him? Was she wondering why he did not come? Again and again he struck a match to look at his watch, only to find it but ten minutes since he had looked before. His stock of matches grew low and he husbanded them--what for he hardly knew--and opening the case felt tor the hands with his fingers. He tried walking up and down his narrow prison, but fear of touching the dead man deterred him. Then at last when he could keep still no longer, he walked up and down with his hand on the wall, so its to keep away as far as possible from the fallen earth and the dead man. Up and down, up and down ten times, twenty times, fifty times, a hundred times. He counted them carefully, and then, leaning up against the wall, made a calculation—why he could hardly have told himself. His promenade was about eight feet long--he had been up and down it a hundred times. That was eight hundred feet--not a sixth of a mile. He walked the mile steadily. He did another mile, and then flung himself down despairing. What was the use of it all? What was the good of it all? It had not occupied three quarters of an hour. He had not yet been in the mine twenty-four hours. Two o'clock—three o'clock—four o'clock—five o'clock. It was beginning to get light now up above. Would he ever see the dawn again? He had eaten his last morsel--drank his last drop of tea--and now there only remained to him the two candles and a small modicum of tobacco. Was it worth while, to leave it, or should he smoke it then? He fell asleep trying to decide, and when he awoke three or four hours later his horror of the darkness was so great that he lighted one of his candles for a moment just to see if the place looked exactly the same. It looked so small by the flickering light--so small --an irregular square, about eight feet between each wall, with an arched roof so low, it seemed about to fall upon him, and there, right in the centre, lay his coat, covering, he knew, the face of his dead mate. There was the "Lucy" he had cut on the wall--large, irregular letters, quite big enough to attract attention, his poor little girl--his dear little girl!--and he kissed the rough clay on which he had traced her name, as if it might by any chance convey the message he was longing to send. Then he blew the candle out, and the darkness pressed him in more closely than ever. The air was becoming heavy and vitiated, he fancied; could he live long in it? His mouth was dry, and he was overpowered with thirst, but, though the walls were damp, and every now and then a drop of muddy water trickled down on to the floor, it was difficult to catch it. He managed to fix up his billy at last, and then listened to the water dropping, drop by drop, slowly and at long intervals, into it by twelve o'clock in the day there was about a cupful in the billy, and he drank it eagerly and thirstily. He would not die of thirst at this rate. But how slowly the time passed. He had been entombed but little over the twenty-four hours, and yet from his sensations it might have been years and years? Why had he not died, like his mate? Why not have been killed outright? But this lingering death, this death in life, was cruel. He had starved once before--actually starved, not so very long ago. But then at least he was not shut out from his fellows. He knew he had but to state his necessities, to humble himself to ask, and he would have received abundantly. It was curious how that Sunday at St Alphius' haunted him. He had been to church frequently since with Lucy and her sister, but that Sunday when he had first seen her stood out clear and distinct in his memory. All that afternoon--the afternoon which was deepest, darkest night to him--he thought of that Sunday, and went over in his mind each little event as if it were a matter of the deepest importance. He had been despairing then, but next day had brought him comfort. Would it be the same this time? The only comfort he dared hope for was death--death that would come quickly. "Oh, Death, where is thy sting? Oh, Grave, thy victory." the congregation had sung in triumphal chorus; but he did not want death; he was not resigned to die. His whole desire was for life--life with the woman he had won only yesterday. Was it only yesterday? No. Good Heavens! it was two days ago now. And yet how slowly the tune passed. He could hardly think this was only Tuesday night. He began to fancy he must have made a mistake in his calculations, and counted one twelve hours over twice. If it had not been for the evidence of his watch he would have thought he had been there a week at least. And the second night wore away--how he could hardly have told. Some- times he was wildly despairing, sometimes strangely hopeful, listening with intense eagerness when any sound broke the stillness. Once he had started up certain that the rescuers were at hand, only to find that the noise was caused by a slight settlement of the fallen earth, and so keen was the disappointment that he flung himself down in his corner, sobbing and moaning in agony. He could not walk up and down now. His head was dizzy, and he could not trust himself to keep .straight. His horror of the dead man was as great as ever; he feared lest he might touch him--might even trample on his face. Sometimes he was smitten with the fancy that he had gone blind, and he struck a match in order to convince himself it was not so; but by midday on Wednesday all his matches were gone, his tobacco was gone, and he had eaten the last scrap of candle. It was but little over forty-eight hours since the drive had fallen in, but it might have been forty years to judge by his feelings. He seemed to have lived through so much, he wondered if he ever got out whether his hair would be grey and his face wrinkled. Such things had happened, he had read. But somehow this third day passed more quietly than its predecessors. He was worn out with the violence of his emotions, he had alternated between the wildest hopes and the deepest despair, and now there had mercifully fallen on him a stupor—a stupor born of weariness and hunger—and bad water and bad air, and he lay, waiting patiently either death or deliverance. He dozed sometimes and dreamed, but his waking and his sleeping thoughts were so closely allied he could not tell which was which. Lucy seemed to be just opposite to him, standing there where he had carved her name, but the dead man lay between them, and though she stretched out her hands to him she dared not come, and he could not go to her. Then he heard her voice in the Litany, her voice instead of the priest's. "That it may please Thee to succour, help, and comfort all that are in danger, necessity, and tribulation." And when he tried to take up the answering refrain it seemed to him he was not himself, but Ben Harker crushed under the cruel beams and falling earth, and thanking God that Lucy, his wife and sweetheart, was dead, and he was a free man at last. He made a desperate effort to recover himself, he rose to his feet, stretched out his hand for the billy, and eagerly drank the muddy water it contained--he never forgot to fix the billy so that it would catch the water that was his last hope--then he felt for the time, and found it was twelve o'clock, but whether on Wednesday night or Thursday morning he could not remember. There was a ringing and a whining in his ears, and he sat down again to see if it would wear off, and when next he took out his watch it had stopped, and he lost count of the time entirely. After that the time passed like a hideous nightmare. Sometimes he knew he was awake, sometimes he knew he was only dreaming, but always there was with him the consciousness that he was buried alive, and that less and less and less became the chances of rescue. He tried, as he had tried many a time, to picture Lucy mourning him; but the dizziness in his head was too great now; besides, she was so close at hand, only on the other side of this tiny chamber he could hear her soft breathing, and as soon as he could overcome his repugnance to pass the dead man he would go to her. Faintly to his nostrils seemed to come the scent of the boronia she had worn. Why did he not go to her and lay his head on her breast; and let her comfort him as she only knew how? He put out his hand for his billy, and found for the first time it was gone. Of course he thought she had taken it--that was only fair; he would go to her in a moment--as soon as his head felt better—in a moment—in a moment—in danger—necessity—in—in—in what came—next—danger—danger—danger. How, sweet the boronia smelt —how sweet! Surely Lucy had come to him--she had come, and held him in her arms. There was a light—a little light—light at last—was it only a candle—or was it—was it—what could it be? The sunlight-oh, surely not. "Hold on a bit, Bill," said a rough, kindly voice in his ear. "That's enough brandy for the present. The poor beggar's most done for, ain't he? But he's comin' round now. There, you hold up his head, sir. Poor chap, he had a bad time! Tom, send for the doctor—send now—send. He's in that cottage there. Now—now—he's openin' his eyes." And Clive opened his eyes—opened them, and saw above him the deep blue sky flecked with fleecy clouds, the poppet-heads of the claim, and close at hand the kindly anxious faces of Mr. Thornton and Wilson, the underground manager, and the scent of the boronia was stronger than ever. "Lucy--boronia," he muttered, hardly knowing what he said, and wonder- ing if this too were part of his dreaming. "All right, my lad, it's in my coat—and Lucy'll be all right once she hears you're safe. A little more brandy, Wilson. Thank Heaven! here's the doctor." The doctor came, but could do no more than they had done already, and in a few moments Clive found himself able to sit up and look round on the sympathising little crowd of men who clustered round. They were all miners, a like fate might be theirs any day, and they were eager for the tale he had to tell. "Harker," he asked anxiously; "he is dead?" For the thought came to him that he might have dreamed of his mate's death. All those days were like a hideous dream. "Ay, poor chap!" said Wilson, "they're getting him out now. He couldn't have lived above a minute or so with that weight on him." "Twenty," sighed Clive, "twenty awful minutes." And there came a murmur of pity and sympathy from those standing round. Then Clive asked. "What day? How long?" "Friday afternoon, my sonny,'' said the underground manager, clapping him on the shoulder. "We hadn't much hope of finding you alive, I can tell you. But the ground was so rotten—that though we worked like niggers we couldn't get there a bit sooner." He was weak from his long fast, but once they had fed him with broth and brandy there was not much else the matter with him. "I've a cab here," said Mr. Thornton. "We'll drive to your lodging and get some clean things, then I must take you home. Lucy'll be wild to see you. I've sent on a message to say you're all right." It was like a dream still to Clive—the bright, sunny afternoon, with the shadows growing longer and longer, the clusters of people, the poppet- heads, the whirr and crash of the engines, after the darkness and the silence of the mine. He had thought never to see the bright and sunny earth again "We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord." He had thought the prayer a useless mockery, and behold God had heard and had delivered him. But what of his mate—he had prayed too. "Harker?" he asked. "Harker? What of Harker? I should like to see Harker." "My dear fellow," remonstrated Mr. Thornton. "Where would be the good? He died days ago, his sufferings are over, and besides----" "It'll take us another day to get out the body," added Wilson. "Poor chap, it was hard on him. I thought he was going to have a bit of chance now his wife was dead. "What was her name?" asked Clive, thinking of his mate's last words. "Alice--leastways, he called her Ally, or Sally, or something," answered the underground manager, evidently wondering why he was interested. But Clive said nothing. Why should he betray the dead man's secrets' it was better to hold his tongue, if only for the sake of the Polly he had called on so tenderly in his last moments. Then he got into the cab with his friend as in a dream. He heard the men cheer as they drove off, and mechanically smiled and nodded back to them. As in a dream he went to his lodging and changed his things. It seemed so long since he had been there, it was surprising to find everything just the same, only little Pepper wildly excited at seeing his master again, and behaving like a dog demented. It was like a dream, too, driving up to "The Laurels." He could hardly believe it was real, and spoke more than once to the man beside him, in order to reassure himself. Hanging over the gate were three youthful scions of the house of Thornton, and there certainly ought to have been little doubt about their reality. "Cabby, Gabby, cabby!'' they shouted in chorus ; "is that dad and Clive Dowling?" "Yes," called back the cabman. "Will you open the gate for me." So Eric opened the gate, and the other two, accompanied by Pepper; flew as fast as their little legs could carry them up to the house. The drive was too long and winding for their eagerness, and the well-dug beds next day bore evident marks of their flying feet. "Mother! Lucy! Hilda!" Clive heard them shouting, "he's here! he's here! he's here!" In the doorway stood Mrs. Thornton and Hilda, and a little behind he saw Lucy. They were rejoicing over him as one of their own, and he could find no words as he stood opposite to Mrs. Thornton and looked down into her kindly face. "My dear boy!" she said, taking his hand in both of hers and patting it fondly; "my dear boy!" Hilda was hanging on to his arm in true sisterly fashion, tears in her bright eyes, and the three little boys were dancing a regular war dance around him. "Now," said Hilda, "we're going to hand you over to Lucy. She's been breaking her heart about you for the last five days, and you must promise \--never-- never--never--to go down a mine any more. Life censed to be a dream to Clive when he found himself alone in the school- room once more, his sweetheart in his arms, kissing him and crying over him. "Oh, dear! oh dear!" she sobbed, "and I thought you were dead, and I'd never see you again." He stroked her dark hair fondly. She looked white and worn, as if indeed life had gone hardly with her during the last few days, so different she was from the happy girl he had parted with on Sunday. "My darling!" What need was there for words between those two? By-and-by he would tell her his story, by-and-by she would listen to it eagerly, but at present he was content to hold her in his arms—she was content to be there, and to know that he was safe. It seemed to them but a very short time before Hilda, with much prelimi- nary humming and ha-ing and shaking of the door-handle, came in. "Mr. Dowling," she began. "There, then—I don't see why I shouldn't call you Clive—you're going to marry my sister, aren't you? Well, Clive, then, mother thinks it's really time you had something to eat, and I may mention that the dinner gong went ten minutes ago, though neither of you appear to have noticed it.'" "What?" "I said the dinner gong," remarked Hilda demurely; "it's so loud that the people on the other side of the gardens consider it a public nuisance but——" "Don't be sarcastic, Dilly," said Lucy. "Well, are you coming to dinner? Clive, are you well enough to come to dinner?" "Yes, of course; I'm a little shaken, that's all." And Hilda marshalled them into the diningroom, where the others were patiently waiting their arrival. Clive apologised. "Never mind, never mind," laughed Thornton. "You may be half an hour late if you make Lucy look like that. She has wandered about like a restless ghost the last four days. It was well she took her mother into her confidence on Monday, or I don't know what we should have thought." "I think we should have known pretty well," smiled her mother, patting her daughter's hand. "But we were very much surprised you didn't come on Monday night." "I thought of that," murmured Clive. "I kept thinking of it all night, but I couldn't help it. I haven't yet thanked you for coming down to the mine for me." "Pooh! pooh! That was the least I could do, if only for my daughter's sake. My wife told me—no secrets between husband and wife, you know—" he laughed and nodded in a way that made both Clive and Lucy blush—" of Lucy's confidence; and we were both astonished when you did not turn up in the evening. Then next morning Hilda, read in the Star that two miners had been buried beneath a fall of earth in the Sultan Pasha, and that there was but little hope of getting them out alive. Of course I told Hilda to hold her tongue, and went down to see who it was. Well—well—well—that was nice news to bring home with me, wasn't it. Don't cry, Lucy"—for two great tears had stolen down Lucy's white cheeks at the very remembrance of it--"don't cry. You've been a brave girl all through--for God knows it is a very hard thing to sit with folded hands and wait." "Yes," said Clive, "yes, I know it is. And," he added, "sir, you are very kind to let a penniless man like me even hope for your daughter." "Well--well--I don't pretend to control my daughters; the ways of women folk were always beyond me. Hilda, do you want any stuffing? More gravy? Now, are you all helped? Very well." He laid down the carving knife and fork and appeared to entirely forget his own dinner. "Now, I have an announcement to make. I was fool enough to agree to this engagement when you were penniless, and buried deep under ground; but things have changed since then. You're quite a well-to-do young man this evening, Dowling. It's a little like a fairy tale, but things came to pass in the ordinary course of nature." "How--what?" "Now don't get excited. You're, not strong enough yet. I concluded you didn't want to be a trucker all your life, so I have just kept my eyes open on your behalf, I heard last Saturday Allender and Young wanted a managing clerk. I wrote, recommending you. They made all inquiries, and now--well, here's the letter--it came this morning--offering you the place if you care to take it." "Take it--of course--I----" "Now--now--now--don't be so impatient; take it, of course; but there's something more. What about 'Star of the North' shares?" "They're not worth----" "The paper they're printed on. Aren't they, though. How many have you?" "Four hundred." "And this morning's Argus quotes them at £15 a share, and still rising-- £6,000. What do you think of that, my lad? Allender and Young will give you a good screw, too." "Why--why--" Clive was dumbfounded before his amazing good fortune, and could find no words to express his thankfulness. "Why--we can be married at once, I suppose." "Oh, is that all you think about, and you haven't been engaged a week? Well, well, you must settle that with Lucy and her mother. You certainly are in a position to please yourself. Why, nobody's having any dinner! Come, there's no need to starve, even if we are in luck. Sell your shares to- morrow, Dowling. Take my advice and sell." Clive took his advice and sold, and repented a week later, when he found they were worth £30; but rejoiced again when they went down with a run, and were worth just nothing at all. Mining was a risky game, he told Lucy, and he vowed he was content with his success, and would never again tempt Providence. But my story is all but done, for Clive is no longer "down in the world." He is managing clerk in Allender and Young's, and intends very soon to start practice on his own account, for, as everybody knows, there is an ex- cellent opening for a barrister in Ballarat. He stuck to his point about an early marriage, and, by dint of much persuasion, managed to get the wedding day fixed for the first week in November. He was off to town next day, and would not be able to see much of her before they were married. "It is strange, Lucy, awfully strange," he said, as they walked up and down a shady path together; "but, then, life is strange. Look at the two of us working there in the mine. Literally one was taken and the other left. Harker was as good a man as I. Ehy should it not have been the other way around? He died close beside me, and--I am here to tell the tale." "I am glad, glad, glad; too thankful for words," and Lucy leaned her dark head against his arm. "Yes, darling; but why? It was so hard on him--so hard." "Ah, dear, how can I tell? Perhaps because I wanted you so." Only a woman's reason, but, as he put his arm round her, he felt she was none the less dear to him. He was none the less dear to her, because she believed so firmly he had been given back in answer to her prayers. A woman's reason--good or bad who shall say? But if it help knit two lives firmly together, who will say it was not a good one? 