MURDER AND MATRIMONY. BOME SIDELIGHTS ON THE STAGE. tlroir timo nctors and actresses play ? J many parte, and, on tlio static, fall in ovo, marry, or murder with an untiring and 'shamoloss persist c-nry. As it would be imposaiblo to say bow many times Mr. Henry Irving, iri tlio parts of Eugene Aram, Mathias, Cardinal Wolsey, and othor of his famous charnctors, lias murdered innocent, and oftimos helpless, folk, ho tlio labour of calculating the occasions oil which Mis? .Ellen Terry has inspired love in hor delight ful creations would beeomo ono of 110 menu magnitude. With regard to Mr. Irving, it would nob bo saying too much if 0110 sur mised that tho part from which tho great actor derives tho greatest artistic pleasure Is that of Mat-bins in The Bells. At any rnto, this is tho caso if tho number of times ?on which Mr. Irving lias acted thin character goes for anything. The theatrical crimes to place against ^Mr. Hare's record cannot bo many. If /their number is small his representation of tho delightful Benjamin Goldfinch in A ?P ir of Spectacles condones many sins — Wen tho dramatic sins of bigamy, murder, nnd theft. Mr. Haro, in fact, is probably 1 tnoro sinned against than sinning himself, 'for the popular actor when he appeared on the stage for tho first timo in a small part 'in A Business Woman at Liverpool in -1865 was so norvous that he was roundly 'hissed by bis audionce. Against Mr. George' Alexander, too, there aro few offences. Liko Mr. Hare, it lias been this clever young actor's fate to die nightly for a considerable length of timo. His suffer ings must havo been intenso. Somo may remember Mr. Alexander's death in La Lutte pour la Vie, in the part of Paul ? Austier, the 'stugforliqucr.' It was sensational in all conscience, with its 'accompaniment of tlio auctioneer's ' Going —going— gone !' Then it is only recently 'Einco Mr. Alexander ceased from dying in Kit Marlowe. As in the caso of Miss Terry, Mr. Irving, and Mr. Hare, tho lessee of the St. James's is cortainly an actor who feels wlint ho speaks. Most nctors and nctresscs— fortunately for thoir audiences— feci what thoy speak. At times, however, tho actor from ono cause or another, falls into a mechanical rendering of his part, which must bo dis tressing alike to his audience and himself. Often enough this is not tho result of caro lessness or inattention on tho part of the player j it may bo caused through ill-health or anxiety. Sometimes the causo may be found in tho present system of long ' runs,' when none but tho best actors nnd actresses retain that delicacy of touch and intuitive appreciation of thoir part, its action nnd 'words, which ensures n success ful representation. Mr. Georgo Giossmith, for instance, in 011 ; of his performances at tho Savoy in Gilbert and Sullivan opera, found that lie had forgotten the words of a song which, at the least, ho had repeated a hundred timos. That the extent to which nn actor feels when he speaks depends' upon his health is the theory adopted by Mr. Arthur Williams, who says ' it nil depends 011 tho sLato of your spirits and liver.' A comedian of some power, Mr. 'Williams regards tho part of Tom Blinker in The Prodigal Daughter as that from which ho has derived the greatest artistic pleasure. It would be impossible to describe him as ' sweet innocence,' for on tho stage Mr. Williams has been in love two hundred times, nnd lias had one hundred nnd fifty wives. Not only has ho rivalled the amorous Mormon, but ho has fifteen times been drowned, fifteon times murdered, and arrested ono hundred times. Whon to these facts is added the information that on tho stago Mr. \yijljams has committed his three-hundredth- theft, ? fiftioth'murdor, and tenth net of bigamy, ono wonders I10 is still nlive to tell tho tale. How ho lias managed to take to himself wives numbering one hundred and fifty, when his known bigamies number but ten, is beyond human comprehension. Mr. Williams regards as tlio most striking events in his theatrical career, n shipwreck off Homo Bay in which I10 was an actor, and a tramp from Dover to London with but twopence in his pockot. This happenod nftor o ' bust ' of the dramatic treasury when ho was earning sixteen shillings a woelc and playing eighteen to twenty characters a week. Mr. Williams lias acted in over d thousand parts. Miss Agnes Hewitt is a clever actress who invariably feels what she spake. Out of some fifty-threo parts in which she has played since 1878, sho has derived the greatest ploasuro in the acting of Louise iti.' the Two Orphan*. Her tears are always ' real ' and not ' artificial.' On tho stage' her marriages number fivo. And this, too, although she lias been murdered 'too often to recollect ' Tho part in whioh sho has not as yob appeared, but which she would most like sto represent, is Lady Teazle, in tho School for Scandal. Tho most striking incidents in her career so far as the stage is concerncd are the inexperi ences of a fire, and having to play Ida Ingot in David Garrick with 11 walking stick, owing to a sprained ankle. Perhaps Miss Hewitt will allow us to say that tlio most interesting incident off tho slago hap pened whon at Brighton, in 18S9, sho saved the life of a child from drowning. The well-known American actor, Joseph Jefferson, began his dramatic career when a boy of 4. Jim Crow in thosodays was as popular as was Lottio Collins in 'Ta-ra-ra ? ' yesterday. Rico, who appeared as Crow, saw the youthful would-be comedian dancing 'Jim Crow' from the garret to the cellar, nnd insisted that lie should appear for tho latter's benefit. Jefferson goes 011 to Bay that ' I was duly blacked up, and drcssod as a complete miniatpro likeness of the original. Ho put 1110 in a bag which almost smothered me, -and carried me upon tho stage on his shoulder. No word of this proceeding had been men tioned in tho bills, and tho audienco were ?as much in tho dark as I was. After dancing nnd singing the first stanza I10 began the second, tho following being tlio two lines which introduced me : — Oh, ladies and gcntlcmon, l'tl havo you for to know That I've got a littlo darkio here that jumps Jim Crow ; and, turning the bag upside down, ho emptied mo out head first before tho eyes of tho astonished audicnco. Rico was'vory tall. I was bub 4 years old, and as wo stood there tho audience roared with laughter. Rico and I now sung alternate' stanzas, and tho excitement increased.' Jefferson well regards this littlo incident as not the least exciting in his interesting career. Iii his timo Mr. Austin Mclford, long tho asBociato of Mr. Wilson Barrett, has played some ono hundred and fifty different parts. But on the stage during tho period covered by tho acting ot theso characters, he lins been in lovo but seldom, but has made up for that slight deficiency — important any where elso but in. a theatre— by souio Beventy times living a married life. This is, perhaps, bad enough, but ' worse remains behind.' Ho has been killed hundreds of times, as ho was murdorcd every night for oighteon months in The World molodrama. Ho informs us that tho parts ho plays usually call for little ' pleasantries ' such as theft, inurdor, nnd bigamy, but ho has committed loo many crimes of a like naturo to bo able to Enumerate thorn. Tho most striking incident in his career happened nt tho Grand Theatro, Leeds, when I10 fell soino fourteen feet, pitching upon his head. Tho Bart ho would most like to represent is 'an'l Poggotty, in David Copper field, and he lias derivod tho greatest plensuro when acting in tho part of Polonius to Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlot. To lovers of black and white drawings, Mr. J. Nutcombo Gould is ' J. Bernard Partridge;' to lovers of tho drama, Mr. Bernard I'nrtiidgo is ' J. Nutcombo Gould.' Perhaps this will account, for tlio number of theatrical love matches of which he boa beou tho lwo tottulliry; up to two uudre'd, whilo the mairiages barely num ?or one'; hundred ! As 011 the hinge (Mr. imild underlines tho words himself) this clover actor-artist lias never committed bigamy, tho uso of his two names must be a curious and interesting ono for oven n Sherlock Holmes to unravel. Tho mosi striking incident in Mr. Nutcombo Gould's ilientricnl career occurred 'onco when, ilono nnd unaided, I recited a piny of Shakespeare's, and nt the close found only two-thirds of the audicnco asleep.' I To pluy nn elder sister to your own inotlior is nn oxpericnce which raroly hap pens to the most hardened actrcss, but Miss Clara Jeeks— of Adclphi famo— num- bers this among her many characters. Out of some '200 parts, Miss .leeks has been married so often ' that sho is qui to j unable to reckon up her husbands. Tho I chnrnctor sho would most liko to play is that of Jack Shepherd in tho drama of that name ; tho part from which sho has so far derived tho most pleasuro being tlint of Bebo in L'Arhqmeime, with Bizet's music. Mr. John Trcsahar is to be commiserated with, for out of M.'i parts— in a hundred of which ho has been in lovo— lie has novor yet found a wife. The part I10 has most liked, so far, is that of Joseph Surfaco, and ho considers that all actors fcol what thoy speak. Liko Mr. Tresahnr, Mr. Clarcnce Blackiston has derived the greatest pleasure from the acting of Joseph Surface, but would liko to play lluy Bias. Ho has played in ICO parts, and whon starting his dramatic career seemed to do nothing but thieve, inurdor, and commit bigamy. Naturally, he lias been arrested times innumerable. Richard III. is Mr. Sidney Ilarcourt's choice of a part which he has not yet actcd, whilo Mr. Charles Dalton would liko to play Vir ginius. Whilo playing in sixty. four parts Mr. Dalton liasueen in lovo 1,130 times; his wives number ninety-two. Ho has been murdered RQ8 times, and arrested 240 times. To his credit are eighty-two murders, for, so far, ho has murdered some 290 poor folk. On tho other hand, Mr. J. Pitt Hardacro has committed murder and been arrested somo 500 times. But, after all, the balance is in his favour, for lie line committed theft 400 times and bigamy 200. Of acted parts, John Saxton, in Note- ? days, is his favourite ; of unacted, John Pcrryhugh, in The Cricket on the Hearth. Hamlet, Mr. Frank Lindo would most like to represent. The part from which, so far, I10 has derived the greatost pleasuro being that of Oswald Alving in Ghost 1. — The .Million. 