The state of indignation in which the residents of Gormandale met on Tuesday last to speak their minds concerning the Legislative Council may lmvo been a little overdone in consequence of the local feeling which resents tho loss of a railway line ; hut it will bo difficult to find any con siderable section in the colony who have not solid causo to resent tho conduct of tho Legislative Council dnring tho past session. From some motive not quite apparent, tho Upper Chamber has of late developed an aggressive spirit that is nothing short of revolutionary. At tho same time all of its tendencies havo beon of such an ultra-Conservative character as would make tho ghosts of Dr. Hearn and Sir Charles Sladcn stand in wido-eyed wonder if those respectable wraiths were to "revisit " tho glimpses of tho moon," or venture within the scintillations of the chandelier in thoir old legislative haunts. The recent contentions put forward by tho Council, to lmvo a legislative finger in money pies, surpassed anything which was ever ad vanced in tho earlier controversies on the same subject. Mr. Gillies said of it — "Thero novor boforo was such a claim " made by tho Council as that which has " struck two money clauses out of this " Stamps Bill." Mr. Shiels said — "It means " a serious encroachment on the rights of " this Houso." Sir Henry Wrixon added — " I have never seen anything so clear as " the Council's violation of the law " 111 regard to this Bill." Mr. Deakin emphasised all three in the following ffthliLin— u "Mftvor "hofrtrn In f.L " range of their boldest dreams, have tho " Council gone to the lengths which they " have done iu their dealings with this Bill. " This marks a distinct stage of advance. " Tlie alterations are so gross and so glaring " that it is a virtual claim to deal with all " money Bills." Of course this lawless and revolutionary conduct on the part of tho Council was not without an object. To do the Council justice, that body lias generally a pretty accurate notion of what it is about. The Stamps Bill was a Government measure which aimed at assisting to fill up the hiatus in the revenue. It affected directly some of the constituents of the Coun cil, and if thero is ono thing which more than another the Victorian Upper Chamber lias always resented, it lias been any adjustment of the incidence of taxation which tended to properly proportion the burdens of the State to the wealthy and tho poor. Mr. Service nnd Sir Frederick Sargood woro not prepared to take tho onus of throwing out tho Stamps Bill neck and heels, and they sought to defeat it by a bold amend ment, anil to escape under the cover of a constitutional einbroglio. They failed, principally because the attack was so palpably illegal that no lawyer could he found to defend it ; and no citizen outside tlieir own little coterie had any other comments on it than condemnation. Whether or not it sprung from a feeling of soreness at their undignified collapse over this assault on the Constitution of the colony, is not a matter of much moment, hut the fact is that ever since that time, under tho same mischievous guidance, the Council has been engaged in mangling and emasculating the legislation of the Assem bly. There has been constantly at work a diseased activity, which seemed to delight in taking measures as they came up from the Lower Chamber, passing their second reading, and then trans forming them into their exact opposites, as a marmoset tears a toy to tatters, and turns it inside out. We have a lively recollection of what happened in this way to the Village Settle ments Bill. When that measurA in tho V- oarly days of tho session, was submitted to tho Assembly, all sides of tho House con- i currcil in saying that Mr. M'Lcan had pro duced a Bill oxaotly lit toil to tho oxtrcmo needs of the colony, and that it wnB 0110 of nhsoiuto urgency in tho distrosBcd con dition of tho labor markot. Tho friomls of the Govornmont wero delighted. Thoir foes applauded. Etch tlio ranks of Tuscany conhl ncarco forboar n clieor. But when this piece of legislation got into tho Counoil what hocamo of it? First of all, it was ripped upon and its heart lakou out. This was tho provision which enabled II10 Government, by menus of cer tain purchasing powers, to form villages in tho contrcs of agricultural population. Out came litis kernel of the Bill, and into the vacancy was pressed the stuffing of an cntiroly now measure, concocted by Sir Frederick Sargood. ' Tho Assembly, in ordor to savo the remnant of a good hill, accepted tho emasculations of tho Council, hut refused to permit an interference with a money clauso of the Bill, and rathor than givo up tiiis now attempt to snatch at the power of the purse, the Council rojoctod tlia whole Bill. From tho outset of its dealings with this measure tho Uppor Chnmbor exhibited a spirit of ontiro callousness to tli# sufferings of the unemployed populuco, nnd of enro- lessnoss as to providing a remedy for the Stato's requirements. The Municipal Rating Bill is another instanco in which tho Council showed its disposition to run couutor to popular wishes nnd populur interests in order to serve a class, and that 0110 of tho most undeserving classes in tho land, Tho munioipnl bodies woro absolutely unani mous in thoir demand for nn extension of their rating powers from 3 to 5 per cent, on tho annual valuations. Tho Council was willing to grant this so far as houso proporty was concorncd ; hut a desperate attempt was mndo to onahlo all land boomers to escape with tho lower tax, while improving owners were to pay to mako up for tho speculators. Tho attempt of tho Council with respect to this Bill was an act as unpatriotic and selfish as it was aggressive. Its dealing with Mr. Wynne's Companies Bill is another notablo instance of its reactionary conduot. What it did in tho last days of tho session kept up its record for obstruction. Of tho fivo Government Railway Bills— all small lines, the merits of which havo been fully inquired into nnd approved by tho Stand ing Committoo and several successive Governments — -two wero unceremoniously thrown ont on tho more unsupported state ments of a member. Tho loss of tlieso linos, wliilo it cripples tho power of the Government in relieving tho distress of tho coming wintor, compels tho Govern ment moneys to remain still longer locked up at a time when the expenditure of ovory thousand pounds is a distinct national benefit. Tho Malice Settlement Bill was also a Government measure, thought out care fully and framed to settle a largo tract of country. But tho same malign spirit of mischief entered into this Bill as into the others which have been mentioned, and having metamorphosed it into an enact ment- for serving a special class of squat- tors, Bout it hack to the Assembly, with an intimation to take it or leave it. TI10 Lower House, whatever its faults, is not prepared to wantonly barter away the public heritage for a mess of pottago, nnd tlio Bill was restored and returned. But tho Council had mndo tip its mind to do as it liked, and it did so. This measure also is lost through tho action of a Chamber that is bout on serving and conserving class interests only. If anybody fools inclined to doubt the accu racy of this latter statement, wo would point to the treatment meted out to tho Ahsantco Tax Bill. This is a measure which public opinion lias for years demanded in some shape or other, but tho difficulties about it hod up to last year prevented its getting into tho realm of practical politics. However, tho supreme need of tlio colony in this junc ture for all legitimate sources of revenue called forth tho Bill, and the Assembly passed it. Tlio Council never so much as dealt with it in any form ; hut placed it on the notice paper only to ignore it. Thus it comes about that, a part of the financial policy of the Lowor House having been pushed into tho waste paper basket of tho Council, tho latter is responsible to that extent for tlio dimensions of the deficit. There is in this conduct an aspect which renders it littlo short of scandalous and entirely unpa triotic. At a time of stress and groat need, whon it is tho duty of all classes to make sacrifices, the Upper Houso has suppressed taxation iu order to savo their own pockets and those of their class ; and in addition to this the same body has fol lowed a reckless nnd even revolutionary policy in sedking to amend tho Constitu tion, and grasp the money power by au infraction of tho law. At one and tho samo time, therefore, the Chamber lias shown itself moBt unfit to exorcise finanoial functions, and most greedy for the power to do so. The statement of the Vienna correspondent of tho London Standard that Russia has perfected plans for the landing of 10,000 troops at Constantinople at any time at which it may ho desirable to do so "J siivuiio iiuuouiuu AlllSttUb in possession of Constantinople means a perpetual menace to the routo from Europe to India and Australia. Once established thero with froe access through the Darda nelles there would bo nothing to hinder tlio Russian fast cruisers pouncing down upon English vessels entering tho Suez Canal, destroying the carrying trado of Great Britain and cutting off lier communica tion with her colonies in the East. People argue that now that the Canadian Pacific railway is finished, England will always possoss a trade route to the East through her own territory regard less of the Suez Canal, hut wo fancy fow Australians would he con tent with such an outlook. Thoro is, of course, tho alternative routo round the Cape of Good Hope, and we may lmvo to return to tho condition of affairs existing before Lesseps pierced the isthmus — by no means an unlikely contingency should Russia once gain possession of the Turkish capital, the great object of her ambition ever since tho days of Cattierino II. If it he true that Russia is now ready to attack Constantinople, what is there to prevent her seizing it at any time ? Certainly not the Turkish fleet. For years her ironclads havo been rotting in harbor without being armed. Her war ships are now completely obsolete, and have not left the Golden Horn for fifteen years. It is generally believed that the present Sultan lias n prejudice against tlio fleet on account of tlio active part it took in tho deposition of Abdul Assiz, when the ironclads wore anchored in front of the palace, and were rendy to fire into it if thero had been need. Whatover he tlio reason for its decadence the Porto eould make 110 resistance to a Russian fleet. Nor could England offer any help ; for long before her licet could arrive in the Bos- pliorus Russia would ho in possession of tlio coveted city, and its approaches ho covered by her fleet. It is the knowledge of this impossibility of defending Constantinople against such an attack that makes the threatened invasion by Russia, as outlined by the Standard, so important at tho pre sent moment. The opening of tho Suez Canal changed tlio whole geographical importance of European countries. Prior to tho rounding of tlio Capo of Good IIopo by Vasco da Gama tho trado routo from the East lay through tho countries bordoring on the Mediterranean. "With tlio discovery of tho Capo anil the dcclino of tho maritime power of Spain London became the noareat first rnto port to tho East. Through tho energy of hor citizens, hor natural advantages and the strength of the English (loot, she long hold hor aneoiuloncy. But tlio completion of tho Suez Canal took back trado to tho old routo of tho days before Vasco da Gnma. Constantinople, Tricsto and MarsoilloB are now much nearer to tho East than London, and British cmniiierco now dopends upon tlio trado routo to tho East being kept open by tho British (loot. But tlio moment Constantinople falls into tlio hands of a Power with a lleot, and ono anxious to cxtond its commorce, tho supremacy of England in tlio East must receive a sovoro shook, if not a death blow. It is a full appreciation of tlieso disagreeable contingoncios which makes many far sighted Englishmen favor tho immediate occupation of Constanti nople by an English force lest they may he anticipated. England's greatnoss ulti mately depends upon tlio possession of tlio carrying trado of tho world and upon hor colonies ; and once cithpr of these things is threatened, she may lose her placo among tho groat Powers. Even with the Sul tan in Constantinople England is scarcely hoMing her own in th" BsHren P-uln.,,!', and Asia Minor. Austria and Germany aro making largo bids for the trado of theso districts. Tlio agones of Gorman firms are activo in Bulgaria and Sorvia, and aro making thomselves acquainted with tha wants of tho people, a policy dis- dainoil by English morchants. The railways to Constantinople and Sa lomon lmvo boon constructed by Gor man capitalists, anil the projected lines in Asia Minor arc not tlio work of English enterprise. Fortnnatoly, however, for Eugland, Gorman and Austrian interests aro against any supremacy of Russia, and it is likoly that the Triple Alliance would favor any step taken by England to prevent tlio soizuro of Constantinople by tlio Czar. At the present moment England's interests aro doubly threatened by Russia. Hor Empire in India limy at any timo lie plnced in joopardy by a Russian advance upon Herat. Hor trado and military routo to tho East is in danger from Russian designs upon Constantinople. For the last hundred years British statesmen have been more or less alivo to these dangers, nnd have supported tlio Ottoman Empire as a bufi'or against Russian nggrcssion. But tho Ottomau Empire no longer exists in its integrity. England herself is in possession of Cyprus, and is virtually mistress of Egypt ; Russia has ubtnincd a largo slice of 'Turkish proporty in Asia Minor ; Franco hns practical possession of Tunis ; Austria has taken Bosnin and Herzegovina; Greece lias had a share of Epirus and Thessnly, and Bulgaria, lloumelia and Servia aro no longor integral portions of tho empire. The time seems to ho approaching whon the unspoakuble Turk must cloar out of Enropo ; and tho question of paramount importanco is, Who shall he his successor in Constantinople? It is natural that Russia should consider herself the truo lioir. No ilouht it must lie irksomo to a Groat Powor with maritime aspirations to he confined to hor Baltic ports, which are closed during many months of tlio year, and without any exit from tlio Black Sea to hor possessions in Eastern Asia. Even Riissopliohists must feel some sympathy with licr natural aspirations for nn' outlet to tlio -Mediterranean. But Constantinople in Russian hands might soon become a formidable rival for the trade of the Ea3t with London horself, nnd wo have seen that a Russian fleet in the Goldon Horn would he a porpotual menace to theBritish trade route totheEast. The proposition has often been made tlutt a confederation of the Balkan States should he established, hut unfortunately for the perpetuity of such an arrangement the intrigues of Russia in Bulgaria and Roumania show ,us how little reliance could bo placed upon its neutrality in case of war. It lias also been suggested that Greece or Austria might ho aliowod to take Constantinople. The former, however, would ho ton feoblo to resist Russia, nnd tlio latter is weak through her internal troubles, and has enough discordant olenients at work within her present torritory with out adding to thorn. If then, Turkoy is sure to disappear from tho map of Europe, and no noutral Power of sufficient strength can he placed thoro to prevent a Russian occu pation, and if such an occupa tion means danger to the interests of Great Britain and her colonics, tho only logical solution would seem to ho that England should occupy Constantinople herself. Such a lino of conduct would ho open to objections. It would scarcely find favor with a Government that was only prevented from scuttling from Egypt and Uganda by tho determination of ono of its members. The peace party would oppose it on theoretical grounds. More practical men would doubt the possibility of seizing Constantinople and, in tho event of onco having possession, keep ing that possession against all comers. On tlio other hand it mn.v Tin «nid T.lmt there would he no difficulty in Englnnd sending up a fleet, as was done in 1877, and landing a force in the Golden Horn. Once in possession three sides of the town would ho protected by the lloet, and a line of forts thrown up across the fourth would quickly mako it impregnable. There is a general consensus of opinion that Russia could seizo and hold the Turkish capital, and onco this is conceded it is difficult to see why England, with her powerful iioct, could not perform tho same feat. If the statement of the Standard's correspondent is true, tlio timo is fast approaching when English states men will have to make up their minds and decide whether tho road to India and Australia is to ho jeopardised, or whether she will incur the much talked of " moral guilt " of going to Constanti nople herself. It is fortunato at tlio pre sent juncture of affairs that if England was to determine upon tlio occupation of Constantinople, she would probably have the tacit approval, if not tho active sup port, of the Triple Alliance, for both Ger many and Austria aro notoriously alarmed at tho recent aggressive policy of Russia upon their frontiers. 