BRIC-A-BRAC. The policeman on duty at Victoria Square was surprised to find a gentleman not unconnected with the law sprinkling the Supreme Court with water, the while he chanted opprobrious words to an invisible enemy. "Now then!" cried the guardian of the peace, "Wot are you a doin'V " Chris'ning Court, Robert—Chris'ning Court. Syinons getsh own way s'much goin' call it Josh House in future!" * * * "Enquirer," Orroroo, who wants to settle a wager, writes:—"A person pointing to a photo said—' Brothers and sisters have I none, yet that man's father was my father's son.' What relation is the speaker to the person represented by the photo T The father. * * * Here is a mean man yarn. He received from an artisan who was pretty hard up an account for, let us say, £5 15s., and he wrote back to say that there would be an immediate settlement provided the 15s. were knocked off the bill; otherwise tbe man would have to wait for six months. Of course the reduction was accepted. The same gentleman (?) knocked off 3d. as discount from the wages of the artisan, but the creditor informed him that as there was some change, over he should take that amount—about 3s. lid., and make it even money, a chance that was eagerly jumped at. * * The Lynch Family of Bellringers have a gag they work in on unsuspecting newspapers where ever they go. It is the story of an aged couple who have walked eight miles to hear the bellringers once more before they die, and who stand up in the audience with tears running down their cheeks, crying out, " Oh, play them again. Do play them again." The Lynches are in New Zealand, and they are saying that the worthy pair hail from Gawler. Will the lachrymose parties, if alive, kindly call at Quiz office for the usual putty medal ? * * * Two men prior to the civic elections discussed the candidates for the City Mayoralty, and came to $he conclusion that Willcox was the candidate to support. Some little time after one of them ascertained that the other was barracking for Robertson, and he determined to discover the meaning of the change. He therefore led his friend aside, and in a mysterious manner suggested that perhaps after all it would be better if they were to give Robertson a show. This was on the day of election, and the proposition was eagerly assented to. Thereupon No. 1 proceeded to jump on No. 2 for his perfidy, and there was some lurid language for the space of a few seconds. " Well," at last said the man who had been subjected to this verbal discharge of artillery, " I don't know why you should be so angry. 1 voted for Robert son in one ward and for Willcox in another !" * * * The Albu sisters appear to be having al bad luck in New Zealand as they experienced in South Australia. At Palmerston North business was very mach off, and after a performance the local hotelkeeper stuck up their manager and said,. " Schiminy! but this was hardt lines I Nefer mind. Dose girls was Yeddishers, aindt itV The manager nodded. "Well, you shust tell them to scheer up! My wife shall cook them a bit of fish in their stbyle. There!" It is to be hoped that the kind old fellow's fish did .fill an aching, void and that the sisters afterwards sang him a few Hebrew hymns. One of tbe jokes of the recent municipal elec tions was the presence in North Adelaide of a sheep which wandered through the streets having attached to its body the legend, " Tucker made me plump." v?1 litf My first is what y6a d&0ja do When once outdde^hiari|^rden gate. As something dawns upon yonr view, A something of iinportance great. You've often you say You'll giv^|bes£ii3|ther day. My second j||pne hill%||o%£eek, rour sw€§iteil&t; by your side t, in acc|^|.l^pk You as|||er, " Wil^^^. b(^^ bride V My tc^oZe^Bricketer|^^l find^€) A man^tio's poj^^ife^Sibh all. 4 If there ^|l%;oihsis-^^^ind ■; 'i. MlSS- ; Tfae nobll gam^ ^buld iaaore enthrall. You use his ev(it^ day,; Though quit# inanuncohscious way. Answer to No. 2^^&ifiDbell.; V& *' * A correspondent wptes:—" I - me Quiz has been sneering at ghoit stories, buttibere are more i-.vm things in heaven ajpff earth tbai|j|lre dreamt of in his philosophy. / i||t my exper|b|ice be told. I am a total abstaini#, and I ha$$|scarcely ha<| a day's illness in my ^yph'ee ago a very dear friend of minb^ sailed for InH. He was in 'St-* " \ - the best of health aim expected to return to South Australia in three months. Teii days after his departure I was awakened from sl^pi^l^ibeling which can better be imagined than described. It was a creepiness which extended all the way down the spine. I felt that there was something in the room besides my wife, but at first I could distinguish nothing. Gradually a form seemed to unfold itself (I can think of no better description), and to my horror I recognised my friend who had so recently left us. I stared unable to speak, and then the vision, whatever it was, suddenly disappeared, melted away in fact. I was going to awaken my wife when I saw that her eyes were wide open, and to my astonishment, she said, 1 Did you see it ? That was Charlie.' I pulled out my watch and noted the time. In less than a month we ascertained that our friend had fallen overboard at sea at an hour precisely corresponding with his appearance to us, and had been drowned. This may be merely one of those coincidences of which we all prate so much, but it is at least singular that both my wife and myself should have received such a peculiar impression. I am not wedded to the ghost theory, but until some feasible explanation of that vision comes to hand neither my wife nor myself will believe other than that we were visited by Charlie's spectre." The above is certainly interesting. Have any of Quiz's readers had similar experiences. They are telling a story of a gay and festive bridegroom in one of the suburbs. He had been spending his last night as a bachelor in a highly convivial fashion, and the morning's reflections convinced him that it was necessary to consult the whisky bottle before he and his beloved were made one. The result was that when he stood before the parson he was in a decidedly elevated condition, but as he preserved a stupendously grave demeanor nothing was noticed, although the parson coughed and smacked his lips when the aroma of old Scotch assailed his nostrils. At the question, " Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife 1" the bridegroom chirruped out, " My colonial," and seemed about to embrace the minister. In fishing out the ring, an operation in which the best man assisted, a whisky flask, a pipe, and a plug of tobacco dropped at his feet, but the climax was reached when at the end of the ceremony the newly made Benedict lurched forward, and addressing the congregation said, " And now, my friends, come and have a booze at my expense." If the man who told Quiz this yarn were not a most veracious individual the incident would have gone unreported. (( - " Dick " Whittington, the well-known Treasurer of the Theatre Royal, and one of the oldest theatrical agents in Australia, relates one of his adventures in the sixties. He was representing Rob Barlow, more generally known as Billy Barlow, and arrived late on Saturday afternoon at Kilmore, Victoria, putting up at the Red Lion Hotel, a well-known resort of the theatrical pro fession. While he was having a friendly nip he learnt that there was another Richmond in the held, and he espied this individual—a perfect dandy, with plenty of collar and cuff—enjoying a cigar. Dick immediately went in search of the local bill- poster, a decrepid old man, who was a sort of Jack of all trades. When asked to set to work to bill the town the old party grumbled, and said there would be plenty of time on Monday morning. But Dick was determined. and over came all obstacles. He procured some flour and made a bucket of paste, and in two hours all the hoardings were smothered with Billy Barlow's paper. Thus there was bound to be a big Sunday show, an important thing for an advance agent, and Dick chuckled and smacked his hands as he returned to the hotel. Here be was introduced to his rival, who expressed his pleasure at meeting Whittington, but who added, "I guess I've taken the wind out of your sails, old boy. I represent the great American Wizard, and I have engaged all the hoardings, and start to work on Monday morning." Dick pretended that this was a great blow to him, but kept quiet as to what he had done. Next morning his antagonist was dumbfounded to And that Billie Barlow had got ahead of him, and as theatrical courtesy prevented him from covering the bills he wisely made tracks and postponed his visit to Kilmore. Says Dick— " I am not so nimble now, but in those days, I can tell you, it would take a good man to outwit me in the agency line. Even now I can bill a tpwn and know how to put up a good stand." * * Here is an original child story. The principal character is a little girl setat 5. * Paterfamilias had announced his intention to take her brother, aged 6, to a cricket match, and Missy was anxious to go too. " Oh, no," said mamma; " little girls do not go to cricket matches. They stay at homo with their mothers." Nothing further transpired until bedtime, and then Dot as she knelt by her bed offered up the following prayer—"Please, God, make me a little boy before to-morrow, so that I can go to the cricket match." 