"THE UNSEEN WORLD." A SOCIETY FOR PHYCHICAL RESEARCH Inaugural Meeting The inaugural meeting of the Victorian Society for Physical Research was held on Tuesday evening at the College of Pharmacy Swanston-street, and was attended by A con- siderable audience, which included many ladies. Professor Laurie, who presided, read the constitution which had been drawn up, and which provided shortly that spiritualism, mesmerism, hypnotism, telepathy, clair- voyance, the appearance of disembodied spirits, and all kindred phenomena would be investigated by the soeiety, and that the fee tor membership would be 10s.6d. annually. The professor Intimated that the desire to participate creasing daily in oooult among manifestations tho inassos was of in- the people, that the and impostors that it was end highly oharlatans desirable had hitherto made a good thing out who of the oitement popular should thirst bo tor superseded. supernatural Tho «x- new would soolety, countenance it was no " vaguely spooks" hinted, oould not stand the application of striotly whioh soientiUo oeive for membership tests, and would tho determined be hapny sooptlo to re- AS the well anomalous as the person whole-hearted who desorlbos believer, himself ami as open to oonviotion. Perhaps the most present was example fir. Jamieson, of determined tho oity saoptlolsm health olHoer, that irregular who bluntly phenomena declared wore his mainly oonviotion to hallucination. With his speotaoles duo on his during nose, the and progress an amused ot the smile disoassion, on his lips he looked spirit, and the personification tho most importunate ot the phantom solontillo might testimonial well ot despair credibility ot over in thst obtaining quarter. a Dr. inquirer G. A. with Byrne an aunounoed unbiassed mind, himself and as declared an the alleged that ho phenomena wai ready that to examine oould be any produced. of table-turninn As lor and tho spirit-rapping peoplo whoso oould belief not in be they shaken were present by any apparently arguments by dosens, whatsoever, as tlte elastic constitution of the.society provides and terenoe, for csoterio the investigation Buddhism, of tho thought-trans- Madame Blavatsky, mystiolsm, dootrines tho use of of the the dlvlning-rod, black art generally and maglo down neoromanoy to Pappor'a and ghost that representatives and spring-boolea ot oeoh Jeok, of it is them probable cults were in Attendance with Br. Jamieson and to etlentl^y !br oommlserate the spi conversion remarked that ot Br. the Byrne! oounoil JvhonMr. ot the ft soolety I lory ought, sist to a it large it is ever extent to ot do eoeptlos, any good, or, to at con- rate, ot persons with unbiassed minds, any supernatural!xts arose and objeoted. Unless tho the to learn members trom of those tho who oounoil had would beoome be familUr content with result apparitions oould possibly and iheir be achieved. ways no praotioal quirer wished to know whether the One sooiety in- Intended existence to ot go the into soul, the and question of the After admitting that he had practised table-turning in bis youth, and drawing attention to ihe hlstorioal fact thAt Dr. Johnson believed in the Oook- Un« ghost, sadly oontessed that he was still an Agnosuo. Another oontributor to the discussion thought it Absurd that inquirers should Approach the examination ot obscure phenomena without firet collating at least a portion ot the vast body ot literature whioh Already exists on the eubjeot. None ot the committee appeared overjoyed at the nrospeot ot reading up a course of etudy ranging from the wriUnge ot PerAoelsus to the marvellous history ot Jack and the Beanstalk, and the suggestion WAS received with marked coolness. Perhape the real ptActieal scope ot the eooiety was best indicated by a gentlean, who laid," When A spi ritualist oomes Song And eays, > I oan oall spirits front the \- »^ ,<)0 ft,' And when A tome Appear wo ahati investigate them, AM alto the conditions under which they are produced," Ths following gentlemen were elected as members ot ths first oounoil ot the Moiety, Hunt names \--1«W» tor muo' i 4rtw< Aoun't fttttuiM to great d«> 