The Doctor's Step-daughters By C. Stafford, CHAPTEE II.- (CONTINUED.) The rain was beating also on the window of the consulting-room, making Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for a moment. The doctor, -with his hands clasped behind, and swaying from heel to toe, and from toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, observing, didactically, as he looked up at his friend, "My dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, but she is nothing else yet, in spite of her twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she lias a consumptive tendency. I am by aio means sure about her chest, and you llon'fe want a sickly wife—you've had your share of nursing with- your mother. Look' at the matter with a ciear bead, Clinton. She's a nice girl,but she's ;not the safest investment possible as a wife." Whatever sort of head Clinton faced iihe affair with, he said nothing: he was iiot a man, at any time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall man, with a deep, pleasant voice, who did not find joo much space in the small room for Lis large, easy way of moving. He half let drop and then caught again a stick lie carried, made a sign in the direction of the upper part of the house, and Rsked, " Will she be at the Lavingtons' to-night ? " The doctor expressed himself incompetent to give a reliable answer. " All right," said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. " You won't come up, and—IIULU—face out ? " said the doctor. s "No," said Clinton, shortly, as he carried himself out. " Ta-ta, Morris ; t t f p i lad you've crossed the Rubicon with er, on your own account. Bad ten minutes, eh ? " The doctor gave an indescribable Bound in reply, Clinton passed out into the street, and the doctor turned, into his own premises again. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of a beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, and saw four girls at the window above also looking up at it. His dark eyes instantly singled out one face in the group. As if by some electric influence t Tina lowered her eyes at that moment, t and met the glance, a flash of regretful r meaning in it, managing to make itself wtm understood by her. Clinton raised his hat and passed on. Tina turned rosy red. .p l wiii s f o Frances put her lips close to Tina's eai', whispering, " You do care for him." Tina shook her head and turned away. " I want a cup of tea—tea, not tannin, you know; it mustn't stand more than two minutes. I went into the drawingroom, but fonnd no one there." It was the doctor who was speaking, coming in emiling and dapper. Whatever was his anger when he left Tina, there were no signs of it now, as he perched himself on a sealing-wax red milking-stool in the neighbourhood of a stand on which was cake, &c.;, * and began to help himself. There was a pretty littlescuffleamongst the girls,all wanting to serve him at once. "Light the lamp under the kettle. Where's the teapot? Susan brought lip the blue one with the tea ready in it." The doctor sat serene, in the middle of the melee. Tina was the only. girl who did nothing, though the doctor •nodded to her in an exasperatingly friendly manner. The commotion had raised Jack's spirits to such an extent that straightway, if anybody else's voice was to be heard, it was necessary that Jack should be submitted to the discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of public benevolence. "Are you going with me to the Lavingtons' to- night, or have I to carry your excuses ?" asked the doctor, looking across at her again. "How can I?" she asked, looking shyly round, " like this ? " Tina's habit of violent ciying, when the world was not going well, with its ; subsequent result of change in her appearance, was well known in the household. The doctor looked at her critically, but chose to view the case favourably, and as no emergency was ever known in which he did not suggest something, he now said, " Possibly a little rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious powdering might " He did hot" finish, but raised his eyebrows in goodnatured, silent questioning as to» what she thought of his recipe. •'I should, perhaps, begin crying \in if I went." ipjj ere was a chorus of impatient Ob's ! " from the others. The doctor elt fro/n something in the air, that he 8 as' not, 8 he put it, " going to have ny trouble the rest;" and,perhaps, n proportion experienced all the more nnoyance wi'th the member of his *>mily who was neither entertained by, jor at present entertaining to, anybody." Then I will certai'nly take care you re not my fellow-guest," he said, sharply, in a tone w hich brought a reminiscence of the scenS downstairs. Tina was tired and unne wed. In the our which had elapsed betveen the unexpected conversation in which she had eard that Edmund Clinton proposed to marry her, and that her step-father proposed to marry the one girl in the whole town with whom she was on strained relations (above all things, so. it please you, over some dispute in conection with a long-past church bazaar), 6he had cricd bitterly—so bitterly that she was perfectly exhausted. Frances, who had been out shopping,had happened to come to Tina's room, and had found her there actively employed in making herself ill—and a fright. Frances, after having had the whole story sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea;. The doctor, unfortunately, had come before the cure was complete, Tina broke down again, clasping her email hands tragically, and turning her streaming face towards him, she asked wildly, " What am I to do ? " The doctor had, as has been observed, a temper somewhere, though St came surprisingly little to the surface. It now launched itself before the public for the second time that day. He took hold of the scarlet legs of the milking-stool as he sat on it, leaning well forward, with his tea-cup, by its own unaided exertions, maintaining a not very secure balance at the end ^f one knee, while he slowly dropped out fcb.ese words, with a distinctness which seemed to add to their semi-brutality : That is your affair. You say you are •old enough to decide what you won't do, therefore you are old egogglj, I jjhould argne, to make up your mind it* regard to what ~ you will do. Put an advertisement in some paper for a post as governess-that is what I should advise. Some position in some household will turn up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. The doctor's quick ears caught live several gasps, and he himself brought his speech to a close with a sixth To say the least of it, any apartment in his house would, at that moment, have been a more agreeable spot to him than the one he was now in. Out of the tail of his eye he saw the four girls he was not immediately addressing interchange a sort of " Can I believe my ears ?" glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to whom he had spoken. If that gimcrack stool under him could at a thought have been turned into a witch's broomstick, the chimney would certainly have been in request as an outlet for an injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by F ranees s turning her head round and observing, in a loud whisper: " We .none of us are liking it; but if you will Jet us tje, we shall all come round. We will all try to db "right."' " She's not tiying to do right," said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice. " Herbertina has shown a miserable amount of lit " " Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to ' end with, but Frances startled- hits 1 from finishing it by a' shrill " Give over 3" finishing her command by, "and fcfe pleasant." The doctor was tickled—so much so, that he involuntarily obeyed by throwing his head back with a hearty laugh— i laugh in which his ears told him five iistinct giggles joined. fO'ne even from the cause of the disturbance, who, 3wing to the other girls stepping back, was revealed with a rather damp hand- Kerchief held to her eye3, while tie mouth beneath had a three-cornered of fun. " I say, Chinee,"—the doctor changed he subject—" what a smell of paint here is in this room. You've been what ou call * Aspinalling ' something gain." .. ... y . , "It is only this," returned that "young ady, apologetical|y,exhibitirig axCivoryliite paper-basket, not Syet -dry-' from ts last coat of Aspinall's enameL " I m going to put a rose- coloured silk bag n it, with ivory-white and ro;e-colour trings to draw up, and it will be lovely or the bazaar for the new mission-room n Carrington Bridge." . Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just hen a safe topic j and, a^ it.occured to he;-doctor that 'hfe m\gh£ i»(irha®s,.now etire gracefully withWit'the aidrof the isbed-for broomstick, he emptied his ea-cup, looked at his watch, and rearked : " I have to call on another atient before my dinner- party. What do you say to driving with me, Chinee, ildlady?" CHAPTER III.—WANTED, A SITUATION. By the time that the doctor started for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, was commencing operations in connection with advertising ior a situation as a governess: gThe girls h^d betaken themselves'to 11 the draWmg-room, l>y this time, and when the doctor looked in there to say, jauntily, that he was " going," it struck Frances that he was carrying out Iter instructions to be pleasant with gpajiifcil ^-thoroughness. Tina was seated •'at *'af quaint • inlaid writing - table, which, somehow, in its severe daintiness of line, seemed to resemble herself. From the gal-den, after thp summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of -mignonette, honeysuckle, and the strong spiced scent of early-blooming tobacco-plants, which Mr. Hanson, the doctor's young assistant, had " gone in for " in a bed immediately beneath the ojpen. drawing-room, window. / 4 ; i ? When the carriage-wheels of the exasperatingly smiling doctor had trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina began in a semi-angular handwriting, very much lying on its back, " For insertion in27ic Weekly Chronicle," addiug the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their country town. She commenced proceedings gast as she had done more, than once/ : when advertising for a.cook or & dionsemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used a sheet of her very best notepaper; that much she felt due to herself/ After tliis, with a beautiful ealigraphy, the precision of which also offered her some mysterious comfort, she wrote:— RANTED, a Situation as . She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and arrested her hand. Frances alwa ys was incorrigible in the way of interfering. " That's not it," said Frances. " I've been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading ' SITUATIONS'WANTED,' and then - in the ..columii below ' Governess requn-es Situation,'V so on, aid so on. I've been inspecting the advertising sheet of The Christian World." " That was very good of you, Frances," said Tina, slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business-like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion on her—Tina's— account. "Perhaps if yon would think instead of look,; ypu would^ see that I coiildii't, with strict'veracity, advertise myself as a governess until I've been one. Could I?" Frances had a habit of becoming momentarily deaf, when any remark was made calculated to interrupt the stream, or alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable'' countenance behind the ostentatiously spread out Christian World. " Here is one. This is how it reads. "T7"OUNG French Protestant LADY (brilliant -J- Musician), certificated, Hamburg, and speaking French and English, desires EE-EN- GAGEMENT. " Then comes another: /^OVEBNESS seeks HE-ENGAGEMENT in 0 school, English, music, singing, and harmony. " Then there's another: A GOVEBNESS in a family, by Young ladj (20). Certificated. English, French, music, drawing, and needlework. "Then there's—oh, no, I am looking at the wrong column, somebody wants her— F AMILY GOVERNESS WANTED (near Crystal Palace). Thorough English, French, and German, Music (Theory), Drawing and Painting. " That is how it reads," went on Frances, calmly proceeding in a kind of blank-verse rhythm of tone which would have been effective at a penny-reading. A S GOVERNESS. Ten years' experience in High School. English, French, math,, drill, aecdle*• " Gracious!" came a voice from a despondent-looking being seated 011 a hassock, with her hands clasped round her knees, staring sympathetically with the family grey eyes at an equally despondent-looking Tina. " Gracious ! you dou't need to be such a mountain of accomplishments as all that, do you ? " Bangles'—the dispirited speaker's— T oiee was the vox popuH of that meeting The thought expressed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody concerned. No governess in this housethat ever we had, I mean—was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relapsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show a curling fringe of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flashing eyes looking over at the low-spirited group. "Ah, there it is," she said, " nobody's to blame; but, you know, we never had good teaching. When poor mamma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearances' sake, our governesses were nice, elderly, mnch-behindfche-time individuals. The doctor's way. too, of testing their suitability was always to ask them to' play something,' don't you recollect? and we know whether he was qualified to judge even of that accomplishment." Various smiles flitted over the faces of the'ladies of the doleful countenances. The doctor had once publicly made a remark which revealed the fact that he had mistaken the air and time of " The Campbells are Coming" for the tune with which the words of "Jerusalem, the Golden" ai-e usually linked. " But what do you say to this ? " added Frances, with a change of tone, and an air of having reserved the bestinformation to th J last, as her face was again obscured behind the paper. ANTED, a young ladv as Companion Groverness for a little girl. Pleasant W home.— P. W., The Eosaries, WUitebampton, Herefordshire. The Chinee was the one who took upon herself to answer. She had her "pigtail " drawn under one arm, and, with the waving unplaited quarter-of-a-yard at the end, wa3 gently flogging the top 1 ail of a chair, on which she was kneeling with her face towards the back. " If Mrs. "Van Wrexham didn't live next door," she said, pitching high her girlish voice, " I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the Rosaries." (Mrs. Van Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to hurt anybody's feelings.) " It is the sort of thing she would say," finished Chinee, " if she wanted an upper nurse." Tina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Van Wrexham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so; the remaining quarter of her composition was practicality itself; but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back seat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second" s pause, to call up before the three-quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the universe, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina West herself, in her best whitefrock,meanderinggracefullyinand out of a sort of labyrinth or maze of rosetrees (standards, we may mention), leading by the hand an angelic child. The rose garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and her eyes upraised to the moon (presumably the little girl had been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes, pacing with silent tread the ruined aisles of their old home The honeysuckle, mignonette, and tobacco-plants had been the faithful henchmen of Imagination here. The strong, pleasant scents had thrown an amount of dreaminess into the air which it did the girls some credit to have yielded to so little. Perhaps the fact that both Frances and Chinee had slight colds had something to do with their superior behaviour. Chinee's observation appealed so keenly to the remaining quarter of Tina's composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion of feeling. " Even if it was really a governess who was wanted at the Rosaries," she said, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the question of herself, " I should never teach well. I never could teach Chinee when I used to try." " Perhaps that was my fault," Chinee consoled her. "No, it wasn't," said Tina; and Chinee knew, in her heart, that the answer was just. "Do you know, I believe I could teach," broke in Frances, confidentially. " Whatever I do know, I want other people to know; and 1 usually manage to make them see things. That's what the doctor calls my ' bothering propensity.' I can't rest without trying to make them see things." " No, you can't," assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaning. " It is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong with Miss Lavington,", said Excelsior. "What does it matter about thatP" said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later. '•Housekeeping is my strongest point," observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at h-r desk, nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good-night, dear love, God keep thee in His care, Ciinton was singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, with this hopeless - looking person in his thoughts. My hands are claspei, my knees are bowed in prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God keep thee in His care. Good-night, dear leve. To BE CONTINUED ? 