OUR NOVELIST. FOUND GUILTY. ?♦ ? By Mrs. Harriet Lewis, Author of ' The Double Life,' 'Lord Darkivood's Grime' &Q.; CHAPTER XXXV. THE LAND BAILIFF. Alex had no further opportunity for a private interview with Lady Vivian. The girl slept little upon that unhappy night after her meeting with her father. Anxiety for him, and grief at Lady Vivian's displeasure, made her restless and wakeful. The tears she shed, hot and bitter, might well quench the light of her young eyes, and leave her white and spiritless, with a despairing expression infinitely touoh ing to witness. Felicio came in at an early hour of the morning, before Lady Vivian had risen, to assist Alex to dress. Such has been the Frenchwoman's custom since the girl's arrival atClyffebourne. The tiring woman commented upon MissStrange's pallortand exclaimed — ' There must be something wrong in the air. My lady had one of her bad nights, such as she used to have so often. She fell asleep only an hour ago, and she will not waken for hours to come, but will Ho white and still, worn out with exhaustion. I hud hoped that these bad nights were over for my lady for ever.' Alex: made no response, but the dull v pain at her heart deepened into torture. ' My lady said that you would breakfast in her own room, made* moiseUe,' continued Felicie, bursting out the silken lengths of tawny hair. ' She bade me tell you last evening that she wishes you a pleasant visit to Mount Heron, and begged you to ex cuse her not seeing you this morning, as she took leave of you last night. And she bade me say also, made moiselle, that she hoped to receive a letter from you.' Alex bowed gravely. She could not speak. She read in Lady Vivian's message and refusal again to see her the sign of her ladyship's continued and severe displeasure. 'You are fortunate, mademoiselle,' remarked Felicie, ** to win my lady's love as you. have done. I never knew her to take so great a liking to anyone before, never. I know it is hard for her to let you go to Mount Heron on this visit, but yon will return be fore we go up to London, or to our house.' ' I hope so,' paid Alex, sighing. ' But Lady Vivian may not long want a companion, since she is to be married.' ' True mademoiselle. She is to be married before Christmas — Pierre Renard told me so last night — and it is now Nofember.' ' So soon P' cried Alex, in a start led voice. ' So Pierre Renard gays. My lady keeps her own counsel still. She has not told me,' declared Felicie, jealous ly. ' I think the marriage will come later. H-w can she procure a suit able trousseau in such brief time P But Pierre says my lord told him, and its is likely to be true. If my lady marries she may still keep you with her, mademoiselle, since she likes you so well.' ?' I could not stay if ohe were to marry again,' interrupted Alex, hastily. ' If my lady marries,' said Felicie, ' I shall marry too, mademoiselle. I hare been loved by Pieitfe Eenard these twenty years, since he was valet to the late mnrquis,the murdered lord. 1 did not like him once ; he was too gay, too much of a spendthrift, but he has fallen heir to ft fortune, and will buy a chateau in France, and 6et up as a gentleman. He is very rich, and only stays with my lord marquis until Ms lordship's marriage through affection. I shall have servants, mademoiselle, and a carriage, and be waited upon. Yet I cannot bear the idea of leaving my lady.' *' Is Pierre really rich ?' asked Alex, her thoughts turning upon the mystery of the Mount Heron tragedy. ' Perhaps his fortune will not suffice for all these extravagances you men tion.' ' I thought of that myself, made moiselle, and demanded to see his bank book. He brought it to me last evening. He has really much money, lie has proved to me, and he has tnuoh more in France, for which I had jto take bisl word. It is odd that the pld uncle should have made so much money,' added Felicie, reflectively. f* I knew the family well, on both 'the father's and mother's side, and [ never heard of this rich nncle of the mother. But the money is a fact \- me cannot doubt. And the end of it ill is that I have promised to marry bind when madam marries my lotd !' Felicie assisted further at Alex's xrilet, and the young girl thanked aer for her service and kindness, be itowiog upon her a liberal gratuity, Which Felicie promptly declined. I ' Keep it,' said Alex,' and buy With it something as a present from ne, Felicie. I may never return to plyffebourne. One cannot read the future. ?? Felicie accepted the gold piece, and took her leave, after wishing fUex unlimited happiness and pro sperity. A servant presently appeared with , [ lex's breakfast. She drank her i ofifce and trifled with a roll, but was i oo excited and troubled to have any i ppe'ite. i Felicie did not return. No further i lessage came from Lady Vivian. ] -ady Markham dropped in for a few I loments to triumph over her fallen i ival, but Alex was too proud to 6how 1 er sorrow or humiliation to her i nemy. It was nearly noon when the Mount Heron carriage arrived at Clyffe l onrne. Alex descended at once and t -ok her place in it, and was driven a way from the house in which she Y ad known so much of joy and drank s - deeply of sorrow. Her boxes had been sent to Mount 1 [eron an hour or two earlier, by c rder of Lady Vivian, given the night 1 of ore. Alex leaned back upon the c image cushions, and as the c image turned into the shaded a irenne, with a sudden, yearning im nulHe, she looked out of the rear win d)w and up at the Lady Vivian's r torn. ' The curtains of that upper window vi ere held back by a white hand, and ilex had a glimpse of Lady Vivian's superb face, half hidden among the d 'aperies, looking out upon her. The girl caught her breath in, a quick sob. 'The rose of success is guarded by a thousand thorns, ' she thought. M And every thorns seems to pierce to my very heait 1' |Tlie day w*s pleasant. The sun was shining; a brisk, bracing wind stfept in from the Atlantic ; the sea was in a glorious mood. Sails dotted the restless water* in the distance. The Bluff-road, a marine parade in the season, and at a later hour, waB ndw deserted. During her drive, Alex had time to recover her calmness and nerve hei-self for the work before her. She was going to Mount Heron in the firm conviction that Pierre Renard was the murderer of her uncle, and with the determination to fasten the guilt upon him, with the help of that Providence which never sleeps, and which, sooner or later, avenges the innocent and punishes the guilty. She had no definite plans ; her course she left to circumstances and the in spiration of the moment. The parade and the pierhead at Mount Heron village were deserted. The pretty marine villas facing the sea were, many of them, closed. Most of the visitors had left the breezy little watering-place, and the band no longer played ; the donkeys were not to be seen upon the sands, and a look of soberness replaced the recent air of festivity. A flag was flying from the topmost tower of Mount Heron Castle, which, perched upon its dizzy height, looking like some feudal stronghold. The avenue of approach led through the park by a steep and winding ascent, and as itneared the summit, proceed ed after a e'g-aag fashion, similar to the old Boman road leading up and down the mountain sides between Sestra Levante and Spezzia, in Italy, but, of course, upon a smaller scale. The park was left behind, and the bold bluff, with its ba*ustrated terraces, rising like tables one. above another, and covered with vegetation which grew thriftly in the soil that had been brought hither with infinite labour and expense, was at last gained. The wind blew here in a pale. The roar of the sea was like the sound of muffled artil lery as it surged and raged against the rocks below. The vie** was grand and imposing, appearingalraost unlimited. Alex drew a lomj breath of delight and enjoyment. The carriage drew up in the porte cochere, and a footman opened the door. Alex ascended the broad marble steps, and the doors of her ancestral home flew open to admit her. She entered the grand old baronial hall, hung with trophies of war and chase, and the hall porter was about to guide her to the draw ing room, when Mm. Ingestre, fat and nnwieldly, but all eargernera and satisfaction, came forth to receive her. The fact that Alex was a favourite of Lady Vivian was a passport to Mrs. Ingestre's favour. The patronagefof the duke's daughter was like the 'hall mark' upon silver — it stamped its recipient as valuable and of sterling worth. Mrs. Ingestre had been ' blue' all the morning. She wa-i lonely,' and after an hour's perpual of her favour ite medical work, had discovered in herself the most alarming nymptoms of a new and fatal malady. Her decease appeared to her imminent. She had, in fact, a most severe attack of hypochondria, and hailtd in Alex a confidant of her physical distress, a nurse, and a sympathizing com panion, all in one. *' You dear girl !' ribe exclaimed, embracing her visitor with warmth. ' How good of you to come to me so promptly. You find me quite ill this morning, Mjsb Strange, scarcely able to keep my head off my pillow. Only my indomitable will enables me to be up. If it were not for my invincible courage I should long before this have been in my lonely grave.' Alox expressed her sorrow at this state of affairs. Mrs. Ingest re's looks belied her professions. Her full moon face was red as poppies ; her pendulous cheeks, her thick red lips, her rotund figure, might well have, served as the model for health in its vulgarest and coarsest form. ' I will show you up to your room mypelf,' said Mrs. Ingestre, hospitab ly. ' It is a great exertion for me to mount the stairs, but I insist upon doing so. Don't try to dissuade me, my dear Miss Strange. I intend to make Mount Heron so delightful to you that nothing can tempt you to return to Clyffebourne,' She led the way up the broad stair case, along the great upper hall, to a spacious room that overlooked the sea. Bed and bathroom adjoined this sitting room, which was luxurious in the extreme. An immense bay window overhung the waters. In its great recess were writing and work tables, easy chairs and ottomans. Mrs. Ingestre drew aside the curtains of lace and satin and let in the broad sunlight. ' I have been alone all day/1 she said, complainingly. ' The gentle man went out yesterday in the yacht, and have not yet come in. But the vessel is in sight, and making for harbour. They will be in in the course of an hour or two with this wind. They will be surprised to see you at dinner, Miss Strange. Neither Lord Mountheron nor Lord King scourt knew that you were to be here at present,' 'Will the marquis bo phased P' asked Alex, a little uneasily. ' Oh, he does not concern himself greatly about me. He expressed his willingness to allow me a companion* and I hav'n't spoken of the matter to him since. He doesu't like to be troubled about small matters, Miss Strange, and household details, and I intend to make the most of my brief reign here. I suppose that Lady Vivian will soon take my place as mi&tress; of the es\stle.' Alex removed her hat and wrap pings. Her boxes were in her dress ing room, but her toilet required no change. *' Let me take you down to the morning room,' said Mrs. Ingest! e. ' You will havejnst as fine a view of the sea, and we shall be quite alone for some time to come.' They descended to the morning room — a large, long apartment direct ly under (he room assigned to Alex. Mrs. Inges're politely inquired after Lady Vivian, whom she regard ed with awe and admiration, after Lady Markbam and certain of the gnests,and then branched forth into a harrowing description of her ilk, predicting for herself A 6peedy demise. ' The yacht's return to the har bour was not so soon as Mrs. Icgestre had p-edicttd. The vessel tacked first upon one course, and then upon another for several hours. The two ladies lunched together, aud then re turned to their post of survey. It was four o'clock in the afternoon when the yacht entered the harbour and came to anchor in the shelter of the breakwater. The gentlemen ascended the bluff by means of a steep, long flight of steps cut in the solid rock. Lord Kingscort passed on to his own rooms. Lord Mounthmm entered the morn ing room, in quest of his sister-in-law. He was soft and delicate as ever, gentle and melancholy, with a sweet ness --f demeanour and a refinement of manner that well became him. He whs dressed in a yacht iug suit, an in spiration of Poole. A shadow swept over his mild face as be beheld Alex, but he greeted her with a marked courtesy. ' hlisB Strange will spend a fort night with me, Rowland,' said Mrs. Ingestre, ' even if I do not succeed in keeping her with me altogether. Dear Lndy Vivian will not require a com panion after lier marrivge, and I rely upon you to use your influence to wardshelping me keep Miss Strange.' 'I will use my influence in your be h&lf;, you may be sure,' replied the marquis, easily. ' Have you shown Miss Strange about tAiej' rustle, Augusta? The terrace, 'feD^'H^n ser- valories, hothouses, the' |mjture gallery, the ancient chapel, and the ruins P' ' Not yet. You forget the state of my health. But I will send someone to show her all the various objects of inirest.if I am unable to guide her. You know, of o urse, ray dear,' said Mrs. Ingestre, addressing Alex, ' that Mount Heron is a great show place, that tourists come from far and near to visit it, and that pictures have been made of the castle and the ruins P You have a great enjoyment before you, if you are romantic like most young people. The ruins are kept in good order, and are said to be haunt ' By the ghost of tome former lord of Mountheron,' said the marquis. ^ '* The servants will not visit the ruins after the nightfall,, and tell alarming stories of spectral lights and ghostly apparitions which some belated per son has chanced to see.' ' There are many traditions con nected with Mouiit Heron,' said Mrs. Ingestre. ' There have been terrible deeds done withiu these hoary walls ? ' The marquis moved away, with a remark uttered in tones too low for Alex to hear. ' Rowland is so sensitive,' said \- Mrs. Ingestre, as his lordship passed out of the room. ' He don't like any allusion to the tragedies connected with the castle, he don't believe in ghosts. And that reminds me, my dear. I must beg you never to allude before him -o the great Mountheron tragedy. He was deeply attached to his distant kinsman, the late marquis, and he cannot bear any allusion to his tragic fate. It reminds him, I sup pose, that he came iuto the title and estates through the awful murder of one kinsman by another.' ' I shall be careful not to allude to the tragedy.' *' Lord Mountheron is peculiarly constituted/' oontinued Mrs. Ingestre. ' I have known him since he was a young lad. I am the wife of the eld er brother. He had always (he gentlest, softest, sweetest nature. He would never have harmed a fly. He shranked from any kind of violence as from a plague. Tou can imagine the shock which that murder brought to a nature constituted like his. He cannot bear any kind of suffering. The sight of a beggar distresses him. The sight of pover ty and einkness are to him like physical pain. He gives generously to public charities, but no beggar is allowed to enter the grounds of Mount Heron, lest the marquis should see him and be distressed ' ' Would it not be better to relieve such caseB than to refuse them ad mittance?' ' The marquis will not be remind ed of the existence of cases of distress, and no one in his service would dare to tell him. With all his sweetness and gentleness he is master, and his people know it.' Mrs. Ingestre was fond of hearing herself talk, and having started upon a new subject, dilated upon it at great length during the next hour or tw*. Then glancing at the clock she broke off abruptly, exclaim ing— ' We dine at seven, Miss Strange, and it is after six. How the time has flown ! I find your conversation so entrancing as to quite lose flight of the time. We mast drese for din ner. Lord Mountheron is as punctual as the clock, and abhors unpunctua lity. We will po upstairs. My room is near your own.' They passed out into the hall to gether. ' That is the drawing room,' paid Mrs. Ingestre, indicating its position. ' But you know that. I forgot that you were here to dinner two or three weeks ago. That is the library. It adjoins the morning room, and is a grand apartment. At the «nd of the hall branches off another hall at right angles, and off that corridor open the state dining room, family dining room, and a host of other rooms. The room beyond the morn ing room, off this hall, is the marquis's own private room. Beyond that js ? *- She paused as the door of the marquis's private room opened, and an old man, with gray hair and beard, stooping figure and careworn countenance, came forth with a de jected air. 11 Mr. Orrin, the land bailiff,' whispered Mrs. Ingestre, watching him as he departed. ' He is as un popular among the tenantry as the marquis is popular. He has been in the family a lifetime, and used to be well liked during the late marquis's lifetime, but he has developed the most grasping disposition ; grinds the tenants to the last farthing of possible rent, and is hated by them all. They complain of him to Lord Mountheron, but he refuses to dis charge Mr. Orrin, since the man has been in the family so long, and is de voted to its interests. But all the marquis's appeals andcommnnds have no effect upon the land bailiff. He has turnod out poor widows, he has driven one poor man to suioide through his oppressions, and has caused a great deal of misery. No wonder the people hate him !' Alex could not reconcile this des cription with the kindly, sorrowful, dejected face of the old land bailiff. He looked shrewd and keen witted, but not at all the man to delight in the suffering of his fellows. ' I have seen the land bailiff,' she thought, ' and he, too, seems incap able of that crime of murder. He may have had a motive for destroying his master, but surely he could not haYe'aotedupon it. I believe that he like Puffet, the butler, is innocent of participation in that tragedy. The question of who committed that crime is narrowing down!' (To be continued.) 