PSYCHICAL RESEARCH AND HYPNOTISM. Many and puzzling are the applications whjch we moderns make of the Greek word for the soul or the mind. Tha object, for instance, of one of the com mittees appointed by tho Council of tho Science Association lasb week is 'to consider the best means of encouraging psychophysical and psychometrical inves tigation in Australasia.' We may take it for granted that in the case of a com mittee appointed by such an Association it is a strictly scientific meaning which is in* tended to be conveyed by the use of these unfamiliar-looking terms. A psychophy sical investigation may thus bo held to represent an enquiry into the relations between the mind and its physical en vironments, principally, of course, those which connect it with the body in which it dwells ; while a psychometrical investi gation must be taken to mean an atiempt tomeasure and to compare thef orceswhich operate in producing different emotions in the human mind. The appointment of this committee was moved by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., and the Chairman selected is Professor Laurie, who occupies the Chair of Mental and Moral Philosophy at Melbourne University. Along with tho latter gentleman will be associated Mr. E. F. J. Love, M.A., the lecturer in mathematics and physics at the Bame University, and Messrs. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc, and H. P. Gill, of Adelaide It will be seen that Melbourne and Adelaide are equally represented on this committee, and its appointment may perhaps turn out to be one of the most notable results of the Adelaide Congress of 1893. This is-, so far as we are aware, the first occasion on which any strictly scientific investigation into the domain of psychology haa been promoted in Australia. It cannot be said exactly that the gentlemen named have undertaken to carry on an investigation by themselves ; but in considering the beat means of 'encouraging' enquiry in Australasia they will doubtless find it necessary to collect evidence from many quarters, and to stimulate thought in the direction indicated by the terms of their commission. The London Society for Psychical Research has done a very important work in this nineteenth century, thoughmuchof its labour may have buen comparatively wasted. In about a score of volumes, forming tho records of its transactions, it has embalmed perhaps as much nonsense as can bo found in any similar number of tomes of modern compilation. Dreamers of dreams and seers of ghosts have responded with alacrity to tho in vitation to give for publication their accounts of experiences, whether well or ill authenticated. The results are to a very large extent simply the products of diseased and distorted imaginations. As records of historical facts a great many of the statements communicated to tho Society for Psychical Research are probably not worth the paper upon which they are printed ; but as revelations of states of mind in the persons who originated them they appear in quite a different light to the student of psychology. In a certain proportion of cases such as that of Mr. Eglinton, who was supposed to possess the remarkable faculty of flying through the air, the Society seems to have been the means of checking further imposi tion on a too-confiding public, for. in the nineteenth volume of the proceedings the Secretary records that, after undergoing a strict investigation, and being unable to produce any results worthy of note, the gentleman referred to has 'retired into private life.' On this alleged power of some persons to overcome the force of gravitation Mr. Andrew Lang has some curious and interesting remarks in tho September number of the Contemporary Revmew. With his remarkable aptitude for peering into the nooks and crannies of forgotten literature Mr. Lang has been enabled lo put together from tho histories of many nations, extending from China to Peru, a large number of instances in which it was alleged that persons exercised this power of levitation, or lifting themselves from the earth. Lord Orrery's butler, who was said to have flown like a bird, is matched with the Indian fakirs, who produce the impression that they are able to climb up a rope and disappear into the sky, and both cases are compared with similar alleged occurrences in other widely distant parts of the earth. It was a theory of the poet Coleridge that similarities of this sort were to be accounted for only by the supposition that sane persons in all ages are prone to hallucinations which run in the same grooves -in other words, that even the mental aberrations of mankind are subject to certain rules or laws. An old Arabian traveller tells that he saw the rope trick in India, and that in this case the men climbed up tho rope and cut each other to pieces, after which their bodies revived and reunited ; but he admits that, while he himself witnessed these miracles, his companion standing by his side saw nothing whatever of an extraordinary nature. The plain inference is that the man was in some degree hypnotized. In fact, it is be- joining increasingly apparent that the close study of those phenomena known as hypnotic will reveal to us the possible ex. planations of a very large proportion of the so called wonders of what Mr. Stead names ' Borderland.' '' vi-^vlal interest attaches to theexperi ,.',\ which is about to be tried on the l',Vjwjreil murderer Dejong, who is to be ;, ? ?u'ti'ei'l by order of tlio Amsterdam ^| -grates for the purpose of extracting ? . ihim information as to the where. j'.rj uf his two wives, who ? 'jr.nearccl so suddenly and mysteri ;v There are, however, some . v'l-re ,,f drawing false inferences from '. ', ]i a trial as this. la the seventeenth '^ eighteenth centuries, for instance, it ',.,.; a common practice for recalcitrant ., -icfses to be ' watched' or kept with . g;eep and in a dazed condition until, ? tj,0 desperate attempt to win peace ?; any price, they would make statements c-u-h 'as would please their cruel tor , ,. nars. It is quite imaginable that the ... re fooling of alarm at the supposed nmuierful process through which the man ;. ve;c,7 passed may have the effect of in :„.:;,.- Dejong to disclose something of vilut, .ir.J in this case the danger may be ?hit the merits of hypnotismmay be over r-itcii . A criminal has been known toconf es8 ?hrouith terror on hearing a mysterious v.-hisr-.er passed through a telephone ; Vit if reasonable precautions be taken i,.r the prevention of false inferences the experiment ought not to be without its ,;11e value, and ifc will certainly be Tca:chctl with much interest throughout the civilii.eil world. The Chinese Ca^s at Murray t-lKiriIE.— The first fruits of the recent nttion of the Government in reference to r!;e restriction of Chinese immigration hue appeared. In consequence of the /lisuu'.vry of the way in which China men wife being dispersed through the (v.loiues, owing chiefly to the laxity ,,[ the New youth Wales authori ties, the South Australian Executive riea-rinineil in August last to bring into .inta'.ion ;v power conferred by the Chinese Immigration Restriction Act of i,-,-s, but up to that time permitted to remain imexercised. Clause (i of that -r iture proscribes that any Chinese who ? nrers the province by land without first 'iir.'.inini; a permit in writing from some ?nTson to be appointed by the Governor ?:i Council is liable to a minimum fine or i..'- tc ;i nmximum of £20. In addition to ,r in .substitution for that' penalty he ii:;iy l.'j removed or deported to the ohnj whence he came, but this is to be ilnae pursuant only to a warrant or order ? ; the Treasurer. The trial of cases is vested in a Special Magistrate or two or mow -lustices, and this tribunal is .liliweJ to decide 'upon his or their urn view and judgment, whether any pt-Ksn produced before him or rhriiu is a Chinese within the. meaning i.f ilia Act.' The proclamation kinging this law into force was issued only seven weeks ago, but on October 3 t-vo Chinese who arrived at Serviceton by the Victorian train were asked for their latuvalization papers or permits autho rizing them to enter South Australia. If Mr. Ash, M.P., had been a Chinaman Hinl had been confronted with such a demand he would probably have raised awkward questions concerning the proper territorial control over Serviceton, but the two Celestials under consideration were iiotas perspicacious as Mr. Ash is. They left the train, and the Customs officer ?thought they had returned to Victoria, hut it seems that they walked over the Border, and when within undisputed South Australian territoiy took passage again to Adelaide. They were, how ever, arrested afc Murray Bridge',' prose cuted there by a representative of the Crown Solicitor, and fined in the lowest penalty, with the alternative of one month's imprisonment. The Court appears fairly to have taken nto account tho special circumstances of the case, and to have made allowance for tliu facfc that the men were un familiar with the English language ami were undefended, and that they pleaded— with .reasonablo warrant considering the short time which has elapsed since tlie proclamation was issued, that they were ignorant of the hn- prohibiting them from entering the colony. This statement may hue been as false as their assertion that they had no money was proved to he in Court, but the balance of probability tends strongly in favour of its being accurate ; and when their case was referred to the Government they might at least have given to the men tho benefit of the 'loubt. Tho Act expressly authorizes the penalty of deportation to be enforced as &n; alternative to a tiue being indicted, even though it also makes it a cumulative punishment. This measure of leniency wight well have been exercised by the Treasurer in view of the face that tho cise at Murray Bridge is the iirst and only one jet tried under the newly enforced law. There can be no objection t' existing Statutes being administered. Whatever may be thought of the abstract justice of such arbitrarily restrictive laws unless effect were given to them they Would be a moukery ; but the Govern ment might have been content with de Fating these unfortunate foreigners with nut insisting upon exacting from them a heavy tine and special costs, and ??Iso sending them across the Border. ' . is highly probable that in the ft'ct sense these two Chinamen *«* not guilty of any real delin quency, and were rather the crea t'lres of circumstances than morally f'lipabla offenders against the law. 'we more, if these Celestials were as °'-«te aa is the honourable member for Libert they might raise perplexing legal liifstions when they reach the middle of p Mans Land on their way to their Mctorian banishment. Could not Mr. *mi make some use of them in this way ? The Fatal Accident to Mi;. Soujbe. -\ Iamentablo accident on the Belair j1*'1 on Saturday suddenly deprived Mr. J-il'f ird Squire of life and South Aus rail'* of au old, prominent, hichly -?'liable, and welUrusted public olHcer. '4SC vreuk the deceased gentleman Werahmoa the thirty-fifth year of his Relation with Hie Civil Service of the ''?°'v, and ho had occupied the impor 'HIlt position of Deputy Postmaster IL™Ril and Superintendent of Telegraphs ''''a' eighteen years. He performed ?« dimes of the permanent head of the «wnment on several occasions when the '^master-Ucncral was absent from the ';'?t'y, and the graceful testimony 'toft Sir Charles Todd has given fitting his qu!l]i,,-es wag weu ''wned. Mr. Squire exacted from his ,, urulnate« the fullest necessary atton (l'a to discipline and departmental ';'??? but as well marked as hia con ;1-'«'«hkih»s1 hia practical ability. Sis l'S ,c.:lPacit;y for organization was tIm i nt'v consideration for even n,1 Humblest of his official inferiors. ? -'^-hont his branch of the service he » ttie subject of a pleasantly suggestive -ii -HIn ' °f resPoct aml esteem. As ^''ncerhu was admired for his profes U att:iinments. As a, man he was ,.,.- ..e-1 for his aporeciation of the rights ; ' Ol«tts and fcr his urbanity. There is f-rva m characterizing such a public on'/1^ ils ^r* Squire was to avail i' I u ot, a»y elegiac licence. His faith ' ' '-cord is his best testimonial. As a nev, i DePuty Postmaster-General e-H if himself conspicuous in social utiubt1' ? WllS °n° Of thoSQ diffident- ffin.,ir-IISlV,c men whose recreation is *i „ m ^°ir worb« bufc hi8 friendship ^nonetheless highly anpreciated by fceus:h°Mrr° Pn-leged'to enjoy it fee fP BIr- Attire was not one of iree- and -easy, hailfellowwell met type of men who number their intimates by the hundred. The official enquiry which is to be held to-day may disclose the precise cause of the accident that in a moment berett Mr. Sqnire of life; but afc present the occurrence seems to have been a pure misadventure which no ordinary fore thought could have averted. The philo sophical reflection suggested by the casualty must relate to the singularly serious consequences which sometimes spring from what may appear to be the most trivial mishaps, and the sudden death of Mr. Squire is also connected with a coin cidence which has some impressiveness. .Tust before he started upon his fatal ex cureion to the hills he had been attending the funeral of one of the officers of his department, and now his sorrowing col leagues have to tako part* in his own obsequies. Arrival of the Britaxma.— The P. & O. steamer Britannia arrived at the Semaphore anchorage at 4 o'olook on Sunday afternoon, and was met on arrival by the Aoting Health Officer, Dr. Teiohelmann, who granted pra tique. Among the passengers were Mr. and Mrs. T. Bamneld and Mr. O. Seppelt, of Adelaide, and Mr. Peany, of the Fresh Food and Ice Company of Sydney. A i large number of passengers came ashore during the evening. Return' op Mb. 0. Seppelt.— Mr. O. Sep pelt, of the firm of Messra. B. Seppelb & Co., wine merchants of this colony, returned by the steamer Britannia on Sunday, lurst he visited the Rhine, then creased over to Austria, and Bought information in most of the Austrian as well as tie Hungarian wine districts. Ho also included Italy in his tour. Mr. Seppalt eayB that wherever Australian wines were known they were received with great favour. Some samples of South Austra lian wines sent to him were highly spoken of by the experts to whom they were submitted. Mr. Seppelt considers that a large trade might be carried on in Australian wines with some parts of Europe, notably the northern portion of Germany, where the heavy wine was much liked. Australian wine, he adds, is to be found in 1'aria, where it is held in very high estimation, while Australian and Cape fruits are also sought after. The question of a depot, Mr. Seppelb thinks, is one which should receive immediate attention, for the placing on the market of a properly matured wine is most necessary to the interests of Australian growers. Australian* Game in Loxnos.— Among the passengers on board the P. & 0\. steamer Britannia was Mr. Y. Penny, who in April last left the colonies to investigate the pros pects of the London market in respect to ship ments of Australian hares, rabbits, pigeons, and other game on behalf of the Fresh Food and Ice Company ot Sydney. Mr. Penny took with him three cases of assorted game and fish, including hare?, rabbits, wonea pigeons, and echnapper. One of the cases was presented to tbe Lord Mayor of London, and the other two to Lord (Jarrington and tbe members of the House of Commons. During his stay in England Mr. Penny made enquiries in regard to the game trade with the old country, and he lays that the prospects are exceedingly good ; in fact there is a great in dustry to be opened up if it ia only carried on properly. Many large firms in London and elsewhere have offered inducements, and Mr. Penny has no doubt that an extensive and re munerative trade can be conducted in Aus tralian game. 1-k. Ewbask.— Dr. Ewbank. who haB been Buffering from blood- poisoning in the hand, and who is under the care of Dr. Jay, is steadily improving. The War Vessels and Pilotage.— At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation on Ihuraday evening it was decided to request the Marine Board to arrange for one of their officers to pilot the vessels of the Australian Squadron to Fort Adelaide without charge, as bhe Corporation understood that the com manders declined to take their ships up the river in consequence of the cost of pilotage. It was stated at the meeting that it was under stood that the vessels were not allowed by the Marine Board to enter the river free of pilotage as formerly, and the case of the Ringarooma on her last visit was referred to. There appears to be some misunderstanding on the matter, aa the Marine Board Act, under which pilotage regulations have been framed, exempts all Her Majesty's vessels from its provisions. Thus as far as the Marine Board 1*3 concerned vessels are at bberty to proceed to Port Ade laide without a pilot. In the cue of the Ringarooma the commander requested the services of a pilot, in which oiroumstanees it is considered perfectly fair that the vestsel should bear the expense. It is not considered prac ticable for the Harbourmaster to perform the duties of pilot; without neglecting his other duties. The pilots at the Semaphore have notified the Mayor of Port Adelaide that subject to the approval of the Marine Board they are prepared to pilot vessels belonging to the squadron to Port Adelaide free of charge. S.A. SocrETV of Arts.— Since the South Australian Society of Arts opened their Exhi' bition at tho Institute nearly a fortnight ago the attendances have been increasing. On Friday and Saturday the largest number of visitors was registered. Encouraged by this patronage the committee have decided to extend the Beason to Tuesday, so that the Exhibition will be open today and tomorrow. While praise has been bestowed on the pictures, yet very few have found purchasers. Fatal Accident to Mr. E. S^uike. — Through the capsize of a vehicle which Mr. Edward Squire. Deputy Postmaster-General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, was driving down tho Belair-road on Saturday afternoon, that gentleman lost his life. He fell on his head, and sustaining a compound fracture of the skull was killed instantly. One of Mr. Squire's sons, two cf his daughters, Mrs. Warren, a relative, and a maid servant, who were in the trap at the time of the accident, were all more or less hurt. Deep and widespread regret is expressed on all sides at the calamity, which has deprived the Post-Office of & most valued and highly respected officer. At the Clenelg Jetty the tfag was flying half-mast high on Sunday in respect to the deceased gentleman. Full particulars of the sad occurrence are recorded in other columns. The Highway Robbery at Wamcerviue. — Miss Haseell, who was the victim of an unprovoked assault at Walkerville on Friday evening last, and who had her satchel, con taining valuables, stolen from her, is slowly recovering from the shock. She has still to keep to her bed, but her medical attendant hopes to eee her well again in a few days. The bag has been found in a garden belonging to Mr. J. Acraman, on the North-Eastern-road, Walker, ville. Death of as Olp Colonist.— The funeral of the late Mr. P. Redman, a very old colonist, and landlord of the Cumberland Hotel, took place on Saturday, and was largely attended. The Sir William Robinson and Sir James Ferguson Lodges of Druide, the Foresters, and the Licensed Victuallers' Association, of which the deceased was the oldest member, were represented. Some forty or fifty vehicles joined in the procession to the grave. The deceased was a most enthusiastic cricketer in the eerly days. Death at the Hnsrrr.vL.— Thomas Clarke, who was admitted to the Hospital on August '23 suffering from injury to the spine caused through falling off the roof of a building in the course of erection, died in tbe Adelaide Hospital on Friday afternoon. Deceased is said to have resided in George-street, Park side. The Coroner has been informed. Fou.vu) Drowxeu.— At half-past 10 o'clock on Sunday morning two boys reported to tbe police at Port Adelaide that the body of a man was floating in the New Dock just inside Fisher Bridge. Oa receiving the report Con stables Nicholson aud Burford proceeded to the dock in the police-boat, and took the body out of tb.9 water and conveyed it to the morgue. The body is that of a man apparently of about sixty years of ace, and from its decomposed condition has evidently been m the water for a long time. An open knife was clenched in the right hand. Nothing has transpired to give a clue to identification, and beyond a few shillings, two handkerchiefs, and three pipes, nothing was found on the body. Fibs Cbackers.— A correspondent writes : — 'The juvenile portion of the community in the west part of the city have begun amusing themaelvea by tiring off crackers in the main streets. On Saturday several accidents to ocou pants of vehicles were narrowly averted ; the horses were caused to shy, and but for the presence of mind of those in charge capsizes would have assuredly taken place. It ia a pity that tbe parents of these youthful offen ders did not prevent their children from in dulging in such a dangerous pastime as that of firing crackers in the main streets of the city.' Thia is not the first complaint of the kind which has been made to us. It seems to be quite common for boys to play about the city roads— bowling hoops and throwing footballs in front of horses, which often in consequence become terrified. Stone Fruits.— A correspondent writes :— 'The stone fruits, especially apricots, have not * set' quite as well as the blossoms would lead one to expect in the gardens of tbe Lower North districts. The pippin varieties promise well, although many kinds of apples have not yet expanded their bloom. Insect pests, as might naturally bo expected in a season like the present, have made their appearance, and spraying has become the order of the day in some gardens I have noticed.'1 Siu Henry Norman.— It is very curioua to notice (writes our London correspondent) how things work round. The making of Sir Henry Norman from Governor of Queensland into the Viceroy of India has been practically the work of Lord Ripon. It came about in this way. There has been great perplexity of late who was to succeed Lord Lansdo wne. These are the times when India requires a safe man rather than a fhowy one (for who knows when war is to break out?) as well as a man of ability. Several leading men had been sounded, butall shirked the responsibility, for the next few years are likely to be troublous ones in India, and the Government was almost in despair, when a telegram came from Australia to the Colonial Office enquiring if it was true that Sir Henry Blake was to be made Governor of South Australia. Sir Henry Blake's career came up, and with it the recollection that Sir Henry Norman had replaced him. Sir Henry Norman is an old friend of the Marquis of Ripon, and he at once urged him, in the difficulty, as a safe and experienced man for India. Two other recommendations clinched Sir Henry Norman as an ideal man for the position — the first was that he has useful military knowledge, not only of India, but of Australia ; and the second was that it was desirable that the Viceroy should know something of Australia, for it is held by experts, and notably by Lord Roberts, that when Russia attacks India by land ehe will simultaneously attack Australia by sea. The chief thine against Sir Henry Norman is bis age — sixty-seven — but what after all is that compared to the age of the Prime Minister ? A MUSCULAR FRIAR. — An anecdote illustra tive of muscular Christianity is told in the 'Life of Sir Richard Burton.' The scene ia laid in Brazil, where Burton was for a time Consul. ' One of the monks at the Seminary Capuchins was a tall, magnificent, and very powerful man, an ex- cavalry officer, Count Somebody, whose name I forget, then Fray G— . Before he arrived there was a bully in the town, rather of a free-thinking class, so he used to go and swagger up and down before tho seminiry and call out, 'Come out you miserable petticoated monks '. Come out and have a free fight ! For God or the devil !' When Fray G — arrived he heard of this, and it so happened he had had an English friend, when he was with his regiment, who had taught him the use of his fists. He found that his brother monks were dreadfully dis tressed at this unseemly challenge, so he said, ' The next time he comes don't open the gate, but let the porter call me.' So the next time the bully appeared it was so arranged that the gate was opened by Fray G — (the usual crowd had collected in the road to see the fun), who looked at him laugh ingly, and said, 'Surely, brother, we will fight for God or the devil, if you please.' So saying, the friar tucked up his sleeves and gown and told his adversary to 'come on,' which he did, and he was immediately knocked into a cocked hat. 'Come, get up,' said the friar. ' No lying there and whimpering ; the devil won't win that way.' The man stood three rounds, at the end of which he whim pered and holloaed for mercy, and amidst the jeers and bravos of a large crowd the ' vil lage cock' retired, a mass of jelly and pulp, to his own dunghill, and was never seen more within half a mile of the seminary.' French Champagne. — It will be a grand year forchampagnein France} writesour London correspondent), also for that kind of wine which goes by the generic name of claret. The grape-pickers in France, like the hop-pickers, are already at work. They get in Champange ?if. a day and their food. This consists of meat, cheese, and wine at midday, with soup and a plate of boiled beef with vegetables in the evening. Not only in quality but in quantity the grapes of Champagne will be ex ceptional, and the grapes are bo abundant that there will be enough wine and to spare for two years. 'I presume,' a great French cham pagne power was asked the other day, 'nothing can dethrone the great wine of France?' ' Nothing,' he replied, ' but phylloxera. So far, however, the plague — although it undoubtedly exists — doe3 not thrive in our northerly air as it does in low-lying districts. It comes, undoubtedly, from over-manuring and from the exhaustion of the vines. By dine of patient scientific research it is to be hoped that this depopulation of the vino may be averted. I see, of course, what you are hinting at. You want to know how far tho Crimea, California, and Australia may displace the supremacy of this corner of Franca. Here is a fair test. I have not known a single emigrant amongst our men to Cali fornia or Australia. A few have certainly gone to Russia, and a fair contingent to (iermauy and Switzerland. A recent decision has deprived any district of the privilege of calling its wine champagne. This shoe pinches terribly in the Saumur tract, where the gpark ling wine far excels that of California, and it carries moral weight with it elsewhere. But another and far bigger test is the immense in crease of the champagne trade of every degree with the United States. We get far more exact statistics on this subject from America than from England. The Rhine and Swiss champagne have no exhilarating effect, and they are not beneficial to invalids. It is pro bable that unleaa the gieat landmarks be removed by war or by incurable phylloxera French champagne ' of the mountains' and 'of the river' will retain its supremacy. Like King Wenceslaus, who ageeed to sign any treaty with Charles VI. rather than give up his Reims wine, so the world will never tire of the great brands while they are obtainable.' The Fctcre ok Silver.— Twenty or thirty years ago (says the American Al tiling and Scientific Press) the golclminer was the man of fortune, but of late years the bonanza million aires have been those who3o fortunes have been made in silver. But with the fall in values of silver there comes a change in this. Tho silver-mining industry haa received a blow which will never permit is aeain to occupy the position it has hold. The metal itself has got into jwlitics, which is bad for it, as this is bad for individuals. Should the action of this country and other nations acain rnisa the value of silver there will be no way of predicting when a change may be made at at any time or what the results may be. Thare will always be more or less doubt about the advis*blene?s of patting large sums of money into silver mining for fear of some surh change, and silver properties are not likely to bring former jirices under these circum stances. This is not a pleasant conolusion to reach, and it will be denied by many, but i; forces iteeH to consideration under present circumstances. An Experimental LiyuoR Monopoly.— A very iuteresting experiment has been temporarily checked in tho United States (says the Hcvieic of Reviews). South Carolina, of all States in the world, decided to try a modification of the Gothenburg system. On July 1 no liquor was to be Rold in the State except by the State itself. The supply of all drink, in short, was to be made the monopoly cf the strictest kind, and all the corn whisky on which the South Carolinans were allowed to pet drunk was to be labelled ' Warranted U.S. Standard proof and chemically pare. South Carolina State Dispensary. ' The State had laid in large quantities of liquor, and the Governor calculated that he would be able to make a net profit for the ratepayers of £100,000 per annum. Unfortunately for the success of this experiment a Judge has declared tbe law unconstitutional, and until the Suoreme Court decides the question no one. knows exactly what is going to bo done. Another Epidemic in Gold-mining.— That the ipirit of speculation is not yet absolutely absent waB evidenced on Saturday last. An advertisement appeared in the Register of that date intimating that 10,000 shares in the Fortune of War Gold-mining Company, Western Australia, had been reserved for Adelaide, it being the intention of the pro prietors to offer the balance in Melbourne and Sydney. By 10 a.m., however, applications amounting to over 15,000 had been received, and the list was consequently closed. Ihe golden glitter of the western colony is evi dently attracting the attention of the public. Can Governors he Dispense:* with.— The Westminster Gazette remarks :— The proposal of the South Australian Government to dis pense with Governors, for a long time at least, continues to excite discussion in colonial circles. What is eaid is that if one colony is allowed to do id othere will certainly follow suit. Therefore a change proposed in the first instance for the sake of economy has to be scrutinized from a consideration of farreach ing consequence?. One important point is that the natural and generally the legal substitute is the Chief Justice of the colony. N°w. it is not altogether desirable that this gentleman should be steadily mixed up in politics. In 1875 Sir W. Stawell became the most unpopular man in vic toria by refusing to give Mr. Berry, then Premier, a dissolution. Then, again, it is manifestly desirable that the Governor of ft colony should bo a man who cannot be sus peoted of party bias. An English gentleman, trained in Parliamentary or official life, and coming to a country where he has no private interests or friends or animosities, may have great influence as a moderator in stormy times. Newspaper Writers.— Mr. Julian Ralph, in an artiole in Scribner's, describing the life of the newspaper reporter in the United States, remarks that nothing about the pro fession is znore remarkable than the change that has come over the relationship between the reporter and the so-called 'great man.' The reporters call upon the officials upon terms of equality, and get from them what they want —to publish or not to publish, as the two agree. The best Washington journalists work upon a friendly basis with Cabinet officers and Senators— all of them that they care to know — and are recognised as men pursuing an honourable calling. As a contrast to this free and easy method the writer states that he once congratulated an English re porter who had reported Gladstone's epeeches for nearly twenty yaars upon knowing that statesman so well. 'God bless you!' ejaculated the reporter, 'I don't know him at all. I was once unable to escape from his car without passinsr him, when he came in unexpectedly, and a mutual friend introduced me to him. But I nevec presumed upon that, you know.' A noble personage was once a3ked by an American what he could say to the reporters about something that concerned them both, and which had been discussed in the American press. 'Tell the reporters to go to the devil,' replied the exalted foreigner. 'Oh! but I can't,' eaid the American. 'Our American way is to help each other along. I like to read about other rcen in our papers, and I must contribute my share to the fund of news. I will have to tell them whatever will do no harm for the publio to know.' 'The Book op thk Fair.'— We have received from the publishers (the Bancroft Company of Chicago) the first number of what promises to be & choice and charming per manent literary and artistic memorial of the World's Exhibition of 1S!)3. It is to be a work of rare beauty and value, entitled 'The Kookof the Fair,' and will furnish an his torical and descriptive presentation of Science, Art, and Industry as viewed through the Columbian Exposition at Chicago. The compiler is Mr. Hubert Howe Bancrofc, whose design is 'to set forth the display made by the Congress of Nations of human achievement in material form, eo as the more effectually to illustrate the pro gress of mankind in all the depart ments of civilized life.' Mr. Bancroft has ample resources from which to draw his descriptions, and to judge by the number before ua these will be turned to good account. The volume, or set of volumes, will consist of twenty-five parts, comprising in all 1,060 pages. In size and general character the work will somewhat resemble the Picturesque Atlas with which Australians are bo familiar ; but the typoeraphy is to be superior, the illustrations more copious, the paper of far better quality, while the con tents will be of world - wide in terest. In tho number before us attention is given to the history of Fairs from the earliest times, and this is made interesting by the pictorial representation of scenes and edifices. Amongst these figure the Exhibition Build ings of Sydney and Melbourne, but by some strange oversight no reference is made to the Adelaide Exposition. The second chapter gives an historical sketch of the wonderful career of Chicago, and in the third the evolu tion of tho Columbian Fair is dealt with. The book, to judge by the sample, will do immense credit to all concerned in its production. Ratepayers' Meeting, Mitoham. — A public meeting of ratepayers was hold in the Mitcham Institute on Friday evening to consider the appointment of a Ranger and to ask why the old Ranger should not be re appointed. About fifty ratepayers attended, and Mr. A. Murray, J.P. (Chairman of the Distrio!; Council), presided. No ons was pre pared to diacuss the questions except tho late Ranger (Mr. W. Bull), who resigned the ap pointment Borne twelve months ago and is anxious to be reappointed. Mr. W. B. Mann proposed and Mr. G. Conquest seconded — ' That the petition be read and discharged.' In supporting tho motion the ratepayers expressed themselves thoroughly satisfied with the way the Council had discharged their duties. The motion was carried unani mously. A petition signed by 117 ratepayers was then read, expressing satisfaction with the present Ranger (Jlr. J. Slee), and asking that no ohange be made. This tho Council will comply with. Afterwards the Chairman and Councillors expressed their indignation that they were brought so far to consider the questions when there was no one present to show the reputed netrlect of the Council or its Ranger. It was suggested that steps be taken to compel the ratepayers who signed the petition convening the meeting to pay the ex penses incurred by their action and neglect to attend. Thk Late Mr. M. J. O'Bmr.x— On Satur day morning the funeral of the late Mr. M. J. O'Brien. Post and Telegraph Master of Strathalbyn, took place. On the arrival of the South train, which conveyed tho body and the relations of the deceased from Strathalbyn, the coffin was placed in the hearse and the funeral passed on through King William-street and Wright-street, thence to th6 Catholic Cemetery, West-terrace, where the Rev. Father Coserove, of West-terrace, and the Rev. P. Landy, of Mount Barker, officiated at the Rrave. The chief mourners were Master P. O'Brien (son of the deceased), Messrs. T. J. O'Koilly (brotherin law), E. J. Conlon and M. J. Conlon (cousins), Masters E. J. O'Reilly and H. J. O'Reilly (nephews). Amongst those around the grave were Messrs. E. Squire (Deputy Postmaater-General), R. W. M. Wnddy, Sohedlich, Watt, W.-itson, Ryan, and others of the Post and Telegraph Department, and Messrs. Klem. D. Bell, D. Fe». gen., P. Doolev, H. Sheridan, M. C. Davis. W. Byrne, P. O'Reilly, and Hall. Mr. j. A. O'Brien, brother of the deceased, being stationed at Ilergott Springs, could cot attend. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. J. B. Siebert, of Gouger street. Farewell.— Owing to ill-health Mr. A. A. Tranmar has been obliged to relinquish the position of accountant and Manager to the South Australian Branch of the Wertheizn sewing machine warehouse. On Friday the employes presented addresses and gifts to Mr. Tranmar. The proceedings were something of a private nature owins to Mr. Trantnar's indisposition. Deep nympathy was expressed with Mr. Tranmar in bi3 illness, and tbe cordial relations that had existed between him and those associated with him were re ferred to. The presentations consisted of a silver -mounted walking-stick suitably in scribed, a handsome leather pocket-book, a silver card-receiver, and a silver-mounted scent casket. St. John Ambulance Work.— The annual monthly meeting of tho Adelaide St. John Ambulance Practice Club was held at the Indian Tearoom*, Rundle- street, on Thursday evening. Tne President (Mr. H. S. Anthony) presided over a fair attendance of members and visitors. Several gentlemen who pMBed the recent examination were admitted as members and joined ir- tho evening's pro gramme. Practical work during the month was reported by aoyeral present, and the mode of treatment explained. The Chairman then allotted different kinds of practical bandaging to each present, after which all joined in the various methods of lifting and carrying injured persons. 