m ; ; I "" MRS. (TAIfiflJTHERS A TALE OF A LADY'S CLUB. TC-HE was such a quiet little woman, so I different in manner, dress, and appear - H lance from the other ladies who formed the H \fin Cartes, that it was always a subject for 'much wonderment to newly-elected members H .'Us to how Mrs. Carru there ever came to 'belong to such an institution. .It was not that anybody threw doubts on the fact of her being a lady by birth and I (position. Her own family, and that of her I yate husband, had held a high place among I Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could I the most inveterate scandal-monger even I dream a word against a woman whose sense .'of rectitude bad developed into intolerance H (of other people's failings, and whose moral H code was .written- between the straightest and H 'narrowest of ruled lines. . These mental characteristics, added to a dowdily neat exterior, and a manner that 'was deprecating to meekness, were, how- 'ever, all food for the curious minded, and: invariably it was noticed that before a new (member had joined a week she would inquire 'of someone else. H " VYbo was that faded little dowdy I met B '"on the stairs just now ? She actually went B 'into the card-room under my very nose. B (She's somebody's maid, I suppose. But she H uehb to be told to keep out of our sight." B Then someone would volunteer that if she B . /was a small thin woman, with sandy hair, B 'going grey, pale eyes, and a nervous manner, B jalro. Carulhers was her name, and she was B /a member of the club, and therefore had a B (perfect right to go where she pleased. B f " Mrs. Carru tliers. And who may she B -be ? How did such a queer-looking creature B ;ever get in hero ?" B And strong in the consciousness of smart B <£ow'ns, fine diamonds, and a woll-authenti- H i cat ed position in the social scale, the new B . .comer would generally draw herself up, and B' put on an injured air at the bare idea of B, "Toeing obliged to breathe the same air with a B' ,woinan who apparently had neither carriages B ;nor horses, no house in Mayfair, and no H 'shoo ting -box in Scotland. B " She is one of the original members, and -I have a sort of idea that Lady Maysford B 'knew her and her husband when they were B jwell off" B " I suppose she's very poor." B i "She certaiuly docs nob look as though B fehe were endowed with too many of this B (world's goods, and I often wonder how she B . !inanage6 to pay her subscription." B " Oh ! well. If you' have that feeling B "about her ib is nob extraordinary that. I -should have had doubts as to who she could .be." | That was how people spoke of Mrs. 'Carruthcrs. B ; She did not go very often to the En 'Cartes. At the very outside she might- B .enter its doors and find her way to the long B xcard-room once a week. Butas.often as nob B .a month or six weeks would go by and the (weak little lady with the smooth grey hair B 'and pale eyes would not be seen. B t VV'hen she did come she did not stay long, B (though she tried to appear as if she was in B the habit of.nsing the club habitually for the B .purpose of writing her letters and meeting B Slier friends. It was like a little comedy to B 'watch her arrive and go through the form of B (asking for letters, and then repairing to the (writing-room to order a cup of tea, while B (she went through the form of pretending to 'write letters and read the evening paper. W ,But if you watched hor carefully you would (see that she was feverishly excited, and1 B didgetled about like a lien on a bank while 'her brood of ducklings swam' about. H i Indeed, the simile is not a bad one, as it H wan literally about a bank that Mrs. Carru- Hj tliers did fidget. In other words, Mrs. Car- B- -rut hers was a confirmed gambler, in counter- 'distinction to a person who merely plays 'cards. There was real gambler's blood in H iher veins. She had always been one of. (those extraordinary persons to whom cards Hi twere as absinthe is to those who become HI a prey to it.- Cards - made a dif-' B (ferent woman of her. They brightened H Uier up till she became almost pretty. When B (she touched them the blue veins shone 'through the white skin of her thin small B (hands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of B being slow, quiet, and unreserved, she became B xquick, vivacious, arid impulsive. Since the B (establishment of the club she had never B | played high, in the sense of staking large B \sums, and doubllessto many she would have B 'appeared merely a person who, having a fiver B (or a tenner which she did not know what to B (do with, gave it a chance, as the saying is. B (To those, however, who have studied: B gamblers she was obviously one of that jlarge class who all their lives have played Hj ifor all they have got, who are always .going for the gloves, and who are never dis- mayed by loss, but are convinced every time B . jthey lose that. they are only one step nearer Bj the end of their bad luck, and one step H nearer the grand conp, the one chance of .their lives, when their luck must turn and B "they will sweep all before them. As we B know, this never happens, for the simple H reason that they play with the idea of leav- B; ling off when the win, and when they win .they follow their luck and lose all, not being (able to follow the money they have lost. B| .The luck of Mrs. Carru there had turned as .'often as anyone else's, but she never knew it, for if she turned a tenner into £200 she B would hot have the pluck to get up and go, .and what she . had taken a whole night to (build up, she would put down on the turn of B 'a card only to sea it swept away the next B|- minute, and she left without even herorigi- B !nal stake. B ( It was by persistently playing this game B Ithab Mrs. Carru there never gave herself a (chance, and always ended by losing. The B (type is well known to gamblers, and as long B >as the ace of spades is the unluckiese card' B in "the pack there- will be people -who will B -spend their lives in. losing tenners on the 1 wholly impossible chance of some day or ;other winning a large stake. Indeed, though she never brought much at a time to Kjthe club, one way and another at the end of layearber losses' were, as large, if not larger, (than anybody else's. B | Indeed, so persistent were her losses that B'the members positively disliked to win her money, .for, as Mrs. R. X. Hicks, the i American, said, "She ain't worth my money. B Her fiver ain't no good to me if I win, and "I'm standing to be shot for £5,000." j It was about the end of October, when -Society was beginning to come back to town, H. 'tht Mrs. Carru th era turned up at the En B iCartes Club one night. She went through B i her usual formula of inspecting the mem- ibers' book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a letter or two, and casually turning over the .evening papers, and finally, after, fussing B iabout, inquiring casually, "Is anybody in B jthe card-room '. Being answered in the affirmative, she H 'pretended to hesitate a moment and .filially B picked up her skirt 6 and slowly ascended BL -the stairs and entered the long room where 'a baccarat table was in full swing. Lady Brightlesea was in the bank, and the .players were too occupied to take much notice of the arrival of Mrs. Caruthers. She commenced punting With two sovereigns and won, and leaving her stakes down won B: again. Withdrawing, the" £6.she had won, B 'she commenced again with her original stake, and' sat/ '..her -two sovereigns 6wept Kairay. She- then pub down eight B';:and " was paid an equal amount, and B-.leaviug ..it down found herself in pos- (session qf £32 irv.a. few seconds. She Bv.Withdrew jt cautiously, and waited to see - . .bow tire cards would go. The bank won, Kand Mrs. Carruthers felt, elated, at her own Kcleverness. "fehe was evideil.tly playing care- B .(fully, for' again she made no stake, and again B the bank won, The cards were: evidently B Tunriing in triplets, and so she saw tire bank B jwin again before she staked, and then' she B rput down, the Whole £32 which she had won. | B>She had done wisely, and leaving, down the B;v'£C4 she swept up the£128 and waited. Again ' Hfcithe bank lost, so it was clear the triplets were ! BpPexbausted, and so waiting a few minutes she j HBlsaw the. bank broken and the new bank put ! |jgu tQ Tb? Sf? #10' I Cavruthers bid £15, and finally took it . for £110. She was in great luck. The bank had ib all its own way. Where it lost at all it was only on one side. When it won it swept the table, and, what with the former casual pickings, and a final run of six. though the play was small, and money (seemed scarce, the croupier had some £1,200 of Mrs. C'arruthers's winnings in front of her. The banker looked right and left before dealing the cards. On one side the stakes were £5, and on the other £7. She hesitated a moment before! throwing up the cards. In that' moment Mrs. Decaine said "Banco." Mrs. Carruthers hesitated another moment, dealt, and looking at her cards, said — "I give!" >' " If you please." ' She dealt six to Mrs. Decaine and seven to herself. "Nine," said Mrs. Decaine. " " i?n carles," replied the banker. She dealt again, and again said : " I gi ve !" The answer was : " No, thank you." Mrs. Decaine was obviously standing on "five, six, or seven. In that moment Mrs. Cairnthers cursed the temptation she had yielded to, and she drew a seven. " Six," said Mrs. Decaine. , Mrs. Carruthers calmly turned her card and replied in a. ghost of a voice, "Bac." She rose quietly from her seat and saw Mrs. Decaine carry off the £2;200 she had won by staking £2, and had lost by being too greedy. She left the room as quietly as she had entered ib, and then the game went- on. Mrs. Decaine took Ihe bank for £100, and the noble army of punters started to try and get a bit back. Play bad proceeded about ten minutes when the Marchioness of May- fair entered, and said : "I bog pardon, Mrs. Decaine, for inter rupting, but somebody has been larking, and lam in a hurry, as I have to fctcn my husband at ' the House,' and I am late." " Well, what's the matter ? " " Somebody has tried to frighten me by hiding my tiara. Who is it, now ? Come, give it up. I have four parties to do, and I shan't be in bed till four, so 1 haven't time for joking." Everybody wailed for the somebody to speak, but there was dead silence. " Come, come," said Lady Mayfair, " a joke's a joke, and I have had my fright." Nobody spoke, and the Duchess of Mars- ton rang the bell. When the servant entered, she said— " Tell Madame Skazi to come here." The punters left the table and gathered round the fire. Presently Madame Skazi entered. "Good evening, Skazi Lady Mayfair laid down her tiara in the dressing-room and it lias gone. Yon had better see that nobody leaves the club, and have the ser vants up,, and we can search them before the police are called up. Any other members who may be in the club, for form's sake bad better come up too." Skazi looked stupefied, bub went off. In a few seconds Mrs. Carruthers walked in and quiefly shut the door.. "I was leaving the club, but it was rain ing, and they could not get me a cab, when Madame Skazi came down and ordered the club to be closed and the servants to come up arid be searched. Yon need not doubt the servants. It was I who took your tiara." The half-dozen women assembled round the fire turned sharply at the words, and faced—Mrs. Carruthers. In her dowdy brown stiff gown, and with her timid, shrinking, air, more marked than usual, she seemed: so utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or' decision, that the Marchioness of Mayfair almost laughed. ' / Nob quiet-, though, tor held out before her, in the pale, thin fingers, and glittering in the 'firelight, was the lost- tiai a. : ' : " You took it, Mrs. Carruthers. You, the— — " "Finish the sentence, Lady Mayfair. I am the tliitf." He whjte face flushed as she said the word. " This is scarcely a time for jesting, Mrs. Carruthers. The original joke of hiding it .was not a good one if you ivill pardon me for saying so, bub really it is scarcely improvod by. this silly confession." : "lb is very kind of you ter give me a chance of getting out of it, l.ady Mayfair. but rcanuot': accept :it. I stole your tiara," I' meant to keep ib and scll .it. I was prevented from getting away, and I came to restore it and to throw myseii on your mercy." " You are crazy, Mrs. Carruthers." "I know f am, or at any rale .1 was, and I waut you to think so, and to forgive me for what J did when I was ihad, iiow that I confess Ivdieh l arh——- " ftane, quite so," " No, 'found. out' is the word." " Yoir really mean to say you stole this not intending. tp return ib ? '' . "I did." " In heaven.-s name, why ? " " Because to-night : I have -lost my last chance of restoring; what ! have stolen for' years and spent among yo.u.i Ib. may not have been much to-you, but ib was my. all:; I do :nofc blame you- -ib was: my own fault. . I'. thought 1 saw a chance of making what would be a little fortune to me. I saw others do it almost. every night I came, .and so little by little I have drawn out my son's fortune with .the idea . of : giving him my winnings. To night I made the last effort. To-morrow he comes of age and receives his commission only to learn that he is a beggar, and his. mother is a thief." The poor woman fell on her knees sob bing, " I did ib for the best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for my son's sake. Ihave wronged him enough. 1 was mad, forgive me. Forgive me for his sake." Ib was a truly pitiable sighc to see the poor woman sobbing on the floor as if her heart would break, and it was apparent everyone pitied her for the mad infatuation which had brought her into such a condition. Lady Mayfair took in the general feeling at a glance, and lifting her from the floor, led her away. Hardly had they loft the room when the Duchess of Marston said : " It seems to me obvious that we cannot have any scandal, and also that as ladies we cannot keep this boy's money. - Personally, I pity the woman, who seems really -sorry. We (must 'think -what is :bhei,besb: thing to be done under' the cii-cumstahces."' The next day Mrs. Carruthers received the following letter : — Madame, — The committee of En Cartes Club beg to accept your resigna tion, and in doing soconsider you should \- draw out your son's fortune which you have invested for him in the concern. They, however, had some time back . placed in the hands of Messrs. R , ... the well-known financiers, to whom they explained the circumstances the sum of £3,000, They very kindly consented to . accept the sum invested for your son in 7 per cent, debenture stock, which is redeemable in five years at £110.. He will thus be in receipt of £'210 a year, and at the end of five years will have the coupons, which shall be. forwarded to him, at #3,300.— The Hawk. WHAT DREAMS SIGNIFY. To dream of a millstone around your neck is a sign of what you may expect it you get fin extravagant wife. When a young lady dreams of a coffin it betokens that she should instantly give up lacing her stays tightly and always go warmly and thickly shod vn wet weather. To dream of a fire is a sign ' that, if you are wise, you will see that the lights in your house are all safely out before- you go to bed. To dream that your nose is red at the tip is a warning bhat-you had better leave .off brandy arid water. "If thereis anything I dislike," said Blig- gins as the Editor returned his witty effort, " it's a man who won't take a joke." It is never too late to mend. This is why. Ihe cobbler never bat yoqr lptOte done at the tjae proqaited, ' 