BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. ANNUAL SESSION. In tho Bathurst-stveet Baptist Church yesterday morning tiie annual session of the Baptist Union of Now South Wales was opened in tho customary manner. From 10 to 11 o'clouk there was a devotional service presided over by the Rev. W. R. Hiddlcstone, and well attended. From that hour until 110011 there was "prayer aud conference," Mr. T. Qlnssop presiding. The Rev. J. Straughon contri buted a paper on " Church Praise," and dis cussion thereon followed. BUSINESS SESSION. In tiie afternoon a business session was held, also in the church. There was a vory large attendance of ministers and delegates. The Rev. F. Hiwikbd, the retiring chair man, who presided, said that it was cus tomary on retiring from the chairman ship of the union to give a brief resumd of the work done during the year. When he took the chair ho had announced his intention of visitin" every church in the union before quitting that position. He had not, lie was sorry to say, reached liis ideal, for the hand of God had prevented him. Early after the annual meeting ho began to fulfil his promise, commencing with the work near at hand. A severe domestic atllietion, however, tied his hands for 15 or 16 weeks, so that his beautiful plan was marred before his eyes. There were, how ever, only a few churches that he had not seen. There was ono place lie had not pro mised to visit— that was Goulbnrn. But he hud been there twice, and on the last occasion had had the extreme pleasure of constituting a church and leaving it in working order. (Applause.) They had not only promised to +n-eak new ground during the year, but had done so. During tiie coming year he hoped tho union would put its hand on some other outly ing country town. (" Hear, hear. ) Taken all round it had been a year of great cordiality, and tiiey might thank God for a good amount of substantial pro gress. He thanked them for their courtesy to him during his term of ofiice ; he was thankful to retire and give plaeo to his honored brother, on wliose behalf he bespoke their Christian love and hearty co-operation. (Cheers.) The Rev. F. Hibberd then vacated the chair in favor of Mr. William VViute, the president elect. The Pkksioext, who was received with marked cordiality, thanked the union for the high honor conferred upon liiin, and said lie was well aware of the diiliculties of tho position, especially following such a man as Rev. F. Hibberd. But he felt that God would help him to iill the position satis factorily. ("Hear, hear.") Increased re sponsibility meant increased service, and increased service meant increased blessing. Being chairman of the union would be a blessing to him, and he intended so far as lay in his power to make it a blessing to the people. (Applause.) tub i, ate mil. .tames white. On the motion of the Rev. F. Hibberd, seconded by the Rev. F. E. Harry, it was resolved — That this session laments the dentil of the Into Air. James White, who for so many years proved himself a vnliudde friend and helper to the HaptiBt Union of flew .South Wales ; nntl while It recognises the great loss it has sustained by his removnl from active service on earth, it thankfully records its ad miration of tiie nulile Christian life he lived, the loyalty lie displayed to our denomination, aud thu practical Interest he took in nil enterprises which tended to advance tiie Kingdom of Christ on the earth. It tenders its loving sympathy to his sor rowing wife and family in their painful bereave ment, and commends them to the Father of Mercies and tiie God of all comfort, praying that he may bestow upon them strong consolation and good hope through grace of meeting him whose dentil they mourn, in the presence of the King where there is fulness of joy. Tho resolution was carried by the whole of those present rising and singing "Eor ever with the Lord." a DISTINGUISHED VI.SITOIt. Aliss Demiess, of Commilla, India, the senior lady - missionary und superinten dent of tho New South Wales Baptist Mission work in India, who is at present visiting Sydney on furlough, was cordially welcomed by tho president and heartily applauded by the delegates. Miss Denucss is one of the principal speakers at the Zenana breakfast at Petersham on Fri day morning. new (juukohes and new ministers. The new churches at Goulbnrn and Bal- main were received into the union, and the following new ministers wero received and welcomed by tho chairman and cordially ap plauded by their fcllow--delegates : — The Revs. W. A. Southwell, J. D. 'Graham, J. Mayo, J. J. Chaseburg, J. Hodgson anil F. 15\. Harry. the vice-chairman. The Rev. W. Tayi.dk moved that tho Rev. W. Coller be elected vice-president for the ensuing year with a view to being elected president for the year following. Mr. R. Nape seconded, and said that Mr. Coller was one of their best workers — one always at his post, and one who had always thrown his heart into the work of the union. He was a man really quite competent to till tiie position to which they wore about to elect him— would fill it with honor to him self, and with honor to the denomination. (Applause.) The Rev. >S. Jones (Newcastle) cordially supported tho resolution, which was carried amid applause. other officers. The Rev. F. 15. Harry was appointed secretary to the_ union for the ensuing year, and Mr. J. Wells re-appointed treasurer. The Rev. S. Jones) of Newcastle, was elected preacher for the ensuing year. church reports. Reports from thu various churches were then submitted. In eaeli case they wero of a satisfactory character, spiritually anil tem porally. During the. year there has been an' increase in membership of 200, thero have been 225 baptisms, and the total membership of the churches in the union now stands at 2015. Tho secretary's annual report stood over until the following afternoon. doctrinal t1asis ofunion. Mr. Nall asked what steps were likely to be taken with regard to the motion " ro doctrinal basis of union," of which notice had been given at the last annual meeting by Mr. James White. The I'kksi dent said that the matter stood on tho notice paper for the following day, and that Mr. Martin would take it up. EVENING MEETING. The evening meeting was held in the Harris-street church, Rov. M. Morris, of Tamworth, presiding and preaching the annual sermon, the Rev. H. Clnrk presiding at tlio united Communion with which the service concluded. Tho Rov. M. Morris selected for his toxt, Acts ix. 31, " Then had the churches rest . . anil wore editied ; and walking in the fear of tho Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, wero multiplied." There was, lie feared, too great a tendency at tho present time to desert from the simplicity of the early churches, and introduce a variety and complexity that was in ill accord with the systems of tho first Christians. Those early members of Christianity were socialis tic and communistic, nnd he believed in his heart that if the church of Christ to-day were carrying out the New Testament prin ciples in their entirety, there would be no occasion for the outside world to point the finger of scorn at it. Wliero God wus tho fatlior of all, and all men wero brothers by that common fatherhood, there would bo some chance of help and assistance being given to all who were in need ; if thero wero more of tho early Chris tian simplicity in tho world there would be no unemployed spectacle, and none of tlioso political jargons that were so confusing to men's minds just now. And yet there was civil and religious liberties und freedom to worship how the spirit desired, privileges wliich were denied to those who fought the light of the church in tho early stages of its history. Especially were these privileges to bo enjoyed ill Australia, where a wide, a fair, aud a great field was open for religious enterprise und thought. In tho coining year lie hoped that everyone who had tho causo of his religion at heart would do all he could to advance that religion and bring into the world of to-day the simplicity, the beauty, and the truth which characterised the works of the first members of the church of Christ. 