EXPIATION. A STORY OF THE CHILIAN REVOLT. Br F. W. EVASS, in Chambers' Miscellany. ' in two chapters. CHAPTER T. | It was tbe month of Jaunary, tbe year I 1891 Summer in CbilL Tbe Republic was in a state of uneasiness and ferment. Tbe Parliament and tbe President were i embarking oo a struggle for tbe supre- i mecy, a contest whicb, from tbe deter- i mination expressed on both sides, t promised to be bitterly fongbt oat and exhanstive. Partisanship ran bigb. A f wholesome dread of Balmaceda and bis ; merciless method of dealing with his ! enemies caused many people to cooceal | their true sympathies ; yet there was | little doubt bnt that the adherents of j the Congressional party were the \ strongest in number. The muorifcv of | the upper class, with true conservatism, ; snpporied the President in his endeavour : to attain something like autocratic powers. Among his adherents was c Colonel Enrique de Nardez, descendant of an old and ennobled Spanish family, i In tbe war of '61, Nardez did yeoman service ; and in all her troubles, Chili | bad no braver, better defender than be. | Enjoying the respect and admiration of | all classes, Nardez did not gain, and I indeed did not seek, tbe affection of any. | Acharacter stern and unbending, carrying I into all tbe relations of life ihe strictness E of the military martinet, bad yet in its I innermost recess one spark of truer humanity in a deep-seated and lasting I love for George, bis motherless son. | Lietenant George de Narlez held a I commission in the navy. Neither expense I nor trouble had been spared in bis train- ling. A liberal education, concluding at k German university, and embracing a engthy visit to the United States, had liven George broader views and less introspective egotism than tbe average Khilian. In person he was of average eight and averge good looks, the latter enhanced by a frank and charming smile. He was as mnch attached to his feather as the latter to him. Their only disagreements were political. George vas suspected, and not withont reason, of feieiog more inclined to favour the Parlia ment than the President. Many sharp words and a few heated arguments, had ; Biassed between father and son on the Subject, without, however, disturbing Kbeir mutual affection. Within the last lev days, bowever, a subject of dispute fead arisen which threatened graver con- eqnences. I There was at the same time redding En the same town a widow lady named Gorman, relict of a prosperous corn- nerchant of Santiago, an Irishman, who came to Chili forty years previously to peek his fortune, found it, and, indifferent to the flashing beauty of the Chilian damsels, journeyed home to tbe Green (Island, and brought back as his wife a (Scottish girl, whom be found there visiting. The only child of tbe marriage was a daughter, Ada, who was born in 11871\. The mixture of Scottish and Irish blood in ber veins had produced a beautiful woman. Tbe best qualities of both nations met in ber person ; the large, dark, speaking eyes — inherited Broin her mother — looked out from and (lit np a face aB clear and delicately com- tplcxioned as it is only possible for a healthy happy maideu to possess. Her no3e was not of tbe strictly aquiline type, (nor her month such an apology for one as we Eee depicted in fashion plates ; but the two safe lips were tbe most tempting in the world. Without being tall, she had a deliciously shaped figure. Altogether, she was a lovable girl, in manner and character as pleasing as she was physically charming. George de Nardez met her and succumbed. To his intense delight, she proved not indifferent to his Bociety and, after a short conrt- Iship, they became engaged, not, however, withont the strongest opposition on the part of her mother, who was against the step being taken without the consent or I at least knowledge of George's father. I 'George, however, had pleaded bo strongly, urging the unsettled state of -one country ana ms iianiiity w uecaueu away on duty at a moment's notice,that the old iady reluctantly assented to an immediate engagement. It was more difficult to reconcile her to the conceal ment of the fact from tbe old Colonel. George was not at fault in thinking his father wonld be opposed to the matcb. Troth to tell, the Colonel had other and more ambitious matrimonial views for his son. His heart had long been set on uniting his Bon to one who coald bring not only wealth, but that rank and position which the old aristocrat wor shipped. Snch a one he had in view for some time, bnt had not divulged bis views until assured of the willingness of the lady's relatives. Learning at least that this assent would not be wanting, he at tbe next opportunity broached the subject to his soo, only to be startled and shocked to find an obstacle in his path of so formidable a nature aB George's love for and engagement to another womsD. The two men were sitting in the : verandah room of their honse in the sabnrbB of Santiago, when the elder sprang his mine, and tbe yonnger the countermine. The Colonel rose to his feet and paced tbe room with long de- k jiuoiabo ainues. ue was paipauiy greauy E disturbed and surprised; bnt in the I straight stern lines of bis sbaven, far- E rowed foes there was no sign of bending 1 from his path. George sat on a chair listening attentively and answer- ing his father respectfully. 1 cin- not, father,' he was saying. ' Even if I were not in love with Ada, I could not now draw back ; I have passed any word.' ' That can easily be arranged,' said the old man quickly, pausing in. his I walk; 'those people will listen to I reason.' 'I hope not!' ' Ton fool — nngratefol fool ! is this tbe reward of all my care and affection T I 'lam very sorry Indeed, fethqi'jnbre so than yon can ; 'Oh George.'interrnpted the Colonel,; 'I implore you give np— give npj ior my sake, all idea of this this eonuec- tion, and take the wife I offer ; yqg I handsome, educated, rich, an4 >,«efiheA K That fa the unfa ;fior ybuT'iny daughter of our beat blood. ' How ican I you refuse uuch'an offer, "and ,preC«r n' I Stop '', thnndered Ceorge, ntartihg up with An angry gesture. 'TSbdj quietly bnt determinedly : ' Father, I cannot do as yon wish.' ' Ton mean yon will not.' 'I cannot, and will not. I love Ada with my whole heart and sonl. We are betrothed, and, God sparing as, I will marry ber.' ' Bnt yon sball not !' Who — what will, prevent me I I am of age. — Oil father 1 if you ever cared for me, be good to me now. Wonld yon have me take a step whicb wouid not only shot oat every hope of happiness for me in this world, but would cause me to despise myself for the rest of my days ?' 'Ton talk like a boy. Ton would forget in twelve months. She, in less.' George's face lit np with a lover's faitb. ' Never, never P he replied ; ' and I will marry her — yes, to-morrow.' This last with sadden impulsiveness. ' Ton are determined t' ' Tes.' Very well, we shall see. Now go !' When the Colonel spoke in this manner, there was nothing to do but to obey. After tke yonog man retired, the elder continued pacing np and down the room, displaying, bowever, more agitation than he had allowed himself to show in his son's presence. He was indnring a great inward straggle. He stopped in his walk every now and then, as though struck by some fresh idea, and then, withaneloqnent despairinggestnre, resumed his promenade. At length be sat down at a desk and hurriedly wrote a letter. Having folded and directed it, he placed it in his pocket and left the house. Meanwhile, George, on leaving his father, had walked quickly into the city and wended his way to the honse .of his betrothed's mother. The ladies were not at home when he arrived ; bnt he elected to wait, and thus gained time to snbdne bis agita'ion and attain at least outward calmness before they came in. Control as he might, however, he coald not entirely conceal his excitement. Ada was was qnick to see something untoward had occurred, and it was not long before George had informed them of all that had passed between his father and himself. The elder lady was of course, inclined to temporise ; and, regarding tbe Colonel's consent as an almost indis pensable condition, would not at first hear of anything bnt submission and patience. I wonld be patient to wait,' said George — ' wait for years, bnt I know it wonld be in vain. Nothing will influence my father. I know him. If I don't marry Ada now, at once, I shall not have another opportunity.' 'I don't understand that,' said the widow. ' My father has enormnns influence. He has tbe ear of the President,' ex plained George ; 'and he will etop at nothing, hesitate at no measure to prevent oar marriage. He could have me sent away — practically banished.' ' What do you propose V said Mrs. Gorman, hesitatingly. ' I told my father we would be married to-morrow. Whatever steps he takes, will be in view of that. I mast aDtici- patejiim. It mnst bs done at once,- before he moves.' ' What 1 to-day 1 Tou think to be married to-day I' Tes, with Ada's consent.' He turned to his sweetheart and took her hand. ' Will yon, Ada,' he asked pleadingly— 1 will yon marry me to-day 1' Tbe girl's eyes filled with tears, and saying Tea,' she bnrst out crying. ' He will take you from me, George, even after we are married.' No, not that. When he knows we have taken the irrevocable step, his opposition will cease. He won't fight mountains, and would not stoop to revenge.' Ada turned an imploring look towards her mother, and that mate appeal moved her more than the man's arguments. 'Well,' she said at length, 'if it can be managed, I consent. — When, where, and how do yon suggest %' she continued, addressing George. ' This evening, at San Jose de Ferrara. I will tro at once and make all arrange- ments.' Ada went np to her lover and patting one hand on hisahonlder, looked straight into his eyes. ' To-morrow, George I ' she said ; ' let me be my mother's till to morrow.' It cannot be, Ada. To-morrow — to night may be too late,' replied George. One moment's hesitation, then Ada yielded ; and the widow held out her hand to George, saying, As yon will. The young "man kissed them both affectionately, and, promising to be back in an boar, harried away. Tbe ladies set aboat making sncb preparations as the short time allowed would permit ; bat even this was cnrtriled, tbe sound of great excitement in the streets attracting them to the windows. Crowds of people were oat, and speedily the news spread : ' Civil war had broken oat !' The Congress troops had taken the field. Before the hour expired, George returned. He also had heard the news, and hastened to reassure the ladies by his presence. 'This is an additional reason for harrying the marriage, 'he said; 'I have arranged everything.' & taw uncus snoseqnently, a small party of six persons, consisting of George Gardez and his bride, the latter's mother, with a lady friend, and two officers in civilian dress — friends of tbe bride groom—emerged from tile little chapel of San Jase de Ferrara, and entering a couple of hired carriages, drove away. By. this time tbe streets were in an uproar.. JEhe groatest excitement was visible everywhere and in everybody. Shooting and singing, laughing and dringing-itroops -marchlng, bands play ing.. Etrange ihat nothing bnt war, cruel yar, could cause eo mnch of what lookKllRcejoy. V As theoridal party entered the street excitement seemed to be concentrated, centred, rinonergjol sind flfihat the door 'pfMrA'Gbrman'ehooBe. - Asmalicrowjl he#emidptofyrhufliahamber; pf riatforins; wwevdisMrnible. Aii thB carriages drove pp. the crowd panted and teWMBflit-TjiewidopVfacenBsnnma fmexpression of pnzzled Anger.iand she Instinctivdytarned aninhgrtjyelook lis wMW as aesth j but r his I emotion as well as hecould,he descended, I handed ont tbe two elder ladies, and then ! tamed to. assist his bride. As she came down in his arms, she i whispered : ' What is ir, George V ' Before he coald answer, the officer in | charge of the soldiers stepped forward, touched him on the arm and said : | « Lieutenant George de Nardez ! I I tbinkf ' The same, sir. What is it f 'Ton must come with me. Ton are arrested.' ' Arrested ! On what charge ?' The words were words of surprise, but there was no astonishment visible in George's face. Ada, who had watched his face intently with her arm within his, now withdrew it, and stole it protectingly round his shoulder. ' I arrest yon on a charge of being inimical to the Government,' said the officer formally. ' I have just been married, faltered George, unconscious in his agitation of the irrelevancy of his reply. ' I am deeply, trnly sorry to have such a duty to perform and at snch an hoar,' said the officer ; ' hot I mast cany ont my orders. I can only grant" yon five minutes' grace, and in doing tbat shall be straining my discretion.' I' May I enter tbe bonse and bid my wife farewell V ' Certainly. I have yonr parole 1' ' Tes. I thank you.' At the expiration of five minates, George reappeared and surrendered. One of the bridal carriages was chartered. George took his seat ; and then, with his captor by his side instead of his bride, and two armed soldiers for bridesmaids, be was driven away to spend his wedding night in prison. The military priaoo to which George was conveyed was bnt partly filled on his arrival ; bnt within a few hoors prisoners began to file in rapidly. The emissaries or cne Jrresiucui naa, on roe nrsn sign cu active rebellion, laid their band on ail known or suspected opponents within reach. The yonng lietenant passed a very bitter night. In addition to the agony of sucb a parting and a great anxiety as to bis wife's bearing under the shock, be was tormented by the nncer- taioty connected with his arrest. Was it due to his father's action, or solely to bis own political opinions 1 1n the former case, he might hope for a speedy release when the fultiiity of the step became manifest. The morning dragged slowly on witbont anything arising to resolve this donbt. About noon, however, and before the meal hoar, footsteps approached his cell. The door was opened, and Ada and her mother entered, accompanied by Don Manual Palido, a lawyer and friend of the family. George sprang to his feet, aod witbont a word the lovers were in each other's arms. The other two turned away for a moment, respecting alike the bitterness and the bliss of the meeting. Time, however, is precions at a iiiouu tuierview. Dun Palido spoke, and addressing George, said : ' I have obtained per mission for this meeting with great trouble and some risk. It mast only last a quarter of an honr. Make the most of it. Why are yon here 1 Have yon been formally charged T ' No. I know nothing beyond what the officer said when arresting me,' re plied George. ' And what was V 'That I was arrested as inimical to the Government — meaning, I preBnme, the President.' 'Do yon know the CongresB party is in open rebellion f ' I learned it yesterday.' ' That lends seriousness to yonr arrest-' ' I have reason for thinking my ap prehension on that charge was a mere rase.' ' How ? Ton mnst be candid.' George looked at Ada, as though he wonld spare her. She saw and rightly interpreted the glance, and taking his hand in'hers, said: 'Go on, George. I have a right to know everything now, and strength to hear anything.' ' Well, you mast know,' said George, addressing Palido, ' my father was op- posed to our marriage. At onr last meeting yesterday we had high -words on the snbject. When he saw I wonld not yield to persuasion, he threatened to prevent bar anion at any cost and I fancy he may have need his influence and cineed my arrest in order to attain this object' ' Is that possible 1' said the lawyer. 'Thinking, no donbt,' continued George, ' to frighten me into submission, and relying on bis position aod influence to prevent any ' At this moment the cell door was again opened and Colonel Nardez entered. He was evidently prepared to find others there, aod bowed courteously at the ladies, while greeting the lawyer by name. He then turned to his son ; bat the old fearless look was gone from his eyes, and his glance was hesitating and shifty. The old soldier was ashamed, and to cover his embarrassment assumed an overbearing manner. ' Well,' said he, 'I hope yon have come, to yoor senses I' ' Have I been withont them 1' queired George. ' Ton have been mad !' ' This isn't exactly the place to care madness.' No, bnt folly— yes ! 'Let me assure yon, father, that mine is a folly, if yon chose to call it so, (hat no time will care or any coercion diminish.' ' Are yon aware of the terrible posi tion in whicb yon standi queried the elder man. I am,- and also to whose unnatural action I owe it.' The random shot hit ihe mark, and George's spirits rosa. He was mnch the calmer and more collected of the two. 'Why did yen defy me? The liAlfmd'fi'vnlea faltuti. .He began to display great agitation. I coald not do otherwise father — . conld not Forgive me now for not -obeying yoa in this. Take me oat "of this, l presamo that as yoa had me confined, yon can also have me released 1 ' God knows,' mqnredl the father, ' I am myself ooai»nnotaMy' under ahs- nlcion now.- Oh, why tiidlyou dely ose J' the reiterated, andjSmrpSraB - sbmetidng jto hfaloneWS w«lfi'jhe wprfs ihat roneed apprehension: en;"; ' ' Will you give this — this idea — this marriage np !' dropped slowly from his lips, "and he looked eagerly into bis son's face. ' I cannot — on my hononr, I cannot It is mnch t-<o late,' replied George firmly. ' Would you rather — remain, a prisoner 1' ' If that fa the alternative — Tes 1' ' Will yoa remain a prisoner antil — until some morning yoa are taken ont and shot? demanded the Colonel in a low voice of.euppressed anxiety. ' What will that profit yon ? Ton conld not marry then.' 'I am not going to mtrry again,' said George with a ghost of a smile. 'Again ! Why, what do yon mean f. George tool Ada by tbe hand, and advancing a step, presented her formally to the C donel. ' My wife,' said he. ' We were married yesterday.' Tbe old man started as thoaeh be bad been strnck ; then he bowed low. Wben he stood again upright, all the assumed sternness had passed out of his face, and an ill -concealed anxiety and remorse taken its place. He did not, conld not' speak. His better nature, his strong' natural affection for his son, was con quering the pride and obstinacy of his character. At the moment when the straggle was at its fiercest, Ada threw herself on her knees at his feet, 8obbing. The scale was turned. The old soldier lifted the girl geotly, looked at her a moment critically, and ktS8ed ber. Then turning to hie eon, he extended his hand with a gesture of reconciliation. Fur a moment the three were locked to gether in an embrace. Then the elder loosened himself and spoke. ' I should be on my knees now, praying and beg ging for pardoo,' be said fiercely. Mrs. Gorman and Don Palido had been silent but interested spectators of the moving eceoe, hot at this juncture the lawyer interposed. ' Permit me.' bo said, ' to congratulate you all round on the understanding arrived at. Now, I advise strongly that no time be lost in effecting your eon's release. In the present state of affairs, he is in a critical positioD.' ' Ton are right,' said tbe Colonel : ' it mnet be done at once.' ' May I ask, Colonel,' continued tbe lawyer, 'if yon were instrumental in cansing his arrest? 'Tes, was tbe low reply. 'It was only to be a temporary measure.' ' Then yon can manage his releass speedily ¥ The Colonel was silent ; a terrible anxiety fastened on the others. ' Tes, I suppose so. I don't know ! Oh miserable father that I am ! I will go at once ; bnt I fear the shadow of sas- pioion has fallen on me. God grant I may be mistaken I' ' What steps do yon propose to 'ake !' asked the lawyer. ' Can I be of any assistance 1' ' I will Bee. Balmaceda at once, and state the entire facts. He can scarcely refuse me a favour.' But where is he 1 He left the capital last night.' The Colonel bit his lip with vexation. ' I will follow him,' he eaid. 1 1 can enrely find ont his whereabouts. I mnst' see him personally. I could do nothing with any of the others.' ' Then come at once. I mnst escort the ladies home, and then am at yonr disposal, if I can be of any ose what ever. Colonel Nardez turned to his son, and claspiog his hand, said : ' Cheer np, George ; I have every hope of enccess. He cannot turn against me or refuse any reasonable request of mine. Be of good heart, my son. Forgive me, if yon can now ; bnt I mnst wait until yon are free before I can ask yonr pardon.' 'Ton have it freely now, father. Whatever happens, X know yon have done nothing bnt in care of me.' Steps were heard in the corridor. ' Time is np,' said Don Palido ; ' we have trespassed already.' Before George conld Idas his bride good-bye, the chief of . the prison entered accompanied by another official and a warder. ' Colonel de Nardez,' said the uiok-unuicUj juu ubu imimisoiwu art# ruis the prison and have an interview with yonr son. I regret to inform yon that yonr visit most be prolonged.' What do you mean? demanded the Colonel sternly. This gentleman will explain,' said the chief, indicating his companion. ' I am the bearer of orders from tbe President,' said tbe official, ' ordering the arrest and detention of Colonel de Nardez, who has become suspected of intriguing against tbe Government.' 'There must be some mistake,' said the Colonel in esperation. ' I am one of his Excellency's friends.' His Excellency is become mietrnstfnl of his friends,' remarked the official dryly. ' However, my task is ended. — I leave Colonel de Nardez in yonr custody ,' he concluded, addressing the jailer. ' Permit me,' said the latter, indicat- ing roe noor. The old Colonel turned on his son a look of the keenest remorse and appeal, and then followed hfa custodian from the cell. No further time was granted to the others, and they were compelled to take a hasty farewell, crashed and desperate n e ilia t-nvn affaSna hfrf) f.JpM). (rflflrffB still had spirit to whisper : ' Courage, my darling ; it will not be for long. Balmaceda will be surely beaten, and then' A ferveot kiee concluded the sentence, and a minute afterwards George was alone. CHAPTER. IL \- Weeks,- months, passed. The civil war continued with varying fortune. One day tbe Congress party gained some advantage, on another the Presidents troops were reported to have gained a brilliant victory. ; Not that there was any reliable -news published : - a strict censorship had been- established, with sne reran unis qnve uauyw » decisive wictory/stid-'iB severe defeat a ttinporary"chec£ "'iNot everybody was misled by thle-i device. Tbe actual fortunes of the ««o known to many, and oh Impiresnon ; was gaining grouted ailyjanopgst; those better.- far farinadjffiattherop»ted«uti»9Bee«ifMie Coiigronisfa fcermlfeofMte .wstf lSn their favour. The behaviour qof Balmsceda himself hntibriWMX!L!®?hWtin -',e chief cities j ond, in ohowipg increased severity towards his prisoners and terrorising every one of whom be had the Isast suspicion, he. displayed tbe tyrant's premonition of impending dis aster. It was almost possible to tell how tbe war progressed by observing his conduct towards his prisoners. Execu tions were becomiug terribly common. The formality of trial was scarcely observed, in many caves entirely dispensed with. Ada and her m.ither had a terribly trying time. Suffering the cruellest tortures of suspense and anxiety on her husband's behalf, the yonng girl hid to restrain and snbdne every manifestation of it, to refrain froaa all inquiry, lest suspicion should light on them and worse happen. She bad not seen her husband since that one meeting in the prison. Amongst tbe firBt of tbe President's orders after the outbreak of war was tbat prohibiting all intercourse between prisoners and their friends. One day, a few months after George's incarceration, rumours of an affair betwean the two armies reached the town. The Government industriously circulated the report that-the rebels had made an nnsnccevsful attack ; but, in spite of_everything, it leaked ont tbat,' on the contrary, the -President's troops had 8nstained a serious reverse. There was much secret rejoicing among the partisans of the Congreis party, mingled with apprehensions as to what Btioiacidx wonld do in the way of reprisal, appre hensions which gathered terror wben it was seen next day tbat, for the first time, the defeat of the Government was openly asserted. It was said tbat Balmaceda was more enraged at this display of temerity and confidence than at the defeat itself. The populace was .tremendously ex cited. What bnsiness was done was transacted in feverish haste. Towards evening, rumours of severe measures of reprisal bpgao to circulate, and the rejoicing of the Congresviooists gave way co tne most gloomy apprehensions as to the fate of their imprisoned com rades. At an early hoar oa the following moroing Don Fulido arrived at Mrs. Gorman's honse and asked for an immediate interview. Ada came down with her mother, and both were tremb ling with excitement, knowing that nothing bnt news of importance would have caused so early a visit. Wben Ada saw tbe lawyer's face and read the look of pily in it, her heart ssemed to stop. She gasped and sobbed out : ' O God ! what is it ? Then turning to the elder lady, jast said : ' Oh dear mother !' and fell into her arms. The terror and tronble of the last few months had left their marks on the yonog wife. A deep line between the eyes testified to the continual pressure of despairing thought, and the pallid cheeks and swollen eyes bore witness to many a sleepless, tearful nigh:. 'I must speak to you alone,' said Don Palido, addressing Mr'. Gorman. No, no !' cried Ada. ' Let me know now, ac once, uui ne is aeaa i ne is dead >' ' Not at all.' The words were reassuring, but the tone and inflection were anything but cheering. ' He is not dead,' lesumed the lawyer, ' and yon may see him soon.' ' Free ?' 'No! — Now, let me speak to your, mother.' ' Why not tell me? What is it? Who has a better right than I to hear? Is it about George? 'Tea; but I can only tell your mother. Ton will know all very soon. Please Ada went away reluctantly. ' Tou have bad news, I see,' eaid the -widow as the door closed. 'I have — terrible news. Beforecomiog here, I have taken every psius to verify it, and ' 'Don't keep us in auspenee. What is it ? ' George is condemned to death !' ' To death ! For what ? 'Ask the brntal tyrant,' began the lawyer, bnt checked himself and paosed. Mrs. Gorman was dumb. ' Bilmscedi chooses to asssrt tbat his late defeat iB doe to the plots and machinations between the enemy and some of the suspected prisoners. Seven of them are on this ground to be shot to-day. I have seen the list.' ' How conld they do any harm in prison ? ' There is no reason in it. It is a transparent device: A stroke of revenge and an attempt to strike terror.' Oh my poor child ! Is there no hope ?' ' I fear not, unless onr — the Congress troops reach here and capture the prison before nine o'clock this morniog, aod that' Ie impossible. My poor child I' ' If you thiek it advisable, I think I conld gain permission for a last inter view ; hot the time is short, very short.' ' I will tell Ada, and be guided by her bearing. God help me to support her. My dear, dear child ! Poor George ! —Will you wait a few minutes, my friend ? 'Of course! But lose no time, if you decide to see him again.' The widow left the room. She was absent about ten minutes, and returned, accompanied by her daughter. The lawyer looked closely to see what effect the fatal intelligence had had oo tbe girl, bnt she was already dressed for going oat, and the npper part .of her face was hidden by a veil, and only tbe the -drooping, quivering lips were to be Been, visibly telling die agony of the' soiely stricken heart, 'Shall we go? whispered the old laffy- ' Tes,' assented the lawyer. He bent an inquiring look on the mother, in dicating Ada with a motion of hiB head which meant, ' Does she know all ? ; Mrs. Gorman nodded assent p atside the door, a conveyance was writing, into which the three mounted, biiiI owrAiimmn riff Tt!a_rl«r «a ll: ' vaa the. town was astir. Littie knots of men were conversing eagerly st etreet corners and crossings ; women- ond . children looked outr from -e veiy door and window. Whilst driving through one of the main etreets,>i mancn1hemdekw<kmdat'lad to the driver to stop, 'atad,tomIng op to (hefartiage wteriutown earnest wufpered ponverfatipnwithpon Palido, tfiieend Of srificdihemade offhorriedly, hfah%Ihe!adies'syi(thetically. jlfasdaab ncdhufabat his faW bghteiiiiii shdhe l66Ked homewhat less despondent. After leaving tbe town they saw several carriages driving quickly in the same direction, aud a thin s rirm of people onf-.i-.t miking towards the prison. Don Pu'ido looked out eagerly and anx'ously from side to side as they drove oo. Ada was sitting quirtly, looking oat with that fixed seeing gaze that tells of thoughts ton in tense f ir speech. ' Her face wore a terrible expressed grief. Don Palido looked at ber, and her agony seemed to move him strongly. He leaned forward and whispered : ' There is to be an attempt at rescue. There is every hops — successfully ' — Hush ! not a word. Mrs. Gorman was palpably cheered ; but Ada had not heard, or, hearing, had not understood. She looked straight ahead, now with an eager, penetrating glance, "8 though she would overcome distance and all obstacles and see her lover- husband. At last they come in sight of the prison, a low building surrounded by a high wail, the roof alone being visible from the outside. A number of people were present in scattered groups, kept, however, at a respectful distance from the . prison walls by a cordon of soldiers. Tbe carriage drove up until its progress was arrested by an officer. ' Tou cannot advance,' said he. ' I must see the Chief,' said the lawyer; -tneseiaaies are relatives ot one of the condemned, and ' ' Hush !' said the officer, solemnly. There came a peculiar clicking sound from within the walls. Then a sharp voics rang out ! One word ! A roll of musketry I A little cloud of smoke I The officer turned. ' Tou were too late. It is over.' He pointed t a Ada, who had fainted. ' What is the meaning of it? excitedly qneri- d the lawyer. 1 It was fixed for nine o'clock.' Tbe man smiled. 'There were rumours of a rescue. To defeat it, the execution was put forward ao hour. From the hour when this atrocious deed was perpetrated,the tide appeared to set stronger than ever agaioBt Balmaceda. Condemned by public opinion, deserted by many of Lis best supporters, harassed by ao open enemy who outmaneeavred and outfought bis troops, he hastened to his end. Shortly after the rxecitioo, Mrs. Gorman and Ada removed to Valparaiso, intending to sail thence to England. Associations were to) painful to permit of their remaining in the country. It was bowever. not fonnd an easy matter to aettle their bnsiness affairs in (he unsettled state of the country, and they were compelled to linger on daring all the later stages of the rebellion. The repeated successes of the iusurgents had incited tbe President to snch a degree of tyranny aod severi-y that, outside his armed followers, he had few or no ad herents. The great bulk of the populacs were wishing and praying for his down fall. In the beginning of August it was reported tn.it a numoer ot toe Santiago prisoners had made their escape aod fled, hotly chased to the mountains. Whether they evaded their pursuers or were overtaken and massacred was not known. They were not brought back. At last ths crisis was reached. The Congress troops effected a landing on the c last, aud marched on Valparaiso. The President's army went out to meet them, and a week of desultory skirmish ing took place, culminating in a great battle. In tha result, Balmaceda' s army was practic illy destroyed, and he him self became a fugitive. The victorions troops entered Valparaiso amid the acclamations and rej "icings of the In habitants. A nu mb3r of vessels which had been hovering about the port, awaiting the result of the fighting, now came bodly in and discharged a crowd of exiled and proscribed citizens. On the day following the entry of the visitors, Ada and her mother ventured out into the streets. The town was io a state of disorder and tumult, as was to be expected, but the work of restoring order had begun. Tbe two ladies stopped to read a proclamation on a wall, and while doing so, a well-known voice behind them exclaimed In ft invfnl -tone : ' Ada ! Tou here !' Turning ronnd quickly, they saw — George de Nardez. The two thns ac costed, apparently by one from tbe grave, turned pale, trembled, and looked questioningly from oue to the other. What does this mean ? said George. 'Dj yon not kcow me?' Ada was the first to recover. She reached out her band with a piteous gestare, half incrednlons half rapturous, and said : ' George, my dear George ! are yon alive ?' The young man convinced her of his vitality by an ardent embrace. Then they tarned homewards, George refusing to give or hear any explanations until they were safe indoors. Here they re lated their story — of the lawyer's visit, and his communication of the death sentence, of their drive to tbe prison oaly to reach it in time to hear the rattle of the musketry, carrying, as they thoaght, death to him and desolation to themselves. ' Don Polido was mistaken, I suppose, George? said Ada io conclusion ; 'you were not among the condemned.' ' Most assuredly I waq' replied George. r.nfc mn toll vnn nil. T had BeTOPffl — — — # interviews with my father whilst we were confined. He showed the deepest sorrow and remorse forhis actiontowards me, and I believe, was unceasing in hie efforts to obtain my release ; bnt he had lost all his influence. One morning we were all called into the corridor. Father was amongst us, and managed to whisper to me" th >t my name wonld be called, amongst a number of others, for transference to another prison, that he would answer "to it, and take my place, as. be had great hopes by so doing of obtaining au eu iienca with the Pre sideut. Of course I assent id, knowing hehad sources of information notcommon to all the prisoners. Welt, the names were called out, -mine amongst them. Father stepped forward and took my place. As he passed me he slipped a letter into my hand. The remaioder of ue were reconducted fa our cells. Soon after I heard the sound of firing, birt I badAO idea what it.meant.' George, paused— he was deeply affected. kJ3mtw> listeners were in tears: they fadpiessed'tbe reet. 'r ; ; ' "" ' Ob dr l aai t liavefreen abasing him sofrifaly,':SaId Ada. Ilooked at ihe letter,' oantioued George, ' and found it marked, ' To be opened when you are freed. If. that should not take place before ?jx mouths elaps, or in ths event of ac, -thing hap pening to you, to bs sent tu y-mr wrf;.' I put it carefuTy away. Weeks and weeks passed, and 1 had almost given np all hops of seeing yonr dear face again, my dariiDg. By-aud-bv th- surveillance of our gaolers relaxed- . I believe they were being d I'll'- a upon join the army. We managed ta <:s abiL-b communication with eich other, and. than with some friends oufaifa. -A plan of escape wai formed, which succeeded. Eight of as got awiy, and reached the mountains. We had a bird bitter time of it— cold and hunger, weariness and despair, were also withes; bnt at last we reached the cobs', and found u steamer, which brought us here just in time to hear of ths tyrant's defeat.' ' And t hs letter, George ?' ' Here it is !' JlY dear SON — ion are condemned to be shot this morniog. I, by whose folly this bad been brought about, will take yonr place and your bullet. Too may still have to suffer, bnt at least you have, another chance. I have done everything on earth to save yon. I will die for you now, iu the hope of sparing you to your wife, and earning her forgiveness and yours. Enrique de Nardez. 