Salvini Criticises Henry Irving. In the " Century Magazine" there is running a series of " Leaves from the Autobiography of Sal vini," and in the September issue the great Italian actor, finds occasion to record his impressions of Mr. Irving more especially with regard to the actor manager's rendering of Hamlet. He says:-I waa very anxious to see the illustrious English artist ia that part, and I secured a box and went to the Lyceum. I waa resognised by nobody, and remain- ing as it were concealed in my box, I had a good opportunity to satisfy my curiosity. I arrived afc the theatre a little too late, so that I missed the scene of Hamlet in presence of the ghost of his father, the scene which, in my judgment, contains the clue to that strange character, and from which all the synthetic ideas of Hamlet are developed. I was in time to hear only the last words of the oath of secrecy. I was struck by the perfection of the stage-setting. There was a perfect imitation of the effect of moonlight, which at the proper times flooded the stage with its rays or loft it in dark» ness. Every detail was excellently and exactly reproduced. The scene was shifted, and Hamlet began his allusions, his sallies of sarcasm, his senten- tious sayings, his points of satire with the courtiers, who sought to study and to penetrate tbe senti- ments of the young prince. In this scene Irving was simply sublime ! His mobile face mirrored his thoughts. The subtle penetration of hiB phrases, so perfect in shading and incisiveness, showed him to be a master of art. I do not believe there is an actor who can 6tand beside him in this respect, and I was so much impressed by it that at the end of the second act I said to myself, " I will not play Ham- let. Mapleson can say what he likes, but I will not play it ;" and I said it with the fullest resolution. In the monologue, " To be, or not to be," Irving was admirable ; in the scene with Ophelia he waa deserving of the highest praise ; in that of the I Players he was moving, and in all this part of the play he appeared to my eyes to be the most perfect interpreter of that eccentric character. But fur- ther on it was not so, and for the sake of art I regretted it. From the time when the passion assumes a deeper hue, and reasoning moderates, impulses which are forcibly curbed, Irving seems to me to show mannerism, and to be lacking in power, and strained, and it is not in him alone that I find this fault, but in nearly all foreign actors. There seems to be a limit of passion within which they remain true in their rendering of nature ; but beyond that limit they become transformed, and take on conventionality in their intonations, exag- geration in their gestures, and mannerism in their bearing. I left my box saying to myself, " I, too, can do Hamlet, and I will trv it !" In some char- acters Irving is especially fine. I am convinced that it would be difficult to interpret Sbyloik oc Mepbistopheles better than he. He is most skilful in putting his productions on the stage ; and iu addition to his intelligence he does not lack the power to communicate his'counsels or his teachings. Withal he is an accomplished gentleman in society, and is loved and respected by his fellow-citizens, who justly look upon him as a glory to their country. He should, however, for his own sake, avoid playing such parts as Romeo and Macbeth, which are not adapted to hin somewhat scanty physical and vocal power. 