THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TALE OF THRILLING INTEREST, BY HtLLEN CORWIN PIERBOCE, CHAPTER XXVIIL (CoNTINUED.. The old gardener was away about ten minutes It seemed much longer to those who were waiting. He came back with a very strange white face and wild eyes. He was trembling vio lently, like a man with palsy. Sibyl went up t6 him. She took hold of him with convulsive hands. "His anything happened to Prudence Garr i" she demanded. "No, no-nothing, I swear to you I" he answered. But he looked dazed, frightened, he stared at her in a helpless, bewildered kind of way that was both puzzling and alarming. " What is the matter with you, man 7"' the housekeeper exclaimed. " You look as if you had seen a ghost." " Well, maybe I have. Get your keys; Mrs TurfuB and come away with me. I've some thing to say to you." Sibyl's hand was still on his arm, her anxious eyes on his face. " Miss Garr has gone," he said to her. ' You know the old man wouldn't lie to you." Sibyl fell back. She yielded the keys mechanics ly to Mrs Turfit's greedy and im pudent clutch. She was not thinking of her, but watching that old man's fa e with a thrilled and desperate y-throbbing heart. What was the story it told 7 What had he seen- what ghost? What was the meaning of that eager pitying, wondering. doubting, startled look in his eyes as he gazed at beth Why should it make her think of Kenrick, whom this old man had loved so well ? She fell on her knees when they had all gone out, sobbing wildly : " My darling-my darling-my darling !" "Now, then, what Is it?" Mrs Turfit de manded of James Reese, as they were going along one of the corri fors, after locking the tower doors on poor Sibyl. She had bent all the rest of them on '. their beds, and bhe and the gard nor ba: gone into the diniug-ro,,m. It is jeas this, iMr- Turfit-l have seen the ghost of sir Prmncel I wasn't aseip ant I didn't imagine it. I saw it as plain a" I see you now." "The ghost of a live man ? Wuat are you talking about i" "I don't care," James said, stoutly. " I was omieg into the house, after puttine Hass Garr in the carriage, and it stood right there by the big sn.wball bush. It is moon light, you know, ans the moon shone full on his face. Wait now, and let me tell you. I thought it was Hlr Prince himself, though his face was a deal whiter and thinner-like than his was when he ran screaming out of yon tower room. He looked so strange I I was just going to speak to him, when Mr Prince's own window, which opens that way, you know, was lifted, and he called to me. to know what was going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he said. I was that scared I could hardly speak, but I tul. him Miss Garr had just gone away in a car riage to catch the train at Hampton, and he swore at me horribly, and slammed the win dow down, and when I looked back for the ghost it was gone." Geone " Mrs Turft laughed contemptuonesly. "Well, I've heard of old people getting their second sight, but I guess you have got your first and second all at once," she said, "You see donule first-rate, James. If that is all, you can go to bed, and 1'11 take care of the ghosts. Good night I" She sent him off, and stood a moment pondering, wondering if she. should go and give her keys to Mr Prince. .. " I won't do it I" she muttered. " He is in no condition to have them. 1 will keep them till morning anyway, and now that Lney Venner has gone, he may want me to keep them all the time." She felt that she would like that. Then she went to her own rooms, which were on a lower floor, and consisted of a handsome parkLr and bedroom. As she entered the first, she laughed scornfully. " Ghost, indeed I" she exclaimed, and then stood still. Something had moved near her. A curious, creepy feeling went over her. She sprang quickly and turned up the ga-, her heart in her throat. The next moment she barely stifled a scream. - "It is only I-Kenrick Prince. Don't you know me, Mrs Turfit 7" sail a voice that went through her like a current of electri city-why, she did not pause to think. "Mr Prince?" she stammered, all her senses in a whirl, staring at him with won dering, frightened eyes. What had he done to himself since she saw him such a short time before in that tower-room Why, if he had not caled his own name, she would hardly have known him, he was so white, so wild-looking. The thought did flash over her that per haps he had seen the ghost, or whatever it was, that had scared Reese. Never was a man so altered before in so short a time. "Don't y..u know me 7" he said again, in hollow, despairing accents. "Yon don't look as if you did." The housekeeper stood in an utter stupe faction of bewilderment. Was it because he haw been drinking that made him so look so dreadlully, so changed 7 " Yo--you look so strange 1" she stam mered again. Are you ill ? What has hop pened to you f" "You would not believe meif I told you," he said. "I have been in hell, Turfit-I have, truly." As he spoke he went toward her. His white teetn were clenched. lie looked wan and wasted thmin to a shadow. "Pity me-help me 1" he muttered, lifting such anguished, horror-filled eyes to her face that the hon?ekeeper extended her hands. "Don't I Oh, don't take on so, Mr Prince i" SHe caught the hands in his with the strangest cry, and dropping his poor, ghastly and haggard face upon them, burst into teara S CHAPTERi XIX. FORGOTTEN., - The housekeeper saw thathe was trembling so that he could scarcely stand, and she drew him to a chair. He sank into the cushioned depths of the large easy chair and lay with closed eyes, like a man weary and exhansted almost unto death. - Mrs Turfit stood and gazed at him in be wildered wonder. What had changed him so frightfully ? She couldnot understandit. ; tuaddenly there was a slight sound outside her door. Her visitor started wildly and stared in that direction. "Lock it, for God's sake 1" he whispered, with shaking lips. S'She ?ent toward the door, thinking she would turn the key to humor him, when before she could reach it it opened, and the impostorappearedupon the threshold, staring with eyes that seemed as if they would drop out of their sockets at the figure in the chair. His jaw fell, his swollen cheeks seemed to collapse, and the purple flush on his face faded to a leaden, lirid pallor, He leaned heavily against the door-post, staring. Mrs Turflt was fairly grasping for breath. ' Two of them I" she mattered, in hurrified accents, wondering if she were not losing her mind. "Not dead I" Jasper ejaculatcd, almost un consciously, icy hands seeming all at once to clutch him. fHis breath came thick, his limbs seemed paralysed. Was he glad ? Did he even remember in this supreme moment the agonies of remorse he had sufEteel, the pangs of gnilty fear that had torn his soul ? Not at all He only felt that the man whose identity he had stolen and whom he opposed dead and buded had come bhack to take from him all that he had won by his wickedness, and he hated him more bitterly than Cain did Abel. Kenrick, tco, seemed stunned with amaze ment at first sight of his brother. "You here I" he exclaimed at last, in stern and bitter tones. "How is that? How come you here? Where do you suppose I have been? To prison in your place I Sleeping in a felon's cell that belonged to you I How is it Why are you here while I was there? I could never convince Captain Dunning that I was not Rick Halsey. He sneered and mocked at everything I said, and he swore that if I contrived to get away from prison every day in the year, just so often would he hunt me down and take me back. He is after me now; he may come into this house at any moment. What are you going to do about it? Which shall he take ? ' Jasper was thinking fast. He glanced at the housekeeper and saw that she was com pletely confounded and bewildered Every thing that Kenrick had said was to her as if he had spoken in an unknown tongue. " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, " Captain Dunning shan't have either of us -not you, at sony rate. Come with me and let us talk it over. How tired you look? Have you been ill 1" He went and put his arm around Kenrick with an affectionate air. " Come I" he said, gently. At the same time he looked at Mrs Turfit. behind his brother and touching his fore head significantly, shook his head gloomily. Poor Kenrick had been through so much, and, however he had escaped from Captain Punning, w is still suffering from the effects r'f Doctor Varle's wicked drugs. His brain was very far from clear. He had suffered so much, been mocked at, jeered, and derided, that a kind word sank into his soul. He was so weak in body and mind that, after the first indignant outburst, his eyes filled with tears at his wicked brother's nyyocritical kindness and ;loving manner, and he let Jasper take him where he would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Turfit as they were going out. The housekeeper had scarcely mrved since he made his appearance at the door. "Won't you bring us a lunch to my room ?" he said, graciusly. "Our friend here seems faint. A few oysters, any cold ,neat, anything that comes handy, and a ,ottle of win.." " No wine for me s ' Kearick broke in, de cidedly. " You know how I hate it ion 't ..,u. Mrs Turfit 1 Bring me one of those ,elicious cups of tea you kn,ow sa well hebv o brew. Ma ,y a one you have made for me." The housekeeper gave him a quick, excited t~ok, and Jasper bit his lip savagely "One to the bad," he thought. " Why couldn't I remember how odd he always was about wine 1" As he conducted Kenrick slowly along to hi' apartments he wondered, with a chilly thrill, what was meant about t'aptain Dunning. Could there be anything in it? " How queer too" he thought, " that he says nothing about his wife I" Kenrick Prince asked after his mother, and Jasper evasively told him she was well, but he never mentioned Sibyl. his wife. ' He was quite clear that he had been in prison in his convict brother's place, but he could not tell how he got there. He remem bered nothing about the railway disaster, Doctor Varle, or his marriage. In short, something very queer seemed to have happened to his mem ry. It was partly the result of his injuries and partly Doctor Varle's drugs. Jasper was quick to see that something was wrong and to exult in it. It made what he meant to do just so much easier. -" If I only knew certainly whether Dun ning has had him I" he mused, anxiously, his blood chilling at the very thought. "But I believe he only imagines that.". His Turfit came presently with the lunch he had ordered, and he could see by the way she looked at Kenrick that she was' excited and auspicious.. e " How botheri1 she is l" he thought " She can't make it out." As the housekeeper left the room, her nat row, pale eyebrows were contracted thought; fully,and her thin lips compressed in an ex pression that meant mischief to somebody. " thank goodness he didn't ask for the keys ?" she said, as she turned her steps to. ward the tower-rooms once more. ' I am almost sure, myself," she muttered, with the same cunning, wicked look, "though he is mightily changed.- But here is somebody will know I" Si?yl Prince had not thought of retiring.. The old gardener's leeoks haunted her. She had been walking about all the time, up and down, up and down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange thoughts that would sweep over her, but in vain. What was it the gardener had seen? What has made him look at her in that white. puzzled way? Ghosts ? What ghost ! whose ghost ? The lovely eyes were burning bright, the sweet face flushed with the fever of thought that consumed her. At sight of Mrs Turfit's mean, malicious face, she stood still,. her hands clasped tightly, outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while her heart beat fiercely against her side. The housekee, er was looking at her with the same expression, James Reese had worn. Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, cold smile. " It is an utter impossibility for you to even guess what I am here for," she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, " and yet to look at you one would think you knew." Sibyl did not utter a word, but her looks showed that she was suffering. The housekeeper would have liked to tor ture her longer, but she was too impatient herself. • " Come with me I" she said, going quickly out of the room. Sibyl clasped her hands upon her heaving bo-om, and followed in silence. The women went straight back to thu room in which she left the two men at their ouch. At the door she pansed, looking strangely at Sibyl. From within came the sound of the two voices plainly-one so different from the other--though they could not distinguish a word. Sibyl's beautiful face was white as death. Her large eyes burned as with white flames. As she movel forward, Mrs TurfiBc shrank out of her way. Sibyl put her hand upon the door. It was locked.. •. She turned upon the housekeeper with a fierce and desperate gesture. The woman stared eeitedly. Then she almost ran down the passage to another door and tried it. As it yielded to her hand, she whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. SYon can go through this,'right into the roum where they are," she said, hurried.y, pushing her a little and following quickly. as Sibyl darted to the door indicated and wrenched it open. Jasper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he was just lifting to his lips fell with it crash. There was only one face, in the whole wide world, he would not rather have seen at this moment than Sibyl's, and that was Captain John Dunning's. Kenrick's back was to the door. He had not seen his wife yet. There was one chance for Jasper to fling himself on Sibyl and thrust her out of the room, before her husband did see her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, quicker still, she eluded him, fleshed nr?m his outstretched hands and fell almost faint ing at Kenrick's feet. Then ensued a strante Jasper stood glaring, longing, yet not daring, to tear the beautiful woman from that place, and drag her back to the tower rooms. Mrs Turfit had come into the apartment and was standing very near, but he had not seen her. " Look at your brother I" she whispered. "He don't know her." Jasper lifted his eyes to Kenrick's face, and a shiver of horrible evntauon ran through him. "It's true I He has forgotten her, loe I" he mattered, through his clenched teeth, The room was vry still. 1Sibyl knelt, half embracing her husband, her lovely eyes fastened upon his handsome, haggard ,face with the strangest expresslon; surely, that 5t'2. ever a woman's countenance wore. Her ashy lips moved over the. words, " Not dead, not dead?" just as Jasper had said, but no sound came from them.. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder. - Kenricksat like a statue. tie might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad black eyes, that looked so strangely into those of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted he. soft lips at first, troze there. Into thessweet, white face came an agony of fear, incredulity and despair, beyond words. " Ken," she breathed at last, faintly " Ken 1" CHAPTER XXX. SOMB DIAMOND RINGS. There was no answer-only a strange, pity ing stare from the unhappy man-ta forced, mechanical smile. Her arms fell away from him." She rose slowly and stiffly to her feet. "Father in heaven I" she ejaculated. "Is this my Kenrick, or only another cheat ? Or have I gone mad at last, as they tried to make me ? Kenrick-my Ken-my be loved l" She reached and touched his hand with here. "Yes' are Ken-yea, you are ! But oh, my God, how strangely you look at me 1" She covered her.face with her hands; her subs filed the room-sounds of fearful, of heartrending woo and aTguish. -. Kenrick Prince turned to his brother. He lifted his thin, white, trembling hands wit a piteous'gesture of amazement, deprecation and pain. Jasper saw his opportunity. He came foward. His most wicked look in the hand same, wicked eyes that were so wonderfully like, so hurrioly unlihke his brother Ken rick's. . "You don't know this young lady-do you, Ken ?" he said, in his sprightliest manner. You don't know who she is 1" - "I don't, indeed I" Kenrick answered, knitting his pale, delicate brows anxiously. Jasper was trembling from head to foot wVit the excitement of the situation. His votes esuuded nharse ant thick as he sp ke. It was sunch an awful,aud cious, dastirdly. lie which he uttered. " My brother," he said, "this is my wife.' He paused to see if Kenrick would con tradict aim; but he did not.' Sibyl lifted her head. Jasper did not look at her. "She takes you for me," he went on. " We look so much alike, you know." " iut she called me by my name." " You must p rdon her for that. She ii a little wrong in her head. She has heard me speak of you .She calls me Kenrick sometimes.' Sibyl's sobs had ceased, She stared from one to 'the other, stunned with horror. "Poor girl! " Kenrick murmured, very low, looking at her compassionately with his beautiful, kind eyes. Jasper's first impulse was to go and put his arm round Sibyl; but he th,,ught better of it, and moving to a position just behind his brother, leaned slightly over him, and from this vantage ground be stowed upon the dazed girl a sneering and exultant smile. For the first time in all Sibyl's know ledge of him, the wretch really frightened her. She felt as though an iron hand were gripping her heart, and slowly crushing all the life blood out of it. Her brain reeled, her senses seemed go ing, an awful blackness was swallowing her. She struggled against it with all her might,; but in vain., She was falling falling. Jasper and Kenrick both sprang to save her. It was her husband who reached her first,'uttering as he caught her a:low cry of tenderest compassion and dismay that thrilled her to the soul, and drove back, as if.by magic, the tide of.unconaclouaness. , \- She had:just strength;when Jasper tried to take her from that dear clasp, to lift one white arm and windit round her husband's neck, as with a dying olutcn. It was not easy to remove her. Jasper was alarmed. .He took hold' of the delicate arm, and pulled qugte roughly in his effort to loose it. Sibyl moaned feebly. "Don't! Can't you see you are hurting her?" Kenrick exclaimed, almost fiercely. Jasper fell back with a suppressed oath. "You had better lay her down some where," suggested Mrs Turfit, sweetly. " It is always better ts lay a person down in a fainting fit." " Of course. Put her. on this conch, Ken !" exclaimed Jasper, bustling into the next room. Sibyl's arm tightened about her hus band's neck. . "Darling !" she whispered, agonisedly, "Don't you remember Lily ? Don't you know Lily ? Oh, try and remember. Do try, beloved !" "Let me help you, Mr Kenrick," inter posed Mrs Turfit. " You don't look fit." Kenrick stared at her with bewildered, troubled looks, "Lily P" he murmured. ' Lily? Where have I heard that name before ?" "It is my wife's name,". Jasper said, coolly. And with a sudden fierce wrench he tore Sibyl from his brother's clasp and bore her into the next room. Kenrick remained, staring straight be. fore him with wild, fixed looks and his two hands holding his head. " Lily " ?he muttered, still with quiver ing lips. "Lily? Lily ?" as though he was trying to rember., Sibyl retained her consciousness per fectly, but she felt faint and weak, and she wanted time to think. 'as Jasper placed her on the couch, she closed her eyes and pretended to be in a deen swoon. - Jasper stood over, with clenched hands and grinding' teeth, listening to his brother. .. Mrs Turfit stepped up beside him steal thily. rtt " You're in:a pretty tight place, Ishould say," she whispered. "What will' you give me to help you dut ?" He looked at her keenly a moment; then he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled cut three handsome diamond ringe-a soli taire, a cluster and a circle j the last set with five beautiful brilliants of great lustre and purity. "' "My mother's rings," he said. "You may have your pick if you get her back into the tower without him seeing her again-and keep her there i" he added. The housekeeper's eyes gleamed with avarice and vanity. " You'll need my help straight on," she said. "Give them all to me, and 111 see you through." Jasper hesitated. Inwardly he curs?d her for her greediness. "You can't do one thing without me," the woman whisperedagain. " Where is Miss Garr P" he asked. "She was to be driven to the station. 1 don't know any more than that. Gone for help for Mrs Kenrick, it's likely," the woman said, with a jerk of her head toward Sibyl and a broad grin. Jasper started. Dangers were thicken ing around him. Dunning might appear at any moment. Miss Garr had gone to him. But the most imminent peril was this, right here now facing him. At any cost Sibyl and her husband must be kept apart. Help he must have to accomplish it he could do nothing alone-and there was no one to furnish it in Belle's absence ex cept this woman, and he should have to bribu her anyway to make her hold her tongue. Even he shrank from the descration of using his mother's rings for such a pur pose, but he had no money. Mrs Turfit was watching him. The hitherto cringing and subservient house keeper had altered her demeanour greatly within the last hour. An insolent, domineering light gleamed from her small eyes, and her thin, sallow face was wreathed in exulting smiles. " I shouldn't think you'd want. to con sider of it long," she said. " I might make you pay me more-a great deal more-now I know who you ain't and what you are.". - Jasper shuddered. In the next room he could see Kenrick excitedly walking up and down, stll re peating over in anxious, troubled tones:. , "Lily !. Lily ! Lily!":. He knew that strangely vanishing memory might come back at any moment. He extended his hand with the rings-a marvellous glittering heap. - . . '.:" Take them I" he said. •The woman grabbed them with an absurd eagerness that would. have been laughable under any other circumstances. - "Now attend to her,". Jasper-said, sternly, " and do it well! Get her: away from, here just as quickly as possible.' Will you do it 2" "I will." . ' 'It never occurred to Jasper to wonder how she would do it. He went.into the next room, closing the door between the two carefully. Mrs Tnrfitstood for an instant gloating over her rings; then, with a glance at Sibyl, stepped to the closed door and stood ..trying. to heir what was going on beyond - " Sibyl cautiously opened her eyes a littld: The door' by which the cunning house. k.cper stood was at some' distance from the conch, and her back was to that.- At the f~ot of the.couch was tho'door into the .hdU' through which Sibyl had come a little before .when she broke in so unexpectedly:upon Jacsper aind his most unwelcome guest. This last door Sibyl'resolved to reach, and if possiole escape by it. Everything-her husband's life, her all of hope or happiness-she felt depended on her retaining her liberty, and not falling again into Jasper's power. Her strength had come back to her at the awful, the frightful need for.it. Her mind was steady and clear. Carefully, noiselessly, she drew herself up. first to a sitting posture, and lot her limbs slip gently to the floor. . n housekeeper'f ear was close to the door, her eyes devouring her rings,' which already adorned one short, pudigy hand. Sne could'only distinguish a-word .now. ant then of .what was going on in the next room. bu' Kienrick's voi:e was raised slightly, while Jaf r."edemed to be arguing gently with h.m in silky touts. 'Siuyl was off'the couch now. Her slip' pered feet male no s?,u.l as she glile a few a eps, till she reached the dour into the hall, and had her hand uponit. It yielded' to her touch- as silently' a though its h nges had been of down, and she flitted through it likhe a shadow Very shortly-'after- Mrs Turfit .glanced carelessly toward the couch, and saw thatit was empty. 'The malicious and spiteful housekeeper was perhaps never so near tainting in het life. She saw that the door at the-foot of the conch was partly open. She sprang to it wildly. " She can't be gone more than a minute," she muttered, as she darted through, ran along the corridor aud down the broad stair way leading to the front door. The big double doors were both swinging, and she taucted she could see Sibyl Prince running some distance down the avenue. She went after her a little way, and then stopping, deliberately retraced her steps. " What is the use of being a fool ?" she: told herself, angrily. "I couldn't catch her if 1 tried, and ift I overtook neor I could not make her come back. She has gone after help, and'she will get it, too. The best I can do is to go back to the house and make all I can out of this business before there is a grand .mash-up." She went inside, closed and locked the great double doors carefully, and theni has tened to the tower, where she locked the door communicatiud with the main part of the mansion. 11 She had just ace ,mplished this, when shi saw Jasper Prince coming hurriedly towards. her, breathless and pale. ' _ . " 'CHaPTER XXXI. noncas 5iU5L HEARDn FRost. As Mrs Turfit saw- Jasper Prince ap proaching, breathless' and pale, her first thought was that he had discovered Sibyl's flight. But he had not. - He supposed that she had just locked his hapless brother's lovely young wife into the tower rooms. . "Is she safe ? Did she make you any trouble ?" he demanded, eagerly. Mrs Turfit's spirits' rose, as she saw that he did not suspect anything wrong. She was panting violently, from the haste she had just-been making. "Yes, she made me 'a good deal of t,ouble," she answered, audaciously. " if I had not' been an uncommonly strong woman, I could never have got her here at all. I hod to hold her mouth with one hand, to keep her from screaming, and drag her with the other. Did you hear us?" "I didn't hear anything at all," Jasper said '"Perhaps you were making. too much' noise yourself," the housekeeper suggested; boldly. He looked at her sharply. " 1 ,see your curiosity is very much excited over my visitor," he said, in slow, cold tones. - "I will tell you about him. He is a sort of "dist.ant cousin of mine, who has been troubled with just such strahge fancies as you heard him express, a good many years.' He becomes very violent at times, and his friends have been obliged to keep him under restraint in consequence. I presume some of them will be hero in' search. of him by, 'or perhaps before, morning. Meanwhile, if you should hear any unusual noise, you will know what it means." ' .The' small, b ady eyes:of the house keeper.'and'tan wi.ked black ones of the man, met in a slow, keen gaze. "I shall.bdlieve just 'as much of .that story as I am paid to believe, Mr Halsey?!" the housekeeper said. His face darkened suddenly. He went toward her ia step "If you ever-mark me, ever," he hissed. -"call me by that name again, I will choke you with these two hands till every atom of breath is out of your body!" Mrs rurfit turned green with fear. She put up both hands. " Keep off, keep off !" she cried, "or 1'1 scream!" "You fool!" he returned. " I'd strangle the first sound in your throat. Shut up! I haven't -touched you; but I will. if you put on to., many airs. And don't talk to me about pay! Yoiu have got your pay for to-night's domgs, and you will get no more at present." The housekeeper was thoroughly cowed. She began to edge away from him cautiously. "lf he finds out Sibyl Prince has gone, he will murder me sure," she thought. :"I--I think I will go to bed, if you don't need me," she said. She went toward her own apartments, and Jasper returned to his. If Mrs Turfit had a soft place in her heart, it was for Kenrick Prince. The plain, fussy, middle-aged woman had been silly enough to imagine herself in love with the handsome young heir, and her hatred of Sibyl was pure envy and spite, growing out of that foolishness. She only went a little way toward her own rooms, and stole back after Jasper as soon as she dared. "He shan't hurt him," she muttered. " I won't have that, and I'll tell him so if tries. 1'll rouse every servant in the house to stop it. I don't feel one bit sleepy. I'll go into one of those rooms on the other side of the hall and watch. There's danger of too many things happening here before daylight for me to go to bed." - She could hear some slight movementin Jasper's apartments, but no voices. She wondered to herself if Kenrick Prince could be asleep. She sat down by the door, with it slightly apart, to listen. Bnut she was not used to watching. She fell soundly asleep presently, with her head against the wall, and never opened her eyes till aftez daylight, when she was roused by the clanging of the front en trance bell. .;.She started up, cold and stiff, and looking wildly about her, unable at first to remember where she was. Then it all came'back to her. The door bell rang again. ;That is Sibyl Prince,' the housekeeper said. "She is bringing the officers to arrest somebody." And she began to-tremble. She took the diamond rings out of her pocket and looked at them. "I wish I had not taken them," she thought. "But I don't believe she knows. And she put them back in her pocket. Then she heard Jasper come out of his room and go downstairs. He had discovered it was only a mes senger boy from Hampton, and he hurried .to see what he had brought. Mrs Turfit darted across the hall and tried his door. It was not locked. She went through into the inner room. A low cry broke from her lips. Kenrick Prince, tied hand and foot, and gagged with a stout handkerchief, lay on the couch where Sybil had lain but a little while before. His eyes were closed. A big purple lump on one side of his pale fore head told its own tale. S'he housekeeper almost fainted with horror; ". He has killed him-he willkill me too," she thought; -. :.: .: - .: . Kenrick Prince was not'dead, hbiever: He openedhis eyes, and looked at the house keeper, with a dumb agony of appeal that haunted her to her dying day. But she dared not stop. Already she fan. cied she could hear Jasper returning. Running out of the room, she;re-locked the 'door with shaking fihgers and hurried through the other into the corridor. Jasper Prince was just coming back, his expected, telegram in his- hand. - He looked pale and excited, troubled and angry. If he had not been utterly confused and startled by thbestranie contents of the telegram, he must have noticed Mrs Turfit's frightened appearance. The housekeeper stammeied something about having just come from the tower, and being on her way to the door to see who had rung, but.he scarcely looked at her.' Grumbling something almost inaudible, he p,ushed rudely past her, went" into his room and locked the door after him. \- His telegram was from Belle. of course, though it was ssgued"' Dorcas Ruet." But it was a very different message from that he nad expectel :- , " Am most unavoidably detained. Busi hess of utmost importance to you Thunder in the air I Man coming to see you. Be '?autious 1-DORCAs RUEL." Jasper Prince was utterly confounded His perils, instead of Idessening, seemed to thicken about himn. S'He missed Belle horribly. She always saw avway to help him out of his troubles. What did she mean by " thunder in the air" and "man coming to'see youn ?" Could she mean Dunning? "She might have got hold of the situation about Kenrick, and suddenly it occurred to him that she might have been at the bottom of the whole mystery. Dunning could never have got' hold of Kenrick without somebody helping him. But he had to' give it up. He was half wild with -excitement, nervousness, and anxiety. Captain Dunning might appear at any moment,' and -he should have to face him •imself, or risk worse-though really. it seemed as if nothing could be worse. He felt that he could never go. through with it without betraying himself. If he had known that, in addition to all the rest, Sibyl Prince was at' liberty, he would have thought that the situation was lesperate indeed. "If I could give Kenrick something to put' him asleep," hi, thought, " it would be 4o much easier managing hin. 'I wonder if Doctor Varle .did 'not leave some sort, of IHewent out of his room, carefollylocking his door. ' - He found Mrs Turfit in her own apart 'sent looking very uneasy and anxioas, even at sight of him. He asked her for the keys of the tower. The scared woman's teeth faiirly chattered. \- ' I-I am afraid .I have lust them," she stammered. "" I have been looking every where for them." At this moment the door-bell rang again. " Ihad better go and see who that is," the pale housekeeper said, glad of any excuse to get away from him. It might be Sibyl Prince with a wholei puese of constables at her back'; but any thing was better than this man just now. Jasper was White with apprehension, and let her go: . He followed noisele-sly to the head of the g4eat stairway, and watched from- that lurk. iug place; while she opened the door and ad= metted a gentleman a total stranger, as Jasper saw ; yet his heart sank with'vague 'doubt and dread. He heard the stranger ask for Ir Prince; then he gave Mrs Turfit a letter to take to him. Jasper drew baek out of sight as the housekeeper came up with the, letter and moved slowly along the upper hall, turning the letter over and over, studying the out Side as though she would give anything to know the contents. ' - He stepped softly behind her, and, reach-' ing 'over her shoulder, snatched the letter out of her hand. The womanu barely suppressed a screaim. Jasper hurried away to his own •room to read the letter. - - He would not trust himself to do so where ihe housekeeper could .se him.' It was from Helle, he perceived instantly, and iore; ,beside the superscription,' the legend : - " iecommeudmig Mr Gervase -Trent for thit position ot valet." - - - Jasper stated, livid with rage, fear, and wonder. - " What does she mean " he mattered, as he wrenched the envelope off. ' ." MY DEa NEPHEaW," he read: "'Sorry to disappoint you, but I can't come-qnite yet. I dare not explain on paper why 1 stay; I will be with you positively to-morrow morning if you send a carriage to meet me at the 10 o'clock express." "To-morrozo I" Jasper interjected. "She might as well nrver come." out he read on: " Meonwvhile, keep on the right side of the gentleman who brings you this. He has a fancy to hire to you as valet, and you had better engage him at his own price till 1 come. In fact, you must do so. Ihere is no getting round that More when I come. Your affectionate aunt, DoncAs RUnEL." Jasper fairly ground his teeth. " Worse and worse and more of it," he said. ""Well, I have got to see Ittr rent right away, and find what I have to expect. There is evidently danger in the man, some how, aud he has to be conciliated till Belle gets back, anyway. Oh, if Dunning will only keep off i" He rang his bell, It was still early, hbut the servants were beginning to show themselves. One of them answered the summons, and .was told to bring lir Trent up at once. "I don't like having him here with Ken rick in yonder," he muttered; "buit It can't be helped." (To be Continued.) The following advertisement is said to be in an American paper:-" Cholers, cholera, cholera. When the cholera comes prices will be high. Buy your coffins early and avoid the rush. Seize the opportunity and get a good article, and one that will suit you. 'I'he undersigned has the finest stuck of coffins ever offered for sale in this town.' A negro woman was brought before a southern judge charged with cruelly beat ing her son, and was receiving the regula tion reprimand, when she suddenly ex claimed, "Jedge, has you ever been the parient of a wufiess yeller boy like dat ar' cub o' mine ?" "Certainly not,"' rephed the judge, with a vehemence which must have accounted for his face beoming very red. "Den don't you talk," contemp tuously replied the black woman 