Saturday Down Town. LET NOMAD.] Saturday night again. Welnome the eve that heralds the Day of Beat. I panes on the pathway edge in Brisbane street and watob the "maddening erowd." It is nearing 9 on the eloak--the only tints in the workiog week when the street is alive. The single, gay and idle promenade the read. The married, and mare serious and basy, tabs the pathway. Notion the brsnzed-visaged. heruy.handed and bonst-' heartsd bushman in his sloan attire. His white shirt and Sensing red silk tie exposed to: their fullest, for what reeks be of fashions?: Waistcoats and braces to him are matters of supeefinity and disoomfort, He has made his purohasesoandaobont two hours heneobis'people at the bumpy yonder in the bosh will welcome him and relieve him of his load, and a san of hbilly' tea will elose his day, begun at day break. An If in contrast, my eyes next light upon a "'masher." From the orown of the hat to lbs eels of the boot "alt in the latest style." The narreweat of hat~rima, the high eel of sollars, the moat attractive of ties, theoeloae-cut clothing, the pointed-toe brown leather boots. All these features are gleaned at a glance, as well an the "~fittings." eonsist cog of the desnty sslver.monnted ease, ditto glasses en nose, and cigarette in month. He? tolerates the society of his less fashionable nompanion. Like the other mnch-ahnaed animal his roemarks are brief and mootly "Sw,I aw." leases all the prettiest damsels ShroughI his glasses exoept at times when he besomes really interested (which is not often), when eatore Is true to herself and he locks his hardeat user inetasd of threogfls the glasses, ur with .a sudden facial costorlion its~ glasses dropeon the string. There goes a btoheer boy with the last Snuday dinner, the order for whioh has a few minnies before bean leisurely given at the shop yooder. Early dlosing is a thing of the far future whilst snob insonsider. ate oustomers see studied. See hew he threds is ay qishy ad elevyrly throogh thepeole lt a'heih " here,'ned a '-ho l ther, Smeties ~'ypony leave, please" toEntofgrs re be elsar the throng lifeandlim of ide en heso are endangered by the dogs which Infest the so~rest. There are enough dogs and to spire at an~y time, hut on Saturdey night their numbers multiply, They are everywhere, lyisg and slinking shoot the strest and the store ;anon, yelping end sneppiog et horsi,. Dogs, did I say?! Bog pardon. 'was a libel upon She race. They are core, pore and simple. Their •solcur is as varied as their nnmters--all shapna sad sIres possible to travel en four legs, and all breeds--except of course the pure, There are a few dogs to be seen, however. Onso my eyesight is treated to a laudeseer-lihe soene of dignsio in the nohis St. Sernard and impudeoce in the wee terrier sharp as a needle, And leatly here's the faithful collie, whose tail rs minds me that the world still wags on. There go two horsemen retnrning to the bosh. They pnsh on without care, such an the botoher boy took, sod, were itnoctfor the '"elink"of a loose shoe of one of the horses, there• might he some tbarrow escapri. The other horse Is unshod, sod limps wearily on, with the knowledge of a long caster over hard roegh roads before he is tamned out sopperless to ocool his fevered feel. Still they eaome-and go. Young and old. Both sexes and all ages. What's this knot of avenules, I wonder?7 A match being stench hobo's me ii is a gathering to enatale several mgaarettes and "'doppars" tu be lighted by that to', military match. I naturally wonder if these boys have pareots and, if so, what time Ahoy pot them to bed ? My mind runs on the buss: "I don't like to see little boys with tigers, They're better at home with their ma's and their pa's." "Whet's Ihet--the Roockoco 2" ecxlaimsa o lly.looking farmer to hi. portly sponso, as a rep~ort rings ont on the nightair. Gently now! There's nobody killed or wounded. I take him round end show him the improvised shooting gallery, the proprietor of which is doing a good business, I retrace my stops. N.otice those young girls promenading by themselves, smiling sod smirking at this and the ether man. tf what are their mothers thioking, I muse- "Doing no berm I" I fancy I hear someone say. That may be so. It is at the leant unbecoming sod should be pots• stop to by parents. It eannot then go further, It is always host to he on the safe aids. Mo mind reverts to the articles lately in the press headed '"Road to Ruin" and the good work done in this deperimoot by the Drensty Pee veoatios Soiety. I smile grimly as! I notic an unassuming men who ppcca? to ho looking over your bead. Yen might take him forea spilieg ship's captain looking for the street In his .native ooontry town where his old mother liven from, whom he ran away ho ses lung years age, end new fears to find her dead, Soleas be thee sallies forth with his stost trusty walk min stick I knew betis out on snobs paqut, but is kespiag a sharp leot-out for evildoere, from breakers of hape saes to piekpooehet. Should beo drop on such they will bd doss boowo, f or be is nut wothy pollee sergeant, In uniform going his rounda and ready to assit hIs msr, in not. Iform if eoeessaryr. Tha hen: strikes, See the tired employee horrying home. Teat young rwomun torme an exoelfeut wage by her acedia acid speods it on her wardroeli. Thia rclneh elmn le forced opou me, as I remember that aha i ,';,be ceen two dccys ia one week dreseed -e. r.'e~ her wailt. A weete rather. A cdlk ,eooa[te o:f heeali~ cod 1,[... The proper tmo o of h,:r wcoe ,cc ,th.oec oiu f enoinfant. C:m puce it with rice :whlch oi the -'crluer, re ?d the emn iu glorceg'y ..ppc.rc.ot. It or p e'i tic fcr cf tlce/ did they eeoul cs.ecre~ly dioce rinoc. it. Acid v'et cur echildrea ee t.cllct phyulo ey cr the ceheele. Tihe? ic a wit ?erceoo colic(., ce-I coo.t he cc ecvcuee Is dwelling epic it. I dcttreso hi-re to plead with the womeo of ocr height cot g~ole)nic c-oi i cc-at to do the right diespit ti-lhion cod prej ? dice. Upoa ith i dip ide Ih- phytique and doveetpcrrnt of the cecieg cr.at oeieo of Auorer,'.aia. Dcc a your.eehc-s ccii poor daughte:e 00 7,, oi'l, hoc do aot hler the eshepe of, or onduly ece)fie., the fore. a which Got hoe pieced the ep:rie--tho temple of the Holy Ghost. ide wide that teem, aol weoldi you ho so coin; coeel~oild, aed ebnb! as to cr- some to alter the shape of it? It in en often so. The deceotec of tight teeing are increaeing, and it is to them I mere par. tiesiarty speak. The to cdy in encared with wttaleboou oc 5t0ec, Lad t'u ec,,vict is coepreesed to each an extent that heelthcy aetioos of the masctes, bonen, and congs is out of the qseation. The result is ilt heat'h, deformity and often death fe'om oocsocouptcoo." It cun he under stood how muoh worse for the wortd at targe this is in the goese of a marriad woman who is roeponsihte to God and wee for the saftering ontsitnd hereafter. The natural formation of' the lungs and chest is ourrorecel at the top. anl burcalens downwards, Sc God made wo man, hot she sometimes troes to recerse the order. Article end peruene of rsfin.ed tastes take the tstaue of Veusa de Medici no theileal shape of woman. Let a modern tight-taxed w?oman he viewed beside that stature and no ties the contrast. The opiciocca of all great physiolugits anod medical men ars on the side of God aad nature in this mutter, hot I will quote tho aufhority of a women herself, a lady whose worth aud talents gene wsigiht tu bar opgnisa and who wrote only to do good :--"Ws are now so much secnetomnd to see delicate women, that, from want of good modelee Ohs ideal of s good figars has ailtogether dieappsared from the, imaginatiune of many. Whet fee. tares do we boast of is romanos? Is It a dazzling frsehshess Or the gracefol eTaetiolty and vivacity of goath 1 No, it is a fragile a~nd airy form, a sylph-liko figure, an interesting paleness reliered by a tinge of Carnation ;it is ao expresdiee look sotlel shaded by metan aholy. But f/oe nuosi of Iliac iundicatioas ore po-ciseefy fhoee of /eehfe Jcealith. Extreme delicacy of farm, a aelour whooh comes sod goes, a hoagoar Of eupreusion, forhads nothing ?ood far ths future mother or wi.e, aelled upoa perhape to aid her husband in adversity. Aud yet, ia the meantime, pictures of this bind fasoonato thu imsg nation of a boung girl, and even? ala m other. nard make th~emn afraid of sojaringob~eroasao sedootive. One young peraon will not eat from the fear of hecomieg too neat;, soother will net walk loot her foot should become too large. What mrisarahls folly I .All this passes throegh my mind as I take soother stroll down the etroot before rs herebny. I pans three newly-built and pointedi chops flood to the piles ee an t~o defy all floods in future. Ous shop in already oooupied.I puss co in a reverie on the floods, and am rudely awakened by my foot going elan lhroopTh, insteed of 00, the bridge speonusr the waterushle, I extrioste my leg, at tha sams time murmuring a blessing, soft sod low, upon somnbody, and rsplsee toe loose slab likea trap fer the nest passer~by. l am disigreeably revived by a whiff of Ipuseloh Odongo"5 (0 efon £0)-a perfume riealling Rowlauda5 hest -sond manofeoaurod inlhoneigtlboorhoodof the Devil's Golly, whsrs noy visual organs are s~an offended by the unsightly and dangerous ap pesranoe of the path, and I return. Just push the Palais Royal I suddenly turn at the noise of a "whishing" sound, andi sway goes a? ayelintsoilout a L*JA He novas ap Henso srest, homeward bound, and I hope hes will put up his light in future, or preboanuee he masy pat oat another's ifght, As I pass through, I sympathies with the honses hung up 6utsids the inns. They are far more sober than choir owners. Some ane eleapiag, and others look ing wietulollyst thn doors, wondering how many more "logn~lsesvars' she muster deiiresost oow away, la addition to the bottle of rum for San day. There are other individualo riding, mad using their horses like "a mao en the wheel," and wonodering why on earth the beset goes so "orookedly/' The feelings of the poor unshod, half-starved animal can readily he imagined. Oh I hems sweet home I--no place like It and as! kn?ook: at my door I think "such ist lifce. 