Presbyterian Church. ——♦—— THE NEW ORGAN. DEDICATORY SERVICE. Yesterday morning a dedicatory service was held in the Presbyterian Church, when the pastor, Rev. Dr. Geikie, D.D., was assisted bv Rev. Dr. Cameron (Rich mond) and Rev. Geo. McInness, D.D , Moderator of the Assembly. There was a good congregation, and the first portion of the service was devoted to singing and prayer. The Rev. Dr. Cameron preached from the text : ' What is it then ? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also ; I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understand ing also' — I Cor. xiv.— 15. The preacher dealt at length with the duty of Christians to worship God. God was entitled to the best worship which, as reasonable crea tures, could be given him. The command was to love God with the heart, soul, and strength, and in this way worship should be rendered to him ; nothing less than this would satisfy him. The three component parts of worship were prayer, praise, and reading or preaching. It was possible to worship-God without preaching, but in the Plouse of God worship was not complete without it, but this would be unprofitable if it was unintelligent and mechanical. The end of all preaching should be to kindle a holy ardor, and more spiritual adoration. While preaching was the' part of him who conducted the service, the people took part in the praise and prayer ; but they were reminded in the Scriptures to ' Take heed how ye hear.' The apostle had shown how this duty should be rendered. It in ordinary affairs of life, whatever wa9 worth doing, was worth doing well, it should be especially ap plicable to the worship of God. The whole result of worship depended on the manner in which it was carried out; It was not so much the matter of praise, but the manner and spirit in which it was conducted, which carried success. The Saviour had condemned prayer .in an unknown tongue. Prayer should be such as could be understood by those who heard it. It was a fitting vehicle through which the desires and feelings of the heart could be conveyed to God. They were commanded to pray with the spirit, and with the understanding also.' It was important tbe first command should be obeyed, or all worships would be unprofit able and cold. Their prayer should seek the aid of the Holy Spirit, and pray in the Holy Ghost, for the Holy Spirit helped their infirmity and aided them in their prayer. By this means their- energies would be awakened and their own spirit drawn into exercise.. They could not find a better illustration of the true spirit of prayer than that of the blind beggar who called out to Jesus as He passed. His text went 011 to refer to praise, and said that this, too, should be carried out with the spirit and with the understanding also. The early Christians were noted for their worship of praise and singing of hymns and psalms. Singing by them wa9 carried out with heartiness ; prayer and praise differed in form but not in substance ; prayer was thanksgiving and adoration, a pouring out of adoration to God, but when religious feeling was high, this culminated in praise. Music in the heart gave a peculiar charm. It was possible to sing without praising ; singing was one thing and praise was another. It all depended on the spirit and manner in which it was done. They should embody the thoughtB and desires with the words they uttered in order that praise should have its proper effect. If praise was devoid of feeling it would be flat and unsavoury before God. The grandest orations might be performed in a perfect manner, but unless those who took part sang with the spirit their service would be unprofitable, and would not be a pleas ing sacrifice to God: In order to praise God aright they needed to have their hearts renewed by the grace of God, for those who were held in the bondage of Satan could not sing those hymns of love and adoration. It was necessary that they should worship God not only in the church, but in tbeir homes and in the world, in order that they might at last be fit to join with the redeemed ones in the singing of the anthems of the blessed in the eternal home. He congratulated the congregation of St. Stephen on the acquisition of such a fine instrument. It was one of which they might be justly proud, and he was satisfied it would yield satisfaction for many years. It would largely help the choir in the musical portion of the service. These, on their part, would help the congregation to better enjoy the service, and altogether they should make an acceptable offering to God which would be well-pleasing in His sight. It should be the aim of all the congregation to join in the musical portion of the service. It was pleasing to note the progress which was being made in the service of praise in the churches. It was a thing which was very much needed. Progress was being made in many de partments of religion, and there was an advance in theology, as well as inthe tone of teaching and preaching. The preaching of to-day was more humanistic and practical, and in their worship there was a new tenderness and a sweeter tone was imparted. This was especially the case with regard to praise. Thete has been a large increase to the hymnoloety of the church, and efforts were being successfully made to make it more artistic and effective. This was a cause for rejoicing, but a word of warning was necessary lest mere music should take the place of true devotion in the church. They should be careful to subordinate it, for unless they did so it would become a hindrance instead of a help. He hoped that this addition to the church would prove a fresh stimulus to goon to success. In order to succeed they would need patience, perseverance, and practice, and he was sure this would be carried out. 