The novd is a distinctly modern invention, satisfying a modem want. In the ideal state desoribed with so muoh aoouraoy by Mr. Bellamy, I believe the novel would not sell. It would be incomprehensible or it would not be a novel at all, aooording to our understanding. Do away practioally wit'i the struggle for life, diminate all the :unfit, and make the surviving fittest psrfeotly comfortable—men and women might still take a ourious interest in our present civilsation, but it would be of a purely historical nature. To gratuitoudy invent a tale of a poor man fighting for success would seem to them a piece of monstrously bad taste and ridiculously useless.— Our first great national epio was ' The Bruce,' of Barbour, our greatest national lyrio is ' Scots Wha Hie,' our last and greatest national epio is ' The Liy of the Last Minstrel."— Style is a mark of the purest mental aristocracy, the most untainted intellectual blue-blood—it speaks of - long and high descent, of noble spiritual ancestry—and we oan no more forget its possessors than we oan forget some grand countenance seen by ohanoe among a thousand unmemorable faoes. The truth is, style kis high breeding. The association of ideas aud sentiments, of memories and hopes, whioh make up the Eenliments of nationality, of patriotism, and of Empire, are too complex, subtle, aud indefinite to be realised in the abstract. They need a symbol about whioh they may cluster, a flag, a sceptre, a building. The Roman ea»le, the Frenoh Tricolor, the American pleteness i - ^ with f i whioh M .the ^ sign ^ ^ ' S S ; itself the thinga 6igni6ed. aud recalls them. No public building in Franoe appeals to the historical inclination more eloquently than the Palace of Fontainebleau. None awakens so rioh and varied a group of striking associations; none is «a tbiokly haunted with memories of the past; none is tenanted by the ghosts of so briUiaut a crowd of famous men and women. It is a document to whioh! twenty kings have set their sign- manuals, aohronide iustousol the history of Franoe, a dumb yet doquant preacher of the mutability of human great- ness.— Jfariwi Crawford. Prof. Veiteh. — William Waiton. —World. Edinburgh Eevievi 