Bontea Dj a «host. The hesl-aiillienticaleri ,„a ,luiww the most interesting ghost stories of 1892 from the neighborhood of Sweetwater, Tei'in says the : New York Morning Advertise'l lonely grave, a ghost, an abandoned enhi,, ' —j n frightened neighborhood, of ignorant people ate the leading features of this orthodox narra tive. The u ii usual circumstance about it is ihQ number of honest, if superstitious, people who vouch for its truth. The story was at first treated incredulously, but in the course of a few weeks has come to be an established truth. Men are often hanged on one hundredth part of the evidence which substantiates this mystery. The history of the lonely grave comes first in' chronological order. It is briefly this : — John Duncan, a desperate and unprincipled character, was a " bushwhacker" in this vicinity during the late war. The repeated efforts of the Confeder- ate authorities to conscript him inflamed Dun can's miiid against the Southern cause, and the outlaw soon; became the.terror of Loudon county. On one occasion a man named H. Robinson, etill living near Sweetwater, saw Duncan riding through t ie a >nty with a prisoner. The latl- r was in the uniform of a Confederate lieutenant of cavalry, and was also mounted, Duncan keep, ing liiin covered with the long Kentucky rifle in common use then in that section. About an hour afterwards Duncan was seen riding back - the same point, leading his own horse and riding that which Iub prisoner had just been riding. Nothing further was ever seen or heard of the Confederate officer, and murders and mysterious disappearances were too frequent in those days to call for inore than passing . notice. Duncan had surprised and captured his tnan, taken him to a lonely spot in the woods, and there deliber ately murdered him. A porlien of the land in this vicinity was cleared soon afterwards by John Sherold, who still lives there. Last spring his son was mar ried, and erected a small house near his father's home. In " clearing" his new premises of under growth young Sherold discovered a sunken grave. He dug into it, and after only working a few minutes lih'eatrhed a skeleton. Several " C-S.A.' buttons were found, also a belt buckle with the same letters, with other marked bits of brass and steel, showing that the skeleton was that of a Confederate cavalry officer. The remains were carefully reintcrred, a neat mound formed over it, and the spot held sacred .by .the neighbors, as the grave of any human being wonld be. Shortly after, the discovery of the grave, as young Sherold and Jhis wife were silting by the stove one evening about 8 o'clock they were ril- mo6t paralysed with fear on beholding the form of a soldier coming through the door. The form was grey and shadowy, but the features were distinctly outlined. The ghostly soldier wore the faded grey uniform of a Confederate cavalry officer. Mr. and Mrs. Sherold neither moved nor spoke, and in nwestsuck silence watched the sojdier's form dissolve and disappear. Both : agree that, the apparition must have beeh plainly visiblo for fully five minutes. Both husband and wife decided not to meution this oecurrence to their neighbors, They also agreed finally to remain in the house, trusting 1 that they would never- again be molested by the unearthly visitor. Within six months, however, ,the eariie shadowy form appeared and dissolved no less than a score of times, Once the muffied sound of ri Bhot wns plainly heard, coming from : the direction of the soldier' b grave, and once the sound of a body falling and struggling upon the ground. One after another the neighbors bad been called in by the Sherolds, and the story Bpread. Dozens of thoroughly reliable, well-to- do people in London county are ready to swear to-dny that they have seen this shadowy figure in Confederate cavalry uniform, stalk into the Sherold cabin, moving slowly and noiselessly, and then melt away and aud slowly disappear. The cabin is vacant now. The Sherolds re mained there nearly six months after the first appearance of the ghostly figure, mid then, when they could stand it no longer, moved away. The place is offered for rent as a bargain, but no ten ants offer. The Confederate ghost lias undispu ted possession of the abandoned premises. 