THE BED STAB. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY FERGUS HUME. Author of "The Mystery of a IIansom Cad," ''Madam Midas," "The Gird from Malta," &c.; All Rmhts Reserved. I. There aro somo momorics so terriblo that when they recur to the unthink ing brain they have the power to mako Time retrace his stops and return once more to the moment when the events of which they are the tragic shadows took place. They are portions of a man's life, and when lie least suspects their pres ence they suddenly display themselves to his shuddering gaze. Every son of Adam, be his life ever so blameless, has, in his time, visited Hell, and brought from thence a memory which, filling the visionary scope of his mind's eye, haunts him for evermore. Ho shrinks back appallod ; he would fain shut out the horrible phantom : but look he must, for by his side it remains, mocking his futile efforts to exorcise its ghastly being. At times it fades into the unseen, only to return at some untoward moment with troublous persistence. My haunting memory is of a red star, — nay, no planetary splendor do I indicate by sucli a term ; neither Mars, nor Aldebaran, nor fiery Sirius, but an earth-begotten star which nightly burned from the topmost win- dow of a tall tower. Behind a clear evening sky ; in front, a sombre mass of turret, and gable, and battlement, clustering round the base of a lean minaret, which from its height gave forth a crimson gleam of angry seem- ing. , On the black waters of the morass encircling the building it flared with baleful savagery, piercing the sullen darkness of the night. Seated at the window of the inn I could mark it dominating the whole scene with its malign inlluenco. I saw it then, I see it now, and under its malevolence a man lying prone on the quaking surface of tho marsh, gazing pallid-faced, wild-eyed at the ebon pool, on whose breast float traitor bubbles, telling of horror and of death. The window of a chemist's shop, the common-place signals of a great rail way station, or the starboard lights of a channel steamer, each brings to my mind the memory of that red star. Then do I turn cold with tear. Then do I seek in theatre, in dance, in travel, a forgetfulness of that tall tower with its scarlet eye. In vain my quest for oblivion ; for the horror thrusts itself unannounced before my J mental gaze. I leave tho present, I return to the past, there to And the red star burning like an unquenchable witchlight. This bizarre episode of my life oc curred some years since, when I was on a walking tour in Essex. An artist by profession I combined busi- xicaa »hu j-ueuauie uy but: bulling a great deal during my desultory wan derings, so when I arrived at the little village of E I was rejoiced that I had a good record to show to Had rian. IIo was an author. One whose- pen (more graphic than my pencil) had s brought him fame.. I was delighted when he proposed that we should, in partnership, write and illustrate a small book ' of English strollings. Hitherto my ambition had been con fined to mere dilottanteism, but now the offer of Hadrian inspired me with the desire for a certain notoriety (scarcely to be called fame), and I im patiently awaited his arrival at our appointed meeting-place, tho Golden Plover Inn. Business had detained him in town, else had we journeyed in company ; but as it was, I sauntered for a whole fortnight through the pleasant Eng lish counties, in the hope that he would join me ere i reached E— . No such overtaking occurred, and at The Golden Plover I awaited his coming. The landlord was an oddity, with a twist of originality in his character, and showed himself, notwithstanding a certain stateiiness of demeanor, dis posed to be companionable. At the conclusion of my supper I sat by the casement of the parlor with a consoling pipe, while the host — John Ruth was his name — stalked stiff as Malvolio about the room. This hinting at sociability being at tho moment much to my taste, I invited him to crack a bottle of port in my company. Noth ing loth ho accepted the invitation. Thus having mutually arranged for a pleasant evening Rutli wont off to his cellar, and I, in a pleasing state of weariness, begotten by a long day on my legs, viewed the landscape from the parlor window. A prospect more wild, dreary and eloquent of desolation could scarcely be conceived. In the uncertain light — for it was now the twilight hour — it took on an unwholesome look which struck a chill into my being. The vil lage was not far from the sea, and tho uncanny seeming of tho outlook was tho more accentuated by the hollow boom of unseen waves. I could hear bub could not see tlieso complaining breakers, and this hidden presence, betraying itself only by dreary moan- ings, seemed a fitting typo of the in tangible horror which environed The Grange. The inn being at the end of tho vil- lago there was no dwelling beyond save this cumbrous mass rising por tentously against tho luminous sky. Past my window ran the hard line of ! — the high road, beyond this a stretch of sullen marsh spreading like a witch garden in front of the mansion. On a i slight rise it bulked disproportionately 1 in the landscape," and from its bluck- ness a tall, loan tower shot upward, j as though tho liouso was lifting a J warning finger. As is tho ease with somo faces a history is suggested by somo houses, and I felt suro that a gruesome story was attacliod to this sullen mansion lying betwixt marsh and sea. The dull roar of the waves might have told the story, or I might liavo gained soino legondary fragmonts j from the sighing wind, but unversed j in Nature's voices I could translate neither boom nor sigh, and was there fore compelled to apply for informa tion to the landlord. At this period of my reflections ho entered tho room, with tho port and candles, much to my relief, for the influence of that lonely house was depressing in the extreme. " AVhat is tho namo of that placo ?" I asked abruptly, as he set down his burden on tho table. " That, sir,'" replied Ruth, with stately slowness, " is called Tho Grange, where Lady Selwyn dwells." " "What ! Is anyone bold enough to live in that tomb ?" " lb is a tomb assented the land lord with a certain apprehension. " I only trust it is nothing worse." "What do you mean ?" Ruth shook his head significantly, poured out two glasses of wine, and pushed one towards my end of the table. "It is a God-forsaken place, sir, and they do say haunted. I- am not superstitious myself, Mr. Faloise, but I feel the horror of that house. Some thing in that house," he added ear nestly, "cries bitterly at night. It: is neither of earth nor of heaven, and it moans — moans in the darkness like a lost spirit. His words chilled me with a feeling of vague. horror. I would have spoken but that he reflectively sipped his wine and pursued his speech. i»uy auuuiu a nun anci oeauinui lady shut herself up in that dreary house 1 Why should she live in soli tude and only come out at night-time? She is young, she is beautiful ; but long years of horror have aged her face and cursed her soul. What is the Thing that moans in the darkness? I have asked her when she has come here, but she has made no reply. Yet, Mr. Faloise, at every visit I can see a fresh mark of hell upon the beauty of her face." " She comes out at night, you say ?" " Only at night 1 When the red star shines !" " The red star ?" " Look !" he cried, clutching my arm with one hand, and pointing through the window with the other. I felt a certain qualm of horror, and mechanically turned my eyes towards The Grange. There, from the height of tho tower, burned a fierce red light, which in the gathering darkness did indeed look like an evil star. " Every night it shines," resumed Ruth, wiping his brow. " Every night the Thing moans. No one lives there, save Lady Selwyn and her old servant, yet -when they come to this place the red star shines the Thing cries. Hark !' A faint, wailing cry swept past the house and died away in the distance. Wo looked atone another in silent dread, and once more Ruth -wiped. his brow. ' "It goes on like that," he said, hastily finishing' his wine, ' constantly. For two vears it lias been going on. I will never gefused to it, Mr. Faloise. I-, wish the whole of that accursed house would sink deep in tho morass." ' ' ' ; "The morass?" " Ay ! Facing the mansion is no firm land, but merely a quaking bog, the crossing of which means death to the unwary. Behind is the sea, in front i3 the marsh ; so you see, Mr. Faloise, those who dwell in that house are well defended." "Defended!"! echoed, puzzled at the strangely chosen wood. " Why should the house be defended?" " You now know as much as I do," replied Ruth, obstinately ; " you have seen the red star, you have heard the Thing crying. There is some hellish secret about The Grange, Mr. Faloise, but no one can reveal it save Lady Selwyn " " Ah ! what is that ?" I cried, with a thrill of fear, as a dark figure flitted past the window, followed by the dancing light of a swinging lantern. " It is Lady Selwyn and her ser vant," said tho landlord, laying aside his pipe ; " they come nightly for pro visions — wine and such like. Excuse me for a moment, Mr. Faloise." With this he vanished, and I was left alone to ruminate over the strange history he had told me — no history either, but rather a suggestion of mystery, of infinite dread. I looked at the menacing tower, at the red star flaring in the windy night. This hinting of nameless horrors was too much for my nerves. Suddenly, over come by an overwhelming curiosity, I left the window, I left the room, and sought tho keeper of the secret — Lady Selwyn. Draped in a long black cloak, she was standing in tho porch with the lantern-bearer, an old woman who I guessed was her servant. The yellow light of tho candle held by the landlord Etruck full on her fnco. Boautiful exceedingly was that countenance, but on the lovely face and in the eyes lurked the apprehensive look of a hunted beast. Ruth, hearing my steps, turned suddenly, thereby throwing the light on to my features. Tho next instant, with a strange cry, Lady j Selwyn darted forward like a mad I woman. Laying her thin hands on ; my shoulders sho devoured my face j with her eyes. I felt her shaking ; through the whole length of her body, j but so thunderstruck was I that the Medusa beauty of her face turned me, as it were, to stone. " Who are you ?" she asked, in a low, fierce voice, pressing hardly on my shoulders. " Hugh Faloise — an artist," I stam mered, thinking it beet to humor her caprice. " I am here on a walking tour." "Go away at once!" hissed Lady Selwyn, shaking mo like a reed. " Do you hoar me? Go away." On uttering these words she faced round abruptly as to depart ; then, snatching tho light from Ruth, held it to my face. " His hair ! his eyes ! his mouth !" sho muttered eagerly. "So liko him once. Heavens ! to think what he is now !" A convulsive shudder shook her from head to foot. Dropping the candle, sho drew the hood of her cloak over her face and fled away into tiio night, followed by the woman with the lantern. Wo wero left in darkness — for thecandlo had been extinguished — thunderstruck at the episode. Then past tho houso floated that mooning cry, and with one accord wo dashed back into tho parlor. " I shan't stay here another weok," said Ruth with an oath ; " it's killing work." The whole affair was so weird that I could not blame him for his fear. Indeed I also was trembling, and it took two glasses of wine to restore my courage. On recovering my nerve I pulled out my sketch-book. " What aro you going to do, sir?" asked Ruth, observing my action curiously. "Draw Lady Selwyn's face from memory." While I did so he looked over my shoulder, seemingly disin clined to leave my company. Two years had not reconciled him to' the evil atmosphere of the place. 1' did not wonder at that, but I did wonder how it was ho was not in a lunatic asylum. - Two days would have been enough for me, not to speak of two years. I have no relish for devildom. Lady Selwyn's eccentric conduct had upset me thoroughly. I -could hardly draw the portrait ; not that I had for gotten the face, but because my hand was shaking. This sort of thing in a lone inn slackens a man's nerve and renders him incapable of doing justice tu alio )i wiviiaa,tuij« miuo u ag uutau ui an artist, but no one .would have thought so had they seen the portrait, drawn from memory, of Lady Selwyn. When I say, no ono I mean no cultured person, for Ruth said it was a speak ing likeness. Bub then he was not an artist and I was ; whereby I saw the faults and lie did not, However, horrors considering, it was passable, and pleased me mightily. " Ruth," said I, signing my name to the drawing, " I am going to stay here and investigate." " Investigate what, sir 1 " "This mystory.' Light, voice, and woman. A most unholy trinity." " You'll find nothing, sir," said the landlord, emphatically. " I have tried for a year and failed." "Oh! Well, I will try for a year also and shall not fail." Ruth pointed towards the red star. "It is like a danger signal," he said, solemnly. " Better leave it alone, sir." : I wish I had -taken his advice— now. ' "i£ ' I made a discovery that night ; one '.which surprised me largely A When a man has reached the 'age- of thirty years without knowing the -inner' meaning of the word " love " lie has a right to. feel surprised on acquiring that knowledge without study. I did nob seek love on the contrary, love- in the person of Lady Selwyn — hunted me; out ; consequently I was not a free agent in the matter. At 4\. l- xl— - t 1 — 1 j 11.. buu tiiiiu j. uuiuiy u,u iwysuu une affair in this fashion, for the dis covery was somewhat overwhelming. I tossed on an uneasy pillow all night wondering what disease had seized me, and matters wero hardly improved by my lighting the candle at intervals to look at the picture. All tho horror of red star and wailing voice was for gotten by me, my brain being fully occupied by the thought that Lady Selwyn was a beautiful woman whom I adored. I; offer no opinion on this matter, but simply set down the exist- ing facts. . , Being in this dazed condition I was naturally anxious to confide my troubles to someone. Ruth was scar cely an inviting repository. I knew nobody in the neighborhood, and self- communion was unsatisfactory ; there fore the most obvious course was to await the coming of Hadrian. Some where about noon he duly arrived, without any apologies for his tardi ness ; bub this omission on his part I waived, being only too thankful to see his dour countenance. By dour I do not mean exactly ill. natured, for Hadrian had some" geniality in his disposition, though it did not show itself in his face. For tunately I knew that this index to his mind was a bad one, else I had not made him my confidant. As it turned out, he did not receive my story so well as I hud expected, but this I put clown to his jealousy in the matter of friendship. Hadrian was a good physiognomist, and anxious for his unbiassed opinion I said nothing about Lady Selwyn, but slipped the portrait in with the rest of the sketches. In a few minutes Hadrian, as I expected he would, asked to see what work I had dono, so I placed the whole lot before him and waited the result in silence. He went to work in his usual ungracious man ner, making remarks complimentary and otherwise — mostly otherwise. In due course he camo across the por trait, and to my astonishment showed an unexpected acquaintance with the original. "Why, Faloise," he said.turning towards me, sketch in hand, "whero have you seen Lady Selwyn ?" " Do you know her, Hadrian ?" " Excellently well ! She was the heroino of that queer story of two seasons ago." "What queor story 1" "Oh, I forgot. You were in India at the time," said Hadrian, replacing tho sketch in the portfolio. " How ever, I can tell you tho whole history — but first let mo hear how you came to make her acquaintance." I would rather have heard the Lon- don history first, and then narrated tho sequol ; hut Hadrian, as I knew of old, was as obstinate as a mule. Un less I gratilied his curiosity ho cer tainly would not gratify mine, so with quick despatch I told him all that had taken placo on tho previous night. The important detail of my falling in love I withheld for tho presont. I might as well liavo told it at once, fori saw Hadrian guessed the truth from my toil-talo cheeks. However, ho made no sign of sucli knowledge, but, when .1. had finished the story, looked out at Tho Grange intently through the win dow. Naturally 1' expected to be directly addressed, but in place of this Hadrian began a monologue as though lie wero alone. At first I felt indignant, but as his soliloquy seemed pertinent to the subject, I listened. "Apparently," observed Hadrian to himself, "she saw the likeness between Yarst and Faloise." That accounts for her emotion. Sho loved Yarst deeply, and when he died buried her self in this tomb. Now' a ghost in the person of Faloiso has revived that love givon to a dead man ; so it is not un likely she will transfer her affections to the living. Faloise resembles the non-existing Yarst greatly. Doubt less she will lovo him. Tho question is — will Faloise love her ? " " Faloise does love her ; " I broke in impetuously, whereupon Hadrian, con trary to his usual gravity, burst out laughing. "So ! I havo' caught you in a trap, Faloise. Yes ; I am ' aware that you love this woman, Y"our cheeks, your eyes were eloquent. Now your tongue betrays you. Faloise," he added, touching my breast with an emphatic forefinger, " had I not tricked you into this confession you would -have held your peace." "Indeed, you are. wrong. I intended to tell you as soon as ; you arrived." Hadrian, taking out his watch, glanced at the dial with a mocking smile. " I have been with you close on an hour and you liavo told me — nothing. uu iiiuuii lut yum iuticuui uu. xuu iuvo this woman?" " Yes, I do ! " " And you would marry her ? " "If she would have me 1 " " You talk like a child ! " said Hadrian, roughly, " Marry a woman of whom you know nothing — whose face you have hardly seen ! A woman who, as you can see for yourself, con ceals some shameful secret in that house. Don't be a fool, Faloise ! " " Calling me names will not .alter my determination," I rejoined, a trifle nettled ; " tell me what you know about her and I will judge for my self." Hadrian bib his fingers — a trick with him when annoyed — then with out further preamble, burst out into the story of Lady Selwyn. " She is a young widow !" he began with a jerk of his head, by which I knew how angry he was. " A young widow not without attractions, as you know, nor without money, as you don't know. More than two years ago — I may say three— when I was in town and you wore ih the East, she buried her first husband and fell in love witif Paul 'Yarst, artist. It was said she had. been in . love .'with him before she married Sir Peter Selwyn's title and fortune, but at all events, no sooner was the old man buried than she became engaged to Yarst. He re sembled you greatly, and, like you, was an artist, which I think you must admit is a curious coincidence. During Lady Selwyn's period of mourning he want, f.rt f.lio T?.ncf. «q vnii rli/4 TTrxlilro vx, j vxax. vmmu you — and this is the first point of dif ference between you — he returned from thence afflicted with some disease. I don't know the name of the disease, but it killed him, and may be said to havo killed her, seeing how she has shut herself up in . yonder tomb to mourn him. You, my friend, are very like Yarst, so' I should not feel sur prised if she fell in love with you. In her eyes, remember, you are Yarst redivivus. My advice to you is to escape her snares by immediate flight. As to your red. star,. I cannot divine its meaning, nor do I think it worth troubling about. .All 1 know for cer tain is that Lady Selwyn loved Yarst, and as you resemble Yarst she will assuredly love you.. So there you have the story. Sufficiently commonplace, is it not ?" , "Yes! and sufficiently reputable also," I interrupted, hotly. " I see nothing to condemn in her conduct and much to praise. She must be a loving woman to mourn so truly for the dead. By your own showing my resemblance to Yarst gives . me a chance of success,, and as I love her I see no reason why I should- hot become her husband." " I trust you will not be so foolish, Faloiso." , ' ! , "Pray do not argue further. My mind is niade upV'U" ' " ' ' " And so is/ mine," he rejoined, angrily springing from. his chair. " If you intend-.to make a .fool of yourself I wash my hands of the whole busi ness. Give up this idea, Fal.oise, or I leave you forever." " As you please," I answered, cut- sing short tho discussion, and with that left the room. When I returned Ruth informed lue that Hadrian hud gono. Presumably it was jealousy which caused him to act in this foolish way. He could not bear to think that a woman should come between us ; but as a woman had done so, lie considered himself affronted, and departed in anger. It would be useless to deny that I was sorry for this breach be tween us. do not mako friends easily, and Hadrian was my closest companion. Notwithstanding my re- grot, I was too much in love to brood long over this sovorance, and dismiss ing Hadrian's folly from my mind, ad dressed myself to the task of solving the red star mystery. I wonder if thoro is a perverse Fate who ever makes tilings go contrary to what wo wish. In my caso I was in clined to take this view of Providence, for I wanted Lady Selwyn to visit tho Goldon Plover as usual, but she never made her appearanco. The old woman came for such necessaries as were re quired, but T.ndy Selwyn remained in seclusion. I spent my days in walk ing up and down the high road in front of tho morass and my nights in the parlor waiting for her coming, but neither by day nor by night did I seo her. Ruth informed me that beforo my arrival she nightly paid a visit to the inn. Seeing that she did so no longer I was forced to blamo either that supposititious Fate or my likeness to Paul Varsfc, deceased. Eacli day I haunted the high road, watching tiiat detestable house, ouch night I sat in the parlor eyeing that reel star and listening to tho Tiling wailing. 1' got used to both in the end, showing that even horrors can bocomo stale, Ruth usually kept me company, and wo talked of many things — of Lady Selwyn among others -"-but I learned no more than I had been told on tho first night. And all this time I was in a perfect fever of excitement. This unsatisfactory life went on for about a week. At the end of that time tho old woman brought a letter in which Lady Selwyn implored mo to go away. I took no notice of this, hut haunted the high road as usual, whereupon tho noxt night brought mo another letter ordering mo to depart. I heeded the command as little as I had done the entreaty. Then there ensued a perfect deluge of notes, imploring, ordering, requesting, beseeching. Lady Selwyn ran through the whole gamut of a woman's arts in wheedling a man to do her bidding. It was all of no avail. I was as obstinate in staying as she was in hiding. Neither of us would give in. At last she did. Towards the end of the second week she unexpectedly made her appearance in the parlor, ordered John Ruth out of the room, and gave me a warm quarter of an hour. " If you are a gentleman, Mr. Faloise, you will leave this place," she said indignantly. "I have written you at least a dozen letters, of none of which have you taken any notice." " Really, Lady, Selwyn, I do not see why I should leave this place," I answered mildly. " Is it reasonable to expect me to do so ?" " You are driving me mad." "IIow so ?" For answer she covered her face with her hands, and burst into tears, I advanced to soothe her, but on touching her shoulder she sprang up with a terrified gesture. " No ! No ! Do not touch me. I cannot bear it. Oh ! if you only knew my story !' " I do know your story. That you loved Paul Varst, who is dead, and that I resemble Paul Yarst." "Who told you this?" she asked with a quick intake of the breath. " I learned it inadvertently. Is it because I resemble Paul Yarst that you wish me to go ?" " Yes ! yes ! You are so like him. You have his eyes, his voice. To me you are a spectre. Paul Varst was like you, and now " " He is dead, and you mourn his loss in that dreary mansion. Surely you have suffered enough and can for get the past." She shivered, spreading ojit her hands with a gesture of despair. " No ! I can never forget the past." " Let mo teach you to do so." "What do you mean, Mr. Faloise?" sho cried, shrinking back from my out stretched arras, " That I love you." " For God's sake say no more." . I caught her to my breast before she could avoid me. " I must 1 speak, Lady Selwyn. I love you ! I love you ! The moment I beheld your face in the porch yonder I loved you. I drew your picture from memory — from the memory of my heart. I resemble Paul Varst. Lovo me for his sake if not for my own. She thrust mo back with such vio lence that I reeled against the wall. " How dare you insult me ! " sho panted, clenching her hands. "You are a stranger. I know nothing of you, and yet — and yet you dare to speak of love to me — to me," striking her breast with closed fist, " who am vowed to tho dead." "I cannot help myself. I am a coward, acting as I do ; but blame the lover, not tho man. I should go away when you bid me ! I cannot ! I dare not! Tho sight of your face has ruined my life ! If I leave you I die ! You aro killing me — yes, killing me ! Can you not see how I sufi'er ?" The angry light in her eyes softened to the mild radiance of pity. Cross ing the room she laid her hand oil my bowed head. "Poor fellow! You suffer. I also suffer. But we must both suffer in silence. I am under the ban of hell!" . " What do you mean? That house ' " I dare toll you no more. The red light warns mo to hold my poace." "What , does it mean?" I said, again' grasping her poor thin hands. " It means the tortures of hell," she whispered with slow torror. " I liavo seen a soul writhing in the grip of fiends. Pray to God you may never look upon such sights as sear my eyes. We must meet no more, Mr. Faloise. Let mo bear my curse alone." " Nay, I wijl help you to bear it." " You cannot. It is too horrible ! Let me go, Mr. Faloiso. I cannot ! I dare not love you ! " " Then you do love me ?" Without a word she bent forward and kissed my cheek. At that moment wo heard tho wailing of the accursed tiling, whereupon, with a burst of hysterical laughter, she fled from the room. I followed with speed, but sho had already vanished in the darkness, nor could my iniplorings cull her back to my arms. Tho next night she failed to appear, but the old woman brought mo another letter. " Pity my weakness, and go," wore the contonts, and the paper was stained with tears. Those tears decided my course. Nothing now would induce me to leave tho place without soothing this sorrow. 1" swore to enter the Giange, to enter that room from whence shone the red light, to discover what it was that wailed so horribly. I sacrificed my soul to keep that oath, but I kept it. After a haggard night I walked up the road at dawn to examine the morass. If possiblo I desired to cross it and ontor Tho Grange, but as I stood hesitating on tho verge of the unsteady ground a woman cried aloud. On looking up I saw Lady Selwyn balanced above the black water, and in less than a minute she was by my side. / " Go away, Mr. Faloise," she panted, pushing me backward. " What do you wish ?" "To ontor Tiio Grange." " Impossible. It is death to enter." " Nevertheless I will enter." " For what reason ?" I whispered my reply in her ear, as though it were too awesome to be spoken aloud. " I wish to marry you. That house holds somo horrible secret, which is blighting your life. Let me in. Tell me what it is, and I will free you from its influence." "Thoro. is no secret," she denied, witli downcast eyes. "There is ! I am determined to find out its mystery. Why does that red star shine from the tower at dusk ? What is it that moans iu the dark ness ?" " You are killing mo," she gasped, pressing her hand to her side. " Go away, I implore you, Mr. Faloise. I dare not tell you anything." Then, with sudden defiance, "I shall not tell you anything, nor will I see you again." I would have folded her to my arms, but with a sudden spring she placed a portion of the morass be tween us. "You will sink !" I cried, sick with horror, as tiio ground quivered under her light weight. "No; I guide myself by the white stones I" she called back. " Good-bye, Mr. Faloise. Do not come here again. It means death to you and to me." With this she vanished into the house, and daunted by that- horrible marsh I dared not to follow her. Slowly I roturned to the inn, The east wa3 red with the dawn, but redder than the east burned the star from the tall tower. III. I determined to forco my way into The Grange that night. Devoured alike by love and curiosity my state of mind was favorable to the enterprise. That it was a desperate one I gathered from the hints thrown out by Lady Selwyn. The half hysterical life of the past two weeks, in place of des troying niy norve, had screwed up my courage to a point of reckless dar ing. I knew that such artifi ciality would sooner or later collapse, but before the collapse came I swore to discover the secrot of the red star. Of such resolve I told no one, not even Ruth, but making some trivial excuse for taking a - walk, strolled up to that morass which formed so effective a defence to The Grange. In the soft Juno twilight tho sullen marsh spread its sliminess before me. The inky pools of black water, the un healthy green of the vegetation, the graveyard richness of gthe mould, all filled Sie with repugnance. It was like a grave, and for aught I knew might be mine, seeing that I was ignorant of the secrot crossing. Lady Selwyn had guided her course by the white stones, so for such landmarks I looked. xney aotccu cne DtacKness irregularly, but by following their eccentric: curvings I made sure to arrive safely on the other side. . I am not religious, but as I shivered on tho edge . of that possiblo grave, and noted the evil gleam of the red star, I put up a hurried prayer for protection. . . Then I set a cautious foot on the spot indi cated by tho first stone. The treacherous ground quivered like a jelly us tho black bog water oozed sluggishly round my feet. Pru dently trying every resting-place in. advance with my stick, I sprang from one stone to another, ever feeling the quaking of the quagmire. There was no sign of life about tho house, and though I half expected Lady Selwyn to issue forth >vith warning cries, she did not make her appearance. Several times my heart was in my mouth as X slipped on the spongy soil ; but in the end I was safely across, and found myself on firm ground. I now stood fairly committed to tho adventure, for the morass was my Rubicon, yet for tho moment I felt qualmish. My body counselled retreat, but my soul inclined to pushing forward in the teeth of danger. Urged on by this desire, I marched boldly towards the low brick wall of the house. It ran the whole length of the .facade,, and the rusty iron gate in the centre was closely barred. By looking through the narrow railings I could catch a glimpse of the front door. It stood wido open, as though Lady Selwyn deemed tho morass a sufficient protection from the outside world ; so seeing that there was but one obstacle to overcome, I plucked up heart. Ono portion of the dilapidated wall afforded perilous foothold. Of this I took advantage, and not without some abrasions of the knees, managed to clamber over. I then found myself directly under the red eye of tho tower. It seemod to my distempered fancy to follow my movements in a stealthy manner, but undaunted by the bogey of superstition, I hurried forward to the open door. Within was a mighty hall, with a wide stairenso ascending into upper glooms, and so ghostly did it look that for the moment my spirit quailed. Oil recollecting, however, that tho house was but tenanted by two weak women, I felt ashamed of my momentary panic, and stolo to the foot of the staircase. I did not know in which portion of this vast placo Lady Selwyn resided, but ' judging that she would live above tho i unwholesome miasma of tho morass, I | decided to seok her on the first floor. J ust as I placed my foot on the ! stair I heard the noise of descending feet, and had barely time to draw back into the shadow, when a woman ap peared on the landing. It was nob Lady Selwyn, but. her servant, going, as I judged from the basket on her arm, to the inn for provisions. She glided past me like a ghost, and having unlocked the iron gate, crossed the morass with an nir of confidence which showed her to be thoroughly conversant with the dangerous way. The gato was loft wide open ; so here, if I chose to take it, was- my chance of rotreat ; but I was bent on accomplishing my desire, and, giving myself no timo for coward reflection, rapidly mounted 1 ho stairs. Through the dingy windows filtered the doubtful light, creating within an atmosphere rather less luminous than . was without. Still when my eyea be came accustomed to the heavy gloom I managed to get about with consider able ease, but where I went I do not know to this day. My sole idea was to find Lady Selwyn ; therefore I took no stock of my surroundings, but hunted blindly through room and echoing corridor. I descended stairs here, I went up others there, down long passages I ran, and hesi tated in rooms bare of fur niture, but I saw nothing. Up to this period of lifo I had never- felt the horror of loneliness, having been always within hail of my fellow creatures. I felt it now. Seated, through weariness, on the floor of an empty apartment, I wa3 seized with a deadly feeling to which I can put no name. It made mo shiver and turn sick. I felt myself environed by empty space. Methouglit there was no man in the world save I. Then tho Thing came. I can put no namo to that either. . It did nob show itself visibly, but there it wos, not at any particular spot, but nil round ma A faint sickly odor cor rupted the atmosphere. My mouth Was parched with nervous heat, and the perspiration rolled down my back. Tho twilight had condensed into a thick darkness, and I in the midst thereof was seated forlorn, forgotten of God and man. I could see nothing, I could hear nothing, but "it was thero, whatever it was, on all sides. I clutched my knees . and shivered, while It moved . invisibly . around. Then I knew the sufferings of lost souls. How long I was uhder this malign influence I cannot tell, but it seemed to me that I sat for hours shivering in the clinging darkness. The climax came when It began to whimper. I felt my flesh creep. At the secoud whimper I shriekod with horror. Scarcely had my voice died away when I heard the sound of someone approaching, and Lady Selwyn entered the room bearing a lighted candle. The nerve of the woman was astonish ing, Schooled, I suppose, by the horrors constantly surrounding her, she showed no fear, but moved swiftly towards me. I looked up, shaking like a leaf, and tho light revealed my face. " Mr. Faloise !" she cried, falling back a pace, " In God's namo how did you enter?" Paying no attention to her ques tion, I clutched her dress in a paroxysm of fear. " What is It that cries in the dark ness ? Hark !'' Again I heard . that, indescribable sound, and she heard it also, for her white faco blanched still whiter. " Go ! Go she whispered, drag ging mo to my feet. " Ask nothing. Go!" "I will know your secret !" ' The finiltifl fl.trn.in. Vmfc t,his tima in : a 1 angry tone,' like tho snarl of a dog. . " If you don't go I cannot protect you," sho cried in alarm, and seizing my arm hurried me from the room. In hor presence I recovered my courage, and would have spoken, but she shook her head for me to keep silent. Leading mo through the lonely passages, sho made no pause until we found ourselves in the entrance hall. It did not follow us, for when we arrived at the foot of the stnircaso I felt a certain sense of relief, as though .the invisible presence had departed. " The door and the gate are both open," said Lady Selwyn, rapidly, "go at onco and recross the marsh by the white stones." " Tell me what it all means." , " Since you" know so much, you may as well know all, Mr. Faloise, but you will regret your curiosity to your dying day." " ; " It is too late now for regrets. Tell me all !" " When I do, swear that you will . leave . this village at once and keep silence." " I swear 1" "So much for your love," she said bitterly. " I seo your curiosity has overpowered that feeling." " Lady Selwyn — " "Huslil. speak no more on that subject. What is the matter?" "Heavens!" I whispered, looking apprehensively around ; " It is here . again !" " I know that," she replied com posedly, " but you will not see It." " What is the Thing that cries?" "Paul Yarst?" said Lady Selwyn, putting her hand to her breast. " But he'is dead !" "No, he is not dead. He lives . here. Shut out from tho world for ever. Tho living dead." " What is the reason ?" She put her lips to my ear and whispered one word. It curdled my blood with horror and I cried out. Again I hoard the Thing moan, but this time its moaning shaped itself into human speech. "Paul Varst! Paul Varst !" it wailed pitifully. " Once he was liko you. Pray God you may never become like him. A leper 1 A leper ! An outcast! Oh, my punishment 1 My punishment!" Tho voice died away in a heart breaking sigh. Foar staying my speech, I interrogated Lady Selwyn by a look. "Now you know tho truth," she said, weoping bitterly. " Ho was my lover, but contracted this frightful disease '(iliEast. On his return to England it mtiV1 tested itself, I loved . him too well to leavo him. Spreading a report of his death I brought him secretly to this place and condemned I myself to share his living death.11 " But tho red star t " I "He cannotbear. the light of Heaven to reveal his deformity, even to himself. The windows of his room are of reel glass, through which the lamplight shines at night.-' " Oh, my punishment ! My punish ment !" moaned the invisible Thing. " I suffer in life what others sufFer after death. Away ! away ! or you will bocome even as that which was once Paul Varst." I clutched Lady Selwyn's arm, and tried to drag her to tho open door. "Come away ! Come away from this accursed house." Tho Thing whimpered angrily, and a look of alarm- overspread her face. " I cannot ! I dare not I Go 1 Go ! There is danger." Leave that living corpse, I beg of you. It is accursed." "Ah! Ah! Ah!" moaned the voice, ' do not leavo me — do not leave me. You loved me once — do not leave me." Tho Horror beat against tho wall, and fearing lest it should reveal itself I dragged Lady Selwyn nearer the door by main force. " Never mind it. Come away ! Quick ! Quick ! " " I dare not,'' she gasped, hanging back. " I dare not. He would kill me, and I loved him.'' " Once, but not now. Paul Yarst is dead. You love Hugh Paloise ! " The Thing overheard my remark, and its voice arose in a howl of fury. With a cry of fear Lady Selwyn fell half fainting into my arms. In an other moment I was out of the gate with my burden, trying to cross the morass. I heard the whimpering of the Thing in pursuit, but dared not turn my head. The cool nir revived Lady Selwyn, and midway in the marsh she began to struggle. " Let me go ! Let mo go ! He wants me. Paul ! Paul !" It answered with the roar of a wild animal, and before I knew of its proximity Lady Selwyn was wrenched from my arms. She made a horrible noise, scarcely human, and I turned. Its face was looking straight at me. " Oh, heavens !" I screamed, and fell face downward on the quaking earth. I must have fainted, but as my head had fallen partially into the water I speedily recovered. All was still. A few bubbles on the near pool showed where It had sunk with Its living burden. Wrapped in each other's arms the dead and the living had gone down into that loathsome quagmire. I looked up with an ashen face, The Bed Star was shining over their grave. 