"" 80ME 60 YEARS AGO." A TALE OF THE SOUTH OF IRELAND. -0 BY KE.?-axr S.ODGRASS. [ALL RIGHS RESERVED.] CaPLrEa V. The morning following the events narrated in the preceding chapter broke bright and clear at Castle Verner. True to her resolution, Ida stood on the hill steps waiting for her pony to brought round. Though her sweet face was paler than usual, and there was an anxious look in the soft brown eyes, still there was at the Same time, an expression of firmness about our heroine, which urged that that the course of action upon which Ehe had decided over night would be carried out this morning. As the groom appeared' with Rony, she hastily drew him to the step and placing her tiny foot in the stirrup, vaulted lightly into the saddle. Bid ding the boy run on and open the gate, she trotted after him, and gaining the road, dropping the whip on to Rony's flank, he sprang away at a pace which caused the groom to open his solitary eye and mutter ' sotto voce' " 'Tis the wimmin's the divil to ride." An hour's sharp riding and she halted her pony at the gate of Widow Brandon's cottage garden. Without waiting to see whether anyone was coming to take the pony; with a heart beating with anxiety and excitement, she left Bony to crop the grass on the roadside, and opening the wicket, walked up to the door. She had barely knocked when the door opened, and Dora gazed at her in utter sur prise. As the eyes of the two girls met, there was that in Ida's which sent a thrill of apprehension through the other's heart. Dora was the first to speak. " Ida dear," and her voice trembled slightly, "what is it ? What brings you here so early ?" Ida hesitated a moment, while her color went and came, and then she threw her arms around Dora's neck and pressing her lips to her cheek, whispered, "Dora, is Brandon here? Is Frank here? I must see him at once," and raising her face she looked eagerly and questioningly into Dora's eyes. Dora returned her gaze earnestly and momentarily ignoring Ida's eager question she whispered back. "Ida dear is it true ?" Ida's sole reply was once more to press her warm, ripe lips to Dora's soft cheek and whisper " my sister ! my sister !" Nothing could be more ex plicit. It is not always the actual words so much as the expression we throw into them, that conveys our full meaning. Dora returned her embrace lovingly and then said in reply to Ida's first question, , He is not here, Ida, he went away last night, but came back an hour before dawn. He had to draw money from the bank to pay his men and then-Oh ! Ida he's going to leave them for ever," and this was said in a tone of heartfelt thankfulness. Widow Brandon, who had overheard the voices. now called from her room and asked who was there. Ida went in and assuming an air of gaiety, which was sadly at variance with the feelings of her heart; told the old lady that " the morning was so lovely she had been unable to resist a ride before breakfast in the fresh air-a white fib, which added slightly to the tint of the roses, which the rapid breeze from the hills and the rapid exercise had brought to her cheeks. However, hastily making her escape from the widow, telling her she must be back in time for breakfast,-she left the cottage. Passing down the garden with Dora, she poured out all her fears with regard to Brandon; and begged Dora to tell him everything imme diately he returned. Dora's heart stood still as she heard of the expected advent of the soldiers. Nothing, however, could now be done but wait till Brandon's return. Ida was intensely disappointed to find that herlover was absent. Nothing further however, could now be done, and anxious that her mormng's exercise should pass without comment at home, she mounted her pony and started back to Castle Verner. Rony's smooth skin was flaked with foam as Ida handed him over to the groom; and it is certain that as that individual glanced first Rony's satin coat and then at his mistress he was still furthur confirmed in his opinion expressed a short time before that "It's the wimmin's the divils to ride." When half-an- hourlater, Ida entered the breakfast room, all traces of her morning's exercise had disappeard, and as she sat opposite her father it would have been impossibleforanyone to guess from outward appearance to tumult of anxiety with which herloving heart was filled. The meal was an uncomfortable one for her, as her father was unaware of her ride and she felt a strange timi dity at mentioning it to him. Several times she checked herself on the point of touching upon it, but the conscious ness of having something to conceal, so unusual to her frank nature seemed, in some unaccountable way, to separate her from her father-her kind and in dulgent father-who had inideed been father and mother to her for so many years. Mrs. Verner had passed away to the land of shadows when Ida was two years old, any pity being added to the natural love for his little daughter, and hearts of both had been drawn closer, than under other circumstances might have been the case. It was only to be expected then that Ida, naturally frank, sincere and truthful, should he dis tressed by the unusual position in which the events of the last two days had placed her. She seemed un consciously to endeavor to make amends for her first want of confidence towards her loved father, by an added tenderness of manner and voice. Her manner was indeed almost pathetic in itstenderness and solicitude; prompted perhaps, by some instinct which told her, though she had scarcely realised the fact, that a love greater and stronger, even than that of father and daughter, had arisen in her heart and taken possession of her whole being. Breakfast being over, one of the maids brought in the morning's letters and newspapers and among them a letter from young Verner to his father. The Colonel recognising Pat's hand writing, remarked in a pleased voice, "Ah ! a letter from Pat" broke the seal and glancing at the first few-lines he exclaimed, " Here's good news Ida dear ! the boy will be down here in command of a half company of his men to assist the police to protect the revenue,"-- but we will give a portion of the letter in his own words. " My dear father, I am just starting with a small party of a dozen files, to assist the police force in your neighborhood in protecting the revenue. I shall probably be with you on Thursday." Colonel had get this far, when Ida who had risen and was standing behind her father, reading the letter over his shoulder, exclaimed in a voice which she in vain endeavored to render steady. "Thursday ! why father, to day is Thursday. We must be making a mistake, he must mean next week." " No " said the Colonel "' I think not he heads his letter Thre Curragh, Monday. The letter must surely have been delayed in transmission. Why, yes, the boy will be here to-day, you must get his room ready at once my dear." Reading the letter aloud the Colonel continued-" You will remember, dear father, my promising to tell you all about my mysterious adventure on the moors, well, I will keep my promise when I come back, as I fancy strange as it may seem, it may have some connection with my present duty " and the letter concludded with love to Ida. " Ha !" the Colonel continued as he handed the letter to Ida, " It will be pleasant to have Pat with us again " and he proceeded, with an expression of pleasure on his kindly features to open other letters. During the reading of Pat's missive, Ida's heart beat fast. That her brother should be sent down on this duty added to her distress; but as the thought of the danger to which Bran don might be exposed, recurred to her mind, her courage rose and she re solved that she would use any means to waru and if possible, protect her lover. She earnestly hoped that her brother's arrival might be delayed, if only for a day or two. Fate, however, willed it otherwise, for even as she stood thinking thus, a barking of dogs, -a crushing of gravel,-a hasty step in the hall, and Pat himself strode into the room and clasped her in his arms. " Well, father, here I am" exclaimed Pat, as he grasped his father's hand with a frank strong grip, that told the love and confidence between father and son. "Well, Pat, my son," returned the Colonel, " where did you come from and where are your men ?" " Oh ! I left them in charge of Ser geant M'Whae and came on ahead. You see I was impatient to get home. I stayed at the Edwards' last night, borrowed a horse from them and started at daylight this morning." The Colonel's heart swelled with pride as he gazed at his handsome son, who looked in his uniforin, every inch a soldier. " And now Ida," ccntinued Pat gaily, " I'll take some breakfast. Why," suddenly looking rt his sister, "Ida darling, what's the matter, you look like a ghost, and you don't look half happy at seeing me home." " My dear brother," and she put her arm round his neck, " what non sense. I am very glad to see you" she replied in answer to his reproach and gave him an affectionate kiss. Her brother gazed tenderly and anxiously into her eyes, as she forced a smile and said, " I'll ring for fresh coffee," and they settiLu , &wn; to a gay chat about the doings at the Curragh, fTO BE CONrTUED.) 