SATURDAY^ JULY 22 1891 _t li i -The present Government took office as a Ministry of retrenchment. And everyone, we think, 'will admit that Ministers put their shoulders to tho wheel in good earnest, and that up to a certain point they have done yeoman's service, and have deserved right well of the country. Where they blundered at tho time, and where they have blun- dered in their Budget, is in not recog- nising the gravity of the May financial crisis. The community would have been gieatly better off ( to-day if the state, recognising the calamitous con-" sequences of a sudden lock-up of the ordinary circulating capital of the country, had come to tho relief of the current account holder, thus saving business from a shock and tho revenue fiom severe contrac- tion. But the Government insisted that nothing was taking place that con- cerned it.! And now we have the same error 'in' connection with tho' finance.. ' In his Castlemaine address tho Premier spoke of an income tax as a possibility. Why, then, asks,Mr. DOWNES CARTER should the Government not impose an income tax now? {The May crisis is to tho lion, gentleman as' though it were not. Tho Treasurer has yet, it seems, to learn that incomes were struck at heavily ty that catastrophe, and that it cannot bo in the interests of tho com- munity to administer to incomes yet another blow. Tho pressuie felt by the banks lias to be passed on by the banks, and thus calls are being made upon investors all round. Which of those payments are to bo regarded as investments and which as losses no one can tell, but in tho mean- time it is' certain that, taking incomes as incomes, no moic strain should be placed upon them than is possible. If thero were a muriain among cattle, that would not be tho lit time for a cattle tax ; and if thero wore a blight upon the crops, that would not be a fit opportunity for new charges upon pro- duce No doubt in the cases men- tioned tl(ie graziers whoso herds had escaped could pay, and so also could tho farmer whose fields were not damaged, but in other cases tho taxes would bo a cruelty. ^ So it is with income's. People who have oscnpqd tho financial disaster may still . îepresont the oidinary income-earners whom Mr. (JARTER has always been eagor to get nt. But in thousands of homes to day tho calls-heavy and unforeseen-are carry- ing with them consternation, and aio compelling suciifices. Let the Treasurer read .the letter of our coitespondent " One of Many," published to day, and remember that tho writer is a 'thoroughly ícpreseiitativo man at the present time. The old income exists moro or le.s, no doubt, but it is not available, and as it has slipped from the lamily it is worse than a mockery to call upon the family to pay upon it. If such a policy is to bo in- sisted upon, then'wheie the. o is now misery in homes there will bo more misery-misery heightened by a sense of injustice. Wo do not believe that the Treasurer can have dwelt upon this view of tho case-a view which it is vain to challenge. His enthusiasm for a piinciplo which he lias brooded upon during his public life has carried him away, and has rendel od him oblivious to the peculiarities of the situation. But surely it must bo easier to bow to public opinion and to solid argument than to go on and inflict these wtongs. The shude of that just and humano man, Mr. limvAitn AVILSON, whose sympathies, us tho public and private dispositions of his will show, were ever with tho widow and the afflicted, would, we aro sure, counsel his old pupil to abandon a tax which hits with severity the sufl'eiers of to day just in proportion as they aro sullbring. Tho community, saddened and soboicd by tho May events, is, we feel sure, desirous of entering upon a new phase in connection with the expenditure of the state. The old I times which allowed of the Govern ment-irrespectivo of the railwayi raising twice, thrice, and four times the taxation raised in other countries, are felt to be passing away. It is all very well for a Treasurer in a Budget speech to indulge in glowing passages about the prospectivo values of to-nioirow; but the community, with a much truer instiuot, is recognising that thero is a great deal of practical and unpleasant work to be done to-day, and the com nuinity sees that the longer that work is delayed tho moro do vvc postpone the upward bound, while the sooner we face it the more speedy will bo the joyful recovery. That task is to bring the Government expenditure from extraordinary to ordinary bounds. As the income of the citizen diminishes so ho lias to rcduco his outlay, and this must bo the policy of the state. Im- posing now taxation and relying on imaginary receipts is but to ropeat the error of Sir GHAIIAM Bunny last year. The public may defeat tho effort. The citizens aro retrenching, and just as much as th» Government puts on in one direction they may tako off in others by economy and by sacrifice. The only gains on which the Government can absolutely rely to-day aro thoso effected hy savings. If the Treasurer points to this sum as obtainable from a particular tax, and to that sum as obtainable from another, there is yet the danger of a general shrinkage that will wipe those gains away. So far as the public ser- vice is concerned, the Government is proceeding upon lines which have been heartily commended and which can still be heartily commended. Sexagenarians have been pensioned off, but a point is wisely stretched in favour of olderly oflicors who, if they retired, would retire without allowances, and would be cast helpless upon the world, to be provided for in some other way. Xn new appointments are being made, and where dismissals are not inconsistent with common humanity the ranks are being thinned. All this is as it should be-under the pressing circumstances of the hour. But -public opinion will, wo feel satisfied, support the Govern- ment if it further reduces votes. We may name Bitch items as the fol- lowing : Public works.£30:1,000 Municipal vote .310.0(H) J_nil sales by auction fund 80,000 Gold prospecting . M.OOO £728,000 Without going into tho case fully, the question may be put, Are no postpone- ments possible here '/ The municipal vote in particular has a history. Up to 1887 the voto stood nt £310,000 per annum. Ministers then gavo a boom bonus of £140,000. Tho Munro Go- vernment when the boom was over absurdly mado tho bonus a special appropriation-sucli madness ruled the hour. But, at the same time, tho Munro Government reduood tho contribution to metropolitan aud ito<iolher shires by about £60,000.-.Tho £040,000 ought to have boen vvithllrawniiat.the time-as Mr.i GIL-MISS neven.iput it forward as other than a>,itcmporary and passing prosperity gift-¡and the £00,000 taken from the first-class-shires should have been saved ond not expended. We place no local body in a false position if wo say that it is entitled to no better torms than it obtained in 1889, prior to the boom bonus ; and if so the reduction will bo not merely tho £140,000 which the Government speak of, but tho £60,000 also. 7 Fnrthor, the policy, of withdraw- ing subsidies from fiist-class shires which have enjoyed the endowment for years, and have got their roads in fair order, ought to bo persisted in, and in this case £210,000, and not £310,000, for the current year would bo ampio. l<_ithcr, as the City Council is obtain- ing man, horse, and dray for Cs. ¡id. per day, it is clear that £210,000 will go as far in local-jworlçs as did £310,000 in 1889, so thatiÖiBcpuneics-even on apto rafft distribución of itho,smaller amount -r-vyould suii'qriUttlftby.the change. -Stop gap expedients maybe considered necessary toienabJciMinistors to ond the present debit idrift and give them mi opportunity of- readjusting the public finances as a wholo. If so, wo adhere to our views as to tho direction in which aid from temporary taxation should bo obtained. Light revenue duties on a few articles would bring in money and cause no inconvenionce at tho Customs. And, if property is to pay, the state should go straight for property by means of a lieht tax-easily collected-on all fornis of realised wealth. But an income tax is to day the maximum of injustice. And primage duties, it appears, involve tho maximum of inconvenience to trade and loss to commerce. In these two in- stances the call is for the recasting of the Budget. , . In tho Athenæm-hall on Monday evening last an intelligent audience met to dally a while with IBSEN. An essay upon the alleged excellences of the productions of that puzzle-witted Scandinavian was followed by a symposium of platform speeches. From these it would appear that the speakers represented three classes, to wit, those who know nothing about IBSEN, those who know him slightly and have no desire to know him better, and those who know him well enough to wish there were no such writer to know. It did not seem to occur to any speaker that Mr. IBSEN owes much of his present eminence to the really irrelevant fact that he is a voice out of Norway. The recent exploration of the country of Norway by English travellers has been accompanied by a similar exploration of Norwegian literature. The prevailing passion is for discovery —to be first in the field with a new fact or a new figment ; and, after a futile attempt to make a sensation with such mediocre personages as WERGLAND and WELHAVKN, and a rather more successful operation with BJÖRNSTJERNE BJÖHNNSON, the explorers have produced some considerable stir with HENRIK IBSEN. Not satisfied with find- ing an eccentric Norwegian writer of pass- able short stories embodying inexact studies in social pathology, the dis- coverers have exalted their " find" into an epoch-making dramatic artist plus reformer, a kind of SHAKSPEARE and BUDDHA rolled into one. And, amid the universal tendency to gape after what is new, together with tho general British lack of clear ideas, it was not unnatural that tho " wave of folly " called Ibsenism should carry many a rootless mind before it. Tho magazine-writer with his ever- lasting need of something striking, the chronic faddist and professional grumbler at society, the moral anarchist and tho constitutional libertine, tho freethinker of tho strive-and-cry species, the academic fledgling with a waving to fly in advance of tho times, the youth who seeks to make up for his ignorance of real life and real literature by posing as an esoteric and a hiero phant of something out of the way—all these find their common inteirest in IBSEN, as they do in Leaves of Grass or the Kreutzer Sonata. Of Mr. IBSEN'S three classes of work —his historical dramas, his dramatic poems, and his social dramas—it is the last-named which chiefly exercise the faithful. It is before these, also, that the unbeliever chiefly experiences that mixture of amusement and disgust which the believer most particularly resents. Of course, tho Ibsenite makes the obvious retort that the scoffer lacks tho capacity to appreciate the master. But so long as the Ibsenite and the contemner of IBSEN remain respectively who they are, this facile answer will 'probably go for nothing, The Ibsenite 'is commonly found to herd much too closdy with the hys terical doctrinaire and tho constitutional malcontent for tho argumentum ad hominem to carry much weight on his side. A reasoning public will prefer a few clear principles. It will ask whereon exactly the huge claims of IBSEN are founded. Is he dramatist, moralist, or both ? Does he entertain or does he instruct ? "Do his plays hold the stage, like a SHAKSPEARE'S or a MOLIERE'S, by sheer power of intrinsic interest? Do they hold tho mirror up to nature? Or are we to go to them as to a sermon or a lecture ? We are not afraid to say that simple honest answers to these questions ' Would instantly re- veal the folly of lbsenomania. ' It is notorious that the dramas, as dramas, have been saved from immediate damning only by sheer exertion of some individual actress, Miss ACHURCH, Miss ROBINS, or Miss FARR. For hold- ing audiences delighted and enthralled, they 'can; no more compare with a work of SHAKSPEARE or MOLÍERE, of SHERI- DAN or SARDOU, than Mr. LEWIS MORRIS can compare -with DANTE or MILTON. The fact is that IBSEN might as well have chosen, and would most likely have chosen, some other- vehicle, such as the novel form of Mi. HOWELLS, if drama had not been already the grand Nor- wegian vogue. There is a class of persons who prate in vague and voluble phrase of ''Art," and " Art for Art's sake," and " Truth," and who make the rest of the world very tired and somewhat resentful by their manifest impotence to express tho secrets they pretend to hold. At times, however, they become intelligible, and tell us that the artist concerns himself only with the objective contemplation of nature and life, and with depicting it. And some of these assure us that IBSEN is a consummate artist in this sense, inasmuch as he repre- sents society in tho simple light of its real self. What has been claimed for ZOLA is also claimed, for IBSEN, the "Zola with a wooden leg." We are not in a position to tell what, experience of life the Ibsenite. may have enjoyed or suffered. But if the society of little coast-towns in Norway is so putrid a mass of unmitigated cant, hypocrisy, lying, meanness, selfishness, sensuality, silliness, and crass stupidity as that depicted in Pillars of Society, Ghosts, An Enemy of Society, and their like, we can only say, with the King of BROBDINGNAG, " I cannot but conclude the bulk of " your natives to be tho most pernicious " race of little odious vermin that " Nature ever suffered to trawl upon tho " surface of the earth." IBSEN holds no mirror up to nature. Nor is it to be expected that he should. A man who sets about inculcating a wild moral or social chaos by means of a drama is rendered ipso facto incapable of depicting things as they are. He creates mere types and extremes, and he creates them- by an act of intellect, not from the fruit of observation. His pastors are all wooden höriunds, his officials all pompous bubbles of the same shape. The only commendable characters are featherheads, and very much alike at that. To suit a "dramatic" purpose he divides a whdle town into two parts ; on one side are two individuals of honesty and sense, on tho other a mere population of moral jelly- fish. It is impossible to see the world as it is, when your first purpose is to show that it is all wrong. If objective contemplation of life means looking at particular portions of life through a coloured microscope and dis- regarding the rest, then IBSEN is an " artist'" in whom those who will may rejoice. ' But, we shall be told, IBSEN is a great reformer. -Yet no two of tho de- voutest Ibsenites agree as to how the reformer would reform. That he scolds society as roundly as DIOGENES or CARLYLE is evident. That he regards the conventional ideals of society as somehow irremediably rotten is equally clear. According to his own reported statement the salva- tion of society lies in anarchy combined with a wholesale conversion of human nature. But what this means, how it is to be done, and what human nature is to be converted into, the prophet sayeth not. That society is now steadily working out its own evolution, that individuality is actually deepening, that moral conventions have palpably ameliorated moral prac- tices, that it is better for a few to be hypocritical than for all to rush like a herd of swine into promiscuous natural- ism, are considerations on which the sage appears never to have spent a thought. Ask, What is his teaching? Does he advocate that every man shall follow his own impulses? The " artistic '' dilettante replies, something idiotically, '' He advocates " nothing, he depicts." Does he propose that man shall have no marriage, no religion, no moral standard ? And, again, his serene futility the " artist " answers, " He proposes nothing, he " paints." Possibly, indeed, we might pardon a writer who did in reality show us things as they are, and let us correct them for ourselves. But IBSEN gives us limelight views of certain offensive elements only, and assures us that these nastinesses constitute life. The Ibsenite, proper claims that such a proceeding is justifiable in view of IBSEN'S " mission." But what in the name of good faith and common sense is IBSEN'S mission ? As an influence on society and ethics Ibsenism is either futile or pernicious. The works of IBSEN teach us nothing we do not know, lend no help to reformation, and leave a bad taste in the mouth. As dramas they are not a tenth part as interesting or as powerful as '" Hamlet," or " The " School for Scandal," or " Caste." As stories they have a certain merit, but one which cannot be mentioned in tho same breath with the power and interest of THACKERAY or of CHARLES READE. The personnel of Ibsenism, is largely composed of those ill-ballasted minds which run after Shakspearian ciphers, phalanstères, or those vagaries which may be summed up as Annie- besantism. It would, we think, be no bad advice for the adolescents of the Trinity Dialectic or any other society to gain maturer knowledge of man and deeper lore in worthy literature before they deliver their impressionable souls over to the men with the muck-rake. In new countries gold is tho supreme attraction. If a man is told that he may make a comfortable livelihood in the long course of time by clearing the forest and cultivating the soil, he deliberates over his prospects and considers tho hardships and difficulties that may lie before him. If, on the other' hand, ho hours that gold is to be found easily, ho is ready to face ovory privation and brave every dunder.- Tho most potent influence in human nature so ful- as its development has gone is the hopo of making a speedy fortune. A few yeal s ago South Africa was a place that was tdmnucd by emigrants from the mother country. The ruto of wilges was loyv, the tiniiuccs of tho colony woro uncurtain, there was nothing to uppoal to tho imagi- nation of .adventurers. At the present moment South Africa lias become one of the. most interesting and attractive piucos in tho world, simply because of its great gold-fields. Wostorn|Aust- dill has hitherto been described us tho Cinderella of the colonies. Tho colony has - apparently met with Cindorolla's luck, and admirers flock to it from ovory part.of Australia. Tho astounding discoveries of gold that have boon recently made point inevitably tri the iuforence that the colony possesses u very largo milling-area. 'As a matter of fact, the auriferous country seoms only to hiivpl been touchud.. At- Yilgarn, at Coolgardie, nt Murchison, tlioro are said 'to1'he,, immense possibilities. At tho same timo wo ? must consider the actual condition of affairs which every digger will bo compollod to face. It is cortuin that the exceedingly rich pockots which have been found must sooner or Intel' bo exhausted. No one can possibly oxpoct that gold is to ho picked up in every place und for all time on the very surface of tho ground. Meanwhile, provisions aro sold ut famine rates. The prico of food at CoolgAidio is as high as in a besieged city. Then, in some parts of the West Australian gold- fields tlioro is no reliable supply of water. Hero and there there is ample water for the camps, while in other places tlioro would' lwrdly be suffi- cient for domestio purposes during u dry season. The gold is treated on the "dry " system, hut in places the water is suit, and the boilers that set the ma- chinery in motion can only bo used with, difficulty. All these things must be " horno in mind by tho mail who is tempted to try his,foituno in Western Austi-dia. Tlio mining country cannot yet boast either of louds or railways. Every necessary of; life can only bo obtained at a very high prico. The advonturur who scoks the now gold- fields should huvo some capital, so that ho can pay his way for a time', until bo is able to discover a gold-bearing patch. Ile lniTst'* bo" prepared"to put up with u ccrtaiu'iampunfc.of ' hardship, He must undeistaud that there is a considerable amount of lucie" in mining, and manage tp .showellcourageous,spirit,.oven if lie does juofget .a rich return from tho first stroke "of, Hie "pick. To Western Aus- tralia'ns'a colony tlio development of the gold-fields will be a great gain. Mining towns will bo established in the interior, lind oven there men, who fail to discover rich patches of goldforthemsulves,vvill find that there will bo othor work for them in the course of a year or two. Wo aro only anxious that peoplo who desire to try Western Australia should consider carefully in their own interests all the drawbacks and the disappointments that aro- inseparable from the'working of a now- gold-field. This is a mutter for individual consideration. The advantage that the sister colony gains is au advan- tage to Australia as a whole, and tono colony moie than to Victoria. In view of the deep interest taken in the promotion ot vine and tiuit growing, we have pleasure in unnouncing that on Monday next we shall .begin, the publication ot a series of'articles pn ,'tlip, latest developments of these md'iistrica* in* California und other pnrfs'ûf th'e\v'OTl<1.''! They'will be written by 'Mr' lírc,der¡ck''Sirílth¡'Of Yalimba Vineyards, -iig!iBinii|-Soutli'AuBtral¡B,'wIio recently left .Australia" Iori California)on a'special mis- sion of, liiHinhs'. Mr, Smith shows in the first' letter Hint he brings to the treatment of his subject a just appreciation of what vignerons ami litirtiuultuiista most desire to know as to the varieties of fruit anil vines most favoured ubroiul, the latest met hods of cultivation, the menus of pack- ing, mid Boon, liemg un expert, his obser- vations are likely to be very valuable, while to the general reader they promise to be exceptionally interesting. As there lins been no Cabinet meeting since the* Treasurer delivered the ISudget, it cannot be definitely stated whether the Ministry will determine to stand or fall by their income tax proposal. Ministers, how- ever, are generally of opinion that there is no other course open to the Government than to I tiiiike their proposal a test question. They declare that the country has pronounced in favour of the income tax, mid further assert that unless the members of the Assembly depart from the pledges they made when before then- constituents at the last geueial election, it will be curried by a large majority. We regret to announce that Mr. Campbell, Minister ot Public Insliuetlon und Commis- sioner of Customs, is in such ii critical state of health as to cause anxiety to his friends. Mr. Campbell recently requested us to in.ike no mention ol lils illness, su us not to cause unnecessary alarm among his fi lends. Yes I tewitty, however, he thought it advisable, in view of his critical condition, to dictate to his private secretaiy the foi lowiugstft temtAit: "About three«months.ago 1'began to feel myself tuiwell,.wi,t,h, burning pains across the chest when writing. It'gradually increased 'ml became worse but stiil I'kept in. the office. In th' lu!, lining of June 1 went away for a eliiitige, but unlurtunatelv 1 re- turned considerably worse than when 1 left. I worked uguln for about another fortniglit, owl" then. broke down and was unable- to attend to tlmollice. .Since thut time I huve been exceedingly weak anti low, but was under the impression that I wus recovotlng or would soon recover. On Tuesday night 1 was ¡n great pain and fainted. Since that I have been in a very low condition. Drs. Warren and Grant huve given nie a very caieful examination, and have stated that at present .¡tis quite impossible to define the precise con- dition of things, but thut so.fur IIB can be judged I um «tillering from ulcération of the stomach brought on by a sevete foi in of dyspepsia, and that it depends on whether or not this ulcération is of a benignant or of a malignant character. Of course, if malig- nant, the worst consequences may be feaied. The doctors state that I will require to have a considerable period of rest and quiet. Some symptoms, they .say, me distinctly fiivoiu able, and others are distinctly unlay ourable. At the present junstme they will not take upon themselves to decide what the exact condition of things is. I shall not be lit tor either ntlnnnistiative or Piiiliamentitiy duties foi some time to come. I have written to the l'letnit-f oflcriug tu resign, but my col- leagues very geneiously stilted that they would not accept the resignation.", City opinion is uguinst the Budget pio pos.ils. At the foitnightly meeting of the council ot the Melbourne Chnmber of Com tneice, on.Thuisdiiy altemoon, the new taxa- tion pioposiilsol tbetiov eminent commanded their principal attention. The geneial opinion expressed was decidedly ndveise to the imposition at the present time ot flesh taxes, but further leductions in expenditure were recognised as absolutely necessuiy. The elleet of the primage dues, .is was pointed out byseveial mcrnbeisol the council, would bein equitable and oppressive in several instances, anil it uns decided to seek nu mtemcw with tin i rensurer nuil the Commissioner ol I mile nml Customs for the purpose of point nig out these ohji ctionublc mcidiiils ot the tux With rei,iird to the income ti»-, tin present time wus held to be particular!} m opportune for its imposition and tlmt being known to lie the nrevnletit leehng amongst the members of the Cliumber, it was le solved to cull n special general meeting of numbers lor Montlii. afternoon, when the whole question ot the new taxation proposals cun Iip discussed A meeting to oppose the Budget proposais of the Government and to urge on the mi position ot a tax upon the unimproved vnlue of land instead of nu income tax und primage duties was held nt the Athenicum hull last, night. Mi Max Hirsch occupied the chuir and several resolutions in iurtiienu.ee of the objects of the meeting uere carried with en thuauisni Mr Deakin «ho was the pim upai speaker, urged that us lund lind been sold nt low prices in the past mid the mtmcj received from its stile lind bee i applied m woik. which went to improve its value, it should be called upon to make some return In Smith Australia the in como tax realised a vers small amount in proportion to the laud tux, and m New Zealand an moonie tax lind had to be followi d bj a lund tax to make up the deficiency J he Legislative Council would be more likely to accept a lund tax than nu income tax, especially if it knew that nu income tax would follow if the lund tax were thrown out Three hundred thousand pounds was to be iniaed bj the intomc tax but £350 000 had tlus'Ury nextjear to go to the municipalities to improve local properlj If they could not eet u land tax, then, bj nil means, let there be an income tax , but the Government were not unfavourable to the land tax Ile did not speak from hostility to the Government mid i did not desire to sec mi) change of Government at piesent Hie Rev Professor Gosninn, Mr Hii-giiis Mr Mackey, Mr Max well and others spoke A wild scene occurred at one stage, owing to nu attempt of cer turn labour agitntors to luke charge of the meeting As the Athen«.um hall was msufli clent to provide for all who desired to be present an 'overflow meeting was held at theCongregationnl hall, Russell street '! here uns un attendanceofiabout ¿00 und the same resolutions that were brought before the larger meeting were agreed to A hnndful ot men, ot the wild, irresponsible agitator class made themselves disgracefully prominent at the Athenäum hall lost night, and hut for the prompt measures taken by the chiurnii.n Mr Hirsch, and also b> the police, would undoubtedlj have succeeded m break ing up the meeting A man named Ilutuer who is the lending spirit of ii section of the 'uiumplovcd mounted the platform nftcrthc first resolution had been carried, and despite the ruhngof thechutr nndtheeniphatic protests of tin meeting insisted on Ins 'right to be heard Persuasion huviiig failed to niov c lum, a member of the audience more impatient than the rest jumped on to the platform and dropped Iliimer oil A scene of indes.ril able confusion followed Hamer a friends rushed the platform sev eral blows were cxcliungeil, and m the nirlte the chairman s table was upset and the contents of nltirgc vi liter bottle scnDOverthe reporters table the water bottle itself breaking with a crash on the flocu Hie excitement for the moment was intense, and a tree h¿ht uppeared to be imminent when Sub inspector Dev nu with two or three constables, np peivred on the platform, and with one or two timel) lunts about the uutchhouse gave the disturbers a pructiciil lesson on the rights nml duties of Liti/enalup 'Die meeting was then allowed to proceel to ii conclusion the new primage duties are causing trouble in business circles, mid as the collector of customs is the head ¿tinier appointed b. tin Government to keep in check the wicked pi opie who pcrsiBt in trading w ith the outside woild it is nutural tint he should hear griev tuices against the new impost Yister da) he had sevtrnl mutti ra aiming fiom the enforcement of the dutj tin 1er notice Representatives of the Woolbrokers Associa turn saw the sécrétai) of Iriidennd Customs )C8tcrduy ni reference to the 1 per cent primage dutj Ihej contended that as green ludes nnd undrissed shei palana hud been placid nmonj-st the (exemptions, rabbit, opossum, nnd knn_,uroo skins should bl placed in the saim cutegor) 1 ne officers of the Customs depvrtinent admit the moon maten..! (the) think nothing of admitting an mcoiisiätenci-even duty fne) of PXI niptuii, sheep.ltins and charging the duty on rabbit opossum and kanguroo skins Dr \\\ ollastoti, however, replu d that the question was one for the consideration ot the Govtrmne.it and the dtputition knew that little comfort was convened in that intimation Hie pnmti-,0 duty of 1 pel cent is bein;, collected on ti ii which was alnudj taxed to tin extent of -d pi r lb Dr \\\ «.Illiston lins receive I a letter lioni Messrs Innes Noad and Malcolm ten importers stimm, that the chun-..' ot duty m uti last }tar resulted in iiieonviiiieuei uni loss to the tea trade and comimillili-, on the undiaiialiiliti ol still fuither dihoigiiiiisin^ it Hie) punt out that the dut) ol H p r II r pri s°uls more than ¿> per cent tul laJoirui on iieuil) all the tin imported mil conclude that tin should theretoie 11 e\empte I fruin tin puntudo lut) Hit) const Iel lint the Hun lost an I ti» cumbrous routini to be fcuni tluoiu.li with eich elearunce winn Irtnv bucks are lcquired will still I u it lit r linn li up the loud tut truli und thei mid tlmt m stuf tin export puckim, ti i li nus nina Ii I in driven 11 New South Walis uni tint it will be a pity toi si the n muant tin HIL.1I Hies In quellt Minutions Hit) II |uist that ii the S p t ci nt pi nungi is li" li chin», lit should lie allow ed as iliiiwluil oiinxputi tmil II» ( ustoins di purnim t lu ins lins nnnsonidili nqiiist mil it will must pi i I dill hi comí lud with Hie hulling of llu V«' /"' ' *"/«?. Id 1 iielion wus c iiilinued u stn lu) Inline Mi lust ILL Ho 11, S the "lum I put ol the li ? in II "'be HIL leinti d tn tin doss i viininnti in ii Mi liicliai 1 II I mu is cb iirm m 11 HIL \ IL toimn I iiilwnvsCiiinniiss oiurs Hu witiuss was lurlliet piessi I In Mi t i dh nu on tin* sulject ol Hu miwul KI IIII-S construe i I lui privilti linns i.Hir Mi II turn Mr I run is ndht rid lo his opinion that tin tiullic e mid be mou ecouqiuietillv lulu Hi I ill tin uni wa) )III Is iiltlinu-.li he a Iniitte I th it it wrulll iiicisiui) ti will iivirtiin* He nlho cyntin It I that n stiitim ulm li dil not realist a (.ross reicntu ni ililli f i tin ln-,t )earsliiiul 1 11 ngiril d ns nun«, ssnn lint when counsi I quotul uistuiie s in which stations now jn)mi, will till fin 11 HW tin stipulât! d sum minn" tin hist jenr of tluir existence, he mo lilied this »pinion bv admit ting that thp pns.ilnlm a of timm i xpuiimun should ne taken into consul uition I utei on Mr Dull) toni the witness in limul on the quistu n of tin grain nuts which witi-cas in his i xniiuimtion m chief had describe 1 ns too low Mr 1 mncis agreed tlmt ni nat thine rates it had been lou.il I uecessan to impose a dilhri ntial trelj,ht in onh i In prevent » lit nt ".own li« omi Mull Irom bun,; sent tluougli bon Hi Australia for shipment at Adtluule, mid that if the general freijits to Milbourne were riised it would pa) farnura from much gunter distances Hie i \uminatioii ot Mi liragge, assistant eii-meer cf e\istin_: lines, closed the sitting and the Court adjourned at lunch time in ordir to permit of thejur) visitinj, the Nowpoit workshops in the after noon Mr. P H 1 rancis, chairman of the Vic toi uni Hmlwavs Commissioners, must have heaved a limit) sigh of relief when )cster du) uftti 10 tin)s bullring b) Mr Purves Mi Deakin Mi Duflv mid Mr Coldham, he wns nllowid to have the box His examination lins twice bien interfered witli b\ illness and to this was doubtless due no httli ol the nervousness from which the witness was ticiir tillite flee I veil when at times he seemed to feel at his ease somethui-, usuallv happened immediately aftciivurds to distuib his equilibrium I bus i eau nlny the ni li til Mi Coldham invin-leil lum intou little initlimetienl problem which nniät hnve revive 1 niemorits ol the vv itness s sel no1 dais How much, ¡is! el Mi Cold hum s four tunes U* lins is u little sum with winch the witness could doubtless emily "inpplt itiulir oidimuv ciicumstuiicis but in the ubsenee o slate und pi neil he tell into the unfortunate error of rashly grappling with the mysteries of mental arith- metic, and, after a couple ot minutes' thought, replied, "120." "Do you work, these things out by logarithms?" Mr. Cold- ham went on. "No." " I suppose you can always do it little thing like that in your head?" "Yes," replied the witness quite innocently,.while the Court roared with laughter. After this-one of many such in- cidents-there seems ample ground for Mr. Purvcs's compluintthut " tliedepurtmcntsare getting sick of us." , Mr. James Munro, ex-Premier and Agent General, yesterday applied to Judge Moles- worth, in the Insolvency Court, for a certifi- cate of discharge from his debts and a dis- pensation of the condition in tile Insolvency Act requiring payment of 7s. in the £ to creditors. ' The application was made for Mr. Munro by Mr. L. S. Woolf, und was opposed as regarded the dispensation by Mr. George Godfrey.who was a joint creditor with another persou us trustees, for a claim of £500 on the estate. AVheu the schedule of the insolvent was filed it showed his liabili- ties to be £!)4,(Mi(i 10s. Cd,, and his assets £43,900 Ila. 8d., leaving a deficiency of £50,100 4s. 9d. A very lengthy affidavit by the insolvent, giving an account of many of his transactions, ami setting forth that the failure to pay 7e. in the £1 tlid not arise from circumstances for which he could be held responsible, was read by Mr. AVoolf. In the aflidavit the insolvent stated that he was worth £80,000 clear in 1885, and £240,000 clear in 1880. Mr. Woolf then con- tended that if ever there was a meritorious case in which a certificate und dispensation should be grouted it wns the one under con- sideration. Mr. Godfrey, on the other hand, said the estate had paid no dividend n3 yet, anti the aflidavit disclosed an extreme uinount of gambling and a gigantic lot of speculation on the part of the insolvent which had prevented bim from paying his creditors nny dividend so far. Kvldcncc wns afterwards given by the insolvent in which he entered into detail respecting his property, in order to show that lie was worth £80,000 in 1885 and £210,000 in 1880. At the conclusion of tile hearing his Honour stated that on the facts before bim he thought he was justified in granting the certificate and dispensation, and they were accordingly granted. A petition to wind up the City Newspaper Company Limited was presented to Mr. Justice Holroyd yesterday on behalf of Messrs. A. H. Massina and Co., of Howie street, Melbourne, printers and publishers. The company was formed in November, 1800, with u nominal capital of £50,000 (afterwards increased to £75,000) to acquire and carryon the Herald newspaper, the purchase money for which waa to be £35,000, pnynble in in- stalments. Owing portly, as is alleged, to the suspension ot the Mercantile Hank default lins been mude in these pay- ments, and the company is said to be indebted to other creditors, including the petitioners, who hold the company's promissory notes to the amount of £152. In July, 1802, the company transferred its interest in the Herald newspaper to u new compnny culled the Victorian Newspaper Company. The petitioners allege that this sale of assets was made to defeat theoreditors of the City Newspaper Company. Mr. Justice Holroyd accepted the petition, und triade it returnable on August 15. The meetings of creditors and shareholders of Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co.,,called for yesterday, were adjourned for a week. Mr. A. W. liobertson, chairman of directors, ex- plained that since the-ordcrof the Court appointing tile meetings had been made the scheme of reconstruction had been circu- lated, and as it hud not altogether found favour with either creditors or shareholders it was for the moment partlnlly withdrawn. A- committee hail been appointed by the London directora und the creditors in London to form a scheme. It was hoped that that scheme would be out in a few days. Copies of it would be circuluti-d, and a meet- ing would be held to consider it that day week. He thought that by that time a scheme woultl be submitted \yliiuh would lie 'approved of "and accepted by all. The meeting was then adjourned till Friday next' us were the meetings of share-holders called ter yesterday. The Uelgiun Consul, Mr. Jules Itena-id, supplies a few particulars relative to the proposed International Exhibition to be held in Antwerp in 1894, which is to open on 4th May, ana remain open for a period of six months. The different sections comprise U0 classes in all, mullidme line arts, minemlogy, electricity, liberal aits, medicines, industries, music, machinery, armoury, horology, trans- port, textiles, clothing, alimentary products, navigation, military, agriculture. Iiortieiilture, piscatorial, &e.; It is hoped that, as Belgium contributed largely to the International Ex- hibitions held in .Melbourne in 1880 and 1888, this'colony will li-spoud nitiisluuttiry to the uppeul now minie on behalf of this exhibi- tion. Although it is no1 the intention of the Government lo take tiny nUicinl position ns regnids the exhibition, it is in contemplation to ask it lo vote a sum ol' ninney to delray the cost of Ireighl, space, und insurance. A miiuicipiil etuifeieiice was held ut the Town-hall yesterday uiteriiunii. to consider several suggested amendments in the linkers ami Millers Act. Councillor Davies, of Rich mond, presided. Tin- principal amendments proposed to be ilebuteil wer ? one which would coallie- pinch isers of bread to obtain lull weight tor their money, «.ml which at tin; same lime would simplity au in- spector's pnicec'iliiigs tu obtain u cou v union under the act. ami another iviiic-h would compel owners of vehicles employed in carriage til' goods sold by weight to have a properly ceitllied tare ui'itillciite annulled to, the vehicles. Tim second siigg-stlun was not approved, as it was thought it would complicate the win It til lhe confeience by bringing In o her trades. The litsi wes udiipti-d, together with iinoili r taken Irian the ¡south Australian stitiuo-, that all loaves ol' bit-nil oilier than .oils shall be ol standard weight, lib,, 21b., ? .r 411». A sul'-c-iimiiiltlee wini appointed to consider lunlier questions and details, und to report their conclusions to the conference ne ti luture meeting. i The older geneiiiilim of Austinllun ciicketers will baye noticed willi regret in The .1 r.//H ol'yesierdny the obituary of Mr. T. .1. D. Kelly, whose mimi» ii lew ye.ua ago was familiär hi inter .minmai cricket. Always II I'm" stvlt- sli li.it-sinaiiji-he played In nine mutehes against New South Wales.and had tin average of 21(12 for 10 innings, his best scores ht lug 53, run out. lu 1870, 8li in 1374¡ and 71 in the tollovvmg season. His fame as II ciicketer was, however, chielly matte ut point, where it Is doubtful whether he ever liad an equal. No Australian cricketer certainly ever rivalled bim in that position. He was nemistomed to stand so close in that serious accidents were often prophesied, but never occurred. Stand- ing in a slightly crouching attitude, ever alert, he was the picture of a clever fieldsman, mid old cricketers still talk of the many wonderful cutches he brought oft" there. In 1882, when past his prime, he went out to field as substitute for Slight, who had been injuretl fieldingagainstShuw's team, and, going to his old position at point, had snapped up two cutches before the English captain noticed lils fatal facility, and , exercised his right of sending him to the out I field, where he Held a third catch. The i funeral will move from his late residence, Tetravinin, liarker's-road, Hawthorn, at 2 this afternoon. | Mr. Candler, the coronpr for Bourke, is not of opinion that all the people who answer advertisements tor "some kind person" to adopt a child ure moved by feelings of love for children, and his experience lins led him further to doubt if even they muy be properly designated "kind pet sons." lie believes that in many instances the leading idea with those who compete one with another in their endeavours to secure these unfortunate children is one of speculation, und their whole tiouble when making the bargain with the parent of the child, or the agent for the purent, is lo have the amount of retnuncrat'on fixed high enough to leave a nungin ol' profit when by studied neglect or wilful transgressions ol' all dietary regulations the hapless child lins been brought to un early death. It is, he said, speaking at an inqu, st held by him jestenlay, merely a speculation j in child life, anti the fee of £5 per childi (which is now about the market f.Rure) ia ex pi etc«I to leave a murdin of profit when a* Mi Mill of ut. uval wpeks the child dieh of .i^nn^/mis through vwlfulness or neglect J he, application of the provisions of the Infantil líe Protection Act has already been of much advantage iiuhbcoveriiu, these cases, StPtt thft police b> diligence and care ma> succeed m at least keeping the practice within ver> conlmed hints J he police have forwarded to the Crown Law department the depositions taken by Di \oul at the inquest held b> lum on Wednesday touching the death of the woman Jean Hill, whose death was con sidcred by the jurj to have resulted from the unskilful treatment ot Charles 1 roderick Parker an unregistered practi tioner of medicine, who has for several >ears been attached to the Tree Medical Mission Dispensary m Collingwood Mr Parker, though not registered m "\ letona, held papers which entitled him to practise m dicine in India and by virtue of those he was staled an Indiuu doctor, and, accord ing to his own statement, was consulted bj ov er 6,000 p itients in two j ears 1 he coroner cist upon the police the onus of taking an} further proceedings which might be considered necessary, and the Crown law authorities have therefore been asked togo through tile depositions for the purpose of se.ing whether or not a charge ot man aluuthter should be brought ueainst Mr Parker Hie council of the loung Victorian Patriotic League ut its last meeting decided to send repiesentntiv ea to the 1 ederution Con ferencp at Corowa on the 31st mst Dr > M Harricks Mr \\\ li Church and probably Mr 1 b iii on cmim will be the delegates Wo hove received from f Fraser the sum of 10s towards the relief of the poor in Melbourne Asa contribution in Aid of the Brunswick Distress Fund wc luve received JS. from M\ N Mr Churl es A I caree desires to acknowlcd"e the following uubbcriDtion retched in rta] ouse to hH appeal for the Pcaconcsscs Home Belief Jrund "The Bishop of Melbourne X10 Attention is dudred to he drawn to the advertised Íiro^raminc of inusiu to be performed to da\ at the Jccluve Clothing Company s f>hop, Bourke street, ni connection with theirClearing sale It is intimated b\ advertisement that a new term will bej,in at the Workinj, Mens College on Mon da> A Masonic choral service will be held in the South Melbourne Town hall at ¿ pin tomorrow The programme has been arranged b> Brother _h True luve choirmaster of All SainU Church St Kilda Brother Dr Bevan will deliver the oration und & si eo-iil feature oí the programme, will he the reference made to the bud disaster in the V«liter ranean and the loss of io many Masons thereat A solo entitled The bailor a Grave will be rendered hy one of the choristers followed by the Dead March In the band The collection will be for the relief of the local distress The Pleasant bunda,) Afternoon Association, in con ncction with the Central Methodist Mission ot Wesley Church is meeting for the present in the Alexandra Theatre in consequence of repairs to Wealev Church To morrow the subject to be discussed is tile De mot racv of Christ. The Itev K II Sudden, master of Queen s College will give the address and musí cal attraction!» have been provided There was a t,oo I attendance last evening at the exhibition of arts and curio» at Christ Church hall, acland street, St Kilda when a very enjoyable cou em with tal lean Kcminlsccnces of the Zulu War wosptov.dcd hy Mesdames Colville and Mit c1 iel 1 Utls c\ Lt.ni¿ it is announecd that a conceit will bo pro vid eil b\ Miss Manley Low who his secured tho ass.stauec of some highly capable musicians This evening a concert In aid of the Children's Hospital will be giv en nt the Hawthorn 1ie«bytertan Church, Glenferrie roid The Adelaide bteamshlp Com pan J s Innaminoka is announced to li we nt Ci p m on Monday for bydnov, instead of at 1 pm on Tuesday as previously advertised Meeline lu connection willi the hardware trade wus hcl I in tho Mlic mum lust evening Air h. Keep was in tilt, chair Hie lecturer was Mr I S Piule, A M I G L. and the wihjtct the Mauufactme of Iron and MCLI The li nil was crowded the idea of a courbe of let tures on subjects pertaining to Die trade being evident)} much appreciated b\ both employ era and cmplovLs. Ac the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks wns proposed by Mr Henry Meeks and seconded bj Mr J I fecwiiaui A i rograimnoof vocal and Instrumental muslo was then tone through 