THE MOUNTAIN & MIST ' ? ? ? UPPER MACEDON. A VISITOR WAXES ELOQUENT. Many of your readers will doubtless be familiar with the description given by Sir Walter Scott in more than one of his works of the country of the 'mountain and mist'; well, it was my fortune on the last day of the depirted year to experience the great novelist's description. I was spending n week's holiday at Upper Macedon. On the afternoon of the previous Friday I roamed about the Falls pad dock, and there beirg a stiff broeze blowing it became necessary to find a sheltered sp t, clear of rude Boreas, in which to indulge in a pipe ; this I found in the creek, near the foot of the fall, ' far away from the maddening crowd.' And what a change from our Chapel-street on a Saturday night ! I could truly say '? no friend or brother nigh,' the only sounds being those of the babbling brook and two or three native birds ; but not, as in the old country — the wood pecker tapping the hollow beech tree. The evening proved delightful, except that a slight mist on the top of the Mount looked some what ominous as to a break in the weather ; during the night a heavy downpour of rain set in, accompanied by a hurling wind. The rain ceased in the afternoon, but the remarkable thing connected with the storm was a dense mist, which lasted all day and ? infil flitn ri-iD f\n 'N'flm VdOf'fl fVI r»T-n I **i -¥ and prevented one seeing more than a dozen yards in advance. Tou were literally in the clouds for the time being. I was desirous of being in the midst of this, for, to a townsman, it was an unusual sight, and so had my wish gratified. I live in hopes of srmng the snow, which each winter is to be seen lying in some park in this district, many feet thick, not having seen any since 1849. On Monday evening a concert was given in the hall in the township, (the singers being local resi dents), Winch I greatly enjoyed, there 3eeming to be a freshness and sweet ness about the songs which is often ab senteven in the professional singer. The opeinng piece, ' Tell me gentle Shep herd, have yon seen my Flora pass* this way,' was nicely given, and revived in me many thoughts of the time and place I last heard it, now upwards of four decades ago. Great praise is due to Miss Jand Morrison for her song of ' Twickenham Ferry,' an old but good one, and it seemed to bring back to my recollection a few lines in the burlesque of Richard the Third, which I often heard in my youthful days, sung by Lady Annie— ' How sweet, to leave London, When the weather is fine, And go up to Twickenham On eel pies to dine.' An jther song, ' Bother the man,' was most archly sung by this young lady, and she took part in the duet ot the ' Happy Policeman ' with the Janitor of the church. Miss Gutbrie also contributed to the success of the entertainment. I am an unbeliever in ghost and goblins, and yet in an inter val in the singing I almost doubted my eyesight, for I seemed to see our local lion comique advance towards the green room, and in a few minutes our own Harry Pridha r- appeared in the flesh before the audience. I need hardly say that his song was vocifer ously encored, and for the remainder of my stay in this real health- giving resort I was continually reminded that the words of these two songs will be fresh in the memory of the local residents for many months to come— ' familiar in their mouths as household words.' 