ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author op "Lad Audlek's Secret," "Thb Venetians, or All in Honor," " Aurora Floyd, "&o.-; Copyrighted, by Tillotson and Son. Chapter IX. — "The Spitepullest of Talkers : in our Town." Liko most small country . settlements, little ' fraternities of woll to do pooplo who think themselves the boginning and end of the world, trelasco was slow to riso to any festivity iu the way o: party giving, on n.. >..« uuuut v-ru months after Colonel Disney's return before the friendly calls nnd interchange of small civilities eoiminated in a diuner party at Gleuavoril. It seemed, indeed, only right and natural that the great house of the district, great by rcasou of Lord Loatwithicl's absenteeism, should bo tho first to oifer stately hospitality to the colonel end bis womankind. The invitation to Miss Leland might be taken as an especial compli ment, arms outslretohed to reoeive ono who was 5 stranger iu the land. " Wo want to know that nice young sister of yours," Sir. Crowther said to Colouel Disney, in bis patronising way, as they all came out of church the Suuday beforo tlio dinner party. "A remarkably fine girL" The colonel dill not thank him far this com pliment, which was pronounced in a loud voice, amidst tho little knot of acquaintances taking leave of each other on tho dip of the hill, whore thoro was a signpost on a patch of wasto grass, and where road and lanos divided, one up tbo hill to Tywardrcatb, another to Fowey, and a narrow wooded lane leading down to Glenavcril and the Angler's Nest. Short as the distance was, there were carriages waiting for the Crowthers, who ncvor walked to churoh, howovcr fine the weather. Mrt. Crowther camo to tho morning service rosplomlent in a oroceao gown and a Parisian bonnet, on pain of being con demned as dowdy by hor hu-band, who liked to put the stamp of his wealth upon every detail. His wife obeyed him with wifely meekness, but the daughters wcro not so easily ruled. Both were keen wilted enough to feel. the vulgarity of Sunday morning splendor. So . Ilolinua wor shipped in the exaggerated simplicity of an uu- stuohed jaconet inusiin, a yellow Liberty sash, a flopping Gainsboronglt hat, and a necklace of Indian beads, an attire which attracted every eyo, nnd was n sourco uf wonder to tlio con gregation, wliilo Alicia's neat grey cashmere frock, made by the best tailor in Conduit- street, and a smart little toque to match, gray gloves, grey silk stockings, grey prayer book and sunshade, challenged criticism as a study in monochrome. Mr. Crowther would havo lingered for fuither conversation before getting in tho family landau, but Colonel Di3ncy bade a rather abrupt " good morning " to tho whole group, and hurried his wife and sister down the hill. " I'm rather sorry wo accepted the Glenavoril invitation," he said to Isola. " The man is such an obvious cad." "Mrs. Croivthor is very kind and good," re plied his wife, "but I have never cared much about going to Glenavoril. I don't fool that I get on particularly well with the girls. They are both too fine for tne. But I should bo sorry to oifoud Mrs. Crowther." ."Yes, she is evidently a good soul. It waa thoughtful of her sending yon a ticket for tho ball. A woman with daughters is seldom over kind to outsideis." "Oh, I heliovo Mrs. Crowther's heart would be big enough to lie kind to people if she had as many daughters as King Danaus." " \Vell, on hor account, perhnps it was bast to aooent the invitation." "Don't be so grand about it, Martin," said Allegro. You forget that I am pining to soe what a dinner party in a very. rich bouse is like. I have seen nothing in London but literary and artistic dinners— third-rate literary and third- rate artistic, I'm afraid— but they wore very nioe, all the- samo. Glenavoril is a place that takes my brcatli away ; and I am curious to see what a dinner party can be like thero." "Then for your sake, Allegra, I'm glad we said Yes. Only I couldn't stand that follow patronising you. Calling you a fino girl, for sooth 1" ."Yes, it is an odious phrase, is It not? I'm afraid I shall have to livo through it, because, like Rosalind, ' l am more than common tall.' "- She drew horsclf up to her full height, straight as a reed, but with fully developed bust and shoulders whioh Bhowed to advantage iu her pale tussore gown— silk that her brother had sent her from India. She looked the iucarnation of girlish innocence and girlish happiness — a brow without a oioud, a step as light as. a fawn's — a fearloss, happy nature. Her more common place features and finer figure were in curious contrast with Isola's pensive beauty, and too frngilo form, Disney glanced from one to tho other as he'walkcd alone the rustia lane between them ;. and though be thought his wife the lovelier, ho regretted that she was not more like liis sister. . A man who is very fond of homo and who has no professional cares and ocoiipations is apt to degenerate into a domestio busybody, Martin Disney gave his first sign of this inolination on the day before the dinner at Glenavcril. ""What. are you two gitls going to wear ?" ho asked. " At least I don't think I need ask Isola that question. You'll wear your wedding gown, of course, love ?" kenaked, turning to bis wife. "No, "Martin, I am .going to wear my grey silk." Giey ! , A dowager's color, , a soured spinster's color— a Quaker's no color. I detest grey." ;"Oh, but this is a very pretty gown— tho palest shade of pearl color — and I wear pink roses with it. It was made in I'nris. I feel sure you wiUlilco mo in it, Martin;" Isola Baid hurriedly, as if even this small matter fluttered her nerves. , ; "Not as well as I liko you iti your wedding gown.! That was made iu Paris, nnd it fitted you like a glove. I never, saw suoh - n pretty gown— so simple, yet so elegant." "I have been married. much too long to dress ss a bride." .".You slinll not seem ;ns a .bride— except to rao; for niy oyes only shall you shine in bridal loveliness.. Bride or no bride, what can- be prettier fqr a young vromnu .than a -white satin gown with a long train ? You can wear colored flowers to hIio w you havo not. got yourself up as a bride. What do you say, Allega ? Givo us your opinion— of course, you ore an; authority UpOIl Ulvesi . . ." Oh," the white satin, by alb means. Isola looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly ever to wear anything else." , . " You hear, Isa. Two.to ouo ngainst you." "I'm sorry I oan't bo governed by your opinion in.this instance. You- forget that I last wore my gown at a ball. I danced a good deal— tho floqrwas'dirty— : the gown was; spoilt, ; I shall nevo'r wear it agalu, I hope that will ' satisfy you, Martiu, ; = i . c- . She spoke with a touoh of temper, her oheeks flushed crimson and her.eyos filled with 'sudden tears as ahc_ looked dcpreoatingly' at her hus band. Martiu Disney folt himself a brute. " My deafest, I didn't" mean" tb'tcase 'you, " ho nald, " wear anythlrig'you like. ' Yo'u a're suro to be tho prettiest woman in tbo room.' I am sorry the gown was spoilt, but it can't be helped. I'll buy you another whito satin gown the first timo you and I arc in Plymouth together. And pray, Miss Allegra, what bravery, will you sport?" "I have, only . a white laco frook that -has seen somo service,", replied his sister, meekly.', ,"I dare say I shall look liko some body's poor relation at such a plaoo as Gleh- averil." . . . Oil, it's not to bs a grand party, by; any means)" said Isola. Mrs., Crowther told ine she had asked tho Baynhams and tho vicarage pooplo to meet us, just In a friendly way." The party was deoidedly small, for on arriving with reasonable punctuality the Disneys found only one guost on the scene, in the person of Mr. Calfox, tho ourato, who was sitting by one of the Uttlo artistio tables, showing a new puzzle of two piocos of interlinked iron to the two- Misses Orowtlier. These young ladies wcro so intensely interested in the t:ick of disentanglement that they scarcely noticed tho entrance of their mother's guests, and only rose and came over to greet tho party three minutes later, as an after thought. Mr. and Mrs. Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to rcoeivo their frionds, the lady frankly cordial, without the slightest affectation or self consciousness ; the gentleman swelling with pompons friendliness, as if his manly breast wero trying to emerge from the moderate re striction of a very opon heart shaped waistcoat. He protostcd that he was charmed to welcome Colouel Disney to Glenavetil, and he glanoed round the splendid walls as who should say, "It Is no light tiling to give you the enlrit to such a house as this." Vansittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to mako up for the want of iuchos by oxtremo uprightness, and had culti vated this carriage until be seemed incapable of bendiug. He bad a bald bead, disguised by one dappled streak of gray and sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl on each side of his brow — curls faintly suggestiro of a oat's ears. lie uau blunt, commonplace teaturos, a sensual lip, and dull, fishy eyes, largo and protuberant, with an expression in perfect harmony with the heavy, sensual mouth. Mr. and Mrs. Baynhara were thenoxt arrivals; tho lady wearing tho family amethysts and tho historical block velvet familiar in West Cora- wall, under whose weighty splendor she arrived short of breath; the gentleman expansive ot shirt front, and genial of aspect, jovial at the prospect of a good dinner and choioo wines, and not hypercritical as to the company in wbioh he ate the feast. He shook hands with his host and hostess, and then went over to tbo Misses Crowther, who had not thought it necessary to suspend their absorbing occupation in order to woloome tlio village doctor's wile — a faot which Mis. Esynham observed and inwardly re served. Mr. Colfox deserted tbe young ladies, still puzzling over tho two bits of iron, and wont across the room to greot the Disney9. He was an intelligent young man, stooped to tho lips in tho opinions and the prejudices of university life \- Oxford life, that is to say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelasco, on tho strength of having had en article almost published in Mack- wood. " The editor bad accepted my paper," he told people modestly, "but on further considera tion be round it was n little too long, aud so, in point of fact, ho sent it back to mo in the most courteous manner. . He couldn't have aoted more kindly — but I was disappointed. It would have boen such an openiog, yon see." All Mr. Colfox's friends agreed that with suoh an opening the broad high road to litcraiy famo and fortune would have been made smooth for his feet. They respected him even for this dis appointment. To have been acoepted by Black wood made him almost a colleague of George Eliot. . , . , . H® W."1<1 A. fnll ftfiiii rfl Minn Innn wnnnn mnw wI<a wore an eye glass and seemed to live upon books. It wob irritating to VanBittart Crowther, who prided himself on his cellar and his cook, to note how little impression food and drink made upon Francis Colfox. " He takes my Chateau d'Yquom as if It were Devonshire cider," said the aggrieved parvenu, "and bo hardly seems to know that this is the only house whore ho over Bees clear turtle.' The man's people must havo lived in a very poor way. " In spite of this contemptuous opinion, Mr. Crowther was always polite to Francis Colfox, and had even thought of him as a pis alter lor one of his daughters. Thero is hardly anything in this life which a self made man respects so much as race, and Francis Colfox bolonged t-o an old county family; had a consin who was an oarl, aud another consin who was talked of as a pro- bablo bishop. Ho was, therefore, allowed to make himself very much at home at Glenaveril, ond to speak his mind in a somewhat audacious way to the whole family. Captain Fcntreath, an army man of uncertain age, a. bachelor, and ono of a territorial family of many brothel's, came uoxt; and then appeared the vioar and his wlfe and ono daughter, who made up the party. The vioar was deaf, but amiable, and beamod benevolently upon n world about whose spoken' opinions 'ho knew so little that he might naturally have taken it for amuch hotter world than it is. ' Tlio viear'a wifo spent her existence in interpreting and explaining people's speech to tlie vicar, and had little time to' think of anything else. The daughter was ohamoterised by a gentle nullity, tempered by a somewhat enthusiastic and evangelical piety. The ohieL desire of hor life was to keep the eiiurch as it .lntd been in the days of bcr child hood, nearly 30 years bofore. - It was the first time the Disneys bad dined together at Glenavoril, so it seemed only proper that Mr. Crowther should givo his arm to Isola', which he did with an air of conferring nh honor. Tlio colonel had boen ordered to take tlie vicar's wife, and- tho doctor was given to Allogra ; Captain Pentreath took- Miss Trequito) tho vioar's daughtor ; Mr. Colfox followed with Mrs. Baynlia'm, and the daughters of tho houso went modestly to the diningrobm after tho Vicar and Mrs. Crowther. > . -;i Tho dinner tablowasas prettv as roses and Venetian glass oould make it. ."Thoro was no pompous display of ponderous plate, as there niighthavc been thirty years ago on a parvenu's board. Everybody is oulightcnod nowadays.: Tho groat " enlture " movement has beoii as wide spread as compulsory education; and- every body has a taste. Scarcely were they seated when Mr. Orowthor informed Mrs. Disney that bohatoda display of silver,, nnd at thosamo timo he took care to let her know > that tlio Venetian glass wasi ratkor mora; valuable than that precious metal. "And if it's broken there's -nothing left you for your outlay," lib said, "but it's a fanoy of my wifo nnd girls. Those decanters areoetter tnan anything balviati ever made for royalty." : Tho table was oval, lighted by ono largo lamp under an. umbrella shaped amber shade, a a hade which diffused a faint golden glow through tho dusky room, amidst whioh liaey atmosphere the footmen moved like' ghosts, while the table and the faces of tho diners shono and sparkled in the brilliant light. -It was as picturesque a dining- room and table as one need caro to see ; and if the Gainsboronghs and RoynoUlses, whioh hero and thoro rolievcd the sombre russet of the Cordovan leather' hangings, wora not tho por traits of Mr. and Mrs. Crowther's - ancestors, : they were 'hot: the less interesting 'as works of art.-'" . "A- .. -. i Isola sat by her host's side, with - a Bflent add somewhat 'embarrassed air, wbioh her husband noted as he watohed her from tho other side of tbetable. .: ... v.-. . ... All tbedecorations werolow, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervoncd'to prevent a man watching the faoe opposite to bim. Disney saw that. while, Allegra, in her place between Mi. Baynham and Alioia Crowther, was full of tslk and 'animation; Isola sat with downoast eyes, and replied with a troubled look to her host's remarks.- : There was something in that gentle man's manner whioh was particularly obnoxious to tbo colouel, a protecting air, a fatherly familiarity, which brought : tho "bald, shining forehead almost inooutaet with-Isola's soft brown hair. As tbe man bent to whisper and to titter in the very oars of bis neighbor, tho colonel got through a little duty talk with Mrs. Trcquitc, whoso attention wob frequently distracted by tlra necessity of explaining Mrs. Oiowthers polite murmurs to the Vicar on tho othor Bido of the table ; and this duty dono ho gave himself up to watching Isola and her host. "Why did she blush so when the man talked to her ? Was it the admiring leor in those fishy eyes whioh annoyed hor ; or tho man's mantior alto gether ; or was it anything that ho Baid ? Disnoy Btraincd his oars to hear their conversa tion, if that oould bo called conversation which was for tho most part monologue. The man was talking of the hunt ball of last winter. Disney heard such snatches of speech as, " the prettiost woman in tho room," " every body said so," "Lostwithicl was evidently epris." Mr. Orowthor had a penchant forsoraps of French, which decoratod his speech as truffles adorn a honed turkey. " Isn't it odd that he should bo such a rover ?" asked Sir. Crowther in a less confidential tone than bofore. Isola looked up at bim as if hardly under standing tbo question. " I mean Lostwithiel. With suoh a nioe piano as bo Iia3 bore, it seems a pity to bo broiling himsolf in Peru. I never oould understand the taste tor orohids ; and in ma oase — well, I hardly believe in it. Ho is the la9t man to emulate a Hooker or a Lawrence. Orchid bunting must bs au oxonse for keeping away from England, I tako it. Don't you think so, now, Mrs. Disnoy ?" " I really don't know," "You don't know why bo should want to keep away. No, no more docs anybody else. Only wo all wonder, don't you know. He talked to me of settling down in the ' oountry— looking after the estate a little. He even hinted that he might, in due course, eastabont for a nioe young wife— with a little money. And then all of a sudden off he sails in that rakish yaoht of his, and roves from port to port like the Flying Dutchman in the opera, till at last wo hear of him on tbe coast of Peru. Carious, ain't it, Mrs. Disnoy ?". "Why curious ?" asked Isola, coldly. " Was not Lord Lostwithiol always fond of yaohting ?" " No doubt ; but when a man talks of settling down in his native place— and then doesn't do it— thero must be a reason, mustn't thero ?" " I don't know. People act a3 often from eaprice as from reason." 'Ah, that isa lady's idea. No man who is worthy' tlio name ever aots from caprice," said Sir. Crowther with his insinuating air, as if some hidden meaning were in the words, and then looking across tho table and seeing the colonel's watchful face he alterod both tone and mnnner as ' bo added, "Of course you know Lostwithiel, Colonel Disney ?" " I saw a good deal of Lord Lostwithiel when he was a small, bay," answered the colouel coldly. "His father was one of my early friends. But that is a long time ago," " How old is lie, do you say ?" / "Debrett will answer that question bettor that have gone by since I saw him in bis EtoC collar." A The men did'not sit long over thoir wine. The doctor and his host talked agricnltnre, Mr. Crow ther dismissing all farming operations upon a large soale as a man of territorial magoitude. The vicar prosed about an approaahlng lecture at tho school room, and utterly failed in bearing anything that was said to him. Colonel Dhraey smoked a cigarette iu silence, and with a moody brow. Later, in the drawingroom, while the Crowther girls were playing a very noisy duet by the last how Sclavonic composer, Vansittart Crowther directed his conversation almost wholly to Mrs. Disney, as if she were the only person worthy of his attention. Ho was full of suggestions for fnturo gaieties, in- which the Disneys were to share — picnics, boating pat ties. "You must help us to wake up the neighbor hood, colonel," be said, addressing Disney with easy friendliness. " AVe-aro not vory likely to be of muolt assist ance to you in '- that line," Disney answered eoldljy "We nrobum-drum stay-at-bomepeople, my wife and I, and take our pleasures ou a very small scale." Colonel Disney's carriage was aiihounccd at this moment " He gave his wifo a look which plainly indicated his wisli to depart, and she rose quickly from tlio low, deep chair in which alio had beon. sitting, in some manner a captivo, .wliilo Mr. Crowthor leaned over the broad plush cushioned arm, to talk to her. Allogra was en grossed in. a talk about William Morris's last poem with Mr. Calfox, who was delighted to converse with anyoue fresh from tho far away world of art and literature— delighted altogether with Allegra, whoso whole being presented a piquant contrast .to the. Miss Crowthers. But tbe colonel's BiBter saw tbe movement towards departure, -and hastened to hor brother's side. Briefest adieux, followed, and tho. first of the guestB ' being gone, a genoral uneasiness foil upon thoio -whose ;oarriages had been ordered half an. hour, later. A single oarly departure will oast a withering blight upon your small and dull party ; whereas from a scene of real mirth the nine Muses and three Graoes might all slip away unmissed.ahd .unobserved. - - (to be continued.)) : 