NOVELIST. THE Crime of ✓d Countess; OB, ??kTIm American Detective and tlie -h- ? ** Russian Nihilist. , v *3( —-*-? OpLPTEB XXVII. NIHILIST on SOLDIER. By NIOK CARTER. " ? At different times during the afternoon tlioy .saw through their air-hole an armed ; guard pass on the upper side of the quarry, Sshoyfini; that all the environs of the fortress worh being guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would have been, no aen.-.i: in placing guards in ouch out of- the way places". Several times during the few hours before . dai|f Wat had run back tojpfte end of the pnsKige to learn if any attempt was yet being made to discover a secret way out of the room. If any attempt was being made it was where Wat could not hear it, for it was not until darkness had fairly come that he beard the unmistakable sound of a pick in the room. The moment the sound reached his ear he ran back and exclaimed : . " We must tnke oar chancea now and go, for they are at the door of your room." "I am ready. And have no fears for my . courage. lam only a weak little woman, but I can be brave." ' " " :.?'... " I do not donbt it." ..' He first stole out toreconnoiter. % : Climbing the face of the quarry on tho side where he had seen the guard pass i>o often, he waited for him to come around. . The Boklier came at his regular methodi cal pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but the man lurking along the edge of ; the quarry. , A sudden plan entered Wat's head. The soldier came nuarer and nearer, and 'Wat drew himself up .into a henp that re eembled anything but a human being when eoen through (ho gloom. The man was not three yards off. Now he was by the very side of the motion less heap. . If he saw it at all ho paid no attention, to lit. ? ? ' ' Ho had passed Wat. .. And now, like a tiger-cat, the detective leaped on him and brought him strangling to ? the ground. To bind him, gngbim, and t,hcn carry him ? around to whero be could descend with him ?into the quarry, was not a long task. . Ho left him under the walnut tree, and ! {hen went up for Vera. Her ho left at tho farther Bide of the quarry, first telling her what he was going to doin order that she might not be alarmed when she saw a soldier approaching her. ?For it was his intention to play noldier for a while. \- . He robbed the man of his coat, hat, and s: rifle, and, returning to Vera, staitud out with her. ' < ? ? He led the way, while eho followed close behind him. His present plan was to got as far away from the fortress as possible. . l ?;?;- He knew that every avenue of escape out ':'-.-.of tho city would be well guarded, but near fortress all the exits would be uarticu- Mlariy well cared for. :j They proceeded in this way for some die '} tance, and Wat had begun to think that he "would reach the thickly eettled part of tho city without detection, when he suddenly -found himself confronted by a sentinel, who demanded : ; " Who goes thero V Wat's only answer was a blow with tho hutt of his rifle, which laid the soldier at full length upon tho ground. , _ It \yas the only thing to do, but ft dan gerous thing, DkVcrtheluM, ior hero the streets tad nn occasional passer, tod ono of them might take it into his head to inquire into the cause of tho fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, how ever, Wat hurried on, with Vera holding by bis arm. Presently they coutd hear a shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody had ,found the soldier in tha street. Taking Vera under hia. arm, Wat almost ? Tan until be saw some peoplo ahead of him, ? when he changed to a walk, though not yet giving up her arm. . Now they could hear an alarm founded by the local watch, and they knew that in a few moments the street would be alive with soldiers. And worse yet, tho rifle of some guard was now tired livo times in rapid succeeion, con veying too evidently some Bort of intelli gence to every soldier within hearing of the Bound. ; The outlook was a desperate one, but ? ii wasnot unexpected by of the fugitives i " If it enmrs to the worst," Eaid Vera, as they hurried along, "do you save your self. There is no need for both of us being caught." "It tins not come to thu woret yet. I never eec the end till I reach it. As for leaving you, that is out of thu question. While 1 live I remain with you, for oapturc now means a horrible death." "I shall nut be captured. I Lave your dagger. Wliat is that 1" '? I'hree soldiers. Let them look to thnir lives now. I have avoided killing, but if it be a choice of their lives or mine, I will try toinaku it theirs." "Who goes theie?" cried one of tho ooldiers at sight o< the couple. " Only a comrade on a eprec. Let mc pass or I'll bo in a scrape." They were in the lighted streets now, and people were plenty in the windows and doors, but none in the street. At thii tiist sound of thu alarm they had all beta ordered indoors. ?' Let us see this comrade," said one of the atD, MlvnuciD? oiosc to Wat, "AH of you' look at mc. One of yon may know mc." He advanced quickly toward thorn all, for he did not want them to separate or to have Mai at other than close quarters. They peered. auspiciously at him-as he came up to .them, but ho gave them no timo to act. . Aa soon os he was tear cnougn no sud denly raised his 'rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed tho man's nose and stunned him. Then, beforo any of, the others could do anything, he swung; his gun about nnd let j it fall with ntunning effect on theheadof the no.-irest. Aa quickly as this was done, however, tho third Boldier had- timo to recover his wits. Ho rained hia gun and, taking quick aim, fired at Wat. . Tho ball passed through Wat's clothing and carried nwny a piece of flesh. He felt the smart, and not knowing how badly he was hurt, sprang at tbe man, who bad retreated a step, and felled him with a . crushing blow. By this time other soldiers, had been at. tractid by the noiso, nnd thoir steps could be heard rapidly approaching. The end of their flight seemed closest hand, and the brave little countess, tmo to her determination, had drawn her dagger, to die rather than be captured for tho cruel fate reserved for her, when Wat. with a laat desperate attempt, daubed into one of tbe honscs, through tho men standing .there, dragging.Vera after him. As soon as he waa in tho hall ho turned and caught the countess in bi? arms, and fled up the stairs,' He heard a step behind him, and when ho reached tbo first landing, turned quickly to strike the man down. " Hold I" whispered the man. " What's your crime?" "Nothing. We are escaping from pilson." "What charge?" "Nihilism." " Are yon guilty?" " No, but we will be if ever we get our freedom. Curses on snch a government." " You are not a soldier?" , " No; I stole the coat and hat when I e?> caped." " Will you rish your life on the truth of ' what yon say J" * "I will." " And the woman's ?" "I apeak for myself," said Vera, boldly. ."Idonot know who yon are nor what you can do for us, but I swear to you that I will henccfoith do my utmo?t against the in famous government that, without a bit of proof and without a ghost of a trial, wonld condemn mc to the knout to gratify the malice of a vile woman." " You are Vera Radolinski ?" " I am." "I will detain you no longer," said the man, with a sudden coldness. "Stop I" naid Wat. " You are nbout to make a fatal mistake. You can savo ua. Do bo, and I will explain to yon what will save your society annihilation." " Who are you ?" " I am the man who informed the Chief of Police that the Czar was to be killed." "A traitor?" " No ; as much of a patriot as you. There I Do you hear? The guard ia at the door. Will you save ub and your country, or will you let ua be taken ?" " Come! If you have deceived mc, your lifo will be worth less than it is at this mo ment," CHAPTER XXVIII. ONOE MORE WITH THE NIHILISTS. The man ran ahead of them tip the re maining flight of stairs, and into a room. Ho opened a clcset in the room,and going into it, beckoned them to follow him. They did so, and he shut the door. The noise of the soldiers on the stairs was plainly to be heard. " Come with mc." The man took hold of Wat's sleeve, and Wat caught Vera by the arm. They passed through a sort of door, and then they heard a faint click behind them. Their conductor now opened another door, which led into a room in which was gathered B family group. "Ogi'reffl" said the man, sententiously, BDd tho company bowed, without a word. Into another closet, and into onothcr room by a secret door, they were led. And tbis was repeated for Bcvcral houses, at each house thus entered the manusingthe word " Ogareff" as Mb passport. At last he aske 1 of one man whose house had been so invaded : " Where are the soldiers J" " Six doors from here, hunting for the fugitives." The man turned to Wat and Vera. " You still may take your chances with' tho soldiers or with us. Which shall it to 1 We aro as merciless to traitors as the Ozai is to the nihilists." I "Wo are not traitors. We will go with you. If you save us, we can no less save yon. Lead the way." ! The man opened tho back door, and, first peering cautiously around, ran ncross tho yard, hugging the fence as he ran. Wat and Vera followed bis example, and were alongside of him in a second. A tumble-down ahanty stood in the rear of the yard, and it was into this that the man led them. There he stopped again, and addressed them solemnly : " You have insisted on coming here, and I have no more to Bay on that score, but I warn you that you are taking your Uvea in your own hands." " We ore aware of that, and do not fal. ter." Removing a board from the back end of the shanty, the man passed through to the other side, and when they had followed him replaced tho board. They found themselves in a stable, or rather tho rear end of a stable, whero all the refuse was piled up. Picking his way through tho dirt, tho man took them to a ladder leading to the cellar. Dark as it was down there, ho had no diffi culty in making his way, and again he took Wat by the sleeve, while Wat led Vera. Wat could indistinctly make out that they were approaching tho opposite wall, but that was all. When they reached there, the man felt about until he bad found what he wanted, ami that he pressed with his finger, making Watsurmiae that it was an electric bell. He was.tho more sure of it when ho saw him, a moment later, pres3 it with the vary up regularity of n signal. Presently a part of the wall scorned to melt away, and they were led into an apart ment beyond. Here they were challenged by a muffled voice, nnd their guide answered : " Ogareff. Two strangers pursued by tho soldiers and claiming the protection of our society. A man and a woman. Man a stranger, but claims to havo given informa tion against those who lately tried to serva their country. Woman Vera Radolin?ki." "Let them wait here." There was an absolute silence for a few minutes, save for the slight uoi?O mode by tin! tlirno persons breathing. Suddenly there was a stream of light shot across the apartment, which fell so on tho two fugitives that anybody properly situ, atcd could study their faces. It was evidently for such a purpose that the light had been set upon them, for in a few minutes a voice said : "Conduct them." " Come," said their leader. And they followed him through the dark ncsH once more, and through another door. They heard a clicking behind them, and then of a sudden a flood ol light illumined the room where they were. They found themselves in a largo room almost tilled with men and women in masks. It was a weird nnd uncomfor'ablo sight to feel themselves being stared at by so many pairs of eyes without being able to Bee a single face. Vera clung to Wat as if she felt that now everything depended on bim. For she fully realised that there was to be a war of wits. Several minntes passed ino?ilentscrntlny by the assemblage. At last one of them said : " The woman ia Vera Badolinski, accused of the, murder of her brother and of being a nihilist. The latter charge is untrue, for she is the enemy of the nihilists." Vera at thi? withdrew from Wat, and said with a noble air: " The former charge ia untrue, and until this night I acknowledge l l havo been the enemy of tho nihilist. Now I am his friend." ' - . "WhyF* "Becauso, being a victim-of tho. govern ment, I can Bee the bettor the justice of your cause.'.' . "Who is the man?" .Wat stepped forward, dropped the rifle he hadibeld in hie hand, threw off the aoldier's coatnni hat which lie had worn, and ap peared in tho disguise lent him by Greaser. " Who ami? I am the man who prevented the death of the Czar." " At least, yon have courage to come here with such ah assertion." ?' It in my title to your consideration." "Explain." "No here. Let mc retire with tho mem bers of your council." "We have no secrets. Any council we may have is only for convenience, not for Becrecy.". "Such n statement aB I have to make wero better made to a few... Surely the fow can afterwards reveal oil I havo said." " True, but it seems unnecessary." "It is not unnecessary, however. What libavo to say is of vital importance." " We should be the best judges of that." " For your own good I mast refuse to apeak except to a selected few." Impatient at "Wat's obstinacy, tho man turned to his comrades and said: " What is your will, my friends ?" " Do as he asks," was the almost unani mous answer. ?? The man at this conferred with the others in a low voice, and, as a result, ten of the persona there separated from the rest and led the way to a door at the farther end of thet room. " Come," aaid Wat, turning to Vera. "Leave her behind," said a voice from amontrtbe ten; " She must go with mc." "By Heaven, she shall not I"cried several members of the body, springing forward as if by a concerted movement. Wat at once sprang back to her aide, and in a firm voice exclaimed : " We go together." Those who bad sprung forward immedi ately assumed a threatening attitude, and to Wat it seemed as if a premeditated attempt was going to be made to part him from -. . . ? "*Hiiiii/ilig as he did the share Sofia had in tbe nihilistic movement, he was on hie guard against trerchery. He caught up the rifle he had dropped, and stood on tbe defensive — ????-; CHAPTER XXIX. CHEHNIGOFP'S FIUEND. For a few moments it looked ns if there would be trouble, but Wat was anxious to avoid that, and said, in a conciliatory manner: " Why need we quarrel ? You have mo here in your power, and, do as I will, I can not get the better of you." " Why do you so obstinately set yourself against our wishes ?" " Listen. I have to-day risked my life, as you can guess, to save this lady from being knoutcd by the Russian Government." A murmur of rage ran over the assem blage. "And to save her from any further harm I am ready to lay down my life now." " The lady is in no danger here," said the former spokesman. " I am not so sure of that." " What do you mean 1 We are not assas sins, as you ought to know." "Asa body I do know it, but as indi viduals I am not bo sure." " Explain yourself." " Had it not been for prominent members of your society, this innocent woman had never had any occasion to fear anybody." " You arc making strange accusations." "If you will take mc and this lady to a flaco where we can speak to your council, will not only accuse but I will go far to prove." " Let them tro together," said one. "Examine them separately," another one ?aid. "You Beo,"Bnid Wat, turning sternly upon the last speaker, " there are those among you who would emulate the ways of the govern ment you condemn, and deny' us simple justice." Tho man shrank back, and there was no more opposition to Wat's request for a joint hearing. Clinging to hia arm and looking fearfully around, as if she felt instinctively that Bhc was in the midstof hidden foca, Vera followed Wat into tho room to which ho was led by the council. Tho moment he was there, he Baid, quickly and energetically : " Will one of you go at once and see if the man who made such an effort to have us separated is not going avray } I auspcot him for a traitor. There can be no harm in doing as I ask." Without a word, one of them hastened out of the room and was gone several minutes. Nothing was snid while he was gono, and when ho came back all eyes were turned on him. '' The man was going away. He has been detained." Tho members of the council exchanged glance? and then the leader asked : " Will you be good enough to toll us now the meaning of yc?ir charges against our society?" " Let mo tell you my story first." "Goon." "I am an American detective." "An American detective 1" " I was sent here to clear the young Ivan Horwitz of the charge of being a murderer." " Ity whom?" " His father. I reached hero in time to see him liberated, and to see this youn? lady, whom he loves, sent to prison in his stead." "That much is a well-known story." " Yes, but the rest is not. She was sent to prison on the charge of being not only a murderer, but a nihilist as well." " The government sees a nihilist in every baby." "Yes ; but the charge, if not mode, was at least concocted by a member of your society." " His name?" " Her name was Sofia. Countess Almazoff." ? " Are you sure ?" "Positive." " Eutit does not follow," said tho member who had been the first to object to Vera ac companying Wat, " that she thereby did any wrong to the society." " Have a care, my friend," answered Wat, slowly, " that you do not 6ay too much in favor of the countess." "Have you a care," retorted the mau, " that you do not say anything that you cannot make good." "The countess came this day to St Petersburg to denounce the Count ChernU goff as n nihilist." "Your proof." "Tho presence of the countess here with out the knowledge of her colleague, Chernigoff.andthe fact that for her pay she was given an order by the Czar to have this lady knoutcd at once, though be had already granted her five day's respite." " You merely assert." " Hold, brother," aaid ane of the other members, "It is, at least, that tuo countess was seen driving nt hot ?peed toward the fortress tliie afternoon. And she certainly was supposed to k<e in Paris." At this moment Wat found himself nenr to tho one,whohad shown so much enmity, and a Budncn scheme flashed into hie mimi. "Help mc," ho whispered, "or I will de nounce the treachery of Chernigoll." ? Wat had reasoned that if the man were an accomplice of Chernigoff he would be frightened, while if he wore not one he could only demand an explanation, in which case be would draw out the aceiiaation Wat bad all along intended to make. The man started as if he had been stung, and drew hastily away. fi Still," said one uf.tbc men, in a judicial sort of way, " I don't see how the presence of the countess here, or even her unfair prosccntion of this lady, can bf? construed into trenson to our eocictv." "No," said: the mat Co whom Wat had whispered, "and yet this man's position isa natural one." " How so?" '?' "In some way he has learned that she was a member of our society, he has learned that she has been instrumental in lmving this lady accused of nihilism, and she has furthermore pursued her in a roost malignant manner, as her carrying of the order ?o have her knoutcd is proof." " Moreover," interposed Wat,seeing what a good effect his new advocate had made. ' I accuse her of denouncing Cncrnigott to the Czar." "You accuse, but can you adduce any proof?" "No, but I caa tell you enough to mako tbe charge eeem reasonable." "Do so." " Understand first, that my only object in nil this is to get the lady safely away from this wretched country." " It is understood." ! "As I have already told you, I am a de tective, employed in the interest of Ivan Horwitz." "Yes." ?. ,-.,- -"His interests and this lady's are identical. Therefore, to aid her is a par: of my duty." ?? Granted." ."I find her a victim of Countess Almazoff's li.itc. Igo to the chief of police and tell him what 1 know of tbe matter. He says, as you have, that mere accusation is not proof." "', . "Precisely." " Nevertheless he cannot avoid seeing that my story is a logical one, and he in conse quence believes it." "Ah!" " Yes, ho believes it, but hs says I must find something tangible before ho can give mo any real help." "And did you do it?" '?? "You shall judge. I followed Sofia Al mazofi to Paris, where she bad gone with Chernigoff, as secret agents of the govern ment, and there I shadowed them both so well that I gained admission to a meeting of nihilists and overhead the details of a plot to kill the Czar. I telegraphed the word at once to Greaser, and the three men were cap tured.' £To UK Co.<tim:i.?.j 