THE STORY OP ^ANDREW FAIRFAX. CHAPTER XIIL ANDREW AND THE RECTOR. By JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "Elrad the Hie," " Jabes Easter brook," " Zillah," &c.; See to yc>ur converts, you doomed black dozen, No stealise avay cog nor cozen ! You five that trere thieves deserve it fairly; Yoa sere , that were beggars wil! live lets sparely; Yoa took yonr turn ana dipped la the hat; Got fortnne—and fortune gets you : mind that. —fiOB&RT; BCOWKIKG. The next day wag Sunday. What should he do? The church was by no means an attraction. He had been once or twice since the first Sunday he had Bpent in St. Neot, but the service became less interesting than otherwise. He found, too, that on the morning he first went a larger number than usual had congregated to hear the baens of marriage called between a certain couple. Still, he thought he would go. There was nothiug to keep him in the house, and the weather was too cold and wet to allow him to stay in the fields. During breakfast Miss Sarah looked at h<in longingly, and was seemingly grieved that he should have to sit at the opposite end of the table without a cloth on it, while young Sim was evidently pleased that there was such a great gulf between them. It is true his surroundiugs did not aid his appetite. Both Bill and Zaeky, who wore their working clothes, smelt very strongly of tho cowhouse. Thsy breathed heavily while they ate, too, as though they were in great labour, v.'hile the servant girls made a tremendous noise as they sucked at their spoon?. One of them had a cold ia iier head, too, "and wae minus a handkerchief. Still, Andrew's appetito was good, ana he swallowed his bread and milk with a certain amount of relinh. "What are ycu goin>» to do?" asked Andrew of Bill and Zacky after breakfast. "Drive the cows to field." " And after that? " Think I ish.-i!! look after my rabbut gin," replied Zacky. " Nothing e!f>&?" "Why, there's nothing else to do. You caan't go courtin' ov a mornin'." Anrirev.- turcea sway ar.<i iighed. Country people were often acuustd of being dull and stupid. What wonder was there? He went to his room and dressed for church. Since the winter had coma on he had gone tothe nearest t&'.rn and gob an overcoat. It was of good material and well made. He had bought a silk hat, too, and a new pair of winter gloves. Tiie3« he pub on, and a few minutes later stood in the kitchen rr:,idy to start. As we have hinted, Andrew was tall, well built, and a handsome fellow. Bvon_<*ht up at a gcod school, lie had been taught how to use his limbs. He had, moreover, the unmistakable look of a gentleman. Had a stranger seen him, s.nd bseu told that he was the owner of th9 parish, that stranger would not have doubted. Young Sim Cuncy entered the rcom at the same time ani looked at Andre?/ angrily. " What do you mean by dressing like that?" he asked. "Why, is there any law to regulate my clothing?" asked Andrew with a laugh. " Do you know you are our servant? How dare you come out as though you were better than your betters?" " Why would you have me dress like you ?" said Andrew, looking at young Sim's flaring necktie. " Look here," said young Sim, angrily, " I'm master and you're servant. You mustn't go to church this morning. Pull those clothes off. and take the horses to the off farm. "No."said Andrew, " I shall not do it." "That's right," said a voioe, and turning round they both saw Miss Sarah. "Iiook here, Mr. Finefiagers," said young Sim, "you want to be taken down a buttonhole, you do, and" Andrew laughed and walked away, while young Sim fumed with rage. For a servant to dare to act like Andrew had dose was something terrible in the eyes of the young farmer. On every hand the young stranger had been admired, while he, his master, had been ignored. But he would pay him out for it, he was determined on that, and he fancied his plans would be easily carried out. His two brothers did not live much at home, as they had both gone to the nearest town to learn a trade, and so he would b<= able to have everything his own way. There were few people at church—less than usual, iu faot. The place was miserably cold, too, and Andrew was glad when the service was over. No banns were "called," and consequently church was not attractive Just before the servion concluded, however. Andrew looked around the building, and in doing so he Faw the young lady he had seen the day before. Hi" heart gave a great bound. Did she see him ? Ho was not sure, and yet he fancied he saw a look of recognition. He went out of the church and walked up the path very slowly. He hoped she would rass by him. He hardly knew his reason for this hope, but he had it nevertheless, and he was gratified. Just before he reached the churchyard gates two ladies passed him. One was young the other was old. The first was the lady he had helped the preceding day. Did she reRogniBe him ? She looked ap, and he was on the point of raising his hat, but before he could do so her eyes dropped again, and the two passed on. He longed to ask the villagers who she was, but he could not. On his way home younsr "5un passed him with hiB three sisters. The young man held his head high, but the girls looked inclined to be friendly. Presently Miss Sarah stopped. "I am sorry Sim spoke to you so—Mr. Andreo-.'" She was going to say " Andrew" without the prefix, but it seemed impossible to treat this young man as a servant. "laBsure you I don't mind in the least, Miss Sarah." "I don't look on you as a servant." " But you ought, Miss Sarah, for I am." "Not like the orhers." "Pardon me, I do the same work, and although the time for receiving my wages is not come yet, I suppose I shall be paid just as they are." " But I don't look on you like that. Can't you see that I don't ?" Evidently Miss Sarah waB in love. " I should like you to be like one of the family, and I hope you and me'll be friends, and more than that if you like," she continued. She was a fins handsome girl. Rather heavy, it is true, and inclined to stoutness. She had told him as plainly as she could do that she wanted to make him her lover. Poor girl! She had been taught that the great ob ject of life was to get married, and there was very little that interested her besides. As for Andrew, he felt exceedingly uncomfortable, and yet why should he cot be friendly with this farmers young daughter ~ He had coma down into the country for a purpose. Why could he not make his life pleasant? Why not vary the monotony by playing on the heart of the girl who seemed so anxious to be in his society? There seemed but little chance of other enjoyment, and it would not hinder him m the object he had in view. Miss Sarah looked up at him with an eager, expectant face. Her eyes were honest, her cheeks were rosy. After all, walking out with a sweetheart was the staple enjoyment of country life, and Andrew was a young man. Then he thought of a pair of great brown eyes which he had se6u in the churchyard, and again he knew that Miss Sarah had spoken in vain. "I hope we shall be friends, Mies Sarah, and I thank you for your kindness. It will help me during the little while I stay here." " Yon are not going away, are you ?" "I expect so in a few months." ".Look here," she said—and she olung to his arm—"you havn't run away, have you?" "Runawsy! What do you mean?" " Sim says he believes you've run away from the army—that you are a deserter. He says you wouldn't live here else. And he's going to speak to the polioeman about it. Did you run away? I'll never tell any one — never, never!" Andrew laughed. "Let them take you," she continued; "and then, when your punishment is over, buy yourself out. I will send you tbe money. I've heard it's twenty pounds, and I've saved more than that from poultry money." "I have no need to accept {your kindness," replied Andrew. " You haven't run away ?" "I was never a soldier." "Why, you said you were." " Never. The landlord at the Queen's Head suggested it, and I never contradicted him; that is all. I was never a soldier." "Jimmer said you must have been trained to fight, or you could never have beaten so easily." Andrew laughed again. The girl looked eagerly into his face again. There was a mystery about him, and that increased his value in her eyes. " But your father did farm Trevadlock ?" "That is true." They had come up to the fumyard gates by this time, where they found Bill and Zacky staring at them in wonder. For Miss Sarah to walk home with a servant as though he were a Bweetheart was wonderful. The two youths watched them until they came close up to the door; then they stopped. " We are going to be ." She hesitated, not being able to speak the word in hsr heart. "Yes, we will be friends, Miss Sarah," said Andrew. " Thank you for your kindness." Miss Sarah entered the kitchen with _ doubtful, yet hopeful, look on her face. Andrew had not said what she wanted, and ye; she did not see his repulse. When they sat down to dinner the servants all stared. A tablecloth had been laid for them, while Andrew—wonder of wonders— had a silver-plated fork put before him in place of the usual servant's fork with two long rusty iron prongs. Poor Miss Sarah! After dinner Andrew again walked to St. Neot. This time he did not stay in the village, but walked straight to the rectory. He did not commit the sin of going to the front door on this occasion as he had done at Mr. Bean's, the steward's. He had learnt to know his place. The servant, after a few questions, showed him into tbe rector's library. He found a good fire m the grate, but no one sat in the armchair that was placed before it. He looked on the table, and saw The Churchman, but not a single monthly or quarterly review lay there. About 200 books were on the shelves. Evidently Mr. Childs was not a student. Not a single recent book did Andrew see. Thsy all looked dusty and unused. He hr.d seen so much when Mr. Childs entered. He looked at Andrew wonderingly. "And what do you went, young man?" He had learnt who Andrew was, and knew how to address him. '*I have come to talk to you about your parish and your parishioners, sir." t The rector stared at Andrew again. " You have come to talk about my parish and parishioners ?" he repeated. " That is so, sir." " And what about, pray?" " About their suffering, their poverty, their lauk of enjovment, r.nd their poor, miserable lives generally." Mr. Childs gazed at Andrew a third time. Surely the young man must be mad!" " Andwha* do ycu know about them?" he exclaimed at lenpth _"Well," replied Ausirew, '"I have b6en living amougst tham for fire months. I have been in their homes. I have talked with them. I have dons tbe same kind of work." "Naturally," replied the rec:or; "you are a servant." "Yes, I'm a servant." "Then ray advice to you is not to trouble about those things which you canaoI thoroughly understand." Perhaps I understand more than you think." " Probably you think you understand a gTeat deal. If I am informed aright you are Farm«r Fai'fnx's son You wtro taksn by the late Squire Barnard and put into sn orphan asylum, where you ware taught to be-.:salul, and then, a^ soon a3 you were old enough, you joined tho army.' 1 "Your information is not correct," replied Andrew; " : lj-jt oven if i; it ere, Idonotsnehow it aff-K- ts my pm-pose in bting hero. I have lived hers five months. I have iViuui! the great ma«s of the labourers living in houses imhailthy and uncomfortable. Many of them are not v.-indproof or waterproof. The sanitary arracjfemectE of mo?i; of tihem are abominable Both men and womt»n are suffering •rom asthma and rheumatism." " I have nothing to do with that; I am not the landlord. All the parish is o-,vned by Mis? Lezant, who places every thing connected with her property in the bands of her steward." " That I quite understand ; but surely you, as the clergyman of the parish, have a great dt?al of influence ?"' Mr. Childs looked at Andrew very keenly. Was this a sneer ? He could not tel!. " I have no influence whatever with Mr. Beans," he said at length, somewhat bitterly; " while, as for Miss Lezant, I scarcely know her." " But have you not sesn for yourself the condition of their cottages ?" "No; neither would they thank me for doing so. You must know that tbe clergyman of this parish has not tho resp?ct he has in some parishes." For a moment Andrew forgot that he was a eervant.y " I t-hig that is all tha more reason for you to make hirn respected," he said. Mr. Ohilne did not reply, and Andrew went on "I thought you might bs glad for an outsider to mentidn these things to you, for, although the people may not have complained to you, they have to me." The rector seemed to be in a difficulty. On the one hand Andrew was a servant at a farm, and on thfl other lie waa a gentleman in appearance, apparently well ed seated, and had a thorough knowledge of what he was saying. I do not see that Sc. Neot is worse off than other parishes," he said at length; "that is. parishes of a similar nature. Besides, what can I do? Tho people seldom came to Church, and the place is eaten out with dissent. Then they are so independent-, they will rather starve than treat a gentleman with due deference." " That doas notsefm to affect the question," replied Andrew. " The questions are. do the people want help? and if they do, who are the persons to help them?" Evidently the rector was getting tired of this interfering ycung man, and so he assumed his clerical dignity. " I do not think the people as a whole tre badly off," he said. "It may be that a few are, and those few, by coming to Church and appealing to me, can be relieved, either through me or the relieving officer. ft is evident you have not acquainted yourself with the facts oF the case. If, on the other hand, any are too proud to cotne to Church and seek relief through the clergy, then tihey don't deserve it." " Excuse ine, but you mistake my meaning. I do not think honest, hardworking people should be helped as paupera ; they should be educated to" " Educated ! don't tell me. Before education was so prevalent our men were oontent. They came to Church, they were respectful to their betters, they learnt the catechism, and the clergyman occupied bis proper position. Now tli is different. Some of the leaders read Radical newspapers, and stir up dissension. Our people would be content but for these new revolutionising notions."' " l am sorry to see too much content among them," replied Andrew. "If they were more discontented they might seek to do something. As it is they do nothing. They go on in this miserable groove, seeing nothing bnt mud, not realizing that God intended them to see the sun." "I think you imagine a state of things which does not exist," said the reetor, wondering more and more at the fact of Andrew being a farm labourer; "and even if it is as you say, better that than tho dreadful im morality of the t3wn3." "Pardon me," said Andrew, "I have lived in London, and while I will admit there is not the open vise here that there is there, I am afraid that the real condition of your morality is not very much better. I tell you my dream of rural innocence has been altogether dispelled. Speak to the registrar, and ask him to tell vou the story of his book of marriages and his book of births. Talk with the men yourself as I have done, try and understand their moral bent, and ofttimes it is sickening. The constant thought of many is how they can gratify their passions." " I have seen but little of this," replied the rector. "Perhaps you don't go among them, replied Andrew, " or it may be that they hide their real natures from you. Then think of the drinking oustoma. Look at St. 2>Teot,- with itB few inhabitants, having four public-houses, two in tha village and two on the roadside. Have you ever gone in them, sir?'' At tithe-paying, of course." " But of a Saturday night, or an ordinary week-night, to say nothing of special occasions?" "No, I have not." " I have. I am a teetotaller myself; but I have gon6 in to see. I do not say that you see the abject drunkennass you see in London, but it is bad enough—bad enough to sadden any one's heart. And yet, maik you, I think they are more to be pitied than blamed." "How?" " Because their lives have so little sunshine, Take these people in the winter time, what is there for them to do? Where can they go? The homes are poor and comfortless, there is not a single place in the whole parish in which they can find amusement, comfort, or instruction. Tbe only places open are the publichouses, and these only degrade. Go into the village any night and you see groups of lads slouching around. There ia not a single effort put forth to elevate them." "But what oan be done?" said the reotor, becoming more and more surprised at the eagerness of the young man. " When I oame here long years ago I tried to think of something; but I was ohecked on every hand. The farmers began to complain, and the labourers did not seem to appreciate." "Perhaps you did not go the right way," said Andrew. " Perhaps you wanted to make them go to Church, and called them heathens, and all that kind of thing. These men won't be helped like that. And then there's something else. Just think how your population decreases, and think, too, of the scarcity of young men. There were only four besides myeelf at Church this morning." " And how would you account for that?" "Your question necessitates two answers. Why are the young men not at Church? Because the Church was cold and the service unattractive. Why are they leaving the parish ? Because the cowns offer more attraction. They can get more money there, and they can get something else there—company." The rector was getting indignant, while Andrew," forgetting the sooial gulf that was supposed to lie between them, talked BS to an equal. This, of course, damaged his cause. For a labourer to speak to a clergymen in any other way than as an inferior to a superior was a great sin, in spite of the faot that the Founder of the religion, of whioh the rector was an exponent, belonged to the artisan class. " But you can't make company, young man. This is an agricultural neighbourhood, and can't be treated like a town." " Excuse me, sir, but I think that even this could bo arranged. There are still a good number of youths in the parish. There is nothing done for them Something could be done for them. By the establishment of a village club, you could provide a meetingplace. By giving them means of amusement you oould give them interest. By providing a library and reading rooms, you could give them means for instruction; by having popular lecturers down once a week through the winter months you would benefit and interest the whole neighbourhood." " It sounds very fine, young man; but your ideas are altogether impossible; besides, the things would not keep the young men in the parish. To do that you must have something more than clubs." "I do not think it ia imposible," replied Andrew. "Indeed, I know of several clergymen who have done it. In fact, from what I can see the big villages are fairly provided for, and these do not need it mere if as much as the smaller ones. Of this I am sure, incalculable good could be done by some one like yourself, if you could exert yourself on their behalf. As to keeping young men in the sarish, 6very one admits that the land is not lalf farmed, and that it needs more labourers." " But. mv dear man. the farmers complain bitterly of their bad times now. ^fhey camtot" afford more money for wages." " And yet it is an acknowledged faot that the most prosperous farmer in the parish iB the one who employs the largest amount of labour per acre. Besides, why oould not some of the land be so divided as to give some to the labourer at a low rent, eo that he might have some interest in staying here? As it is, young meu, nor indeed, any one else, have much encouragement to stay." The rector ro?e from his seat, as if the interview were ended. "I think no more need be said," was his lofty reply. " I am an old-fashioned man, and do not believe in modern topsy-turvey notions. I thought we were free from agitators, save for a few harmless fellows who don't know whan they are talking about. Your ideas would upset everything. I don't believe in this radical scheme for appropriating land. It would ij3 but the beginning of wholesale robbory. Give the labourers this and they would want something else. Presently they would begin to talk about the rights of the landowners, and about Church property. The club you talk of would be the means of airing modern actions, and lead to harmful results." "Better for them to bs discussed at a club than at the public-house." "Ah, well, I woaH rather for things to remain as they are than that we should have such arrangement* as you mention. Indeed. I would not lift a tiagnr to aid such projects." " Bat other clergymen are doing* so in large villages and in the towns with the best results." It doesn't matter what other clergymen are doing, and I think I know my duties better than you csm tell me. Good afternoon." " Then you will do nothing?" "Nothing.'"' "You will allow your Church to be empty, your pariah to be depopulated, your flock uncared for, without putting forth any effort?" Andrew stood up, and there was an indignant Ha?h in his eyes. The rector cculd not help wondering whether he ought not to have been more considerate. Certainly this young man was not of the common sort. ' When the people come to me for help in such a way as poor people should come to the clergyman of a parish, then I will help them m the way a clergyman should." Andrew left the house sorrowfully, feeling thab he had been defeated. What should he do next ?" CHAPTER XIV. THE VILL1GE CHAPEL. And outof Ihote to whum the vision came My greatest ii trJ.'y will believe he saw; Another iiatli Ueiieid it atar off, And leaving ir.imiin wrongs to riplit- themselves Carc.-i but topi s into the Client life; And cne hath the vision ace to face, And now his cliair desires him here ia vain, However tliey in ay crown him otherwise. —TENNYSON. On his way back to the farm Andrew passed through the village. By this time it waa getting dark, for Andrew's interview with the clergyman had been a long one. He was musing as to what course he should take next, when he heard eome one speaking to him. Turning, he saw Henry Y«llaud, a well-known man in the village. Henry Yelland was a man of many trades, .ud in spine of the old adage was pretty well master of them all Anyhow, ho made each of them pay him, until, to use she villagers' ihrase, he had a "long stocking somewhere." Senry wc.a a farmer, carpenter and genera! builder, rate collector, and auctioneer. Moreover, ho was a local preacher, aud was chief man in the little Methodist Chapel to which Andrew had gone. Every one within a radius of four miles knew Henry, or "Henny," as he was frequently called when not present. " And how be'<«3 likin'thaise partB?" asked Henry, when Andrew had returned his salution. "Pretty well," replied Andrew; "I think they might be improved, though." Do 'ee, now? Will 'ee come in an' have a dish ov tay? and th«n yon pan tell ine what you main." His invitation suited Andrew. It seemed to open up a way whereby his sohemes might be realized,tand without hesitation he followed the old man into the house. There was no necessity for him to be back to Trevadlock for tea, as Zacky and Bill could easily do the work there was to do. Henry's purpose for asking Andrew to tea was twofold. First, he wanted to get the young man to talk about his past life, so that he could find out the reason of his coming to St. Reot, and the other was to get him to chapeL It was his oivn turn to hold forth that evening, and he had great faith in his power as a persuader. He had never heard of Andrew as a " professor," and so if he could oonvert him it would be a fine thing. The man of many trades had furnished his iarlour with a certain degree of comfort, and lidding Andrew draw up his chair to the fire, began to ask questions. As may be imagined, Andrew was not to be ovaght, and at the end of Henry's questions that gentleman had learnt nothing of the young man's history. On the other hand, however, Andrew had manitged to get Henrr to talk about the people, and to introduce his ideas as to their welfare. But he soon found he was heading upon dangerous ground. Henry was an employer of labour, and waa a great oppor ent to many of Andrew's sohemes. " And what do you think ought to be • fione ? he asked of Andrew, who had been tailing of the oheerlesa life of the people. The young man told him pretty mucfi as he had told the clergyman. He drew a picture of the day-school or Sunday-school being turned into a sort of club-room, where newspapers and means for amusement shot ild be provided, and where coffee or some innocent drink might be had for a nominal sum. He spoke of arrangements being made with some one in the newest town whereby magir-.-U ntern entertainments, lectures, &c.;, might be introduced. These things, he thought, would lead to others, until a different state of thing* might exist. He spoke earnestly and well, but only a look of dismay settled on bis listener's face. . . " And who do you think is poin' to jctn to do oal this ?" he asked at length. "Well," replied Andrew, "I think the Churches should doit." "What do you mean by Churches "ImeanttiB two Churches in the villsge— the Episcopal Church and tho Methodist Church. I have been to tho clergyman, who refuses to have anything to do with it; but your Church could still take it up and ma ke it a success." "Youngman, do you know what yoa are talkin' about?" " I think I do, pretty well." " What you say is impossible, impossible. The church nor the chapel don't exist for -that kind of thing, 'toal." "Pray, what do they exist for, then?" " To save people's souls, young man. To save them from hell. What did Cb.trleB Tesley write ?— 'Nothing is forth a thought beneath, But how I may escape the death Which never, nevei dies. How make mine own election sure, And whan I fnil on earth, secure A mansion in the skies!'" This verse formed a part of one of Hetcry's 86rmons. eo he repeated it glibly and vrith unction. Andrew was silent, but he could not reiuain from a grim smile. "You may git forty clubs, and you wife't git a single soul saved by 'em. No, no, what we want is a revival, a great powerful revivtal; what we want is the power to— 'Speak with the Voica that wakes the dead. And bid the sleeper rise, And bid the guilty conscience dread The death that never dies!'" ' I do not know about your revivals," applied Andrew; " I have never seen one, lynt what I have in my mind is certainly nob in contradiction to religion—indeed, it is pad of "You've never seed a reevival? thenconaito chapel to-night, for we hope to haveone." " I have no objection to going to chapel at all," replied Andrew; "indeed I had thought of doing so." "Are you saved?" asked Henry, turning suddenly round cm the young man. "It depends on what you mean by baag saved," was the reply. "Saved from hell," replied the old preacher. " I certainly have no intention of going; to the place you mention," replied Andrew; "and besides that, I want to try and mitfce this world as much a heaven as I can." " This world is uothin', replied Henry; * or rather it is a howlin' wilderness ; we walk ais it were in a vain show. As I mentioned jist now,— " You don't believe in that," said Andrew. " I don't believe in it!" said Henry, with a isp. " Don't believe in it!" "Certainly you don't. You know you don't. If you do, why are you so anxious to make money ? You know there's not a miia in the parish keener at a bargain than yon are. If nothing is worth thinking about down heire except getting to heaven, why in the world clo you spend eo much time attending to tiie affairs of the body?" Henry was fairly nonplussed. He haid quoted these lines a hundred times, neveir thinking about their meaning or truth, and now when this young fellow had so coolly tdUL him that his faith was as nothing, he waft unable to reoover himself for a little time. "Come," continued Andrew, " I don't wanb to quarrel with you about your religion. Bnt of this I am sure—we both agree at heart that God wants us to be happy while we remain, down here. You know that Christ took care of people's bodies as well as their souls. He fed the hungry, He cured the diseased, He tried to pour some brightness into people's lives. Now I take it that the best Christian is the man who tries to do what Jesus Christ did. Now just ask yourself, what would He do if He lived here to-day ? Well, I believe He would try and give the p BO pie better honses to live in, He would give them comfortable furniture, pictures on their walls, just the same as you have got on yours, only I don't believe He'd paint the cows green and the befiSre^fe'wouiQ try to give thTnTsome ^lace of meeting other than the pnblic- house. He would seek to give them other amusements than those found in the ale-house kitchen. Mr. Yelland, if we are Christians, we shall do what Jesus Christ would do." Henry stared wonderingly at Andrew during this long speech. Was this young man mad ? Whoever heard that religion was to provide clubrooms and means of amusement? Whoever heard that religion had to do with people's bodies ? What had religion got to do with the houses of the people? He had always been in the habit of pleaching— Only believe, and yc-u shall be saved, And heavsn is yours for ever. He had thought of trying to get this young man converted. Was he sure that he was the better man of the two ? A nd then he reflected that works were as but filthy rags, and was comforted. " My dear young man," he said at length, you are sadly mistaken." " Am I,"replied Andrew; "then I should be very glad if you'd put me right." " If you'd seen the glorious revivals we've had up here, you would not talk like you have been doing." " I've not a word to say against revivals," replied Andrew. " Anything that will stir up these people to think of things other than those of which they are constantly thinking is good. But what I want to see is the practical results of your revivals. I will admit there are a large number of good people in the parish, but I have likewise been amazed by the immorality which exists. You know it is a fact that the converts of one winter are the backsliders of the next, and thatont of a great number who profess conversion, only a few remain Christian." Henry sighed. This was true. The young man had put his finger on a great weakness. " And it is no wonder," continued'Andrew. " No wonder! How ?" " Because nothing is done for them. Excepting one night a fortnight, your Chapel and school-room doors are oloaed from Sunday to Sunday, and these people oan go where they like. What wonder, amidst the loneliness of their life, that they seek diversion in ways that lead them astray." "There be the class meetin's, young man." "Do many go to them, pray T'i Henry shook his head. "Very few," he muttered. " I went to one," Andrew continued. "Old Amos Crews took me." " You went to a class meetin' ? Aw, yes, I heerd about it." " Well, I don't wonder that young people don't care about going. The leader had prepared nothing that would interest or help. He simply droned out a few worn- out platif c "d es." " He spoke as the Spirit gave him utterance, young man." Andrew was silent. An answer sprang to his lips, but he did not give utterance to it. It would seem irreverent. "The only power to save is religion, young man," asserted Henry. "I agree with you," replied Andrew, "but it must be a real religion—a religion touching every phase of life, and fathoming the deepest human needs. A religion like you were telling me about iu that hymn you quoted is a caricature of real religion." Henry would have replied, but he heard his daughter coming into the house. " Will you use your influence, and get your Church to take up this matter ?" Andrew asked_. seeing him hesitate. '" No, young man. Our chapel and schoolroom was built as the House of God. I will never consent for it to become a clubroom." Both church and chapel had refused him, then, for he knew that Henry Yelland was as much a master at the chapel as the Hector was at the church. Certainly the leaders of religion weie against him. Andrew enjoyed his tea thoroughly. Certainly Henry was a pooi exponent of his religion, if that religion was the one expressed in Charles Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with good food. A great ham meat pasties, tho remaius of a huge chicken pie, and abundance of clotted cream wera placed on the table, while cakes and tarts were brought forward in great varieties. Certainly whatever might be the condition of the po..r farm labourer, Mr. Yelland fared sumptuously ever? day. After tea the family went to chapel. Andrew baing placed in Henry's pew. He found the place nearly full, and unusual interest was manifested. Andrew found that tho church had been trying to "get up a revival," and on this night they expected a breakdown among the unconverted. Houry preached a remarkable sarmon, and on this occasion made a great effect. I will not try and reproduce it. If I did I should be accused of irreverence, for many of his statements would shock many who have never attended a revival meeting in Lo&mshire.; He took for bis text, " The wages of sin is death," and spent his whole powers in trying to tell the meaning of death, which in his conception was a conscious eternal torture. He quoted the Methodist catechism, whioh said that the wicked would be punished in hell by having their bodies tormented bv fire, and their souls by a sense of the wrath of God. He, moreover, enlarged on tho idea that these torments would last for ever and ever. And yet the man who preached this could crack a joke with the best at the right timethat is to say, on holiday occasions market days, sales, and BO on. while ho could eat roast beef and plum pudding with a splendid appetite. At length the sermon came to an end, and the prayer meeting commenced. Uowcame the time when the Loamshira character shone out. A great fear, almost amounting to a panic, had laid hold of many of the people, who commenced to groan. There was manifest sincerity, too, and a serious look settled on their faces ; and this was scarcely wonderful. Fancy, if you can, a place nearly ten miles from a gaslamp, where the people had been taught for long generations to be'ieve in ghosts, aDparitions, Satanic visitations, and so forth, and then think of the effeotof preaching fearful dostrines. Moreover, it was _ a dark night, and some had to go long distances alone. Every bush would be an unearthly visitant, every sound the footstep of the dead. The hymns they sang, too, were calculated to arouse every bit of latent superstition in their natures. Andrew listened in wonder. The people did rible— ng unmu£ica,1 i r but ' the words were ter- \fe stall see the Judge descending great day, wnus..the mighty, mighty trumpet bhall go sounding through the vale. We Shall see the graves all opening In the oia churchyard. Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, 4c. We shall hear the devils howling In that great day. Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, &c.; These words were set to a weird, creepy kind of music; and as at the close of each verse nearly the whole congregation burst forth with the following refrain- Turn, poor sinner, and eecapa eternal fire, For you'll have to stand the fire in that great day Andrew began to feel something of the infiu' ence of the revival meeting. And yet there were no penitents. The truth was the people were accustomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted tot influence many regarded it ss a matter of course. As the meeting went on the noise became great. One or two commenced to shout, three or four prayed at one time, until quiet thought was almost impossible. I will not describe this meeting further, or I shall, perohance, be accused of dealing flippantly with a solemn theme. For the same reason I will not relate the conversation which followed by some of the principsd members of the Church. At the same time, if I am to tell the story of Andrew Fairfax, I must neoessanly refer to this part of his life. Neither would I be accused of lack of sympathy with religious revivals—nay, I have every belief in them, provided they are genuine. Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind of meeting I have described. The people were not very suscepfcible to finer influences. Their very condition of life bad rendered them so doggish and lethargic that only those influences which appealed to their grosser natures had muolr effect upon them. Andrew, however, did not find the meeting helpful. To the young man whose surroundings had been different, and whose intellect had been trained, the teaching and genera] influence were repugnant. So much was this so that when he was asked about his own spiritual condition, he was led to give expression to some very strong words. He told these people that their conception of God and religion was opposed to what was best and truest, and that its power would grow less year by year. The young man. left the chapel with a badname, and it was hinted that any one holding such opinions as his was sufficient to kill any revival. Andrew went home with a sad heart. Ha felt as though he could do nothing. The clergyman had declined to help him. The people at the chape! evidently regarded him as a dangerous young man. Meanwhile the villagers dragged out a weary, painful existence. They had nothing that gave interest to their live?, nothing to refine or ennoble them. As for their fnture, only a painful old age and the workhouse stared them in the face. It is true that both Church and Chapel existed, but what did they do? The fonnei adhered to ancient forms and conventional methods, but it had lost touch with the people. The great vault- like building was opened only one day a week, and then it was nearly empty. As for the ohapel, there were activity and earnestness, but the work done was one-sided * and inefficient. The people did not seem be realize that the same laws prevailed in the spiritual as in the natural realm, and thus lifa was without its true joy. They oared a great deal abont saving people from hell and getting them to heaven, but as to trying to make thii world less like hell and more like heaven, by bettering the physical and social conditions of the neople, they did not regard that as a part -of the people, and thus somehow they lost grip of that which waa purely emotional. No donbt both Chapel and Ohuroh did aa amount of good, but they both lacked that social element, that regard for this work-a-day world, whereby they could have been a great power for good. "Oh," thought Andrew, "if some broadminded young curate and eome thorough-going minister could oome to these places of worship and then unitedly go to work, what a ohange oould be wrought here! Baligion oould be made a thousand times more to them than it is now—but it cannot be, I suppose. What'e to be done, then ?" He stopped a minute in the road, as if a thought had struck him. " Yes, I'll go," he said to himself; *' I wilL She paid but little attention to my letter, but if I can see her surely she will listen, even -although she thinks I am perforoe a farm .servant." " Is that you, Mr. Fairfax ? " A man had overtaken him and spolcen thus him. " I've bin wan tin' to speak to you oal day," lie went on. " My two children bs very bad ; they're chucked up in the throat, and old "Beans ev gived me noatice to laive. what I'm to do I doan'knaw." The driver of a London 'bus was being censured pretty severely by an old lady for having neglected to stop his 'bus at the exact spot wished for. " Excuse me, mum," he said, with an air of well-imitated grandeur, "yer mustn't tork to me like that; speak respectful, please. I'm one of them there bloomin' disin'erited Viscounts yer read about, what drives a 'bus 'cos they can't get nothink else to-do." 