? ^nicil impression formed l>v Messr?. Willi nn ,-ind Musj*rove's Grand Opera. Company ln»on confirmed by a second visit to the II ,Theatre. Signor Giraml, tho lifiw tenor, . cmpX-i'ly rciinverc 1 his voici-, and his acting •'«nio, tlm deceived husband and mummer, is .•ci'ii to In: nn excel lent and complete per- ,.IIUT. His rendering is so powerfully :„itic that the foreign language and the—to u . .i;-= ii• 11 persons—incongruous accompaniment i ii-ii 1 arc forgotten, and the spectators follow i! story ot the mountebank's feelings and |,i -'niis bv his eloquent facial expression aud his i . i ling notions. Signor Giraud in this way » •!,-• up the finish of the first act with telling ;.'i (mid wlitu the act-drop falls the applause • ' 'i luirats forth spontaneously comes as , ii,f to the high-strung tension of the of the audience. This tension and , • o " enlhusiiisiu is, it possible, even . r at the end of the piece, when the ... ii- uml deceived husband kills his wife and i. : ;..vi'r. and exclaims with weary pain, "The t.-ly is finished !" There is a note of absolute . -i.iirin his voice, that leaves no doubt in 1he -. ... U of the audience that the coinody is nut ii,- r iy the. episode of a. frail woman's passion,but ii. st tli' ownv'm 1 ning love, tho very life of a t i ii • li.isband, is inseparably interwoven with it. U iiii tin' end of the woman's life and guilt the -in 'iy of the husband's life was finished. Signor iI'.I inil's acting in that Jiiuih 1 . would alone have -1:i-iiju'd hint as a man of rare histrionic ability. v.'iior Onruson, as the h unchback, Tonio, plays in i rings admirably throughout, and his acting in ! MC scenes with Nedda have much to do with « .ri:injt up the minds of tho audience for the iM-.-ir sequel to the comedy. As the guilty N.-Mn Signorina Italia del Torre grows nightly in popular esteem. She has a natural and |iliM-ii'r_' manner and sings with great sweetness ni l i x]irrssion, and apparently without effort. M.r h,is already become a great favourite, and iIn- - ime compliment may with justice be paid to Si^-n 'I Mario lfoussel.who plays the lover, Silvio. S,ol''iasca shares with the other piiucipals ll,, Iwill of the audience, and deservedly so, I'.ii- r• 11 hough his opportunities in "I l'agliacci" are s -in ivhat limited,he isevidontly a born comedian, i-. f.-i..iiu"l by the exigencies of the piece. Tho -p. ii in which he sings the serenade in the play nisii'ii tiie play is ample proof o? his high rank II • vocalist, and the encore which ho nightly 1,-,-i-ivi-.^ is well merited. 'J'lie opera is commended on nil sidrs, the music of the most pleasing order, tin- pir.-c is stirring, the action of the stoiy iiiio.-.liing, and the two acts just of a. nice length t-i prrvrnt the less cultivated poition of the .-1-1-11• -11.-• - from feeling the production tedious. * # * # W,'. Ii regard to the ballet, it is simply impossible I - I - justii-e to its beauty and splendour. One lu.^'ii' write a column of adjectives; indeed, write imii. - all was blue," without conveying a faint inii'i --.-ion of " Turquoisette," with its azure .--I'II.-iy and varying shades of blue-robed moving ii.'iin s. As a spectacle this ballet has never been ii|.i,.l,-il in Australia. The leading dancers in i:i" muslin skirts seem somewhat out of the -.•liiii'j. and it. seems a pity that the harmony of ihv- well as colour had not beer, deeuied •I"-.r.Ii-, Signorina Bartha as, say. Hoy Blue, mill Simioriua D'Argo as a Blue Belle with ?ki:i-,nut. necessarily long, would add much to in- ' ii -.-I, and the change need not prevent the iiii-l iiioied terpsiehorean skill of tile ladies from li-iiiL' "'en and appreciated. The manipulation of lIn- '..i t army of dancers upon the stage and the '.",1 •-nil evolutions performed without a hitch n i! -I i he highest credit upon the stage manager, Mi. W. Ravii'-SAUi. "I Piigliaeci" will only bo ]»-ii--: iiird during tho present week, as it is iii!'"r ii-il by the management to stage the second -r.ui i pinduction on Monday evening. This will I" 1 .M is Mtrni's •' Cavalleri ltusticana,'' an opera of nn.-i. I.nnr from the old world spaaks in tho lniji- -i ii'i-ms of praise. I n! liloise .Tuno Company, engaged by Mr. J. P. II ill i- as follows:—Misses Maud Williamson, Ail!! Moore, Paget, Julia Morton, Beatrice ix "! i. Messrs. Richard Stewart (sen. and jun.), loin ' milium, Ii. H. Vernon, Haygarth, Stuart, 1! ii in I'.llis. Owen Harris. Lumsden, Edwin Kl. Kingston, E vins, D'Arcy Irvine, wiih H. S',10!, Ill-usurer,andjohn lleuuings scenic artist. A v. !. iwrrful chorus and specially augmented "i'ii- i.i is also engaged. Preparations are going "'i 11- : no most elaborate style. A • ! • - a looking glass, or to be more exact i'ii" -1 :ir-len of Eden," continues an immense ittr.i u in Melbourne. Tn; Waxworks, bigger, bettor and stronger lli ni I- . r. lies taken a great lease of popularity -i -it is the patronage accorded the Hall- .lii.'-' - i-.in, that it has been found impossible to '••mini . ito oa the bill list of clubs and ii'llii' i :i ll private and public people who have :i"iM- . their patronage. Everybody, from His i'a.-i'I; r.ry down, is on " t-he little list." I'm. .<'tendance of tho public at Fill is' circu3 'lnrn, ; io week has bean of an eminently satisfy Mill, good bouses beiug the rule without ••ri'iion. A norel competition in tho shape M '11-up riding contest for amateurs was l ir "vi.l- I ,,„ Mondiy, and on Tuesday the pro- .'i ncluded with the amusing equestrian 111' i - - entitled " The Kiggs of Mr. Briggs," a , : " V| ' i it. on its lirst presentation on Slonday '«5ln, i.'-ited immense enthusiasm. A grand fashionable evening to-morrow will be specialised by the introduction of a horse-le.-iping competition open to all comers. THORNTON eomcs to the Bijou with little Penley's enormous success, " Charley's Aunt." If Thornton can imitate Penley as closely as he imitates Terry he should scoop ill the coin in Melbourne, ill201! a week are the average takings at thutheatre where "Charley's Aunt" is showing, although the comedy has been showing many months. ,%'1'HK Psychical Research Society having now become an accomplished fact, and its initiation successfully negotiated, its members will shortly have their hands full. Amongst the first of deputations of distressed inquirers will be a deputation from the theatrical profession. Many members of the dramatic profession, men and women of undoubted ability and blameless lives, are vainly endeavouring to keep the wolf from the door. The skeleton in their cupboards is, to use an Irishism, an empty cupboard. They, therefore, purpose waiting on Mr. Ellery and his confreres in psychical research to learn from them " iiow to make the ghost walk." Ghost, we need hardly say, is stage English as she is " spook." ARE YOU AFFLICTED With DYSPEPSIA, CONSTIPATION, KIDNEY TROUBLES, BACKACHE, ACHING LIMBS, or LI V lilt COMPLAINT? If so safe remedies are within your reach at a nominal cost. CLEMENTS' TONIC and FLETOHEK'S PILLS have never yet failed to cure the worst cases. General debility, nervousness, weakness aud general complaints of the digestive and nervous systems are promptly cured by these reliable remedies. They are prepared by scientific processes, aud are not merely mechanical mixtures made only to "gull the public." The renown CLEMENTS' TONIC and FLETCHER'S PILLS have won in Australia is proof of the fact that they stand pre-eminent for their special classes of diseases. No remedies ever sold gave such entire satisfaction to their patrons, aud evidence is forthcoming from every city, town and village to prove their virtues. No doubt can now exist as to their value, but purchasers must be careful to .'et the genuine articles, as many unscrupulous traders will attempt to palm off a substitute if possible, for the sake of extra profit. 