THE CHRISTY MINSTRELS. As announced in our last issue, the subscriptions raised by the efforts of some who were interested in the Bunbury Rifle Volunteer Corps in order that proper instruments might be obtained so that a Brass Band could be formed, did not reach the required sum so that it was desirable that further efforts should be made to supplement the amount and in this extremity Mr. Stafford was applied to and he generously offered to organise a Christy Minstrel Entertainment in aid of the fund, as these entertain ments are always popular. Some weeks ago, therefore, practices were started and these culminated in a Performance which was given last night to a crowded house, thus theLJf JIUg ahe exPectations of the performers aud, we believe, addina fumiryreSpeCtable8Um t0 th° Band| at S? ®ve|rtur®co,nn,enced punctually at 8 o clock and at its conclusion the! dlsPIaJi"g the company i Minstrels standing m a circle on, the platform. They immediately sat C°ZnJ Pete (Mr- 0atlett) the I Company commenced singingthesong r Gran^e sA Stairs " which was wefl! 3 After a few jokes that ex uted much mirth, the beautiful ballad , Come where my love lies dreaming." by Moses (Mr. Jolly j Wa8 KaiJ^ in a teiy expressive manner. This was followed by the comic aong " Kiss me quick and go" by Tambo (Mr 5 Caporn) and this managed to elicit the applause of the audience. The song " Bye-bye-baby" by Caesar (Mr. N. Moore) was then given and was sang exceddinglywell, receiving its due share of applause. Bones (Mr. F. E. Stafford) then came in with his comic song and dance "Jumping Jane" which, as may be imag- ined, proved the most attractive En to t!ta\ bad beeu rendered core wahilagG iaUd received ™ en core, which, however, was not responded to. The ballad •' Bury me near the old home" was then euii bv Servms (Mr. Tabards) and was much appreciated, more especially as its chorus was admirably sang the various one f f£Ug perfect> ia ket this was one of the most musical pieces of the rj' S0DE " Peefc-a-Boo by Sj7-, ° 'b<:» g'"M and, as it is an old favourite, received hearty applause Cmsar Allowed witli thePmedley J ohnny get your gun" which he sang its fnT I***"' rDd Wbicb received reomau«8wrL-° apPlause- "The (Mr H SS ? S°ng" b-v Jobnson (Mr. H. Bradshaw) was then rendered m an admirable manner. This was S h. b^Jom:C80"e br Boss fVfr PT w - X , ouu£ °y 15 OSS (Mr. H. Weiss) who accompanied himself on the banjo and which " mo «Mujo and which ISnn Sb°A ^ bef'ty enC°re tbat the audience had to be gratified, "The wge" !ei!lggirei1, The song W hite Wings by Fete followed, after which came the most laughable J- wb°le evening "The Bunnv Little Nigger by Bones. Tiie chorus i,- , lrfiou8 consists of laughing hi'f j Stafford Sare in I hearty and rational-manner that the bo r^..s 1W".;n an _ U_ „ " -"*7 JO ana for whicl repeal,,a", 0"tbusiasli<= oucore repeating the last verse as one ry . ° , i«oii verse as one Between each of the songs very amus ing jokes were given or conundrums asked that invariably provoked mirth, some especially proving exceedingly attractive- A joke was given after " The Funny Little Nigger" and this was followed by the fall of the cur tain, the audience having fully appre ciated the first portion of the enter tainment, which was well borne out by the hearty and continuous applause the performers received at the fall of the curfain. At this point Lieut. J. Marshall rose and on behalf of the Officers, non- commissioned Officers and men of the Bunburv Voluuteer Corps, "cor dially thanked the audience for their attendance and for their liberal sup port. lie expressed regret that Dr. Lovegrove had been summoned to Greenbushes by telegraph as he would much rather it had fallen to the Captain's lot to have thanked Mr. Stafford for the great pains he had taken to provide them with such ail excellent evening's entertainment. Mr. Stafford suitably acknowledged the compliment and said that it had been a source of great pleasure to himself and his friends to be able to assist in such a laudable and popular movement as the establishment of a Brass Band in connection with the Volunteer Corps. An interval of 10 minutes was then ; given, which was followed by the over , ture commencing the second part of j the programme. "The Little Peach" by the Company was the first item of the programme and this was well rendered, Messrs. Stafford, Caporn, Moore, Jolly and Catlett. each taking a part in the solo. The audience ap parently fully appreciated its worth judging by the applause it received. Mr. H. Weiss then appeared and executed a splendid step dance, his movements being both perfect and graceful. It is hardly necessary to add that he received a well-merited encore but was unable to accede to the wishes of the audience owing to the lateness of the hour. Mr. Bradshaw appeared, made up as a - proverbial inebriate, to give his lecture on Temperance" and fully justified all expectations, delivering the lecture in an admirable manner, the lecture fre quently eliciting much applause, after which the curtain wa^ dropped. It was then raised for the last time when a most amusing rarce arranged by Messrs. Weiss and Corbett was placed before the audience. It was, without doubt, acted perfectly, the imitation of Mr. Corbett of the deaf man being splendid whilst Mr. Weiss, who sang and accompanied himself with his banjo, also deserved great praise for the way he acted throughout. The farce concluded with the entrance of a ghost which was well represented. The National Anthem brought the night's entertainment to a close, everyone departing fully satisfied with the programme that bad been placed before them and carrying away with them the knowledge that, as far as Mr. Stafford's Christy Minstrel En tertainments are concerned, it possible to provide equally as good ones locally as are given by any travelling company. 