INTERCOLONIAL, AtWindoroli a oliild n'omod' George Geiger, oeed 2 years and 1 month; strayed from Canter bury on Saturday, 1st July, and though upwards, of 40 horsemen and- trackers havo been in searelu of him during six days- no trace of - the ohild can ho found. .. ' Tho dcatii ia reported at Tlnirsday-Islahd of another diver' named W.'H; Mapplebcck while working- off iDarnley - Island- in 24' fathoms of .water. : Miipplehcolc went out speoinlly. prepared for deep, diving, having . every belief. -.that the recent great mortality was due, to the;earqlesi: ness of tho divers. ".' " J : At Newcastle,' Robert Sinclair, wn' apprentice, on board the ship: Mooltah, wliilh sweeping1 up. the between decks on 21st June last, steppedback' inadvertently. and foll qver the main hatoh into: tho lower hold, a distance of 16 feet, striking, his head and shoulder with great force. Ho died after lingering for several days. ; It was tho lad's .first voyage.' ; ' " it- : ; : To- those .who - have -any knowledge of - the immense- number , of, sea mullet: -whieh .swarm into Moreton Bay from, .'rill its' oponings at this season of the' year it' is painful in the extreme (says a BrisbaAe'journal) to remember that with, all this wealth of ' food almost literally; cn3t- -upon our shores there should , bo , those .in ' our midst uhablo to get enough to- satisfy .the pangs ofhunger, ' - ' - : : In the Northern Territory 'local aborigines have becn feeling muoh oonoerned'as to whether or not the blaoks under sontenee of: death' will be; hanged in ; the gaol enolosuro., . They aver that if the hanging does tokoa, place within, tho precincts the ghosts of tho strangled darkies will for ever appear to all and sundry 'abori ginals who afterwards have- to serve- ni time in durancoYand the heart of the future offender is sorely troubled. . . . ,, An instsnco of the liberality of the New Zoa- Iand Government Insurance department, is' re corded; -A young man &ome;: time ago- sent : in, through the local postmaster,' a proposal- for in surance, but previous -to its acceptance ho met with a serious gun accident. The department wore duly informed of tho fact ; but instead of rejecting the proposal,' as might have; been ex pected under the circumstances; it was promptly accepted and tho polioy issued. . . A serious accident happened on 8th- July at a level crossing on the North line about two miles south of tho Burra railway station, when a. farmer named J. G. Mann, residing at Daviston, was caught by tho morning goods train from tho city and considerably injured. , Mr. Mann was driving to tho Burra iu a spring oart, and on account of the morning being cold had a cap on with the flaps down over tlio side of his face. On nearing the orossing in question he failed to see the morning goods train approach ing until on the line, when it- was too late, as the engine, orashed into his. horse, killing it on the spot, smashing the cart and throwing the driver out against the fence. _ During a mooting of creditors in the ostato of Mniy O. Kennedy, draper, of AVestport, tho olbcial assigneo received . a letter from tho debtor, as follows: — "I received from you a summon3 issued under the Bankruptoy Aot 1883. As I havo never ;been adjudioatcd a bankrupt under that aot I oannot appear. If you- want me to appear under the not of 1892, under whioh Adjudicated, and send me return ticket tv-lr ''P5- fl"y for soven days' absonoo from Jir'1!",'1 f,sliali .appear." Tho official assigneo remarked that the teohnioal objection was a good one. Tho orcditors therefore resolved to Imi 1 sa'0,n„P»«snge tiket to Miss Kennedy, find also £3 10s. for. ofcbor. expenses, in order to onsure her attendance in Wellington. A young mnn named Henry E. A. Henkel- msnn a resident of tho Millioent district, was out shooting at Mount' Graham with two friends, named Northern and Cram. As .tbO-Party was getting through a wire netted rm'nJiPr.7WltU b't,b wit® the ebarge of w 1 fnU, n i +i G A 8 u n acoidcntally exploded and tho onminn !, 0 6'ruo'f Hohkelmann, who was X'nsfi ' tho ,®ot panel, on the left log jest M the bqnea le a dread- nsto mnn r0r, ?0 n set in, and tlio unfortu- whn dltd 'n?0 daJ'a a!ter- Henkolmann, ' mim,r.8finly 2,5 of age, was a eon- V ?Sa®8iire wherever die wont, being -!6.fect sfld that g k R "lay therefore safely bo AustrsUs. WBa abouttb6 tallest man in: South idi "ir 7S f0Un.d i" a flying condition on the Silvsrbono r0i?r tweon Hunterville and New Zealand, and y'l1" a hat full, of water, a lot.of burnt time Sf ?ovora ?£ a pooketbook, and some cork nil I l 1' of; a lunch nnd a sealed bottle tt"? ol®8e almost empty afcryolinino thehottlo cork found previously belonging to promntlv W n V08 aent for and arrived minntea Yff 10 man .breathed his last' a few show tbii?,i r<j8' ' bo ovidcnce went . to unsmm,! I080? Poi»oofl himself while of Mturned n' -anda verdit to that effect was Wson Konoral'y thought ithat. the Horn MialS Y, muat httvo be0n brought Eenn i?Srteh'eonn bMn "Iy Biaut-oi'm?t'C»a " oalosman " oxporieneod a station rennnfi Ti w a' tbe Run0diii railway train shortlv n "rjved by tho Oamnrn stoDnod mi M, . 0 "loobi ' and had hardly to work toV0 OQrriaEO,when a young;, man set: ing with dim ur0U4a, y borsowhip him. Esoap. ahelter In i?-u y' f 'tihorant vendor sought ont, and tlilln ?airCk offi,00', lo(:kinB his assailant CMnt oi.i i telephoned for the police. Ser- tZS »fnt„ie4ykP "ppt'y arrived, and the salesmau Person »h- bad beon assaulted by some of th« i. a atranger to him.' The officer aueatlnno/iTi Wover' boing oredulous, oroas. that hn h?i 4 ep man' wbo subsequently admitted yearsof »i f",ay ' a y«"S fiirl some 18 the npnnv? "Sainst the wish of lior family, and tL-Z? who a""ultqd iiim was her brother.. tiev to nX"?0 tho steamer ;Borcoo; from Syd- oooasionod 4?a arked by an incident that Sydnev"0.! ,00nal<ifahl6 :uneasinoas.- She left ' .y-j harbor af tor- some, delay- inoidental to theahipping of a non-union orew.-and thesnmo night, whon somo distnneo north. of tho port, it was fonnd that hot steering gear would not not. The vessel had to bo stopped, and for some time she lay rolling in.tho waves, apparently holp- Ioss. I lie ships, officers soon discovered tho defoot, whioh appears to havo been duo , to somo person tauiipering with tho chains passing round the stoerlng quadrant; nnd though the vessel wns several hours out before tho stoppage oc curred, it is believed that -the. misoluef was d<?n,0 bpforo she left the wharf. The ohain was with aifBcuUy adjusted, and tho vcssol oventu- ally proceeded on her voyage without further mishap. Had the breakdown oceurrcd in pass ing through the heads the consequences might have been disastrous. . On 27th June, aa tho 9.35 train from Wnikato was approaching the Otahuhu railway station, a women was seen to bo running aeross tho line! The station mnstor arid other's on tho platform, notioing-tho woman in danger, shouted to her not toattempt to.oroas tho track. Apparently she did not hear their cries, ond as the danger bceame more imminent they absolutely sorenm'cd to her to turn back again. Still tho unfortunate -woman persisted in hor rash endeavor to reach the platform. To all appearances ohe was utterly oblivious to the faot that several people were gesticulating wildly and shouting mndly- to her not to make, tlio nttempt, and also that tho Meroer train was -hearing right down on lier. She absolutely etumblcd right on to tho cow catcher of tiie -engine.- : This simply turned her aside as a plough -turns a : furrow, and tho woman was tin-own against the platform and fell bnolc under tho wheels, of the engino, half of tho train passing oyer her body before the engino could bo stopped. Apparently death was in stantaneous, and the : body was terribly mutil ated. 