DANGbilOUS JOKING. ARTIN was the eldest eon and hope ol Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured for bim universal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the ' girls, old and young ; bat he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ashten, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful aashe was, it seemed Strang* that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and . the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," eaid Martin. Nobody can believe that a .ghost has really been seen there; and J. doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you feit no fear." '* And what would that nravA ?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Tour fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid off "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." " Ha, ha! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, «ur friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when yon return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, tattooing bis coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring hack with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on bis errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky—then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, aet out to Dotuin. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house beard terrible screams. Dreading aome tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosod the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless una the corpse. He never spoke again, and lfvvd but a few months, to die an idiot. 