GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Graham;, of Anerley, has received a prise from the University Cor respondent for tbe best collection of schoolboy ' howlers'1 ; and tbey are printed In the current number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says : — ' Wbeu I learned one day tbe remarkable fact that ' Haled aud Odeeaae translated Earipides,' I felt tbat (be time had come for action ; I waa seized with a burning desire to share witb others my joy In tbese facts ; and as a means nf spreading tbe 'New Learn ing,' I began lo collect from examination papers and answers In class whatever would throw new light on old eubJecU. r bave been Borne years at ft now, aud have pleaBure in sendiug you tbe snb jotned twelve extracts from my 1 gems.' Tbey are all bona Jide answers, the spell ing and punctuation being unchanged ; In most cases I have still tbe original dor.uoaents frum which tbey are taken.' Auuong ' selected speclmene' from Miss Graham and others, given by our con temporary, are -be following Divinity. — Esau was a man who wrote fables an l w-io sold tbe copyright to a publisher f--r a bottle of potash.— Ex- plain tbe difference between tbe religions beliefs of tbe Jews and Samaritans. Tbe Jews believed io tbe synagogue and bad tbeir Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans be ieved in tbe Church of England end worshipped in groves of oak ; therefore tbe Jews bad no dealings with tbe Sitnaritans ? Titus waa a Roman Emperor —supposed to bave written (he Epistle to tbe Hebrewe — bis other name was Oatee. English History.— Oliver Cromwell was a man wbo was nut into prison for bis interference in Ireland. Wben be was in prison he wrote ' Tbe Pilgrim's Progress' ; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Sbes — Wolsey vas a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after beiog decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, -'Ah ! if I bad only served you bb you bave served me, I Would not bavu been deserted io my old age.' — Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, wbo was afterwards called Lord Welliugtnn ; a monument was erected to biui la Hyde Park, but it baa beeu ta-en down lately. Who waa Henry III.? A zealous supporter of tbe Church, aud Died a Diesentry.— What la Dlviue Rigbt ? The liberty to do what you like in Church.— Wbat Is a Papal *ulf? A soil of cow, ouly larger and does not give m.ik. — Perkin Warbeck raised h rebellion iu the ruign of Henry VIII. He eiid be was tbe son of a prince, but he was really tbe sou ot respectable people. Definitions —Phoenicians.— Toe in veutors of Phoaiuclan blind?. Baccha nal. — A uativo of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimera. -A tbiog used to take llkeuesaea with. Watershed — Apiaoe in whicb boats are stored in winter. Gender. — Is tbe -way whereby we tell wbat sex a man is. Cynical.— A cynical lump of sugar Is one pot nted at the top. Immacu late. — State ol those wbo have passed tbe entrance examination at London Univer sity . Hydrostatics ? Is wben a mad dog bites ynu. I( is called bydropbobla wben a dog is mad, and bydriBtatics wbeu a man catches II. English Language aud Litera ture — ;Keats wrote a eavagecrlticlsm ou Endymion, wbicb brought on consump tion.— The sonnet Is a thing tbat has in its first four Unas two meteors (quartan) and In last six Vvo meteors (tuiZBtte).— Latin of tbe 4tb period was Intro duced Into tbe language at tbe Invention of Christianity 597 a.d„ when the nobility and gentry spoke Latln Frenr.b and tbe Danes settled tbe throne for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was very ? weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfll hiB duty wbicb the Ghost had told him. He was very good tn his mother. He profalns madness, be really only put. it on but some people sBy be waa mad. One day when be waa fighting the king asked him if lie would bavesometblng to drink & be bad put polsln in it & Hamlet said be would watt till tbe Queen took It &th;«nshe falls down dead Hamlet im iur.,1 ui ly stabs his father and drinks tbe poiain and diBs — Wbat do you under stand by tbe Augustan age in Englisb Literature? We mean tbe time of Oiadmon, who flourished and wrote ' Comas ' about tbe time tbat St. Augue tlne converted the people of Kent. ? 