[sow men xoemshsd.] ALL ALONG THE RI¥ER. Miss M. E. BR ADD ON, "Lady Andley's Soorot," "The Venetians ; or, All in Honoor," " Aurora Floyd,1 ' "Tlio Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I am," "Taken at the Hood," "Phantom Fortune," " Inlco and TJnllke," " Wearers and Weft," &o.;, &o.; &o.; All Queensland Biobts Besehyed. CHAPTER I. The Rain Set Eaiut in To-night. }T had been raining all the morn ing, and it was raining still, in. that feeble and desultory manner ■- -which presages a change of some kind, when the postman came -frith the long-expected Indian letter. He was later than usual. It was liearly 2 o'clook, and Isola had keen watching for him aince 1, watching with an unread book in her lap, and her un tested luncheon upon the table. She had been sitting by the open window, looking, ont at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull gray river, with the great green hill beyond, a Bteep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chessboard. At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman's heavy boots, and saw his shining oilskin hat moving above the edge of the hollies, and heard the click of the iron latch as ho came into the little She called to him from the window, and he came tramping across the sodden grass and put her letters into her out stretched hand. One from her sister in Cadogan place. . That would keep. One from an old schoolfellow. That would keep. And one—the long-looked-for Indian letter, which she tore open eagerly, and read hurriedly, devouring the close lines, in the neat, black penmanship, with its decided up and down strokes, and legible characters, bo firm, so strong, so straight forward, like the nature of the man who wrote the letter.. The tears sprang to her eyes as she came to the end, and her hand crushed the thin paper in a paroxysm of vexation or'despair. ' Six months—perhaps a year before he can come hack, and I am to go on living here—alone, .unless I like to Bend for a girl whose face I never saw, to keep me company, and cheer me with her good spirits. I want no strange girls. I want no one's good spirits. I hate people with good spirits. I want him, and nobody but him! It is hard that we should bo parted like this. I ought to have gone with him, in spite of all the doctors in Christendom.' She relented towards the letter which her feverish hand had UBed so badly. She smoothed out the flimsy paper oarefully ■with that pretty little hand, and then she . re-read the husband's letter, so full of grave tenderness and fond, consoling words. He was with his regiment in Burmah, and the present aspect of things gave him no hope of being able to return to Eng land for the next half-year, and there was no certainty that the half-year might not he stretched into a whole year. The separation could not be more irksome to his dearest Isola than it was to him, her -husband of little more than a year; hut not for worlds would ho have exposed her to the risks of that climate. He took comfort in thinking of her in the snug little Cornish nest, with his good Tabitha. Isola kissed the letter before she put it in her pocket, and then she looked round tee room rather dolefully, as if the Cornish neat were not altogether a para dise. And yet it was a pretty little room enough—half dining-room, half study, with well bound hooks on carved oak ahelves, and photographs and bright draperies, and cosily cushioned bamboo chairs, and a birdcage |and Persian cat, and the garden outride was notflower less, even on the threshold of winter. The purple blossoms of the veronica were untouched by frost; there were pale tea roses gleaming yonder against the dark gloss of holly and laurel. There were Bfar-Bhaped single dahlias of vividest red, like spots of flame; and close under tho j window, Itst splendour of departed summer, the waxen chalice of a lilium auratum trembled on its tall stem, and filled the room with perfume. The rain was oyer—the monotonous j drip, drip, which had irritated Isola's j nerves all that morning, had ceased at last. She left the modest little lunch untonched upon the table, and wpnt out into the hall, where her hat and jacket hung handy for any impromptu ramble. Wo need to look at oneself in the glass before going J out of doors, at twenty years of age, and in such a place as Trelasco. Iaola took her stiok from the .stand, a green orange stick, bought in the sunny south, on her I way to Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely trip, which.had been to them as a second honeymoon after a few happy months of wedloek. Then had come the sadneBs of parting, and a swift and lonely I return journey for the young wife—a lonely return to the Angler's West, Tre lasco, that cosy cottage between Loat withiel and Fowey, which Major Disney had bought and furnished before his mar riage. He was a son of the soil, and he had ohosen to pitch his tent in that remote spot for the Bake of old associations, and j from a fixed belief that there was no ] locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues which a man should seek in his home. Isola rarely touched that stick without remembering the day it was bought—a rainy day in Milan—just such a day as I this, a low, gray sky, and an oppressive ] mildness of atmosphere. She remem bered with the sick pain that goes with long partings how she and her huahand had dawdled away an afternoon in the ! yictor Emmanuel Gallery, buying hand kerchiefs and neoktiee, a book or two, a collection of photographs, and finally the orange stick. She went out to walk down her de pression before teatime, if possible. She went along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a road that skirted those green pastures which rose sheer till the | ragged edge of the topmost boundary ] seemed to tonoh the dim, gray sky. She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at this Beason and at this hour. She. passed the half-dozen decent cottages, and the ] three or four genteeler houses, each in its neatly kept garden, and she walked with quiok, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor-gown well dear of the mud, h^r stiok striking the hedgerow now and then, as she swung it to and fro in dreamy thought. A long, londv winter to look forward to—a winter like the last—with her books and drawing board and her cottage piano and the eat and the fox-terriers and Tabitha' for her daily companions. There were a few neighbours within a radius of half a dozen miles who had been very rivil to her, who called upon her, say once in six weeks, who some- | times invited her to a stately dinner party, and sometimes at a suspiciously short notice, whioh made her fed she was I wanted to fill a gap, who made her free of their tennis lawns, and who talked to her on Sundays after church, and were always very particular in inquiring for any news from India.* There was not one among them for whom she eared, not one to whom she would have liked to pour out her thoughts about Heats or Shelley, or to whom she would have confided bar opinion of Byron. She liked Bulwer's 'Audley Egerton' better than any of those flesh and blood neighbours. She was happier sitting by her chimney corner with a noval than in the best society available within a drive of Trdasoo. She btruck o£ the high road into a lane, a lane that led to the base of a wilder hill thin that where the red cattle were grazing. The crest of the hill was J common land, and dark fir trees made a wring line against the autumn sky, and the view irom the summit was wide and yaned, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark gray sea far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off the watery way to the new world. On the landward slope of that wild looking ridge was the Mount, Lord Lostwithiel's place, uninhabited for the greater part of the year except by servants, his lordship being the very last kind of mail to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the London theatres and the Thames Yacht Club. . Who was Lord Lostwithiel? Well, in the estimation of Trelasco, he was the only nobleman in England, or say that he .was to all other peers as the Bun to the other planets. He belonged to Trelasco by reason of bis large landed estate and the accident of his birth, which had taken placo at the Mount, and although his ?n<^ way of life were not alto gether satisfactory to the village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Isola Disney climbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tall fir columns and loifited down at the November landscape, very distinctly defined in the soft, gray at mosphere. She could see the plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white against the deep, rich red. She could see the winding river, bluish gray, between its willowy banks, and far off towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orange and tawny and rasset and dun colour between the blue grav water and pale gray sky. She loved this wild, lonely hill, and felt her spirits rise in this lighter atmos phere as she stood resting againat the | scaly trunk of the fir, -with tbe wind | blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only, the sleepy Persian cat or the hyper-intelligent fox terrier for company. There was a longer and more picturesque way home than j that by which Bhe had come. She could j descend the other side of the hill, skirt the gardens of the Mount by a path that led through the park, and which was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favourite walks, and she was so accus tomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never expected to meet anyone more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child upon the footpath. There was a thick chestnut copre upon one aide, and the wide expanse of undu lating turf, with an occasional clump of choice timber, upon the other. The honse stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and. hidden by shrub beries that had overgrown the intention of the landscape gardener who planned them. Only Die old gray stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered chimneys, showed above the copper beeches, and deodaras, the laurels, and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleam ing amongst the green. Isola had never seen that old Manor House nearer than she saw it to-day, from tte path which was a public right of way through the park. She knew that the greater part of the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these auoient rooms and passages most especially, there were numerous legends^ and traditions and historical associations, not without the suspicion o! ghosts. _ The Mount was not a show place, jlike the homo of the Treffrys at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by certain human fossils who had served the honse of Hulbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chim neys, likening tbe house amidst its overgrown shrubberies to the Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and had wished that she were on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. ' I dare say if I were daring enough to open one of the doors and go in I should find them all asleep," she thought, 'and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awakening anybody.' She' ■was too depressed and disappointed to day to give more than a careless, unsee ing glance at those many gables as she walked along the muddy path beside the dripping copse. The ohestnut boughs were nearly bare, but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of the sun; and though the leaves were bins: sodden and brown among the rant wet grass, there wer^ emerald mosses' and cool green ferns, and red and orange fungi to give colour to ths foreground, and to the little vistas that opened here and there amidst the tangle of underwood. Those final yellow gleams were fading low down in the western sky as Isolst turned her face towards the river and thei Angler's Nest, and just ahove that pale radiance of a watery sunset, there stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must mean mischief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three from home, without waterproof cloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter' within three-quarters of mile. She quickened her pace, watchingthe fad* ing light and lowering .cloud, expecting thunder, lightning,hail, Bhe kne w not what! A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts^ Torrential rain! That was the meaning of the inky bar above the setting sun. She looked round her helplessly. . Should, she dart into the copse, and try to shelter herself amidst those leafless twigs, those slender withies and saplings ? Better to face the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gown would not be much the worse for a duck ing, her neat little feet were accustomed to rapid walking. Should she run ? Ho; useless when there were three miles to be got over. A brisk, steady tramp would be better. Bat brave as she was than fierce rain was far from pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope her way along the path with her stick. ' Pray let me take you to the house,' said a voice close beside her, a man's voice —low and deep, and with the accents of refinement. Could one of Lord Lostwithiel's fos< silised servants talk like that ? Impos sible. She looked up, as well as sh« could under that blinding downpour, and saw a tall man standing beside the pathx way with his back to the copse. Lik< Rosalind, he was more than commpn tall, and of slim, active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyed which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about a_d much as Bhe could see of the stranger in the November dusk. ' Pray, let me persuade you to come to the house,' he said, urgently. ' Ton are? being drenched. It is absolutely dread ful to see anybody out in such rain, and there is no other shelter within reach. Let me take you there. My housekeeper will dry your hat and jacket for you. I ought to introduce myself, perhaps. I am Lord Lostwithiel.' She had guessed as much. "Who else would speak with authority in that place? She dimly recalled a photograph, pale &n;<| faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uni form, seen in somebody's album; and the face of the photograph had been the samct elongated oval face—with long thin nose, and dark eyes a shade too near together,' which was looking down at her anxiously now. She felt it would be churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. ' You are very kind,' she faltered. ' I am sorry to be so troublesome. I ought, not to have come so far in such doubtful' weather.' She went with him meekly, walking her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her back now as they made for the house. ' Have you really come far ?' he asked. ' From Trelasco, I live at the Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. Tou know it, perhaps ?' ' Yes. I know every house at Trelasco. Then you are staying with Mrs. Disney,. I presume ?' ' I am Mrs. Disney.' ' You ?' with intense surprise. ' I beg your pardon. You are so young. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person. He glanced at the girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could scarcely ba more than 19 or 20. He had met Majof Disney, a man who looked about 40—a luoky fellow to hare caught such a pretty bird as this. They had reached the shrubbery by this time, and were hurrying along q winding walk where the rain reached them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the house. Lost withiel opened a half-glass door, and led Mrs. Disney into the library, a long, low room, full of curious nooks and coi ners, formed by two deep chimney-pieces, and by the projecting wings of the heavy oak bookcases. Isola had never seen any room so filled with books, nor had she erer seen a room with two such chimney pieces of statuary marble, yellowed-with uge, elaborately carved vvitli clierubie bead, and Cupics, and torches and festal wreaths,, hows and arrows, 'lyres nnd urns. A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was hither Lostwithiel 'brought his guest, wheeling a large arm chair in front of the blaze. ' If you will take off your "hat and 'jacket, and sit down there, I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you,' he said, •with his hand upon the bell. •' You are "more than kind. I must 'hurry home directly the rain abates a little, I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about me,' said Isala, devouring the room with greedy eyes, anxious to take in every detail of this' enchanted castle. 'Sbemight never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel was so seldom there. His absenteeism, was the lament of the meighbourhood. The things be ought to ! have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had been wild in his' •youth. He had once owned a theatre.: nr. He had done, or was supposed to have •done, things which were spoken of with hated breath; "but of late years he had' .developed new ambitions, and had done 'with 'theatrical speculations. He hed (become literary, scientific, political. He 'was one of the lights of the intellectual •world,-or that small section of theintel-; deetual which is affiliated to the smart: •world. He knew all the clever people in ' London, and a .good many of the intel-1 leetnalities of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna. > He had never married ; hut it was sup-1 posed that he would eventually marry,' 'before ire was 40, and that he would make -: a great match. He was not rich, but he was Lord Lostwithiel. He was by no means handsome, but he was said to be one of-the- most fascinating men in London. Isola pulled off .her jacket slowly, look- > lag about her all the time; and Lost-; witfciel forbore from offering her any: -assistance lest he should increase her (evident shyness. Aman in plain clothes, who looked; more like a valet than a butler, answered the hell. 'Send Mrs. Mayne, and bring tea,' ordered his lordship. "What a slender, girlish form it was which the removal of the tweed -jacket -revealed. The slim waist and somewhat narrow -shoulders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the 'head, now the hat was off, would also have done for Diana ; a small classic -head, with sof c, brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low, white brow nnd ;rolled into a knot at the hack. The features were as del icate asthe complexion, in whieh there was no hrillioncy of colour ing, only, pale, ivory tints. The eyes were dark gray, with long, brown lashes, sn3 their present expression .washetween anxiety and wondering Interest. Lost withiel was not such a coxcomb -as to ap .propriate that look of interest. Ho saw that it was his hoase and not himself which inspired the feeling. ' You like old houses, I can see, Mrs. Disney,' be said, smiling at her. '"Dearly. They are like poemsTn'brick and stone, are they not ? I dare say there are storin about this room.' ' Innumerable stories. I should have. :to ransack the Itecerd Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very had memory to a perilous extent for others.' 'Is it haunted ?' ' I am not one of those privileged per " sons who see ghosts; neither seventh son of a seventh eon ; nor of the medrumistic temperament; hut I have heard of an apparition pervading the house on occn-, sions, and being seen in this room, which is one of the older rooms, a-part of that building which was once a grange apper taining to a certain smail monastery, put down hy Henry VIII., and recorded In the Black Book. As one of the oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny; but as I have never suffered any inconvenience tn that Hue, I make it my own particular 3en." . 1 It is the most picturesque room I ever saw. And what a multitude of books'.' .exclaimed Ieola. -' Yes; I have a good many "books. I -am always buying; hut I find I never have exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am tco apt to forget the books I have. If I could afford to ipend more of my life at the Mount, I would engage some learned gentleman, whose life has "been s failure, to take : save of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mrs. Disney?' ■" •Kb. 1 was horn at Dibsd.' '"What! in that medieval Breton city ? Yon are not French, ' though, I think V ' My mother and father were 'hoth English, hut my sister and I were 'born and brought up in 'Brittany.' Lostwithii'l questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when English people live for a good many years in a' Breton town they have reasons of their ■ own, generally financial, for their choice; of a settlement. He was a man who ! could not have spent six months of his ; life away from London and Paris. The housekeeper made her appearance j and offered her services. She rung the ' rain out of Isola's cloth skirt, and wiped i the muddy hem. She-took charge of the' jacket and hat, and nt Lostwithicl's sug-; geBtiou she remained to pour out the 'tea. She was n very dignified person, in a'black' silk gown, and a lace cap, and she treated her master as if he had been a demi-god. • Isola could not be afrnid of taking tea ini this matronly presence, yet she keptlooking: nervously'towards the window in front of her, wheretherain heatwithundiminished. ■force, and where the darkened sky told of. ■impending night. ' I see you ore getting anxious, Mrs... Disney,' said Lostwithiel, who had noth-' ing to do but watch her face, such'an-ox pressire face at all times, so picturesquely: -beautiful when touched by the flickering light of the low wood fire. 'If you have; to wait for fine weather you may be'here; all night, and your good people at home would be frantic. I'll older a carriage, and you cnu heat Borne in three-quarters, of on hour.' ' Oh, no, lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't; give you so much trouble. If your housekeeper will be so very kind as to, lend me a cloak and umbrella, I can get . home very well. And I had better start at once.' ' In thoTain, alone, and in the darkness. It will be dark before you are home in any case. Ho, Mrs. 'Disney, if I wore -to permit such a thing I should expedt Major Disney "to-call me out directly ho' came home. He is in India, I think.' ' Yes. He is with his -regiment in' Burmab.' ' Do you expect'him home socn f ' Hot very'soon ; mot for six months, or perhaps longer. It was that which made me walk so far.' lostwithiel looked puzzled. _ 'I mean that I was so disappointed by his letter—a letter I received to- day—that I went out-for a long -walk to walk down my had spirits if I -could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made, me inflict trouble on you, and Mrs. ' 'Mayne. Both Mrs. Mai ne and I are delighted to he of use to you. Order-the , station brougham, Dalton, immediately,': to the man who answered his bell/ 'The carriage can hardly be ready in less than twenty minutes, bo pray try'to- do; justice to Mrs Mayne's tea.' ' ' It is delicious tea,' said-Isola, sip Ding it lnxurionsly, enjoying the fireglow, and the dancing lights upon the richly-bonnd. hooks in all their varieties of colonring,: from crimson and orange-tawav to cream' Vellum. She was evidently relieved in.her mind hy the knowledge that she was to be driven borne presently. 'If you are really interested in this old house you must come some sunny morning and let Mrs. Mayne show you oyer it,' said lostwithiel, establishing himself with his cup and .gaueer upon the ■other side of the hearth. ' She knows all the old stories, and she haB a better memory than I.' 'I should like so much to dp next summer, when my husband can come with me.' ' Dm afraid Major Disney won't care much about the old place. He is a native of these parts, and must have been here often in my father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am heTe next October for the shooting—but there iB no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morning "that you have nothing better to do. Mrs. Mayne is always at home, and as I am always out of doors in' the morning you con have the house to yourselves and talk about gboBts to your hearts' content.' ' Oh, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house,' protested Mrs. Mayne. ' My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree.' Isola murmured some vague acknow ledgment of his civility. She was far too shy to have any idea of taking advan tage of his offer. To re-enter that house alone of her own accord would be im possible. By-aud-by, with her husband at ber side, she would be bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality ! 'that lostwithiel might be moved to offer. I He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to n lunehcon, or to a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would over; possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner patty an Bucliahouso. _ After this there came a''brief silence. Mrs. Hoy no stood straight and prim behind the tea table. Nothing would havoin-' duced her to sit in his lordship's presence, albeit she had handled him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and fine flannel which com posed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited' s'ome forgetfulness of caste distinctions. i; Mrs. Mayne fully understood that She was wanted there to set the stranger at her case, and she performed her mission.; but even her presence could not relieve Isola's shyness. She felt like a biril caught in a net, or flattering in the grasp • of some strong but kindly. hand. She. sat listening for carriage wheels, and; only hearing the dull 'thumping of her own sacred heart. And yet ;he was so kind, and yet he so fully -realised her idea of high-bred gentleness, that she need -hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She •stole a glance at him as he stood by the chimney-piece, in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at the burning logs-on'tlie ■massive old andirons. The firelight shining on a faoe above it will often give ■a Binister lcok to the openest countenance; anfl to-night lostwithiel's long, narrow face, darfcdeep- set-eyos and pointed beard hadisome'touch of the -diabolical in that Ted and -uncertain -glow; an effect that was hut instantaneous, for as the light changed the loot passed, and she saw him as he really was, with his pale and somewhat sunken cheeks, and eyes darkly ■grave, of 'exceeding gentleness. ' Have you lived long at the Angler's Hcst, Mrs. Disney ?' he asked, at last. 'IS'earlyn year and a half; ever since my marriage, with just one interval in the south of Prance, -before Martin went to India.1 'Then I.need not ask if you are j heartily sick of the place ?' ' Indeed, I should not be tired of the | cottage or the neighbourhood if my hus band woro at home. I nm only'tired of | solitude. He wants me sendfor his Bister —a girl who is just leaving -school—to keep me company; but I -detest school girls, and I would much rather be alone than endure a perpetual tete-a-teteof that kind.' ' You are wise beyond your years, Mrs. Disney. Avoid -the sister, by all means. Sho would ' bore you to death—a-scampering, exuberant girl, who would develop-hysteria after one 'month ■of TreSaseo'dulness. '{Te be Continued.) 