SPORTING. Several Adelaide turfites intend being pre sent at the Mount Gambier races, and the olub have obtained from tbe Railway Commis sioners the concession of excursion fares, and tickets will be issued on July 4. jLroTera 01 iiuo leasu ara nuniBcieci hue snou hations for tbe Hoyleton Coursing meeting close with the eeoretary on Friday night, 30cn instant. Mr. John Crozier left by the express for Melbourne on Tuesday, and we may hear ia a day or two that he has made a move in back ing his representatives in the Caulfield and Melbourne Caps. Mr. Barnettrs mare Quality, who was sent to Melbourne by steamer with Howie's horse* on -Saturday, has arrived at Flemington. Young Home, who rode the winner in the Steeplechase at Caul&eld; on Saturday, returns to Adelaide to take charge of Salient. Mr. W. Gordon nag had another slice of bad luck in the death of Astronomie. This filly was only thrown out of work a few dfeya ago prior to being sent to Morambro f or a, long spell, and being somewhat fresh reared in her box On Wednesday morning jost as her feed was being brought to her and fell over, break ing her neak. Astronomie, a bay filly, 3 yre., by The Vagabond— Stella, was kept more to teach boys to ride than with the idea of win ning races, and Master Gordon had twice ridden her in public, although he is only 11 years old. Mr. a. v. xoung announces that tbe stakes won at the Port Adelaide June meeting will be payable at the eeoretary'a office at 3.30 p.m on Thursday. The issue of the weights for the Canlfield Cup and Melbourne Cup on Monday did not (says tb&Atvur;) lead *oa.nyetr»ipht-out wager ing on either event, an offer of £5,000 to ±.'250 on the field for the Melbourne Cup failing to bring about business. A fair number of double wagers were, however, booked at 1,000 to 2, Malolo being in most request for both events. Paris, Sainfoin, Newton, Gaillardia, Sword bearer, St. Albans EL. Marco, and Duorow were also picked for the Caulfield event, and Mai volio, Stemohaeer, Swordbearer, The Admiral, Bonds, Donizetti, and Vakeel for the Fleming ton race. At prices ranging from 1,000 to & to 1,000 to 10 Carnage, Light Artillery, Pro jectile, Havoc, aad Patron were booked for the V.R.O. Derby in doubles with the Melbourne Gap candidates abovementioned. The V. B.C. Grand National events were not touched straight out, but for the Hurdle Rao© Merri gal, Tim Swiveller. and Satyr were coupled with Shylock, Tyro, Dondi, and Albert for the Steeplechase at prices ranging from 100 to 1 to 100 to 2. Much sympathy has been manifested in sporting oircles ovet the unfortunate accident that bef el Mr. C. Scott wnilst in charge of the Bnrwood boundB Ia*t Saturday. The patient is a brother to Mr. J. W. Scott, of the Fitzroy Baoing Club and Sherwood, and was well known as a fearless rider with the Melbourne hounds. On Tuesday morning (says the neraia) tax. u. aeon is reported eliirbtly better. He is still lying at the Royal Hotel, Surrey Hills, under the care of Dn. laddie and Iiempriere. Mr. M. B- Cranney, a bookmaker, who was injured last September when returning from Newcastle races through the train being de railed, sued the Railway Commissioners for damages. The amount was £3,000. When the case was part beard it was withdrawn, Mr. Cranney having agreed to a private settle ment. The adiourned meeting of jockeys took'plaoe at the Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke- street, on Monday nights, when a deputation, consisting of the following riders, was appointed to wait on the V.R.C. committee in reference to riding fees, viz. : — T. Corrigan, M. Burke, J. 8\. Edge, E. Power, W. Morrison, and C. Lewis. The scale of fees recommended by the committee appointed at a previous meeting received farther consideration, and it was de cided that the deputation should only aek for its adoption in regard to losing mounts, tbe meeting oonsiderint: that it was not advisable to ask the V.R.C. committee to alter its proposals as to winning mounts. The following are the suggestions in regard to feu whioh the deputation was requested to bring tinder the notice of the raoint; authorities :— On the Flat— Losing mount at Flemington or Canlfield, £3 : elsewhere, £2. Over Hurdles — Losing mount at Flemineton or Caulfield, £3 ; elsewhere, £3. Over Fences — Losing mount at Flemington or Caulfield, £10 ; elsewhere, £5. The idea of forming a jockeys' association was abandoned for the present. A resolution was carried to the effect that Mr. Clauds Weeton should be awarded an honorarium for hia eervioes in promoting the meetings held, but Mr. Weeton declined to accept anything. The V.R.C. committee met on Monday anernoon ana conauotea a van amount of business that came under notice. The ad journed hearing of J. E. Brewer's case, which related to Che alleged unfair or spiteful treat ment of a. certain steward at Moonee Valley, was discussed. After dne consideration of all Brewer had to eay and write, the committee decided 'That there was no justification whatever for the allegations made in Brewer's letter.' A London cablegram states that the well-known colt Meddler, by St. Gatien —Busybody, has been sold for £14,500. Meddler was this year greatly fancied for the Derby, whioh was iron by Isinglass. His nominations for the Derby and other events unfortunately beoavme void owing to the death of his owner, Mr. AhSngtrm Baird. The colt has apparently been sold by the trustees in deceased's estate. Meddler is a bay oolt by Ss. Gatien, who ran a dead heavti for the English Derby with Harvester in 1884, from the equally well-known mare Busybody, winner of the One Thousand Guineas in 1884 and of the Oaks the same year. ' lor. Abing ton' was also the owner of Busybody. Shying Horses are Near-sighted. — 'Why is it that enying in horses ebould be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,** said s- pro minent veterinary Burgeon. 'It most be because horsemen don's know what dee to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near-sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near siRhtednesa, and in nearly all oases found what I expected. And now, when I am asked to give points on buying horaes, I give thiB ?o um? ut hid nxiuisicw? — ubtst uuy a none chat is near-sighted. There axe, however two exceptions to this role. If tbe bone Is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about die eight. One horse can bo blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse ia to be used for riding to saddle be careful that be is cot neor-aiehted. for he will throw you sooner or later. The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple,' the aortreon continued. ' Ot sU «jih»i^1t the hone is the moat gentle and even timid. Hie sees a strange object, a&d; his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A pieca of white paper in the roadside at night u a ghost, and an old waggon in toe ditoh is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object she animal cools down at once. It ia supposed that it ia because the horse makes s. closer acquaintance with the object. That is true, but not in ton sense in which it is generally understood. The «'''! has not been able to eee it from a distance. He is near sighted.3' 