v HIGH AUD III. JiVKNTtosee A'lV/iniV ///. recently. 1 was very much interested In the piny, | uud when I went horns I, got out my English History and extracted a few facta about I him, | He wns a gentleman who, held the rather ' dnngarouK position of King of England a term or so during the fifteenth century, wiiu ' seemed to have an evor- pvestmt, irresietibio 1 desire to commit homicidii on ids entire cor is | of rolntive. 1 don't kuow of ; inure risky .position than that of r . relative of his; it , was n very iinlieitlUiy tiling I none of his relhtivov lived long, and Ihe life insurance companies nlwny charged " tlmm twico us much as tliey did any one olse, Occasionally he would run outof relatives, and then the good people of "Memo Eng land" who were wealthy, ov who hud done anything that might possibly have offended him. would gel- out in the country for a few weeks or over to Franco for their health: it was about tho healthiest thing tliey could do. I am very glad I did not live in tho fifteenth century. There was no telling when somebody would drop around with a guard of soldiers and invite you out to get a divorce from your head. There wns a great deal of variety about these murders... Sometimes they would get u(» a nice display of Ii rework? with tho victim, a nioe bonfire iorming the centre piece of tiie programme : occasionally they would turn . him upside down in u cask of wine, or pilch him aver the castle walls iuto the meat. Tiiey wore tho most ingenious people in ; tiis world for devising now ways of shuffling off the mortal coil — for other people. Tliey always wanted some one else to do the sluiHiing. Richard would lio awake all night some times, unit rig up aomo kind of a nice autumn-style homicide, und then he would . pick out a wealthy gentleman whoso estates would revert hack to tiie Crown, and try it on him. it made no difference whether the man hiui done anything or not— if there was im charge ugaiuot him he -would hunt up/, one. I rather liked the play, thout'li. It was written by a person named ShakcBpsare, so the programme said. Richard aid very lit: Iu during the piny except j»ive orders to the h.ilf-el pi'ved minion? in tin chest pro tectors and Sheet- iron pants, to go out and get up a funeral, and raako disconnected remarks in .li.xl tenth-century. English. There i? very little detail in tiie first two or three :n.is. iu Act I., Richard nominates himself for King, and then having nothing particular to do, he goes around tu the Towf.r and personally attends to a murder. In Act II. lie makes arrangements to many widow whoso husband lie had removed u few days previously. In Act Iff the Lord Mayor, accompanied by the l.'uuniy Cmnmiaaionera and the chief of police, and a miscellaneous assortment of lords, Ac., come round, and the Duke of Buckingham trlle him he has got to be King, whether be wants to be or not, and ho accepts the position, ancl says lie will try to liila England well— I suppose he did the best lie could. B e held the position of King . ior a couple of years .without any trouble, ami then a gentleman natnod Richmond, who at that time was in France for his health, took a notion that lie would like t) he King himself ; so he challenged Richard for rlis championship of the world, and the winner ro lake tiie gate money. This made .Richard mud, and he killed a few people who happened to be convenient —not beoausn they had-done anything, but because he tvaa inad and had to kill some body— and then he went, out and organiacd n little private delegation of English warriors, and started out to ecttle with Richmond. The curtain rises on Act VI, at this stage of tho game, und discovers Richard making ti few blank-verse remarks to his army. And lot tuc say right hero that that army was the most, impartial army I ever saw. They would servo Richard for an act or so and then they would desert to the enemy for uwhile itii.-l after thoy had got done serving on limb side they would come back to him again. Sometimes tliey would be English lords and sometimes they would be Norman noble?. When they were lords they wore their hat? tha other way and pulled up their tights — that was all tho change of cos tume thai tliey indulged in. As the army tiiey wera armed wibh double- barrelled battle-axes and Winchester repeat- halberd?. There were two of them. Richmond was dressed much better than the nrmv. He wore a spring stylo cut-away shirt of mail with ailveq-plated pants ; over the whole on tilt he wore a white overcoat with a buttonhole bouquet of onu rose embroidered on it. He made a few remarks en general sub ject?, called Richard a number of hard names und thon ho took his army and went away. Presently Richard came in with his army (which was the army previously mentioned), and It', pow-powed around awhile, and then .lie made hi? anldiertt un oration. He told them what a good King he had been, Rnd howwell lie hud always ruled England, and how ho wnuid hate to sea any one else step in ami spoil all the good work he had done, and be harsh and oruel te them and thoir children, and he told- them hew much he loved them, and how necessary it was for them to have some one to rule over them that uiniei'stoo'l them and loved them as well a? he did. "My noble followers," said he, "shall wo let this starveling foe, witli no ancestors and ready, inude armour, came over hare and claim m;/ throne ? Not much. Use the great and glorious privilege Heaven has granted you, and wide in and defend your country nnd your King, and when ysu have wiped the floor with these frog- eaters I'll raise the tariff and pay you your salary— if you are still alive. " This satisfied the army, and they went away, add Riclwrd tried to go to sleep ; but he ivne troubled with indigestion and bad dream?, nnd saw a whole lot of ghosts and things so he oonldn't sleep to do any good, but lay awake liking pp a now way to kil Richmond the next day after the battle. « By and bye they had a battle, and they divided up the army and had a real nice scrap among themselves till the stage manager chimed rhein oil' the stage with an uxe mi that Richard and Richmond could light, and then /Ac// had to fight too, and Richmond pulverised Richard, and the army all shook hands, and the' ourtain went down. CABBING HIS STORY. An American and u German wire speaking of the ingenuity of their respeotive country men. Hans Deutsche!- said : "Only the other day a former school- companion of mine invented a machine which eaves a great deal of trouble in the making of laueagea. We only require to pub the pig in at oue end, set the thing in motion, . and in a short time the sausages inline oiit ready,, smoked and all, at the other side."' " That is- certainly very good," the ' Yankee allowed ; " but a countryman of | mine has lately patented a maohine on the lop of which the sausages are deposited, and. in less time than it takes to relate, the i Iftele pig? run-out from underneath and bflamper off to the nearest olover-bod." Impecunious I.dv'er : " Be mine Amanda, and vou will be treated like an ungel." Maiden: " Yes, I sunnoseao. Nothing to eat und leas to wear, No, I rhank ,vou " , 1 Happiness grows at our owir firesides aqd 22S is a5»6$45 A VIUTTM OF ABSTRACTION. A moodv mun wnlked Into a cheap, but \vcll-pafcronl"cil restnuinnt the other- day, nii(V?at down at a table. He ordered two eggs, bcilci inriilimn, and thou sank into a reverie, from which lie was urouttod hy a waiter who Iwul iiot siisn him at (irat, laying " Ordered, sir ?" " Pickled lamb?' tongue? and a cup of lea,'' win' the reply of the forgelful cuoloiirer, nnd the second waiter hurried away. . Ho hud hardly gone when a third waiter, .headless of having boon forestalled, repented. tho question : "Ordered, sir?" " Beef and leans and a glass of milk," aiisworcd the thoughtful mail. A fourth waiter rcsi/octfully inquired what lie wonted bofore tiie- first order wns filled, aud he began with " A picco of.iuinco pio mid a " when a waiter with two egg? and a cup of coffee pushed tiio other aside, suyiug : "Oh, shut up. Here's what lie ordered." " No, it ain't, " said a servitor who carried .tongues and tea ; " this is what lie told me 'to get for him," ; " Out of tiie way !" cried a zealous waller, setting a plnte of l»ef und bcans-itnd a glues , of nfilk oil fcbe. table. "Thorn's what's the ,'geut asked for." The wuiLeis scowled ut each other, and tho customer frowned at the waiters. Then, realising the situation, ho ?aid, politely : " It is my fault. I'll lake them all." He ate one egg and drank the milk, leaving tiie other tilings untested, and, ns lie paid Ids bill he considerably puzzled tiie cashier by remarking, in K«opian stylo : By prying into the mysLcrie of henven, ;we overlook the common objects that arc under our feot." PENELOPE'S INU EN L'lTY. "Papa," said I'onelope, turning suddenly front the piano, with a pretty blush playing on hsr cheolts, "do you think I am too young to be e-e-engnged ?" " OF course I do," growled hor .fattier. " Now, who in the world bins put the idea of marriage into your head ? What's his name ?" "0I>, lie hasn't asked me yet, but— well you know." "Yes, I know all about it, and I'll warn him that he'll know about it if lie comes fooling around you any moro. Now, what do you want to think about sucli a thing as that for, Nellie? Haven't you the boat home in tho world ?" "Oh, yes, papa : hut it would be awfully nice to be engaged, I think." " How nice i" "Oh, nice to have a young man coming to see you every evening " "Humph ! I'd like to catch him coming to seo you every evening." "And it (voutd be nice to. have, a pretty diamond ring" " Haven't, you enough rings?" " Well, I haven't a solitaire." " Ben," said hei father, s«rb"t''y, " if-I any you n solitaire ring, will y./u promise faithfully to give up ail thoughts of' this young man " Yos, papa," she answered. " Very well, then j remember your pro mise. You shall have tho ring to-inorrow, although it's a snd piece of extravagance," groaned Acold gentleman, walking painfully outof the room. " Well, said Penelope to herself, as the sound uf iiis rotr noting,' footstep died .away, " I may nob be very smart, but I think that's the eneiest wa.v toget h diamond ring I've heard of yet. I must lull llio other girls," "GRACE'S CARD." At the Revolution of I6SS," one of. the Jamily of Grace, at Courts-town, in Ireland, traised and equipped a" regiment of footand- ',a troop of horse at Iiis own expense for the iservice of King Janice II., whom lie further . ssisted with plate and money, it is said, to . lie amount of fourteen thousand pound?. He was temptod with splendid promises- of royal favour to desert his master and join the MVinco m urrrige, ami a written proposal lo oaai ericct was aunt mm uy one oi ttie JDuke .of Scliomherg's omissarios. Indignant at the insulting proposal, the Baron «f 'Courts- town seized a cord that was lying near him, and wrote upon it: "Oo toll your master I .despise his offer, and tell him also that- honour and conauience are dearer to a. gentleman than all the wealth and tittes a prince tmn bestow." Tho card happened to be the "six of hearts," and to this day that card is known by the name " Grace's card " in the city of Kilkenny. 'The tale, is told in the " Memoirs of ths Grace Family " (1823). A REMARKABLE LANGUAGE. The language of the Basque provinces, containing over half a million of inhabitants has no connection with any other in 'tho world. The Mongol tongue has some' degree of analogy, as has that of an African fcl'ibfi. bufc in eAt»l» chkk fclift .4irmf9t(it.v is va»v \ ' "'V — "V slight. The great antiquity of the language is shown by the fact that all genaino Basque words meaning cutt ing Imve their roots iu woruH meaning stone or rocK. so i it 'least it .must date from the stone age, before the' use of metals was known. Auother peculiar ity is that the letter r is not fotitid to-begin any true Eskuara word, u» the Busqnes call their language. The difficulty of moxtoring it mav be imagined from a survey of its nouns. They have no distinction of gender, but use ufUxcs to express every phase or condition. The particular mood and tense of tiie sen tence, the person and number in both sub ject nnd object, are all expressed by afllxos. Tho French show their opinion of Ecknaro. in the proverb, " Tho devil lived eighb years in the Basque country before be learnt the language." At that rate surely it must Are the. work of a lifetime for an ordinary man to learn it. HOW SUE APPLIED HER LESSON. Sally (in the schoolroom) : "An adjec tive limiting a complementary infinitive agrees with the subject. The complemen tary infinitive in an accusative of direct object of limitation, while the infinitive of an intransitive verb is used as a comple ment of an impersonal expression." Teacher: "That is right, Bally, you have recited your whole grammar lesson very well indeed. Now if you- will only try to apply ib to your conversation." Sally : " Yes, ma'am s I will." Sally (on playground): "Hi, girls, did any of you ketoh on to Tilly Baxter's new style bangs ? Too la-do-dah for uuything, Tilly is. She'll find herself in the soup one of these days, if she don't trim her nag's hoolo. Tilly always was a kind of a ohump anyhow, , and— oh, shoot that belli Now we've got to go in and peg away on that grammar again ; I hate it, bub 'epose oue must learn to talk decent. Bet you ten to one I can beat you to the eohool-honse dadr I" ALACK-A-OAY i "Twos iu a breaoh of premise suW. The letters were all road, And here.ls what the opening words of each epistle eaid : "Dear ir. Smith," " Dear Friend," " Dear John," " My darling four-leaf clover," " My owneeb Jack," "Dear John," - "Dear Sir," then " Sir"— and all wae ever. She ; " And we »n have aowrhga after we are married. Geo&re;," He : " Oortainly Maud, dear, if your father is willing- — " She (interrupting) " Why of couroe he willbo. - ; I DE L'KOiTNG A THIEF. a 'cask of the application ef tho Indian oi'.lcul by. chewing riuo is t.liu? described : " A native official, who wm employed by t he Government for detecting thieves by the rich (vrffeal, wns called in te conduct the it vtiess. , « "Tha loser of the watch waa one of four young Englishmen who occupied a house togetlior. " Ail the servant? of the establishment, aomo forty odd in number, wore seated in two rows on the ground on alio of the long verandahs of the house. . " A small piece of green plaintain-leaf was first placed in each man'sdinnds. "The thief-dot.octor then wontrotind with a howl of pounded rice, like Hour, und with u wooden ?(>oon poured n quantity into the open mouth of each servant. The order was given that each man was, within five minutes, lo chew tiie rice-flour to a pasty mass, and eject ib on his plantain-leaf. "Most of the men set to work with a will, though a few werei rather frightoucd at first; but long before the live minutes had elapsed almost everyone had got through with the operation, nnd held the evidence of his innocence in hi?/ hands. But why nre so many cyw turned toward ono mini, who sits back us if anxious to avoid observation 7 " We also look, nnd there i.« tho favourite servant of the losor of tiie watch, with hi? face almost convulsed, and trying in vain to get the rice-flour out uf hi? mouth. His lips :i ro dry, and hi (bind refuse to pvodueo tiie saliva which is needed to moisten tho rice-flour. " At last. .the detector's oyes glare upon liini, mid pointing at him with Ilia long, bony linger, ho says solemnly :. 'Xliore is the thief'.' The victim quail and gravels on (ho floor before him ; lio faintly appeals to Ills master for forgiveness, imd promises Iiiui. lie tt-lll restore the. watch. "Tho convicted thief slowly rises, and requesting Iiis master to follow liini, goes to the well in the gnrilen, und produces the gold watch from ninler a loose brick. " This operation savours of mugic, but it lins a psycho-physiological axplnnntion. It is one of the instance? of the Jnfluence of mind over body ; the anxiety of tlm culprit evidently arresting tho flow from tho sali vary glutida." SI'ECS. AND EYEGLASSES/ — Ik Spain, during tiie seventeenth century, tiie wearing of spectacles by both sexes was a mark of social eminence. Although they wore not necessary, many kept them on while eating or attending public functions, such as theatres, concerted and bull fights, «o that the wearers might command rcspoct from those of the lower orders with whom tliey might ho compelled to oorne in coutact. A story i:< told ofa young monk who, Jiaving accomplished some difficult task, wns pro mised by the prior imy 'favour which it war in Iiis power to grant. He gravely replied tiial he lmd long yearned to be permitted to wear spjctucles. This request evidently gratified hia superior, who, with an iii r oi satisfied pride, said to the young monk, "Brother, TOt on spectacles. The, con- - casti oir.filleaith n recipient witbmich joy." that; die forthwith fell on his knees, and, kissing': .thehuud of tiie prior, earnestly expressed' hi? gratitude for ko groat an liononr. It i raid Ihut whon tlie iVicoroy of Naples, Llie M unjoin d'Aslorgaeiiwasiisvinghistiust- sculptured in marbleTio-was inosfccarafuI' to have Iii? largest and' bast spectacles -put -in, i as lie though tit would not do .Jiitn -justice t( 1 those nwesaary iqipendagea.ofnob'rFify'were omitted. The aire of the spectacles' was also a. matter of important, consideration, just as- carriages and moireervantsarcnownduys. .Aaajraana-' fortune increased so did- tho Hizoofibis spec-' tucliw. And'the Countess- d'AuIuoy . assures-: ns that as men rose in political and' social; rank the spectacles, too), rose bigberesuid< higher on'tlicir noses. She «leo: staten, from personal observation, (that'- tome of-i those . wom by the'graiidbes" were aa -larga'as"her; head. . The English eaoghh this qnaiiuti'and, (ridiculous- ouslom frqur-fSpxin, but natoto appen r slav isltl y dmitativwdhey adopteciithe£ eyeglass, In Germany .. the ' habit- ef(w«awg>8J»eo-i ,taolc»:Jirsl5.bcgttr/:,iir.affectai;ion:,:cpnBcqu«it,i dt luay- ireaaoddbly'-Aie presumed, ony the) intercourse .which , .masted, .belcveenr.-lhati country and Spi«in-- iinder-'C8wrfeR»Y.' By! degrees this affectation', following. tire b!iftoi.y) of natural '..evolutiuu, beoaios-a necessity,! and now ib'is.ulmcreiwun'olirigatocy 'Uadgei: of scholarslup umong.rail- tlioae .wliattSpirei to tbo distinction ' of being considered a; eavstitiu Germany. 'NAPOLEON AND THB LETTER M-i Bora Napoleon I. and Nupoeon.:2n.''i n mftak'i>?inftw>ti|ivft>it4twrw4/hA<?A:y< the lotter.M. . IaTbceuf':waa thoifiratoicaB. attentioo,Iovtiie/geoinsa>fjyoanglBVmqiarte( -at -the nriCtaiy'' cdltge. MareogquBBi Nnpoieon's firidgreatiiqalcJHirjt- : 'Afe'las:\«as| ;.tUe:iiameef.tho''etniEa!boro..iie''.K)iperseded! -in' Ihtt- cproansndkHihrentibanoy in. Italy,., . Morti-wname-of fiisybetj'gfimiriilii. Itwaa, Moroau' vdio'bettreff ihini. Moratiiking, of i ; Naples, wotothe first' ' iiBtt4yr ');td.ii&<3uae.< Marie7Inuiae'ehareddlW'!cu2mifiatuqphtot'.' oPKieocoew. ' M<wcowWthr5»aamoipIiJs\ greidein'dieQi'tar,aud/ic,wa/r51attcit>ich:.TCho7 defeated' bEtn-ln thcfiridf- diiilotaaci!.: Ntf lees.OiRn six'of .Itis.diola mimhals-anrfi tweiity-six. ol ;his!haatgeneralo . liad.rmmea' 'beginning.- with Mi;- and Moxejfr Duko ofi fBoasonq, nas ' his: monfc .tnisted.' .eoufldanL 'His veryiflret baiwb wasifhtff «filloulnott«v.. and.iii9last Mux, oi llohE'BainfcJc'Vi>,,/aihKe-- quenfly end ." mors- .nnfeerx'J!y, .?rncr.'e ,'.ev: '.Watertso. : ,.AmougyJuc viotcuic.v;cre';tlBo,; led . Miileeitrm, ll'oudori, MontmireiL' 'Monterrau, and Moutmartre. His firat. chamberlain waa" M. de Moiitejqiiieu.vhu. .last- residence 'in France-woeafc Malmatcmu' He stn rendered himsBtfitoiGtvpto.m MruItiuil, -of his 'British Majostjda-iuhip. Balleropizon, and Iris, pttendnnts atil'Sk'-'iHelendi.rware-' 'Mentholon-wicbMnrehand. t The 'supersfcitaon ..sttaciiedl/by '.'NcpoJeon )IU. 'to'theeame toktoi-nray haieixountbd'JEor . by theifaot that huowife vzaqta-'Caantezs-of'' hlontijo, that' his- mostiintinlale Jfrimxd was, Duko of Morny, and 'bismout- droadodienezoy' Mauri ni. The -inost glorior-s feats .ofianns- by the French army- ' duzinrj his xcigiv were- tho capturo of tho Malnkotinand'-cLthacira.' Mnmolon during, tho Cranean War. ffiu mo?b< famous field marshals v/GrctMoaBiIalion Dubeiof Magenta, and llit DuIcoof Malakoff. The great victory of-'Solfezino,, in 18551,. took, place on the bardc&of; the- Minoio,:und tho-. citiw of Mantua and Milan played-an.'impor- taxitrdle during the campaign. The> Mexi can War and tho oxecution of-llvo Emperor Maximilian caused his power to .wane per ceptibly. Malmeshury wan tlio iiimivof 'Hioi most intimate friend in EngliebpoIiticaHife. Sedan, which witnessed his fall, L oathe banks of tho Meuse. The narzenderoFMete rendered hte restoration to powerimpoiisihlo, and Moltke was the noaio of the man -to whose genius he chiefiy ewed his defeat. HE FF/LT STRONGER. A Aiddlb-aobd man, whose coat bad seen- other, if not better, dayo, rushed breathlessly into a pnblio-bouse the other day and said, " Woman over at oil- shop— just get letter — husband dead — fainted away — give mo quartern best brandy — qnick ! The publican gave it to hiia in a tamblor, and the man, taking u few steps from the bar, drank it off at a gulp. " Ah," Ue uaid, "I feel better now — stronger — braver. I never could bear to aeo human misery." And he went out, piously robbing bis vest at the lower button, Baying, " I feel stronger—braver now." A cool-dealer lays away treasures in keaven, when he gees out ef bis weigh to oblige a poor widow. The man who in looking for something to do rarely finds anything, hub if he is willing to .do uuxtlwiBxMft.. jtafy /rfifld wiwfr - STONK GROSSES. _ : Si on d crosses are fir.-.t mentionoji A«u. 853, and afterwards became common? They ' owed tlicir u.-.'gin to marking the Dntidicoi' stones wilh crosses, in order to change tho \ worshiji witlioub b leaking the prejudice.', ' Mnqy, presuinod to be Rbnic, belonged to' civilised Britons. Bo:no svoro erected by Christian kings before » battle or a great'.. ' cntcipriso, with pruyura and supplications ' for the ussistunnu of tlio Almighty, whittikor thinks thnt riossei with croU-work were antecedent to (lin GonqnasL Preaching crowns— smcli us tho Bluciifriars, in Here ford, wore of hexagonal sliupci, upon on each side, and i n i-ti!(l on stops. In the centre was a kind of table of l, lie sume shape, supportinc the shaft, wliioh, branching out in ramified1 tions, tonus tlie rout ; and passing through, ib appear ubuve in a nnitilutcd statu. The top of tlio pulpit wo embossed, and round the cross were pentices for tlio congregation similar to those at lit, Paul's Cross in London. Market Crosses : — These .were designed to check a worldly spirit, mid intended to inculcate upright inten tions und f«irue?? of dealing. Peasants resorted to them to vond provisions, par ticularly but tor, hence tliey are frequently - spoken of in tlie neighbourhood of Oxford na Butter Crosses. Weeping Crosses So called from penance being performed or finished there. Street Crosses Here ser mons wore preached, Royal proclamations made, laws published, ana sometimes male-, factors hanged. The corpse, in conveyance to church, was net down there, that all might pray foe the soul of the deceased. Mendi cants stood there asking alms for Christ's sake. Memorial Grosses : — To mark whore the bier of ati eminent person rested, in attestation of a miracle performed, .or to commemorate battles, murders, or fatal events. Crosses for landmarks : — Kings and lords set them up ss tokens of dominion patid tliey wore especial landmark? of the Tmnpinrs and Hospitalers. Tho form being used thnt no mun should roinove tbom. ior conscience' sake. Crosses of Small Stones : — Used where a person hud been killod.' One lias recently been out upon a tree, .beneath which n, corpse was found, at Lea? field, near Witney, Oxen. CHINESE COUNTERFEIT COIN. All .the Tarter princes aro pensioned Uy. tlie Emperor of Cliinn. The sum allotted te them is a small matter, but ib effects a cou> siderablo political result. Tlie Tartar princes, in receiving their pay, consider .-.themselves the slaves, or, at least, the ser vants, of him who pays them, and concede to the Emperor iu consequence the right of requiring their submission and obodioucc. Ono (wrbieiilnryear, when China was at war with England, nil the tributary princes received their ponsiona iq ingots of copper silver-plated. All found ib out at once, but worn fain to keep it silence, afraid to make (public an affair that -might result in a catas trophe, comprising not only the highest .dignitaries ut t lie empire", bub the Tartar kiians themselves. As, in fact, the latter twore supposed to receive their moDoy from (the hands of tlio F.m purer himself, a com- plainti, would, in- : some sort, lsavo been to ,'olrargo't'ho " Son-of Heaven " with being a coiner. They' reoeived. accordingly, their copper ingots witli n-prostration,.and it was not until they returned into their own countrieo-thixt- they doctored, not, indeed, that they bod- been cheated, but that tbo itnandanus- charged' with distrifonbiog tbo money h»d'lbeen Hie dupes of the Pekin banker. IT WAS POSTPONED. In tlie .old dnellipg-days no man could Jivein lreland'.withoub "-burning powder." "A prominent Englishman located in tbak » lively country, bad been out nntil be was 'gebbittjbired'.of the "divaxsfon." Hfcroavor.'woold' . shoot at his antagonist however, antB hnd Tuokily escaped beisy seriously 'hit hiuisolf.' Finally lui wasicalledi oub by a tome man, andrwent, -of coarse. The duelling ground flay beside tho pa1>lic road, where a largo jmile-postr fcoldldiwdistance to Dublin. ' Tho-mon-witliBtke'game leg drewthe stand jnexsito the. posb aud naked as a favour that ihe-'tbe i niiowod to, lean against it when ho shot. This'-was granted by his polite 'antaeoniat.and the.principale were ordered twhe thefv positions, .when the other ono amid:; "Gentlennen, Aihove gnuited the rqaesb iof'-my.ahtagontsfi'lo-.lenn against tliat mile jpoet' WhiJe.hehot, and. now I have a favour :toap.k. WonfJ tlie geutieman object to my Geaningaainst 4ilio'nextpo3t7" Thds-'Wit. pat-all the lively Irishmen into (suetoa.'boret- of, -merriment thafethe figlit was ;'inBneldi«teiypoetponed,.and the tome man fituj/uniavar-ti/taiiAo iiaiida wiui thu lima JSnjrehmanphe' said, wbo-had ever mad Sbimifsngb. A DARING,. RIDER, Ov. the;fbxhantorto.'uttar;indifibrence te jthe. peiil ' of. lifo und, limb wbeo engaged in j i ivf aveuribo report, tbeXollowingis a good anecdotea — Birring; a h<mfi,.an enthusiostio irldor camc.suddenly-apon a fivo orch bridge junitor"ropaire;)Tomr :of:iho. :erches were only, ipartwdTyjHrziahniL-M/hflwtbo'pliMje where tho t cc u tctr.one'vus - to, be- wascaii t icely leffcopen. ,ond . eoine':fonrrbeen:feeb-below t he-river was jxuiming rnpidly . To - tbo horror of soana. ,£» who -"weBO il>. work,.. the gentleman roda, .-p.tor'tlie'.TmTdieX'.tliat- gunrdod the approach! ;to tho.badgii,. thcn,<;ave.-hia more hor head.1 Slre/Iclt'eautioiKily ior a sure footing amidt jnmpad t.o tho"top oLtberfirsfc arch, tiieraoai :U\o ficcoud,.;x«R»e<iia.Tnotaent-an thoteinkofi tliocojitre, .ii8rif-to jirea3uir«> tho exact width. )of tho chxsm;Theii!;roBe coolly, cleaned TLah :s!tonnd,-cleariihe.,.twoTemninhqg- andwa -aoil the hurdles -loniihoiotherrsiiie, jnr,. their Turmas-wcll., :NO:CHiiNrCE:EOR''BOJRJGLARSAIP!THfl ' 'J ANKi 0F: ENGLAND. : TjiianVofiJiMglaniBs. doors 'arezrnowr.sa 'finelyr-ibatonooff::thafc.ru:clcrk, bypcesringita ,Lnoi>' uodorvIHsivdeskj/ca.-ciosei theeotac - tIo(miftinstcurtiya(idf-.1Iu)yiCBnnot bft'openedf ' .again /oicopt-- by j specia! -. process. TbiSvi edD!io"3.'1prcvoub..tlia:4ariiig1 and- ingenioos '.prcdatoiy- classoa : of;' tho- -great MiiteopaBi jfronx rohbtng tlM: famous instifintion. TboibuUion tto par tn:rnti:of- this and-otber great banking eotabliuhments are nightly uuhmcrged -in several fcob of water-by the action of maciiiociry. In-somo-of the London ;bank.e tlio buliionriopartmsntsare- COTjnected J with tlio managers' slooping-rooms, and an pcntrance caunot- bo offecterl witiiout setting .olfian-olomx near the peraon's head. ff-tL dishoneHt oflicial, during-dayor nifht > should take bat one from, a boap of "ono (thousand sovereigns, the wholo pile would f unmedfatoly smk, and a pool of water take its place, besides letting- evoiy person itrths fC3tablishmentiknow- of tliostbefb. THIS IS TOO MOCEL A lady inLoncasbire has a-wonderfoLcad named Dick, well known Ior Its eag&cityit; SbeJtas-been in-the habit - ofi taking cntmliit from the table and shaking them on tho ground outside, so that tbo birdscould-feast therefrom. Tho oat, meanwhilo, vroidH ambush itself, and, at the opportune moment, pounce upon tho bird and secure a sHason- oblo meal. The good lady tried to break the cat of the habit, but her efforts wero-of no avail, Sho theu resorted to othcr meirDe. but with no succoss. At last sho diecoa- tinaod tlio practice of throwing onttbs crumbs for tho birds. Tho cat, eaaag that its daily meal was not forthcoming, entered the houoo, purloined n pseco of bread from tho table, scattered it over thegmnnd at the acousteinod lesdang place, mtd awaited results behind , a tree. Soon the ,thO / . V 