LADIES' COLUMN. [ALI. HlfillTS RESERVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." Uv M. E. UHADDON. Author of " Lady Audley'«Secret," "Vixen," "iBhmucl," "Uko mid Unlike," "The Eutul Three.-' &c.; t'llAITKK III. " A nfâilly sik'licp step hy sti'|> iiim-iisi'd, I int il it'si-finiHt u lu)iri(i hivtseiicc tlicrc Tliat idea of ihe.StrniiEwaysbad taken hold of the bride's fancy. Sha went into thu hull with Godfrey after dinner, and they looked toeethcr ut tlie family gruup. Thc picture wus a Inswaps Imli lcn^tli turnee, lengthwise, muí llie ligures showell only thc hcutl und shoulders. The girl stood between thc two boys, her left uriu round her j'ounger brother « neck. Ile wus a hui of eleven or twelve, in un Eton jucket und broad white collar. The other boy was older than the girl, and was dressed in duri; m'eon corduroy. The heads Were masterly, lim the picture was uninlcrcsl mg. I " Did you ever sec three faces with so little fascination uuiouglhc three?" uskedGodfrey ; " the boys look arrant cubs ; tile girl has thu makings of a handsome uuinun, hut the hues of her mouth and chin have firmness enough for forty, ur.d yet she could hardly be over fifteen when thal picture wus painted.1' "She has u lovely throat and lovely shoul- ders." " Ves, thc painter has made thc most of t hose. " "And she hus line eyes." " Tine IIB to colour and shape, but as cold ¡is a Toledo blade-and as dangerous. 1 pity her husband." " That must be u waste of pity. If he had been good to her she would not have run away fron him." "I am not sure of that. A woman with that inuttth and chin would go her own gait if site trampled upon bleeding hearts. I wonder your father keeps these slmdows of a vanished race." "He would not part willi thuin for worlds. They are like thc peacocks' feathers that bc inti bring indoors. 1 sometimes think he has a fancy for unlucky tilings. He says that as we have no unccstors of our own-to speak of -I suppose wc must hair ancestors, for everybody must have come down from Adam somehow. " " Naturally, or from Adam's auccstor, the common progenitor of thc Darwinian thesis." " Don't bu horrid. Father's idea is that as wc have no ancestors of our own, wc may as well keep thc Strangway portraits. The faces arc thc history of thc house, father said, when mother wanted those dismal oil pictures taken down to make was for a collection of modern art. So there they nrc, and I can't help thinking that they overlook us." They ure still standing before the trio of young faces contemplatively. " Arc they all dead !" asked Juanita, after a pause. "God knows. I believe it is a long time since any of them were heard of. Jasper talks to mc about rhein sometimes. He was in Bcrvicc herc, you know, before he became my father's baliff. In fact, he only left Cheriton after thc old squire's death. He is fond of talking of the forgotten race, and it is from bim that most of my information is derived. He told mc about that unlucky lad," pointing to the youugcr boy. " He was in the navy, distinguished himself out in China, and was on thc high road to getting a ship when he got broke for drunkenness-a flagrant case, which all but ended in a tremendous disaster and thc burning of the man-of-war. He went into thc merchant service-did well for a year or two, and then the old enemy took hold nf him again, and he got broke Onere. After that he dropped through-disappeared in thc great dismal swamp where the men who fail in this world sink out of knowledge." " And thc elder boy ; what became of lils ?" " He was in thc army-a tremendous swell, I believe, married Lord Dangerfield's youngest daughter, and cut a dash for two or three years, and then disappeared from society, and took his wife to Corsica on thc ground of delicate health. For anything I know lo thc contrary they may still bo living in that free and- easy little island. He was fond of sport, and liked u rough life. I fancy that Ajaccio would suit him bf tter than Purbeck or Pall Mall." "Poor thing; t wonder if they overlong for Cheriton ?" " If old Juspcr is to be believed, they were passionately fond of the place, especially that girl. "Jasper was groom in those days, and he taught her to ride. Site WUK a regular dare-devil, according to his account, with a temper that no one had ever been able to control. Hut she seems to have behaved Îiretty well to Jasper, and he was attached to icr. Her father couldn't manage her anyhow. They were too much ulike. He sent her to a school ut LaitBaiiue soon after that picture WUB painted^ and she never came back to Cheriton. She ran aTtvy with an English officer who was home from India on furlough, and was staying at Ouchy for his health. She represented herself as of full age, and contrived to get married at Geneva. Thc squire refused ever to see her or her husband. She run away from thc husband afterwards, us I told you. In fact, to quote Jasper, she was an incorrigible bolter. " " Pour, poor thing. Il is all too sad," sighod Juunitu. " Let usgo into the library and forget them. There aro no Strangways there, thauk Heaven." She put her urm throne,!) Godfrey's and lcd bim cir unresisting. He was in that stage of devotion in which he followed her like a dog. Thc library was one of thc best rooms iu the house, but Ihc least interesting from au arcliieologist's point of view, lt had been buill early in llie eighteenth century for a ballroom, a long narrow room, with five tall windows, and it hod been afterwards kuowu as the music room ; but James Dalbrook had improved it out of its original charocior by lliruwiug out a large buy, with three windows opening cu to a semicircular terrace, willi marble balustrade and steps leading down to the prettiest portion of that Italian garden which was thc crowning glory of Cheriton Manor, and which it hud been Lord Cheriton's delight to improve. Thc spacious buy gave width and dignity to the room, und it was in thc space between thu buy and thc wide fire- place thal peuple naturally grouped them- selves. lt wus too large a room to bc warmed by one fire of ordinary dimensions, but thc fireplace lidded by Dalbrook was of abnormal width and grandeur, while thc chimney-piece nus rich in colouied marbles and splendid Bcnlplurc. The room was lined with books from Door to ceiling. Clusters of wax candles were buming ou thc mantelpiece, aud Ino ¡ large moderator lumps stood on a massive curved ouk tublc in the centre of thc room on a lubie spacious enough to hold ell the maga ziucs, reviews, mid periodicals in three languages, thal were worth reading -Quar- terly, " llevue des Deux Mondes," " Ruud ¡ shan," "Figuro." "World," " Saturday," " Truth," and the rest of them as well us guide books, peerages, clergy and urmy lists -which made a formidable range in the middle. Godfrey flung himself into u luxurious chair, and Juunitu perched .herself lightly besides him on thc cushioned urm, looking down ut him from that point of vantage, 'l here wus ii unod fire here as well as in the hall ; hui thc ruin was over now, thc evening bud grown wanner, and (lie French windows in the bay stood open to thc dull, grey night.. "What aro you reading now, Godfrey?" asked Jii.-milu, clunciue nt thc cosy double table in n corner by tbecliinitiey-picce, loaded with books ubovc and below. "For duty reading Jones' book on Giai'.,i:i and the Irish Parliament ; for old hooks Pluto ; for new Wider Horizons," He was an insatiable reader, and even iu those lout; sumiller days of honeymoon tulk he had felt the need of books, which were a habit of his life, "Is WiJcr lïorii-.ons u good book ?" I " It ia full of imagination, and it carries one away : but one ha*, thc same feeling as in Esoteric Buddhism. It is a very comforting theory, and it oughr to bc true ; but by what authority is this gospel preached to ns, and on what evidence are we to believe?" " Wider Horizons is about the lifo to come ?" " Ves ; it gives us a vivid picture of our existence in othcrplancls. Thc author writes us if he had been there." " And according to his theory you mid I are to meet and bc hippy again in some distant star ?" "In many stars-climbing from star toeUr, and achieving a higher spirituality, a liner essence, with every new existence, until we attain the everlasting perfection," "Ami we who are to die old and worn out hore arc to be young and bright again there in our next world ?" " Naturally." "And then we shall grow old again-go through thc same slow decay-grey hairs, fading sight, duller hairing?" "Ves; as we blossom 60 must we fade. The withered busk of the old life holds the seeds from which the new Mower must spring ; and with every incarnation thc flower is to gnin in vigour an.l beauly, and the life period is to lengthen lill it touches infinity.'' "I niufil read the book, liodfrey. lt maj' bc all u. dream : bu! i love even dreams that promise a future in which yon and I shall always bc loge'lier--as we are now, aa we are now." Sho repeated those last four words with infinite tenderness The beautiful head sank down to iies;le upon Ids shoulder, und tiley were silent for sonic uiiuulus in a dreamy reverie, gu/ine: into thc lire, where the logs hud giveu out their lust Hume, und slowly fading from red to grey. lt was a quarter to eleven by the diul let into the maible ol" the chimney- piece. Thc buller hud brough: a tray with wine and uuter ut ten o'clock, and had taken the final orders before retiring. Juanita and ber husband were » lone amid the stillness of the sleeping household. The night was close a d dull, not a leaf stirring, and only a few dim stare in thc heavy sky. As thc clock told the third quarter, with a stnill silvery chime, as it were a tow n clock in fuiry-lund, Juanita started suddenly from her half-rccliiiing position, und listened in tently, with her face towards the open window. "A footstep :'' she exclaimed. "I heard a footstep on thc terrace." " My deatfîsr, I know your hearing is quicker than mine ; but this time it is your fancy that heard and not your ears. I heard nothing. And w ho should be walking on the I erracc at Buch un hour, do y on suppose ?" "I don't suppose anything about it, but I know lhere w.is someone, i heard tbesteps Godfrey. I beard them distinctly as I heard you 6peuk just now, light - footsteps-slow, very slow, and with that caul ions, treacherous Bound which light, slow footsteps always have, if one hears them in the silence of night." " You arc very positive." " I know il, I heard it !" she cried running to the window, and out into thu grey night. She mu along the whole length of the terrace and backagain, her husband following lier, und they found no one, heard nothiug from one cud to thc other. " Vou see, love, '.here was no one there," said Godfrey. " I see nothing ol the kiud-only that the someone who was there has vanished very cleverly. An eavesdropper might hide cosily enough behind uuy one of those cypresses" she said, pointing to thc obelisk-shaped trees which showed black against thc dim grey of thc night. " \\\ hy should :.horc be any eavesdropper, love ? What secret have you and I that any prowler should watch or listen. The ouly person nf the prowling kind to be appre- hended would be a burglar ; and as Cheriton lias been burglar- free all these,years, I sec no reason for fear; so uuless your mysterious footfall belonged to one of the. servants or a servant's follower, which is highly improbable on this side of the. house, I tukc it that you must have heard a ghost." He had his ann around ber, and wus lead- ing lier out of the misty night into thc warm, bright room, und his voice had thc light sound of laughter ; but at that «ord ghost she slured and trembled, an-*', her voice was very serious as she answered, " A ghost, yes ! It was just (ute the footfall of a ghost-so slow, so soft, so mysterious. I believe it was u ghost, Godfrey-a Strungwuy ghost. Sonic of them mml visit this house. " CHUTER IV. " Who will dale To pluck thee a im mo ? And of thine own will, Kuli well I feel thou wouldst not leave nie." Thc sunshine of a summer morning, stream- ing in through mullioned windows thal looked due south, raised Juanita's spirits und dis- persed her fours. It was impossible to feel depressed under such a sky. She bsd been wakeful for a considerable part of thc night, brooding upon that ghostly footstep which had sent such a sudden chill to her warm young heart, hut that broad clear light of morning brought ooinmon sense, " I daicsay it wus ouly some love-sick housemaid, roaming about after all the otlieis had gone lo bed, in order to have a quiet think about ncr sweetheart, and what he said lo her lust Sunday os they went home from church. I kuow how I used to walk about with no company but my thought« of you, Godfrey, and how sweet it used to bu to go over all your dearest words- over and over again-and no doubt the heart of a housemaid is worked by just thc same machinery that set minc going-and her thoughts would follow the same track." " That is what we are taught to believe, dearest, in this enlightened agc. " "Why should it be a ghost?" pursued J nanita, leaning back in her bamboo chair, and lazily enjoying the eummer morning, somewhat languid after a sleepless night. They were breakfasting ut the western end of thc terrace, with un awning over their beads, and a couple of footmen travelling to and from thc house in attendance upon them, aud keeping respectfully out of earshot be- tween whiles. The table was heaped with roses, and the waxen chalices of a great mag- nolia on thc lower level showed above thc marble balustrade, and shed au almost over, powering perfume on thc warm air. "Why should a ghost come now?" she asked, harping upon her morbid fancies. " There has never been u hint of a ghost in all tlie years tint father und mother have lived here. Why should one come now, unless-" " Unless what, love 5" " Unless one of the Strangways died lust night-at thc very moment when wc heurd the footfall-died in some distant lund, per- haps, and with bis lust dying thought visited the plucc of bis birth. One has heard of such things." "Une has heard of a great many strange things. The human imagination is very in- ventive." " Ah, you are a sceptic. I know. I don't think I actually believe in ghosts- hut I'm afraid of being forced tn believe in them. Oh, Godfrey, il it were meant for a warning !" she cried, with sudden terror in the large dark eyes. *' What kind of warning " A presage oí misfortune-sickness-death. I huve read so luuny stories of such wurnings." " My dearest love, you have read too much rubbish iu that line. Your mind is full of morbid fancies. If the morning were not too warm, I should say put on your habit and let us go for a long ride. 1 um afraid Ibis sauntering life of oitrn is loo depressing for you." " Depressing-tu bc willi you ul) day ! Ob, Godfrey, you must lie tired of ie.' if you can Mlî.'£i'st sU'.di a I fi fuir. " i "lim, my Nita, when 1 sec you giving yourself up to ednoiny speculations about ghosts aud onions "Ob, that means nulling. When ono bas a very precious :re.LSiir^ one IIIUBI needs be full of fears. Look at misers, how nervous they arc abott', their hidden gold. And my treasure is moro to mc than all thc gold i Ophir-infinitely precious." She sprang up from her low chair, an leaned over thc back of his to kiss thc broa brow which was lifted up to meet those-clinj ing lips. "Oh, my love, my love, I noverknew whu fear muant till Ikncw thc fear of parting froi you," she replied. " Put on your habit, Nita. We will go fe a ride iu spite of thc sun. Or what do yo say to driving lo Dot ches tel-, and stormie your cousins for a lunch ? 1 waul to talk t Mr. Dalbrook about Skinnor's bill of dilapida lions." Her mood changed in an instant. "That would be capital fun," she criod ' ' I wonder if it is a breach of etiquette to luncl with one's cousins during one's honeymoon?1 " A fig for etiquette. Thomas, order tin phaeton for half-past eleven." "What a happy idea," said Juanita, "i long, lang drive with you, and then the fun o seeing how you get on with my strong-miudec cousins. They pretend to despise everything that other girls care far, don't you kuow and go in for literature, science, politic« everything intellectual, in short-and I havi seen the.II sit and nurse Darwin or Buckle foi a whole evening, while they have Lathed ol gowns and bonnets and other girls' flirta, tions." "Then they ure not such Bonum maiden! us they utl^et to he?' "Far from it. They will tike thc pattern of my frock with their eyes before I have been in the room ten minutes. Just wulch them." " 1 will ; if 1 can keep my eyes off you." Juanita ran away to change "her white pcig. noir for a walking dress, und reappeared in half an hour radiant and ready for thc drive. " How do you like my frock ?" she asked, posing herself iii front of her husband, and challenging admiration. Tile frock was of old Indian silk, soft and dull, made with exquisite simplicity of long flowing draperies, above a kilted petticoat, which just showed the licit little tan shoes, and a glimpse of tau silk stockings. Thc bodice titted the tall supple figure like a glove ; thc uleevus were loose aud short, tied care- lessly at thc elbow with a broad satin ribbon, and thc long Suede glovcB matched the gown to thc nicest shade. Her hat was Leghorn, broad enough to simile her eyes from thc sun, high enough to add to her importance, awl caught upon one side willi a bunch of dull yellow barley and a few cornflowers, whose vivid hue «ms repeated ina cluster of the sumo Howers embroidered ou one side of thc bodice. Her large sunshade was of the same silk as ber gown, and that was ulso em- broidered with cornflowers, a stray blosjon flung here and there with an accidental air. "My love, you look us if you had stepped out of a fashion book. " I suppose I am too smart," suid Juanita with an impatient sich ; " and yet my colour- ing is very subdued. There is only that touch of blue in thc cornflowers-just thc one high light in thc picture. Thai is the one drawback to country life. Everything ically pretty seems too smart for dusly roads and green luuus. One must bc content to grope one's obscure woy in a tailor gown or a cotton frock nil thc year round. Now this would bc perfection for a Wednesday iu Hyde Park, wouldn't it ?" " My darling, it is charming. Why should you not be prettily dressed under this blue summer sky ? You can sport your tailor gownB in »Vinter. You arc not a whit too smart for nie, Nita. You arc only loo lovely. Bring your dust cloak, and you inuy defy the perils of thc road." Celestine, Lady Carmichael's French-Swiss maid, was in attendance willi thc dust cloak, un ample wrap of ecru silk and lace, cloud- like, indescribable. This muffled tho pretty gown from top to toe, and Kita took her seat in the phaeton, mid prepared for a longer drive and a longer talk than they had hud yesterday. She was pleased at the idea of showing off her hundi-oinc young husband and her new frock lo thoseadvunced young ladies, who had affected a kind of superiority on the ground of what she called " heavy reading, and what they called advanced views. Janet and Sophia hud ueeepted Lady Cheriton's invita- tions with inward protest, aud in their appre- hension of being patronised had been somewhat incline I to give themselves airs taking pains to impress upon their cousin that she was as empty-headed as she was beautiful, aud that they inhabited an intellectual plane for which she had no scaling ladder. She hud put up with Bindi small snubbings in the sweetest way, knowing all thc time that UB the Honor- able Juanita Dalbrook, of Cheriton Chose, and one of thc debutantes whose praises had been sung in all the society papers, she in- habited a social plane as far beyond their reach a<t their intellectual plane might bc above hers. "Idon't suppose wu shall see Theodore," suid Juanita, us the bays bowled merrily ulong the level road. The grey« were getting a rest after yesterday's work, and these were Lady Cheriton's famous barouche horses, to whom thc phaeton seemed as a toy. "He must, have goue to Heidelberg before noiv." " He must bc fond of Heidelberg to be running olf there when it is so jolly at home." " He was there for u year, you kuow, before he went to Cambridge, and he is always going hack there or to the Hartz for his holidays. I sometimes tell him he is half a German." She rather hoped that Theodore was in Gcrniiiny by (his time ; and yet shu hud as- j sured herself in her own mind that there could bc no pain to him iu their meeting. She knew that he had loved her-that in one rash hour, after a year's absence in America, when lie had not known, or had chosen to forget, thc state of affairs between her and Godfrey, he hud told her of his love, und had asked ber to give him hope. Il was before her engagement , but she was not the less frank in confessing her attachment to Godfrey. " I eun never care for anyone else," she said ; " I have loved him all my life." All her life ! Yes, that was Theodore's im- parable los?. While he, thc working man, had been grinding out his days iu the tread- mill round of a country solicitor's office, the j young patrician had been as free SB the butter- flies in Juanita's rose garden ; free to woo lier all day long, free to share her most trifling pleasures and sympathise with her lightest pains. What chance had thc junior I partner in Dalbrook und Son against Sir! Godfrey Carmichael of Starham Priory ? Theodore had managed his life so well after that one biller rebuff that Juanita had a right to suppose that his wound had heated, and that thc pain of that hour had been for- gotten. She was sincerely attached to him, as a kinsman, and respected him more than any other young man of her acquaintance. Had not Lord Clierirnn, that admirable judge of ch meter, declared that Theodore wus ouo of the cleverest men he knew, and only re- gretted that he had not attached himself to thc higher branch of thc luw, us the more likely in Iiis ouse to result in wealth and famo ? Tho phaeton drove up to the old Hanoverian doorway ns St. Peter's clock chimed thc quarter after one. Thc old man-servant looked surprised ut this brilliant vision of a beauti- ful girl, ii lille pair of horses, a smart grc.oni, and Sir Godfrey Curmiuliucl. '1 lie tout CH rtfinWe WAR idiuost bewildering even to a mun accustomed to bee thc various conveyances o: neighbouring latidowuers ut. bis master's door. " Yes, my lady, bnlh the. young ludies arc at home." suid Brown, und led llie way up- stairs willi unshaken dignity, Be bsd lived in thal housc-fivc-und-thirly years, beginning ns shoe-black und errand boy, and he was proud to hear his master tell his friends how fie had risen from thc ranks. He li ol mil.il^in in some mihi pbilundcriiigs willi pretty parlour-in-iids in llie days nf his youth, hut lind never seriously entangled him- self, and wus u confirmed bachelor, und some- thing of a misogynist. He was ii pattern of honesty und conscientiousness, having no wife und family to be maintained upon broken victuals und illuminated with filched cuudlc ciuls or stolen oil. He had not u single interest outside his master's house, hardly so muoh as a thought ; and tho glory and bono of " thc family ' were hi» honour and gloi So aa he ushered Lady Carmichael and li husband to tho drawing-room bo was mei tating upon whut additions to thc lundie he could suggest to cook which might rend that meal worthy of such distinguish guests. Sophia WUB seutcd by one of thc wiudoi painting an orchid in u tall Venetian vase, was a weakness with these clever girls think they could do everything. They wc not coulent with Darwin and thc new lear ing but they painted indifferently in oils at in water-colours, played on vuriouB instr monts, sang in three languages, und fan eb themselves invincible at lawn-tennis. The orchid was top-hcavyi anil had bet tumbling out oí thc vase every five ininuti in a manner that had been very trying to tl artiste's temper, and irritating to Janet, wi: was grappling with u volume of Johan Muller, in the original, and losing herself i a Ibbyi ¡iit.li of words beginning willi ver au ending with licit. They both started up from occupations i which both were tired, and welcomed thc visitors with a show of genuine pleasure ; fe although they had both been very determine in their resistance to anything like patronat, on Juanita's part, when she was Miss Dalbron they were glàd thal she should be prompt I recognize the claims of kiudred now that si, was Ludy Carmichael. " How good of you to come," exclaiiuc Janet, " 1 didn't think yon w ould l emembi na, at such a time." " Did you think I must forget old friend because I am happy :" said Juanita. " Bi I musn't l ke credit for other people's vii tues. It was Godfrey who proposen di ¡vin ovor to see you. " 411 wanted to show you what a nice coup] we make," said Sir Godfrey gaily, drawin his bride closer to him, as they stood side b side, tull and straight, ami glowing wit youth and gladness iu the middle of thegrat old drawing-room. " You young ladies wer not so cousinly ns your brother Theodorc Ko« didn't drive to Cheriton to welcome u homo. " " If Then hod told us what bc was going t do we should have been very glad lo be thcr too," replied Sophy, " but he rode off in th morning without saying a word to anybody. " He is iu Germany by this time, I suppose t said Jnanita. "He is downstairs in (he office His port mantenu has been packol for a week, believe," explained Janet, " but there i always some fresh business to prevent hi starting. My father rebel upon him mor every day. " "Dear, good Theodore, he is quite th cleverest man I know," Faid Juanita, withou the slightest idea of disparaging her husband whom sho considered perfection. "I thin! he' mnst be very much like what my futhe was at his age." "People who ure in a position to knov tell us that he is exactiy what his ow« fattie was at that age," suid Janet, resenting thi Strempt to trace her brother's gifts to a mon distant source. " I don't see why one ne« go farther. My father would not have beei trusted as he has been for the last thirtj years if he were a simpleton ; and Ga]toi observes-" The door opened at this moment and Theo dore came in. He greeted his cousin and his cousin'i husband with unaffected friendliness. "It is against my principles to tak< luncheon," he said laughingly, as he gavi Juanita his baud, "but this is a rcd-lettci day. My father is waiting for us in tlx dining-room." They all went down stairs together, Theo dore leading thc way with bis cousin, talkinr gaily as they went down the wide oak stair, case, between sober panncllcd walls of dark est brown. The front part of thc ground floor was given up to offices, and tho dining room was built out. at the back, a large bright looking room with a bay window, opening or to a square town garden, a garden of about half an acre, surrounded with high walls, above which showed thc tree tops iu one ol tho leafy walks that skirt thc town, and an irregular mass of roofs, with a steeple herc and' there, lt was very different to that Italian garden at Cheriton where thc peacock strutted slowlv between long rowe of obelisk shaped cypresses, where thc Italian statues showed white iu every angle of the dense green wall, and where the fountain rose and fell with a silvery cadence in the still summer atmosphere. Herc there was only a square lawn, just big enough for a tennis-court, and a broad border of hurdy flowers, with one especial portion ut thc cud of thc garden where Sophia experimented in cross fertilisa- tion after thc manner of Darwin, seeming for ever upon the threshold of valuable dis- coveries. Mr. Dalbrook was a fine-looking man of some unuscertuincd agc between fifty aud sixty. He boasted that he was Lord Cheri- ton's junior by a year or two, although they had both come to a time of life when a year or two more or less could matter very little. He was very fond of Juanita, and he wel- comed bur witli especial tenderness in her new character as a bride. He kissed her, and then held her away from him for a minute, with a kindly scrutiny. "Lady Godfrey surpasses Miss Dalbrook," he Buid smiling at thc girl's radiant face. " I suppose now you are going to be the leading personage in our part of thc county. Wc quiet townspeople will bc continually hearing of you, and there will not be a local paper without a notice of your doing«. Anyhow I amelad you don't forget old friends." He placed her beside him at thc large oval table, on which thc handsomest plate and thc oldest china had been set forth with' celerity which testified to Brown's devotion. Mr. Dalbrook was one of those sensible people who never waste keep or wages upon u bad horse or a bad servant, and his cook was one of the best in Dorchester ; so the luncheon, albeit plain and unpretentious, wus a ineul of which no man need be ashamed, and thc additions which hid been made to thc menu since the phaeton drove up to the door were not of a kind to betray their hasty concoction. Juanita was fond of her uncle, as she called this distant cousin of hers, to distinguish him from thc younger generation, and she was pleased to bc sitting by him, and hearing all thc news of the town and the county people who were his clients, and in many cases his friends. It may bc that his consulship with Lord Cheriton had gone ns fur us Iiis profes- sional acumen to elevate him in thc esteem of town and county, and that some people who would hardly have invited tho country solicitor for his own sake, Bent their cards os a matter of course to the law lord's cousin. But there were others who esteemed thc provincial solicitor for his own sterling qualities, and who even liked him butter than the somewhat severe and self-assertive Baron Cheriton. While Juanita talked confidentially to her kinsman, und while Sir Godfrey discussed thc latest theory about llie aim, mid thc probable endurance of our own little planet, willi Janet and Sophia, Theodore sat at thc bottom of thc table, silent and thoughtful, watching the lovely, aniiuntcd face willi its look of ralliant happiness, and telling himself that the woman he loved was so far away from him sitting there, within reach af his touch, within the sound af bis lowest whisper, as if she had been iu another world. He had borne him self bravely on her wedding day, had smiled back lier happy smile, and clasped her baud with thc steady grip of friendship ; but that effort made there lind been'a sad relupsc in his fortitude, and he had thought of her ever since us a man thinks of that supreme possession without which life is worthless-as the miser thinks of his stolen gold-or the » nilli t lons man of his blighted name. Yes, he bud loved her willi nil the strength of his heurt und mind, and hu knew thal he could never ugnin love with thc same full measure. He was too wise a man, and too i experienced in life, to tell himself thal for him time could have no healing power-that no other woman could ever be dear to him ; but he told himself thut unnlhcr love like unto this was impossible, and that all thc future could bring him would tío some pale faint copy of this radiant picture "I suppose it's onto one man in fifty who marries his first love, hf thought, and then he looked nt Rodfrey Carmichael and thought that to him over much had' been given. He was a (inc young fellow,, clover, unassuming, with a frank, good faoe ; aman who was liked by men as well as by woman ; but what had he done to be worthy of such a wife SB Juanita ? He could only answer the question in the words of Figaro, " He had' taken the trouble to be born." That one thoughtful! gnest mude no differ- ence in thc gaiety of the luncheon table. Matthew Dalbrook hud'plenty to «ay to his beautiful cousin, and Juanita had all the ex- periences of the last season to talk about, while once having started upon Sir William Thomson and thc ultimate exhaustion of the sun's heat, the sisters wera not likely to stop. \\( To be continued. I 