BETWEEN DRINKS. High Art — skirt-dancing. 0 - o » ' - ' The shades of night — ghosts. : \- - A crying need — a handkerchief. ' 0 1 It often requires courage to strike I a balance. 1 To remove paint — back up against i it when it is fresh. i 8 8 A bott'o in hand is worth two bottles behind the bar. 4> 0 a A woman who enamels is sure to have a hard expression. # 0 0 Does a youngster work for a living when ho " works " his father ? .0 0 0 " Take away woman," says a .society .paper "and what wonld 1 follow ?" Why man, to be sure. I » e v Damp as the weather is, we seldom got any wet after the "pubs " close. j - 0. 0 O Most men like to see themselves in print. Women .don't. 1 hoy prefer eilk or satin. 0 0 0 Bill-posters ought to ho thrift y — they always keep their eyes on their hoardings. 0 .0 0 " There is only one obstacle in the I way of our happiness," she said ; I " but it is sufficient to prevent our | marriage." I " And what is that obstacle he 1 inquired, with a far-away gleam in | his eye. a " My husband, "shereplied, sweelly. 1 0 0 0 I . Ernployor : Mr. Rcdink, you got off 1 yesterday afternoon under the plea I of being sick ; I saw you afterwards 1 going to the races, and you didn't ap- | pear to bo at all sick." Employee : " You ought to have | seen mo after the second race. I | was sick enough then." a 0 . 0 0 I Flossie was mourning over her woes 1 to Tottie in the dressing-room, for, . I .alas! she had lost her. new " feller," I who had objected to finding her oat . ' at supper with someone else. " But ho made you lots of pre sents?" suggested Tottie, in a sweet, soothing manner. - " If he ovor gave me anything but a cheap silk dress and the measles, my dear, may I never touch gin . again !" It did seem a martyrdom. 0 o a Two delicately-shod young ladies were taking a short cut across couu- I : try homo, accompanied by their brother, a horrid boy of eleven. Pre- | v gently the party arrived at rather a | vwido ditch, full of water, with no f -bridge within sight. The darlings I -lifted -their' .dainty skirts, and ex- ! :olaimed piteonsly one to another, Dear, dear .' whatever shall we do ? waiting for us." , j Presently the boy, alive to the ' situation, shouted, 71 Look out! 1 There's a beetle just behind you !" The darlings cleared the obstacle together. at a bound. - "Whatovor's the matter, Booster /?'' inquired the sympatholio Jlilly as the " Bird " entered tho olfico, limp ing and blnsphbrning. " Mat! or ! Agrictdtiiral depres- ' sion!" " What (ly'o mean ?" " Some rndian outside has just trod on my oorii." o 0 At a meeting of a certain loaal voatry lately it was debated whether or no a chandelier should be pur chased for the town hall. " Well, gents," at length put in one of tho economy members, " it's all very well foryou to talk o' wasting tho ratepayers' money on a chan delier, but what 1 want to know is,- wheu you've got it, who's a going to play on it?" » 0 .o . Mrs. Potorby used to be a beautiful 1 singer, bub of late her voico seems to have come unglued, so to speak. Q us De Smith, who is very careless in his conversation, was invited to tea. Music being the topic of conver sation, Mrs. Peterby remarked that slie bolievod her daughter had inhorited her voico. " I was wondering what had bocome of it," remarked Gns,. absent- mindedly. MORE OLD FAMILIAR FACES. (SOME SYDNEY STBEET CHAEACTEB3). A young man had been arrested for kissing a pretty girl. "You say,'.' said the attorney for the defendant, " that the yonng man kissed you against your will ?" " Yes, he did, and he did it a dozen times, too?" " Well, now, is it not true that you also kissed him during the affray ?" Objected to ; objeotion overruled. " Now answer my question," con- tinned the attorney. "Did yon not kiss the defendant also ?" "Yes, I did," replied the witness, indignantly, "but I did it in self- defence." Coso dismissed. .0 e 0 Not long ago, at a meeting of a convivial little clnb, a new member was proposed and elected on the Bpot— that is to say, before the members rose from the table. The ' next day, however, nobody conld recolleot the name of the new member. - As ho never put in an appearance again, the members had to make up money between them to pay for a bottle of wine he had ordered on the night of his first and last visit to the clnb. Surely this was not at Coogee. Among Spiritualists tho mediums aro generally heavy-weights. , ' . A letter from a Monte Carlo hotel, which appears in a Parisian paper, says: — A pretty girl from hero is now the wife of ono of tho first men in the Principality. Tho- gentleman was firab attracted by her pretty face, and noxt by her capacity for feeding him. Girla who want husbands should romember this circumstance. "When you find a hungry man set good food beforo him, and nino chauco3 to ten he will bo lovingly inclined at the end of the ropa8t. All of which is probably an awful fib, but if it gets ovon ono poor man a docent dinner tho writer will have his reward hereafter. ' O - 0 0 Rooster: "Ah, Miss Fowclothes, yon can't imagine tho temptations that, a young man has in a large city. Tako drinking, for inatanco. When your boat friend come3 np, slaps you on the back, and says : ' Old man, what'U you have ?' I tell you it's hard to resist. No loss than seven fellows have asked me that question to-day" Miss Fdwclothes (admiringly) : " And I can vouch for it, Mr. Rjoster, that your ans.ver wa3 always the same." Rooator (emphatically) "Tt was." Many a would-be prize fighter draws the most olaret after he has opened a saloon. . Prize fighters have succeeded well on the stage, because all they have to strike there .is an attitude. 0 0 0 " People can talk as much as .they .like about their great scientists," Baid a railway guard the other day, " but I did .something the other day that Darwin, Huxley, and all them evolutionist fellers could never do with all their larnin'. "Wo were running along with about thirty cars, when our train broke in two sections. We stopped 'em, an' were goin' to couple up again when we found we couldn't do it. Something was gone. " ' Wait a minute,' says I to the engineer as I Bkipped out and ran back along the track. " It was then that I did what the crack scientists have never been able to do." " "Vf hat was that ?'' . asked the crowd in broathless expectation. " I found thp miaBing link," replied the railway" guard with a knowing wink, as hewoirt OR with his duties. « \- The billiard-player makes his best paco when he puts on a break. ' A barber has recently cut off his hair with a shilling. New stjle'this. 8 . 0 0 ' . Neighbor : " And so you have a little baby at your house ? Is it a boy or a girl ?" Little Boy : " Mamma thinks it's a boy, but I guess it'll turn out a girl. It's always cry in' 'bout nothia'." . . 0 J Tho oilds sootssd all against ma, air, And 'noath misfortunes oft I gro&u; ; But wlion my g-irl is on tuy lenoo, Oh ! thou I feol I hold uiy own, 0 He was a now assistant at tho cir culating library, and she tripped in to hire Warren's novel. " Have you ' Tea Thousand a Year ?' ' she asked. "No! I've, got eighteen bob a woek," ho growled. " What do you want to remind a rum of his mis fortunes for ?" o o Little Dot: "Ma, may I take tho baby out in my doll's carriage ?" ' Mamma : " Why, what for?" ' Little Dot : " Susie Smif has a now doll 'at shuts it9eyc3 an' cries ' Wah, wah.' I'm doin' to befcond the baby is a doll and let her hear him cry. Then I doss sho'l atop puttiu' on airs." 0 0 0 Mrs. Rooster : " I cannot reconcile myself to your wretched habit of going to the races. You'vo been there again to day, I suppose." Rooster: "Yes, my love, and I've brought you a box of gloves with the ' proceeds." Mrs. R. : "You dear old thing! Why didn't you say so ? And — er — er to-morrow you might go again, dear. I know whore there's the . loveliest now hat in town." . 0 0 . 0 , An Irishman who was to return to his natiyo land bv a certain steamer arrived on the pier as she was start- ing, and some twelve feet away, taking a short run, he jumped (in board, but happened to alight 'on his ' head. Being slightly stunned by the : shock, he did not rovive until the boat was some two hundred yards off, when he looked back, scratched his head and exclaimed , " Great Scott ! what a foine jump.'' 0 0 0 - Lady (rather near) : " John, I should like you to find out, if you can, .whether there is any of the tinned salmon left without letting the new oook know, as bIio may have eaten it, and I shouldn't like to make her feel uncomfortable." Confidential Butler : " If you please, ma'am, the new cook has eaten the tinned salmon, and she feels very un comfortable indeed." < O 0' The young man was bold and he wanted the girl, so he interviewed the father. " So," said the old man, after the proposition had been stated, "you wish to marry my daughter ?" "Exactly so, sir " "And can -you support her in the style she expects ? " 1 think so, sir." , " Are you sure ?" " Well, I may say T arn " "Then tako her, my boy, and if you succeed in what yon havo tackled I'll be blamed if you won't be doing bettor than I have ever been able to do," and tho old.man gloated in glee. 0 0 -0 The old fellow had come np to make some arrangements for the Agricultural Show ; and the morning after his arrival his nephew took him out to lunch at Paris House." Half way through the meal the hap less relative had occasion to whisper : " S'cuse me, nnole, but — er — but it's not quite the thing — it's con sidered impolite in fact — to eat with ' your knife." ''.Oh, it is, is it ? Well, . politeness k.e jiggered ! I let you eat with yer fork when you was down with us at the farm this summer, didn't I, and never said how funny it looked to us either!" 