. I made a discovery that .night; one which -surprised me largely. When a man has reached the age of 3D yeare vithont knowing the inner menmncr of the word (i lore.,,.he has •ft right to feci surprised on acquiring that knowledge without frt-udy. I did not secklcve, .on the contrary love—in. the person of Lady Selwyn—hunted me out; consequently I was not a*free agent in the matter. At the time I hardly analysed the affair in this fashion, for the discovery was somewhat overwhelming. I towed on an uneasy pillow all. night wondering what disease had seized me, and matters were hardly improved hy my lighting the candle at intervals to look at the picture. All the horror of -red star and wailing voice was forgotten by me, my brain being fully occupied by the thought that Lady Selwyn was a beautiful woman whom E adored. I offer no opinion on this matter, hut simply set down the existing facts. . Being in this dazed condition, I was natur ally anxious to confide my troubles to someone. Ruth was scarcely an invitiug repository. I knew nobody in the neighbourhood, and self communion was imsatisfactory; therefore the most obvious course was to await the coming of Hadrian. Somewhere about noon he duly arrived, without any apologies for his tardi ness ; : but tliis omission on his part I waived, being, only too thankful to see his dour counten ance. . v ' By donrl do not mean'exactly ill-natured, for Hadrian had some geniality in his disposi tion, though it did not .show itself in hrs face. Fortunately I knew that this index to his mind was a bad one, else I had not made hiin my confidant. Aa it turned out, he did not receive my story so well as I had expected, hut this I put down to his jealousy in the matter oi friendship. Hadrian was a good physiognomist, and anxious for his unbiased opinion 1 said nothing about Lady Selwyn, but slipped tho portrait in with tho rest of tho sketches. In a few minutes Hadrian, as 1 expected he would, asked to sea what work I had. done, so I placed' the whole lot before him and waited the result in .d2ence. He went .to work-in his usual | ungracious: manner, making ranaiSa jjompli- j mmtary a«d otterwiw^-mostJy oUicririk-.7 In due course ho came across th/porimit, ami to my astonishment showed au enexvicted acquaintance with tic original p; ' Jfnloiae," he said tuniicj? towards LaVse^.'3011' ''WiauW " 5° ^0T7,l*r* Hadrian ? " * w « C"% "^111 She was tho heroine ol ?fr?rtCGr ^ T &ZISQRH; 3gO." what queer story ? " ?, £rS°5- Tou -were in India at tli& time, mid Hadrian, replacing the nketoh in «io portfolio., " However, I can toil yon tho whole history hut first let ma hear how vou came to tnitkc her acquaintance." . *" I would rather have heard the London his tory first, and then narrated tbcseqnel: but Hadnau, as X knew of old, was as obstinate as )f„ J ■ i , ®S3 * gratified his cariosity ho cciuimly would not gratify mine, so withqaick despatch I told him all that had taken place on the previous inght. 'Hie important detail of my falling- ni love I withheld for the present. I might as well have told it at once, for X saw Hadrian guessed the trnth from my toll- tale cheeks. However, ho made no sign of such knowledge, lmt, when I bad finished the storr, wimIov/U grange iutcntly through tho , Hpfurally lexpected to be directly addressed, bat m place of this Hadrian began a monologue as though ho were aloae. At first I felt iudijr lUton^°WaCmedl,ert'nla,tiathe "Apparently,"1 observed Hadrian to him self,.' enc saw tho likeness between Varst and i "iti , a®c<>unte for her emotion. She loved Varst deeply, and when he died buried ' herself in tins tomb. Now a ghost in the person of Faloisc has revived that love given to a dead man; so it is not unlikely she will transfer her affections to tho living. Jaloiso resembles the non-existing Varst greatly. Doubtless she will love him. The question is —will htiluisc love herf". "Paloiso docs love her," I broke in iui petuously, whereupon Hadrian, contrary to his nsnahgravity, burst oat langbing. ."So! I hare csnght you in a trap, Eiloise. Xes; I am aware that you love this women, lour cheeks, your eyes were eloquent. Now your tongue betrayB yon. Paloise," he added, touching my breast with an emphatic fore- , finger; "had I not tricked yoG into this confession you * would havo held your peace." J . " Indeed, you are wrong. I intended to tell you as 600U,as you arrived." Hadrian, taking out his watch, glanced !at the dial with a mocking smile. "X have been with you 'close on an hour and ■ yon have told me-Anolhing. So much fervour - intention, ion love this woman?" "Yea, I <lo !" ".And you would many her?" "If abe "would have me J" "You talk like a child!" said Hadrian, > roughly. " Harry a'woman of whom you ' know nothing—whoso face you have hardly seen. A woman who, as you can see for yourself, conceals some shameful secret in; that house. Don't be a fool, Faloise S" ..." "Calling me names<will not alter my defei--' mmatioD," I rejoined^ a trifle nettled"tell me what you know about her and i will jade© for myself." . Hadrian bit his fingers—a trick with him when annoyed—then, without furthcrprcamblc, hurst out into the story of Lady Selwyn. . ^ho is a young widow J" he began with a jerk of his head, by which I knew how angiy ~ ho was. 11 A. young widow hot without attrac tions, as you know, nor without money, as you don't know. More than two years ago—I may say three—when I was in town and you were in the east,, she bnned her first husband and fell • in lore with Paul Varst, .-wrist. It was said • she had been in love with him before she married Sir Peter Selwyn's titlcandforhine, but at all events, no sooner was the ©id man buried than she became engaged to Varst. He resem bled you greatly, and, like you, was an artist, which I think you must admit is a curious co incidence. Luring Lady Selwyn'*© period of mourning ho went to the east as you did. Unlike you—and this is the first point of differ ence between you— he returned thcnco anlicled with some disease. I don't know, tho name of the disease, but it killed hixu, and uiay be said to have killed her, seeing how she has shut herself up iu yonder tomb to mourn him. You, my friend, arc very like Varst; so I should not feel surprised if she fell in love with J"0"- ^ In her eyes, remember, you are Varst rediviviLs. My advice to you ia to escape her euares by immediate flight. As to yonr red star, I cannot divine its meaning, nor do I think it worth troubling'about. All Iknow . for oerlaiu 13 that Lady Selwyn loved Varst, mid as you resemble Varst, ehe will assuredly lovej ou. So there you have the story. Suffi ciently-commonplace, is it not ?" 4*kcs! and sufficiently repntablo also,"-1 interrupted hotly. 411 see no riling to con demn in her £onduct and much to praise. She . ! • ; must bo a loving woman to mourn so truly for the d^ad. By your own showing* my re- • semblance to VarBt gives mc a chance of sue- _. cess, and as 1 love her, I see no reason why I should not become her husband." * ' • ' " I trust you will not be so foolish, Faloiso," . "Praydo not argue, further. My mind is.' made up." " .. . .• "And so 13 mine,"' ho ^joined, angrily, springing from lus chair. " If you intend to make a fool of yourself, I wash my hands .of - the whole business.». Give up this idea, Faloide, or I leave you fot ever." * .. • "As 3-011 please," I answered, cutting short, the discussion, and with that'left tho room. 2 "When I returned Ruth informed mo tint Hadrian had gone. . - . f. Presumably it was jealousy which caused - * him to act in this foolish way. Ho could not * bear to think that a woman should come be tween us; but as a woman had dono bo, ho ; considered himself affronted, and departed in j anger. It would be useless to deny that I wan Pony for this "breach between us. I "do not make friends easily, and Hadrian was my closest companion. Notwithstanding iny re gret, I was too much in lovo to brood long over [ thfB acYcrlayfr and diffmi^mg Hadrian's felly from my mind, addressed myself to the'task of solviug tlie red star mystery. I wonder if there is a perverse Fate wlio ever makes things go contrary to what we wish. In my case I was inclined, to take this view of 1'roYidence, for I wanted Lady .Selwyn to visit the Golden Plover as usunl, hut slio never made her appearance. The old woman came for such • necessaries as were required, hut Lady Selwyn remained in seclusion.1 spent my days in walking up and down the high road • in front of the morass and my nights in the \- -parlour waiting for her coming, hut neither by dav nor by nigut did I see her. Ruth informed mo that before my arrival she nightly paid a • visit to the inn. Seeing that she did so no longer I was forced to blame either that sup positious Fate or wy likeness to Paul Yarst, .posititious J deceased. Lack day I haunted the high road, watching that detestable house, each night I sat in the . parlour eyeing that red star and listening to . the Thing wailing. I got used to both in the \- end, showing that even horrors can become stale. Ruth usually kept me company, and < • we talked of many things—of Lady Selwyn • among others—but I learned no more than I 7 had been told on the first night. And all this rime I was iu a perfect fever of excitement. . . This unsatisfactory life went on for about a week. At the end of.tbat time the old woman • brought a letter in which Lady Selwyn im • plored me to go away. I took no uotice of this, out haunted the high road as usual, whereupon j the next night brought me anotherletterordcr ing me to depart. I heeded the command as • little as I had don6 the entreaty. Then there ensued a perfect deluge of notes, imploring, ; . ordering, requesting, beseeching. Lady Sel wyn ran through the whole.g-araut of a ■ • woman's arts in wheedling a man. to do her | — bidding. • ,■ It was all of no avail. I was as obstinate in ^ ctayiugasshe was in hiding. Neither of us | : would give in. At last she did. Towards the \ end of the second week she unexpectedly made | her appearance in the parlour, ordered Job u ! Ruth out of the room, and gave mc a warm I f, quarter of au hour. I "If you are a gentleman, Mr. Faloise, you • will leave this place," she said indignantly. " I have written you at least a dozen letters, »• of none of which have you taken any notice." "Really, Lady Selwyn, I do not see why I | should leave this place," I answered mildly. " Is it reasonable to expect mc to do so ? " You are driving me mnd." "How so?" : • . For answer she covered lier face with. her • hands, and burst into tears. I advanced to \- soothe her, but ou touching her shoulder she sprang up with a terrified gesture. > "No! No! Bo not touch mc. Icannot bear | it. Oh! If you only knew my story!" ^ I do know £Our story. That you loved I Paul Yarat, who is dead, and that I resemble I : PaulVarst." ! . ' "Who told you this?" she asked with a „ quick intake of the breath. . "Uearnedit inadvertently. Is it because I resemble Paul Yarst that you wish me to go'f" • . /"Yes! Yes! You are so like him. Yon . have, his eyes, his voice. To me you arc . . asa spectre. Paul Varst was like you, and now—" - . "He is dead, and yon mourn his loss in that 1 : dreary mansion". Surely you have . suffered ! enough, and can forget the past." J She shivered, spreading out her hands with j a gesture of despair. j " No! I can never forget the past." I .. ." Let me teach you to do so 1" ' j "What-do you mean, Mr. Faloise?" she i \- cried, shrinking back from my outstretched j .arms. . "That I love you." " For God's sake Bay no more." j I caught her to my breast before she could , avoid me. - . . " " I must speak, Lady Selwyn. I love you ! I love you! The moment I beheld your face in the porch yonder I loved you. I drew your • picture from memory—from the memory of my heart. I resemble Paul Yarst. Love tne for his sake if not for my own." Shclhrustroo back with snch violence that I N reeled against the wall. "How dare you insult me!" she panted, clenching her hands. " You are a stranger. I know nothing of you and yet—and yet you , dare to speak of love to me—tome," striking her breast with closed fist, "who am vowed to \- - the dead." . "I cannot help myself. I am a coward, acting as I do; but blame the lover, not the man. I should go away when you bid me ! I cannot! I dare not! The sight of your face has mined my life! If I leave you I die I You . . are killing me—yes, killing me. Can you not ace how I suffer ?" The angry light in her eyes softened to the . mild radiance of pity. Crossing the room she " laid her hand on my bowed head. " Poor fellow! You suffer. I also suffer. ' But we must both suffer in silence. I am vv under the ban of hell!" : f'What do yon mean ? That house " . "I dare tell you no more. The red light v warns me to hold my peace." \- . '-'What does.it mean?" I said, again grasp ing her poor thin hands. ..?It means the tortures of hell," she : . whispered witl^ slow terror. " I have seen a ; iwnl writhing in the grip of fiends. Pray to ... God you .may never look upon 6uch sights as near my eyes. "We must meet no more, Mr. . • Faloise. Let me bear my curse alone." : . v; ^'Nay, I will help-you to bear it." ~ Youcannot. Itis too horriblo! Let ine S°tMr.Faloiie. I cannot! I dam not love '"r" youi" , * "Then, yon do love me." • V "Without, a wordshe bent forward and kissed -v my cheek. At" that moment we beard the , . wading of the accursed Thing, whereupon, with a. burst of hysterical laughter, she fled y.; from the room. I. followed with speed, but . she had already vanished in the darkness, nor :< couU my imploringa call her back to my enns. :tT: fTbp nextnight she failed to appear, biibithe / ^-bld womaii;toonght me another fetter.. " Pity MV VMlfflMt fir1/1 rrr\ '' (Iia Mnt.rii InnJ mj weakness, and go,".were.the content's,.and ' the paper wa* stained with tears. Those tears decided my course. Nothing now would induce me to leave the place without soothing this" sorrow. I swore to.enter the Grange, to enter that room whence shone tlio red light, to discover, what it was that wailed so horribly. I sacrificed my soul to'kcep that oath, hut I fceptit. , After a haggard night I walked up tlie road at dawn to examine the morass. If possible I desired to cross it and enter the Grange, but as I stood hesitating on the verge of the unsteady ground a woman cried aloud. On looking up Isaw Lady Selwyn balanced above the black water, and in less tkau a niinuto' die' was by my side. " Go away, Mr. Faloise," 6lie panted, push ing mc backward. " "What do you wish V* " To enter the Grange." ^Impossible. It is death to enter." " "Nevertheless I will enter." " For what reason ?" I whispered my reply in her car, as though it were too nwesome to be spoken aloud. '*1 wish to marry you. That house holds some horrible secret, which is blighting your life. Lot me in. Tell me what it is, and I will free you from its influence." "There id no secret," 6hc denied, with downcast eyes. " There is! I am determined to find out its mystery. "Why does that red star shine from the tower at dusk r "What is It that moans in the darkness ?V "Ton arc killing me," she gasped, pressing her hand to her side. " Go away, I implore you. Mr. Faloise. I dare not tell you any thing." Then, with sudden defiance, "I r-hall not tell you anytliiug, nor will I see you again.". ' # I would have folded* her in my arms, hut with a. sudden spring she placed a portion of the morass between us. " You w$ sink!" I cried, sick with horror, as tho ground quivered under her light weight.: . " No; I guide myself by the vhito stones!" she called buck. " Good-bye, Mr. Faloise. Do not come here again. It means, death to you and to me." . . - With this she vanished into the house, and daunted by that horrible marsh I dared'not follow her Slowly I returned to the inn. The east was rod with the- dawn, but redder than the east burned the star from tho tall tower. 