WAS IT A CHOST THEY SAW? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211 Main street, B[?]geoirt, and Miss Minnis Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night curly in December (1S91) tlm two irnmen lacked nil the doors ami went to the Iheniie, leaving not iv soul in the house. They hft the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At nbouS lmlf-pi«t 11 they re turned, ami entered the house laughing ami talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a Bocoml. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a ma-k. Ilia eyes gleaming through the eye holes iu it. tlis eliirt aleaves were rolled up, and in one hand he csrried a long, old fashioned pistol. Tile women fled scream ing from tho mom, a id when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later lie found no one in the parlor, and all the doors and windows Bcenrely locked. Whit was it the women saw ? ** During a recent period rf ill-health," writes ail American friend, *• I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these n'ghte, about 2 o’clock, I was suddenly amused from ad zi by ichat seemed like the calling of my name; and at the font of till! bed stnnd I lie image of my 1110‘lier just as she looked five years before, as »lie was leaving ho me to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail way disaster. I screamed and fainted. I whs foolish enough to tell of it, mid the local old women gossips said it was a summons, and I would never get well. ST"t I did, and am in perfect health now. I belinve that vision came of my weak norves, for I’ve never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on vou when your system is out of condition. In March, IS9O, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokes down, lianas, wrote ns as follows:—“/ teas so dreadfully nervous I could not hear any one in the room with me, yot I did net wish them far away 1 case I should call nut for help. This was in June, ISS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little tho better for having gono !o bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over : my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. [ My skin was dry and yellow, and the atom sell and bowels felt cold and dead. By-am! by I had to lie helpless in bed. The | doctor said lie didn't know what my com plaint was. 1 took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that ou my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. J[tj memory completely failed. My head nulled so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friumis agreed that I would never get better. “I had given up all hope, when ono day •Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked wlie.t I was taking. She told mo she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As sho seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho | end of the week I went downstairs. Now lam us well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness lias hft me.” The malady, Mrs Foster suffered from was I indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros- I (ration. The original cause was grief and shock at tho violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fad and toued the [ nerv’fs. Whatever may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by | indigestion and dypp»psia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel’s Syrup does itß work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. It is said that the Bank of .France has an invisible studio in a gallery be hind the cashiers, so that at a given signal from one of them any suspected customer will instantly iiave his photo graph taken without his knowledge. The camera lias also become very use ful in the detection of frauds, a word or figure that to the eye seem com pletely erased being clearly reproduced in photographs of the document that had been tampered with. Dr Laws, who has returned from missionary work in Africa, says that on the banks of Lake Nvassa, which a few years ago was the'habitation of cruelty, there are today Christian schools with 150 teachers and 7000 scholars. 