SECOND SHEET TO lillj iMllMliP lflijjiil>ijiii» SATURDAY, SEPTEMRER 2, 1893. SEABCniNG FOB GHOSTS. HATXSÎG with apparent pecuniary success epitomised fur the general reader the periodi- cal literature of this planet, Mr. W. T, Stead has Bighed for other worlds to conquer. Happier than Alexander, he has foutid another world. By means of a journal to be published quarterly, under the title of Borderland, he purposed ti Bet forth the essence-if that be not too definite a word to describe vague imaginings-of what men write and think about those dim regions which lie beyond the domain of science. In a word, the new quarterly will tell all that has ' been done in the search after ghosts. Endeavours will be made to run to earth the phenomena which suggest in every man a multiple personality, to explain ¿he strange forces that lark in the nerves, and to define the vagrant shadowy iofluences of which each one of us is at times conscious. A cynical person might say that Borderland is that limbo of fools which Milton has scathed with bis scorn ; that it is peopled with shapes which are the children of thoughts fantastical?- that there are gorgons and hydras and chimeras dire of all complexions and varieties ; and in short that it is the province in which can be found every strange fancy of the diseased or semi-diseased or im- perfectly balanced brain. Mr. Stead appears to have been induced to become the purveyor of ghostly literature in easily digested doses by some personal experiences. He has a correspondent in Borderland - a perBon named Julia. This lady who exists on " the other aide" in a condition of yearning after the state she has left,-for she asks Mr. Stead whether he cannot establish a bureau of com- munication between the two sides,-takes possession of Mr. Stead's hand, and makes him write. Bat Mr. Stead admits that unless he surrenders himself wholly to Julia, leaves himself passive to her influence, and sits pen-in-hand thinking of nothing at all like the ladies in "Patience," .he has no power to communicate with him. Some examples of her messages are given, which tend to show that Julia has , no more prescience than she possesses initial power of intercourse with her earthly familiar. And it would seem too that the " Invisibles " are jealous of each other, exactly like mere mortals. Por Mr. Stead's Julia, on one occasion, stopped a message short be- fase she did not like the influence of another Invisible who was controlling a second writer in the same room. The proprietor of the JSeview of Reviews explains that he writes best when he sees the words, though he believes others can write blindfolded ; he gets only English messages : others receive communications in old Japanese and Sanscrit ; and, if the English he receives is in his own style, that is because Julia in the flesh was in perfect accord with bim on most of the questions dealt with in the communications professing to come fïom her. That ia an ingenious theory to account for an embarrassing fact. Eor the unhappy Btyle of Julia's alleged messages does justify the belief that they are no more than the fruit of Mr. Stead's exuberant and credulous fancy. Very fnnny is the suggestion in Borderland for the establishment of a Psychic Hospital where thought-healing on a large scale will be practiced. The philosopher says Cogito ; ergo mm, I think; therefore I am. The thought-healer says we must think of a pain that it ia not, and it is not. If we recollect rightly, Harold Skitnpole asked his butcher to apply this method of effacement to his bill, and the prosaic butcher insisted on solid money, and became abusive because he did not get it. What an amazing blessing thought-healing would be, if it were only a real force. But the theory is juBt an instance of how the peychists airily ascribe to known phenomena a power beyond the region of experience. In a limited way we «nn think away sorrow and pain, can help the agency of more material medicaments, but ordinary every-day experience has no examples which justify the claims of the thought-healer. In establishing his Review of the Reviews, Mr. Stead was not unmindful of the value of a good word, and the first number contained testimonies from celebrities of all ranks and conditions, in its favour. He has invited opinions upon Borderland too, but with a different result. Lord Kelvin writes : " I have nothing to do with Borderland. I "believe that neatly everything in hypnotism and clairvoyance is imposture and the rest bad observation." The opinion of Professor Geikie is thus given : " As I hove never seriounly considered what are known as ' occult phenomena,'*! ought to have no opinion na to the utility and expediency of such studies. ' But, judging from the disastrous effect pro- duced by them on some people I have met, I am inclined to fear that the publication of your Botderland, however well-intentioned, j may tend to increase the population of our lunatic RsylnmB." The Archbishop of Onn I terbury wrote that " the phenomena are of a class which appears mostly in uncivilised state« of society, ond is exhibited in persons of little elevation of intellect." "With la- mentable wunt of gallantry the Bwhop of JNotlingbnm identifies "Julio" as the devil, j ¡The B'.udy of psychic phenomena may in the I opinion of Dr. Blackwell prove aB dangerous as dynamite, a saying which reminds us that Mrs. Besant receutly told a reporter that ehe dare not for fear of consequences attempt the use of powers which Madame Blavalsky employed with impuDity. In that wonderful book, Zanoni, Bulwer Lytton depicts the jealousy with which the Dweller on the Threshold regard« all who would enter the arcanum in search of the higher knowledge And what the novelist fancied and the disciple of a modern charlatan dreamed is in fact true in the opinion of the scientist of the phenomena of the so-called "occult." "That way mudneBS lies :" insanity's grim possibility warns away to commonplace study and to the wholesome .?atmosphere of everyday. Sesen possible theories are submitted by Professor Ray Lankester to account for alleged ghoBt seeing or hearing. The narrator may be mad, or tricked, or incapable of distinguishing between fact and fancy, may be a liar or a hypnotic, may be true in his facts but false in his inferences ; or, the story may be true. The chances are however six to one against its being true. Borderland, thinks Professor Fitzgerald, verges on hysteria and lunacy. Dr. Reynolds regards it as a valley of humilia- tion into which he dees not care to descend to meet the multiple personalities neurotic, gasttic, optic, and demoniac which inhabit it. " I am on the Border," writes Lord Cran- brook, pathetically, at the age of eighty, " Bnd mußt wait for the crossing to learu all about it." A Fortnightly Eeviewer, Mr. Frank Harris, says : " You've got beyond me ; in the Borderland I'll not set foot if I can bel p it. My ignorance of what you call 'occult pheno- mena' is so complete as to exclude all desire for information, I don't want to develop ' the latent powern of the unconscious n.ind,' and I'd hate to discover ' the key to those obscure phenomena which suggest a multiple personality.'" Like Dr. Blackwell, the Bishop of Durham thinks thai "every voluntary approach to beings such as those who 'are supposed to hold communication with men through mediums is unlawful and perilous." Another eminent theologian declares that there IB better evidence than spirit rapping for a, future life, in the breathings of some old saint in a cellar or almshouse, or on a death- bed. By such wordB Mr. Stead can scarcely be said to be cheered on his way; but we venture to think these phrases of condemna-. tion will be widely echoed by the sane and sensible in every community. No good ever came of listening seriously to old wives' fables ; it would be fatuous to go from the light of the nineteenth century back into medieval darkness. Science offers marvels and mysteries enough to satisfy the moat exacting wonder-monger, but the ways of science are safe. Sbe proves all things and holds fast that which ia good. The honest doubt which Bhe engenders, being a mental stimulus, is preferable to credulity which enervates. The healthy and devout thinker is satisfied to a degree with what she teaches. For, as she unfolds the ample page of the scheme of nature, he sees clearly wisdom, purpose, and adaptation, attributes the very opposite to those of manifestations of the occult, so-called. And at the point at which the revelations of science cease, he is content to wait, arguing, from what she shows to what she hides, in favour of the universal uniformity of nature's modes and attributes and of the beneficence and wisdom of Nature's Lord. 