"I HOW.SHALL WE DECIDE Tills 1 QUESTION?" No, hich i t i te icorse-to hare noappetite for your dinner, or to hare fro dinner for yoi?r appetlte1 There are loti of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals, lint most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have toa mach food without an appetite, or avigorous appetite without'enonglh to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently,yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to havennappetite without a dinner, because, Phort of thes:arvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs.," To illustrate. We recently received a com. munication in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did heo fancy Is food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why 1 Let him clear the mystery himself. le says, " In the year 1889i I changed my work fronm railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel my. self. MIy mnouth tasted bad so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to leve nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellowfur round it. My treath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were alweys right before I had eaten anything, Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a hall in my throat, and act as it it svonbl choke me." We cannot wander that under these cir cuemstanees our friend failed to do justice to his meals, le adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched with, some sharp in strrment. Then, again, at times lie wse attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, "the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty imeal Bare I made, for I was afraid to eat. "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What lie means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished etate of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourish. ment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungovernot im. agination, "With great difliculty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on ine. So I strnggled on, but whatI suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so mlh as 1 hare done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his oarn having been cured by Mfother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife." he says, " got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the f ailment left me and has never returned since I that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed bythe Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) "GEOasG IUNT, "Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." • We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankfl he isaad for whet reason 