mil a m ur u ^ $ E f I I &.\J U L J\T .11. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of His Puttier," "Tho Sorceres?," "Within the.Preeinots," "Young Musgrnve," "Oliver's Bride," "A Rose in June." &c.; Published by epeaia! arrangement with the author Ail rights reserved J ClIAI'TIiB XV. Miss Bethune sec out accordingly without saying anything further to see tho invalid. She took nobody into her confidence, not even Gilchrist, who had much olL-nded her mistress by her scepticism. Much as she was interested in every unusual chain of circumstances, and much more still iu anything happening to Dora Mannoring, there was a still stronger im pulse of personal feeling in her present ex pedition. It had gone to liei head like wino ; her eyes shoue, aud there was a nervous energy in every line of her tall figuro iu its middle aged ljoniness and hardness. She walked quickly, pushing her way forward wtien there was any crowd with an unconscious movement, as of a strong swimmer dividing the waves. Her mind was tracing outevery line of the sup posed process of events. It was such a strange story as occurs seldom in the almost endless variety of strange stories that are about the world—a story of secret marriage, a secret birth, a sudden terror of discovery. The young woman who had given herself foolishly and hastily to an adventurer was an heiress, if she continued to please an old uncle who iiad her fate in his hands. It was the news of his unexpected approach which brought the sudden crisis. The husband,^ who hud been near in the profound quiet of the country, fled, taking with hiin the child—and after that no more. The marriage was altogether unknown, except to Gilchrist and aeouple of old servants in the small secluded country house where the old little tragedy had taken place and the young wife who had never borne her husband's name came to life again after a long illness to find every trace of her piteous story and of the fate of the man for whom she had risked so much and the child whom she had scarcely seen obliterated. The agony through which she had lived in that first period of dismay and despair, the wild secret enquiries set on food with so little knowledge of how to do anything of the kind, chiefiy by means of the good and devoted Gilchrist, who, however, knew still less even thau her mistress the way to do it. . '1 be long monotonous years of living with the old uncle to whom that forlorn young woman in her secret anguish had to be nurse and conipauion ; the freedom afterwards when the fortune was hers, and the liberty so long desired; but still no clue, no knowledge whether the child on whom she had set her passionate heart existed or not. The hero, the husband, existed no longer in her imagina tion. That first year of furtive fatal inter course had revealed him in his true colors as an adventurer, wli030 aim had been her fortune. But why had he not revealed himself when that fortune was secure'1 Why had not he brought back the child who would have secured his hold over her whatever had happened ? These questions had been discussed between Miss Bethune and her maid till there was no longer any contingency, any subtilty of tilings or theories possible which had not been torn to pieces between them, with reasonings some times as acute as mother's wit could make them, sometimes as foolish at ignorance and in experience suggested. They had roamed all over the world in a quiet quest after tho fugitives who had dis apoeared so completely into the darkness. What wind drifted them to Bloomsbury it would take too long to enquire. The wife of one furtive and troubled year, the mother of one anxious but heavenly week, had long, long ago settled into the angular, middle aged unmarried lady of Miss Simcox's first floor. She had dropped all her former friends—all the people who knew about her. And those people who once knew her by her Christian name and, _ as they thought, every incident in her life in reality knew nothing—not a syllable—of the brief romance and tragedy which formed its centre. She had developed, they all thought, into one of those eccentrics who are sometimes to be found in the loneliness of solitary life, odd as were all tho Bethunes, with something added that was especially her own. By intervals an old friend would appear to visit her, marvel ling much at the London lodging in which the mLtresa of more thau one old comfortable house had chosen to bury herself. _ But the Bethunes were all queer, these visitors sard ; there was a bee in their bonnet, there was a screw loose somewhere. It is astonishing the number of Scotch families of whom this is said to account for everything their descendants may think or do. This was the woman who marched along the hot July streets with tho same vibration of im pulse arid energy which bad on several occa sions led her half over the world. She had been disappointed a thousand times, but never given up hope ; and each new will-o'-the-wisp which had led her astray had been welcomed with the same strong confidence, the same ever living hope. Lew of them, she acknowledged to herself now, had possessed half the likeli hood of this, arid every new point of certitude grew and expanded within her as she proceeded on her way". The same age, the Bame name (move or less), a likeness which Gilchrist, fool that she was, would not see; and then the story proving everything of the mother, who wa3 alive but unknown. Could anything be more certain ? Miss Bethuue's progress through the streets was more like thai of a bird on the wind with that floating movement which is so full at once of strength and of repose, and wings ever ready for a swift coup to increase the impulse and clear way than of a pedestrian walking ajoug a hot pavement. A strauga coincidence 1 Yes, it would be a very strange coincidence if her own very unusual story and that of the poor Maunerings should thu3 be twined together. But why should it not be so? Truth is Btranger than fiction. The moat^ marvellous combinations happen every day. The stranger things are the more likely they are to happen. This was what she kept saying to herself as she hurried upon her way. She was received in the darkened room, in the hot atmosphere perfumed aud damped by the spray of some essence, where at first Miss Bethune felt she could scarcely breathe. When she was brought in the gleam of light made by the opened door there was a little scream of eagerness from the bed at the other end of the long room and then a cry. " But Dora ? Where is Dora ? It is Dora, Dora, I want 1" in a voice of disappointment and irritation close to tears. "You must not be vexed that I came first by myself," Miss Bethune said. " To bring Dora without her father's knowledge is a strong step." "But I have a light—I have a right 1" cried the sick woman. " Nobody—not even he— would deny me a sight of her. I've hungered for years for a sight of her, aud now that I am free" I am going to die." "No.no! don't say that," said Miss Bethune with the- natural instinct of denying that con clusion. "You must not let your heart go down, for that is the worst of all." "It is perhaps the best, too," said the patient. " What could I have dona ? Always longing for her, never able to have her except by stealth, frightened always that she would find out, or that he should find out. Oh, no, it's better as it is. Now I can provide for my dear and nobody to say a word. Now I can show hor how I love her. And phe will not judge me. A child like that doesn't judge. She will learn to pity her poor, poor Oh. why didn't you bring me my Dora ? I may not live another day." In the darkuess, to which her eyes gradually became accustomed, Miss Bothnne consulted silently with a look the attendant by the bad and receiving from her the slight, scarcely distinguishable answer of a shake of the head, took the sufferer's hand and pressed it in her own. "I will bring her," she said, to-night if you wish it, or to-raovrow. I give you my word. If yon think of yourself like that, whether you are right or not, I am not the one to disappoint you. To-night if you wish it." "Oh, to-night, to-night! I'll surely live till to night," the poor woman cried. "And many nights more, if you will only keep quite quiet, ma'am. It depends upon yourself," paid the maid. |" " They always tell you," said Mrs. Bristowe, ["to keep quiet, as if that was the easiest : thine to do. I might get up and walk all the long way to see my child; but to be quiet without her—that is what is impossible—and knowing that perhaps I may never see her again ?" " You shall—you shall," said Miss Bethune soothingly. "But you have a child and a good child—a son, or as like a son as pos sible." "Ia eon ? Oh, no, no—none but Dora 1 ±\o one I love but Dora." The poor lady paused then with a sob and said in a changed voice. "You mean Harry Gordon : Oh, it is easy to see you are not a mother. He is very good—oh, very good. He was adopted by Mr. Bristowe. Oh," she cried, with a long crying breath, "Mr. Bristowe ought to have done something for Harry. He ought to—I always said so. I did not want to have every thing left to me." Sne wrung her thin hands and a convulsive sob came out) of the darkness. " Ma'am," said the maid, "I must send this lady away and put a stop to everything, if you get agitated like this." "I'll ho quite calm, Miller—quite calm,' the patient cried, putting out her hand aud olutching Miss Bethune's dress. " To keep her calm I will talk to her of this other subject," said Miss Bethune, with an in jured tone in her voice. She held her head high, elevating her spare figure as if in disdain. "Let us forget Dora for the moment," she said, "and speak of thi3 young man that has! only been a son to you for tho most or his Ire, only given you his affection and his services and everything a child could do, but ia nothing of course in comparison with a little girl you know nothing about, who is your niece in blood." "Oh, my niece, my niece!" the poor lady murmured under her breath." " Teil me something about this Harry Gordon ; it will let your mind down from the more exciting subject," said Miss Bethune still with great dignity, as it ol an offended person. "]Ju has lived with you for years. He has shared your secrets." "I have talked to him auout Dora," elm faltered. "But yet, "said the stern questioner, more and more severely, "it does not seem you have cared anything about hint all these years." "Oh, don't say tnat! 1 ha veal ways been fond of him, always—always! He will never say I have not beau kind to him," the invahcloried.fi "Kind'.'" cried Miss Bethune, with an indig nation and scorn which nothing could exceed. Then cha added mors gently, but with still the injured tone in her voice, " Will you tell me something about him? It willoaim you down. I take an interest in the young man. He is like somebody I once knew, and his name recalls "Perhaps you knew his father?" said Mrs. Bristowe. "Perhaps. I. would like to hear more par ticulars. He tells mo his mother is living." "The father was very foolish to toll him. Mr. Bristowe always said so. It was on his deathbed. I suppose," cried the poor lady, with a deep sigh, "that on your deathbed you feel that you must tell everything. Oh, I've been silent, silent so long! I feel that too. She is not a mother that it would over be good for him to find. Mr. Bristowe wished him never to come back to Eugland only for that. Ho said batter be ignorant —better know nothing." "And why was the poor mother so easily! condemned 5" " You would be shocked—you, an unmarried lady—if I told you the story. Sbe left him just after the boy was born. She fell from one degradation to another. He sent her J money a3 long as he could keep any trace of her. Poor, poor mau !" "Ana his friends took everything for gospel I that this man said ?" "He was an honest man. Why should he tell Mr. Bristowe a Lie ? I said it was to be I kept from poor Harry. It would only make him miserable. But there was no doubt about the truth of it—oh, none." " I tell you," cried Miss Bethune, " that there is every doubt of it. His mother was a'poor deceived girl that was abandoned, deserted, left to bear ber misery as she could." "Did you know bis mother?" said the patient, showing out of tho darkuess the gleam of eyes widened by astonishment. "It does nod matter," cried Miss Bethune. " I know this, that the marriage was in secret, and the boy was born in secret, and while she was ill and weak there came the news of some one coming that could leave her penniless, and for the sake of the money, the wretched money, this man took up the child in his arms out of her very bed and carried it away." The sick woman clutched the arm of the! other, who eat by her side, tragic and j passionate, the words coming from her lips like sob3. " Oh, my poor lady," she said, " if that is your story ! But it was not that. My husband, Mr. Bristowe, knew. He knew ail about Gordon from the begiuuing. It was no secret to him. He did not take the child away till the mother had gone, till he had tried every way to find her, even to bring her back. He was a merciful man. I knew hira, too. Oh, poor woman, poor woman, my heart breaks for that other you knew. She is like me, she is worse off than me, but the one you know was not Hairy's mother—oh, no. no— Harry's mother! If she is living it is—it is— in misery, and worse than misery." "He said," uttered a hoarse voice, breath less, out of the dimness; which nobody could have recognised for Miss Bethune's, " that you said there was no such woman." " I did—to comfort him, to make him believo that it was not true." "By a lie? And such a lie—a shameful lie, when you knew so different ! And how should any one believe now a word you say.?" "Oh, don't let her say such things to me, Miller, Miller," oried the patient with the cry of a sick child. "Madam," said the maid, "she's very bad, as you see, and you're making her every minute worse. You cau see it yourself. It's my duty to ask you to go away." Miss Bethune rose from the side of tho bed like a ghost, tall aud stern, and towering over the agitated, weeping woman, who lay back on the white pillows, holding out supplicating hands and {ranting for breath. She stood for a moment looking as if she would have taken1 her by the throat. Then she gave herself a j little shake and turned away. Once more the invalid clutched at her dross and drew her back. "Oh," she cried, "have mercy upon me! Don't go away—don't go away ! I will hear anything. Say what you like, but bring me Dora—bring me Dora— before I die." "Why should! bring you Dora? Me, to whom nobody brings . What 13 it to me if you live or if you die?" "Oh, bring me Dora—bring mo Dora?" the poor woman wailed, holding fast by her visitor's drasa. She flung herself half out of the bed, drawing towards her with all her little forco the unwilling, resistiug figure. "Oh, for the sake of all you wish for yourself, bring me Dora—Dora—before I die !" "What have you loft me to wish for?" oried the other woman, and she drew her skirts out of the patient's grasp. No more different being from that which entered an hour before by the long passages and etaireasc-s of the great hotel could have been than she who now repassed through them, looking neither to the right nor to the left—a woinau like a straight line of motion aud energy, as strong and stiff as iron, with ex pression banished from her face and elasticity from her figure. She went back by the same streets she had come by, making her way straight through the crowd, which seemed to yield before the strength of passion and pain that was in her. There was a singing in her ears and a buzzing in ber head, and her heart was in her breast as if it bad been turned to stone. Ob, she was not at her first shook of disappointment and despair. She had experienced it before, but never, she thought, in such terrible sort as now. She had so wrapped herself in this dream, which had been suggested to her by nothing but her own heart what she thought her instinct, a sudden flash of divination, the voice of nature. She bad felt sure of it the first glimpse she bad of him, before he had even told her his name. She had been sure that this time it was the voice of nature, that intuition of a mother which could not be de ceived. So many likenesses seemed to meet in Harry Gordon's face, so many circumstances to com bine in establishing the likelihood, at least, that this was he. South America, the very ideal place for an adventurer, aud the straDge fact that he had a mother living whom he did not know. A mother living! These words madea thrill of passion, of opposition, of un moved and immovable conviction, rush through all her vein3. A mother liviug ! Who could that be bub she? What would such a man oare—a man who had abandoned his wife at tho moment of a woman's greatest weakness and taken her child from her when s!;e was helpless to resist him—for the ruin of her reputation alter, lor fixing upon ber, among these who knew her not, the character o£ a profligate? Ho who had done the first, why .should he hesitate to say the last? The one thing cost him trouble, the other none. It was easier to believe that than to give up what she concluded with certainty was her last hope. Gilchrist, who had seen her coming, rushed downstairs to open the door for her. Hut Gilchrist at this moment was an enemy, the last person in the world iu whom her mistress would confide; Gilchrist, who had never believed in it, had refused to seo the likeness or to encourage any delusion. Shu was blind to the woman's imploring looks, her breathless "Oh, mem!" which was more than any question, and brushed passed her with the same iron rigidity of pose which had taken nil softness from her natural augularity. She walked straight into her bedroom, where she ' took off her bonnet before the glass without awaiting Gilchrist's ministrations, na,y, puttiug them -aside with a quick, impatient gesture. Then she went to her sitting-room and drew her chair into her favorite position near the window and took up the paper and began to read it with every appearance of intense interest. She had read it through every word as is the practice of lonely ladies before she went out, and she was profoundly conscious now of Gilchrist following her about, hovering behind her, and more anxious than words can say. .Miss Bethune was an hour or more occupied about that newspaper, of which she did not see a single word, and then she rose suddenly to her feet. " I cannot do it—I cannot do it!" she cried. "The woman has no claim on me. Most likely she's nothing but a fool that has spoilt everything for herself and more. Maybe it will not be good for Dora. Hut I cannot do it—I cannot do it. It's too strong for me. What ever comes of it she must seB the child—she must see her child before she passes away and is no more seen. And on, I wish—I wish that it was not her, but me !" 