THE LAUGHING JACKASS. Tho laughing jaoknss at tho Zoological Gardens is a broad low-comedy B'rt o! biid, who usually makes your atqudintieoo in a little gamo of Bpoof of his own. Ho knows that you havo oomo to the cogo to hear him laugh, bo ho won't do it. But in order to keep you thero iu txpeotanoy as long ca poEBiblo, he protends to have disoovered an enemj, or something to eat, or tbo ghost of somo othor jnokaaa, olose by. Ho atarea intently at nothing, and then turns round ouu ?uoycmrj .u uu -iu uiucc «iuo. au orouobea cautiously on hia perah and looks at it oornerwlsi. Ho organises an elaborate plan of Btrategy, and mukoa a beginning of approaching nothing on tip-too. Ho finds that it lai observed him, and forthwith dnoka hia head and looks out warily. It moves, and he folio it intontly with Mb eyes ; ho seems about to spring at nothing, and yoa beoomo molted ; when ho suddeoly let) it go and grina nt you, and you realise that you aro sold. Thelanghing jaokaMia not ndietinguiihed joker, like the raven. He 1b a very frantia sorb of buffoon ; ono who Imagines ho has h funny reputation to maintain, and who strains to maintain it at all hazards. Whioh is wly he bursts into hia demonaie laugh at certain rogular times of tho day — a habit whioh baa earned him tho unflattering nnmo of the ' Bottlera' Olcok.' Tho fsot ia, ho has been trying for hours, nnsuooassfuUy, to think of a joks, and laughs to make tho -world 'oeliovo that he bag tssAa It is Hotleeabla that with these fcirja laughing is hlghljf infaotioua. and that when, ono atarta tike teat jbtu at tinffo, eSoK trjltlg I to outwream the othera. Every individual is trying to olalm tho joko for himself. Personally, I inolino to tho belief that tho laughing- jaokass, as a tribe, has only one joko. Mutual admiration eoolotioo aro formed, and tho mombors toll oaoh other thia joko in turn, ond laugh urauimoujly. Tou may foe the system in operation hero. Oao bird will burst upon a fow friends with tho r.lr of a breathloss diaoovoror and a vast nuttibor of ohuckles. Ho tells tho anocstral .pic, in ooufldonco, to jaokasa the Boeond. Thon tho two faroam and ohoko with delirious laughter, and so forth — and fifth, aud sixth— till every jaokasa iB screaming for a nilnuto together, till tho rogular amount of mutual admiration has been esp'sded, and thoy atop sudloaly an d oiok their bcr.ka domuroly for tho appropriation j nf v!6'tora. j 