A CHRISTMAS JOUMEY. AND HOW WE SPENT OUR TIME ON IT. ; (From Once aMoxth,") Two days before Christmas, cold, blight ing winds blowing through every opening in that somewhat deaolate spot—Euston Station —in the early morning. The fires were burn ing none too brightly in the large, empty first-class waiting room; and one felt disposed to turn savagely on the incomers who let in .an additional draught, and only to accord them an inch or two of the hearthrug, where on I had taken as central a position as pos sible. Bvit recollecting that perhaps they might' prove to be fellow travellers in the same compartment during the long journey north, second thoughts, which are pro verbially the best,, came tome, so trying to subdue all evidence, in my tone of the fero-. 'city previously animating me, I remarked on1 the intense cold andits probable continuance.. ' Very seasonable, very brisk and exhila rating,' replied a cheery voice ; and turning my head as well as my throat-wrappings, would allow, I saw a small dapper individual in loose-great coat, with no comforter, and a thin rug slung lightly over his arm. : 'Going north, sir? My destination is Invqr-; ness.' Along day before us; we must look to the very small comforts allowed us. Have you travelled in the United States 1 People; are wiser there; get more for their money;, don't let the companies have it all their own ,-way. We are certainly taken whore we want to go to, and when you have said that, you have said all. I enjoy the cold when I can, take a brisk walk, with the frozen ground crackling under my feet; but, being a poor man, Icomplain of it, and I think justifiably, on such occasions as these, when my pocket tells me that a third-class fare is best suited to my finances. However, love of life speaks in louder tones, and tells me that if I go in that.way, I may expect to be taken out at my journey's end a frozen corpse.' Instructions, I informed him, had been given for foot warmers, which they were pre pared to renew at every stopping place; therefore if we did not get thoroughly perished before starting, we might hope to keep up our vitality. To insure this moro completely, I sallied forth to the refreshment counter to see what was to be had there. Worse and worse. The young ladies, who look so radiant in mid-day costume, had not emerged from curl-papers, small plaits, and dusting aprons. The match had only just been put to the bit: stove, where a tiny flame was flickering up through the mass of wood, coals, and cinders. 'Cup of coffee, sir 1 Just made ; but no milk yet, sir,' the damsel said, as she handed over a cup of scalding coffee, which, as I declined, she dashed down, letting the hot liquid pour over her fingers. 'Pity you did not say brandy at first,' she crossly added, smarting from the intense cold and tho scalding, no pleasant combina tion, T allow. I felt conscious of not looking my best in a large wide awake, three coats, muffler, and muffatees; but it is not agreeable to feel snubbed by the young ladv at. the I'tsfivsliiijuat-oouiuei', in her luuruiug cos tume; so, silently quaffing my sixpenny worth, I returned to tho draughty but more first-class waiting room. 'A'iie number of persons on the hearth-rug hsid increased; an elderly clergyman, a lady of mature years, my friend, in the loose great coat, and two others now occupied it. A few more were scattered through the room, evidently not 'first- class'passengers; but the utter dreari ness of the other waiting-rooms had driven them into ours. There was the poor woman with the baby and two little ones, a parrot in a cage, and the usual bandboxes tied up in a colored cotton handkerchief, a couple of ! bundles, rind most probably a wooden box corded outside. Poor thing ! she might as well have stayed in her own compartment, where at least the baby would have had the privilege of crying lustily; for she was too timid to come with, her little one to the fire, and she l:ioked evi dently distressed lest the baby, ignorant of the exclusiveneas of 1 first-class' accommoda tion should set up an uncompromising howl, and get them all turned out. One was brought to reflect involuntarily, 1 how people can manage for themselves, when tliey have to do it.' There was i»o doubt but that a civil porter—perhaps two— would relieve me of my light portmanteau and hat box, and see them safely deposited under the seat of the railway carriage. Who would help this poor woman and the little ones, left with the parrot and the bandboxes? One felt prompted to proffer one's services, only it would be ridiculous, quixotic, and, demonstratively philanthropical—plague the i woman, and help nobody ! - : The bell ringing furiously p"t an abrupt' stop to my musings, an'l an eaj r rush was: made to the carriages. One regretful glance; at the parrot, bandboxes, and babies, and: then 1 was fully occupied with securing the, most comfortable corner, and safely deposit ing my rVv/ belongings. A little delay, a -harp whistle, a snort from the engine, and ive were oil; leaving the bleak station to as sume, as the morning wore on, its daily as ject. Out of the station, by such light as smoky London and the wintry morning permitted, I oviewed my companions. Singularly enough, everal of the former occupants of the hearth ucr, v-"Iiom I had noticed, were together ' •igilipy.and the compartment was nearly full. Wife) would break ilio ice ? The voluble ggntlemai} in thejight.civorcoat..would not, I fancied, b.e silent- many momeats longer. It was too dark to read, and each held' hia morning paper as yet unopened. The lady of mature years unfastened her little reti ,c.ulfi,.fro.m_,wlHeh . she extracted some knit THT^ and was quickly at work. The 'clergy man had a small pile of magazines onYhia loiee, ceady to,absorb him at the first gleams "of light. The gentleman of somewhat grave aspect, seated in the far-corner seemed al ready about to compose himself for a nap. I was right in fancying, that' the' owner bf the liglit overcoat Would open the •fcoijvpn&-< tion. He recommenced, his dissertation 011 the advantages of .foreign .travel, expounding his views this timeto the elderly clergyman. By .degrees ilia lady, joined in. the:,conversa tion, giving her^piniens ,011 tbt} -j mat tor; so by the time each had grown communicativo, we were far out of London and its misty suburbs, and could notice villages and or chard, enclosures, all covered, with;'their snowy mantle. White flakes were beginning to fall.pretty heavily, darkening the atmos phere and making us put down our '"papers, which, during a lull intheeonversation, had been taken up. 'Iam more fortunate than you, gentle men,' remarked the lady, whose busy lingers hadnev'er cowed their"activity since starting. ' 1 have often advocated teaching boy a needlewoik. I feel certain you,will'each re'-1 gret not knowing knitting, nefting, or crochet, before you reach your several de stinations. I presume you are all non smokers. What is to become of you the long day through ? We don't stop till twelve, and it is now only ten. I trust -we may tind our thoughts pleasant enough to enable us to bear the 'odium of the journey.' ' If we each can say ' My mind to me a kingdom is,' ihe day. devoted to reflection, 111 iv not be altogether lost-,' and the pleasant face of the old clergyman wore a peaceful expression, that told private communings for him were fair—not many of the ghosts of former follies peeping at him through time's retrosnect. 'I would surest,' said the brisk looking gentleman, 'that wo all tell stories;, this is Christmas time. Seo it we cannot pro. tem, turn ourselves into a Christmas annual. Have we not each of us experienced in our lives something sufficiently interesting, tragic, sentimental, or comic, to dress up and produce in the form of a story—a life inci dent? Were it our good fortune to be in a lower-olass of life /and compartment, we might solace ourselves with continual con tributions from the traditional big basket; but I fancy none of us can produce more, at best, than a flask and sandwich case.' . Some of us looked blank at this unex pected proposal. The lady for the first time stayed her needles, and her work dropped on her lap. Her thought seemed to travel back, while over her face came a light shadow as if falling from the darknes ' of a grief in the far off past. ' I think I can tell you a story,,she said; 'but \ye had better announce the character . of, our tales, or weinay. each produce a ;.ghost, or- such a series of comi calities that -we shall'be exhausted by the too frequent demands on our risible organs. Mine, if I, being .the only. lady, have privi lege: to.speak, is.tragip—T hope you will not think'too mournfully so.' 'Well, ■ said • the brisk gentleman, I cau furnish the ghost, unless anyone else has one he desires;to introduce.' We—looked- at- the old clergy man;, what would be his contribution ? —-'-Well,'he said-'I am a poor storyteller. I will tellyou a simple life experience.' '■I shall-have to be prologue and appendix:,' I said,;' unless you kindly grant me thinking time. I candidly admit tlie truth of the'pro verb,'a foolish man's tongue outruns his discretion;' but my services .are yours as manager, editor and promoter. We will draw lots who shall begin.' I numbered four pieces of paper, and put them in my hat. All drew; number one coming to the ghost pro prietor. He arranged his light rug more comfortably over his knees, pushed his wide awake a little back on his head, and. without further delay began. ' Ladies and gentlemen—or, to be more correct, madam and gentlemen' — politely bowing to the lady inmate of-the carriage— ' I will not waste time that may probably be more divertingly spent in listening to other stories, by any digressions as to the popular belipf in ghosts—how they are supported by the few, denounced as contemptible impos tures by the-many— but simply relato the object of my present visit to London, which was to instruct my solicitor respecting ,1 con siderable fortune I shall become possessed of after a few formalities are gone through. I do not know whether I shall make pub lic 'the extraordinary manner in which it came to my knowledge that I was entitled to this property; but as I state to you, it was an experience—supernatural or not—that I my self realised. I merely beg you, if unbe lievers in visitants from the other world, to accept my statement as that of an honest and truthful man. I will call my story .NUMBER SIXTY-SIX, BEAUMONT STREET. I was an only child, my father a profes sional man, liked by all, but more particu larly by a band of associates of companions, who, though for the most part men of educa tion, were nearly all men of very slender means, and mostly bachelors. He was hos pitable, and there was ever a welcome for each at his table; and, even if at times some what threadbare coats were present, all thought of that was lost in the charm of argument, discussion, and interchange of wit and repartee. Childlike, I listened to them wonderingly, not liking them nearly ns much as others of ourfrienda who gave children's parties, and had pleasant gatherings to which I was some times bidden. As I said, nearly all were bachelors; but there was one gentleman who I had heard was married, and had children. This accounted, no doubt, for his noticing meas he did, and I on my side preferred him to any of my father's friends. He was, I presumed, moderately well oft', as his heavy watch chain and his big sealsalways attracted my childish attention. I once asked to have his children brought, but I learnt to my sor row flint- ponrly all tvpto dead; and nft*er a while the news came of the death of his last surviving one. When he came again, he asked that I might be permitted to visit him and his wife. My parents consented, and by degress I became quite a child of the house, my presence seem ing in some measure to fill the void created by their sad losses. His dear old wife til"-"™ T"P1cr'me'i me *3 her own: f«r many years at every holiday I went to them. Very pleasant were the days I spent, theatres, concerts, and most amusements of town were visited; besides which, they often had young visitors for me, though I was ever chief guest. Years flew on, and though called away or. business to distant placcs, on my return to town, I always called at 66 Beaumont-street, where my kind old friend wolcomed mo as over. The old gentleman was a book-worm, always peering round book-stalls, and it was generally believed that he spent a large por tion of his income on second-hand volumes. He had collected quite a library in this way, and I can see him now arriving with three or four of his treasures under his arm, and re-, member how, when tholamp was lighted and, the fire poked up, his dear old wife would: don her spectacles, and the evening would be j devoted to diving into their mystic contents. I had often heard it laughingly remarked, that some day I should inherit all the books, old furniture, and worldly belongings of my. kind friends. I married, and the various cares of busi ness, couplcd with narrow means, turned all my thoughts into other channels, though sometimes I used to tell my wife, when she was grumbling at tho state of our exchequer, that my old friends at No. G6 Beaumont street would-replenish it. But this waslittle move than a joke. I went to Canada, and had been absent about a year, when, on my return to London, I determined to call at No. 60. Traversing the well-known street, to my extreme plea sure, I saw my old mend coining towards me. I hurried up to him, but he evidently had. cot recognised me, as he passed quickly on among the crowd. I thought he was probably only taking his afternoon stroll: and I would go in and:H.tvn .i^hnt with his wifa, . .ond'We, would have a laugh with him on his return.. Another hundred yards brought me to No. GO. I looked up; the well-known dingy old house bore another aspect. Painted afresh; flowers and handsome curtains were to be seen. Ere I had time to ring the bell, a middle-aged woman, with a somewhat scared face, opened the door. ' What do you want, sir ?' she hurriedly a^ked, while she rudely, to my thinking, looked down the street. ' Is Mrs. Keith at home ?' I inquired. ' Mr. Keith is not,' I added, ' for I met him but ;i moment ago.' Tiiu woman clutched my arm convulsively, uid drew me in. Almost alarmed at her be havior, 1 followed her into the house. ' Did you see him, sir ? No ! Impossible ! he and his lady have been sleeping in their graves this year, to my knowledge.' . l.Cau.itLbe._tr.ue.T X . gasped. ' Dead—my kitid Triends "dead"!" ^Tell me all about it.' . ' Gonio.in, sir,' said the woman, as she led mOrialo.tlift.wBlUkno.wji.E.oom.. But, oh, how different!" Elegant and costly furniture ovcj'yjjJui1'^ thu walls stripped of the well known bookcases; the treasured T6nfes~air gone. She quickly recounted how Mrs Keith, to whom she had been nurse, died first; how, pitying* the lonely, heart-broken old man, she had asiteed to stay oi^'ri\l'ha (H3c|imeie concilcd to his loss. But nothing had" roused him. Friends called occasionally, but he did not care to sco them; often would not do SO. H ■ : > Vl ■ ! rV ' Your name, sir ?' tho womW asked. Oil my telhug her, she added, ' Yes, he spoke of. you, but knew you were away. I asked him if ho had any wishes,::but hfe"«Iways answered 'the same way, 'No; all's right;' "irtid in two nionthpvrwo. -laid, J^im. - besidft the 'mistress, and that is'ii year'.igo,' askI' said'. 'But, sir, as I am a living woman, I believe I • saw him pass the study window justiiow;and you say you mwlnm too !!': • •r ' Yos,"'I-Teplicd, 'itrid'bufc for'niy tlfiAlting | to have a laugh at him afterwards I would 'have stopped him. It was some singular re semblance; .theso things, occur, sometimes, and arc startling- foiv the moment;' but our 'sober sonses soon reassure us.' *" ' ' ^ : 'God oulji kuQWfl. sir. -lt's;;awful to-think 'on. I shall never forget this day.' < ' Nay,' I said, trying to. divert her atten tion, ' tell me. more: of tljem'.j How comes this house to be re-fumislied, and you hera'! • Who was his executor? and what did he leave?1 ' Tho house was let, aiid'rife. I lived' near." 1/ 'was engaged to take charge of itr, while tha family, who had taken the lease of it, were away. Everything was sold by public iauction. The furniture fetched a large sum; ■ the valuable lease was renewed; and the 'paintings came to' many hundreds. ' Money was found everywhere—poked behind shelves and drawers, and in little boxes in cupboards, but no wilL They p.ub advertisements in the ■ papers foi' next: of.kiri:,' butr though, friends called,-.ijp-oiie. came'^h'o.'.had,any ltsgfil alaim, and tlio Crown took all. You never knew'. ' who he was leaving things to, I suppose, sir ?' ' I understood,' I'-told her, that; I was-'tOT ' be heir to his effects. "But T "never thought him worth anything;'■ ' ' . ' ;• 'Qte"$ea-U• Moneiy-m icbnsol8;';r.:believe,)> everything would come to £4,000. It's a shocking pity, sir, I say, that folks as want so : badly can't have money of auch.ua- he.'; The Queen we know don't need it.'" ' W^s therd notsearoh fofi'a willfl'. I queried. ' Oh dea'r yes: 1 Every thing pulled to-pieces; books shaken; flooring taken up; but all to no purpose. There's an end of-itv-and. no one a penny fche:be.tteri'rr • : '... ' ; | (And an end, too, to my sometimes occur ring hope that I might be a few^huti'dre'ds the richer! What would the-wife say -when I told her ?) - - —---- ; I thanked the -woman, ^declinin^-1 to go through the house, r which, in its changed aspect, had no charm for me. '! I aslc^' hei^ for her address, saying I;, shpuld like to; have any little memento she might have of them, and that I would pay her for"it, "and then [ left, to return home. ' ' " '' After visiting the grave of my-old:friends,, and after a few days' consideration of the strange occurrence, the affair passed1 from' my memory. I was in buHness 'm th'e i country, and did noti.'reviSit.- thfe..- metropolis ■ for some time;'when,; .chancing to-be- in. the. neighborhood of London, I thought I would again pass the wellrremembored spot. I would j tell you that not & fecollection of the former I singular occurrence then returned tp me. I had mentioned it. at ■ home,, and ..' Papa's Ghost' was a joke soon laughed" out of memory., ' As I turned into the street and noaredUo. 66, I will own that a feeling of horror seized me—for there, as if coming to meet me,' was my old friend—ay, and at the very spot I ; had seen him before. So startled was I, that I let him pass, and mechanically walked on to the house. The people were at home ; sounds of music and voices were coming.from it. I gave it one glance,, and quickly re traced my steps, but all signs of the ghastly pedestrian had vanished. I returned tii my lodgings confused, and- doubting-my senses. ' I will traverse tlie ground,' I said to myself, ' till I knock all this nonsense out of my head.: I.must be :hankering for the money, or surely my fancy could never conjure up such a. vision.1. I recollected it was about the same.hour that I had been there, when I learned the death nf my friend. ' I will try to-morrow,' I thought, and I debated with myself whether I should take any one with me; but finally I decided on going alone, and keeping my foolish fancies to myself. With some tremor, I .again entered. Beau mont-street. and horror ! there again came my friend ! ' Courage,' I whispered to my self, as he approached me. My blood curdled as I looked at the stony eyes, and noticed the -white rigid fingers that grasped the walking stick. 'I follow;' I managed to whisper, as the figure passed in the same un observant way. I turned at once, while on before me went the apparently comfortably attired old gentleman. We passed through many streets, down turnings), and across some courts, the figuro never stopping for a moment. I do not know if people stared at us. I was too absorbed to notice anything. I do not even remember how we crossed the streets. On we went till we came to a little old book shop, with the books placed outside on a shutter. It was a poor display— pamphlets and very old worn books. Treasures, I daresay, were there; but to one like myself they did not present a single feature of attraction. I waited, and saw the figure place his stick be t.voon his knees, and reach over amongst a bundle of books with dirty holland covers— as ynu see school books covered. He selected one, and after a few moments laid it down, and, really, as I looked, passed from sight. Spell-bound, I hurried to the turning, which was close to the shop, but not a sign of any one like him. It occurred to me that I would go back to the stall, as if I were in my senses, I would know tl\c book again. There it was, picked out, lying just where ho had left it—the very book that to my certain knowledge had been in the middle of the parcel a few moments before. I scarcely dared touch it. I turned hurriedly to the title page, and there saw the name of my friend in his own well-known handwrit ing. A lad, minding the shop, seeing a pes sioio viiHUmier, came out, and i asKefl rhe price of the book I hold. He named a few pence. ' It contains the name of a friend,1 I remarked, ' and I should like to have it,' pointing to: the selected book. ' Hang it,' said the boy, ' if that there old thing uint lying out again. Did you put it there, sir V 'Certainly not; it looks of very little value. What do you mean V Why, sir, times and times have I found that book picked out from the parcel you see there, and lying on the others here in front. I never thought nothing of it at first, for no one ever looks at that; but finding it so often, I thought it queer, and have took notice. I have put it back again lota of times, and out again it comes. I fancied some old gent was making extracts from one of the pamphlets on the cheap, and in his hurry left ono of them out. Bi't it was queer, I thought, it should always.be the same one. My master says it's how the thieves get catched ; for thieving books is a trade, and some day we shall, nab him, and, sir, master would give him a talking to. Here he is.' And forth from the shop emerged a respectable looking middle-aged man. ' Look here, sir,' snid the boy, pointing to the book, ' I have been telling this gent about it.' 'Yes,' said the master, politely saluting me, ' it's singular. What my lad says is true. But it's a mean trick of some ono.' ' Really it is,' I said; ' the book seems of no value. I should like to look through a few of your books. I have purchased this one, as it bear3 a friend's name on the fly-leaf.' The shopman took it, and looking at it said :—' Yes; I bought it with the bundle ; it comes from at a sale in Beaumont-street. I have several, others with the same name; written inside.' ' Oh,' I said, ' as they ccrnc from my poor dead friend's house, I should likt. thum too. But I will leave this one till to-morr.iw about this time, when I shall have more leisure. Meanwhile replace the book in the bundle, and v.-n will seo if it is again abstracted. What's it s title T ' Some old technical work. That's why we fancied it was surreptitiously looked into and hurriedly dropped.' .' I will see you to-morrow,' I ~.:iid, and I left the shop. I took noto of the strcsot, but it was v.itli difficulty I found my way into the busy thoroughfares, where the bustle of lire seemed so little in keeping with. , this mystery that I began to asfc myself if I;: were "reaming. I proceeded at once the ; office of a. friendjija solicitor of some note, to: ' wliom I related the whole afhir, askinghim his opinion as to whether I was the victim of somp hallucination, or whether it might be anything worth following up. 'It's strange enough,' he replied. 'We will go together to the book-stall, and if the>e is a mystery we will unravel it.' At the same hour on- the following day I , again traversed Beaumont-street ; but no j gliostf walked there. My friend met me at | the corner, and inquired if I had a^ain en- j countered the spectre. On my replying in the negative, he said, ' Its mission is ful filled ; it has entered into its eternal rest. We -inusb! \vo ?k T-it/To ut.' A quarter of an hour's walk brought us to the shop, where .the civil proprietor awaited us. 1 The book remains in "statu quo," he said, as hq draw.fit, put from .'amongst the others. '• ' Well,' said I. ' I will give you your price for it, as . kind of history is attached to it. What do you ask ?' .. .. 1 You may have it for nothing, sir. I have been. tlviiiking, .if. ifcis taken.away, the person who'uses it for reference may be detected, as .he will be fu .nbling in the packet, and wo may catch him. He picks it out in a moment, and-then throv,\s;it down. ; /l^ake it and. welcome, sir ; I shall thank you if I get him.' My friend made a few purchases, and then took up the book for examination. r, , It'was; as I said, a technical ,wqrk, merely useful' for reference. He turned to the "cover,-rfor^underneath the stitches .that held the; canvass together was evidently s.mie -paper—not the cover of the book. Cutting khe stitches with his penknife lie pulled oft the cover, and disclosed another cover, of /neatly] written paper. Unfolding it, lie ex claimed, ' Here is a'Will!' and: th'ere^'stood ;th6 words in the neat. handwri.ti>|g.,,of Mr. Keith, This is iny Iasfc .VV.ill. and.Testament' and' oh,, in the . usual , foxm,; (came the clauses by which, he loft everything'; to me, with tho exception of a, fe\y legacies, of {small amount to friends.1 The lawyer read it through. 'Perfectly correct and duly attested—no- (law, no error.-'-All that was necessary was to bring it before the Crown -:Solicitor in- due course. We explained the •affair partly to the owner of, tHe book-stall, , who said we were.at liberty (tp eaU[,.p4 him for any'testimony requisite. •• Since then I have. walked~at ajl hours down Beaumont-street ; but beyond' the ordinary passers by, nothing was to be /r et with. Now, ; madam.and gentlemen, my.story is ended ; and in a fewweelcs I shall be possessed of the fortune of my old friends.'; ' ' ' Every, ono had listened with breathless . attention to-the story, and - aj sigh, olj-'.relief escaped his auditors. • The narrator, had told ■ it;in his quick, brisk tones, not a,t,t^^pting, by_.yoice.or manner,, to, bestow;. tany-coloring on the tale ; and this tended, to give it an air of. reality positively startling.-- Nq one offered to argue,,or to refute a syllable'; and really our disbelief- in ghostly visitants was somewhat shaken. '• Thanks,' came from .all : sides ; and referenco to our w.itches showed that more than an hour passed quickly and pleasantly away. As manager,.J-,nextnpalled -on the clergyman,- -as.-.; holding-, slip number •two.... Without dolay.he began:—■< £>.;«» ' I fear I shall not be able to rivet your , attention, as our. friend has done, for I think we all went through the various phases of surprise and horror -he > himself - experienced. I. will call my story _ A'LIFE-SKETCH. . Many, very many, y eai*,.ago,;.for Ivsjn fin old man now, i.;«ias .appoiutgdbr curate! to a busy, populous parish rie'ar.oL'ritidbnV' ■'■It was not in a fashionable .quarter^ nor was tho cure a light one. , The: church was mostly ,fille(Lby a congregation of the very poor, and only, a few pewsJcdntaine.d respectable- shop keepers of tb^lonrec grade. f ,did^'tio£'think a carriage ever set down, its occupants at our door. I recpHeci the morning I was;: first called upon to officiate, on my natural glance round the church, a slight feeling of regret, and if I may use the word, repugnance, crossed me ; for in my rapid scan of the faces before me, thero was nut. one, I thought, whose look responded in unison to the high hopes heating in my own breast. But soon the disappointment was lost, and the soothing and gracious utterances of our sacred X/iturgy dispelled nil wandering thoughts, and when I entered the pulpit to ■preach -my first sermon, I felt I justly deserved rebuke for my inward murmurings. How wide a field lay before me ; how vast my opportunities for benefiting my fellow crp.atures ! Sometimes I think that that was the most eloquent sermon I ever preached. A few Sundays passed, and,.the looks of my congregation had become familiar to me. I found I had no need to fear that I preached to dull ears. Thero were faces too, now well-known to me, some ivan ' with poverty and sickness, that always brightened at my words. The rector, being in ill-health,-was frequently away, so that evorything fell on . my shoulders, and, busy with visiting and the numerous services, I hardly remembered, as the days flew by, how strangely alone I was, and had almost forgotten the need of societv. Variety has its charms for youth ; and I was entering on a different phase of existence to that I had passed with my few refined and intimate friends at college, men of culture and high attainments. I mention all this, I suppose I must admit, as a palliative or excuse for what is to come. One Easier morning, when our church was decked with sweet spring blossoms, that brightened up the old edifice beyond beliof. I had a little leisure, having the assistance of a college friend in the duty. It was while the Easter hymn was [being given out, and the organ symphony played, that a new comer caught my glance ; for I am afraid I must own to tho habit of watching my con gregation. In a corner of the gallery, seated in a pew hitherto always empty, was a young girl. The soft light from the painted window fell full on her. Along the edge of the gallery pew3 they had arranged moss and ferns, with bunches of primroses, violets, and! snow drops. The fair face looked so strangely in keeping with their fresh loveliness that I ceased to wonder who the stranger could be, and only marvelled at the extraordinary fitness of her surroundings. She was there again at afternoon service, and I thought I could hear a clcar young voice joining in the melodies of our Easter hymns. During the week that followed, how often did that face rise before my mental view ! It hunted me, as we are sometimes haunted by the linger ing memory ui some sweut peiiuino. The following Sunday, I must confess, my first glance was at the gallery pew ; and there again was the same girlish occupant. Sun days passed and I became familiar with the regular appearanco of this girl, the fairast of my flock. I tried to ascertain who alio was, or where she lived, but without success ; I began to scan each turning and roadway, hop ing I might meet her. At last I took courage, and thought I would oxtract what knowledge might be possessed by my sharp-eyed and active pew-opener. X inquired tho names of various sent holders unknown to me, and then very cun ningly, as I thought, asked who was tho occu pant of the gallery pew. lly diplomacy was nowhere. The woman's look told me, in a moment, that she was quite as aware as my self of my total indifference to the owners of tho various seats I had mentioned ; but that I was anything but indifferent to her answer about the one I had mentioned last. 'I do not know, sir,' she replied: 'a strange lady. She liked the seat, and re quested to bo given it again ; she must be staying in the parish, as she comes so often'; and with a curtsey the wom.~,n withdrew. But I knc.v my sccrct had slipped from my safe keeping. That young woman began to haunt my dreams, and soon crept into the realities of every day. Twice after I met her walking, and found she was staying with an elderly couplc who resided in one of the best houses in the neighborhood. Cut, to my regret, they did net attend the church. As I afterwards learned, they attended the Vesleyan Chapel. Three months passed, and I got no nearer to an introduction than at first, when one day a list of the cotmning week's sorviceo was put into my hand—c'hurchintrs, wed ding:-, and christenings— plenty to do. J ust glancing over them, I settled my work to meet, them and thought no more about it; but, coming into church one morning, I saw that some unusual arrangements were being made, as if for a wedding on a larger scale than those I generally solemnised. Mrs. La\vi3, the pew-opener, was there, busy ; and the pews were filled with many ladies—lookers on, I supposed. I had taken up my placa inside the altar rails, awaiting the bride. The bridegroom with his attendant friend stood before me. He was young, handsome, and particularly gentlemanly-looking, but some \r]sat.;<Jolicat6wX' Uiou«ht; a,nd: in my heart I desired for ltim health and length'of duys, sun ply.from the in pulse one-feels' from inte rest niomentarih' aroused.; Presently the bride canie up,, leaning on lier relation's arm, and enveloped in a snowy veil that shrouded her figure. But my heart stood still, and for a moment I "rasped the rail for support. She who stood before me, about to flight her loving troth to another, was she„who. for weeks had lived in my thoughts—and with whom I begun to asso ciate a future, into which . entered a cdsy [Rectory in far away Devon— a home nook 'sheltered iri/" loveliness; and all the 'happy jjoyous incidents of new happiness in an 'earthly paradise. . . . . . j I prayed widly for strength, and bv a. [superhuman effy^t compelled myself to pro-, [ceed with the service, which I got through jt.o nil outward seeming, with due propriety. iWhen we reached the vestry, the usual for malities .were, gone, through, and I learned i'her name was Madeleine Vaughan—now Mrs. |Craufurd. | I wished them all happiness, as seemed to jbe expected. For there was a merry party ; •bright yoang girl bridesmaids, happiness and jmirth pervading all. The bride timidly held ioutherhandto me,andfora momentl grasped 'it; then she turned, with loving smile, to jtake the arm of her young husband, i My iiead sank on my hands when the last ;of the wedding party left the vestry. In a (moment the bright fabric of. a vision had jcrumbled at my;feet! vi do not know how rlong.Xrremained I there. .1 had a-dinr oonr jsciousneas some one entered, and.softly re tired ; but when I rose to go, the old church i wore,the s.tillness.of. the grave.. I passed out f unheeding into the dull streets. ' How (different the ideality of existence from .its .■reality ! The poor, squalid, common streets {seemed that day to wear their most repulsive jgarb. The want and poverty around me ; struck me with greater force than ever. . . Weeks and months passed, and all went i on as before, rdid not spare myself, and T , found solace in the consciousness that no 1 work was left undone. Life was a sadder j affair, I thought, than I looked forward ' to y ',and few friends, who had come to see" me, j talked of my requiring change, and,.at length,. : insisted on my takiiig: itV "A former college ' friend invited me to his country parish, pro ; mising to look after mine. His home was on i a breezy hill side, and I felt invigorated the j very first morning. j I had ]bqen there about a week, when-I i heard there-was to be a christening from one ' of the families of tho better class. I heard, | a good deal of talk concerning it; and, at: .length, I grew interested, with others, about , an event which was of such frequent occur ; rence in my own cro.wded parish. j The pretty church Was filled. SeryiceVover, ; I went forward to the front, round-'which . were grouped the parents and sponsors. I ; felt the blood recede from my heart, and flow ; back with quickened pulsation. The little j one about to be christened, was the child of iMa&eleinfr;'Graufurd! : - 'l:; - One glance told me the soft girl face was i the same as ever. A holy light of mother • hood Reamed on -it,- .-otherjvisp.'itc.ywasun-i ;changed. Her husband was looking better | than at his marriage, and, when I met them j afterwards in the vestry, he told me was i stronger than helhadbeen- then.-i^They had j recognised me, and were delighted at the 'coincidence of my marrying them, and j christening—the-baby:—-I—-learned' that - the I mother of Mr. Craufurd lived in the parish, | and they had come to her house for the bap I tism. I trust I coveted no man's possessions; .but, on my return to town,' my • landlady said jmy countfy visits had done me no eood and !l had far better have stayed at home and let ,her nurse me. | The nest year J. took no; change., s I settled ;down to my work with the fixed resolution ithat nothing should induce me to leave it. 'The dull dreary streets were suited to me and ;I to them.-Elowers. and - the beauties of •.nature, were-as- apart from my existence in •my sombre surroundings, as were the faint ; fleeting thoughts of exquisittrhbme life from mv lonel v evnp.riflnfie. I believe there could be no change ; .when <one morning's post brought me word I was appointed rector of a country parish in Devonshire. Long away, in my childhood, I had visited there, and I thotiglit ..the.7 place was an earthly paradise. But;somehow, .1 .felt regret at leaving all my poor. My land lady, between tears and smiles, scolded me when I said I was sorry to go, and said, ' Oh, , sir, I have heard of prisoners hugging their I chains ; surely you are like them, to grieve : for leaving here.' Well, the last Sunday came ; and I bade adieu to my humble listeners, and gavo a : farewell glance at the.gallery pevvv The uext. day saw mo installed in my new home. My ; housekeeper came to me a day or to after my ; arrival with a very distressed face. ; "Oh, sir,she said, J' I'm so grieved your first service is a funeral. I sent to your neighboring clergyman to take the duty, : but he is from home.' ' . I told her we must not regret it ; it would bo a warning, here on the threshold of my future home, not to count too; surely on earthly happiness. It seemed -as if I were, entering on a new life ; perhaps.1 had but a, glimpse of the one before me. 'Ay,: sir,'she replied,, the poor young gentleman you had to bury had but that; his pretty home, his sweep young wife and baby boy, all had to bo given up. lie was never" strong, but he got cold, and a decline:carried him off in six weeks. The funeral is at threej: I mused a little after she had left me ; but soon the solemn bell tolled out, and I hastened to the church. I had not glanced at the mourners till we stood by the open grave....A alight girl bitterly weeping waa before me. I need nought to tell mo it was the bridoifind fairyoung mother with whoose face I was so familiar. • How, strange that fate so -worked it, that I should be connected with each, important event of hur life ! I do not think she recognised me then ; she was too sorrow-stricken ; but time, which softens all grief, was not less merciful to her. A fair Easter morn dawned for me again. My eyes turned once move toa sweet occupant of a flower-adorned pew, knowing her t.o be my affianced wife ; and I think my dreams of earthly happiness were not too rose-tinted ed for the reality, which almost exceeded them. My kind listeners, my tale is done.' It was with unanimous expressions of thanks and pleasure we all turned to our aged companion, whose charming life incidenthad riveted our-attention. We now discovered that the time had slipped away so quickly, in the pleasant expedient we had resorted to, that in a very few minutes we should reach our first stopping-place ; there fore we decided we would wait for our next contribution till after we had resumed our journey. So wo filled up tho intervening half hour with idle chit-chat. We had the usual scramble for lunch ; but I managed to come across the baby, the parrot, and the bandboxes, and had the pleasure of regailing the little ones with buns and spenge cukes, and bringing a ray of brightness into the face of tho tired mother. We found ourselves again comfortably in stilled in our carriage, no strangers coming to mar the social feeling that had grown up between us. Renewed foot- warmers and the inner man refreshed completed our creature comforts, and left us all in a pleasant frame of mind for the continuance of our-stories. -The gentleman who held number three had promised us a.demon story ; 'out he-said, for the sake of the lady's nerves—and being a doctor,, he knew something of them, he. would recall instead an early reminiscence. 'I think,' he added,' the very palpable ghost we have been introduced to will be sufticient for our dreams to-night, without my demon intruding his unwelcome presence - into' them. THE DOCTOR'S STORY. ! I will therefore give you an experience of my early life ; for though I meet many men, and see very varied phases of poor humanity,, into which tragedy and comedy, the grave and the gay, the romantic and the prosaic, j are curiously blended, they belong to mv! patients, and it might be a slight breach of| trust to reveal them even in story form. This slight episode concerned myself in the i end so nearly, that is my own to do as I like I with. i I ccmmenccd ray practical student life at! oue of the larger hospitals, at a somewhat' early age, with the prospect of hard work,! and a long uphill journey to that coveted, goal—a lucrative practice. I had passed through several sessions,and got my appoint-, ment as assistant to tlic yomu; liour..e surgeon " pro tem." We had some night vork. usually ; but we varied the tedium of the long watches by pleasant parties in the young surgeon's rooms, where light, laughter and the merry jest formed a contrast to the darkened ward and the low moan of the Euilerers. It needs the elasticity of youth, with a brave heart, to meet without being too dejected and unnerved the sad round of sufferings and sorrows ; and the light wild^ life sometimes led by students is a kind of re-action after the shrinking endurance, or high pressure tension, of the nerves. I think we should deal leniently with our rising medicos, and give the benefit of the doubt to some of their wilder exploits. It was a winter night: the sno\y lny deep, on house top and gloomy square. The bitter cold penetrated every vestibule and passage, as we.passed.from-ward- to. wardon.-our.iist round; seeing that each patiei't was as com fortable for the riighfc as 1 circumstances per mitted, and that due instruction was given to the night-n ur s§s and sisters. We songraiu lated ourselves that our comfortable quarters in tho.red curtaineiparlor, were likely to be free from interruption for this night at least, and ouc good'supper and roaring fire looked particularly inviting. ' Come,, Henshanv,get into your slippers and that easy chair. I fancy ail wise folks ace at home, and the snow is falling so heavily, that those who get a tumble will come down softly, and .not need our services for their broken bones to-night. So we will enjoy ourselves.' , A few hours passed, and we prepared to retire. Suddenly a loud clanging of the porter's bell caused us to suspend our candle lighting. 'I will go,' said I; 'a tipsy cab man got a tumble, most likely. Really they make our accident jyard a kind of police cell with these-night cases. I think we should have a genuine lock-up for the false alarms.' Our bell ,rangt find; we hurried forward to'see the case just taken in. " A policeman-, the cabman, and the:porterv with a sister, were laying tenderly dowii a man's inanimate form. 1 Not much to do, sir ! I fancy he is gone, poor fellow. I found him lying in one of the railway arches; arid as he "had a wound on the torn pie, I thought perhaps it was some foul play, and he needed a doctor's care. It's not intoxication, sir,' explained the police man, ' No, my man ! a few glasses would have had a different effect here, I fancy,' replied the doctor; '' but he is not gone, and this •blow is of-little consequence. rLa^him be placed in bed and iilP restoratives .tHed. •Watch the case, Henshaw, and call me the moment he seems coming round. I fancy he is dying from cold and want, poor fellow ; he looks as if they had been his companions for many a long day. lie has-been a hand some man; and a gentleman, 1 suspect, not a common tramn.' : '" He scerncd right in his conclusion. There was an air of refinement about face and form not always pertaining to out-patients ; and I felt;an interest aroused that;did away with all regrets for creature comforts. Slowly crept ,B'ack to the. poor-thin Jace the faint evidence of reviving liffeJ;'~'bUt the heavy lida with their long fringed lashes remained "closed, and all our exertions only resulted in keening, the flickering flame: £rom totally extinguished! I watched on, quietly wetting the parted lips with brandy, with my fingers clasped on ihiMp.ulse: At length I detected.a'somewhat quickened movement of it. I bent quickly down to him, and I saw the lips move, as though one single word had been spoken. As "'if its silent utterance availed far more than our skill, the feeble flow of life set in, and to my light grasp came slowly but with regular precision the faint beat of renewed life. - . Mr Wall'er the house surgeon, came at once on being summoned, .and, after some further restoratives' were - ^minis tered, he pronounced him out of danger for the night ; but, he added, ' I fear we have only recalled him from a dreamless unconsciousness^ bf his earthly troubles to their full reality, and again to feel the bitter ness of life. I do not think anything can possibly save him, but the morning will allow a fuller examination. Poor fellow,' he continued, 'a little while ago he must have looked for a difierent endin? to life than a lonely death-bed in an hospital accident ward !' ' .Tbeman's face haunted me for that night, and.seemed, to enter my dreams; for though ■very sad ones scarcely come to n merry hearted medical student, I remember as the shifting phases of mine passed before me, our poor JIo. 42, in the accident ward, ap peared and re-appeared in them; so that, on -waking, my first thought was of him, and if he had passed the night well.. On seeing him, I-found the man a little better, but so terribly bad that we could not hear what his lips feebly attempted to tell us, and he re mained in this state for some days. One morning, on going to him, I saw he was stronger,-and.with his pleasant smile'-he moved his hand.a3 if he desired to take mine. • I clasped it firmly. Saying, ' We shall pull .you throngh yet; courage, for a little longer.' | He shook his he::d. '!No, no !' he ex-I iclaimed, in a soft refined voice. 'I fancy, 1 j with every advantage, my chance of life is at \its lowest; but I. don't desire it. It was a ipity the policeman found me. I had' ended • all my cares in this world that night. I i knew it when I sank down in the cold under i the arch, too feeble to even .desire help.- It : was a.pity to come back !' • i ' But your friends''' I answered. 'Cau l : do anything for you ? Do you not wish-them ;sent for?' liNo, better not! I shall not .be more "dead to them tlian when I am lying in my name less pauper's grave, than I am' now.' I tried my utmost; but with all his gentle ness he was firm, and we could get no clue to his identity.' . He was comparatively voting— thirty-seven or thirty-eight, I should say— now that lie was clothed and fresh, one could, see that he had been singularly hand some, and he possessed a charm and ease of manner I never saw equalled. We talked of many things. He had travelled everywhere; he told rcuch-of his roving life, but not a syllable of his own personal history. I often ■ went to see him, and to express the interest I felt in liim would be impossible. That his : days—nay his hours—were numbered, waB : evident to all; and our senior tiurgeon—a re markably humane man—tried to elicit some information that would enable us to make some communication to his friends; but to no purpose. The quiet smile put all questions aside. ' The parish authorities will see to all my small requirements,' he used to say. ' I should, I fancy, feel it, if my friends dropped their idle false tears on my coffin; and yet,' he added, one night, when I had been urging him to speak, ' porhaps one might regret me, if she knew all I had suffered for her sake. I I fancy the recollection ot the bright, brief day cf long ago, would cause some tears to flow. Rut false, false, ns all else N<\ 1"V mo in my pauper grave. Docs it matter,' he asked, 1 when we reach this point, whether life has been rose-hued, or deeply shadowed1! Our sleep will bo as sound, our rest as com plete, tinder either aspect. What more do we want ? Word tvas sent to me, soon after, that he was sinking fast, and I hurried to him. I held up his head, and he opened Iue eyes and smiled. ' Have you no wish,' I said, ' even now V ' No,'he replied; ' could I have told you all, I would perhaps have sent a message that my last words, when we parted, were no false assurance that her name should be uttered with my dying breath, and found written on my heart when its last pulsation is over. God bless.you 5: A blighted.life, a mistaken exist ence ends to-night; but I love her to the last, as I did in the sweet long ago, my darling, my beautiful! Madeline! I coma Madeline !' and with the softest of sighs ho passed away. No clue nor trace was found—nothing that could lead to his identification. Only I dis covered afterwards there.was tattooed about the region of the heart in the sailors' blue ink, the name, Madeline Fane. I.could not account to myself for the strong interest with which he had inspired me. I felt that I f-hould miss the quiet, voice and sweet sad I smile.when I went my usual rounds. Out. of my own .means I paid for the funeral; for somehow or other I could not bear the idea l of his being buried, like a common -piVjpur; I was laughed at for what was termed my sen- | timentalisn, but I adhered to my intention.-| In a quiet churchyard, juat out of London,. he was laid to rest; a. small cross with ' In J Memoriam'simply written on-it; marked his grave. I visited the.spot -sometimes on a;! summer's evening, always.wit'a interest; nndil sort of affection as if it.hold, a. friend: . Years passed.-- My- Int. %va» not a brilliant! one. I had not found a royal road to-for-: -tune, and things wore a somewhat sombre; aspect. One night I was t-urig out of bed.to come hurriedly to see a lady-who was thought1 to be dying, and on ranching the house. I! found it to be the Veiidence of a lady of whom I had heard a little from my poorer patients. She was reported to bo very rich, but somewhat singular. The house inside, though of gloomy ex lCo.i!inuc.l on 1'a-jc ?.} . — ■ IV 11 t orior," was well" appointedv'witlr evidencea uf wqjlth.'eyerywhere.. I On reaching the bedroom Ifound a lady of mature ye.irs just recovering from a severe fainting-attack. I noticea she'must have been of remarkable beauty in her youth ; but sqrrow and illness had evidently left their marts on ; her..: I rendered all professional assistance, and she seemed pleased, and said, *1 Will you call on me to-morrow'! Your ^osto^^Kes He.em..more effective than many I have, tried;,piese, sudden. .attacks,. though'. t!hey,,dt)n't alarm me,': she. added with; a; soft Smile,! ' alarmhny' attendant's,'''and* I should? BkVa')ni^icftl-m^-yrh<>m:'^:^eK' ooijfidience: fti, and' word 6f your ,skill has reaie^ed.^riie' from many sources.' ' J I acquiesced of-course, and called the next day. I found she was a Miss Fane, a banker's only daughter, who had .inherited-her father's wealth. Rwmor said, she'hadisteadily refused Offers of the highest rank-, for shehad-beauty Itjs' well- as wealth. She had come to reside alone with her s'ervants in this large, mansion f^ome years before, but received no visitors. She seemed to take a strange liking, to me. $he said she felt as if I were an old- friend,: and with my too many hours of leisure I spent much time with her ; but," I saw, what she evidently knew well, that her tenure of life was slender. One afternoon, she said, 'The time was doctor, fflien scores of admiring friends would have grieved at my loss; now, I Question if one will shed a tear over the grave of Madeline Fane.' I started ; Madeline Fane — tlie name uttered by the dying lips of my hospital accident ward patient—the name I had seen marked on hisbreast. Surely there could be no connection between.that solitary outcast and this dainty lady ! : She noticed my start of surprise,, which had been too sudden for restraint. ' Have you heard my name before?' she asked. 'Pardon my noticing your astonishment.' ; 'It may be, I may find a clue to a story long hidden away,' I answered. 'Your Christian name, coupled with your name of Fane, certainly startled me, for it recalled an incident of ,my student life, long since, and well nigh forgotten ; so much so, that your :name, not being an uncommon one, did not . recall it before to me.' ' No,' she said, shading her soft face with her thin ha ad, 'there is nothing unusual in the name; but would you, doctor, object to indulge my curiosity 1 I will in return tell you.ths secret of my life,and why the flattered Madeline Fane is now alonely woman, sinking into her tomb without a friend's assistance, or loving hands to close her eyes.' ■ ' Most gladily I will,' I said ; 'for I feel as if I were executing a trust bequeathed to me many years ago.' I . ' So I related the story I have told you. I | saw one white hand pass to her eyes, as the | other grasped with tightening fingers the arm of her easy chair, and lartje heavy tears fell silently. I knew that the broken links of the chain so long severed were reunited, and turn ing and pressing my hand, Madeline Fane thanked me again and again for what was but a simple imputae of good nature to a lonely stranger. 'It is many years ago,' she said after a pause of some moments, ' since the name of Herbert Warburton passed my lips. I was the only child of a wealthy banker, and he came as a new cleric to the bank. It was my .father's custom to invite his clerks to various assemblies at our house, and often with a frequency that was most unusual. He prided himself on having only gentlemen in his employ, and indeed to thafc title no one could lay a better claim than Mr. Warburton. We loved each otl er, he, with a love that has lasted till death. I f:mcy my father would not have opposed our union but for the events that ensued. : 'Some discrepancies began to be found in the bank books tliat baffled all investigation, and, at last, a very large sum was abstracted, besides valuable deeds; and a piece of marked money being found in his desk, he was accused. Though appearances were against him, there was not convicting evidence, and eventually, the matter was hushed up. But he was dismissed with disgrace, and his haughty repudiation of the accusation did not help him, for they said it only showed him to be a more hardened villain. My father, who had some idea of how things were, bade me never mention his name again. ,' One night, I was walking in our shrub beries, my heart heavy with grief and long ing, when I suddenly heard a crackling noise beside me. The next moment he sprang over the paling. I drew back some what haughtily and he noticed it. . ' Do you, too, believe it V he 'said. ' I would not ask you to consider yourself bound by any words that may have passed between us, but some day it will be made clear. I shall love you'always, and, when I die, your name shall be the one I shall utter with my passing breath, and it will be written pn my heart—the only evidence of my love. Now, Heave home, friends, hope, and love behind me. I will not even touch your hand in farewell, but yet, in death, we may not be divided.' ' One deep sob, and he was gone, and I fell senseless on the damp grass. ' Years have passed. The truth came out ; the oldest, and most trusted clerk, on his death-bed, confessed all—that it was he who put the marked money in Herbert \Varburton's desk. In death we may not be divided. Dear Dr. Henshaiv, will you take me to the little country churchyard, where the sunset gilds the lonely grave, and, when all is over, lay me there by his side. With my last effort I will go to the spot. Do not jtliwart me in this—my only desire. One by 'one. friends havo died, and I never cared to make new ones. Will you be my only one, as you were his 1' . Of course all her wishes were carried out. I feared her strength would hardly be equal to the journey and excitement, but some Btringe sesolution kept her up. Wo went together to the grave. It was evening, and a glorious sunset lighted up the pretty churchyard, and rested lovingly on the spot. She sank on her knees, and clung to the white cross, kissing it again and again. After a while she leb mc lead her home. Gathering a bunch of flowers growing on the grave, ' place them in my coffin,' she said, and with one yearning look 9he left the. spot. That night, the summons came ; and raising the bunch of grave-flowers to her lips, she passed away with the most heavenly smile I ever saw on mortal's face. She told me there were written directions she wished carried out, which I saw to. They were buried side by side, I the only liiouniur, as I had bcun in the far oil time. The initials of both were incribed on the cross, and undcrn 3.1th was written: 'I11 death they were not divided.' It was directed to communicate with her solicitor, and to my great surprise she left the whole of her large fortune to me, after providing handsomely for her servants. I need hardly add, success meets with success. Practice and patients set in, and fortune, that seemed so coy. showered her favors on me with no sparing hand.' . Again our thanks wore profuse. Our stories had deepened in interest. No. 4 being held by our lady companion we, as in gallantry bound, begged her, if fatigued, not to exert herself for our gratification ; Vut she said, ' Though I ncsitate to compete with the delighttul stories we have been favored with, I most willingly contributemy quota to the day's amusement. So without further preamble, I will com mence. THF, OT/D ATATD'S TAT7E. Many years ago I was a bright ynung girl, vrhoso life opjned out joyously before her. I was merry and gay, and no shadow had ,fallen across my path till I reached seven teen, when my father Inst hia fortune by speculation, and all our prospects were flighted, The ruin was complete, a para lytic seizure preventing all chance of retriev ing his fortunes. There seemed nothing for jme but to fight my own battle, and, as little ! was open to girls in those days, I Bought a ]governess's engagement. i I was so young that mammas feared to I entrust their growing daughters to me, i thinking, perhaps, I might enjoy fun and i frolic as well as my charges; so a nursery engagement, was all I could secure,, and the younger members of a large family were entrusted to'my care. It was at a large old manor- in Westmoreland. .They were a numerous family ; from growing girls just entering womanhood, down to the toddling tilings that fell.to-my charge. The locality was charming in summer ; bat when autumn was ended, the dreary bleakness was grue some, and one seemed shut in from all intercourse with others. I was too light hearted, -to have my spirits sobered by my surroundings, but I was romantic, and I used to think it a fitting spot for tragedy, at least for gliosis or goblins. My employer was kind and genial, and -treated- liio^vs-jv member .at the.'.family ; '.but,/, beingonly connected wUJi its junior branches, I did-Tna-ny-little-ofliees,- and- was asked-todo - bheni, where a governess of a higher grade would not have been called upon. There >vere grown sous_.just entering life,' and tAvo daughters—Amy and Sara. Amy, I think, was the gentlest and sweetest creature it was possible to see—a soft, flower-like girl, whom it seemed as if V rough word or toucll'would. wither. Ono Christmas time we were as sembled, a merry party that, only needed the arrival „q£r.Hugh, the eldest ijon, and a friend' of' his, to complete it. tLugh bad .written lip^iQ^.praisingJus friend true hi& sejiioL-j, au^.Jhfeyoup^Jeilp^hoiigl^jhim possessed of every ^op^Tgiffc; so there' was Sorne,euviosity to see. him. I recollect the ijoom, brilliant.iwitlhfire/lli^n -frpm flaming l,ogs, and soft.wax holly withrits gleiuuipg riberjlo^. and. oomforb:evcrywhere„"il farid: mycbiire'e flifctie. charges occupied seats at a side table.^. SBhey« w^re engrossed'in loblniig ai:;picttn;esj wliile T sat idly ' by.' ,The.,.bell hacl Anrioyncefi', iin'' tirrival, and in a fe\V seconds there were the merry sounds ,of welcome. '•'Hughintroduced his friend-7-T'rederick Winf^taniyj' • ;I noticed' tl¥e*'surprise 0117 each1 facejat\tlid. extraordinary'beauty'of.0e young,vnan;.^Wt,• wbttb:!,could UQt'but fttiiniraatj ije'coileci-'' ;froriv.it. 'XTorme ifcaeoraed sonietihirtg sajianic;; Hugh called him after-a few; momentSv1 to come td the'little ones,: aii'd With his pleasant?, genial manner, after greeting inie,. introduced; his .friend.,- While-he kissed his 1 itjfcle'siptecs,, I^lrj,.WinstanLy; uttered - some•: conimon->place qivility ; but oh, the magic'••of his ; voice coupled 'with 'his- .wonderful .beauty ! ''Few wo'mra s hdarts, I "thought,.'cffuld' withstjind him., ^/I happened to r glance across , at .Amy; a,nd I 8aw/a.85veet-flush on her.face* and.her, eyes followed him as if spellbound. ; We joiued'tlie dinner, as it was;Gliristmas: eve, and stayed a few hours; and I saw my darling's; glance furtively. stenl again- andv: again towards Frederick..Winstanly. 'Next" evening, we, of course, joined the family" party, and I'saw that no time had been lost' by the gentleman in securing the good will (if the daughter of the house. He was" constantly at her side, and her soft shy glances told their own story. A fortnight passed, and I heard that it was an expected arrangement—the engagement between them. She asked me one day how "I liked Him, with such an expectant look of full approbation that my heart failed mo to tell her of the warnings it suggested. Soon afterwards, holidays being over, the gay party separated, Easter being settled for another visit of the gentleman; and a diamond circlet on Amy's finger noted how her girlieh lovo had been demanded and given. . .. . ; Easter, which was very late that year, and in the most RlDEiQUH_ spring_I_e.v_er_r.ee.olle.ctj_ nrrived ; and relatives were invited to meet Mr. Winstanly, Laura Morley, her cousin, being one of them I was present again at the arrival of the gentleman, and I saw the impression she made on Mr. Winstanly, and noticed his depreciating glance at our own sweet flower. Laura was, I knew, a very attractive girl, free and outspoken, but I think genuine and truthful, and I believe she truly loved Amy. I, the looker on, young girl as I was, saw what escaped the eyes of all ; and the intervals that passed between my encountering the parties interested allowed progress to be made un noted by those in hourly intercourse witli each other. . I heard, the subtlq tones with which he ravished the. ears of Laura ; it yras little wonder she was ensnared. Even I. prejudiced against him as I was, felt the oliarm of those soft intonations. One day when out with-my little ones, we stayed to rest in a wood. I heard voices close by me, but, hidden by a thick growth of trees and underwood, we were unseen. I knew them, to be those of Mr. Winstanly and Laura Morley. His words were quick, and hers plaintive as if-she were reproaching him. ' She is the sweetest, the.dearest girl, she. was saying as.if in reply to him ; lt': cannot listen to ■ you ; it is wronging her. too much.' ' What is her faint sweetness to your noon-tide, glory ? -Can a man compel. and shackle his instiiicts, which . are-part of himself ?'he answered. ' S^fc and winning she may be, irresistible to some natures to mine I candidly admit, irritating ; while to you, as my Queen, I could bow and render fealty and homage. I am poor, needy, shackled, with debts, but tell me, if. I were froc to choose, would you , consent ? What would be my fate? Let me at. -least know this. Grudge me not this solaco' through the coming years of fettered life. I have restrained the burning words that have rushed to my lips a thousand times, till to-day they over-mas tered me. I do not intend to wrong. Amy, nor do.you; for a stronger c'nain.rivets me to her than I or you can break; but let us for one brief hour revel in the unrealities of fairy land.' I was spell bound. No prying desire had field me listener. My children had flung themselves down some little distance from me; fatigne had kept them silent. I felt a8 if a stab had reached my own heart, in its true regret for the-poor betrayed girl. I hurried away, almost as if I was the guilty one, and feared to be caught. Now I knew their secret; I noticed words and glances, that, without my key, would have passed un heeded, and I saw that the girl's love in creased hourly for him, till the restraint he imposed on horsolf became torture. Amy's sweet loving smiles and tell-talo blushes proved that her trust and faith were strong as ever; and no.v that the marriage day was fixed she used to come to my quiet room, to whisper her love to mo—the love she hardly <?aredJshow to her idol. I felt as though I was as falio as the others, to keep their guilty Becret. But how light it was to the terrible one I should soon have to bear about with me ! I was bo very young ; what should I get but reproof—indeed, most likely dis missal—if I told what I had heard ! So I held my peace. The bridal .day arrived. Laura was of course a bridesmaid. The girl's restraint and control were wonderful. See arrayed the bride—the lovely blossom so soon to bo withered. Mr. \Vinstanly, through suiub fancy of his own, had taken a house very near ; as he said, he thought if he were often, from home Amy would have those she loved beside her, and a visit to the gaieties of London would quite content her. This arrangement met the approval of everyone. Months passed. I fancied the fair young wife did not find happiness unalloyed; but she was luo leal and 'auu lo bou'ay Lliis. SIio passed manly lonely hours, as I knew ; far she often had one. or two of the little ones to stay with her, and I, of course, always wont with them. Mr. Winstanly was never unkind ; so little satisfied her, and he couldjnot loso his charm of manner nor the seductive sweetness of his voice. I often fancied he saw Laura when wo never knew it. She was asked by Amy to visit her; but some reticence, some womanly feel ing constrained her, and she had always a good and sufficient excuse for deferring her visits. A year had elapsed, and a joy had come to Amy—a lovely baby lay beside her. Her cup was full. Mr. \Vinstanly seemed kinder and more attentive than he had ever been, and petted and praised his tiny son. I was asked by Amy's mother if I would, for a time, leave my charges and go to her. 11 should feel so confident,' she said, ' that Amy had loving attendance, for I somewhat distrust tiio nurse; si:e is careless ^anci sen indulgetit I see.1 I went most joyfully, and Mr. Winstanly welcomed me cordially, removing the only hesitation I had, by his courteous manner. Laura was to come in a week, .and thoy thought it would be nicer for her that I should bo there. I spent hours with -the young mother, and the tiny baby was my delight, much to the nurse's satisfaction. All, at first, went well, Laura's arrival only adding to Arav's pleasuTo; but I soon saw all was not right; How could it be otherwise, when the visitor was thrown.entirely on her host for society, and there were rides, and drives, and lnnnr hours missed together downstairs?^ The'firsfc shadow soon foil over - the house. One morning, about a fortnight after Laura's arrival, tile lovely little baby was taken with convulsions and died in a few hours. The shock to the frail young mother was terrible, and fever set in. Mr. Winstanly, I think, vra3 really distressed. Heaven only know whether that tiny baby had restrained him from sin, or whether the dark thoughts came to him only after its death. I was so much in the sick-room, I had little leisure for observation, but I detected, when I went down for change, that nearly all outward restraint was over. They looked on mo na only a simple girl, and I was no check on theai. We thought, after some terrible days ..ut suspense,. l'ot ihts. Oett ei^-m Amy's condition, had. set.jiu- and the doctor was-. sanguine.- LLsaiv1__Jio.\Vi;v:er,._tliat_iia. was puzzled once or twice on;. coming in to; see her,, and questioned nurse 'very sharply. He turhod;to;uiev:0,n. Ieav|ng the.room,-_re7: guesting my ,itf±end:\ncei. .11,. "of ^course, followed. " He asked mo much about the nurse. ' I neither liko'her nor trust her,' lie said; --'"for, I cannot reconcile Mrs. Winstanly's. condi'-. tion with strict and careful nursing. You aro very young, my dear. A re you equal to riiglrt - watching-'—Ori':1 the next ; few'; 'days'; depends life .orL death." 'T'wilillinfuYm^li;; Winstunly how I trust you ; are you equal ,ljo the strain V- ■ • ' 'lean do anything, 'doctor,' I said ; 'let ihe-watch her, I love heisb dearly.' j. | He gave me one sharp glance and said. II Very well; I will be here-at. 11 o'clock; get rested and prepare "for tlie'iiight's watch.' i All . wa&-in> readiness.. Nurse-./was.^pleased .1 should..share.her vigil.-: B.ut-1-soon, saw, as the. hours. crepfcbtf,'Ho-w'he^ryisl*imber: closed hetf eyes,t;-while the poor-patienti .tbBsed.^her weary■liead,':or;c!VH6£lifeebly fbr'a'driiiKj iand but for my presence wo'iild; h'av,e liad • to 'call in .yni'n. .- My. iwatchtwas a-, success- beyond hope ; but when, two nights after,.thedoctor . and the husband met at the bedside, I was liorrified at the expression on. Mr. Wmstanly's 'face, as the doctor bent down and said in 'joyful tones, ' Wo shall do, well now; the [danger is past ;'quiet and care are all that .is needed now.' "7" . ,-r SI saw' the man; bitehis lips ;. still,'rthe ;strong. wjll enabled him to present a respon sive face:td?the'docfcor^s cheery words ;-and, :to hide1 afty: fell-tale j expression, he bent ;d!own and kissed and caressed her. - ■ : ' Anotjier night. ,ou so, - and^your^work is ojver, my1;dear girlf, the doctor said tci me. lAre you equal to it ? • But I would trustyou jb.efore one three times your age. It is' 'as' [ suspectejJ)' ;'he' added-to Mr. , Winstanly ; 'nurso sleeps all night. Will you need a stimulant to keep your young eyes open,' Miss ■.Morse:?'.- • ■ : ■ ■: ■ Vr | ' I think not, sir,' I said. • i 'I will come in myself,' said Mr. Winstanly. •I will not go to bed: "Miss Laura shares the day watches, but no one seems to soothe my -poor darling like our young friend.' : Hours specl on. Had I overtaxed my strength, or had I foolishly taken more of the wine Sir. Winstanly pressed on me, at" dinner ? I never knew. It was two o'clock by the little time-piece; nurse slept 3ouudly, Mrs. Winstanly' dozed. I felt a terrible feel ing of drowsiness steal- over me, and I can declarc, if such could "be the case, I slept with open eyes. The bed was near; the wall, opposite.was placed a long mirror ; so, as I satr in the' large luxuriant arm chair by' the fire, T could see the reflection of the slightest movement in the bed. I roused' myself cnouglit to glance at the mirror, and felt surprised at seeing Mr. Winstanly bending over his wife and holding a glass to her lips. She smiled up at him almost for the first time. I did not like to get up or disturb them, for his tones were low and soothing. He laid her head back quietly after a few moments, still holding the glass. He was on the further side of the bed from the mirror, but I saw every movement. Pie seemed to knock his arm against the bedpost, for suddenly the glass and its contents fell to the floor broken in pieces. 11 started up, fearing the noise would dis turb her, but he turned to the bed, motioning me to keep still. Heavens ! what ailed the man ? The ghastly pallor on his face was awful, but I put it down toa startled fear of the result of suddenly rousing her. ' She sleeps,' he said, 'I found you and nurse asleep when I entered, and she asked for her drink. 1 am a clumsy nurse, I fear. You will pickup the scattered fragments, and I will take (hem out for you. The broken glass is dangerous.' ! I knelt down and softly gathered up the bits in a little basket and gave them to him, and he left the room. I was fully awake now, every tick of the clock seemed to sound ah alarm. Nurse was still wrapped in heavy slumber, and the stillness grew intolerable to me. I shuddered. Quietly and softly I stirred the fire to a blaze, and wrapped a warm shall round me. Glancing at the bed, I saw a heavy slumber had stolen over our patient. This was looked for by the doc tor, and I feared, too, lest she should bo roused from it. On crept the hours; my eyes never left the bed; by some strange fas cination they seemed riveted on that motion less figure. At last morning came; sounds began to be fpintly heard in thehouse; ant1 nurse awoke, but she had a confirmed belief she had only dozed—at least, she said so always. With a glance towards the bed, she whispered, ' Still asleep ! Do you go now, Miss; creep out, don't wake her; ask Jane to bring my tea, please.' . As I stood up to go, nurse, with a quick glance at the bed, started.up with a low cry, and sprang across the room, I following her wondering. Too soon I saw her dismay. 'Dead! dead!' she screamed, 'and some hours ! Oh ! Miss Morse, how did it happen 1 I knew her figure was too still for any living thing; but I never noticed at first.' Back came with surging horror my dim consciousness of the chink of glasses, of the wilfully shattered glass, and of the stealthy laying down of the poor slain victim. God of Heaven ! He .must have held her close to him while the dying spasm wrung the soft face, a moment before lighted with love for fyim. I fell senseless on the floor, and hours pasced before sense and reason returned. The house was a house of mourning. Mother and sisters had arrived. I heard the. doctor Tyas as shocked as any one, and said again a,nd again he had felt so sure she must rally, though, of course, she was terribly weak, and a feather's weight would turn the scalp. , I asked nurse if there would bo an inquest. She grew quite angry.. 'Neither you nor I would come .off first-class, Miss, if there was; I shall , never forgive myself for that little doze. Pray don't talk such folly. Its not_ gentle-folk like these that have inquests, only poor folks. No quality folks do have any unpleasant investigations, and I heard master tell the-doctor ho left her soundly asleep, and told you to take all care that she was not roused; that he threw do.wn accidently a glass, but it did not wake her. He scorns terribly cut up, poor gentleman; he looks a ghost almost. Will you come and see her, Mias? Sho looks like an angel.' l loiioweci nurse, ana ten weeping by the side of the bed. Pale roses decked the bier. 5 held up my hands, wringing them in bitter agony at the awful secret I possessed. What should 1 do ? Was I not guilty before heaven if I held my peace? Oh, my lovely murdered darling ! I was aa sure as heaven wid u'uo bhu lu.d booa done to dual'i. 1 kissed her again and again, till nurse lifted mo up and carried mo outside the door. It was very hard meeting each moment some rnomber of the family, who questioned me so closely on what had happened. Oh, the misery of those days 1 I wonder still how I managed to live through them; how I did not sink beneath the weight of that terrible sccret, which even if divulged, might gain no credence. The day after the funeral the frisnds all separated—Miss Morley staying till the next day to return with me. We dined together, and afterwards I said I would go to my room to pack. I was longing to leave the house; my nerves were strung to their utmost ten sion. I felt I must have rest and change, or I should tro mad. ; An hour or so later I returned to tho morn ing-room, where I had left Miss Morley, and. sank down in a low easy chair. The curtains pf the large bow-window were down, and I \viis startled >»t hearing voices behind them. I needed not to listen; I heard Laura sob bing, and him soothing her in low fond tones. My brain reeled. I only remember springing forward impetuously, and drawing the curtains aside. His arm encircled her, as her head lay on his breast. 'Monster !' I cried, 'have you no remorse, no shame ? Is your victim but one day in her grave, when her place is usurped by her friend ? I saw your socret meeting in the pine grove; I knew the reason she should bo elain to make room for your new love ! Look, Miss Morley? look at the craven fpee of her destroyer! Does he need an accuser ?' The girl had recoiled with horror at; the frightful expression of baflled crime that crossed Mr. Winstanly's face. ' Is this true, Frederick V she gasped; 'oh, Frederick !' ! 1 True as he is false,' I answered. ' Laura Morley, she died by his hand to enable him .to win you. I, perhaps, could not bring the dark deed home to you, Mr. Winst-.nly ; but I accuse you, in the presenec of your coveted love, of your wife's murder ?' He cowered, and buried his face in his hands. Casting one swift glance s,t him, Laura, Hung herself at my feet. ' I renounce hyn and all love. Cruel has been my punishment ! But spare him, I conjure you, as you say you have no con clusive evidence ; spare him, as you hope for iwet-cy 'iHjreat'rcr i Viiil. irjt rise till you promise !' ' I can do nothing,' I_said,. Liie is safe from me. vtl'leave" him to theufldying liofnJrs of remorse. Biit, I thank-Heaven,- if Icannot aver;ig6 my beloved friend, I llavfe", at least,y savedyoufromhirn.' I! raised her, and without h look in his direction, she let me lead her to her room. There I remained with her till we left the fatiil'hoiise at, daybreak. Ibelietfe she led a; life of goodness. She died early. , Mr. AVinstanly,closed. the house! and. %ve,nt • abrpad>. severing! all-, connection., > with the; :family;!: I did notiireturn to niy-pupils. -p sought change, and a life in the busy hjuihtfl? vifimeni i.It haveibeeni an instructress^fwo^Qi for'40-years;! but 'never ' have' the^efcYs'that t liave. intecvened. lessened_my rec&leQfiidn; <&>fteo$d my •Tegretifoi«lthe .'fcerrtbl^.'sec^5 became possessed of,ii)vthe''fitst ^-eafis.i of:mv' entry. . | Our thanlcs'secmed'.hat'dly adequate* t£,&(y! thrilling, story,-that'had- enlisted pur breathy" less attention.. vAVe all ackn^ledfged'thaVai 'moat interesting means had. ' been dis-: -covered of avoiding the -tedium ef our joarney. We all.felt as if we w&re; friends of longstanding, and we conversed with the; freedom of friendship for the remainder of the day, and pnrted with regret when we reached our destination. I'think we will eaeh;retainthe pleasantest recollection of our northward journey ; and, I fancy, in the fire-;; lightiof each home, the ■ stories will be told, and retold. With all Christmas good wishes, I hope their repetition here mo.y give as much pleasure as their recital afforded us. 