ALL ALONG THE RIVER. Bt MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Yenetians, or All in Honor,' 'Aurora Floyd,' 'The Cloven Foot,' 'Dead Men's ShoaV 'Juat as I Am,' 'Taken at the Flood,' ' Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' ' Weavers and Weft,' to., &a;, [Published by epecUI arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved. ] CHArTEK XXVI, — ' Thocch Love and Life and Death should Come and Go.' Isola was alone in the spacious Roman draw ing-room with its wide windows and shady loggia. The sun was off that eide of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had been pushed back, and between the heavy stone pillars of the loggia she saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden and the pale gold of the mimosas beyond. Th9 sun was shining full upon the Hill of Gardens, that hill at whose foot Nero was buried — in secret, at dead of night, by his faithful freed man and the de voted woman who loved him to the shameful end of the shameful life; that hill whose antique groves the wicked Cresar's ghost had once made a place of terror. The wicked ghost was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms and fashionable Rome made holiday on the Hill of Gardens. A military band was playing there this afternoon in the golden light, and the familiar melodies of 'Don Giovanni' were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of sweetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen camellias and the softer rose of oleander blossoms gave brightness and color to the dark foliage and the cold white stone. Isola heard those far off melodies, faint in the distance, without heeding. The notes were beyond measure, familiar, interwoven with the very fabric of her life ; for those were the airs Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every evening in their quiet, monotonous life. She heard un heeding, for her thoughts had wandered back to the night of the ball at Lo3twithiel and all that went after it — the fatal night that struck the death-knell of peace and innooence. How vividly she remembered every detail ; her fluttering apprehensions during the long drive in the dark lanes, up hill and down hill ; her eagerness for the delight of the dance as an unaccustomed pleasure, a scene to which youthful beauty flies aa the moth to the flame ; her remorseful consciousness that she had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which drew her there ; the longing to £ee Lord Lostwithiel once more — Lostwithiel, whom she had vowed to herself never to meet again of her own free will. She had gone home that afternoon resolved to forego the ball, to make any social sacrifice rather than look upon that man whose burning words of love, breathed in her ear before ehe had enough of nerve or calmness to silence him, had left her ecathed and seared as if the lightning had blasted her. She had heard his avowal ; no room now to doubt the meaning of all that had gone before ; no ground now for believing in a tender Platonic admiration, lapping her round with its scft radiance, a light but not a fire. That which had burnt into her soul to-day was the fierce flame of dishonoring love — the open avowal of a love that wanted to steal her from her husband and make her a sinner before her God. She knew this much — had brooded upon it all the evening— and yet she was going to a plase where she must inevitably meet the tempter. She was going because it wss expedient to go ; because her persistent refusal to be there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to a discovery of the real reason of her absence. She had seen often enough the subtle proces?, the society searchlight, by which Trelasco and Fowey could arrive at the innermost working of a neighbor's heart, the deepest mysteries of motive. She was going to the ball after all, fevered, anxious, full of dim forebodings, aud yet with an eager expectancy, and yet with a strange over-mastering joy. How should ehe meet him ? How could she avoid him without osten tatious avoidance, knowing how many eye* would be 'quick to mark any deviation from conventional propriety? Somehow or other she was resolved to avoid all association with him, to got her cird filled before he could ask her to dance, or in any case to refuse if he asked her. He would scarcely venture to approach her after what had been said in the lane, wben her indignation had been plainly expressed with angry tears. No, he would hardly dare. And so— in a vague bewilder ment at finding she was at her journey's end — she saw the lights of the little town close upon her, and in the next few minutes her carriage was moving slowly in the rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of the inn. Vaguely, as in a dream, she saw the lights and the flowers, the fine dresses and the dia monds, the scarlet and white upon the walls, brush and vizard, vizard and brush. He was not there. She looked among the crowd and that tall figure aud that dark head were absent. She ought to have been glad at th-s respite, and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. Later he was there and she was waltzing with him. At the last moment when he was standing before her, cool, Belf-possessed, as it were unconscious of that burning past, she had no more power to refuse to be bis partner than the bird has to escape from the snake. She had (riven him her hand and they were moving slowly, Eof tly to the music of the soft, slow waltz. Myosotis, myosotis — mystic flower which means everlasting remembrance — would she over forget this night? Their last meeting— safest possible meeting-place here in tbe shine of the lamps — in the sight of the multitude. Here she could hold him at arm's length ; hero she might speak to him lightly, as if she tco were unconscious of the past. Here she was safe against his madness and her own weak unstable heart, which fiuttered at his smallest wotd. And so the night wore on and she danced with him more times than she could count, forgetting, or pretending to forget, other en gagements, going through an occasional waltz with another partner just for decency's sake and hardly knowing who that partner was, knowing so well that there was some cne else standing against the wall watching her every movement with the loveligho in his eyes. Then came the period after supper when they sat in the anteroom and let the dances go by, hearing the music of the waltzes which they were to have danced together, hearing and heeding not. And then came a sudden scare at the thought of the hour — was it late? Late, very late ! The discovery fluttered and unnerved her and she was scarcely able to collect her thoughts as he handed her into the carriage and shut the door. 'Surely it was a white horse that brought me,' she exclaimed, and in the next minute she recognised Lostwithiel's brougham, the same carriage in which she bad been driven home through the rain upon that unforgotten night when his house sheltered her, when she saw his face for the first time. Yes, it was his carriage. She knew the color of the lining, the little brass clock, the reading-lamp, the black panther rug. She pulled at the check-string, but without effect. The carriage drove on slowly but steadily to the end of the town. She let down the window and called to the coachman. There was only one man on the box and he took no notice of her calL Yes, he had hoard her, perhaps, for he drew up bis horse suddenly by the roadside a little way beyond the town. A man opened the door and sprang in, breathless after running. It was Lostwithiel. ' You put me into your carriage,' she cried distractedly. 'How could you make such a mistake? Pray, tell him to go back to the inn directly.' They were driving along the country road at a rapid pace and he had seated himself by her side clasping her hand. He pulled up the window nearest her and prevented her calling to the coachman. 'Why should you go back? You will be home sooner with my horse than with the screw that brought you.' 'Bui the fly will be waiting forme— the man will wonder.' 'Let him wonder. He won't wait very long, you may be assured. He will guess what has happened. In the confusion of carriages you took the wrong one. Isola, I am going to leave Cornwall to night — to leave England — perhaps never to return. Give me tne last few moments of my life here. Be merciful to me. I am going away — perhaps for ever.' 'Take me home,' she said. 'Are you really taking me home? Ia this the right way?' ' Of course it is the right way. Do you suppose I am going to drive you to London 7' He let down the glass suddenly and pointed out to the night 'Isola, do you eee where we are? There's the sign post at the cross roads. There's the tower of Tywardreath Church, though yon can hardly see it in this dim light. Are you satisfied now?' He had drawn up the glass again. The win dows were growing dim with the mist of their ' mingled breath ; the atmosphere wan faint with the odor of the faded chrysanthemums on her gown and tbe gardenia in tbe lapel of hie coat. All that she oould eee of the outer world was the blurred light of the carriage lam pp. The high-spirited horse was going np . and down the bills at a perilous pace. At this rate the journey oould not Uke long. And then — and then — be came back to tha . prayer he had breathed in her ear more than' twelve hours ago in the wintry lane. He loved her, he loved her, he loved her — could she re fuse to go away with him — having woven her self into hia life, having made him madly, helplessly in love with her? Could ehe re fuse? Had any woman the right to refuse? He appealed to her sense of honor. Sne had gone too far— she had granted too muoh already, granting him her love. She was in his arms, in the dim light, in the faint, dream like atmosphere. He was taking possession of her weak heart by all that science of love in whioh he was past master. Honor, con science, fidelity to the absent, piety, innocence, were being swept away in that lava flood of passion. Helpless, irresolute, she faltered again and again. 'Take me home. Lost witbiel ! Have mercy ! Take me home.' He stopped those tremulous lips with a kiss —the kiss that betrays. The carriage dashed down a ateep hill, rattled along a Btreot eo narrow that wheels seemed to grind against) the house fronts on each side, down hill asain, and then it drew up suddenly in a stony square, and the door opened and the soft, sweet sea breeze blew among her loosened hair and upon her uncovered -neck, and she heard the gentle plish-plash of a boat moored against the quay at her feet. ' This is not home,' she cried piteonsly. ' Yes, it is home, love, our home for a little while — the home that can carry us to the other end of the world, if you will.' The quay and the water and the few faint lights here and there grew dark and ehe knew no more till she heard the sailors crying 'Yeo, heave, yeo,' and the heavy sails swinging and the creak of the boom as it swayed in tho wind and felt the dancing motion of the boaft as she cut her way through the waves, felt the strong arm that clasped her, and heard the low, fond voice that murmured in her ear, 'Isola, Isola, forgive me; I could not live without you.' That which came afterwards had seemed one long and lurid dream — a dream of faic weather and foul, of peril and despair, of pas sionate, all-conquering love. To-day, as she lay supine in the afternoon silence— lying as Tabitha had left her, in a fevered sleep— the vision of that past catno back upon her in all its vivid coloring, almost as distinctly as it had reacted itself in her hours of delirium, when she had lived that tragic chapter of her life over again, and had felt the fury of the waves and breathed the chill, salt air of the tempest driven sea, and had seen the bright full moon riding high amidst the cloud chaos — now appearing, now vanishing, as if she, too, were a storm-driven bark in a raging sea. Oh, God ! how vividly those hours oame back. The awful progress across the bay ; the brooding darkness of the brief day ; the infinite horror of the long night; the shuddering yaoht, with straining spars and broadside beaten by a heaving mass of water that struck her with the force of a thousand battering rams, Wow after blow, seeming as if the next must always be the last— the final crash and end of all things. The pretty, dainty vessel, long and narrow, rode like an eggshell on those furious waters— here a long wall of inky black ness, rising like a mountain ridge and bearing down on the doomed ship, and beyond, as far as the eye could reach, a waste of surf, livid in the moonlight. What helpless insignificance, as of a leaf tossed on a whirlpool, when that mountainous mass took the yacht and lifted her on Cyolopean shoulders and shook her off again into the deep, black trough of the sea as into the depths of helL And this not once only, nor a hundred times only, but on through that endless seeming night, on in the sickly winter dawn, and ia the faint yellow gleam of a rainy noontide— on through day that seemed mixed and entangled with night, as if the beginning of creation had come round again and the light were not yob divided from the darkness. Oh, those passionate, never-to-be-forgotten momenta when she bad stood with him at the top of the companion, looking out upon those livid waters, over that sea of death, fondly be lieving that each moment was to be their last, that the gates of death were opening yonder — a watery way, a gulf to which they must go down, in a moment, in a little moment, ina flash, in a breath, at the next, or the next, or the next mad plunge of the hurrying bark. Yes, death was there, in front of them — in- evitable, imminent, immediate— and life and sin, shame, remorse were done with, along with the life that lay behind them, a pago blotted and blurred - with one passionate - madnees, whioh had changed the color of a woman's life history. She knew not how she bare up against the force of that tempest, clinging to him with her bare, wet arms, held up by him, crouching against tha woodwork, which shook and rattled with every blow of the battering-rams. She only knew that his arms were round her, that she was safe with him even when the leaping surf wrapped her round like a mantle, blinding, drowning her in a momentary extinction. She only knew that his lips were close to .her ear and that in an instant's lull of those awful voices he murmured, 'We are going to die, Isola. The boat cannot live through such a sea. We shall go down to death together.' And her lips turned to him with a joyful ory, ' Thank God !' Then again, in a momentary pause, he pleaded, 'Forgive me, love; my stolen love, forgive me before we die I' And again, ' Was it a crime, Isola?' 'If it was I forgive you,' she whispered, clinging to him, as the blast struck them. Bitter, cruel revulsion of feeling, bitter irony of fate, when the great, grim waves— which had seemed like living monsters hurry ins down upon them with malignant fury to tear and to devour — when the awful sea began to roar with a lesser voice, and the thunder of tho battering-rams had a duller sound and the bows 'of tho yacht no longer plunged straight down into the leaden-colored pit ; no longer climbed those inky ridges with suoh blind impetus, as of a cockleshell in a whirlpool. Bitter sense of loss and dismay when the grey ' cold dawn lighted a quieter sea, and she heard . the captain tellinc Lostwithiel that they hod seen the worst of the storm and that there was no fear now. He was going to put on more canvas and hadn't the lady better ko below where it was warm. She needn't feel anyway nervous now. They would soon be in tho roadstead off Arcachon. She had not felt the ohill change from night to morning. She had not feit the surf that drenched her loose entangled hair. She hardly knew when or how Lostwitbiel had wrapped her in his fur-lined coat, but she found that she was so enveloped presently when- Bhe stumbled and staggered down to the cabin and flung herself face downward upon the sofa in a '' paroxysm of impotent despair. Death would have delivered her. The ', tempest was her friend. But the tempest had passed her by and left her lying there like a - weed, more worthless than any weed that ever the sea cast up to rot upon the barren rooks. Yes, she was left there— left in a life that sin had blighted, loathsome to herself, hateful to her God. She locked herself in the cabin, while the - hurrying footsteps overhead told her that Lost: witbiel was working with the sailors. . An hour later and he was at the cabin door . pleading for one kind word, entreating her to let him see her, were it only for a few moments, to know that she was not utterly broken down by the peril she had passed through. He : pleaded in vain. She would give no answer— she would speak no word. Indeed in that dnll agony of shame and despair it seemed to her as if a dumb devil had entered into her. Her parched lips seemed to have lost the power of speech. She lay there, staring straight before her at all the swinging things on the cedar panels— the books and photographs— andlamps - - and frivolities swaying and vibrating '? with every movement of the sea. Her bands were \\. clenched until the nails cut into the flesh. ; her '. heart was throbbing with dull, slow beats that made themselves torturingly audible.' Did. \ God create his creatures for such agony ? Had ' ' she been foredoomed everlastingly in that awful incomprehensible eternity that goes be- . ~' fore birth— condemned before .she was born to * this degrading fall, to this unutterable shame* . Hours went by ehe knew not how. Again and again he came to her door and talked and entreated— heaven knows how tenderly— with i what deep contrition, with what fond pleading ?'?'_' ? for pardon. But the dumb devil held her still. - . : L She wrapped herself in a sullen despair— not anger, for anger is active. Hers was only a . ; supine resistance. .' . - ~/,-.v At last 'she heard him come with one of the ? sailors and she could make out from their : whispering talk that they were goingto force -'*/; open the door. Then she started np in a kind- ' of fury and went and flung herself against the. :~ dainty cedar panels. .. , :L- .;',;% 'If you don't leave me alone in my misery. ;- I will kill myBelf,'-she cried. ':, v.-*r The long night was over and the sun was ' ';; high. It Beemed as if they wore sailing over : a summer sea, and through the scuttle port Bhe saw a little town nestling under pine-clad / j She woke from brief and troubled slumbers ;./; to see this strange and lovely shore, and at first she fancied they must have sailed back to -.i. Cornwall and that this was some unknown bay '?'?'.? upon that rock-bound coast; but the sapphire '' sea and the summer-like sunshine BUggested» , : ; fairer clime than ragged Britain. ,- . -. : :y. While she was looking put at the oresoent- f ' shaped bay and the long line of white villas the- -X anchor was being lowered. The sea wasaMtort^ ; : as smooth as a lake, and those tranojoiil wat(^: f had the color and the sheen o{ sapphire «nd.-;« emerald. She thought of the jasper aeattte sea of the Apocalypse, the tideless eea beside -S that land of the New Jerusalem, whe» there ft; are no more tears, where there can be no more U; ein, a oityof ransomed sonls redeemed frojny=S aU earth's iniquity. . : : T- :J^-f? A boat was being lowered. SheuettdSl»gi scroop of the rope against the huUr«he.l-6ard;||f foptsteps on the accommodation '^Md&M;^fjgl then the dip of oars, and ^presently .,'^|nft|i§ passed between fa» and the sunul water*, I2ttdj|i she saw Lostwithiel sitting inMstemJi^^ the rudder lines in his hand, while twoiMiln^^ were bending to theh- oars with wm3-blojimfi hair and cheery smiling .faces, .broad^'^MS \- ia bhe gay morning sunshine. - *-S#^a^^^^ He was gone and she breathed more freely. There was* sense of momentary release in bis ^mm, and tor the first time Bhe looked round toe cabin, where beautiful and Inxnrions ' (things lay, ^thrown here and there in huddled ' masses of brilliant color. A Japanese screen, ' kuaeterpieoeofgoldaadrainbowembroidetyon BeeagreengronndflnDgaRainstthe panellingat one aid — ohairs, vases, wiokerwood tables over tomed — Persian cnrtiins -wrenched from their fastenings and hanging awry— satin pillows ' that baa drifted into a neap in one corner— Signs {of havoa everywhere. Bhe stood in the midst of all this ruin and looked at her own reflection in a low? Venetian glass fastened to the panelling, almost the only object that had beld its place through the storm. Her own reflection. Was that really herself? That chaotly image which the glass gave back to her? The reflection of a woman with livid cheeks and blanched lips, with swollen eyelids and dark -rings of purple round the haggard eyes and hair rough and tangled as Medusa's Lxsks, and bare shoulders from -which the stained satin bodice had dipped away. Her Wedding- gown ? Oould that defiled garment— thelongfoldBof the once shining satin, draggled and befouled -with the tar of the ropes, heavy end dripping -with eea-water— could these tawdry rags ba the wedding-gown she had put on in her proud and happy innocence in the old bedroom at Dinan, with mother and ser vants «nd a useful friend or two helping a»d hindering; Ob, if they could see bernow, those old friends of her unclouded childhood, the mother and lather who had loved and trusted her, who had never hinted at evU in her hearing, had cever thought that ein oould come near her. And she had falien like the lowest of woman kind. She had forfeited her place among the virtuons and happy for ever. She, Martin Disney's wife? That pood man. that brave soldier who had fought for Queen and country —it was hia wife who stood there in her shame, haggard and dishevelled. She flung her arms above her head and wrung her hands in a paroxysm of despair. Then with a little cry she plucked at the loose wild tresses a' if she would have torn them from her head ; and tllen she' threw herself upon the cabin floor in her agony and grovelied there, a creature to whom death would have been a merciful release. 'If I could die, if I could but die, and no one kuow,'ahe moaned. She lifted bersi-lt' up again upon her knees nod with one hand upon the floor looked round tha walla of the cabin— looked among all that puttering array of yhataEaus and barbaric shields, damascened steel and jewelled hilt?, fur tome practicable instrument with which e-ie might take lir-r hated life And then came the thought of what mufit follow death, not for her in the dim incomprehensible eternity, but for tbo3© who loved her on earth, for those who ?would have to be told how she had been found, in h°r draggled wedding gown, stabbed by her own hand, oa baard Lord Loslwithiel's yacht. What a story of shame and crime for pic turesque reporters to embellish and for scandal lovers to g'oa: over ! No ! She dared not kill herself here. She must collect her eenses, recaps from her seducer, and hide the 6tory of hfT dishonor. She took off her gown and rolled train and bodice into a bundle as small as she could make them. Then she looked about the cabin for EDtne object with which to weight her bundle. Yes, that would do. A little brass dog that was need to steady the open door. That was heavy enough perhap^. She put it into the middle of her bundle, tied a ribbon tightly round tho whole, and then she opened the ecuttle port and dropped her wedding garment into the sea. The keen winter wind — the wind from pine-clad hills and distant snow moun tains blew in upon her bare neck and chilled her to the bone, but it helped to cool the lever of her miud, and she sat down and leapt her head upoa her clasped hands and tried to think what ehe must do to escape from the toils in which guilty love had caught her. She must eecapa from the yacht. She must go ba.;k to England— somehow. Shis thought thnt if Bhe -were to appeal to Lostwichiel's honor somespark of better feeling would prevail over the madness which hud destroyed her and he would let her go ; be would take her back to England and facilitate her secret return to the home she had dis honored. But could she trust herself to make that appeal ? Could ehe stand fast agairtbt his pleading if he implored hi-r to stay with him, to live the life that he bad planned for her, the Jife that lie ba3 painted so eloquently, the dreamy beautiful Jife in earth's most poetic place.', the life of love in idleness? Could the resist him if he thould'jjl-iad - it might be with tears — he whom ehe adored, her destroyer and her divinity. No, she must leave the yacbt before he came back to it. But how? Theie iveie only men on board. There was no wouua to whos» compassion she could appeal, no woman to lend her clothes to cover br=r- She saw herself once again in the Venetian glass in her Jong trained petticoat of muslin and lace, so daintily fresh when she dressed for the ball — muslin and lace soddened by the sea, tcru to shreds where her feet had caught in the delicate flounces as she stumbled down the companion during last night's storm. A fitting cu&tume; in which to travel from Arcachon to t.oudon, verily ! She opened a door leading to an inner cabin which contained bed and bath and all toilet appliances. Hanging against the wall there Were three dressiug-gowns, the lightest and least masculine of the three being a robe of Indian camel's hair, embroidered with dnll brown silk — a neutral-tinted shapeless garment with loose sleeves and a girdle. iHcre, within looked doors, ehe made her hurried toilet with much cold water. She brushed her long, ragged hair with ono of the bumbltBt of tbe brushes. She would not take eo tnuch as a lew drops from the great crystal bottle of eau- de-Cologne which was held in a silver frame suspended from the ceiling. Nothing of hia would ehe touoh, nothing be longing to the man who wanted to pour his fortune into her lap, to make his life her life, hia estate her estate, hie name her name, could ehe but survive the ordeal of the divorce courc and free herself from old tios. She rolled her hair in a large coil at the back of her head. She put on the camel's hair dressing-gown and tied the girdle round her long, elim waist, and having done this- the looked altogether a different creature from that vision of haggard shame which Bhe had eeen just now with loathing. She had a curious Puritan air in her ead-colored raimeut and braided hair. Scarcely had ehe finished when she heard the dip of- oare, and, looking out in an agony of horror at the apprehension of Lostwithiel'e return, she saw a boat laden with two big milliner's baskets and with a woman sitting in the stern. Toe men who were rowing this boat were not of the crew of the Vendetta. She had not long to wonder. She unlocked her door and west into the adjoining cabin while the boat came alongside and woman and baskets were hauled up on the deck. Three minutes afterwards- the cabin-boy knocked at her door and told her that there was a person from Arcaohon to see her, a dressmaker with things that had been ordered for her. She 'unlocked the door for the first time since \- Bhe looked it last night and found herself face to face with a smiling young person, who.-e black eyes and olive complexion were warm -with the glow of the south, golden in the eyes, carnation on the plump, oval cheeks. This young person had the honor to brinp tbe trousseau which monsieur had sent for madame's inspection. Monsieur had told her how sadly inconvenienced niadame had been by the accident by which all her luggage had been left upon the quay at tha moment of sail ing. In truth it must have been most dis tressing for madame, as it had evidently been distressing for monsieur in his profound sympathy with madame his wife. In the meantime Bhe, the young person, had com plied with monsieur's orders and had brought all that there was of the best and most Parisian for madame'e gracious inspection. The cabin boy brought in the two baskets, which the milliner opened with an air, taking out the delicate lingerie, the soft silk and softer cashmere — peignoirs, frilled petticoats, a fluff and flutter of creamy lace and pale satin ribbons, transforming simplest garments into things of beauty. She spread out her wares, chattering all the while, and then looked at madame for approval. Isola scarcely glanced at all the finery. She pointed to the only plain walking gown * among all the delicate prettinessee, the Bilk and cashmere and hue — a grey tweed tailor . .gown, with no adornment except a little narrow black braid. ? 'I will keep that,' she said, 'and one set of underlinen, the plainest. You can take all the rest of the things back to your shop. Please help me to drees as quickly as you can — I want to go on chore in the boat that carries yon back.* 'Bat, madame, monsieur insisted that I should bring a complete trousseau. He ?wished madame to supply herself with all ? tilings needful for a long cruise in the south.' ?'He was mistaken. My luggage is eafe enough. I shall have it again in a few days. I only want clothes to wear for a day or two. Kindly do what I ask.' Her tone was bo authoritative that the milliner complied reluctantly, and murmnrinsr jrarsuasive little speeches while ehe assisted madame to drees. All that ehe had brought -were off the most new — expressly arrived from Paris, from one of the most distinguished es tablishments in the Rue da. la Paix. Fashions change eo quiqkly — and the present fashion was so enchanting, so original, She must be pardoned if she suggested that nothing in ' madame's wardrobe could bo bo new or eo elegant as these last triumphs of an artistic . faweur. \- JJadame took no heed of her eloquence, but iiurrted through the simple toilet, insisted 1 «pon all the finery beinif replaced in the two ' taaVete, and then went npon deck with the :*- xnBKnec 'I am going on shore to bis lordship,' she HBaia^with -quiet authority to the captain. ''1»,«i» a deliberate lie— the first «be had 7 idoVfenkpot «he last Bhe would have to telL ir -«l»'todea on the beach at Arcacbon— ^pwntji1eeft:fcnt with m -diamond ring on bet wedding finger—her engagement ring — which ehe knew, by a careless admission at Martin Disney's, to have cost fifty poundB. She left the milliner and went into the little town, dreading to meet Loatwithiel at every step. She found a complacent jeweller who was willing to advanoe twenty-five Napoleons upon the ring, and who promised io return it to her on the receipt of that sum, with a bagatelle of twenty francs for interest, fiinoe madame would redeem it almost immediately. Furnished with this money she drovestraight to the station and waited there in the mopt obscure corner she oould find till the first train left for Bordeaux. At Bordeaux she had a long time to wait — still in hiding— before the express left for Paris; and then came the long lonely journey from Bordeaux to Paris, from Paris to London, from London to Trelasoo. It seemed »n endless pilgrimage— a nightmare dream of dark night and wintry day, made ? hideous by the ceaseless throb of the engine, the perpetual odor of sulphur and smoke. She reached Trelasoo somehow and sank exhausted in Tabitha'e arms. 'What day is it?' ehe aeked faintly, looking round the familiar room as if ahe had never seen it before. 'Thursday, ma'am. You have been away over a -week, the old servant answered coldly. It was only the next day that Tabitha told her mistress she must leave her. 'There is no need to talk about what has happened,' she said. 'I have kept your secret. I have let no one know that you were away. I packed Susan off for a holiday the morning after the balL I don't believe any one knows anything about you — unless you were Been yestesday on your way home.' . Then came stern words of renunciation — a good woman's protest against Bin. (To be continued. ) 