... SNOWnOUNJ)^.^ (IIV.'KR.NNETII OiiAiiAMn,'S'rY year "NATIONAL OllSMtY'Êli, ) l Twelfth Night had come and gone, and the next morning seemed a tillie stand purpose- less. But ycatpr-eve and the mummers were here They had come striding into the old kitchen, powdering the red brick floor with snow from their barbaric bedlüenmentíi and stamping, and crossing, and declaiming till all was whirl and riot and shout. Harold was frankly turned ; unabashed, he buried himself in the cook's ample bosom. Edward feigned a manly superiority to illusion, and greeted these awful apparitions familiarly as Dick and Harry and Joe, As for me, I was too, big to run, too apt to resist the magic and the surprise. Whence came tliPBC out landers, breaking in on lia with song and, ordered, mosque and a terrible clashing of wooden swords? And after these, what strange visitants might we not look for any quiet night, when the chestnuts popped in the ashes and the old ghost stories drew the awe-stricken circle close" Old Men lin, perhaps, all furled in black BheepskitiB und a lussctgown, with a bow and allows, and bulling wild geese in his hand !" Or stately Ogier the Dane, recalled from Barry, asking his way to the land that once more find need of him ! Or even, on some white night, the Snow-Queen howell', with a chime of sleigh bells and the patter of reindeers' feet, with sudden halt at the door flung wide, while aloft the Northern Lights went shaking attendant spears among the quiet stars This morning, house-bound by the relent- less, indefatigable snow, I was feeling the reaction, Edward, on the contrary, being violently stage-struck on this his first introduction to the real drama, was striding up and down the floor, proclaiming "Here be a, King George the Third, in a strong Berk shire accent. Harold, accustomed, as the youngest, to lonely antics and to sports that asked no sympathy-, was absorbed in clubmen to performance consisting in a measured progress round the" room arm-in-arm with an imaginary companion of reverend years, with occasional halts at imaginary clubs, where-¡mug'uiiiry steps being leisurely ascended imaginary papers were glanced at, imaginary scandal was discussed with elderly shakings of the head, and regrettable to Bay-imaginary glasses were lifted Upwards. Heaven only knows how the germ of this dreary pastime first found way into his 8iniill-bo}ish being. It was his own invention, and he was proportionately proud of it. Meanwhile Charlotte and I, crouched in the window seat, watched, spell stricken, the whirl and eddy and drive of the innumerable snowflakes, wrapping our cheery little world in an uncanny uniform, ghastly in line and hue. Charlotte was sadly out of spirits. Having "countered" Miss Smedley at breakfast, during some argument or other, by an apt quotation from her favourite classic (the Jr'airu Book) she had been gently but firmly informed that no such things as fairies over really existed. " Do you mean to say it's all lies';" asked Chnrlottlc bluntly. Miss Smedley deprecated the use of any such unladylike words in any connection atull. "These stories had their origin, my dear," she explained, " in a. mistaken anthro- pomorphism and the interpretation of nature, But though we are now too well informed to fall into similar errors, there are still many beautiful lessons to be learned from these myths-" "But how can you learn anything," persisted Charlotte, " from what doesn't exist!" And Hlic left the table defiant, howbeit de- pressed. " Don't you mind her,'' I said consolingly ; "how can she know anything about it: Why, she can't even throw a stone pro perty !" Edward says they're all rot, too," replied Charlotte doubtfully. " Edward says everything's rot," I explained, "now be thinks he's going into the me in)-. It a thing in a book it must be true, so that settles it!" Charlotte looked almost reassured. The room was quieter now, for Edward had got the dragon down and was boring holes in him with a purring sound, while Harold was ascending the steps of the Athenaeum with a jaunty air suggestive rather of the Junior Chilton. Outside, tile tall elm tops were hardly to be seen through the leathery storm. "The sky's a falling," quoted Charlotte softly ; " I must go and tell the king." The quotation suggested a fairy story, and I offered to read to her reaching out for the Book. But the wee doll; were under a cloud sceptical hints and embittered the chalice. So I was fain to fetch Arw second favourite with Charlotte for his dames riding of rant, and an easy first with us boys-for his spear splintering crash of tourney' and hurtle against hopeless odds. Here again however, I proved unfortunate : what ill-luck made the book open to the sorrowful history of Berlin and Baron? " And he vanished anon," I read ; ''and so he heard an horne blow, as it had been the death of it beast. ' That blast,' said Rabbi, ' is blowen for me, for I am the prize, and yet am I not lead.'" Charlotte began to cry : she knew the rest too well, I shut the book in despair. Harold emerged from behind the armchair. He was sucking his thumb (a thing which members of the Reform are seldom seen to do), and he stared wide-eyed at his tear stained sister. Seward put off his histrionics, and rushed up to her as the considered new part for him. " I know it jolly story," he began. " Aunt Eliza told it me. It was when she was some- where over in that beastly abroad she had once spent a black month of misery at Divan)-" and there was alcllowtherc who had got two storks. And one stork died-it was the the stork." (2 What did it die off" put in Harold,) " And the other stock was quite sorry, and moped, and wanton, and got very miserable. So they looked about, and found a duck, and introduced it to the stork. The duck was a drake, but the stock didn't mind, and they loved each other and were as jolly as could be. By-and-by another duck came along - a real Sheldrick this time - and when the drake saw her he fell in love, and left the store, and went and proposed to the duck ; for she was very beautiful, But the poor stock who was left, he said nothing at all to anybody, but just pined and pined and pined away, till one morning he was found quite dead Sue the ducks lived happily ever afterwards !" . This was Edward's idea of a jolly story I Down again went the corners of poor Charlotte's mouth, Really Kdwnrd'a stupid he Ability to see the real point in anything was too annoying! It was always so. Years before, it being necessary to prepare his youthful mind for a domestic event that might lead to awkward questionings at a time when there was little leisure to invent appropriate answers, it was delicately inquired of him whether he would like to have a little brother or perhaps a little sister? He considered the matter carefully in all its bearings, and finally declared for a Newfoundland pup. Any boy more " glee at the up-tak " would have met his parents half-way, and eased their burden. As it was, the matter had to be approached all over again from a fresh standpoint. And now, while Charlotte turned away sniffing!)', with the hiccough that told of an overwrought soul, Edvvuul, unconscious (like Sir Isaac's Diamond) of the mischief he had done, wheeled round on Harold with a shout. "I want a live dragon," he announced " You've got to be my dragon !" " Leave me go will you ?" squealed Harold, struggling stoutly. " I'm playin at something else. How can I be a dragon and be- long to all the clubs '<" " Hut wouldn't you like to be anice scaly dragon, all green," sued Edward, trying persuasion. " with a curly tail and red eyes, and breathing real smoke and fire ?" Harold wavered an instant: Pall Mall was still strong in him. The next he was grovelling on the Hour. No saurian ever swung a. tail so scaly and BO early as his. Club and was a thousand years away. With horrific pants he emitted smokiest smoke and fiercest fire. , " Now I want a Princess," cried Edward, clutching Charlotte ecstatically, "adjourns he the Doctor, and heal me from the dragon's deadly wound." we. - Of all protestations I held the sacred art of healing m worst horror and contempt. Ciitnclysmiil memories of purge and draught crowded in thick on mc, find with Charlotte who courted no Innren honours made a break for the door. Kdwmd did likewise, and the hostile forces clashed together on the mat, and for a brief space things were mixed and chaotic and A within ian. The HU very sound of the luncheon bell resisted an instant peace, even in the teeth of antago- nisms like ours. The Holy Grail itself, sliding athwart a sunbeams, never HO effectually stilled a riot of warring passions into sweet and quiet accord. 