ZILA.I A ROI ANCE. Br JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR OF "EBrahd tlhe Tic," "Jabe .Easterbrook." Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, Bowden & Co.) CHAPTER XXXIX. LIGHT. " Strong Son of God, Immortal Love, Whom we, that have not soon Thy face, By faith, and faith alone, embraco, Believing what we cannot prove. a Thou wilt not leave us in the dust, ' Thou madest man, he knows not why; He thinks he was not made to dio; And Thou hast mado him: Thou aro just." -IN MEIORnur. , From the time Mrs. Harcourt told S.ack that it was his duty to try and ,get bettor, he slowly recovered. For ;:himself life had no attractions ; he had ;but little to hope for, and when hope .is low, the world is dark. But when ihe realised that he had a message ',to- deliver, when he felt that other hearts might be aching even as his had ached, and that he could tell them of a power that would lift their burdens away, then. strength and health came back to him again. Thus it was that when old Dr. 1Brown, of Inglewood, came to see him he had no need to tell him of NZillah's change in order to give him isomething to hope for. Indeed, the Fold man did not think it best to men Stion her name ; to tell him of her ill ness would probably do himn more harm than good, and so, while -he returned to his home bearing the glad news of the young man's recovery, lihe left him in ignorance that the chains which had bound his loved one were Sbroken. As he regained strength, his old friends came to see him, and foremost among them was Uncle William. Evidently the little' man had taken a great liking to Jack, and seemed brimming over with some information which he thought would be a joy to. the young man's heart. 'John,' he said, ' John, I have been living long years in the twilight, but light has broken at last.' ' Ah! said Jack. 'Yes, light, John, light, and more than light-power!' 'Havo you got a new medium, fresh from America ?' said the young man 'with a smile. ` No, John, no. I have done with America,' said the little man warmly. ' And why have I done with ;,America ? W*hy ? I will tell you. It is because I have discovered that all knowledge comes from the East, John, the East. I've done with American Spiritualism, John, because it's a ;-swindle. Why, only the other day, John, I saw how I'd been deceived. 1At a seance a spirit came and told me he was the ghost of John Joy, an old ;friend of mine. I believed him. I 'went in mourning' for him, and then a ':iweek or so after 'I met hini alive and 'well. Think! of that, John ! Daniel Home knew nothing, didn't know the a b c of the question. Why, I have got on the Astral plane, John ; think of that!' ',WVhic is the Astral plane, uncle ?' -tEsked Jack. ' Why the Astral plane is between the physical and the emotional, it is a plane discovered by Theosophy, John ?' ' Oh, I see, you are become a Theoso phist now ?' 'Ah; I am glad you did not yield to Abner Dewodle and become a Spiritua :listic lecturer, you would have been ruined if you had. John, I trusted, 'that man, trusted him, and he do ceived inme! I lodged him, fed him, clothed him, lent him money, and now ihe's gone, I don't know where, and c'heated me. All his spirits were fiauds-frauds. Why, you found it out, John.' ' Yes, I found it out.' :' But that's all gone- all gone. I've found the truth at last.' ' What truth ?' 'Psychic truth, Theosophic truth, John. Now I am content. Why, IJblm, now we can get music without the dark rooms, without joining hands.. Now we can get furniture o?moved without human aid. It's all :psychic force, John, a force which I can gain, because I am on the Astral plane. SWhat's the good of it"? ' asked Jack. ' Why, the world is going to be re :deemed at last.' S'How ? by moving furniture ?' ' Ah, John, I am afraid you are still unbelieving. But you won't be. Theo sophy will explain all your difficulties, ~in fact, itiexplains overything: By incarnation, John, incarnation, and reincarnation.' Jack was getting btired. Uncle William had evidently taken up with the now craze whlichl:had been, and still is, the prevailing topic of conver sation, and, like .a child with a. i-oew toy, hlie was trying to show it off to his relative. It' wis true 'the 'little man understood but little of his new hobby, but it seemod: easy and popular to swim with the tide, and so he had lot everything elsoe go to the winds. Still, Jack, weak as he was, wanted to be patient with him, ay, and wanted' to toll him, too, that he had found that which no ' osophy' dlr ' ism ' could over give to him, and so hlie seid quietly : 'Unclo William, I have found some thing more real, more abiding.' ' What have you found, John ?' 'Christ.' ' Ah, John, that is old. We've heard again and again about Christianity; theore's nothing new in it, Johnu.' ' Why, what has Theosophy to give: to the world that ChriStianity has' not ?' 'A great deal, John,: a very great deal. Ohristianity may be ver,\good,. John, but there's not "enough of it. You'see.it falls short, in that it does not promise incarnation, and Karma.' ' What's Karma, Uncle William ?' ' I don't know what Karma is, John, but that is what Theosophy has which iOhristianity has not.' Jack could not help laughing, the little man looked so sincere and so puzzled; yet it seemed terribly sad. Heroe. had this man for long years been following the will-o'-the-wisp of Spiritualism. Heo had been led away by the so-called spiritual mani festations of vulgar charlatans, not taking. the trouble'to find out whether they were the result of trickery, or the working of laws, as yet unknown. Again and again he had boon duped and deceived, and again and again had ho eagerly grtsped every new trick which had been offered to him. And now, as a new theory had been propounded, attested, too, by well known names, he had, eagerly clutched it, hoping thereby to satisfy the long ing of a simple heart. He did not understand it. The terms, by which the system was described, were San scrit to him, and yet he had accepted it without question. 'Uncle,' said. Jack, ' I've tried this Theosophy, that is, I have carefully thought about it. I have read "Isis ;Unveiled" and kindred books, I have attended Theosophical meetings, I' have tried to understand the mysticism of the old Hindbos, and it is as nothing to me. I will admit, it is talked about a good.. deal juste now, and no doubt will be until the craze dies out, and then it will be like a hundred other things which have risen and died. I went to it, uncle, with a sad, yet huingry heart. I wanted to find the pearl of great price, and I tried, honestly tried, to find in it what I wanted. But I didn't, I couldn't. My, heart longed for God, and it offered me no God. It told me there was none, and it was as though an icy hand was laid on my heart. I tried to find comfort in its miracles and its messages from the dead. But what did I find ? Music, ringing of bells, moving of furniture, and such like, just like any clever conjurer could perform. And for messages from the dead, I was told about mysterious letters in the handwriting of departed notorieties, which, as far as I could see, were meaningless, and of, no more value than the writing of some well-paid trance medium or Spiritualistic psy chometer.' t 'Oh, but, John, you are not a Mahatma ; if you were you would talk differently. You are on the Astral plane, it is true ; but you have not entered the state whereby you can be come disembodied.' ' No, I am not in that condition yet. Did you ever see anyone that was ?' 'No, I never did.' ' How do you. know they exist then ?' ' Well, we are told they do, by the highest authorities. They are the Masters, John. 'You see, John, the Masters generally do something great at the close of each century, according to the laws of spirituality. They are 'silent for seventy- five years, and now, as the century is closing, they begin to speak. That's why we've heard so much 'about spirit waves and psychic forces during the last year or two.' ' And where do these Masters.live ?' 'At Thibet.' ' Then no one in England has ever seen them ?' ' Oh, no, John.' ' But what do they do ?' 'Oh, they are the Saviours of the race. They are going to give'to the world what the world wants.' ' And yet no one ever sees them ?' ' Well, you see, John, I can't rightly tell about them. But we must have faith, faith.' ' Faith ! in whom ?' 'In the Masters, Jolhn.' ' But we don't know'there are such' men. If there are, .why don't they show themselves ? Why don't' they' use their wonderful powers in uplift ing socieot, in making the .world better? Why don't they, like Christ, go about doing good ?' ' Ah, John, they are g6ing to re deem the race, not by physical, but by spiritual means.' 'Then they dolr't feed the hungry and clothe the naked? They don't build hospitals and asylums ?' ' Ah;, John, you are too sharp for me. Go to our priestess, my boy. Listen to her.' 'That's just whae I have done, Uncle. 'I' have listened eagerly to all they have to say, and wheo I had heard I was still in the dark. I have listened to all you have to say, be cause I want you to see that you can never be satisfied w'ith what is' only a faint glimmer of the true light.' ' But, John, I tried Christianity long years ago.' 'Did you really try it, Uncle? Christianityis not merely a system to which we give intellectual assent." It is a new lifo. Just think, Uncle. According to Theosophic teachers it is next to .impossible for the poor, thb ignorant, thie degraded, to be bene fited by; it. It,is rather.a philosophical system, for the cultured, the learned. What will it do for the millions of poor and starving ?' "'VWhat is Christianity doing for them ?' 'Not as much as it should, I kndw; but still, something. .This I know. VWhilo your Theosophists are advoca ing this noew cult, and boasting about moving pianos, raining roses, and making music, thoro are thousands of simple people in this city who are visiting the fatherless and tlhe widow, and giving joy and hope to the weary and broken-hearted. And they are doing it because they believe in Christ. You have seen that poor defonnrmed lad with me, Uncle. I saw him first at Picadilly-circus solling matches. He was a street arab. Explain it how you like, but that boy went to a mission hall, and there he accepted Christ as his Saviour. He knew no Theology, he understood nothiug about creeds and systems, but he became a changed lad. His whole nature was altered, purified, he was glad and joyous in the midst of pain, and he died in my arms; just before I was taken ill, with the brightness of heaven shining on his face, and the music of angels ringing in his ears.' ' But John ' ' Listen, Uncle. You know what I was. You know how I longed for an assuranco of the spiritual,, and how I struggled to find it. I saw many strange things, I cannot explain or understand. Much of it, no doubt, was mesmerism and clairvoyance; much was, no doubt, clever trickery. Still, there wore things which remain in mystery ; but they did not help me. The spiritual was no more real to me by seeing spirits. You cahnot say I did not give it a fair trial. I saw.youni most renowned mediums, I witnessed your most startling manifestations, and with what result ? Everything mocked me. They raised questions which they never answered. They offered food which, like the apples of the Valley of the. Dead Sea, fair to look upon without, was at heart only bitter dust and worthless. Then I tried Esoteric Buddhism and Theo sophy, with the same resultsfuntil, as I thought of the darkness of life, I became hopeless.' ' And now, John, what now ?' 'It's all different, Uncle. As' I watched by Rib's bedside, he asked me to sing that old hymn, " 0 Lamb of God, I come i" and step by step he led me to trust in Christ as my Saviour, and the moment I did so, my burdens were gone, and I became con scious of things for which I had been hoping; I knew there was a' God, because I felt Him, and thus because God was real, heaven was real-all was real !' 'And is it real now ?' 'It is all real now.' Uncle Wrilliam went away crest fallen. Hoe could not understand Jack accepting a religion in which there was so little novelty, and yet he could not help feeling that the young man was in earnest. The little man was not Jack's only visitor. Several members of the Theosophical Society came. They ad vanced their views with confidence, ahd spoke authoritatively about ' the seven planes of being,' ' the evolution of souls,' ' the incarnation of spirits,' and 'the indestructible Karma,' but they did not alter the young man. He was like the young man in the New Testament, who when being asked questions about Christ was able to say, ' One thing I know, that whereas I was blind, now I see.' He could not answer all their questions,: he could not meet all their objections. He could not deny the plausibility of many things they said, but this he could say, ' I havyo found Christ, not as an initiate, but as God, the giver of Life. And he is as real to me as my thoughts,' my very self.' And somehow this kind of testimony baulked them. Had he attempted to argueio with them, had he tried to com pare miracle with miracle, mystery with mystery, philosophy with philosophy, they could have met him with better' success ; but against Jack's grand experi ence and consciousness they could do nothing. They had known him as a doubter groping in the dark; but now he spoke with assurance, as if the eternal things were real. His faith, too, illuminated everything, and made everything good possible. He did not accept Christianity as it is too often presented-a set of narrow creeds, a crude system, or a jumble of illogical notions. It was too great to systematize, too great to be hedged in by creeds. He did not believe in God in any narrow, anthropological sense, nor in Christ as .One who came to appease His' father's wrath, but in a God infinite in wisdom, infinite in love. Thus, when the Theosophists asked hium about the meaning of pain, and -misery, and death, hlie said, ' I cannot answer your questions, no man can; but this I know, God is behind it all, and He will do all'things well. oMeanwhile, it is for me to do my duty, it is for me to try and make the world better.' That is the kind of religion we need, and when we have more of it we shall hear less aboutthe new cults and philosophies of our time. Theosophy would not be heard of but for-oiur 6tarved Christianity, andmen are run ning after it because they do not realise .the power of Christ. Man must have a religion.. He 'cannot be satisfied with blank negative and cold materialism. Hence the present lean ing towards Spiritualism; but nothing will, nothing can, satisfy the human heart but God,' the true God, as re vealed in Jesus Christ. And this Jack.felt. He rested upon the Rock of Ages, and was safe, and as day by day he'gained strength, and was able to read, he rested lovingly on tl~ose lines in Tonnyson's 'In Memotriam.' . Our little systems hnave their day, They have their day, and cease to be; They are but brokenlights of Thee, And Thou, O Lord, art more than they. /To c continu~ld.j 