\- HAGLIY PRESBYFERIAN CHU'CH. . - OPENING OF NB5F OBSiN. The ojn-nlag ol the new organ took place in the above chuch «a 8u£-la.y liVi Hiai Beruii'ffc sbi; nrcoiiiing at lie insinoraent The H v. A. Hirdle pruachsd boh morn i Bg and rveniotf to good coB^Tegattoafl. In the evening the xev. gentleman took for fait rnhjeet,' A Model Hearer,' and wu listened to attenH»i-l-. During the discourse the p:eaoherasacd'\Vhnt is a good ?ermont' Was itagood ?enmrothat people jadg«dt or that judged the people I A good sermon was one (hat laid the Jaw ol God on » man's mnuliiiim ? that nude him awAitt of hil res|-oniibilittn ; that made him hear in the Ytry depth« of his heart the judgment of Jc6ub Christ ; makes the hearer retire to tUisnt meditation, to tUtnt jirajer, and the Bilent God. No preaching waa worth any thiog that does not deal f .UifoUj with the hearer. The question is not what ho wishes to hear, tint what he onght to hear. The model hearer thanks the preacher for ?traichtfomrd trnlbs, even though the fl.fli does not Hke it. The minister ol the acspel has to distinguish between wftnts and wishes. Soffic {woulc with that there were mo lasting ?punishment, that the meatii.n of tfil should lie forbidden is onr churches a- the mention of ghosts wan torbiddfn in onr nurseries ; it xrishes to abolish an uni pleasant idoa, and wants tolic delivered from a tremendous lict. i The orgHn is ' Tbe N*w Imporial/' with pipe top. The til esarcbetuiiiuliyprintid, riofs^od with real gold and band fairings It has 12 st'i'.s, Inec swell, »nd grand organ. AIeo 8 sets of reedf, with octave couplers, tie , 2 sote ol 5 octaves each, ana1 one set nf SS. The stops are — Viola, 4ft ; diapason, { 8ft f ? dnlcct, 8ft ; tu.M coupler, vox hnmana, fort*, treble coupler, echo, tift ; eelcsto, 8(t ; I dulciana, lift ; rnelodla, 8ft ; Bute, «t The - inttrumtn*. vu manufactured by W. Bell and Co , Guelph, Oaoada, for .whom Mr B. Gee, of Linnccston, is the sole agent. Too much praise cannot be givtn to pas'or or congregation lot tbo way id which they wnrked to make the church both comfortable aod musical. ! The t-.tfil proceeds of the late flower show ' in aid ot the organ fond amounted to about £46. Hay SO. 