Our Tuesday's Tale. A TALE OF DELIVERANCE. A SULTRY noontide hung heavy over the brilliant city. The parched earth, the sun-baked roofs, the withering flowers, cried to heaven for moisture; but heaven's blue remained unrelieved by so much as the lightest cloud, and men and women hid themselves within the houses, or in the shadow of the massive buildings, and looked with searching, pitiful anxiety one upon another, for each knew that that bril liant sunshine was adding victims every day to the Dark Angel who was passing from house to house with silent tread and fatal message. Edith Fremantle passed this last of many such noontides in stupefied in action. Her throbbing brain refused to work out the problem of how she friendless and alone in that city of the plague, was to escape therefrom. -A. fortnight before she had entered it gaily with her travelling companion, meaning to stay only a night or two on their way homewards. But sud denly Death stepped in, and made the place his own so suddenly that none had time to escape before the strictest quarantine rules were issued. Then j Edith's companion fell a victim to her j fears, and the English girl was left ab- i .solutely alone. Would it be her turn next 1 she-wondered, with the ghost of a smile on her lips ; and, as the long hours crept by, the panorama of her life spread itself before her memory. They bore a curious resemblance of her past, in that though representing many varied scenes and ever-changing .groups of figures, yet the central form, j Edith Fremantle, stood always alone j -an orphan, a ward in Chancery, a girl-student, a beautiful, wealthy de butante-and there "was none who seemed close to her, none who laid a ?caress upon her fair head, or shared her secret thoughts. She passed them in review one by one, somewhat wearily. A lonely death in a strange land might seem a fitting ending for such a life. But there was one more scene to look upon-a winter scene, a soft firelight, a shadowy blackground, and only one other beside herself. Was it worth remembrance, since she had re fused him, not in open language, but so unmistakably that his love had faded into indifference ? His veiled proposal, spoken indolently, quietly, as suited the man; her refusal, pointed, keen, full of a strange impatience why did she recall it so vividly ? Why had she spoken those words and sent him from her ? And the reason was plain to her now as then 1 And she liked him, perhaps loved him, but Tie failed her. The passionate im pulses of her being were checked by bis imperturbable calm. She, who "would fain have had her own powers tried to the utmost, who felt within herself the faculty of martyrdom if need be, was thwarted and repelled by his indolence, his refusal to look on life as anything but a more or less in teresting play. And so he had gone j away, taken his dominating presence j from her life, and left it with a drop of bitterness to flavour its insipidity. Sultry noon gave place to sulty eve, and Edith could bear the silence no longer. At her call, the Spaniard who had been her courier for some months brought her some cooling drink, and tried in his foreign fashion to express Tiis sympathy. The girl listened as in a dream to his well-meant efforts, and thanked him gently. 4Ah! the good God sends us evil days ; but the good days come. Will the Senorita walk down to the seal The breath of heaven blows cooler there than in the city.' * I do not care to walk this evening,' said Edith. 1 How then employ the hours V ' In doing nothing,' she replied bit terly. ' I have nothing to do.' * The Senorita will pardon me if I tell her that we have a proverb : ' The devil tempts all men; but an idle man tempts the deviL" Edith flushed. * What do you mean f she questioned. The Spaniard moved about the room, let in some of the soft evening light, and replied carelessly: 4 The house is silent; silence gives birth to fear. The sea has always a message -for those who listen.' Something in the man's manner roused Edith's curiosity. ' What mes -sage of hope could the sea bring me f e The Senorita knows the Monte 'Evitar? One sees far to the south, .-.and to- night the south wind blows. '"There is a cloud gathering where the sea meets the sky; but the sky travels not so fast as the white wings of a ship. It is a pretty sight-better than ? the deserted streets and gardens. The /Senorita will do well to walk on the Monte Evitar.' * What do ships matter to me ? Can -they help me to escape from this ter rible place? Could I break through -the cordon which keeps us prisoners 1 And} even where that possible, what \- dare to put in here V < It is true,' replied the Spaniard. ?s Shall I prepare some food ? It is long | since breakfast.' The calihness of the man, the tacit ? acknowledgment of her hopeless posi tion, affected Edith paiufully. Life, , after all, was sweet; it held possibili ties of happiness even to her. She would not have shrunk from martyr <dom; but to die like a rat in a trap ! .-ob, it was horrible. .Tell me, is there no way? Can -you give me no "hope ? I must, I will .escape.' 4 The Englishman's arm reaches far : his heart is strong, his will is iron; ii».Tid the south wind blows to-night.' 'Speak plainly,' exclaimed Edith, ft.nr? her voice trembled. 1 What is it I am to dot What do you know? What Englishman is this you speak of ?' « The Senorita will perhaps know . (hp. writings and, so speaking, Carlo ; put a letter in the girl's hand. It was | short and cold ; bat as Edith read it ! the tears gathered in her eyes, and a 1 delicate flush mounted to her pale . cheeks: j * I have heard that you are in that plague-stricken hole, and alone. If you ; wish to escape from it, and will trust me, I think I can help you. It is a plan which needs some courage. I fancy you will be the better pleased. Should you feel inclined to make the attempt, bring Carlo with you to the Monte Evitar at 10 o'clock to night.-EDMUND HOLMES.' It was some minutes before Miss Fremantle could command her voice : sufficiently to question Carlo regarding this missive, but eventually he con . fessed that when they lauded ill Spain he ? had met the English milord, who had ! asked many questions, and that two days since he had made sp bold as to j write and tell him of the Senorita's 1 misfortune. j 1 The good God has sent him ; he I will save us,' added the Spaniard, : watching Edith's face narrowly, j ' He will save us-perhaps,' an j swered Edith. ' You will go with me to-night, Carlo V An affirmative answer could be re lied upon, and slight preparations for their flight were soon made. With beating heart Edith followed her guide to the appointed place, and eventually stood on the verge of the frowning cliff. Straining her eyes over the sea, she could indeed discern the faint phanton vision of a small ship stand ing out some distance from the shore. How was this to help 1 There seemed nothing but silent desolation around her, and below her only the roar of 1 the sea. A feeling of dread over powered her. Was the Spaniard play ing a trick? She was helpless as a child, and, like a child, grew afraid of the darkness. Edmund Holmes-was it, after all, likely that he, the indo- j lent, comfort-loving man of pleasure, ' should put himself at any risk just in order to befriend one who had more than once expressed a lofty scorn of I Ms easy nonchalance ? As the thought took shape he stood beside her. ' Gdbd evening, Miss Fremantle; I am glad you have come.1 The hand which she gave him trem bled in his own firm clasp. 'How did you come? Is it your self, or am I in a dream.' 1 If there had been a. little more light you would have seen me. But these cliffs are the worst I've scaled yet, and took me longer than I thought.' Edith looked down, shuddering. She knew that he had risked his life for her, and yet he spoke as coolly as he had done in the firelit room long ago. ' We have no time to lose, Carlo,' he continued. ' There is a storm brew ing. You will go first, and the Se norita will follow.' Carlo crossed him self, and muttered an Ave between his teeth. ' I am ready, Signor. Is the rope fast?' 'Both here and at the other end. Stay, you will take this other rope with you. When you reach the bot tom ,you will give it a tug. Then pull it very gradually, for I shall fasten it round the Senorita, and hold the other end myself. You understand f ' I understand. May Heaven pro tect us!' And so he vanished into the dark ness. Edmund turned to the girl at his side. 'Does it seem to you too great a risk ? Would you rather go back ?' ' I will not go back. Better death here than there!' The words confounded him. To him, a man strong and clear-headed, the risk of the descent by means of the rope was as nothing; the danger had been in scaling the cliff to begin with; but for the first time he realised fully what it might be to a delicately nutured woman, and the sense of her danger unnerved him for the moment. Her next words angered him unreason ably. 'I thank you for the trouble you have taken, and the risk you have run. It was very good of you, and I I am more than grateful.' I 1 For Heaven's sake stop !' he cried, I and it was the first time she had . heard his voice thrill with passion. j ' Do you suppose I was going to leave I you there without an effort to save | you ?' I * Why not 1 My life is nothing as I compared with yours.' j ' You were once of opinion that my . life was a round of wasted days.5 j ' I was wrong-and yet not altoge | ther,' she replied softly. ' No, Edith, not altogether. But if you had trusted me 3 Then came the tug at the rope. 'Carlo is safe. Are you willing to go V She signified assent, and he buckled under her arms a strong canvas band attached to the second rope. < Carlo will draw you to him, and I shall have the other end, and lower you gradually. The first rope is made fast below, and you must cling to it hand over hand to keep yourself from swinging against the cliff.' Then he added gently, 4 There seemed no other way, dear. Forgive me if it seems too dangerous.' ' It is you who must forgive me. I was vain, foolish, headstrong. I did not know you.' For all answer he pressed her hands passionately to liis lips. * AVe must not lose time. We must hurry. Be brave, Edith, and all will be well.' Oh, the rush of water beneath her, the darkness, and the sense of fight ing the empty air! Slowly, slowly she made the descent, her little hands cut by the wet rope, her brain struggl ing gallantly to keep clear. And all the time her chief thought was that she was going further from her lover. Lower and lower yet, and he was so far above. The tension was becom ing almost too great, when suddenly her feet touched the rock, and Carlo's hands were busy undoing the belt. * Quick Senorita!' he cried. i Get into the boat, and have all ready ; the clouds come fast.' The injunction was a godsend to her, for it gave her no time to think till Holmes had also accomplished the descent. They pushed off without further de lay, the two men pulling for dear life. The risk was now at its greatest, though Edith fancied the worst was over, for the storm was indeed advanc ing rapidly, and every instant Edmund fancied the yacht's lights grew fainter. Not a word was uttered-strength and skill were tried to the utmost. It was a race, fast becoming a desperate one. The muttering of the storm, the loud growl of the thunder, was to the Eng lishman as the sound of doom. His soul was swayed by the strongest emo tion. The full force of his love came to him almost as a revelation; he fought with it, fought with the terror that accompanied it, for he knew that, if once the dread of losing her over mastered him, his very physical efforts would be paralysed. In calm defiance of the elements lay his only chance, and he set his will the task of ignoring her very presence; while the boat sprang forward in answer to his power ful strokes, and seemed to strain through the augry waves like a sentient being. And how was it with Edith % At first she was possessed with a sense of exhilaration. He was near her, and, with a woman's unconscious belief in the omnipotence of her lover, she trusted to him completely, and felt no fear. Darker and darker grew the leaden sky, louder and louder the roar of the conflicting elements-she could no longer see the figures in the boat. Then she leant forward : 4 We ai*e in great danger!' ' Nothing but the mercy of God can save, us now !' he answered hoarsely. ' I want to tell you,' she said, and he heard her voice above the storm, *1 loved you then-I have loved you ever since. I would rather die like this with you than live a lifetime without your love.' Darkness and danger around them, but the light divine, in their souls. ' My darling ! I will save you yet,' he cried. Hark! the sound of men's voices calling loudly. It was Carlo's cry of joy which answered them. A little more struggling, a little clever hand ling of the boat, some moments of ter rible suspense; flashing lights, willing hands, strong arms eager to help, and then at last cheer upon cheer, a heart felt 1 Thank God !' then the swinging i*ound of the yacht, and a gallant plunge, as, head before the wind, she leapt onward, like a greyhound from the leash. A night of anxiety and watchfulness, a dawn of gratitude and peace, and finally a bright, sunny morning ; and the good little ship, with canvas spread to a fair breeze, making very gladly for the shores of England. -LONDON WORLD. 