The Late Right Rev. Bishop Parry, D.D. All schools of religious thought feel that in the decease of Bishop Parry, not only the Anglican communion, but the whole colony have lost a patriot, friend, and counsellor, one who was always unobtrusively to the forefront in those important questions which affect the welfare, progress and happiness of mankind without entering the arena of political strife and contention of party theories. One —as a pupil of Dr Arnold— who never undertook anything from mere speculation or expediency, but upon the integrity of high Christian principle, honour, and integrity. It is not mere panegyric to say he lived, and showed men how to live, the life of a saint—that "he walked with God" and was therefore able to exhibit chose virtues and excellencies which so adorned his character, winning the respect and esteem of all who knew him. On Sunday last, solemn and impressive services were conducted by the Rector of Northam in the Parish Church. The altar, chancel, and pulpit being suitably draped. The Rev. E. S. Glairs preached morning and evening " memorial sermons." The ser- mon in the morning was as follows: PSALM CXII 6. "The righteous shall be in ever- lasting remembrance. " Taken as a whole this psalm, my friends and brethren, sets before us the character land blessedness of the righteous man ; of him who is renewed by the Holy Spirit, in the image of God after the likeness of Jesus Christ, disclosing the saintly character acquired by Divine grace, and manifested in the child of God. The one in whom virtues and excellencies are found as the result of goodness through union with Christ, as one whose heart is fixed trusting in the Lord, that amid all the struggle and strife, all the fascinations and allurements, all the hard cold depressing influences of the world, he remains steadfast, calm, and unconquerable in the, security of his choice " God is the streugth of my heart, and my portion for ever." Who in this life finds "the Lord blesseth the habitation of the just, " not so much, perhaps, with those material blessings which the Saddueian spirit of the age induce men to value as the greatest good, but in those blessings as set forth by holy inspired teaching "In the house of the righteous there IB much treasure," because he is laying up treasure in heaven, " laying up in store a real and lasting blessing. One who bringeth forth the fruit of the good seed with patience," growing in grace, and in the knowledge of Our Saviour Jesus Christ, showing God's work itself in time, " that the path of the just is as, a shining light that shineth more and more into the perfect day. Doing justly, loving mercy, and walking humbly with God, by the faith that looks to Jesus, as seeing Him who is invisible. " So that when they are numbered among the faithful departed, now in the Paradise of Jesus—reckoned with the merciful who are taken, from the evil to come " the memory of the just is blessed. " Beloved, Influential and Perpetual, for " Blessed are the dead, who die in the Lord; even osaith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours for their works do follow with them. " " The righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance, " for their names are written, not on the annals of time to be forgotten in the lapse of years, but " in the Lamb's book of Life. " Thus blessed is the man that feareth the Lord, in that filial fear to keep his commandments, not only in the restraint from evil and negative goodness, " Thou shalt not, " but in the activity of welldoing in goodness giving glory to God the " obedience of the faith that worketh by love, " the love which casteth out the fear that hath torment, and supplies the reverential deep regard " I delight to do Thy will O God " and thus find the height of human happiness here, in this life in the contentment of charity, which is love in doing God's will, that never faileth, but which rises above the things of time and sense, with its companion virtues of faith and hope. " All things shall work together for good to them that love God," and by which these same principles of grace are acted upon, even, as they produce the essentials of the Christian character, of kindness, benevolence, generosity, and a sweetness of disposition towards human beings as human beings in the integrity of godliness. To be sincere and devout, righteous and patient, kind and sympathetic from the principle of faith in God, according to the teaching of the Gospel is the sure way to inherit the Divine blessing. Honesty &nd; integrity and a benevolence of heart are far better corner stones for an honourable name and character than mere cunning and avarice, or even talent and push. To fear God and act uprightly is a higher nobility than blood or birth can bestow, or wealth and fame can obtain. No inheritance is equal to that of an unblemished name, no legacy can excel the blessedness of a saint. A holy life after the pattern of the Divine example, and acquired through the sanctification of the Spirit; personal contact with God in vital union with Christ, of which we are assured in the Holy Eucharist, and can be assured in no other way, of comfort to the penitent and purification to the faithful, is to obtain the blessing of "the Lord that maketh rich and addeth no sorrow thereto, " in that humility of heart, whereby the character stands the test of examination, overcomes the temptations to wealth, survives lhe assaults of slander, outlives the afflictions of time, and will endure the trial of the last great day " when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed. " The clouds may lower and the gloom gather around him, but as surely as the good man's sun goes down it shall rise again. There may come over him a darkness of loneliness that in the agony of soul he will cry out, " My God ! My God ! Why hast thou forsaken me?" As he feels the solitude of darkness, entering into the higher grade of the spiritual life, mentioned by St . Paul, " That I may know Him....and the fellowship of His sufferings becoming conformed into His death. " But the righteous is never forsaken. " The Holy Ghost, the Comforter, " will give him consolation in the assurance of union with the crucified — the life tree of humanity who said " I am the vine, ye are the | branches. " If pecuniary loss fall to the lot of a godly person, or the anguish of personal bereavement for loved ones by the ties of nature, or friends in the communion of saints, who have departed from us for " the little while, " to their rest, Jesus will be the solace and consolation of the grief- stricken soul. And in all things in which sadness, grief, and pain are experienced the sympathy and compassion of Jesus will be the support, and strength of him who lays hold upon the grace of righteousness by the faith in " the Lord our righteousness. " And thus the Apostle could, not only by Divine inspiration write, but also give the confession of personal experience.—" Being justified by faith we have peace with God ; through our Lord Jesus Christ: through whom we have access into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in the hope of the glory of God. And not only so, but we rejoice also in our tribulations, knowing that tribulations worketh patience, and patience probation, and probation hope: and hope putteth not to shame, because the love of God hath been shed abroad in our hearts through the Holy Ghost, which was given unto us. " My brethren, the righteous are worth remembering ; their actions are of the kind which record themselves, and God himself takes charge of their memorials. A good man is not soon forgotten, and the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance, so that we may well, in all ardent honest sincerity not merely wish, but earnestly pray, and "live more nearly as we pray. " "Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his. " The life, like unto the life and character of the saintly Bishop of the church of God who "departed to be with Christ, " to rest from his labours with the "happy ones and holy" in the Paradise of Jesus, on Wednesday, the 15th inst. Little can be said of him, but what every friend to vital Christianity, who knew him, will attest. To know Henry Hutton Parry, late Lord Bishop of this diocese, was to love him. We, of the clergy, felt that in him we had, what is so essential in a Bishop, a father in God. One who had for us the deepest sympathy, upon whose judgment we could rely, and whose counsel we could follow, not because he was our Bishop, but because as a father to us in the faith of the Gospel. And you, my brethren and friends of the laity, feel there has gone from us one of whom during his stay with us it could be truly said was " an Israelite indeed in whom is no guile." One who, In this now widowed diocese, will long be remembered with esteem and veneration, for his saintly character, and sterling worth as a Christian, who manifested all those qualities of a righteous man, whose acts and words were all done and said, as one of integrity and principle. By my own personal knowledge, and by the testimony of others I knew our beloved friend and Bishop as one who was guided in all his doings, not by an amiability of disposition, gentleness, and all those qualities which so adorned and beautifully harmonized in his saintly character, but BY PRINCIPLE, and in this lay the secret of his life. Blending an amiable kindness of heart with firmness; charity with the adherance of loyalty to the church, land the catholic faith, because he was a man of high Christian principle, and he dealt with men as according to them the same trust which guided turn in his own actions and conduct. And this is why we confess our feelings by the words unanimously expressed "a good man has been taken from us." One eminent for his personal holiness and piety, devotion to God, and love of human beings as such, as his labours not only for his own countrymen of the Anglo-Saxon race, but also on behalf of the aboriginal natives of this colony attest. It was said of him that he was one of a catholic spirit, and that truly, because he was a catholic in the true sense of the term as defined by the church. Rejoicing to please, and fearing to offend God, careful to abstain from the appearance of evil, and zealous of good works. One who holding, as he did, the catholic faith, had such an ardent, earnest desire of the welfare of the church, and the diocese over which he presided, and the colony generally, that we shall never know what we owe to his prayers and intercessions till we meet with him before Christ's great white throne at the day of account. Such an one was our late Bishop, as a man of prayer, that in his intercessions he so identified himself with the church and the diocese, that when on the threshold of Paradise the words of the General Thanks, gilding in our, Prayer Book were heard to fall from, his lips. My brethren, the shock of the suddenness of the decease of our Bishop, is the voice of Jesus, saying "Be ye also ready, for in such an hour as ye think not the son of man cometh." Jesus comes to us now in grace and mercy calling us to follow Him. He comes to us in the Holy Eucharist, saying, "come unto me all that travail and are heavy ladened and 1 will refresh you." And yet, Oh sadly, we grieve Him and in the naughtiness of self-will and self- pleasing to the sin of disobedience by turning away, causing Him to lament " Ye will not come unto Me, that ye might have life." The Scriptures tell us "The righteous hath hope in his death," and the lives of the saints among us and those departed from us, tell us how they become righteous and acquire that hope of immortality. By the grace of God, and the use of that Grace. For this and by this let us labour in the exercise of faith in Christ and obedience unto the truth as it is in Jesus, and through the sanctification of the spirit, so walk in newness of life, that as true Christians, we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith in Jesus Christ, which worketh by love. 