GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH, HOCHKIRCH. INDUCTION OF THE REV. EMIL DARSOW. Last Sunday was an eventful day for the German community at Hochkirch and the sur rounding district, it being the occasion on which the place of spiritual shepherd, vacated by the death of the late Pastor Schurmann, was again to be filled. Members of the congregation from all parts of the circuit, came to be present at the induction of their new minister, and when the time of toe commencement .of toe service arrived the church was densely crowded throughout. It had been first ioteaded that the Be vs. E Wiese, of Jindera (N.S.W.), and Chr. BrmF» of Geogery (N.S.W.), were to be present, but indisposition preventing tbe latter from leaving his home, Pastor Wiese performed the ceremony of introducing the new minister to his charge and congregation. The Rev. E. Darsow was notentirely strange to tbe Lutheran community at Hochkirch, as he had been for some years ministering to the congregation at Germ an town, near Geeloug, And bad visited and preached in this district on several oc casions. After the usual opening service, toe Bev. EL Wiese delivered a abort address to the congre gation from the text io the firat Epistle of St .Paul to toe jTfaessalonians, 5th chapter, verses 12 and 13, " And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour amoog you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you ; and to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake ; and be at peace among your selves.9' The speaker said he stood before them there that day to introduce to tbem their new minister, bathe would not like to be there if he did not feel that God bad led fafm. All dis- .pensations came from the Lord. They had long wandered with their -old shepherd, who bad been leading them through years of joy and sorrow, aud had ministered to tbem faithfully till it bad pleased toe Lord to call bim away from his labour to his rest, and now He hid sent them another shepherd to take care of them. Everything came from the Lord, and if they could not say thftt from the bottom of their heart, there would be no blearing on that day's proceedings. " We beseech ycu, brethren, to koow them wbich labour among you." Who -was. labouring for tbem? Their minister was. And why was he labouring for them ? To r save the souls. 'They all knew their new minister, and knew bow he would declare to them toe Word. He would not only preach to them and teach them tbe Word of God, but he would also,. be over them in the Lord and admonish them. He would walk before tbem to show them the way they should go ; he would love them end pray for them. They might say, ' Of course he will pray for us, he must do it, be is paid for doing it" Ah, such prayer would avail them nothing. Like a mother watebed over ber child, taught and guided it and prayed for it, so a faithful minister watched over and prayed for his flock, and if any of them were going astray he would reprove them and would try to lead them back to the right path. He would be continually with them. In times of sorrow and anguish he would mourn with tbem and console them ; in times of temptation and ran he would teach and reprove tbem ; aud at all times he. would pray for them. It was part of their duty to submit themselves . to his teaching and his reproof. And toe text told tbem that they should esteem him very highly in love for his work's sske, and be at peace with him. Let them make a compact between tbeir minister and themselves to work together in Christian love, and to be st peace with each other at all times, 'and especially to pray for each other. If they did that God's blessing would rest on 'them. Pastor Darsow then stepped before the altar and was presented with the call from the con- gregation.after which Pastor Wiese addressed a few.words to tbe minister, the elders and the congregation, with regard to their relative duties, at tue conclusion ot wnxcu fastor JJarsow was form&lly; welcome! by the elders. This concluded toe first portion of toe ceremony. The newly- appoioted minister then addressed the congregation about the preaching of the Word since toe commencement of the Christian era. .Before B3s datb,Chri«t had sent out His disciples to preach toe Word, which had gradually spread all over toe world. He then spoke of the high and sacred office of a preacher of the Word of God. This con gregation had been highly blessed in the person of tbeir lite preacher, who for orty years had taught them, and had laboured for toe welfare of their souls, till toe Lord had relieved him from his work, and had called bim home to rest. Tbe speaker knew well that it had caused them much pain, and tb&t; they bad mouroed for him, and were mourning for him efill if. VOE rlfftlf f.Vlof (tiatr .li nnlJ an but Go! the Lord had been with them, and bad given them another preacher, and that day He lad knit the tie between them and bim. He had accepted their invitation, and bad come to them, not because he wat in want. He had parted from his former congregation midst bitter tere. Some 'ime ago he bad received a call from Queensland, which after some con sideration he had declined. Afterwards doubts . had arisen within his soul whether h« had acted right in so doing,' and he had then made a vow that be would accept the very next call which should be extended to him. He had not ex- peefcel then that it would come so soon. However, he had accepted their call, and they, so doubt, wished to bear from bim bow he intended to work among them, And he would therefore eugage their attention for a short time while be spoke, (I), of bis promise to them ; and<2), toe promise lie wou'd ask tbem to make to him. He would take for his text the words recorded in the first epistle to the Thessalonians, in the 13th verse of the 2nd chapter : — " For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when wami a# /lu) nki.1. m _£ m, ye received it not a« tbe word of men, bnt as it is in troth, the Wold of God, which effectually woricetb also in yon that believe." First, then, his promise to them. A fsithfnl minister conld not do his work io his own way, bat as he had been commanded .by the Lord. He>onld preach to tbem nothing bnt the Word of God sb given in the Ola and New Testa ments. He wonldnot talk to tbem of politics, and would not tell them what this emperor or that long bad said or done, bat he would speak to them of what the King of Kings had told tbem in the Bible ; neither would he tell tbem of the teachings of -scientific men, in short, he would preach to (them nothing bat the Word of God. He would add nothing to it and take nothing from if. He woold teech tbem the law and the gospel, he dared not sepa/ate one from the other. He would give them the sharp edge of the law if tbey did wrong. He could not do otherwise, it was his duty, and he would do that without f ear. He would therefore not neglect to follow the -com mand of God to punish and to warn them, and they must not bs offended at it. "When "the preaching of -tbe law had taken its effect be would preach to tbem the gospel, and he would never tire of telling them of thr lnrr priV" i Father in heaven who had given urs bnly Son for the salvation of sinners. Of this Father WAnld hit nMUiti ti toftm. Anil thon hn vnnM preach tosbem about tbe Son and would lead them to the cross where He had -died for their sins in order to save them from eternal death ; and who had taught them so to live that when they fell aaleep thoy would do so in peace and awake in eternal bliss. And lastly be would preach to them the Holy Ghost ; in short he would preach to them -of the love of God the Father;- the grace ;of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the communion of the Holy Ghost. He would comfort those who were in trouble, in sickness, or dying, and would daily bring them in his prayers before God, That would be bis work and that was -what be pro mised that day to do for them. And now let them hear what he would ask them to promise him. Being onlv snn, and a poor miserable tanner, he would ask them to accept the word he preached not as his word, but as tbe Word of God, and that they would look upon him as the servant of God. They must not expect him to keep back any trirthhBcanse they "did hot like to hear it, but they must.. expect to hear him preach, console,, warn and punish. them. He would ask them-io be constant and punctual in their attendanoe in the' house of God, and let them take the Word which they would hear-there to their heart . He would ask them to lead a lifeof brotherly love, "that "one might help the other, and to avail' themselves of his services. If any of them felt any doubts in their hearts, let tbem come to him and confide in him ; if some be "dissatisfied, let them nnt spread dissafisbefion- among - others, but oome to bim ia all confidence. IE they w ere in trouble let them confide it to him, end when in sickness let them eend for him. This was his xequestto them. ' He would now ask God's blessing pn his in-coming and hist_aching, so that on the lastday be might be able to givp- a good account of the souls entrust .d to him. Might the Lord bless them alL . "The sermon -was listened to with great atten tion, and at the conclusion of the service Pastor Darsow" received a "heafty welcome from his parishioners. light refreshments had been provided in the js shpolroom for those who had eome from 'a distance, after partaking of which 'the'eongregstsmi'agsin assembled in the ohurdh, Festok Wiese preaching the sermon. 