BREVITIES. Kkoii the latest English files to baud we take thefollowlng interesting Items Wben tbe Duke and DucbesB of York visited York tbey were presented with a golden loving-cup. On their arrival at York House. Bt. James's, a deputation, beaded by tbe Lord Mayor, presented tbe Mansion House wedding gifts, con sisting of a silver dinner service and a diamond necklet. The Dukenf CounBrght, who was en tertained at a banquet before leaving Portsmouth, has taken up the command at Aldershnt. Duke Alfred bas come Into £15,000, which was discovered In oneof tbec.Btles of bis predecessor, tbe late Duke of Co burg The elght-yesr-^ld King of Spain la no longer regarded bb a child. Io future he !b toocoupybls own apartments In tbe palacos, aod will bave a household of bis own. The King of Old Calabar, a coloured youtb, bus arrived iu Euglaud to gel a iittlu scuooling. Mr. Gladstone has offered a baronetcy to Dr. Cnuimlug, a Belfast medical man anil Professor In Oueen's College. Sir Edward Watkln uae oow purchased j tbe wbole of Snowdon. He formerly owned a considerable portion of tbe mountain. After all, the R-iyal bucklinunds are tn hunt Lame stags for another season. Tbe Humanitarian League have drafted a bill which is likely to corns before Parlia ment. It proposes to include not only any stag and fox. but every rabbit, bare, and otter In tbe category of domeBtio animals protected by law, provided isuob animals bave been captured and kept In ooDfloement. ^ A etatue or uenerai uoroou u.o u«u unveiled atGraveaend, wbere be resided for els years. It Is of terra-cotta, the General being represented as holding in bis band tbe cane wbicb the CbineBe soldier, called his ' wand of victory.' Tbe Colobester oyster feast was attended by 400 gueate, Including tbe Duke nf Cambridge and tbe Lord Mayor of Lon don. Nearly 12,000 oyeter* whb Co. - ?uni»d. , ,, The D'llrv show «t. the AB'ICUltum Hall, lalingt-u, W«B » success til point nf I the quality and quantity ot caUle. A champion nr K. tor Jersey cattle was awarded in a lady al Great Mlasendan, Bunks. There was a good show nf goatf. Butter-making cnmpetillous were a feature In the show. The Hhafteshury Memtrhl drinking fountain at Ploadllly-aircus. designed by Mr. Gilbert. H.A., lias been severely criticised from an artistic point of view, and the County Council have decided to efleot some Improvements. Tbe water supply was Inadequate, and was said to be Impure. Pnfiiuiatic bub* to lh* of ni« cyoles are lo tslte tne place nf pneumatic tyres. A Cheltenham l»dy his presented In tbe Church Sunday --choul Institute a pair nf spectacles which belonged lo Robert Rilkes. A memorial w ramer wnn™ by the Leprosy Fund raised in this country, has been unveiled on the island of Molokal, the scene of bis labuurs. The Austrian Archduke Ferdinand hss been shooting in ludla, blB'hag' includ ing 5 elephants, 1 buflaln. 43 bucks, 30 wild hoar, 20 tigers, and 17 jackals. An engineer proposes to light Constan tinople electrically hy means of power derived from the molioii ol tbe sea. A boy aged 14 has Just been lunded at Hull, who was tbe only living person found at sea on a slaking smack. Tbe vessel had been in collision, and tbe lad was injured. Un recovering conscious ness be found himself alone and the vessel sinking. For two days be worked at the pumps, and was at length picked up by a passing vesBel. A hundred tomns have bneu laid bare in the Isle of Salamis, wbicb date back hundreds of years before Christ, the city on which they stood being referred to by Homer. A eteam whaler passed last winter In the Polar ice, and, aided hy nn open sea, worked ber way tbia summer In pursuit of wbales to within 6° (414 miles) of ibe P.ile, the most northerly point man has yet reached. Had he been provided witb dogs and a sl»dge I ho captain would bave made an effort lo reach tbe Pole. No fewer than three expeditions are on their way to tbe Pilp. Lieutenant Peary Ib accompanied hy Ilia wife, and she will remaiu at a lonely camp Iu Greenland, accompanied hy ber mat?, while the party make their explorations. Carrier pigeons will, it la expected, convey messages to ber from I lm r.^rlv A. larfcp field nf Huonisb graves has been discovered In Hungary. Among the belter class horses were burled with their owners. The ekeletoUB were adorned with massive gold earrings and other trinkets. Safety-pins were worn, and in one grave there wasasiiver pencil case. Implements of war were bnried Willi thn men, and Roman noins of the fourth century were in tbe bands of each skeleton. Monday, Ootober 9, was Chicago Day at the World's Fair, aod 750,000 persons entered the gates. 8»veral llveB were lost in the cruali, and 250 injured people bad tn be taken to the hospital. A Waterford gentleman completed bis 100th year nn Tuesday, October 9. Au inmate of Weston-green almshouses has just oelebrated ber centenary, five generations of relatives being present to do ber bononr. A widow at Chichester has been beep ing ber 102nd birthday. A man who served in the Peninsular w*r has fust died at Brewood, aged 104. The servants aod visitors at Hampton Court Palace etill insist that ' ghosts ' of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Henry VIII. 'a wives, haunt tbe rooms. A night watchman iu the grounds is said tn havo been so alarmed at tbe eight of au apparition that be has resigned his post. Tbe Croydon magistrates have granted au affiliation summons against Rev. Thomas Closa, chaplain of the Metropoli tan Asylum for Imbeciles, Caterham, at tne inetance of Alice Sarah Hockley, formerly a servant In tbe institution. This is a case in wbicb tbe Goldstnne Bench refused a summons on tbe ground tbat there was no corroborative evideuce, although tbe rev. gentlemau was auxious [ tbat it should Issue, bo that be migbt de I fan ft hia pAnnUUnn. ?? Is a man old at 50?' bas been the subject of a newspaper correspondence. One man, aged 51, declared his readiness to run. swim, or box the average man of 2». Another iu Mb 63rd year can run fnr miles, and receudy rode 60 miles In one day on a tricycle. A party of Gentlemen visited tbe village of Boulge, Suffolk, and plauled rosF-treee at the grave of Edward Fitzgerald, poet and translator «f the works of Omar Khayyam, a Persiau chronicler of the lltb century. Seeds for the trees were picked from buBbea growing near tbe tomb of Khayyam In Persia. The Duke of Sutherland Ib being urged by tbe Connty Couocll to reopen tbe gold fields on his Scotch Estate in order to give remunerative employmen'. Tbe gold fields have been closed for years, but it is thought they would prove proaucuve u the Utest machinery were used. On the Highland railway ibe other day two earls, a countess, two Cabinet Ministers, and un admiral, with tbelr respective families, were third-clues passengers in one train. The leading tradesmen ofSnBtbampton bave passed a resolution ncordlng Ibeir opinion that Christmas boxes should he abolished. At a bicycle race near London tbe winner kept up a speed ol 20 miles for 12 consecutive boura. An international yacht rao« at New York fnr the America cup created con siderable excitement. Lord Duuraven's yacht, Valkyrie, which crossed tbe At lantic In bope of bringing bome tbe trophy, was however, beaten by tbe Vigilant, en American yeobt. The Earl's Court Forestry Exhibition and tlie World's Water Show closed on Saturday, October 7. The refreshment contractor wbb fined £20 for selling gla«ses or milk adullerated with water. A lady swimmer sued her employers at tbe Water Show for £30 for wrongful dismissal, and reoovered tbat amount. For the defence, It was alleged that tbe plaintiff wbs Incompetent. A Newmarket lady wbn fell aud broke ber leg while danoing lies commenced an action against her p.rtuer, to whose alleged clumBlpess sbs utlilbutes the accident. Tbr polioe In Aberdeen bave brought a charge of cruelty against two Jews or. tbe ground tbat recently, at the opening of a Jewish synagogue, tbey slaughtered a bullock ' after tlie Hebrew fashion.' Dropsy is said to have been uninten tionally cured by an Infusion of toBd in wine. Toads dried and reduced to pow ders were, It seemB, regsraen oy tne ancients bb a cure for tbis and otber maladies, A Weat-Bnd medical man performed an oporatlon upon a .on of Lord Annesley, wbo suffered from stammering. A fee of £80 was charged, tbe time occupied in tbe operation being tbree minutes. Lord Annealey paid £12, and wbs sued for tbe remainder. The defenoe was that the operation wbb unsuccessful, but tbe medical man recovered the full amount. A lady resisted a charge of £6 for ex tracting a wisdom tooth and supplying a falee one, and a new plate, but tbe dentist reoovered tbe amount Id tbe Westminster County Court 