A LOAN FEOB A 6E0ST, \- — — — . A good many yean ago the regiment to which I fhen belonged was quartered at Aldershot. After a long absence from England, spent on a parching rock in the middle of the Red Sea, bleak and dreary Aldershot seemed a very para dise. It was delightfully nearLondon, too; leave was easily, to he obtained, and a great paft of my spare time and more than all my spare money was spent by me in the metropolis — spent, I am ashamed to confess, in riotous living and much disorder. I lost all my available funds, mortgaged my commission to the utmost penny, and found myself fevered and parched in body, in soul wretched and des pairing. I had come to the end of my tether. I was done up, life had nothing hut evil in store for me. On the following week I should be posted as a defaulter on the turf. I should leave the army in disgrace, and such tidings would kill my widowed mother. It was Sunday night ; I had been in London trying to raise money, hut uselessly ; the Jews closed their fiats to me. I only wanted a hundred pounds to pay my Derby losStes; this achieved, I could sell out and retire without open disgrace ; but I couldn't raise it. My last sovereign was changed in paying my hotel hill on that Sunday night. I had a return ticket to Aldershot in my pocket and a few shillings besides, nothing else in the world in the way of available assets. I think if I had been possessed of a five pound note I should have gone to Liverpool and taken a steerage passage to America. It was the limited extent of my means which made me resolve to go back to Aldershot and appear on parade next day. TEE COLD MEAT TRAIN. At that time there was a train which left — not Waterloo, hut some station a little down the line ; it might have been Vauxhall, or possibly Nine Elms, I scarcely remember which— the station at midnignt. It was popularly known amongst us as the 44 cold meat train. " Its passengers were dead bodies for the Woking Cemetery . The railway had, for the convenience of the camp, affixed to this train one first-class carriage. After leaving the dead bodieB at Woking the carriage was run on toFarnborough, whence you could walk to the camp. The train was moving when I .got to the station, hut I had just time, despite warning shouts of guards and porters, to Men the door of the last carriage and jump in. The other com partments of the carriage I noticed were lighted, hut this one was dark; that didn't affect me ; I didn't want to read. I took out a box of matches, and proceeded to light a cigar. As the glow of the match lit up the interior of the carriage I saw in the corner along dark object, quite black, and yet with some little metallic gleam about it ; it was a coffin reared up at the farther side of the carriage, a board being placed behind it, against which it leaned. I lit a match, and read the inscription on the plate : "William Heathcote, died 25th May, 18—, aged 25 years. " The hair on my head rose in a mass, my heart ceased to heat. My own name, my own age, and" the very date of the day that Was now just born. A FEAETUL EESOLTTTION. It chimed in, too, did this inscription so mys teriously with that impulse I had felt the whole day — a turning to self -destruction as a means of escape from all the degradations of life. I would accept the omen. I carried with me a small American revolver. It would kill at twenty paces. I drew it out and placed it against my forehead. Then it struck me that the ball, after passing through my head, might pass also through the partition dividing the compartment, and strike some one in the next carriage. I turned, therefore, my hack to the window, and again placed the muzzle of the pistol to my forehead. Again I withdrew it. There was no hurry. The train did not stop till it reached Woking. I wanted a signal ; the whistle of the engine as the driver sighted the red lamps of Wokmg should be thesignal for my departure from the world. " Yes, " I said aloud, turning upon myself in a sort of frenzy ; " yes, the moment the whistle Bounds, William Heathcote, you shall die." The rising moon was shining brightly into the carriage, full upon the coffin, and upon its mys- terous inscription. I don7 1 think I really believed this coffin had any tangible existence. It might oe hut the product of my own brain. Looking up, however, to see if it had disappeared I saw uo longer the coffin lid, hut a white shrouded figure — a pallid, corpse-like face, the eyes of whieh shone upon me with a sepulchral gleam. -> For the moment I thought I had passed into the , land of shadows ; that I was a disembodied spirit looking upon my own mortal remains. I came to myself with a deep gasp, digging my finger nails into my palms. Ah, the joy of that moment after tne torture of the struggle hack to life. Life ragged, miserable it might he, hut still dear life, how preciouB it seemed. Shadows, I defied them. . THE GHOST SPEAKS. "Come forth, old mole, " I shouted to my double in the coffin. He came forth. As I live he stepped out of the coffin, seated hinn»»Tf opposite me, and leaned for ward to speak into my ear. / Mercy ! Mercy ! " shrieked the figure in a voice that pierced the roar of the train. " See, " cried the figure, slipping a paper into my hands, " Keep it, keep it ; only don't betray me. " " Whew- w!» went the whistle of the engine. I turned my head for a moment, the moon had just passed into a cloud, the figure had vanished, khe coffin still stood in the corner, dark and grim. v | It wasn't till I reached my own hut at Aider- shot that I examined the paper the ghost had given me, and which, in my delirium, I had imagined I had thrust into my waistcoat pocket. Here was a test, at all events ; if there was a real paper, hearing signs of its ghostly origin, then I was still sane, and the apparition I had witnessed was not a delusion of the brain. In the corner of my waieteoat pocket was a crumpled pieceof flimsypaper; I unfolded it, and found it was a Bank of England note for a hundred pounds. From that hour I was an altered man. I paid my gambling debts, studied for the Staff College, passed a good examination, Went to Sandhurst, came out with high honors, and having a little influence at headquarters, got an appointment as commissioner to watch the operations of the American War of Secession on General 's staff. ' THE GHOST EE-APPEARS. It was at the close of a bloody, but decisive, battle, which resulted in the retreat of the the South, that I visited the field hospitals at the. rear of the Federal Army in search of afriend who had been wounded during the day. The doctors and attendants were afl ®ttntion to my wants, and I walked down the long rows of hastily improvised coudies. Scraps of paper, on whieh the names of the patients had been hastily scrawled, were pinned to the coverings, and! started as I read on one " William Heath cote"— my own name. The man appeared to he sin king from exhaustion, but pe brightened up when he heard the tones of a friendly voice. X knejt down beside him, and gsked if I could do anything for him. Hs nodded his head ' You're English, " he whispered. "Yes, I am." "So am I. If you should be Inthe neighbor hood of Bedford, and should be able to hear of an old wmii in the name of Heathcote, a retired draper, yill you tell him hie son died in a credit able way ? I was a disgrace to him, sir, when I was alive ? hut when 1 run dead, perhaps he will think Mildly of me again. I'll tell yon my story, sir. I was a rogne— I was, sir. I was an undertaker, hut I was a collector of taxes, too ; and I entered into a conspiracy to defraud the Government. - It came out, but I had warning in time. I shammed dead, and got away in one of my own coffins with all the 4 swag. ' They wasn't very keen after me, but just at the last- moment I thought they'd have me. A detective followed me right to Woking, hut I 'squared him with a hundred pound note, and got clear away to America by the Southampton packet. It never prospered me, that money ; and I got lower and lower till I 'listed as a soldier ; and here I am. I'm getting tired, sir. Don't for get Bedford— Heathcote, retired draper. " I passed on in wonder and astonishmen _ It was no special care, then, of _ an overruling Providence ; my wonderful warning and deliver ance was a mere affair of chance and accident. As I passed the man's couch again he lay on it stiff and stark and dead. I found out the old man in Bedford. He was living with a daughter in abject poverty, and I repaid to him the hundred pounds with com pound interest. To him I seemed a celestial visitant. — "Uhambers's Journal." 