THE. Sarragunl Quartial TUESDAY, 23RD MAY, 1803. For some time past the Great ilorwell Coal-mining Company have been thinking over the advisability of: purchasing a briquette manufacturing machipe, but although guaranteed a grant of £2,500 from the Government, the company were dubious about purchasing, a machine. However, matters are now assuming a more definite shipe, and arrangements have been made with the Austral Otis Elevator Engineering Company for the puichase of a briquette machine. Adver tisements also appear in local papers calling for tenders for the erection of buildings for the briquette factory. It is expected that some of the plant will be one the ground next week, and in about two months the whole bf the plant. This will be thei first briquette manufacturing coinm pany in Victoria, It has hitherto been the law in Japan that if a woman, was not married by t certain age the authorities picked out a man and compelled him to marry her. The Mikado has just abolished this usage. The future Japanese women will be allowed to live and die maids, as in Europeah countries. Perhaps the most curious occupation conceived by a woman is that of a dinner taster. She is a product of Parisian refinement. She spends a part of each day in visiting houses and tasting the dishes intended for dinner. She suggests improvements, and shows the cook new ways of preparing dishes. She has a large number of patrons, and rides in a cab." The death is announced at his residence, Newport, of the oldest Victorian colonist in the person of Captain David Fermaner, for a long period liarbourmaster and pilot at Port Albert. Captain Fermaner came to Australia in the early thirties, and stood on the shore at Lady Bay when the vessel conveying the Hentys arrived there. Afterwards he removed to Port Albert, where he was first appointed pilot under the New South: Wales Government. Reared as a whaler, he was a daring sea man of a stamp which, from the altered circumstances of sea-faring life, has almost disappeared. The sand-bar at Port Albert, like most of the inlets on the south and east coasts of Australia, is very treacliei ous, and 1lot unfrequently in the: early days " Davy the Pilot" had to face the breakers in order to safely pilotiover the channel bar vessels which otherwise would have been lost on the shelterless Ninety Miles Beach. Nevertheless many wrecks did occurr, notably the Sylvanus (steamer), Thistle (steamer), Victoria (barque), and others. Captain Fernianer brought the passengers of the Thistle to Port Albert clad in blankets. In grateful remdm branco of this deed he and his crew were suitably rewarded, the captain being pre sented with a gold chronometer. Mr. Fellows, then Attorngy-General and one of the rescued passengers, headed the subscription-list.. It has been decided by a number of the Premier's friends resident at Caulfield, Rosstown, Murrnmbeena, and Oakleigh, to tender him a banquet, the date of which has been fixed for June 7. With the view of accommodating the large number of guests who are expected to be present, it is intended to hold the gathering in the large dining-hall of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club at the Caulfield racecourse. After all, it is not improbable that the Mercantile Bank prosecutions may be continued before the Central Criminal Court. The Attorney-Generalhaving dis charged what he held to be his duty in connection with the case, by reviewing the evidence taken against the two de fendants committed for trial and entering a 'nolle prosequi,' the matter lias advanced another step. The Solicitor General, Mr. Isuacs, has announctd that a regard for the administration of strict justice and a sense of what is due to the honor of the country have induced him to exercise the co-ordinate powers which are accorded to him by section 388 of the Crimes Act, and that he also will examine the testimony and give an independent decisisn upon it. All the uncertainties of the future which had to be faced by Sir Matthew Henry Davies and Mr. Frederick Millidgeo before Sir Bryon O'Loghlen ap. parently settled their fate have therefore again to be met by them, and they may yet get 'a chance of being tried for con spiracy to defraud, and perhaps hionorably acquitted by a jury of their countrymuen. The Solicitor- General says he will be asblo to announce his decision not later than Wednesday next, and perhsaps on Tues day. The attitude taken up by the Prenier in regard to the proposal of the Solicitor-General to review the evidence and take the responsibility of remitthiig Sir Maitthew Davies and Mr. Millidge to trial or otherwise, irrespective of the 'nolle prosequi' entered by the Attorney. General, is so antagonistic to M\ir. Isaacs that the result may probably be the retire ment of the latter from the Ministry. The new winter time table cannot be said to be working. very satisfactorily on the Necrim and Tlhorpdale lines, and- the Commissioners will scarcely effect the saving they anticipated. Special trains had to be run to Neerim on Tuesday last, and to Thorpdale, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, so that a return to a more common senc and at the same tiime satisfictory running is not unlikely. An iimportant development took place during the week by the striking of the reef at the 750ft. level in the Great South Long Tunnel mine. In driving north and south the lode is 2ft. Gin. bide and shows good coarse gold through the stone. The south drive has been extended 49ft., with it strong dyke and a good-looking vien of stone on the footwall. The levels of the Long Tunnel mine are looking exceedingly well. The Long Tunnel Extended is looking much better this month. The retorted gold for the fortnight is 587 oz: On Sunday evening about a quarter past nine o'clock Sergeant Hillard and Con stable Steedmian entered the back premises of a certain tobacconists' shop, in Smith street, Warragul, and found above a dozen young men and small boys seated round a table, card'playing. The appearance on the scene of the police rather disconcerted the gamblers, and theirpersurbed feelings were not calmed on Sergeant Hillard entering the names of the whole of them in his memoranduln book, with a view of proceedings being taken against them for gambling, and the occupier for piermitting gambling to be carriedon on his premises. It has come to the knowledge of the police of late, that small boys and others have been in the habit of frequenting this place for the purpose of gamblinig, and it is to be lhoped that the action of the police will put a stop to such disgraceful proceedings in the town, the effect of lwhich must be most demoralising to the youths concerned. The attention ot the directors of district creameries and butter factonrief invited to the results obtained by the manage ment of the Trafalgar Butter Factory (given in another column) from a Babcock milk tester. It is very e'vident that if payment by results is based upon the tests as recorded by tlhe common glass tubes, very serious iinjustice miay.be done to milk supplie-s, and that it is absolutely necessary to secure a more reliable tester in common fairness both to the suppliers and the shareholders. Payment by results is the only equitable method of dealing between factory and supplier and thepractice is rapidly gaining favor. The revenue from lands, which for some months past has beens coming in very satisfactorily in spite of the depression, shows a 'serious falling off for the week ending the 7th inst. The total aimount ro coived up to that date was £4383761 as compared willth £408,89, the estimate for thle period showing an apparent deficiency of £19,634. The deficiency at the end pf the preceding week was £14,189, eso that it has increased by over £5000 in one week, a result which. may be largely attributed to the wholesale suspension of banks. . The current number of " Piunch" con . tains an appropriate cartoon oi the bank reconstruction schlemes. The shareholder is represented by a noble and well-bred steed, quietlygrazing on "uncalled capital!' and "'17 per cent. dividends," while ;. gaunt form representing the depositort is vainly struggling over the reconstruction fenep, heavily shaciled with Acts of Par liamoent. Tho crop of deposits onil the other side has just been sown and cannot be cut for five years, :We o ro pristslig btoisesis onsilopts at Os, Gd, per 1000. I The Whit-Sunday services wore cele brated on Sunday last at St. Paul's Church, Warragul, the Rev. A. Allnutt, officiating; fair congregations on each occasion. In the evening the rev. gentleman delivered a very enlightening sermon, which was attentively listened to throughout, and the choir sang successfully, the Anthem "Tho day of Pentecost," the quartette portion of which was both evenly and harmoniously rendered. and Miss Tyson took the first verse as a -solo of " Come, Holy Ghost," which was also sung well and correctly. Every Drawing-room -in the land would certainly look richer and brighter for such chaste and reherche subjects as "In Love" and " The Peacemaker." Several Hungarian officers of the Honved army were amusing themselves recently with two bears in a cage -on the private estate of -Court Nicholas Esterhazy at Totis. - One of the officers, Captain Ursprung, rashly, for a joke, put his arm through the railings of the cage. It was immediately seized by the animals, and the unfortunate officer could not be got away before the bears had torn the whole of his arm to pieces. The Fine Art Co., certainly deserves the thanks of the community in placing witnin reach of the public Gems of Art at such extra ordinary low prices. The "Paper and Print ing are Simply Suyerb." Mr C. S. Afileck, tlhe secretary of the Warragul and West Gippsland Agricul tural. Society, was not a little surprised on Saturday to receive a voucher for "£132, subsidy to the society for the year 1892. The amount is less by £18 titan the sum expected, and it would appear that the Department have adopted the scale which was cdforced nearly 12 month's after the subsidy was due. Mr AMeck has written to the head of the Department asking for an explanation. The recent appointment by the Railway Commissioners of a force of Otto Ber liner's detectives as a check against pilfer ing on the Victorian lines does not appear to have had the desired effect. Repeated complaints have of late been made of goods disappearing between Melbourne and Warragul. On Saturday last Messrs. Anderson Bros. lodged a claim for J:25, the value of a quantity of groceries lost from a consignment sent from town. Mr. W. Rhoden, Central Shire Ponud keeper, will hold a pound sale on Friday next at the yards. The Rev. W,. M . . Alexander, of Erskine Church, Carlton, preached two excellent and well-delivered discourses at the Warragsl Presbyterian Church on Sunday, to good congregations. In another column will be found an advertisement in reference to the Bloom field'sports, to be held to-morrow. Cr. Armstrong, president of the Warra gull Shire, will attend the conference of the Gippsland Municipal Association at Bairnsdale to-day. Bo00TsAKERS,-Try W. B. BALiLDERsoN' Traralgon, Waxed Kip is 4d per lb., Calf is 9d to 3s, Crop at 10d, is, and is ld For cash only.- [Anvr]. The Masonic Social Club met together on Friday evening last, and Itheld their first social which proved very enjoyable, upwards of 50 guests being present. Danc ing to the music of Messrs. Dodds and I)aglish was indulged in; and the cater ing by Mr. Lochlin was all that could be desired. A thorough success all through was tle unrlanimous verdict. The marriage of Mr. Robert H. Athorne, manager of the Warragul Butter Factory, and late of Bacchus Marsh, and Miss Mary Simpsonl Lillico, second daughter of Mr. John Lillico, of Lillico, near Warragul, took place at the residence of the bride's parents on Thursday last. The Rev. J. B. Steel, late of Warragul, performed the ceremony in the presence of a number of relatives and friends. At the subsequent breakfast, Mr. Arthur Athorne proposed the health of the bride and bridegroom, that of the parents of the contracting parties by Mr. Steel and "the ladies," by Mr. Bardwell. The happy couple left for the honeymoon the same evening. Sbay money by sending to Lincoln Stuart and Co., Limited 238 Flinders-street, Mel bourne. IThe largest Tailoring establishment in the City. They will post to you free on application. SamupleS of. Tweeds and in Structions for Scll-measurement. A really good serviceable all wool Suit to measure for -2s--try them. 