[?] 1 . f copyright. - Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. :-'ij ' ' ' y t ' " 11 ; jWeird ahd Entrancing ' - fiomancef : ; > BI A TEA WESTBUBT. CHAPTER XVII. — Continued. ' ' " . ItwasaaiiiiGcant.facfcthatold Rntiga, v -the Maorj, and a well known domestic at' . ihescation, had not been seen or heard. . >f since ihe'day oii which Nita was car- <ri( oi£hj Paul:Barjew. . >Througli all : theuiiremittiner care and : . lender jinrsing of Madam Elsie, Nita ; , - - . . Bany had .so far recovered as to be able to accompany that lady in many a sunny / ramble: amongst the healths- giving glens . aud bre< zy ridges oF PinefaUs. . . .Somehow these two had grown greatly V V . attached lb each other— how or why, \- _ > 'hey;her of them,; ' had they been qries- tioned on the -subject, would, have been : . : able I:o explain. Under the circumstances > V. it-waB biit rmtural that Nita should feel <7 grateful to one -who had exhibited . such watchfulueBs on her Behalf ; but the girl, "'.'".I-. . With that innate subtetly of womanly tact \- ;'V - : 1 whicb characterises 'the. sex, discerued a . ; ;incre <than friendly kindness in Madame Elsie. Eveiy look, every act and word ; ' bore with it a soft and -motherly, gentle- V : ness that was unmistakeable. " - " Ah 1 If I had only been blept with.a mbther like vou. Madame Elsie." Nita j - 'said one day." Your mother is dead ?" t.. " "-Alas, yes !, I never knew her." . " Stay with us, then ; you .shall he my v daughter/' cried the other, With the hot -':u ..'-tears welling-np Into,. her kind blue eyes, \- : snd lier voice . trembling, with emotion. w-/ : : "Xhad o.nceadaughtef, a littletreasurc, V \:-'v ;' " Who,.ifsheId been. spared itd me," wbuld . // /'il?hyh"|j3en abpnt your " age;. God knows V; : is good. Sen pa',! ..My: darting me.'and through -all . : toejjBara,longand jbaReamtb fruit- r Vi -. iTCpining, iby heart haa seemed cola laid void in itB utterlonelioess. Bnt yoa . i " tonie to"; ifie, .Nita ; you; -whom 1 hrive ; ' , jpwnc bntafew.Hhert- weeks, And lo ! the -void IB filled np. My child ; Heaven ;f.Aihesse8_nB inwayswe hnow'not of." V7-- v .Pleasant the days atjPiri efalls in the '/'mirpleglowqf the fine Aritnmnal weather. 1 ' :>i V-Pi®?®® for Hieuteaant Welti, who was ' by vfche side ; of (hace : Weldon; : y i V ' " Ho.w®/hrhoioyed to £ .: ;y-; be'idonelreneatofcheiertyarcade pf the kanrihiugSj writing poetry onthe golden -w-V'- Srchdrand violeteyfes of Nita Bariy. \- _ There was' only one" personage -who \- ' ajpeared.tp be -the oddman of the. party, . »s. .entirely out - of place — Temple Tane. r>- ' can see . Fin in the . . way," he niut- \- , " tered to Himself. Altogether an ' hin- . drance the happiness of tethe resfc, so \- Xll go.-.. What the dicken8 have I in r:: . '' : . ci?mipon Witi .these? -li'-an ontdast. . My - best anddeareetfriend suspects me for, a >- \ thief, or' .something , worse ; ' aad am I : not ? God help me!" fj : ; A peal of merry laughter cornea to him. .i as he sits by -the. window .muttering . and -cogitating. Harry West >andJJiBs Wel- \- - dop . are promeEing - jarm-in-ajm on a nd : the i-hdEpmerctapg /s'nhaltern -is talking- — of his boyhood, Igrows deadly pale as" he A'/'fy ;>'::#jahotejehels -of, envy \ br halTOd hnt ' p so keen" .aijd Jtoignahtjftisdi tlie -month shats and ' . tightens to repress ihp sharp agony \ntb- "..;"lniiiin.-. ' '.'r- v . ' I , -- .; : y : " I wish I was hurly away- hy where- hecries, with a groan. I have been inad to.lream that Grace, ! , pnre.'gentJe Creature,- could care for such fe;; a wretcli ris l. Aud yet— yet more than once I thought I sxw that , in . her eyes wliich bade me hope. Hjope-! for what ? Pomate herself with a villain who has; , ; 3ot even a name to bestow on her-r—a ?; . worthless ue'er;dn-"well, who staked- lii3 bohor and eveiy tie of filial affection on at > :V tbrow of the dice. and had .not the will and cpurage to say nay ! Pshaw ! Ilo . -ftpre qfthiB =idlia-day dreaming. . I went . pat of the world; fitted for me, iuto one , L ol my own making. So will I bear it ' 71 ; : manfully until I baye atoneds" . He rises and clasps hb hands tightlv round the back of his bead. It is a strange way that he has of- pulling himself to gether— 6f exerting a will that is certainly ' strong now, hojyever it might hare been . ..wanting in the 'past. 1 " \- / , - Qaietly, but none the less surely, this love for Grace Weldon has stolen into his heart. It is the first; real love he has ever-felt for any woman, and he knows it . will be the last, and the only love he will ever know. / It is useless to fight With it _ — -that means a senseless waste of vigour, and be required all that f or what he had ' tO dd. . , To get as far away from Pinefalls was his first object. He would go to America < or filexico, what did it- matter where, so that he went qnickly. \ He filled a page of his diary; then wrote two letters, the first of which he addressed \- - .fo a_yrell-knowii firm of solicitors in " Harelock— the other to Miss Hilda Ash- fotd, Glencoort. ' " In the eVening he found an opportunity W ' to speah toFenton Howe alone. V Dear boy," he said, "would you be surprised if I told you I had deter- nuned to leave this place at'once." "No, indeed, Vane. Nothing you . . . might do or pay would surprise ine in the least," answered Fen ton , with a laugh, " JVhy. old fellow, what has come over you these last few days ? Where do you hide yourself ? - - 'Pon my word! if you were an absconding debtor, or the bailiff's were lying in wait for your body, you coald not be more of a hermit. There's Madam Elsie and Miss Weldon constantly plaguing me with questions about you, wondering if yen are unwell, and so on. Come,: old fellow, rouse up." " My dearFenton, I have made np my mind to lea ve Pinefalls to-morrow." "Seriously?" . " " Yes, seriously,' said Vane, gravely. "Major Weldon will not hear of it, dear boy." "I am the more sorry for that, inas- k;' much as I must go. It has been the greatest desire of my life lately that you and 1, Howe, misht cast in onr lot to gether in some commercial undertaking, \- wherein we might. still remain as we have been in the past, allied alike in interest / and in friendship, but— but certain con ditions have altered this state of things, and I repeat I must depart at once." . Fen ton Howe gazes at bis Mend in surprise, ssd- then . comeB a look of wounded pride t into his eyeS as he Vane, I am the last man in the WKia to pry into your affairs, but I beg of yhh as a Mend— nay, u pne who owes ; you something more &n; mutual esteem, to tell me wby yon have token this sud den resolve." . " I cannot, tell von, Howe. "Cannot!" " "No." , Fen ton Howe is silent, for there comes to him once more the sceue in the tent at the diggings, and the. advertisement offering L500 . reward for a notorious prison-breaker. It fixes itself as a cer tainty on the man's mind now that Temple Vane is implicated. . " Believe ine, Howe, I make no small sacrifice in leaving so many kind friends, but the sacrifice is offered at the shrine of duty," says Vane, after a pause. Exactly, thinks Fenton. 'He is the man wanted; of a surety, and is going to give himself- up. to that justice which is clamouring for him. Poor fellow ! Seeing that his companion remains silent, Vane conrtinues. "With reference to pur joint account forwarded to the City Bank at. Auckland, I had a letter yester day from the manager, who informs me that our instructions' have been carried out. Thirty thousand pounds sterling has been, duly placed to our joint ac count." " Indeed, so mubhl" says Fenton looking up with a cloud on his fair face,, and his mind evidently not upon their account ait the Bank. " I want to ask you a favor, Howe,'. adds 'Vane, after waiting for ins com panion to speak. .. "Certainly, my good fellow." " I want yonr pei -mission to divide our money," says Temple. "Granted," responds Fenton. "I will write a necessary letter to the .mana- 'ger of the Bank, and you can piist it jointly with-your own for the same pur pose. Of course, my wants are few. I do not require., sixteen thousand pounds Or anvthins-'like that sum. Vane. Sav you take twenty thousand; and leave ine the odd ton. Eh! coinie,- you won't fe- fuse me." f Vaiib smiles. . " Fifteen thousand . pounds is sufficient fpr me. "Perchance, I may not require ' a. shilling of it," be Bayssoftly. ' Pooh ! I trust you may. have the pleasure of spending every penny of it, and l the pleasure of lending you part of nun®," responds Hp we, -earnestly. " I can't understand it; Vane," he blurted out, rising and etriding up and dowri. the 'room; Mi ybii- would confide in me ! I sincerely trust l have never given yon cause to think of me otherwise than a gentleman. Tell me, what is the mat ter? .'If it's anything short of murder Pll see yon through it, as certain as your- paticnt, manly "generosity . snatched, me from a lingering and jpaiofui death;" ' " Temple -Vsie opens his eyes to their widest extent at -this sudden and unex- pectod outburst on the part of the proud, : indolent, aristocratic Fenton. v My ffear fellow, what are yontalk- ;liig about ?" he aks.r : ""Talking abont ! why, about your melancholy way, . and your : moping and getting out of it, .and hiding when other people, are enjoying theinselves, . and I wantyon to do the same," retorts Howe, hotly. " You put one under the -most lasting obligation, theft ; Ifmnvhiin-tthaiip" without a ghost, of a- chance" of -his re turning the .compliment. Tell ine why, you are leavmg m such a hiirry V" ; ;' It is impossible." ' ".Perhaps yqu dare not ?"says Fenton, hiB face flushing with sudden auger. There is a swift flash in the eyes. of the other, who starts as if Howe had struck him, bat fie holds:- a superb .command over eyerymuscle of the face "and. body. " I cannot ? quarrel with yon, sir," he says, calmly.: " I am a man so bankrupt hi. the way of Mends that I cannot afford to lose the last remaining one. A month , hence, or sooner, you may learn .why J depart ; kut if the Iosb of your friendship .be, the penalty, I icannot give my reasons now." -. " Enough," retorts Fenton, .with a- hearty ring in his voice. ." I. suppose we had better say good-bye, and have done' with it.- For, my part I have looked upon you as — as — what the devil does it mat ter 1 Look here, you are leaving nie in your debt, an?!—" . v " Be silent, Howe," interrupts Temple almost .sternly: : . v renton looks, and his flush of 'anger takesja more ruby tint" ' " I am unnsed to be commanded to hold' my tongue. I will eay what I please.". ' s ' " " Do so, but I may remind you that a taunt is out of place, and unworthy of a gentleman," says Vane',:quiety . ''Again I ask why slir.uld we hharrel V we, who have fought misfortune and hunger and cold tosether.. In saying this I have re gard for you, inasmuch as you will per chance regret this scene hereafter, -as I now" regret it." A sullen " oh, very well,"- and the two men change the subject. They have much to settle in the way of business, and the dinner bell rings ere it is completed. . Temple goes to his room to dress, for the evening meal. His parting with Fenton lias tried him, and chafed him Ui the utmost j but he has 'a more severe ordeal to encounter in Madam Elsie andf .Grace Weldon. The dinner at Pinefalls is more than usually pleasant, and thereby prolonged; on this particular evening. Some of them have been spending the afternoon out on the hills, and have had quite an adven ture with a huge carpet 'snake, which Harry West did battle . with, and came forth conqueror. While the talk is at its loudest Major Weldon beckons Teranga, the Maori, to his side. . " Walford, the agent, will be here to morrow. Have you got all the books ready for him to look through when he arrives ?" says he. ' Yes, sir, I put 'era in the office, sir — all but one," replies the Maori. "All but one! What one?" " Square flat book — store bonk I think you call him," answers Teranga. . "Ah! stock list, you mean," says the Major. "Hunt it. up before you go to bed , mind that !" The Maori is obedieuee itself: When the meal is ended, and while the gentle man linger over their wine, Teranga begins bis tosk. Unfortunately the Mauri cannot read a word of English; print and manuscript alike are as so much Greek to hiin. Entering the room occupied by Temple Vane, after an Honrs search elsewhere, Teranga's gaze falls athwart the diary lying .on a small table near the window. . He pounces on the fat volume at once, and carries it off in triumph. Music has grown to be the chief plea sure at Pinefalls after dinner ; but tliiB happens to be mail night, and there has been quite a large bag of letters deposited at the lodge hut for the " House." The Maori retires to his sanctnm early to peruse his correspondence. Harry West is busy in His quarters with a pri vate despatch which demands his imme diate attention. ..Howe and Nita are playing chess in the drawin groom, with Madam Elsie asjumpire. It is a strange coincidence, but never theless true, that there are no letters for either Temple Vane or Miss Weldon. I Stranger still, both are seated at the ex- ' tremity of tbat deep, cosy, old- fashioned . verandah, with a full moon smiling rudely down upon them. There was a world of soft glory in the round reflection of the moon as she sailed High in the dark blue canopy overhead, the outline of her huge, good natured phiz apparently looking straight at them as they sat. in that awk ward silence. This jolly warden of the night sees many strange things in her eternal vigil. Your mightiness and your holiness, ye are all beneath her ken, whether ye be good or evil, rich or poor. She watches the robber lying in wait, and the murder crawling with uoiseless sfepa towards His victim. Into the glooms peeps she, lighting Up the rags of poverty and misery. Wickedness in'high places cannot escape her vision. Over the slumber of tired millions she holds watch and ward, kissing the rosy lips of inno cence, where yet lingers the soft fragrance of prayer, and filling tire poet's brain with unutterable visions and such shapes as live only in song. Gardez Ic fvi. Had Temple Vaue learnt the subtle art t»f diplomacy, he would have begun , to talk about the Beauty of the night, etc., and so have led up to the subject nearest his wishes. Not being a diplomat, how ever, he simply said, " I am glad to have a word with you to-night, Miss Weldon. Iwant to thank you for' your kindneps and hospitality to me. I have arrauged to leave Pinefalls in tlie morning." . .- There was potliuig in the few common place words uttered, but Grace Weldon opened her large blue eyes upon him for an instant, then began toying with her bracelet. . " I shall hot easily forget the many pleasant hours spent beneath your roof, believe ine,". ha continued, after waiting for .her to speall. . ' , "Is — is not your departure somewhat nasty, Mr Vane ?" she said, presently, and in a subdued tone of voice. "I trust you have not received any ill news lately ?" "No ; my leaving is purely a matter of business," he answered. "I go to fulfil a duty I have long neglected." " Papa will be sorry when he learns you are going," she said. "I have 'already informed Major Wei- of my intention, and indeed I am loth to 'depart from such kind friends. For years I have been a' dreamer, capable of nothing but the indulgeuce of idla reveriej and have drifted from the practical into tbe life of a Bohemian. Lately it has come to me that I might aspire to become a useful niember of society— an alderman, perhaps, or a justice of the peace." Griwse smiles at the mild cynicism, and ablush deepens the -clear, fair ' skin from' brow to neck. ; Vane does not see it. He has hot lpoked ait her once. To do one's duty is something beyond . mere dreaming," she said, presently. " True," he auswers, with a short laugh. "But we interpret-. the i Vrord in various ways.; - iOue than may be con tented, with the life of a slave. Another will go on until he ' bestride the globe like another Colossus. Every detail in business is a duty, and the- same line of argument applies to mainy things in social life. We may 'adopt some lineof conduct which seems :straoge, and possibly against which one's heart and soul rebel, yet. duty points tlie way, ' and ive .must fol- low." : ; Tlie refractory trinket upon her smooth, round arin is -abandoned ,. for a moment until she tries to grasp the meaning of his words. . - " " In que of your English journals I read a curious essay called Motive Power,' " he - gees on, not heeding, her . silence. "Thewiiter went to- show that, without, an object, i.e. motive power, a man, whatever. his talents, or his' culture, is: Utterly useless in this nineteenth century. The cap fitted me so closely; Miss Wel don;- that I rcsolyed to emerge from the dreamer in to a worker." ; "I am glad, to hear yoii say so,' she answers, looking full qt hiin. "I am not a judge of maukind, inasmuch as iny life, solar, has been secluded, but I be lieve you will win your way in the bust ling world, if you are decided to try." Madam Eisie breaks in upon him, fol lowed by Nita and , Howe, . and the con- ' versation takes a more general turn. It is midnight before Vane retires. Madame Elsie has said "good bye," and there was an unmiBtakeable tremor in'her voice; and a peculiar look. . in. her eyes as she uttered the words which carried con viction to the mind of General Ashford's prodigal son that he' had been recog nised. ... By the time he had packed away his few things it is three o'clock, and in another hour it will be daylight. His thoughts are in such' a chaotic state that he does "not miss the diary. He has an idea that it is safely stowed away in his travelling bag. While be sits moping and thinking of the soft light in the blue eyes of Grace Weldon, as he saw it when they said good-bye, hand-in -hand, -lo 1'the morning breaks over the lofty peak of Tonga. He threw' open the window. .Cool and beautiful the pure early morn. Overhead tjiB fight blue canopy was changing .to wure. and gold and purple, and blended . with gigantic shafts of a more magnificent ue, the vanguard of the glorious suu. What mortal, hand could place this pic ture .before the : natural eye? What 'artist could paint yonder lyll-top, carpeted with green- and brown, with glittering bars of prismatic light, intermingled with every blade and leaf. \- In the fragrant atmosphere of the sum mer morning Temple Vane goes his way to perform that duty of which he had sppketi. And she to whom he had ut tered those words stands watching the fast receding figure from her chamber window. Ah ! if the poor wanderer could only have seen the tear bedimmed eyes looking after him with such a yearning sorrow, lie would not have felt the dense night of utter loneliness and despair now at his heart. CHAPTER XVIII. AT THE " GOLUEN DOLPHIN." On the Grand Trunk Road,, distant forty miles or thereabouts from the Pinefalls Station, stands a rojomy old Inn, bearing the somewhat nondescript name of the "Golden Dolphin. This hostelry was built by one Timothy Keegan, a lucky digger, who having made a large find at the Titori Valley, opened the Golden Dolphin and drank himself to death in a very short time. Tim's widow, Norah Keegan, was five feet eleven inches in h£r husband's socks, and weighed a trifle over two hundred pounds nett. Rough and muscular as tire majority of the Dolphin's customers certainly were," very few had such a. development of limb as hostess Keegau, and very few indeed had snch a way of demonstrating the fact to any contumacious fellow who attempted to create a " shine " within the precincts of her fdomain. Ten years ' wanderings " wid poor Tim " over half the goldfields in New Zealand had not tended to enhance the personal charms of Mrs Keegan. Her complexion bore the hue of a boiled lob ster, which was . " intirely owing to. the I hate/of the suu, of course, and not in any ' way to the small drop she tuh to keep away -the colic. Bad cess to it." . Fierce, irate, and heavy handed was Mother Keegan, yet/after her fashion not a more kind-hearted, benevolent soul ever breathed. She loved fun like all her race, ana her house was always lively. . Mick Ruddy, a poor devil who "earned a precarious living playing the fiddle from place to place round the district, was al ways due at the Dolphin every Friday evening. A sort of a Bhelf, like a brac ket, fixed in the parlor wall, and high up out of reach. This was Mick's or chestra where he tuned his baritone, and rasped away t at reels and jigs until the small hours of the morning. It is on. record that the ncor fiddler ; fell in love With the " widdy," and in a moment of sympathetic tenderness plucked up courage to confess the same. Tim Keegan s relict listened to her lover until he had finished, and then she gave the unfortunate swain such a practical refusal that the doctor had 'to be called in, and Ruddy's life was despaired of for some time. If Mrs Keegan was severe, betimes on her adorer, she took very good c n e that no oue else bullied him. New Ze.-iland can certainly boast of some thorough going muscular ruffians, but the chief of them all. was one Tiggser, otherwise Black Bullock, a rough and tumble pugi list, whose sole occupation was made up in lounging about shanties, night pilfer ing and prize fighting. Bill Bullock — 1 beg his pardon — Black Bullock was at: the Golaen Dolphin on one occasion, and began to b.uiljf every one as usual. His spleen seemed particularly directed to wards, the little fiddler, whom he caught in his powerful grip and carried round the room at arms . length, as if Ruddy had been no more than a-poodle dog. The noise attracted the hostess, who ran into the room. " Arrah, what's the matter wid vez kHo nskd Th«. ob- serving her favourite iin the hands of the burly giant rer Irish dander riz in a moment. " Put down -the man," she cried, and at the came instant Black Bul lock received -a blow full on his frontis piece, which sent him- staggering over two or three chairs. The pugilist dropped the fiddler, and turned upon his assailant witha face in which ail the latent passion of brute ferocity was visible. He came towards her with' fists clenched, his guard well up, and showing his teeth like a wolf. - Mrs Keegan knew her customer, knew that a knock from his huge, long knuckles would be as a blow -from a blacksmith's sledge. But >she did not flinch. Just as the bully had got within ; range, atid be fore he coiild lunge out at .her, she seized a heavy poker from the fender and struck Tiggser a dreadful thud upon his upraised arms, which made the fellow bellow like a mad hull. , " Take that, ye devil's, bastard, an niend yer'mauhers,-' she cried. 1 Come on now," if it's fighting yer after." With a horrid imprecation the in furiated savage' steadied himself, and then rushed blindly at the. " widdy.". Up went the unmerciful poker like a flash, and the .'Bullock' went down all in a. heap.- Ho was carried out and soused with a plentiful Bupply of cold water. Beyond a broken head and a fractured wrist the bully sustained no further iujury, butr he gave the. hostess of the Inn a wide birth from that time forth. ' 1 On this summer . evening the hostelry . was well patronised! with a mixed posse of customers, each and all of whom ap peared . to be enjoying themselves after their own fashion: . The long room was filled with digger), and there were others present who did riot dig or beg. Mick. Ruddy was in his place., " discoursing ili- gant music ' after his manner, while his auditory danced or went through a wild fandango that shook the building to its foundation. " Steady, min ; don't make such a row ; shure Mr Jocelyn's ' upstairs, arid can't hear his ears for yez," said Mrs Keegan, thrusting her head in . at the door. " Mark me now?- : I II uot have the place turned into a shibbeen whiu yer betters are present."' - . " We're as good as Mr Jocelyn any day, although he is a -beak and a big bug," cried Black Bullock and one or two others of the same clique. The hostess nut heir arms akimbo, and strode up to -the speake'r. " Look here, me bould fellow', this is my . house, an' I mane to be cock o' the walk," she said. ' If a gentleman comes here I expect him to behave himself, an' if he doesn't chose to do that, faith; I'll lairn him in double' quick time. Do ye momd "bow 'i" , " Bravo 1 .Mother Keegan," from a dozen brawny throats. Bullock, 'half tipsy, looked round him with a smothered., curse on his lips, and a red flash of defiance in Ins evU eyes ; but a whisper from' hiB companion altered the ruffians whole , demeanour in a min ute to quiet submission. " If it wasn't for the company beyant, shure the divil.aone cared if yez broke the flure," cried the hostess. " Whin gintlesnin, rale gintlemin condescend, to honor the Golden. Dolphin wid their priz- zence I'll have ordther. I've others' here to-night besides Mr Jocelyn. Pat that in your pipe and shmoke it, Mr Tiggser," and Mrs Keegan -bounced out of the room. The best .apartment in the Inn had been . given up to Mr Jocelyn, who was on his way to inspect a mine at the Titori Valley, so he said. Dinner 'had been ordered for three, for the magistrate ex pected two friends to join, him at the hostelry. Half an hour later, and the expected guests came in the persons of Paul Barjew and Sydney Black. Mrs Keegan knew nothing of Mr Joce lyn, save by report, but she had a thorough knowledge of the two men who were dining with him. However, as she after wards remarked; "it was no business of hers. People in her position never gained anything by meddling with what did not consarn them," etc. Wise philosophy, Mrs Keegan ! The pity is that more of your charming sex do not follow your example in this re spect. The observance thereof is often honored in the breach in our day, save in one or two Australian cities where I have sojourned. There the people, male and female, fulfil the law of Moses, and love their, neighbours as themselves, and there, indeed the wise condition is fully recognised, which says that " the oxshall not be yoked with the ass." On this summer afternoon, previous to the arrival of Barjew and his companion, Temple Vane dismounts under the broad portico of the Inn, ,and orders a meal and a bed for the night. HiB handsome face pleases the " widdy," who 'bestirs herself to make him comfortable. He is located next his honor, the J.P., and Vane eats his dinner alone, but enjoys it none the less for that. The meal ended, a buxom wench enters and clears away the debris , ligbts a lamp, then with a smile and a curtsey, asks if he requires anything tee. " No, thank you ; nothing. Stay 1 Would you be good enough to tell the j ostler. I shall want my horse at sun- ' riae." — To be Continued. MS II 31S 