Henry of Battenberg on Horseback. A WHITER who professes to know a great deal about the doings of the English royal family, recently said that poor Prince Henry of Battenberg had been in the wars again this time not with his royal mother-in-law, but with the fiery, untamed steed which bore him to a recent" meet." Undeterred by previous melancholy ex eriences, or possibly incited to " do or die" y the unfeeling chaff of certain of bis royal relatives, Prince Henry would insist upon hunting, with every outward appearance of enjoyment. Quite recently, however, he came to grief once more near Rugby, sustaining that nasty cropper which was so terrible, in anticipa tion, to the unfortunate cockney sportsman in Burnand's " Happy Thoughts." The result of his latest adventure was that the lucklesB Battenberg not only hurt his leg rather severely, but sustained further serious njury to his already rather damaged reputa tion as a sportsman. Prince Henry's frequent spills reminds one of Mr. Toole's " Chawles," a worthy butler who, having inherited a country estate through the will of an eccentric master, relates the result of a rash attempt to follow the hounds. " Where did the meet come off ?" asks a sympathetic friend. "I don'c know where the meet came off," was the ruefal reply, " I came off at the first 'edge!" AT one of tbe local stores, the other day according to "Will Honeycomb" in Dubbo Dispatch, a battered specimen of humanity a type of tbe regular sundowner genss breasted the counter, and inquired the lowest price of the biggest sponge on the premises. The peculiarity of such a wreck asking about sponges, excited the curiosity of the salesman, and he asked what the old fellow wanted the sponge for. " Well, you see, young fellow," replied without any reservation or diffidence, " tbe squatters ain't agoing, I bear, to givons tramps any more rations. I likes to be ready for any emergency, and with a good-sized sponge in my swag, I won't care for any of them." " But," said the shopman, "of what use will a sponge be to you." The antique colonist laughed lowly and said," well, young fellow, you are a greenhorn. When there ain't no Tations, why I chops a lump off the 6ponge, swallows it, and drinks a pannikin of water. Then Fm full for a week." [Our experience of the sundowner is that he would sooner sponge upon the shearers or other working men on the station ; and, therefore, we are not prepared to swallow the sponge yarn quite so readily as the salesman of " Will Honeycomb's" narrative.-ED.] GOOD and all as it is, there are certain drawbacks to the king business. We don't mean, of course, that kings are peculiar in this respect, for happily our earthly pilgrim age comes to an encl some time or other with au of us. What we mean is that it costs a long a great deal more to die than it does anyone else. Thus, for instance, in the case of the late King Louis of Portugal, one doctor got £6,000 for eighteen consultations; another one got £3,750 tor the same number, while a third got £3,000 for ten visits. As if this was not enough to get him comfortably and respectably out of the world, several other medicine men were paid from £50 to £350 a visit, Now, if Dom Louis had been an ordinary British citizen living, say, in Bockhampton, he would, have found any number of doctors who would willingly have willingly have given him a quiet and respectable send-off for a few guineas and charged absolutely nothing extra for signing the death certificate. AN extraordinary case of religious fanatic is reported from Saratoff. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Chronicle tells the story. He says that the crime waB committed by am. Anabaptist from a neighbouring village, who came to Latrig in order to induce villagers to join his sect. In the course of a sermon, preached on this occasion in a peasant's cottage, the propagandist became so excited with the religious ecstasy that, towards the close of his address, he assured his hearers " God bad given him so much power through the Holy Ghost that he could even raise the dead." In order to make good his preten sions, he forthwith ran to the bed of the daughter of the house and smothered her. AU those present were paralysed with horror at thiB insane act. The fanatic, taking no notice of any one, turned to the dead girl with the words, " Maid, in the name of God, I say unto thee, arise." Of course, tbe girl did not move. The fanatic then proceeded to breathe into her mouth and nostrils, after the manner of the prophet, at tbe same time telling his victim " to came to life," but the girl re mained immovable. The religious enthusiast was immediately sent to prison by the village authorities. Sxm> your -wool to Winohoombe, Carson k Co., Sydney, whose raooeu aa selling broker* has been phenomenal. 