BROADBRIM'S NFAV YORK LETTER? On Monday.jiight the brilliant pageant at lli'e iioi'se shofr ttas ended! Hud beauty find fashion poured out into the chilly street, eager for new pleasures. The loud cries for carriages wore drowned in the roar of rush ing wheels and the discordant shouts of the outside mob, who crowded about, the various entrances! ahSldUs ttJ get & nitfht of the splendid dteMsss atid notable poojMe ft ho hAd gr- ced tho cihihiHHn with their presbticb on the opening nigiit. T^'ei-te Wiis a iHad rUsh fol- tile various fcahioftiVolc restaurants, hotels aliii cufei-wljete j-oideii ingots And three* p!y Velvet seek refreshment after tlio opera theatre or Show. Delniumco's; .which is only just across the s'qitai'e rrom the Madison B^uii're Garden, was soon full to overflowing; all the public and private rooms were occu pied-the click of knives and forks, and the clink of champagne glasses, mingled with gay conversation aud loud shouts of laughter, made the brilliantly lighted RaWoilS ting with fiiVeli'y. When the revel was at its highest, a scene was being enacted in one of the rooms above, that will never be forgotten by those who wero present ; for in that chamber, John Hooy, once the president of the Adams Express Company, lay struggling with the Angel of Death. His sons and his sorrowing wife, stood tearfully awaiting the departure of the troubled spirit acro s the Jordan's stormy tide. At the head of the bed sto^d the Rev. Father Dpuney, the friend and spiritual adviser of the dying man to whom he had just administered the last rite of the Catholic Clitirch-tho rite Of ei tl-em e Unction, the precioUs chrism Whidh crossed on the brow of the faithful, is sup posed to insure their translation into para dise. the battle hild been il weary one; but at last the strong riian gilVe up the ghost, and John Hoey was 110 more. It was over fifty years ago that a poor Irish boy landed in Hew York without a penny. Alone and friendless, if ever a boy commenced away down on tho bed rock, it was he. Having no guide, but what was innately good within him, it would not have been astonishing if he had gone out of sight, like tens of thousands of others who, lured by temptation, dropped by the wayside, and wero never hoard of after; but thi3 poor Irish boy had within him that, out of which this world's demigods have been made in all the history of time. It would exceed the limits of this letter to follow the poor barefooted street Arab, from the time he ran errands and sold papers for pennies-till after long years of successful struggle, ho found himself at the head of one of the°most famous express companies in the world, with a salary of twenty-five thousand a year. The man had grown with his oppor tunity, and his heart never grew old. As his wealth increased and his position in society improved, he built a beautiful home at Long Branch, called Hollywood, which became the centre of a most brilliant and generous hospitality, which was frequently shared by many of the greatest men in the nation. Mr. Hoey was fond of society; but it was a brilliant, cultivated society, and he was never so happy as when ho had such a company around his hospitable board. Sur rounded by famous wits and men of letters, by artists, actors aud celebrated musicians, there was not a happier man alive than the Master of Hollywood. In dispensing the hospitality of his home, he was ably assisted by his talented wife, who entered into all his plans with zeal and affection, which made his life one continual day of sunshine. Years glided on as smoothly <vi a peaceful river. Hollywood grew in beauty till its fame reached all tho land. Its master and mistress loved operas andplays. and all sorts of gay, social life, and thoy were loved and honored by all who knew them. A littlo ovor two years ago the clouds began to lower, and then it bega 1 to be whispered abroad that all was not right with John Hooy. At first men would not believe it, his namo for years had beet) the synonym of honesty; then the community was startled with the intel ligence that ho had suddenly been deposed from tho presidency of the Adams Express Company at a meeting of thc^ board of directors; then there were inquiries for the cause, and it transpired that he was accuscd ot having defrauded the Adams' Express Company out of 000,000 dollars. -'-''e transaction occurred in tlie purchase of two express routes which he was commissioned 1)v his company to buy; lie purchased them for 200,000 dola. and charged the company 800,000. Tho shock to tho community wasi terrible, and attachments were immediately issued against every bit of property ho had in the world) there war. wild talk of 01-irninnl prosecution, which might end his life in dis grace. His beautiful home liollywoocl, with all of its «rt treasures was attached, and at one iittie it looked ;i> if it might be lust; Then fo)lowsd Wng iiionthS of bitter antiet^ !ind peril, till at last by the sacrifice of the greater portion of his fortune ho emerged from tho ruins with Hollywood secure,'but himself ft wreck and a broken hearted man. for thb silke bf ilis wife and family lie strove to keep up and.act and look as in ljis oldelt Htiib, bht the iton was in his heart, and ho mourned day and night over his disgrace, for which there was i\o Letho but death. On Honda? night amid the roar of revelry from the gay saloons below, his troubled and Weary spirit 'ook its flight. On Thursday, ho lay in state beforo the iiltat of Sh Leo's Church) the oaktin casket that contained his remains banked high with fclie choicest flowers. Around liis tai^r Were gathered niuch of the genius and intellect aiid wealthpf this great city. The chllrch was firowded to suii'ica tioii, ft rid there werb hundreds (jn tlio outsido unablo to gain ndmitbanbo. Wh/Uoyer tho misfortlines iriay haVe ijbeh tliiit clouded the closing yeafs of his life therb was ho evidence of lack of respeJjt at his funeral. They laid him to r.cat at Woodlawn; ih t|ie receiving vault; till ii fitting Hriivo ijan be procured; iVlieh in the near future a lixndsome monu ment will tell to the passing stranger: "Here lies John Iloey; Requiescat in pace." While John Hnny was dying in Deln.onico's splendid hotel another funeral ceremony was taking place in tho "Five Points " where in a plain dark ease in (he little mission known as the Door of Hope, lay all that was mortal of Delia the "Blue Bird" whose history I gave a few months ago. Poor Blue Bird, she was one of those unfortunates that nover hatl n chnhce-she knew nothing of God, except to profane his name; she was born in sin and gfew lip ililioug thieves and harlots; she was a thief and H drlinkard from childhood, j horiosfcy and morality she knevs nothing abouti-tliejr ^relb seldom Heard of amid the terrible crew among whom she grew to womanhood. Vile as her companions were, there was nothing among them worse than herself; profanity was habitual to her and besotted drunkenness her normal conr dition. What hope was thero for such a lost soul, hero or hereafter ? What pure minded mail or wojnan was thijrb.in all the land who could stoo^l low Uiioiigii to l'Uafch tilts foiil moral leper. Tho Door of Hope stands right in tho centre of the slumbs ; crime and sin grow rank in the fevered soil-death is ill the air night and day ; death to the body, death to the soul. The niglifc is dark and stormy, the wet streets ssvept by the cold wind, , send the wandering pedestrians shivering to t,helter. A liriglitlight streams oufc from the door of the Duor of Hope Miss'on, a bcncon to tho wretched waifs apparently, by God and man forsaken-the flotsam and jetsam of Babylon. A sweet faced woman, plainly but neatly attired, peers into the darkness and storm ; she is anxiously watching for whatever'wreck age the pitiless waves maycast upon the shore; she does not havo to wait long, a band of drunken brawlers pas3 by making the evil tii|;ht iiint-c ttiisfelVole by their shotits iihd yells. Not far lieliind them screaming aha shoutingcomcs one of those libels oh woman hood with which thi? terrible^ neighborhood abniinds ; her head has no covering, her hair streams down her back a muddy cloud ; her wretched apology for a dress flies in tattered ribbons in the biting wind ; her feet are shoeless, but she seem3 insensible to her miserable surroundings, and she shouts and sings as she approaches the Door of Hope. Don't touch her. s)ie is foul with the mud of the streets where she fell; don't speak to her for your only answer will be the most shock ing profanity, for this poor crcaturo knows no other language. Tho watcher at tho Door of Hope steps doTn and confronts her as she attempts to pass. If it had been one of her own class she would have dashed them to the earth and trampled on them; as it is she hurls on the intruder a storm of curses-for this is Delia the Blue Bird, tho terror of the Five Points. A les3 courageous person than Mrs. Whittemore would have fled affrighted beforo the tempest, but alio was there in the performance of a vow made to Christ in the long tico.'.ttidt,alio woiild .devote her life to the salvation nf just sUch sm-:j£;irrc3 sotilS 33 this. The struggle was a long one sustained by (3ocl-given pafcienco and Itope. The Bluo Bird had never heard words of kinduoBs and love before from any humah being) sho nov'er knew her mother; she never had a home) ntid she .could not understand ait* tfiortnl being.shoiiid tafefi at? interest in her. But at last ioVtl trilimiihed and tfie sin-scarred woman crossed the threshold of the Door of Hope and never turned back; her foul garments wore cast aside and the work of physical and moral purification beganj hdr old companions in crime palled iii . ttt scti Jiferj silo tcdeivbd tl'.eitl (til with tili3 Did tillig .It(Afty gffebtihg; blit tifever for a liloment faltered. As I related in a letter about tliree liloilchs i^o she completed ier year,of probation; an J Mrs. \Vhittemore leicf a little jubileb at the miSsicn td,cele-. brate-t|io event. That night;,tho littlij chapel was full of thieves and drunkards, who.had coriie in to see if it ,was really,the Blue Bird who had been snatched as a brand from the burning.- S.hp wore a neat fitting black dress and a dainty little white cap find apron, and op Hot Kreiist wits n. single nhite r/>sej,the gift of love from her iriend furs. tPhilibniorfc. That evening, the proudest and happiest of her cvontful life, she labored among her old companions, and some of them followed in her footsteps and found salvation in Christ Jesus. A few weeks ago she was taken sick, sho sank rapidly, and on Sunday night her troubled spirit found rest and peace. They laid her out in the little mission chapel and many of her old companions camo to bid her a last farewell,' one brought her a few violets and laid thetn on her breast, and on Tuesday they laid her to resti The Wotk df the Door of Hope was finished, Christ had claimed his dwit. The iibrse allow liai been tlie eveiit of the week, it is true that it was a show of tary magnificent horses of all degrues, but an attraction fully as great as the equine wo.idurs were tho howling swells male and female, of the 400. My, my; but they were a sight to seo ! It was a brilliant spectacle those tiers of boxes during Hie entiro weok. Everybody was out who was anybody, and the array of fine dresses was dazzling. Tho ladies turned out by thousands to seo the horses, and the gentlemen turned out to seo the ladies, and I assure you they wero both well worth see ing. Blue blood had tho call; the Toyal family was in the ascendant; aristocracy and pedigree were tho order of tho day. On several nights Mrs. Cloveland, who will soon bo the first lady of tho land, sat in Mrs. Whitney's box, and was the observed of all observers. Mrs. Whitney is a lady who would create a sensation anywhere, and one could scarcely believe that the plainly dressed lady beside her in a few weeks would be the queen of the White House. Mr. Cleveland was dined this week by tho Chamber of Commerce and the Manhattan Club. His ' speeches on both occasions sounded the death knoll to Tammany's hope for the Bpoils. It looks as if there were breakers ahead. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 