pai^ef'g Isolation. I'akker meant to give it up. He didn't mean to give it up justyet, not until the New Year began, at any rate. And somehow Parker got a great deal of comfort out of the reflec tion that the period in question was some way off. The notion that be really was going to relinquish it on the first of January inspired him with a certain amount of respect for his own determination, and at the same time did not prevent him from indulg ing in his favorite vies. Lots of people enjoy themselves in that way. '. I shall be a jolly lot better without it,'' be remarked to Simpson and Brown, as be re garded his pipe with reverent affection. " If I couldn't give up a habit like tobacco with out suffering any inconveniencc from it I would hang myself. Besides, I am smoking too much, and my nerves suffer occasionally. Do you fellows ever feel as if you'd like to Etand in front of a hansom cab and let it run you down Parker went on to say that he had often experienced such a sensation after smoking a lot, to which Simpson replied that lie once remembered feeling an irresistible impulse to throw himself off the cliffs near Ramsgate after supping with some kindred spirits where the whiskey was plentiful. Not to be behind band in the fray, Brown remembered how after a long evening at loo, when the stakei bad been high, he took a posting station for a pack of cards. He 6aid that gambling affected him very powerfully at times, tie thought he should give it up. '. I have a gr"at mind to give up whi-key,"' Simpson remarked, with the air of a man who bad just had an unusually happy thought. " I don't mean all at once, you know, but to tone myself down so that when the New Year comes I can drop it without inconveni ence." '. It would bo money in your pocket," Parker replied, with the engaging candour one finds in an old friend. " Two shillings a day comes to fourteen shillings a week, two pounds sixteen a month, or thirty-sis pounds . eight shillings per annum." " And your tobacco at a shilling a day is half that amount, to say nothing of the idle feeling the habit engenders. \Vhnt do you say to all of us giving up our pet vices-we shall be money in pocket over it." The project was hailed with enthusiasm, it being unanimously proposed and as unani mously carried that on the first day in Janu ary then next ensuing, Messrs. Parker, Smith, and Brown should definitely abandon these nefarious habits-to wit, smoking, drinking, and gambling. The enthusiasm of the pro ceedings was by no means damped by the re flection that quite three months remained in which to gradually stall off the deadly habits so that the effects might not be so marked. Parker's face virtually glowed behind his pipe, and Simpson dilated upon the advan tages of total abstinence, as he helped him self to his third whiskey. Brown regretted the fact that he had promised to make one of a whist party, and could not stay longer to discuss the rules which they ought to lay down to bind the society. " The first man to break through the rules after January 1st shall forfeit five pounds apiece to. the other two," Simpson went on, with a business-like air, which was almost ferocious ; " and the second one that goes wrong shall forfeit that and another fiver to the survivor. If tuc whole three go wrong the last one to depart from the paths of virtue shall contribute fifteen pounds to some hos pital. I think none of us will quarrel with that idea, eh Brown said he shouldn't, especially as he bait confident that nobody would ever have the chance of playing with his fiver; but in the meantime he really must be off. as liis friends would be walling for him. He said that such was the power of firm intent and resolution that even then be had commenced to have a distaste for cardp, and it was quite his intention not to play more than two rubbers at the outside. Fired with this vir tuous idea he went away. It was subse quently nearly daylight when he got home, and be had lost twenty three shillings play ing sixpenny pointe. j " Stubborn beggar," Brown, "Simpson said admiringly, as the latter left. "But I mean to show bim that I can stick to my word as well AS be can. 16han't touch an other drop of whiskey to-night, at least not until I go home, when I'll just have a spot.' " And this is my last pipe this evening," Parker replied, as he filled a large briar out of a jar nearly full of tobacco. My theory is, let yourself down gradually, don't rush it all at once, or it will get the best of you." It was nearly two in the morning before Simpson departed. The whiskey decanter was quite empty, and Simpson, who stood waving geptly to and fro with his eyes dreamily fixed upon the ceiling, was under stood to say that he firmly declined to par take of an; more stimulants for tlw present, and that "if his landlady complained upon this occasion of his going to bed wilhout re moving his boots he should give her notice on the spot. He said his dear dead mother had no scruples of the kind, and overcome with the recollection of the old days, he burst into tears, and departed for home with his bat in his band, under the impression that it was a latch-key. Whereupon Parker filled his pipe with the last bit of tobacco out of the jar, and went upstairs to bed. There can be no question that the best way to get rid of a bad habit is to do it gently-nothing like deliber ation in these things. It is wonderful how time flies when one is looking forward to a period of unpleasant ness, such as expectation of a bill falling due which it is impossible to meet, or something of that kind. It seemed to the companions that, after all, three months was not very long in which to conquer the habits of some years standing, and when the fatal day at length arrived they did not appear in any specially good trim to meet the onslaught of the enemy. On the contrary, probably for the same reason that a condemned criminal usually enjoys a hearty meal on the morning of his execution, there fore did they go it, feeling that the lime was coming when enjoyment world be denied them. Through the whole of that long, long New YeaT's Day Parker went smokeless, he passed out of the'house to business without his morn ing pipe, a prey to misery and ill-temper ; in all the long weary hours Simpson avoided temptations and narrowly cscaped being fired out of the window as a dangerous luna tic, because he took water with his lunch. Brown declined three invitations to card parties, and throwing good resolutions to the winds sat down and heartily cursed himself for a hopeless fool. That night the three met as arranged at Parker's lodgings, There was no familiar scent of tobacco clinging to the apartment, the well- known spirit frame was conspicuous by its absence from the table. On each face was a look of sullen melancholy, and deep down in the heart of each was a savage desire to quarrel with someone-anyone. 60 as to get rid of that feeling of irritation. " Well, we're all right np to now," Parker remarked, trying to smile cheerfully. "I don't suppose any of us feel any the worse for keeping off our old habit to-day. " I don't feel any the better," Simpson growled. " As I came down in the train to night I read of a poor old chap of eighty three, who died miserably in consequence of the doctor cutting off his liquor suddenly. My father was a victim to the same medical fad, too, Egad, I hope it doesn't run in the family." Brown, by way of enlivening the conveisa tion proceeded to tell several interesting anecdotes of individuals who had died when deprived of certain drugs or cordials they had been accustomed to. It was not what might be termed a jovial, or even an enjoyable even ing, and by ten o'clock Brown had departed for the club, where, ut any rate, he could watch a game of cards even if be did not play. For some time afterwards the other two remained in moody silence, till at length Simpson rose also. " Of course you will go to the Club dance at the Town Hall to-morrow night.''' he asked cheerfully. " It will take us out of ourselves." " I shall be there," Simpson returned, with gloom, " but enjoy myself, damme, never." With which sinister prophecy he disap peared into the night. Of the misery of the hours that followed Parker said nothing. He hailed the club dance with a kind of feverish delight, any thing to distract his attention from the crav ing for tobacco. It was late-past ten1 before be reached the Town Hall, and ilie fray was at its height as he passed through the rooms in search of his companions. Turn ing out of the dancing-room he looked down a brilliantly-lighted vista, beyond a row of fully-tenanted card tables to a cosy little bar beyond. Behind one of the card tables stood Brown, looking like the ghost of some de parted player, whilst hanging over the bnr was Simpson. Parker never quite knew bow it happened, but a moment later one of the card players had given up his seat, and Brown, a little restless and oneasy, but eager enough, was sortihg his hand. As if there had been some electic affinity between the pair, Parker saw Simpson suddenly tarn to the siren be hind the bar and make a motion of his hand. Then, to Parker's joy, he saw what he conceived to be the most perfect picture be had ever witnessed in his life, the spectacle of Simpson with bis head thrown back, plac ing himself outside a whiskey-and-soria with the case and dexterity born of long practice. Parker rushed forward and smote the drinker on the back. He turned and faced his Nemesis with a look in which shame, con sternation, and defiance were mingled. "Not a word," Parker said, huskily. " Do not so much as defend yourself by uttering a single syllable. Brown is playing cards in the room beyond, if you want to know any thing, and I'm going to have one of your beet cigars, if you please." The solemn silence remained unbroken whilst Parker cut off the end of his cigar and lighted it, a performance which Simpson watched in solemn silence. Then, like the hardened reprobate he was, he ordered another whiskey - and - soda. Ten minutes later, when Brown looked up, he saw bis fellow-eonspirators watching him. As soon as he could he made an excuse and joined th^m. " Look here, you fellows," he commenced, " after all, what fools-" He stopped as Parker held up his cigar, and Simpson produced a tumbler from be hind him. Then they all burst into a shame less laugh. " It's all right," Parker said. " We won't ask who commenced first, and won't rob each other of any money, because it. seeniB to me it was about simnltaneous. In future I'm going to make one New Year's resolution only." . And what is that?" the other two cried in the same breath, " It is this, my boyj-and I think you'll Bgree with me for once. My* resolution is to resolve to never resolve to eive up anything." THE WRONG 'DN. 