BENDIGO CHRISTIAN CONVEN- TION. The convention was continued yester- day in the Wesleyan Church, Forest street. A prayer meeting was held at 7 o’clock in the morning. The conference opened at 30 am., under the presidency of thp Rev. J. Watsford. The general subject to which each speaker had to address himself was "Power for Service : the peed of the Church.” (The Rev.E. H. Ellis, J. Ross, A. Yule, and E. C. Isaacs occupied the forenoon and afternoon sittings. In the evening there was a large attendance and addresses were delivered by the Revs. Thos. Copeland and J. Watsford. Mr. Cope- land after referring to the Church needing the baptism of the Holy Ghost, dwelt for some time on prayer, defining its place and power and relationship to faith. The Rev. J. Watsford spoke with force on the power for service. They had the church and all its appliances, nevertheless, they were sometimes. not connected with thee "power,” not in vital connection with the Holy Ghost, and therefore they lacked power and influence. The churches ought to pray for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and then they wanted to be more under the control of the Holy Ghost becoming pliant, in his hands so that he would use them according to his will. There was nothing impossible at Calvary. There was power there sufficient to shake the whole world. Christ on the cross was a power which had changed the current of thousands upon thousands of men’s lives, and had sustained them through the most crucial difficulties of life. If the church would look to Christ they would be filled with the spirit, receive power and mighty,wondrous influence would radiate from the church, and through the churches humanity would be marvellously blessed. The Convention concludes to-day. Meetings will be held at the same hours as yesterday. News has been received at Cairns (Queens- land) that two ‘‘ pivilised blacks” have killed and eaten a gin, troopers are out after the murderers. The informers state that the tribe were preparing to kill Messrs. Clarke and Joss and other well-known miners. 