[?] [?] :/ M'Co kdon <tabLf< R-Kr> rHAPTEE' XII. — LOVE'S YOUNG DEEAIT. Wallard's friend, Gard, quickly beckoned to a hansom and it was by his Bide almost Vousee that four-wheeler just starting F" « Yes, sir.'' u Follow it up. Do not lose sight of it for & moment. When it stops at a hotel drive slowly on past it, till you see the fares- iflllvc/' 44 Eight you are," said the cabby, and the chase began. It was, however, one of no great length or difficulty. The cab drew up at the L , and the partly alighted and entered, after Captain Gregory had paid the fare. Wallard was not a very early riser, but about twelve next day his private hansom ran him quickly down to the L . "Wait," said Wallard. He entered the hotel, some waiters who stood about obsequiously bowing to him as he passed them. These men knew a private hansom from a public one, and were of that class who honor heavy gold chains and diamond rings, whether false or real. "Bedroom, sir?" " No, thank you. Fact ris some friends of mine, I believe, are staying here, and I want to surprise them." " What name, sir ?" "Ah! I believe they are travelling incog." He nodded and smiled. "Honeymooning; eh, sir?" " Something of that, sort." ' 4 One a seaf aring-looking gent ? THa wife, much younger, petite and pretty; a very beautiful girl, perhaps a daughter of the gent's by a former marriage. How'd that suit, sir F" "The very thing; hut was there not a young man?" "Ah! yes; visitor, undoubtedly, and the girl's lover quite as undoubtedly." Half a sovereign at this stage of the con versation found its way into the clerk's hand. " I wish to see the elder lady alone. Can We manage it ?" " Certainly, sir, but " " But what ?" " They went away this morning." "Whew — w — w!" whistled Wallard. " Did the porter note the number of the fly?" " I believe so, sir.' The porter had noted the number, and it took W allard all that day to obtain further information. At the conclusion thereof all that he had found out was that 12,008 had driven three of the party to St. Paucras and left them there. W hither they were going he could not tell. He liad got another fare and gone off. Nor could the sight of gold stimulate the memory of the railway porter, who usually labels the luggage for the North. I fear Wallard would have made hut a poor detective. However, he succeeded at last in finding out at the L that the party had come direct from a certain well- known old-fashioned inn up in the lake district. So Yrallard made preparation for an ex tended tour. He would trace them back- Wards, as he had failed to trace them for wards. One thing, at least, he had found put their names, Tom Gregory and Mrs Oregory and Hose Roberts were written in the visitors' book plainly enough, and Winnie's husband did not look like a man "Who would trouble himself to travel incog. He was_ said to be a seafaring- looking gent. This, Wallard himself could confirm, out for all that he might be a coal and coke nierchant, a 'bus proprietor or a cattle dealer. »o this helped him but little. However, to a considerable extent Waliard a no'5r hi his element. He had something ftJr i an excHing nature, a game to play, mystery to unravel, revenge to take, and, \- «. i\> above all, probably a young and heantiful girl to fascinate as a guerdon of success. Since many, many years ago a relative of his had died and left liim a legacy that placed a. Hfe-long barrier betwixt him and the pos sibility of poverty, time had pnn the whole tt11? 8!?mS heavily on Wallard's hands. II® eoon exhausted all the ordinary -pleasures of life, at least all of them he cared to try. For Wallard was no fool ; he had never lost muoh money on horse-racing, he went in for the turf just as he at times went in for baccarat or loo, or the small stake sys tem, merely enough to create interest and a pleasant kind of excitement that tended to grease the wheels of ' lagging time. But he had never been either drunkard, drinking man, or roue, so at thirty-five we find him looking very little older than many men of eight- and- tw&nty.; His one failing was the fair sex. To gain any kind of a victory over a lovely woman, or to secure any sort of favor from her was worth, to his way of thinking, any amount of trouble or expense either. A lovely woman, Wallard had told his com panions many times and oft, was the only stake in this world worth playing for, and if there was a man in the way, whether that man were a brother, a lover or a husband, it only made the same ten times more worth play ing for. As a very young man, Wallard had been very engaging, as many of the lady passengers in the ship in which he acted as paymaster knew to their cost, bnt now he was doubly captivating, doubly dangerous — and he knew it. The knowledge created plea sures within his breast, adding also to the sang froid of his manner and very much indeed to his innate self conceit. But his experience told him that, as a rule, women did not object to a little conceit or vanity in a man, and that they were very much in clined to take him at the value at which he rated himself. So now, Wallard was once more on the warpath. He was a private detective, but 8cting on his own responsibility, and entirely on his own behalf. Well, there are two sorts of detectives. There is the exceedingly clever class, who having once found a clue, should it he but a woman's hair on the sleeve of a coat, or a dash of some peculiar perfume in a handker chief, build up a sturdy pathway on or from that hair cr perfume which leads them unde viatingly on to success. This class of detec tives is only found in the stories or tales of the sensational novelist, and never in real life by any chance whatever. Poeta nasoitur non fit they say of the bard, but it seems to me to be q\ute the reverse with the detective — fit non nasoitur. He must be a plodding, ; industrious fellow, able, of conrse, to put that and that together, and to follow up a clue in a very indefatigable, but often enongh in a very clumsy way indeed. And Wallard was neither better nor worse than the ordinary Scotland Yard man. But he had the gift of patience, and now while doing his best to unearth his quarry, he did otsvJ- -Taw o tvi amnu f Inflfl fll<vnf nf fno tilnoertrca of life. He came back from the Lake district, how ever, figuratively speaking, with his finger in his mouth. " Everything comes to him who can wait," he told Gard when rallied on the non- success of his mission. " I'm going to bide my time, Gard, my boy. The grapes are barely ripe, anyhow." Meanwhile the winter wore away, and Gregory's ship was once more reported ready for sea. Fain indeed would Winnie have kept her husband at home, and sad was her heart when she bade her sailor farewell. Something, she knew not what, seemed hang ing over her. Her husband might die or be lost. His ship might never return, or in his absence something might occur that she dared not even name herself. She could and would pray for him while far at eea, however. Winnie's faith was a very simple one. She felt in her heart of hearts that God himself is far more kind and merciful than man. That her Saviour even did not condemn the 4 woman caught in adultery," but bade her go and sin no more. And she knew, too, that the devil having once gotton one to commit some particular sin is never better pleased than when he can point to it and assert that it is a barrier, an eternal barrier, between the perpetrator and his Maker, that prayer is of no further use, and forgiveness out of the question, whereas if there be any truth at all in revealed religion, our iniquities serve at times to bring us nearer to Him, and his marvellous mercy building up within us a gratitude that forms the stepping-stone to the peace that passeth Poorfskuple Winnie. Her husband had no sooner gone, his barque, which she had watched with tearful eyes till lte pshad disappeared, had no sooner sunk behind the horizon, than she began bitterly to repent that she had not fold him all. fie, so good, so trustful, soinnocent, wouM assuredly ha ve forgiven her, ey, and beoome her firm Mend smd protector. Bnt now, alas 1 it was too late. Then she began to oount the long weary months that must elapse before his probable nay Ids earliest return. Four at least. What an interminable time. February flew by, and March advanced, bringing with it bad and burgeon to the tree tender " briar d " to the brown, bare fields, a flush of green with daisies intermixed to the lees, and of song and sunshine to the birds in woodland, heath and moor. Spring is a sweet time all the world over. Spring is the season of love, a glad, a joyous tune to the young. When one day Rose received a letter from Frank M'Naugnton — the first she'd ever had —to tell her that his ship would soon arrive at Southampton, and that he meant to spend his holidays near her home, Rose went and buried her crimsoned face on her mother's bosom as she handed her the letter. Her mother let Rose's head rest there while she read the brief epistle. Then she held her a little way off from her that she might look in her face while she answered this simple question. 44 Rose, child, do you love this young man ?" Rose did not answer at once. She seemed intent on trying to detach a button from her mother's dress. " I don't quite know," she said. Then once more she hid her face. And a tear fell softly from her mother's eye as she kissed her daughter's hair. -".Heaven grant," Winnie was praying, " that your love may be more happy than mine was." Yet neither in his letter nor at any time had young Frank M'Naughton breathed a word, a single word of love to Rose. It was strange, therefore, that simply because she had come to love this sailor she should feel quite certain in her own mind that he loved her. I am going to content myself with the statement of facts, and not to attempt to analyse them psychologically, although to do so might . prove a very interesting study. Does love beget love ? Do two young people, thrown together under certain circumstances, become in a measure en rapport as to sonl ? Do they attract each other by any laws known to the psychist, or that ought to be known to him ? These are the questions which for the present I must leave unanswered. Frank M4Naughton came to the village, and, strangely enough, found rooms at Hie house of Jamieson, Gregory's old gardener friend. He was going to study hard now, he said. Well, he did study, but I think it was chiefly Browning, Shakespeare, and other poets, with botany, to which he had a leaning, es pecially that branch of it which treats of wild flowers. This — more mystery — hap pened to be a favorite study of Rose's. She was quite au fait with all the wild flowers of the district, so a kind of compact was made between them. Rose was to assist Frank in arranging and classifying the wild flowers, and naturally enough in collecting them also, while in return he would initiate her into the mysteries of Browning. What a pleasant and happy spring and summer that was. How innocent and guileless. A summer to be looked back to in the darkness of later years, and mourned for as one mourns for the beautiful who die. Ah ! Tom Moore was right when he said — 14 There's nothing half so sweet in life As young love's dream." Did they plight their troth? Ho; and this was somewhat singular. Yet each had the moBt complete trust in the other, nevertheless. Lnck favored Wallard. He was walking one day with Gard on the outskirts of Bir mingham when it occurred to them to quench their thirst at an inn close by. The place was kept by a Scotsman, and on the table lay an Aberdeen paper. 44 Captain Tom Gre gory, of the good ship Arctic Queen, reported as having a full ship, and expected home in a few weeks." 44 By George, Gard !" cried Wallard, with more enthusiasm than ever his friend had seen him display before ; 44 1 have it at last. Read that." 44 It would seem so," said Gard. 44 And it is, Gard. Something tells me so. And I'm off to- night." Next evening found Wallard comfortably ensconsed at the Palace hotel, Aberdeen, and soon after 10 o'clock on the next morning he was busily engaged reading over the back files of the 4 Journal." Yes, here it was at last, the marriage of Tom Gregory to Winnie Roberts, of, etc., etc. Wallard laughed aloud in his glee. 44 Trumps at last," he said to himself, as he sauntered back to his hotel. I44 Boat to Lerwick, sir ? Lot me see, sir. Why, this evening at 6 o'clock." 44 Thank yon, waiter. And theGreen- r. - v v,- - ----- land shins on their refota voyage all call theroF "They're obliged to, bit, to land the Shetland portion of their crew." On the quarter- deck of the Scottish Chief tain that same evraing, while the vessel was heading away for the far-off Ultima Urale, none walked" with a more elastic stride than Wallard. He had formed his plans, and success seemed a certainty. CHAPTER XIII. — Face to Face with the Awful Past. Not only did Wallard believe himnnlf to be a detective of the first water, but in talk ing to his especial friend, Lord — the impecunious son of a noble house — he gave himself all the airs of one. 44 Now, you will see," he would say, 44 that this will turn out precisely as I predict." To give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially female human nature. But although on that evening, when he turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory's box, he looked mostly at Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, the husband did not escape his notice and study. 44 Soft,'' he remarked to himself, 44 a man that, if I deBire to, I ean twist round my finger, or mould into any shape I choose." It was because he thought he had need of Gregory that he was now hieing northward to Lerwick. Most men, having found Winnie's address, would have turned up there and taken chance of winning Kosie's heart. Yes, it was poor Rose whom Wallard now intended to make his quarry. Talk of love at first sight, well, here was an instance of it. In one moment Wallard had trans ferred all his love— if real love can exist in the breast of such a man as this — which he once had borne for the mother to the daughter. She hod all her mother's beauty, her mother's hair and eyes, and all her mother's winsome ways, and she was young, an opening bud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color, ere the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had he with so young and innocent a child as this ? He did not hesi tate to ask himself this question. You will hate him when I tell you he asked the ques tion before his mirror. 44 Chance enough," he conceitedly replied, smiling at his re flection. 4 4 There isn't a grey hair yet in those temples nor in that beard. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor havoYjcvqg ( i i ? WHY HAVE YOU FOLLOWED ME HEBE ? frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman's heart thoroughly, and be sides all — I have money, not to call it wealth." That was Wallard's verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passage to Lerwick, and almost the first question Wallard asked when he had got on shore was : 44 Has the Arctic Queen come in yet ?" 41 No," was the reply, 44 hut she is ex pected here every day." 44 She won't stay here long, I suppose ?" 44 Only a day," cried the landlord, then he winked. 44 Yen see, sir," he added, by way of explaining his wink, 44 the skipper got married last fall, and he'll crack on home to his wife you may be sure. And they say she is a full ship this time." And sure enough next afternoon the Arctic Queen sailed into the great harbor or land-locked salt water lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after she had dropped anchor and clued sails, boats were Been shov ing off from the vessel, filled with brawny Shetlanders, with their hags and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their coming, and such a scene of affectionate greeting, when they did laud, Wallard had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and grey-haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for their hoys embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheering were something to be heard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the sturdy Scots there next came the Captain's own whaler. Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not help thinking so. In evening dress he had been a failure, but here in Ms suit of frock pilot and sailor's hat, he was every inch a seaman and a man. He went straight towards the hotel, where he was met by many of his Shetland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretched out to grasp his. 44 Bravo, the Arctic Queen." 44 Full up again, Gregory?" 44 The luckiest sMp that goes to the country." 44 The luckiest skipper, too !" 44 Not a bit of it, put in the landlord, 44 Captain Thomas Gregory has a head upon his shoulders, that's it, neighbors. But I say, skipper, what stay are yoa going to make ?" 44 Be off to-morrow, Mr B." Ah! hut you'll let the boys oome ha show to enjoy themselves andbuysoma pretty mits for their sweethearts, you oaix't refuse them that, surely, since you've been . bo lucky F" 44 No, I suppose I musn't," said Gregory, laughing. 44 There are lots of letters for you in the coffee room." « 111 « get them. I hope all's well at home. By-bye, boys, see you all later on." Wallard in the b act - ground had beeu listening to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room, and took up a paper. The honest sailor read his letters from home, and many a smile of joy stole over his countenance as he did so. 44 All well and happy," he said aloud at last. 44 Thank the Lord of Heaven for that." It was a very fervent ejaculation, and en-ded with a sigh of intense relief. t. ,e looked round and noticed Wallard. Why he said, laughing. 44 1 really thought I was all alone." 44 Never mind me, Captain," said Waliard. 44 But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you pleasure." 44 Ah ! yes, I'm iu luck this voyage. So different from. last. Walter, bring me a little whisky and soda." 4 4 May I join you, sir, in a drink r" 44 You're very good, Mr — a — " 44 Wallard Is my name." 4 4 And I'm Tom Gregory — plain Tom Gregory." 44 Pleased to meet you, I'm sure." The two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. 44 Now," said Wallard, when the drinks were brought, 4 4 is there anything I can tell you ? For I suppose you haven't had news for many a day ; but let me say, to begin with, that the Conservative Government is still in power, that the grand old 44 Fiddlestick !" interrupted Gregory. 44 Well, the grand old fiddlestick is alive and hearty, that the Irish question remains unsettled, and that we haven't come to war with France over Egypt yet." 4 4 Bravo ! Sir, I'm pleased to have met you." 44 And I to have met you, Captain Gregory. Will you dine with me here to-night? I daresay the viands we shall get will not rival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say you accept, and I'll give the order, and try to jrtir the old folks up." with pleasure, I'm sure." said Wallard, "I shall tell you allyouYwant to know about our dear old Soun,try,j and you can give me information abojit sfijkl hunting, hear st alt lag, and all the wB|prt8 of the far North." V can am aQ old ice-man, and, fheugh I say it myself, what I don't know about Greenland, north and we.it— well, isn't worth making a note of. Are you foud of sport, Mr Wailird ?" 44 Passionately s®. In fact, Captain Gregory, I'm rather au idle fellow. I had the good, or bad, fortune some years ago to be left what is called a thumping legacy, and I the gave up sea- life as a profession." 44 What ! Do I speak to a. brother sailor?" 4 4 1 have been a seafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and rose to te a humble purser." 44 You're a sailor, and that's enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and excuse my broken English. You've been a seafarer. But how could you have given it up ?" 44 Ob, I did not quite give up the sea. Ia fact, since this legacy was left me, I have visited every laud ou earth whose shores are Iappsd by blue water. And I'm not sure that I shan't take a passage next season in a saaler to Greenland, just for the sake of sport." 44 Well, look here, fir, you're a man of the world, I can see ; and if you care to take a trip up north with your gun, let me know. My barque isn't big, but I'll make room for you." The dinner passed off to Wallard's com plete satisfaction, and before Gregory and he parted for the night, Wallard had secured a passage back to Scotland on board the Arctic Queen. This was precisely what he wanted. The winds were contrary at times, and at times there was no wind at all, so the voyage was quite a long one. But Wallard made himself the life and joy of the ship ; he was soon beloved fore ana aft. 44 How I Bhould have been fretting and fuming now," said the good skipper, 4 4 if you had not been on board. I tell you what it is, Mr Wallard, Providence must have sent you.' ' 44 What a capital actor I should have made !" thought Wallard. But a fair wind came at last, and the good barque spread her wings and flew before it. 44 1 dare say," said Wallard, on the last morning, 44 there are plenty of trains south ?" 44 Look here, Mr Wallard, if you talk about running off south for two or three weeks to come I shall make you strict prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at your door armed with a harpoon gun." Wallard laughed. 44 Don't forget," he said, 44 that you have a wife to please. Ladies don't love me, Gregory." 44 Come, come," said the innocent skipper, 44 that's past a joke. You don't know Winnie." 44 Don't I, though," thought Wallard. 44 She'll welcome you for my sake." 14 She's welcomed me for my own ere now," Wallard said to his heart. 44 And little Rose. The Rose of Allan- dale. Why bother me. I hadn't thought . of her. Nothing more nnlikely than that , you should fall iu love with her, and she with ; you. He, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. . However, home you come with me, and we'll have some fun, you bet." ' Winnie was among the first to oome OR . board. She rushed into her husband's annsf. She was in tears with very joy. Then came Rose and fondled her step -father, not less earnestly, if a little more shyly. # . - 44 O, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick Lflotl acquainted with each a dear good htuadsomq - fellow, a sailor, too. I want Mm to stay for a few weeks with us. I know you'll wel come him for your husband's sake. And yon must sing to himrometimes, Rose. Afyeyes, ' darling", tow bonnie you look ! Come xwid Idas yonr daddy onoe. again. J3ut where on earth has Wallard disappeared, to P Below la he, steward? How pale you are, "Winnie ! No fainting fit again, I hope. Winnie staggered a little, and would have fallen, hut for Wallard himself who, on his same being mentioned , rushed up , thecom- panion. . . „ . And now he held Winnie in _ arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoicing triumphant. . ,. It was a strange situation. Melodramatic in a measure, though it had been none oi WallardV seeking, and certainly not what He 'fimC'im the poor writhing rictim, powerless as it were in the talons of the mer ciless persecutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while Gregory, distracted, had hurried away to fetch water. . > "Dissemble a little," whispered Wallard. << You must. He knows nothing, positively nothing." 44 Leave me now," she gasped. She sat in a deck chair, erect but pale. Rose in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded arms, himself a little pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes riveted in ill-disguised admiration upon Rose's upturned faoe. # Back bustled Gregory, and in a few minuteB Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy self again. . Seemed ? Yes, she was dissembling. She must, as Wallard had said. God give her strength. She was face to face once more with the awful past. CHAPTER XIV.— A Game op Life ob Death. It is so hard for anyone whose nature is sensitive to have to dissemble — to live a lie ! And Winnie had not a angle friend in whom she could oonfide, or to whom she could tell her sorrows, or the sad story of the crime. There was one, only one, who knew the whole sad tale, and a gentle loving heart she had, albeit but a Cingalee. That one was Weeba. Winnie had ever respected and looked np to this woman almost as a mother, and the affection she had for Winnie was very sincere indeed. But, though, for the sake of obtaining just a little sympathy from her, Winnie Roberts had told Weeba the story of her great tempta - tion — endured and resisted for her child's sake — and told her, too, of the abstracted cheque, she had mentioned no name or names. She was glad of this now. Weeba must never know that the tempter was Wallard, now a guest at the bungalow of AUandale. She herself could dissemble. It was almost a matter of life and death that she should, but she feared lest Weeba, out of the very kindness of her heart, might try to influence Captain Gregory against his guest. No, in this one thing Winnie must Stand alone. So, though she grew thinner and paler every day, she suffered in silenee. She went about as usul, however. She played and sang in the evening, she was even deferential and affable towards Wallard. She had not yet seen him alone to talk to. But that time came within a week. Wallard in Gregory's presence had ex pressed a wish to see the little cottage where Winnie had lived previous to her marriage. It was now to be let, and he thought it would just do for a shooting-box or a fishing - box for himself and his friend Gard for a few months. 44 Two old bachelors, Mrs Gregory," he said, laughing, " that the fresh and bracing breezes of this rugged ooast would speedily make young again." "Well, my dear," said Gregory, "why don't you run over with Mr Wallard and let him see it. I've got to go out this morning, and I'm taking Rose, but we'll be back to lunch as hungry as rats." Then Winnie got up from the chair. She nodded and smiled to Wallard. 4 4 We will go at once," she said, and so retired to put on her hat. Indeed, the interview she knew must come Booner or later, and She longed to know Wallard's intentions, and to know how much she was in his power. Bat not a word on the subject so near to the hearts of both was spoken until they had entered the cottsge. Tired and pale as death Winnie seated herself in the window sill of that empty room in which she had spent so many happy, peaceful days, while on a broken chair Wallard seated himself a little way in front of her, bestriding it as if it had been a hobby horse. It was she who spoke first. « Why have you followed me here ?" she said. 44 Why have you set yourself to break up my happy home, to break the heart of as fond and innocent a husband as ever lived, and to bring grief and sorrow upon my darling child ? What is your wish ? Speak — I will have the truth." 44 You shall have it, Mrs Gregory. And you will have it briefly, too, and at once. '.For many and many a long year, Winnie, I have loved you " 44 Stay. Not one word of love to me, Mr Wallard, or this interview must be brought to a conclusion, at all hazards." " Not one word of love to you, Winnie. No, because I have ceased to love you. The affection I had for you, dear, I have trans ferred to— — " " To whom? Speak, man, why do you hesitate ?" " To your daughter." " To Rose ?" Winnie almost shrieked. Her eyes were almost starting from her head, And the sweat stood in big drops upon her sold forehead. (to be continued. ) — — — wimgipm— i 