IT is unfortunately only too certain that the coming winter will be one of the hardest ever experienced by the working classes of Australia, or at all events the working classes of New South Wales and Victoria, and, possibly, Queensland. For months past the barometer has been falling with a slow regularity which indicated all too clearly that the depression was no local matter caused by floods or failure of district crops or any other circumscribed cause. Public revenue as a whole has kept steadily on the down grade. The railway receipts, which constitute a very sensitive guage of the prosperity or otherwise of the country, have dropped with a run. Everything that directly or indirectly is re lated to finance and trade tells the same story-of loss, of trade shrinking and dwind ling, of men unable to find anything to do, of property depreciating in value, of confi dence tailing. The collapse of a large number of the banking institutions is only one proof added to many more that we are approach ing the darkest and most trying hour in our national history. The bank failures will necessarily intensify the strain by dislocating what little trade still exists, and locking up, during the curious process known as recon struction, a very large amount in the shape of deposits for a term of years. This con traction of the currency at a time when the necessities of State require a currency that is elastic must inevitably increase the already wellnigh crushing burden, ahd the most sanguine must confess that the outlook is one of daily deepening gloom. It is small com. fort to recognise that there is nothing outr or bizarre about the situation, but that it is a direct and quite natural sequence of the general policy followved by our Governments. If anything, that bitter knowledge adds to the trouble, just as it adds to the regret and remorse of a broken-down wretch to know positively that his physical condition is owing wholly to his own folly and depravity. It is comparatively easy to exercise patience and be resigned, if, believing in the ultimate ,visdom of all the trials and vicissitudes of (his life, we regard trouble or loss as one of those mysterious dispensations of Providence devised to work out eternal benefits to character; but it is beyond even stoicism to find consolation in the fact that we are reaping in pain and anxiety the harvest of our own deliberate misdeeds, This season of collapse and failure, with its blacker phases of actual deprivation ahead, could have been confidently predicted months and years ago without making any pretence to gifts of pro phesy and diviniation. If we see a lighted fuse thrust into the bunghole of a powder barrel we need no prophetic quality to enable us to predict that there will be an explosion ; and when we see a community, with the mephistophelean aid of professional gamblers, syndicates, and mone tary institutions, booming up real estate until it reaches the dizzy altitude it gained in Victoria and New South Wales a few years ago, we can foresee that by the inevitable laws of reaction and the principles of political economy, without calling in any extreme and fanciful explana tions, there must in course of time, longer or shorter according to the ease or difficulty with which borrowed money can be obtained to postpone the sure day of reckoning, be a terrific downfall. If we cared to refer back to our files at the time when the Victorian boom was in its lull swing and short- sighted protectionists were bawling themselves hoarse in their leather-lunged eulogy of Victorian progress and prosperity, we could find, not one or two, but dozens of warnings that all this was artificial and would as assuredly terminate in disaster and all. involving depression as any violation of physical laws would terminate in pain, immediate or remote. The whole connection between land booming and commercial depression is traced out unerringly by Henry George in "Progress and Poverty," and the position in the colonies to-day is a remark able confirmation of the soundness of his philosophy. The only hope a number of institutions and individuals have of weather ing the storm is that, somehow, another boom may be started, allowing them in the interval to quietly unload and throw the burden of meeting the consequent reaction upon the masses. That this will be attempted as soon as ever the conditions will serve we believe as firmly as we believe that the sun will rise to-morrow; and so closely are Governments and average members of Par liament interested in syndicates, banks, mortgage companies, and like institutions, that unless the people, learning from bitter experience that they themselves have finally to pay the piper whoever dances, insist upon such a tax beingimposed onlandvalues as will effectually clip the wings of boomers in real estate, we ate prepared to hear before long considerable talk about the recovery in real estate values. They will some day stop the game and probably not very distant either, but the question now is: What is to be done to soften the miseries of the 'next few months? We have had hard times before, brought about mainly by the same causes as have operated to bring about the existing depression, but there has never been any thing within the present generation so general and so gloomy as this. Six of the big banking institutions have already gone under, " pending reconstruction," and to all the previous troubles must now be added the ever-widening circles of shock and distur bance caused by these suspensions. In the face of this tremendous exigency-in the alr ost certain knowledge that we are destined to have to undergo worse things before the bed-rock of the depression has been touched and the reaction sets in-with the prospect of the worst winter the working classes of to day ever had to contend with before them, what are the Governments of Australia doing? How are they preparing to alleviate present pangs, and what measures are they adopting to prevent these terrific oscillations in future? Virtually nothing. Sir George Dibbs in this colony is giving all his attention to propping up the remaining banks by questionable legislation such as finds favour with South American republics and is probably one .strong determining factor in their always insolvent condition, His objec tion to State interference when labour only is concerned vanishes like a ghost at cock crow when the bank managers interview him on behalf of wealth. In Victoria the Execu tive have proclaimed five successive days bank holidays, ostensibly to prevent a rush on the banks consequent on the failure of the National Bank of Australasia, though what effect this will have when the sixth day comes and the bank doors are opened remains to be seen. In both colonies the Government are offering the vast masses of the unemployed stones in place of bread, while showing themselves ready to suspend all the customs and orders of legislation in order to assist the banks. In the course of a week or two Parliament will go into recess, possibly for five months, and thus far there is not the slightest indication on the part of our Government that they intend doing any thing to relieve the growing distress in our midst. 