HERE AND THERE. . BT " WANDERER." ONE of the most popular writers in Germany. half a centuary ago was Hemrich Zschokke, who devoted him self to the improvement'of the humbler classes of society. In his "'Das Gold macher- Dorf,"he has a sly hit' at the easy-going church-going villagers. Dur ing a terrible storm one night the parsonage house is struck by lighten ing, and the old clergyman so fright ened that at the end of a day or two he gives up the ghost. This necessitates the appomtment 'of a successor, who happens to be well-informed,ienthusias. tic young man, but although his dis course is loud and lucid, it displeases the old villagers. Siys one of them to his companions, "What can such a boy as that do for us 7 He is one of the new- fangled preachers. .We can understand every woad' that he says: What is the good of that 1 He should go. more deeply into things. Our worthy old parson was a very different man; lie could preach for an hour and a half far beyond our usiderstand ings. It was'quite delightful to hear his sensible sermons." Sometimes this yain brings to my mind anotheri about "a certaii local divine, which it would take a real tornado to shift out of his pulpit; On second thoughts, however, .. I.won't tell it just yet. ' Gallant young gents- sometimes get themselves into queer.-fixes.. At the SNaval Ball, last Friday, 'one in par • ticular rose a laugh against himself. H-- e wk~s 'eleted, t d thlie -retdr" . thanks'business to the ~ailors for the pleassant evening etc; and he started off in this way,-" I have the honor to thank the ladies for their---" but he could get no further for the laughter Sof his friends, who failed to compre hend how a sailor or a horse-marine could be classed under that category. It all was, however, traceable to his being single, and in the habit of attend . ing social dinners and tea fights with his pa. Look out my friends in' the. butcher ing line. -Mr half-a-sheep-for-two-and six, and five- pound-sausages-one-sliil l; ing has bought Walter Clarke out of his shop in Nelson place, and is going : to show . Williamstown householders what cash can do. If he will send say half-a-sheep to my humble address, care of the Chronicle, I' will sample and describe its flavor. Or better still, if he will pay his footing by leaving a whole animal with the secretary of the ";. Ladies' Benevolent Society for distri bution amongst the poor and destitute, :I will make it known to your readers . as such, a generous action would deserve. Twenty-seven years since our Wil liamstown water pipes were, cleaned 'out. - What think you'- of this. ye people that have been swiping . the ,.Yan ean?Yean Passing -by -the - other day as the men were dragging out the filth lodgments, I was within an ace of losing my breakfast-the stench was so great. Surely these . pipes 1 ought to be cleansed once a year, or at the outside every second year. ':What say you Dr. Johnston, health officer; \--C Say. about this hospital of ours Mr c Editor, when in the name of goodness. - are the fellows that run the show going I to open the building - They- havo, or f ought to have, ere this, plenty of -money to- finish the building:- etc. When are -they going to" publish a .balance-sheet 7 Is there any of the coin locked up for- reconstruction everything and everyone- now-a-day goes in for reconstruction. I hate the word reconstruction. It is.on the lips s of three- fourths of the people.you-meet one's washerwoman . thrown in. Now then Baker, wake the Committee up like you did the Council over the Naval Ball. Some high- souled resident - of the. STatura district has informed the I authorities that a legal technicality . in 1 ,the way of registration wass not t attended to, in connection- with, the( local Herald with the result that the e police have seized the plant. It is a pity 'the law allows a piece of thought lessnessto be taken advantage of in such a manner. The man who in- a forms of such matters should also have = the privilege of turning bum-bailiff and c making the seizure. The police have t quite enough to do without enforcing f musty acts of Parliament that could I : have died out, when the State Schools I came into existence. \-- In last issue of the . aend C. 2 \- Jourmucl, Sydney, appears a portrait of I the Master of the local Mint. HTe is gracefully attired in corduroy breeches, Scoarse woolen stocking, shooting boots, 1 a gamnekeeper's jacket and a jaunty hat perched on three hairs, while a. plaid shaiwl gracefully reclines on his left shoulder. - Such a costume would look , just the thing on Ben Nevis in a snow storms, butin a branch of the Royal Mint, it is just as misplaced as the hbistoric bull in the china shop. That was a smalit piece of work of the"Williamstown Girl"that writes the ladies column in your last issue, like wise your printers, Mr Editor, in hav Sing, the Chronicle circulated 11.30 on F: 'riday ridght, with a full account of the-Naval Ball, togethei with a descrip tion of the ladies' dresses. I noticed Mr Baker, the chairman, with an arm : full distributing them amongst the swells. Your office boy also informsme that copies printed in gold were in the hands of the vice-regal party on Satur day morning. Allow me, sir, to com pliment your staff. :: .. Twenty van loads of presents,"thus said the cable in notifying the quantity of wedding presents received by the Duke of York and his wife, and I see -. bythe palpers that certain Melbourne admirers want to add a Victorian offer. ing to the collection. Their efforts, methinks, might jbe more sensibly \- directed to relieving distress at their doorstep. Let me suggest that they suhscribe and buy some van loads of bedding for distribution amongst the poor. Then they would realise the .difference between "gold to the rich," Sand the motto "Help the needy and ,suffering." - SIt seems that the Master is ever thloughtfulof.'the. poor. Some twenty years ago, ildrihg times as bad as they \- are now, the first dead-lock, tons of ish were-drivqn'ip to our shores and -hawked about- at fourpence to sixpence a basket. For weeks past fish has been very plentiful, selling as low as two dozen a penny. Thursday last one fishing party obtained 400 baskets :which were sold in the market for -fourpence per basket, and yesterday another party of fishermen obtained two boat loads twenty yards from the I "Gem" berth, Port Melbourne pier. This is indeeds God-send for our 