THE STORY . '.' iOV ANDREW FAIRFAX. BOOK II. PBBPABING FOB .HIS >WORK; CHAPTER xxir. " O'EB MOOR AND TEN," " Thou hast one "forsaken; Jamie! Thou haat meforsaken; Thou hast me forsaken,: Jamie I Thou hast me forsaken. Thou canst loveamther, go, .-While my heart is breakin' Soonmy weary een I'll close— Never, raairto waken, Jamie, Ne'er.mair to waken!' 1 - : —tlOBBBT BCRNB. Just as Andrew was going out, he heard a timid knock at the door. On opening it he saw Amos Crews 'standing there trembling android. "" ' ;-'.vN , "I couldn't bear to see'eego.alone,.' he said, »I.feel I must go witfr"ee. <Jod"ll aire me strength." _ ..., *- " Amos; Amoe," s«M Andrew,,"it must not be. Ton are trembling, almost fainting now." •:..-• -> " I've come fast. I was 'fraid you would be gone, but I'm in' time,- thank God. I couldn't slaip or rest, BUT, ef I thought you'd be alone. I shud go m&zed;, sur. I : feel I've got Bteength,vI iaustgo weth 'ee.'' v < I'ni'fraid I aia!t ,a'donWmy duty by. ' 'er, sur, and I be thinkin' as V'ow./the poor maid have thought that I was'ardwi- 'er. I ought.to 'ev guarded 'er better,'sur/and [ ought to ha' bin more tender. She's my own°maid's cheeld, she es, and I loved lier like my own life when I said cruel things to 'er. I must go weth 'ee, I must bring 'er'ome; and then—then the Lord's will be done." " Amos," said Andrew, " if you'go with me, I'm afraid it will kill you." ' • "It'll kill me if I doan't, Maaster;.'Andrew," answered the old man. " Why,tothink that little Kitty, tearing a burden of sorrow and shaame, should be out on sich a night as this, while her oul&granf; er was lying warm in bed, would ba terrible. No, no, sur, lev me go'"weth 'ee, lev-, me help 'ee to find 'er, lev me see 'er sasfe home, and then;—well then may the 'clear Loarcl taake me.hoihe."' "V .. Andrew saw there " would be, no use -in trying to dissuade., him,,86„going to "the kitchen he tried to get something jto strengthen him for his journey. His land- 1 idy hadgone to bed, but he knew.where the food was kept, so going to the .larder he took therefrom a jug of milk and some eggs. These, he tookwifch him into MB little sitting-room, and pouring the milk in a saucepan and puling it on the fire he began to exercise his • knowledge' in cookery. ' After old Amos had drunk a large dish o£ hot milk with new-laid eggs beat up in it, he looked far more strong and capable, and ihen having wrapped him up -warmly . with some of his own clothes, Andreyi led him out into the cold and silent night." " We'll go to St, terriok first;" he said. " If we have a chance, "we'll inquire about her on the-way j but I am in hopes that we shall find her in the workhouse there.' "We,never shall,'said -Amos tremulously.- *' The maid '11 go further away, than that. Come on, sur, come on.". - But their progress "was not great. Andrew had to accommodate his steps to those of the old man, who, although he toiled on bravely; was still weak. "We'll stop at Morgan Cross," said Andrew, after they had gone on in aJence for some time. " Morgan CroBS; why ?" aaked Amos. "She mayhare gme by train.'r " Ah, I dedn't think of that: but I doan't bleevo she eg." • " Why ?' . . " She ain't a got noon >aey," " Cundy may have given -her some." 'Ave yon seed young Cundy; Maaster, Andrew t" " Yes." "Will 'ee tell me what you said to aich otherV Andrew told him. • " Tou may call at Morgan Cross and inquire, Maaster Andrew, butsheedn't gone] by train.' \- - \- - " No i " She ain't a got nomoney . from we, Maaster Andre w,'-cauBe -we ain't a gotnoan; ourselves, and «he- .wouldn't-take-noan: from he. She wudden't, sur. She edn't that soarfc of a maid." They came on to Morgan Cross presently and found the station gates locked, but' they roused up the station -master. - „•.,- ; No, he had not seen Kitty Crews. He' was certain that she had not. been at the station that day. The next station, .moreover, was more than five miles away, and it was not probable that Bhe had gone to that.: They trudged on again. It-was now-far past midnight, and Jhe roads were .very drear. Still the night was . light. The": moon sailed high m the heavens while the!, rimy frost, reflected its silvery, light.. Ordinarily Andrew would; have: enjoyed: the walk, bat; remembering his mission, 1 • and remembering, too, the. sorrow of .the • old man EO uncomplainingly trudging on at his side, he could not realize beauty, or; enjoyment. Often they had to. stop and rest.; often Andrew tried to persuade Amos that when 1 they came to St. Lerrick he must go to' some place and rest while he pursued his search alone. But to this Amos would not fasten. - . . " No. sur, I'll stay weth .'ee," Tie would say, "and I .bleeve the -Lord-es ;goin'to make me useful. 'He tould me to come weth 'ee, sur, -and you'll be glad that I've come. Besides, shes my own maid's cheeld, snd.I must be the one to find her.'.' It was three o'clock m the morning when they arrived, at .St. Lerrick. . They did not expect- to find her on the iSt- Neot side of this little town.. Andrew.hopd, that she would call, at the St. Lerrick wprthoiise and spend the night there, but Amos derived no comfort from the thoughts " The dear. cheeld waan't go there;" he said sorrowfully. Still he did nothing to hinder. Andrew {roth calling to gje, and kept on uncomplainingly by his side. And EO it came about that the workhouse, or as the people called it, ''the. Union"' was the place, to which ie. made -his: way. He had some difficulty m getting a hearing here, but he succeeded at length. Had a girl about eighteen called, a girl fair and patient lookugj decently dressed, but evidently m sorrow ? No, such, a one had not called. Was, the man sure f •J es. he was sure,'for this reason. There was not a single soul m the .vagrants' ward, and such as she would be put.there, Httd\\!ith. this answer thedoorwaBshut in Ms face. Amos heaved a sigh oi relief as they came away from the workhouse. He seemedglad thathi3 girl.was,not there ; as for Andrew, he.wasdisippomtel. "That knocks hope number one on the head," le^aid. « It wasn'tHoiopeiof mine,".:.said:sAinos.' No. I knawed the dear cheeld wudden t: go there. Ded 'ee hear what 'a said? " There's nobodym'the -vagrants' ward^ We Maaster Andrew, people wu& ruther "e in a pig s house than go in a vagrants' No,no. the cheeldhaB got-too OT ier owld granfer in herfor^that. Although 'Andrew had livecl in the country for several months, he had not yet realized the innate respectability of the labouring people. True, when they got ,old they got parish pay, and it was & temble thing with them -to take-ifcff&d; i Btill when a few of them had ha* ±8 J beinmates o£ the place the^ sfll U f i But they were brought to .a teirnble extremity first. -,AB-J:or-. going to the work- Jiouse as .vagrants, that was.too terrible to be thought of. - , .... ..-..t-. r\ 'Eor a'time the young man hesitated as to the neirt step, to take.' He would gladly have gone-to some place to have rested; but the great serrow on the-old man's facj forbade>him. any rest. 'In- spite,of his age, too, Amos seem endowed withnew strength. He did not break: down as;Andrew thought he would. His sorro.W'made him strong, i "Let.us go- on,. Maaster AndreJ^," he Baid- " I'm 'fraid the poor maid.es outm the could, And, aw my dear, she'll die ef she es." He seemed to have'little idea asto.where he was going, L He- trusted every thing to Andrew, only the fact of his trying to find her seemed to €ase his .aching,-heart. And so Andrew went'on with him, trying as he did so to devise some plan.of action. Presently iie""aaw.:a policeman. He would ask him whether he could give him any information, ljut .the man. -knew nothing. He had only been on duty a.few hours,, and so knew nothing.Perhaps he might learh^eomething if «he ;went TO the police fet ition-, it lay ''oi£' |ihe- Putiskir:ts .of the towr. And BO they ihade their way to the poli.se «tation, Andrew, stal'Birt , and strong, -4.mos leaning on his arm,"bravely struggling by his side. To Andrew there was nothiug sugg&stive; of.a poUce-stationinthis/qiiiet liitLebuild-^ ing. Usually there was but little occasionfor the police. The chief occupairts of the' i little plMe.TTer'e .either ,po,or fellows overcome " " Hefoundja.^Bergeantpf-the police, how-; 1 ever, -and put some questions ti> liim.' But: he eoon foiuid that great intelligence was' ;by no means characteristic of; a country, policeman; f.He waBquitefreeatoutgiving; the date when he got his stripes, but could' give no. information that cwoidd-help 5 the' two tired wayfarers,. They, were just onthe point of coming away - -when a man, a' constable, entered. ... . . ^ "Es et a Dice, clam-looking maid you : do main ?" he. asked. on hearing Andrew's' query. ~ ' , "Yes." ' j " Well, Bill Blewitt -was spaking 'boutone when we mit to-night." " How f Tell me." " Well, Bill Blewitt es the pleeceman over St. Judy, He's the'biggest man in the division. 1 He do stand eix iEoot fewer' in hes stockin's, and -can hould' u^ two! fifty-sixes, one in aich;'and and as aisy as, " : winkin, he 'can. -/Well, he' iaid tfiat he seed a.: maid . going on by 'eraelf, 'bout' 'leven o'clock on the way to St. Linkin.; Jle spoke to 'er, Bill Blewitt ded, but she wudden/say, nothin'., Bill was goin' to! tiake 'er tip as a vagrant, 'ee was, but Bhe tould he.she was go in!-to some friends." "Oh the way- to St. Linkin—do you: known where'that is, Amos ?' ; " Issi iss," .answered the old man tremu-i lously, " come on, come on." • • "Did Bhe tell- Blewitt nothing but! this ?" said Andrew; turning to the police-i inan again. 5 ;'' No thin' else, nothin' t'oal. BillBlewitt ; es 'a good-natured ;chap. . He .wudd'n ,'urti a worm, he wudd'n. Some policemen wud; *a her happrehended I speck." • " Come oni; Maaster Aiidrew; my dear, ; comei -on',/mMmure^ the old man. " Does she know'any one that wiay ?" 1 " No, no, nob.ody.'-' . \- Do you think you can go any farther yet-? Are you strong enough ?" "Go furder! Strong enough! Why,; the dear,cheeli es-out m the could, andj she do thmk that she edn't welcome at ' 'ome. Come on, she may be dym'. Bless 'er dear heart. Come on; Maaster Andrew, • and may the Loard help me." " Hive you anything to eat here ?" said Andrew, turning to the sergeant. "Can you sell me something to strengthen the' old man ?' "I c van't ait nothin'," murmured Amos.. "Acap of tayi 1 ' replied the sergeant.^ " I can give tin that and -welcome, besides a snack ov bread and butter." " Give it to him," said: Andrew; " and you, Amos, you must have it." Ho looked beseechingly into Andrews, eyes, but took it like a child, and after a i few seconds drank with evident relish., ] By this time it was nearly -five o'clock; j and in a little while morning would dawn. Andrew watched Amos, and noted, with, satisfaction, that his head.began to droop and.his eyes to close. Afew. seconds later he was sleeping soundly. " It will do - Jum good;" said Andrew to! the sergeant. ." I will let hun sleep till seven o'clock ; by that tunehe will be more ready for his journey." Before, seven o'clock, however, Amos awoke, and almost angrily asked Andrew why he had let him sleep,-when his poor maid might be perishing; but Andrew re-, ceived the poor man s rebuke quietly, and soon after the two went out of the little town together. • " We m gom'- to find her to-day," the . old matt said. .: " Why do you think zo f" " I doan't know; 'cipt.that somethin' tells me so. I feel it. Either livm' or dead, we. shall find her." " God grant that she may be alive." • " Amen," said-Amos, the tears trickling down his cheek They found veryshttle-encouragement on their way, however. No one that they met had ; seen her, and Andrew began to fear Policeman Blewitt'fl atory. was false, 5 when they entered the 3ittle village of St. ,L>nkin. At house after -house they inquired whether, ayoung-girl.had- been seen there aboufc midnight, but no one answered in the affirmative. - They^ were all in bed at that time; they said: "Does any one in tlJffvillage sit up late ?" • -asked: 'Andrew: •. . Any : one • who might have alight m the window ?' "Nobody but Betsy Flew" - J---. " Who is she ?" ''Well," said the woman-g£ whom.tl^e question was: asked; ?f-she's inazed;:some do zay, and some do zay that she's a witchi But she's a splendid dcclor, she JB. Why, ther's Tom.Crawl a cheeld.: Doctor Lowrie from.Sti Lernck, did.give .'«r.up; but th' oull Betsy cured 'er; ;People do zay that the cheeld wur; ill-washed,-and that she charmed it away. . "Is shean evil woman-then? , "No, she's quiet enough, ounly she've got funny, sways. .'Sometimes^ she do stay up oalnight, Bhe.do... Th'oull peopledo zay 'fee,; to make hell broth, and work charms,,but the young people do. laugh at it. Seem to me the Board -School be maken 'em, give up -oal- they -things. But th'oull Betsey.es a cure; she'd knaw everything, andnobody do come threw €n>£iinkin without she seein'-'em Some do zayjhat she caan t never slaip ' _ Amos groaned. Theold man was amon g those ?who, had? not- shaken himself ^frew from superstition. " Th' oull Bill Liddicoat do zay Bhe ve sould herself to ith'oull Scratch,-and es tryin' to bait nn whan he do come for her." This she said in a whisper. Andrew dragged Amos on. He easily tound old Betsy's cottage—S low mudwalledjthatcJied.tenement-Theyfoimd: the old woman crooning over a peat fire. St. Linkin was near a piece of common land, where peat could be had in abundance, .hence they were' better, off, than the lniiabltantB of St Jfeot. ' ; . Andrew asked athe old dame if-she-had' •seen a young -girl resembling Kitty, and soon saw t>at ,he had no> asked :in vain. " Iss," the 'old woman said. " I.wnr. lookm' ontiaast mght, when I heerd sun- I laived 'er, Poor cheeld! I've got .grandcheeld'.bout her age., -Shewentaway, •* "^Did she saywhere^she was.going?" "I could'n-git ndthin' out ov her. ' But she do,want;friends,.;and.rthat?right,iad.-'' J ihe go On towards Sn "Whiffle. Praps she toward, " Ujuon there. Poor maid!" p ^ J ^ ^ ^ Evidently the., old '-cronyjhadn't a :.bad heart, and both Andrew-and: Amosfwere relieved -to know-that^ the poor girj-had not been out in the cold:-all-the night. Andrew gave the old'woman a couple; of. shillings, and the two trudged on again.] For a time the. young -man "was m hopes' thattbey would soon overtake her,.but to-, wards noon-old'Amos'strength began to; give; way. , The abnormal .energy which: for a time had made him ...overcome ,1ns natural weakness had spent itself, and now he was . fast becoming incapable;,-of. walking. But he would not.yield^ and although he clang - eagerly, and leaned heavily on his companion's arm, he struggled on by his side. Houses were; scarce.here, and there was no place of re-: freshment for milesj aud Andrew despaired; of getting Amos on, when they saw.aiarm-i howsenot fer- from; the -road; 3 Here -they got some dinner, and again- the old man became eager.for his journey. , " '• i , " Let me try and.hire a.horBorari'd trap," said Andrew.'but to this Amos" would not' agree. " It would only hinder the search,'' lie said, and so the young man had still to support-the old one. I. ; Jiiat affcemoon/snowbegati to fall; An-: (^ew. feared greatly its conse4uSncefe at first, but it proved to be only a shower, ahd did hot in uch hinder tHeffi jilrqgresB.' They'fbfihd orit little to help' them-about Bitty, however, /Ohe-manhad Beenayoung •woman' answering to her dcBbriptiOni and very sure. Andrew had grave doubts abpiit^findingiiier.vpHae lipa often ,beoame;;trsmiiloiis,,andnhis^ej'ea; hiSt^^pa^ingloakPP theli^ht; begdn to wane. They had walked the last three miles without seeing a single .person 1 df whom an inquiry could be made. They wer6 five milea from St. Whiiliu, there was chance of getting" a conveyance, while was quite exhausted. :• r - ,!. " We'll have to giveit up for to-hight, Amos," said Andrew, but the old man said nothing, he was looking steadily on the ground. " I think we must try and get a; bed'at a farmliouse some where," but Amos didinot speajc- . , . -" What do you ,; see ?" isked'Andrew. •For reply ;Amps jpointed: to the:ground, while tears of joy trickled down his face. CHAPTEK XXIir. WHERE THEY I'OUND' HEB. ' Together they .knelt.- . s . And soblied;, on^ the' prayer JirHch the' Diyine. tenderness uttered. for us, and -which has been echoed for twenty ages since by iniilions Of sinful and humbled men. And as heT spoke, the Jast words- of the "si^plicar; tioii, the mother's ihead fell Sown on her boy'si Snd lier arms closed "round him, and together, they repeated -the words, '.For ever, and ever,' and * Amen.' " —'TsiCKBHiY. At first Andrew could not understand what the old inan meant, but-presently he, saw a footprint in the snow. It's her's!" cried Amos; "she had they shoes metided jist afiire Chiistmas, 1 knaw the cloufrat the toe." "Let us follow quickly then, for light will soon be gone." They crept slowly on, carefully keeping by the foot-marks, bjit presently had ito stop, they had become so indistinct. For a few seconds Andrew left Amos aloiie', and walked on by himself, watching carefully ali-the way. When he came back he said: . • • .••"•• •'" Something ias happened;- Amos;- She* has -not gone towards St. Whiffle any further. j:at anysrate, there are Ho: maris;'' But Amos did not answer. His head was bent close to .the ground, &H; -ithe still saw something. "She's gone up this lane, Maaster An-: drew,,' he -said 6lowly. " My eyes be sharper'nyonrs. Comeon." •Andrew looked and found that the old man was correct. The -footsteps bore to-, -wards a lane which evldently.-led-to-some farm or mill.. -He opened the gate' and the two passed ;in' together. - The snow was : deeper here, being undisturbed by the wind, .thus the tracks were far more "clear. It was well it was so, too, for the light was.-failmg faBt, and -before them was a wood through which the road led. . .. • " What induced her.to-come; in here, ! wonderV" thought Andrew aloud. "She knawd she cudden git-to Sn Whiffle to-night," said Amos, and she seed a house, I 'pect. Poor deear maid. I hope we'm in time, Maabter Andrew." The wood- proved-itos De one of -Btubbly-j undergrowth, with here and .there s tall, tree,'but the®oad was good,- and the foot-- marks tolerably plam The wood was perhaps a quarter of a mile long at this' point, and before they came to the end daylight had gone. StiU they did not fear. There was.no reason wliv she should turn aside from the road, and although they could not trace hgr, they had no doubt that she had gone to some house to which the road led. When they got to tlie end of the wood Andrew struck a match and searched for footprints; but could see none; They Walked on a* few yards and looked again, but in vain. Andrew, Maaster Ahdrew/'^said,Ames tremulously, " surely nothin'- didn' ,'appen to 'er in the 'ood? ' Andrew was Bilent. " Tedn' no use gom'-on -cf we, caan't zee the dear maid's tracks," continued the oldman. • • • ... " Listen." ,, They could rhear,nothing, "I thought I .heard a-.TOoan,'-' said.An-j drew, " hark—there it is again !" ; " Bs et the pore maid dyin, I wonder said.Amos.-with qi^avering,voice. 'f it comes from thp valley,'! ^said Andrew," perhaps it!s not .shp. May be lt's -onlyBome cattle in a shed " " i.ev us go and; see," said-Amos eagerly; " Yes, there it is again,' said Andrew, come on." He jumped-over -the fence as he spoke; and found his way across.a meadow, when he stopped:and looked around him. v - 1 ' Yes, close byihim was a shed,: evidently used as a sort, of cattle house; It was in a : sheltered ; place, too/and evidently intended for a kind of refuge in hard weather. He made his way towards it, hearing aiiother moan as he did so. He was not long -la reaching the house, and on entering spoke m a whisper, J " Is any one here ?" he asked There was no answer, but he thought he heard a movement among the straw. " Kitty, is that you 1" -The -only, reply, was a smothered sob.. "'loll me, Kifcty, is that y o u r e . peated - " I am Andrew Fairfax Ton know me." Still no reply, save a trembling noise amidst the straw. Andrew struck another match" and in its light saw the prostrate form of a woman He held it close Yes, it was Kitty's face She had dragged herself here—perhaps to die " Kitty, my girl,"said Andrew, "Kitty '^Graafer doan't knaw, do' . Doan't tell granfer." "Why?" "I've disgracedun. He'll never houli; up hes 'ead again. I dedn' want—I cuddeti ban to B e the look of pain on hes face, so ;—I—I come away. He.woan't mind now I'm. gone.' ' '"Your grandfather is longing to Bee you home. His heart is breaking to Bee you." "* The light went out. " Doan't light no more matches JPeople might find out- There's a null jist a little: way up. You bean t tellin' me the truth; He must Tiate me, I'm sure. 1 "He loves you more than ever. He wants you to come Tiome. Your .grandmother, top, is breaking herjieari because you've gone away. Comenome. All will " I darn't. You doiA know. I—I- "Come home, Kitty.' - - " ".No, no. I—' • " 'Tec yer lovra' oulS granfer, my deer, ,Doan!t-mind nothing my Iittle.maid. Lev everybody and everythingtWr -worst, I-doan't mmd now- IVe"found J ee.-'', - "But, granfer, I'.ve .disgraced 'ee, l'vs —that is, I: left iome. granfer^" .. . . Never mind, my .little .'maid,- come: 'ome; Thy ould granny hev got the little: ..room you've allays'slaipedsm oal tidy and: spruce." ! • I mained to make et oal right, I tnotthat he—he wud—take me to churcli-he said he wud, but—',' .-•. • " Never.mind, my bootiful little maid," murmured, the old man come.,'ome to •thy ould granny." : • The girl rose: from the*3iay; and laid her face: on his withered-cheek. - • " I come away to- diei- she vsaidi "fii thought; I hOped- I shud;, 'Twas terrible: wisht lyln'. oal 'lone, but .I dedn' want for anybody—to—" , . "Never miud, my darlui',;.^ume'ome w^. ine. Here's Maaster Andrew,-^-" he looked ai'Ound^hesliedj'aa'if'ejecting the youig man." 'But'he waB gone.'"With rapid steps, he had fountt his way towards "T^adu' 'fraid ;toldie;'' siie went on— " at least not after a bit—I thought at first that-jeyerything. wiia *bIack, arL' .it seemed as'-ef'there wiis some ev^ thmge "roiind'me, but it : oal went after a bit, and I wadu'^fraid.- But, granfer,~I seem so far; fr6mh."bme.' ,J ' „'._". ... ... ;, ,. ; ".ean 'ee.walk,: my bop®ul ? old;man,tenderly._^Aidre.WaJli^^I^ We cud nearly car 'ee " • "" Not far, grenfer. T cudden w^lk far." \- "What shall us do?" moaned the old man. " Where's Maaster Andrew, I wonder ? Purely,'oc edn' gone fur!"' " I'm cold, granfer, very eoid. -,, Do 'ee think I'shall die, granfer ? i dqan't inind. He doan't iove me.no longerjan'r^-,". -iThe girl - hid' her"face ,in, .her grandfather's shoulder again. , • . " Hark J" cried Amos, 1 " there's some-, body a-comin'." ' - "This way, here," he heard sbin^ one. say. ' " '" ' ' '. j']- " That's Maaster Andrew's voice," cried the old man. "I wonder now—I wondei nowr-ef—" ' Andrew came up panting. " The mill is close by," he said. " They are kind-people, there; Kitty" can stay ^oiiereicL.-Sprin^ cariS"''ft. L a 5 -. .i- "Thank the Loard," said Amos, fervently. ' " What will 'ee do, my darlin' ?" " Granfer, do 'ee forgive me ?" criedthe girlj tremulously.-' f '. "". -. - '-.Forgive ^ea, my boojiful maid !" aw^ mured the* old man. ""^Bless the Loard, He've -took away Jevery. bit of' 'ar&ness;: out ov my heart." : '"YoU'doan't mind ?" " I doan't mind nothin,' ef I can 'ave 'ee saafe, my darlin'. We'll manage, never fear."'.; "Then, granfer, I'd rather;go 'ome— and—die there," said the poor giri. " Bles3. the Loard," cried the old inan, almost joyfully ;,.:"-but;-c-in. 'ee. bear the journey, my little, maid,?'.'. - "lean bearah^hingnow, granfer." Andrew rushed away -again, and a few minutes later they heard . |the sound of horses' hoofs and of wheels. They nude the' miller's covered cart comfortable #ndwaria. Andrew borrowed bed-clotbes and pillowsi'^and in a few minutes +.HP. poor' girl was seated therein. 1 -with her-head -leaning against'her grandfather's shoulder. " Irknawed Ishuld find'er," exclaimed the .old man. .jojfuUy; " I tould -'ee so, Maaster Andrew. :Youwudden'ave found her hut for me. Bless ihes Loard for HIB goodness, I've got 'er safe.' An' you, MaastLr Andrew, aye, my deear iiooy, the Loard II reward 'ee." s, - .-.; ; ; They started-.the iourney home. Andrew? seated on the seat outside with the miller, while Amos. aud.Kitty. :were within^ away. from, the wind and cold; For a time they rode on m silence; the miller evidently desiring, to say something, He hitched and twisted about a good deal, as if in pam to bring forth the thoughts m his mind. " -Lations of -yours ? ' he «aid at length: jerking his head towards Amos and Kitty. " No " replied Andrew. -" The maid yer sweetheart. I spoase i" "No." " Ah—but—but you be a town's chip, bcan't 'ee ?' "Yes." " Ah,;! and he looked, at. -Andrew .suspiciouslyi andiwas silent for (five minutes;- Then he said— I had a token. A token-K':'i -: .-, „' . !ss. a token. I wadn' for tatm no noatice. but Jmnifer would. She wud 'ave it that somebody was a-gom to die. 'l'es explainednow." , ... . "How?" •' Tokens allays come when sntnmin es going to appen. A bird finttered tbree times,'gainst our winder laast ; night; so I knaw'd suramin was eomm'. 'Tea this maid. She II die." "Hushi.they'llhear you." ; " All right, but perhaps she waan't. It. may not be a grey dove that "fluttered; ginst the winder." " What do yon mean ? " Well, whena grey dove .do come, and flutter, it do mam a token of deatb, while lf 'tes a sp cketty (spotted) dove it may mam other things, sich as a- fortin', or a cow or—well, lots o' things. A spicketty. dove corned to my winder the; night afore' I wur married, and again afore our Hosea wnr b rn, he did, as sure as I'm called ZackyOowlin'." It was a weary, journey to St. Neot, to Andrew a pamtul one, for often he heard Kitty sobbing and Amos trying to comfort her. but the-, miller kept on talking through it. all, v evidently desirous, to im-." prove Andrew a education. At St. Lerrick Andrew left the cart, and; called-at the doctor's house, after which he walked beside the cart, for hewas,cramped and cold. He would have gone oa ahead for he could go,..faster tnan the -ambling horse, but he wanted to be near lest ?Kitty should • need help that Amos , could not give her. -When they arrived at.St.- Neot village, however, and seeing that .-Kittyseemed all 1 right, he* ran towards old Amos' ottage, in order to prepare for their coming By this time it was broad daylight, in deedyfarinto the;forenoon, :but they, were' not noticed,ior which the.youiig.man.;w:as; glad He found poor old Sally sitting be' fore the fire, rocking to and fro Two nights had her husband been an ay from her, and she knew not where he was and: this, added ±o her anxiety about Kitty, had completely crushed her. She looked up at Andrew's entrance, with a look of beseeching in her ejes. "Maaster Andrew ?" she said. "It's all "well" "Kitty?" " Both Amos and Kitty will soon be here" "Praise the Loard for oal HIB marcies,"; she cried, the tears trickling down her. A fewmmv-fcos lateft-thecartdiewup m front of the cottage. s _ CHAPTEB XXIV. MiM A.ND WITH. ' So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still ' Will load me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone, Then with the morn those angel voices Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile. —NEWMAH. v Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken Woors, but instead hurried fcack to St Neot He found that Miss Jjezant had been rthe niost necessitous until they-could ,return to their ordinary avocations. He was greatly rejoiced that this was; the case, jtor,-ke felt himself unable to do any more. • It iW^s,. now three days since liehad had any .proper, rest; so finding his wayto his lodgihgs, he threw lumBelf on his led . m order;to get some sorely-needed rest. When -he awoke he -heard some one knocking at his bedroom.door. -He.found that;it»was broad daylight too, and for a •time .ihe could hardly realise his whereabouts. \- „ ^Fairfax, Mr»Fairfax,", said his landlady. " Yes.iallH-right. Have I slept' long ?" since yesterday noon." ' " Anything the matter ?" - : "Amos Crews wants.you." . " Amos; oh, all right. I ll bo down eoon.'/„ , He. Hurried downstairs, and found , the old maij-: waitinganxiously, .: our, 'ouse, Maaster Andr^y ?" he said, tremulously. .. " Anything the matter ?" .. "The.deear maid -do. want to see .'ee,; '.surr^ii^ ". .. ...V ".,' .. •Andrew quickly ate the breakfast that was prepared for him, and Vent, on bytAmSsfside. : The Old man did hot speak,, but ife apoked in the direction of his cot- .tage, »nd- there was a dreamy, far-away; e^r^sipn jnhisjeyes.. , , V .-'gts^fcitgp- wellenojigh to see me ?" asked ••^foefcas tjiey sc^ Bilently And'rew followed him into the room, where the young girlv lay. She Idoked very pale, very fragile. - ; wanted to-see mte, Kitty/' he said, gently. . ' . ;; -''£m goin' to die; Maaster-Fairfax; I'm goin' to die." I, . : , . , " Dpn't say that," , replied the young man. -j.;.-. '.-/--.,; ., . . . ,.-,-- She: shook:; her head. " I know," she said, " 1 know. "Do you thinkil would have asked you here else ?" and a flush cams on hqr pale cheek. « But Pm not afraid to die, no, not a: bit;" " Bless the Loard," said Amos, fervently, she's one of the: Loard'E dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell 'ee the golden gales of 'eaven will be opened ;wide for. she.',' "I.believe they will," replied Andrew. I " I've no fear," said the girl, "no fear. At first I thought there eonld be no hope for such as'me, and then I seemed-to see Jekus sp'eakinHo Mary. And i seemed to hear Him 1 say; * Yer'granfer have forgiven you,.and I love yoii a thousand times more than be. I came to die for you.' I've had ho fear since, for I seem as' though i've : been'restin' with Him." For a minute there was a silence, then she went on : ' " '"" - \- " But—but--I want-toJ>e his—his wife afjre I go. I've no 'name, you"know, and I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go," and she looked up into his eyes with a beseeching Ibok. • .. Andrew saw what she meant. " If it can be, it shall be," he said. He went away without a word more, and .hurried across_ihejfieId towards Trevadlock. He was not long in finding the young .farmer, and without hesitation he told'.hisstory. * I.. "You Emain,that I must marry her?" said.young Sim. .:• 1 ."just that." ;,.' ' " But what will'Miss Martin say ?" . '/.Cundy,!' said Andrew, " you must do this. You've kdled her, killed her as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with- a. knife, .and -now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl is your wife in reality, you must make her so in the eyes of the law." For the first time he seemed to realise what he had doEe. Hitherto, he had seemed only, afraid of consequences, caring nothing for the sin itself; now. for a ;minute,iliei£eemed,^to-Bee''.liimBelf as-he- She loves you," went on Andrew, " she was ready to sacrifice everything for you- Be a man; Gundy; . do what you can now.'- : "Is i it- .possible ?'' lie said at length. ;" Can we be married out ov church ?" ! " I will arrange everything," said An-, drew, " if you will be a man." : ForaminutetheyoungfarmerstoodaB if fighting with a great.temptation, then he burst out passionately: "No, by heavens; you shall not do it. I'll. doit.; 1 only love she—my Kitty. I'll go and iSpaik.to ,the passen, and. everything-• Come weth me—come!' : .There was a new light in the young farmer's eycB, as he took hold of Andrew's •m,,.. ..'".•-•-:•'....-..'.•. " Where are you going ?" asked Andrew. , ; ..'•'. Goin' to Kitty;" - He. spoke no other word till they reached; the cottage, where they met Amos. The old-mans,eyes-flashed dangerously as he sawhisigrandchild'e .destroyer;- " ' What do 'ee want here ?" he .asked; " I- want Kitty,: I want toeee my wife." for a minute the old man seemed "stunned, then he Jed the way to .Kittys room. The "two entered together, and Kitty looked up with joy m her eyes. . « " Leave us alone.'' he said to Amos. "I want ,to be with my wife." There was new strength, new power in his voice, and wonderingly Amos obeyed. " Have you left them alone together ?" asked Andrew. - ' " Yes, and 'ere's .mother, she's come away too," and Amos turned towards hiB wifg; .In about a quarter of an hour young Sim came back. "Come with me,"- he ;sa{d to Andrew, and see that I do the right thing; Ihate you, you've made me seem like a devil. iBut never mind, I can-be a man as well as; you;. ;Kitty-s my wife, do you hear ? Tell everybody that Iisaid so;- 'My wifel I'm goin' to the passen now; I want to arrange everything so-that he can come and marry us. Do you see i 1 want to make haste ! Kitty may—may — come on; quick!' -r-- .-; . \- The two hurried . to the rectory; and were , soon closcted with the clergyman. .Young Sim toldhiB story, told it as though he were -anxious that all evil should be laid en him. " 1 want'ee to marry us;Passen Childs,' he said 5 she es my wife, but I want oal. the world to knaw it." ! .The clergyman spoke of the irregularity: of the proceeding *' Thats nothing to me; This Fairfax says it can be done. You must come and do it.. - Do you -iiear;? -. I'm going to make every arrangement, and as soon as possible I'll let 'ee knaw"" Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed and her eyes flashed strangely. Parson Childs Avas there too, and Andrew, and young Sim. and the doctor. — , "Is all ready and right j"' said the young farmertoitheclergyman. s" Tee, yeB, I believe that—" ."That'll do Now, Fairfax, you-Bhall see that I'm a man as good as you. I love Kitty; she's my wife. .1 'm going ±0 make her so by law. Passen, are you ready ?" They entered the bedroom. Kitty lay panting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in her eyes. She watched Sim's face with an anxious ex. pression, and then, when he came to her; side, she took, his hand and caressed it fondly. )t Tbey arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergyman opened his book. "Granfer, granny," said Kitty, "I .should like to haye the—the sacrament before I—" Have-you bread and wine ?' ^said the clergyman; gypian-:;r''aij.Bo;afe -can be administered at once. ince. Maaster Andrew b t Rome wine lanst night,' said tie 0; quivering^ jvybice,. oked angrily loathed brought into the room; and-poured into a cup: • " If .there were time, we might have bad the sacrament cup from the church;"- said' the clergyman, ' as he prepared to ad-' minister the sacred rite. i "Let granfer give it me," said.Kitty/ tremulously. " It would seem better from; him." The clergyman looked indignant, and; seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos' face checked him. There was the look.of an inspired prophet m his eyes, and' heeJless of the rector's presence, he fell, on his knees.- " Let us pray," he said. .There was,a wondrous power in his. voice,.as though One- mightier than- he 1 spoke through him, and m spite of .everything the old priest knelt with the rest. • "Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering; accents, " Thou knoweBt that one of Thy! little children hev come back to Thy great! heart. The doctor do say .that we caan't keep her here, lioard, an'd.so we come' to; ;Thee in this : way. Thou,didst come among' us to tell us of Thy lov.e, and .to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate Thy; dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and so we know that this, sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us all from sin—help as to forgive—even bur Enemies. Ay, they •who've wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to Say, Thy will be done." _, . -1;.... and r then' Amos, with trembling limbs, but reverently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. "I know the dear Loard do forgive me," she said, "for I love Him BO, and I have such peace at my heart." Several times the rector seemed about to protest, but was unable. A hallowed presence pervaded the room. A Power J&s; there,-rhich forbade priestly assumption and bigotry. They seemed to be all ligion was of the Spirit and not of form. " And now," said Amos, " will you do your work, Maaster Childs ?" The rector opened his book again while young Sim took,hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly the old clergyman read the service, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law. " Simeon Cundy, wilt thsu have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife ?" Iwill." Kitty Crews, wilt thou have this man to be thy lawful wedded husband ? . ." " I will." Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, while a wan smile crept over her . .. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I pronounce you man and wife; whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." Parson, are we married now, are we P" In the eyes of God, yes; but you must sign the—" " Bring them here, quick." The books were brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. Are we marriednow ?" asked the young farmer again. " Yes." " In the eyes of the law ?" " In the eyes of the law." " Do you hear that, Kitty ? You are mine in the eyes of the law." She looked np at him with a glad smile. My husband,' she said, softly. She lay back on the pillows, while a great change came over her, A film crept over her eyes. " Help," cried Sim, " her hands be gittm' cold." The doctor came near, and shook his head. She is going fast,' he said; " the unnatural strength which she possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a lark." " She mustn't," cried the young farmer. She's my wife, do you hear, my wife! Look up. Kitty, my darlm'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Cundy." But Kitty spoke not. while her eyes closed. All stood silently around by the bedside and watched the dying girl. Presently she looked np again, while her hands pressed those of her husband. " Willyou kneel and say 'Our Father' withme ?" she said to Sim. The young farmer knelt down. Bobbing like a child. [ always loved you, Kitty," he murmured, " only you." She did not reply save by a wan smile, and then began the Lord s Prayer Word by word they repeated it together until they came to the words, "As we forgive them that trespass against us," then she stopped. " Whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder," she murmured. " And we are—? ' " Man and wife," said Sim, huskily. " For evei and ever ?" she murmured. " For ever and ever, so help me, God." Her mouth moved as if she said Amen, but they heard no words. •For a minute they thought she had jone but the life was not yet extinct. The 'ips still quivered, the breath still came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look m her eyes. f " Tau are not disgraced," she said, looking towards her grandparents, " I am his' s wife." Tears trickled down their wrinkled faceB while Sim Baid, huskily— " Yes, my God, my wife." ' " For ever and ever." she murmured, as if in a dream; tbena shiver passed thiough her frame—and they knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at the sweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward. "Lord, now lettestthou Thy servant depart in peace,, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvationj" he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and wife together (To be cordvnuei.) - First Dramatic Reporter—"Say, did you iear . thats-sensation about JIme. -Primadonna's diamondB ?".. Second Reporter— What I Are tbey stolen again V First Reporter—"No,-they're real." . She—" There is a wonderful fascination about ibe start ; , don't you think so ?" He- "Indeed there is.". - She—" I ve forgotten most of my astronomy, though. That, 1 believe, is Venus ; - bnt which is Adonis ?" Whenever the piano ceased There waB-a great furore, And those who.underetand it-least Were loudest to encore, Mr Wickwire—''What is that woman across the way trying to Brag ?" Mrs Wickwirc—"«Ny Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon'" Mr Wickwire—" Well, if he don't hear her, it isn't her fault." Mis Fudge—"Oh, yes, you laugh-at women as shoppers; but I'll bet, if I bought your- Wgara, your , smoking .bill would .be a good deal smaller than it isnow." Mr Fudge, —" I haven't the leaBt doubt of it." Dora—" Is that new waist you are having made a^reationof yonr owni' Cora—" Fesr I am going to call it- the new navy dcngn.' Dora—"What for!" Cora—"Because expect it to be so well armed." " So you say Professor Guffias expressed great deal of interest m me," said Miss, PaEseigh, with a little flutter, " He seems like a very distinguished man," " Yes," re plied Miss Cuttings, "he is a celebrated "it,-f had an "ad-" at the top of jthat column," murmured Ibe advertising agent to himself as'he gBzei admiringly at the Monument, 11 1 wouldn't care whether it was next to pure reading matter or not." Lady (examining written character ; applifiaiit?ioi situation »= cook)—' Bnfcthw; is jiot at -alls atiBfacfcoryjM ^ tp ^wuvcookHjg paper dfin}t-fiatie£y-you don t.i on at}aVkmy ny fohceman, 1 