EXOOMMUNIGATION OP AN oi,D ' OATHQLIO AROHBlSHOF. The Botterdam : Oiui-A:a(A0M« prints the notification of the excommunication of the Old Oatholio Arohbishop of Utrecht addressed by the Pope to the Soman Archbishop, Peter Matthia, " and his Suffragan Bishops, and to his beloved sons, all the Oatholica of the Netherlands" :t- : Venerable brethren and beloved sons, health and Apostolio benediction. Constrained by our apostolic office, we must address you on a subject of oommon sorrow to yon. and our selves. Ye are aware that our city of Utrecht last year, in place of the Jansenist eoroalled Arohbishop., John Heykamp, who unhappily had died in his schism, the schismatic Chapter on February 23 rd, elected one ef their number GerardG.ul, to whom on May 11th tbe so-called Bishop Casper Binkel affected to give Episco pal consecration. Hereof that Chapter and aforesaid person thus elected and consecrated informed us in letters wherein disdain strove for mastery with feigned submissiyeness. With such a matter we must deal after the example of our predecessors, though we have delayed to takebbtion for a time, meanwhile imploring the goodness of God to lead the misguided to repentance and to the fold they have forsaken. This was the first wish of us who hold the place of Christ the Good Shep herd, and would have fulfilled our joy; when about to celebrate the jubilee of our episco pate ; audiwith this hope we thought good to employ endeavours of personal intervention. Now, however, that they have shown them selves. to be incurable, having obstinately, refused to hearken to our voice and to God's, unthanktully resisting the Holy Ghost and persisting in open opposition, we can delay no longer to do that which is prescribed and commanded in such cases by the sacred canons, and after the example of par predeoesoars to exercise the power given us of God by pass ing sentence. Wherefore we declare with Apostolioanthority that this election of Gerard Gul to he Archbishop of Utrecht,' made by the so-called Chapter of Utrecht, is unlawfm and void, and we utterly quash and annul it. In like manner we declare that the Episcopal conseraction of the aforesaid Gerard Gul is saorilegous and uncanonioal, and we hereby condemn, and reject, and utterly repudiate it. Further, we pronounce the aforesaid Gerard Gul, his electors, as also Casper Binkel bis consecrator, and all who by help or counsel, have partaken in this detestable transaction, each and singular, we pronounce excommuni cate, separated from the membership of tbe Church, and to be avoided of the faithful as manifest schismatics. And let Gerard Gul know,, and take it earnestly to heart, that unless he would incur further punishment he is prohibited from exercise of all that pertain- etb to the power of Older ; wherefore he excluded from cure of souls, and forbidden the ministering of sacraments, even in what ever case of necessity ; and he shall not hallow the chrism, nor confirm nor ordain, nor do aught that pertaineth to the Episcopal office. Venerable brethren and beloved sons,- receive all this in the same spirit wherein we indite it— with utter abhorrence of such gross ; scandals and with profound reverence for the Church's canons ; and while ye grieve over the blindness of the offenders, join with us in prayere to the Divine mercy thai they may yet accept grace to repent while their is time. ; Ye, meanwhile, who steadfastly abide in the bosom of the Catholio Oouroh, and have given conspicuous proofs of your, devoted loyalty to this Apostolic see, still grow in your holy zeal, bringing forth fruita of faith and righ teousness, and assuaging the aorrows of your spiritual mother, in token of our especial good will towards. you, we impart to you our Apostolio benediction in the name of the Lord. Given at Si. Peter's in Borne, on tbe 28ih February of the year of cur Lord 1893, and of our Pontificate tbe 16th. LBO XUI., POFK. With regard to attempt at reconciliation alluded to in the above missive,: the Oud- KaiholieTt is authorised to explain that it was iiotuiug more aarious than an interview re quested of Arohbishop Gul by tbe Boman Oatholio Paetor of Uti Catharine's at Utrecht, in which the latter said that the Pope had E' ommissioned him to invite return to " Oatho- , 0" unity, but that he was precluded from ratering into discusaion I Toe Arohbishop replied that the breach was the fault of Bome, and that he durst not sacrifice iruih to peace, and thus the intetview immediately ended. Ia CONFBSSlbN of, FaiTH and - a manifest, i A Qtutrdian correspondent sends a transla tion of the letters sent to Bome by Arohbishop Gul and the Utrecht Chapter alter tbe former's coneeoration. Bishop Beinkens and the Old Oatholica outside of Holland were in favour of abrogating the custom of sending such lietters, and, though the contrary opinion prevailed, it was sgtaed that the documents should be worded in a mora outspoken strain. The new Archbishop wrote on July 18th last year : — To his holiness the Boman Pontiff, Pope Leo XIIL, health in the Lord.— Following the footsteps of our fathers, I transmit to you the instruments of my election and consecra tion to the Archbishoprio of Utrecht, and take tbe opportunity of testitying my sincerest reverence tor your Holiness, and respectfully ; request the tokens of Church Communion. Notwithstanding the calumnies wherewith e'nemies have long aspersed the Obnroh of Holland, 1 proteat that we believe notbing bnt 'lybat the Oatholio Ohnroh has always believed and I shall believe to the end of thewqrld. Her doctrines and discipline I receive, and will, with Cod's help, maintain to my latest breath.., Doctrines, however, of the Catholic Chnrch I csnnot deem those which have not been handed down but have been lately in vented to wit, the ImmacnlatB' Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Papal Supremacy and infallibility, those tenento I fear not openly to tarn fictions land profane novelties snob as the Apostle bids as shnn— as boto formerly and in these times famons and learned divines have irrefragably shown before all. In their and in my predeoessora' protests and appeal I confidently join, believ ing that thereby I do bat keep and defend the deposit of the Apostolio faith. I have vowed to maintain and defend to my utmost the rights of the Chnrch of Utrecht. Where fore, 1 abide by the appeals made by this Chnrch. and my predecsisors against the violations of her rights and piivilegin ; and in partionlar 1 renew appeal agoinst-tbe hor rible, and in primitive ages, nnhpaTd-of, yiola- tion of the oanons perpetrated by the Constlt- tion ex qua die pot forth in the name of Tine IX. In thns writing to. your Holiness my < only purpose is to set before your eyes "what : evil the enemy hath done in the sanotnry." Yon are appointed to lift year hand against their pride, to heal the Chnroh's wounda by ' extirpating abases and destroying lies, and to j edify the hbUse of God by restoring to; it i pesos based on -truth and jnstioe..; Far be it i from me to wish to offend you by this letter. God is my witness that. I desire only the Church's good and peaoe. Nothing, God helping me shall ever prevail to part me from ' Catholio nnity and truth., I assail' no. privil ege conferred by Christ upon Peter, no oanon- ioal rights of the Apostolio Bee, in viodioating the rights of the Charon of Utreoht. Alii ask of yonr Holiness is to judge the otuse of my Church with justice and equity. I doubt not that if yon make canonical examination yon wUl reopgnise in me trnly Catholio faith and oanonioar obedience. With St. Jerome "Btali Petri oathedisB commnnione oonsocior." May it please the meroy of God to hasten for car Chnroh the time when peaoe and trnth Bhall kiss eaoh other. With the: deepest veneration. Year Holiness's most, devoted end obedient son and fellow-servant. f Gbbabddb, Arohbishop of Utreoht. The following is the letter of the Chapter : — The Dean knd Chapter of the Metropoliticsl Church of Utreoht to his Holiness tbe Pontiff : of Bome, Pope Leo XIII. ; health in the Lord. — We beg to inform year Holiness that on Jannery 8th of the present year the Most Beverend John Heykam, Lord Arohbishop of the Obnroh of Utrecht, departed in the peace of the Lord, as we trust, into the heavenly rest. Being desirona. In obedience to the sacred canon and constUntions ecolesiestical to provide the widowed Church with a new pastor withont delay, we duly met in Chapter on Febuiy 23rd, and after invoking the light of the Holy Spirit we electad to be Arohbishop the Bev. Gerard Gnl, a Canon of our Chapter, and rector of the parish of St Vitne, at Hilversnm. And on May llth.the said elect was ordained and oonssorated at Hilversnm in the Church to the said parish to be Arohbishop 'and Pastor Odinary of the Metropolitioal lOhnrob of Utrecht, by the Bight Bev. Ooeper jBinkel, Lord bishop of Haarlem, as the ineirn- ment of consecration herennto annexed show- ieth : That we have not abked your Holiness to confirm this election is because we. have waited in vain, day after day, tor a graciona risuriptfrom Bome signifying to us desire for unity and peaoe ; for un oar part there shali ever oontinne, God helping us, obedience and oanonioal reverence to the holy apostolic see. As soon as it shall appear that a kinder feel, ing towards as . has prevailed at Bome, we shall be fonnd again prepared to seek confirm- ' ation of elections to be bereatter made by us. With the deepest reverence we are yoor Holi- ness'e most obedient eone, the Dean and . Chapter of the Metropolitioal Obnroh of Utreoht. C. DibpbnDaAi,, Dean. 