The Serio Comic. (Bs Couonei, J. F. MxixneBN.'} « Hully Gee, but it is hot I' A khamseen wind blowing off the Egyp tian desert for three days with a steadiness and persistency that revived the memory of our old scriptural friends, Shadrack, Meihack, and Abednego. The hot blast of a furnace is the only thing to compare with it, and that doesn't cover so much ground. The air is filled with sand so fine that it is almost impalpable, but still it is heated zed hot, and gets there in a manner that is irresistible. There is no escape from it, and a general air of don'tcareadashative nesB pervades everybody and everything. But, as I lie under my shelter tent, close to headquarters, I cannot avoid thinking ? it is all one can do. Again I eee those long lines of intrench — snenta, simmering in ike white '?'Jieat, linea with exhausted men lying down to Bleep and to die ; hear the long roll of the drum, the spirit-stirring blast of the bugle, the zip of the Martini -Henry ball, the continued zur-r-r of the Gatling, the shrill' scream of the Shrapnell, the who-o-o of the solid shot, the cry of the wounded, the moan of the dying ; see the mangled and distorted corpses, friend and foe piled in heaps — killed in every possible position ?—and the awful reality of battle comes back to me, It had not far to come. It was the day after the battle of Tel el Kebir. ' The story of the fight, in detail, would fill a volume, but, in brief, 11,000 British and Indian troops stormed the earthworks at daybreak, and in two hours Arabi Pasha, and what were left of his 40,000 Egyptians, had bidden farewell to free dom. Five fiundred and fifty British troops were killed, and they were nearly all lost at a fort, held by a regiment of Soudanese, at one angle of the intrench - mentfc The Indian cavalry, with their long lances and crooked swords, turned to 'the flanks, and that settled it. Afterwards it was not a battle, but a massacre. Parties of Arabs,* under the direction of English noncommissioned officers, were gathering the bloated and swollen bodies, and turning them under ?with, scant cere mony, excepting in the cases of a few officers, and the chaplains and surgeons had a picnic. The Indian cavalry, who were ecouring the country, were constantly bringing in prisoners, and even this had become monotonous, as it was aggravating _ to see how cool those cavalrymen appeared in their muslin uniforms. You would im agine, to look at them, that butter would not melt in their month*, whereas a fire brick would not stand a chance ; every another's son of them had probably mur dered a couple of dozen Arabs within the previous 24 hours. 1 was endeavoring to get some sleep, and meeting with indiffer \- ent success, when I was roused by my Coptic servant : ' Shoqf, howagi, bent hitter ' (' Look, sir, at th« lot of woiuea '). A squad of blooming Indians had just brought in an Arab i. eneral and his whole iarem. This was something so decidedly novel that, for the moment, even the heat was forgotten, and I got into my duck jacket in short order, and closed in on headquarters. For I knew that I would be wanted — not especially by the ladies, but for the reason that I could talk the lingo, and that was my business at the front. Now, an Arab, or Turkish, or Cir . ioasjuan lady of the harem always looks well from the front — when she has her ; ; -veil on— and they always wear Tells in gtublic, and usually tide in close carriages. On this occasion the whole party „ of about SO was mounted on don ikeys, and it beautified the desert. If there is anything more comical on the ;{£aee of the earth than an Arab woman, with a breadth of beam like a museum six 'hundred ponnaer, dressed in silks of the : snoet brilliant colors, perched on top of a, dbnkey, that reminds one more of a jack , atabbit than anything else, her stirrup so ' short that her knees are almost on a level with her shoulders, a long whits Tell vireamliig out benind like a flag of truce, ,«.nd^ a general air of holding on by Ilex eyelids, I hare never sera it The Indians formed a cordon /round the houris, as though .they were afraid some one would steal one, for there was certainly no possible .chance for them to escape — there was no place fox them to go. As I arrived, the English general, accom panied by a portion of his staff, was just coming out of bis tent. He gave the Arab profuse apologies for the inconvenience his troops had occasioned him and his family. At the same time, he ordered tents to be put up and everything possible to be done for their comfort — -which was not much. I interpreted the Arab's story of how his bodyguard had defended him until all had been killed, but I knew at the same time that if they had stood their ground it was merely because they were unable to getaway. The Arabs are as arrant cowards as have ever drawn breath, but they are notinuch to be blamed for this, as they have been trampled under foot from time immemorial, and been intermixed with the scum of Europe, Asia, and Africa until a nation has been formed that by comparison a govern ment mule is a thorough brad; ' While I was yet speaking, everyone was startled to hear one of the ladies exclaim, in excellent and expressive English : ' Hully Gee, but it is hot ! ' At the same time tearing off her veil and exposing a handsome but rather hard-looking face that seemed wonderfully familiar to me She elid down off her donkey, adding to the excitement, and approached the Eng lish general, notwithstanding the orders, threats, and profanity of her Arab lord and master, whom she ignored entirely. ' See here, General, I claim your protection, and I know that you will grant it. I married this old nigger (who was really almost white) on promises that almost gave me the kingdom of heaven, but, instead of fulfilling them, he has simply given me blazes. The ceremony did not amount to ' shucks,' and he could fire me in a minute if he felt like it, so I claim the same privilege, and be goes now. He has three more that he calls wives besides me here, and the others of the gang all ought to be called the same. Although how the old reprobate manages to get round beats me. 1 don't want any more harem in mine. I've bad a year of it, and the first day was too much, But I was nailed to the cross — -there was no escape. ' I was just wishing to-day that one of those Indians would stick about a foot of lance into him. That's what he deserves. We women have been beaten and abused in a manner that a white man can't under stand. I didn't get so much of a dose as some of the others, as I wasn't exactly built that way, and I gave him to understand that if those eunuchs ware not kept off me I'd give him a dose of the same medicine, only a little more so.1' During this phillipic the Arab was wild, but the English general invited her to a seat under the flap of his tent, and the Indians got their orders as to where the balance of the party was to be located, and they wenta The general ordered some refreshment for her, and asked her what she would have. ' Good Lord, general, give me some whiskey and water, quick. I'm dry enough to burn. 1 t*,ven't had a drop for a year.' And she threw oft half a tin cup without drawing her breath, Th« general assured her of his protection, and promised to send her down to Alexan dria at the first opportunity. This was all she required, and she looked a travelling edition of the English prayer book— ' Peace on earth and goodwill towards all mankind' — the Arab and the heat were forgotten. ' You see how people can get fooled P Yon think me English, but I'm Austrian — Italian-Austrian, boxn in a little albergo (inn), near the wonderful stone quarries that line the mountain just back of Trieste. I suppose I was just like other kids, but when I was 16 I fell in love with a chap named Ficks, who had been to America, and was going back. I ran away with him, and put in four years at a place just outside New York, called Coney Island. Ficks was the steward of one of the large hotels, and was a pretty big man. I had easy enough times of it, but it was too slow by a jug full. ' There were iots of concert halls and theatres down there, where a girl with a good voice cauld always get a show in the summer, and that was me. ' Ficks kicked for a good while, but it was no use, and finally he consented to my going on. It wasn't long before I was the hit of the island, and nothing was too rich for my blood. It was lively enough then, and you could catch a net full of suckers any Sunday. And beer 1 why you could just fiwim in it ; the glasses were a little delicate, but there were plenty of them, and that balanced the books, I would do the tra-la-la in. English, German, and Italian in those days, and now I think I'll po back and tip them a little Egyptian, with a few other ditties thrown in. I've been all over since then, but you can call me a freak if I ever struck such a tough joint as this here Egypt. All I've got out of the game in this stuff,' and she showed the general and his staff enough rings and pins and bracelets to start a jewellery store. ' It's not so bad for a strange lady who had to learn the language ; do you think so ? The old nigger wasn't stingy, I'll say that for him ; but you can go broke that he had a string on them, or I'd never be wearing diamonds to-day. I thank you folks for getting m« out of a scrape that gave me many severe pains every time I thought of what a chump I was. I'd about made up my mind the only way I'd jump it would be to fly as an Egyptian an-rel, and I'm so. healthy that it made me feel old to think about it. - ' Oh, yes I I forgot to tell you how I got into it. Well, at last I went tired of Ficks and Coney Island. It's no good, only in the summer, and 1 joined a troupe' going oh the road, and got as far as San Francisco, where we busted. I was all right there, and -Hiad ^plenty of work, as I was no slob^ if I do say it. I got an offer to go with a company that was starting lor Australia, and that was a sort of pie for me, so I caught oft at a big promised salary, and had two years of it, taking in the Sandwich Islands, Japan, China, Aus tralia, India, and a lot more places not down On the map. I finally brought up in Alex andria, and there onr company rested with a big R. I had a big toll, but it was all owing tome, as the Ghost hadn't ettta shuffled for a year. We had got so used to this that if the manager had paid me a salary, I'd have dropped dead. Alexandria ain't a half bad place for a lady, and I had more mashes than I knew what to do with. I must have had paresis, for I could have picked my choice, but T let that old nigger scoop me. And hers I am — one of Boiler's Trans- Atlantic serio comics, stranded high, and dry in the Egyptian desert.' 