Amusements. 'CAVALLEEIA EUSTICANA.' A CBITICISM. A criticism of 'Cavalleria Eusticana' at this period of its career seems rather late in the day. When in all the countries -where Italian 'musical art is appreciated it has received the criticism of unequalled success, and in all the great capitals of the world — in every city of any note on the continent of Europe, through the British Isles, and across the Ameri can continent from the Atlantic to the Pacific, the same pean of praise has followed it — the same crowds have thronged to hear it. But with all this consensus of opinion, we I venture to assert that it is an anticlimax to pre- f sent it after ' I Pagliacci.' It should have been played first. . There is no doubt that if the ' Cavalleria Eusticana ' had never been written neither would 'I Pagliacci.' The in stinct for imitation is not confined to the Simian tribes, and nobody can 'question the patent fact that Leoncavallo assimilated the ideas of Mascagni, and the result is ' I Pagliacei ' — which both musically and dramatically is a much stronger piece than 'Cavalleria Eusticana.'7 The brevity of both these operas has no doubt conduced to their success. This is the age of quick, short, sharp contrasts — demand creates supply — and so we get a volume of condensed passion — passion in all its forms and extravagances — passion, human in intensity, electrifying in its truth, terrifying in its results. There is no conventionality in these works, they are of the impressionist schools. It is all real fife, actual pulsating life ; you can feel it, the love is real, and the hate and the suffering, 'and that is where the charm comes in. With what a delightful tightening of the heart and holding of the breath we wait for the knife to strike the victim. The knife, too — that is real, strong, and sharp and keen, and bright und two edged, and we realise with satisfaction that it is capable of doing the business most effectually. This is the age of realism. This sort of thing suits us, we like it; and this is where Leoncavallo is more convincing than Mascagni. In ' Cavalleria Eusti cana ' the love and the murder are both infer ential. In ' I Pagliacei ' you see it, and you are satisfied. The plot of ' Cavalleria Eusticana ' ie arranged from the ' Scene Popolari ' of Gio vanni Verga. The adapters have utilised five characters only of the original nine. Santuzza (Signorina Italia Del .Torre), a young Sicilian girl, has loved, not wisely but too well, and her lover Turiddu (Signor Fiorella Giraud) has deserted her, attracted by Lola (Sig norina Okja Mettler), the wife of his friend Alfio (Signor Caruson). Alfio is a teamster, and his avocation carries him from his home, and during his absence Turiddu eon soles Lola. This amourette Santuzza dis covers, and exasperated by jealousy she on the return of the husband tells him the story of her wrongs and his wife's falsity. Alfio in a rage swears to have revenge (' Vendetta ') ou Turiddu ; and Santuzza, to her despair, discovers too late that in the gratification of her vengeance on the woman she hates she has endangered the life of the man she loves. The opera finishes with the duel (off the stage) between the two men, and poetical justice is rendered and the unities preserved by the death of Turiddu at the hands of the injured husband. The action of the opera is brisk and does not flag, but it never rises to the intensity of ' I Pagliacei.' The music is full of melody and memories, principally of Bizet and Boito. The orchestration, colored with every device, is most delicious and delightful. In the over ture occurs a ' Siciliana,' supposed to be a serenade, sung by Turiddu to Lola. This is invariably encored, but was not on Satur day, the audience in the early part of the evening being decidedly apathetic. The scene was beautiful — the early Easter Moon in a Sicilian Villiage — a church on one side and Mama Lucia's house on the other. The 'business' of the opening was well arranged, the stage being discovered empty, and gradually filling up with peasants, and soldiers, and flower-girls, and water carriers, and tine various personnels that go to make up an effective strage crowd. The chorus work was excellent, and they showed their exceptional quality in the first number. The opening song for Alfio, with its difficult and awkward harmonic- progressions, did not pro duce much effect ;' ~ and it was reserved for the magnificent chorale and hymn, ' Ee gina Ccelli,' to gain the first encore. Here the chorus in the church was weak, and it was impossible to realise the full beauty of the opening theme. After this occurs a romance for tne soprano, remarkable not so much for melodic beauty as for its perfect appro priateness to the scene and character. Two effective duetts occur here for Turiddu and Santuzza, and Santuzza and Alfio. After the last one the artists were warmly recalled. The ' Intermezzo,' encored, was of course one of the events of the evening. But this was disappointing. The tempo was too quick, and the orchestra was numerically weak. When this opera was produced in New York there were 60 violins, and the Intermezzo was superb, and was played five times in succession. The one great number of the second part is the bright and sparkling ' Brindisi,' sung with immense vim and vigor by Signor Giraud, and it resulted in an inevitable encore. The principal part in ' Caval leria ' is Santuzza, but the tenor, as Turiddu, was the dominant character, and asserted his individuality in the most powerful and perfect manner. Signorina Del Torre, as the heroine, is overweighted. The tragic intensity of the part is lost. The character is a whirlwind, full of violent love, and hate, and despair ; and she does not suggest these ideas with any significance. The expression of the deserted girl on her first entrance should convey to the audience the knowledge of her love and fall — it is the despair and remorse of Marguerite in the Church scene. She was in good voice, but the strong tremolo interferes with her phras' ing, as evidenced in her rendering of 'Voi Lo Sapete, O Mamma,' and the solo in the ' Eegina,' and her physique is not equal to the exigencies of the concerted music. Signorina Olga Mettler was very good as the frivolous Lola, and played with much chic. The buisiness of the Palms was unnecessary and absurd, and distracted the attention of the audience and the singers. The entrance of Lola from the first prompt is a mistake, and most ineffective, and neces sitates her singing with her face three-quarters from the audience. The pianoforte accompaniment to the ' Siciliana ' was also a mistake. It spoilt the effect of the song, and dwarfed the importance of the opera, suggesting as it naturally did the Theatre Eoval back drawina'-room ; audit should be recollected that in the prayer, Santuzza, as a person excommunicated by the church ([a cir cumstance which must be known to the village), would not be surrounded by the neighbors, she would be obliged to stand aloof — alone. The tableaux introduced at the finish of the opera cannot be regarded with patience, it was an impertinence. The audience in the end were enthusiastic, and called everybody before the curtain many times. The everybody included Signor Guerera, the conductor, and Mr. Mus grove. The programme concluded with the suc cessful ballet, ' Turquoisette.' As many people anticipated, the reduction in the prices at Her Majesty's Theatre has proved a decided step in the right direction, and since the new tariff came into force the theatre has been well filled every evening. ' Romany Eye ' has enjoyed an unusually successful run, and will occupy the boards jdurjing^he week. On Saturday we are promised -^a .big. production of, /'Man. to Man,' a play by William: Bourne,' in which a realistic railway smash plays a prominent part. Another bumper house greeted the repetition of 'The Golden Giant ' on Saturday night at the Theatre Eoyal. Miss Maggie Moore, her songs, and her company were greeted with hearty applause. This stirring . mining drama, however, will only 'be played for two nights more and on Wednesday ?Boucieault's 'Colleen Bawn' will be the attraction, with Miss Maggie Moore as Eily O'Connor, Mr. Eoberts as Mylesna Coppa leen, and Mr. Hayman as Danny Mann, a part in which he appears to decided advantage. Once more the ill-fated Opera House has closed its doors, and once^more is there a plucky entre preneur left to mourn the lack of real musical ap preciation by the Sydney public There .was a rumor . that ?' Girofle Girofla' was to follow ' Fatinitza,' but the ghost refused to walk any longer; and the company hurriedly collapsed. The Battle of Gettysburg was well patronised yesterday, when special attractions were put forth to catch the wary holiday ? seeker. Many novel ties have been added to thi6 unique spectacular illusion, and those who have not seen the big battle picture for some time will do well to pay the Cyclorama another visit. The doors are open from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. Another enjoyable programme was rendered by Mr. Wiegand, the city organist, at the Town Hall on Saturday evening. In respect for the memory of the two aldermen who died so recently the printed programme was preceded on Saturday by Chopin's 'Funeral Vierge' was perhaps the most popular selec tion of the evening, but M. Wiegand' s own military march and the ' Grand March for the Wedding Procession,' from 'Lohengrin,' were also enthusiastically received. The ' Organ Voice's Song,' by Mr. Morley, the organist at St. John's, Darlinghurst, the fantasia ' Les Dragons de Villars ' and Pierne's March, composed ex pressly for the Paris Exhibition, all came in for a cordial recognition. The next organ recital has been fixed for Wednesday next. The initial excursion .to Plat Bock, Middle Harbor, under the auspices of the Balmain Cold stream Band, took place yesterday afternoon, and was a great success. The steamer Me Mel left Balmain well filled, and on arrival at Middle Harbor the passengers went ashore in search of wild flowers, with which the place abounds. During the trip a number of popular airs were rendered by the Coldstream Baud, and the excur sion was a delightful one. Mr. Witton's arrange^ merits were satisfactory. Coogee. — The aquarium was well patronised yesterday, and consequently the concert provided by Mr. Larmour proved a success. The inost popular item in the programme was the prison scene from Wallace's ' Maritana,' in which the characters were ably sustained by Miss Maude Leamington, Miss Minnie Phillips, Mons. Jules Simonsen, and Mh» Fred. Wentworth. Miss Flo Murray, and Miss Florrie Eanger con tributed vocal numbers. Mr. Arthur Gordon repeated his clever sketches, and Messrs. T. Mellor and T. A. Eicketts supplied the instru mental music. Tivoxi Theatee. — A hot night has no effect on the numbers who patronise the Tivoli Theatre. On Saturday the crowd was as great as usual, and the business manager, Mr. John C. Leete, had his ingenuity taxed to find comfortable accom modation for everyone. Miss PrisciUa Verne made her re-appearance, and those who remember her previous performances will not be surprised that she was received with -flattering applause. Miss Verne had a number of serio-comic songs on the programme, and among others one of Miss Billie Barlow's London successes, ' Mashing the Band.' Another performer who is not unknown to the Tivoli, Mons. Provo, made a re-appearance under the style of the champion shadowgraphist. He gave a very good entertainment. Mr. Harry Eickards included in his numerous popular, des criptive, and otherwise entertaining songs, ' Moonbeams,' ' Climbing Up the Golden Stairs,' and the greatest success of all, ' Up I Came With My Little Tot.' The last fairly fetched the house. The Leslie Brothers and Messrs. M'Kisson and Kearns created roars of laughter in their respective specialities. The Leslie Brothers reproduced their amusing musical scene of the railway station, and Messrs. M'Kisson and Kearns their wonderful acrobatic perform ance. Mr. Walter Lester gets plenty of applause for his ventriloquial act, which is one of the cleverest items on she programme. Mr. Chas. Fanning sustained reputation as the funny comedian, and among the ballad singers there was a complete change in the programme. Mr. Arthur Hunter sang ' Lo My Courage,' Miss Lillian Stanbridge ' Promise Me,' Mr. John Lindsay 'A Vision,' and Mr. Arthur Farley 'The Ship wreck.' A word of praise is also due to Miss Emmie Morrison for her singing of ' The Deutcher Boy' and 'For the Sake of the Girl,' both of which were redemanded. Mr. Alf. Lawton and Miss Clara Spencer had some fresh business, and created plenty of fun in an original specialty entitled ' The Ee porters. The Sunday night concert, in spite of the disadvantage of a sultry evening, was also attended by a huge audience. The programme included items by Mr. Harry Bickards, Miss Pris cilla Verne, Miss Stanbridge, Miss Emmie Mor rison, the Leslie Brothers and others all of whom helped to made the entertainment a complete suc eess. Benefit Conceet. — There was a large attend ance at the T.M.C.A. on Saturday evening, when a concert was given in aid of the funds of the Sydney Jewish Education Board. The artists in cluded some of the leading musicians of the city, and the programme, which might be called a popular one, gave the utmost satisfaction. One of its features was the piano and violin duet ' Don Giovanni,' by Madame Kellermann and Mons. Poussard. The favorite artists were warmly applauded. Among other pieces Madame Kellerzaann played for the first time ' Saltarelle,' one of her own compositions. Mons. Poussard's violin solo ' Concerto ' (Beriot) won much approval, a similar compliment being paid to ' Berceuse/' an excerpt from the artisf s work, ' Souvenir de Schubert,' in which he was associated with Miss Mina Hollander. The 'cello solos of Mr. E. Straus were well received, and Mr. H. M'Mahon's cornet solo ' Alexis ' proved a popular item. Miss Caro gave a creditable rendering of ' Caro Mio Ben.' Mr. A, J. Davis sang ' Marphisa,' and Mr. J. Callaghan ' The Love Tide.' Mr. C. W. Fraser, contributed a flute solo ' La Eomanesque,' and Miss Inez Bensusan, Mr. S. A. Davis, and Mr. J. A. Stanley- Adam recited. The American Banjo Club, under the condnctorship of Mr. W. J. Stent, performed ' Martaneaux,' (the overture) and the ' Concert March,' the final number. Bondi. — A capital programme of vocal and instrumental selections was submitted to a large audience at the Bondi Aquarium yesterday after noon. The popularity of these concerts as arranged and carried out by Mr.Wyburd is evidenced by the fact that the Aquariam Theatre is tolerably well filled every week. Mr. T.W. Bhodes played a piano forte selection from ' The Bohemian Girl,' follow ing upon which Miss Lillie Bowley, Miss Winifred Lyons, and Messrs. Herbert Bowley and Fred. England, sung ' Good Night ' from ' Martha,' and later on Tendered with excellent effect, ' Sweet and Low.' Miss and Mr. Bordey did well in ' Oh, Maritana,' as did Miss Lyons in ' The Lost Chord.' 'See How it Sparkles,' by Miss Bowley, was a welcome item, and the artist was warmly applauded. Mr. England gave a fine rendering of 'The Village Black smith,' and Mr. John Shirley was equally success ful in ' The Skipper's Flag.' Mr. Fred Dark's contributions were urovocative of much mirth. and he was several times recalled. The perfor mance of Miss Georgie Smithson, the female Maccabe, was decidedly entertaining, her rapid character changes being much, appreciated. Haiibob Conceets. — Bellini's Concert Company gave a harbor concert yesterday, at which fully 300 people attended! The steamer Waterview had been engaged, and on the upper deck a band ? of 17 performers discoursed excellent music until the steamer's arrival at Flat Bock. Additional orchestral Selections there were given, and songs were rendered by Miss Cleveland and Mr. W. Byan. An opportunity was given the passengers of landing, and after half an hour's stay the re turn journey was commenced. Unfortunately, however, a mishap occurred to the feedpipe of the Waterview, and assistance had to be sought from the Me-Mel, another boat on a similar ex cursion. The latter towed the Waterview up the harbor, and the passengers embarking on the Me-Mel were landed at the Circular Quay at 6.30 p.m. The trip -and entertainment were highly enjoyable. 