THE YHJTII. He was the president of a bnnk in a southern city — an only child, rich, cul tured and moral. She supported her mother by going from house to house and sewing for 50 cents a day. She was u. pretty, merry- hearted, amiable girl of 17, witli a frank, honest disposition that took things for what they seemed, and, therefore, always inspired fair deal- ings. He met her by chance in his mother's sewing-room one day. Then the old story began. He had little else to do but fall in love — and she had so much else that was sadder and harder to cjo that it came to her as a sort of restful recroation. So every evening at 6 o'clock she left the fine house with light heart and tired fingers, and would climb up to the little cubby-hole in the tenement- house which she and her mother called "home," and, after mnking the invalid comfortable for the evening (with the irony of such comfort as her 50 cents a day allowed), she would take down a mysterious roll of white gar ments, and sew and. talk as lovingly about him and with as proud a heart sis the belle on the avenue up town who ordered hor trousseau from Paris. Those were gay times for her ; and if he chanced to come one night in a week to take her to the theatre she Would bo in an inward invisible world of gaiety for days afterwards, while stitching demurely away on frills and furbelows for her employers. But at last, one winter night, lie walked home with her from her work, and told her with a sad, grave face about a sweet, good woman, in his own station of life, who loved him as truly as she did ; and how much depended upon their mar riage — her happiness, his mother's happineBs, the splendid union of two fair names and fortunes — and so he kissed her with all the tenderness of a last kiss, and went away with God tonly knows how much of grief or regret in his heart. All night long she lay in silence, face downward, on the hard floor of their narrow room ; all night long the little roll of white garments lay folded away on the table — no more to be touched or smiled over again than a dead child— and in . the morning she arose and went away. But she did not go to hor work. ' " As he came out of his gate he found her leaning against it. He touched her gently and said : . " You must go home, little woman ; it will not do for you to be seen stand ing here." But she only looked up and smiled —and when he glanced into liergentlo eyes he started back at the truth they revealed, for they were as two open windows of a tenantless house. " Life and thought had gone away." She walked along silently by his side until at last he said again : ' Go home, dear child ; you cannot go along this way with me." . But whenever he spoke she only looked up and smiled — so sweet a smile on so sad a face that it was to him like a ray of sunlight on a marble tomb. Soon they reached the great stone steps pf his bank, and she shrank back by some blind instinct from the' Btrango faces within, and crouched down in a sheltered, secret niche of the narrow portico, which seemed to have been intuitively designed by the good builders for this little castaway of love and reason. , Within the bank he lost sight of her, and felt relieved that she had disap peared ; and in the busy course of the day's successful enterprise he lost all remembrance of hor, just as ho would forget a little black mote that had drifted before his eyes in the morning sunlight. But when he turned towards home in the evening she followed again at fiis side, and at his oxclamation of sur prise and displeasure sho only looked tip and smiled as before. So they wont along in silence until they reached his home. Then he entered and closed the iron gate that she might not follow. And she leaned wearily against it without seeing the analogy that it boro to the destiny that had so shut her out from happiness and love. '' After a timo ho camo out dressed for the opera and found her there. Then ho took her gently by the hand and led her home. Along brilliant avonues, down dim streets and across dark alleys he led hdr along, and those who passed and looked at the silent two wondered at the strange variance of attire in which they appeared. If they could have looked deeper into the strange variance of their destinies thoy would have longer wondered, and some there were would have wept — gentle mothers, and those sad ones with none but buried joys whose ghosts aro always invoked by the spell' of another's sorrows. Up tho long, gloomy stairs of the tenement he led her, and at the door of her little room he paused, then stooped and kissed her in as passionless and sorrowful a way as one kisses the dead, thrust her gently within the door and wont away. CHAPTER II. And so it was, day after day — ever tho little listless figure waiting for him at his gate in the early morn ing ; ever the silent, upward look and smile when he spoke; ever tho dis appearance at tho bank, and the re appearance in the evening, and ever the silent two going along dim streets and dark alleys toward the-, tenement when the twilight came. Often as the days wont by he thought of one way out of it ail, bub his pity and his man hood shrank from doing. so ungenerous a tiling ; for tho invalid mother still found solace in even tho sad music of " sweet bells jangled," and the child was as harmless and fragile as a withered flower tossed down by a care less hand. Soon the brilliant wedding was solomnised with all outward show of fortune's benediction, and the old iron gate that had shut out the little cast away of love swung freely open to admit the bride whoso fair name and fortune were equal to his own. As they entered her pleasant gaze rested for the moment upon a little woman leaning wearily against the iron rail ing, who lifted up a wan face to tho sunlight and smiled when she heard their voices. Through all the sweet idleness of those first days of their new life he saw this poor little mote in his sun shine. Early and late Bho was there — listless, silent, expressionless — a sad embodiment of the memory that haunted his life with a subtle sense of wrong. At last he told his wife her story — with, naturally, here and there a reservation of facts that he knew would jar rudely upon her sensi- bililios of a bride. Truth would often serve a meaner purpose than falsehood; and so, sometimes, it is a curious duty imposed upon the righteous to make a virtue of falsehood nncl force truth to a compromise And that he did this for her sake and not for his own was his full justi fication. If he had told her that he really loved the forsaken girl better than he could ever love her her pity would not have gone, as it did, to this poor exile of Love — she would have kept it at home for her own just needs. . What a sad irony it would be if every bride could but look, as this one did, from her new home and see her husband's old loves standing wistful outside the gate. But there came a day that they did not seel her at the gate, and another day she was not there. Then the wife said, in the magnani mity of her own fair fortune, " Some ill has befallen her — let us go to the tenement and see." So in the twilight he led her, ns he had led the other, along the brilliant avenue, down dim streets, across dark alleys and up the long, gloomy stairs to the narrow room in the tenement. There they found her sitting at the foot of the bed, gazing pensively at the face of her mother, who lay there in the new peace of death, with hands folded decently upon hor breast and a lighted candle at her head and at her feet that did not shine as brightly as the kind eyes of the poor woman next door, from whose scanty store they had come. Sho who sat there so calmly glanced up nt him and smiled, unmindful of death or of tho rare compensation that was hers — to look ' upon death with untroubled eyes. It was tho young wife who wept — yet not for tho Dead. It -was the young wife (noble in loving, but nobler in pitying where sho did not love), who at last took the orphan's hand ancl said to him who stood by in remember ing silence : " We will make what poor reparation wo can. Botii Love and Death have left her to us for a legacy, and our duty is plain. Wo must keep her from want and harm." So they took her away — and that night when he opened the old iron gate, Love as victor and Love as victim followed him in, hand in hand. 