warmer Housing Show 1'attlc. Comfortable and roomy quavtcra nro co sontinl in preparing cattlo for nlicw. Stall feuding i3 not tho V-cat oyntom for nliow unimiila. Oluun well-haired beaato do not usually como out of utalla, Pcrfcction in coat ia n difficult point toattain, but whon it ia accomplished it goea a loin; way in favor of the animal possessing it. It ia, indeed, n rave po3oea3ion, only a very law ot tho cattlo shown at oven our national shown Jjoipgperfoct in their coats. Inordinary fattening for tho hutoher, stall-feeding in no doubt aa good aa any other plan, but for allow purposes laying on flesh in not tho only point aimed at — tho aftor hoalth and bloom of tho animal liaa to bo cofloidered. It t altos nfull year, nomotimea moro, to fit cattlo for tho show yard, and to confine tho nnimnla by tho hoad or neel: for that period in not tho way to accomplish tho desired end. Freedom to movo about, or lie down clean and com fortcblo, can only bo afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. Tho superficial area requited from tho calf to tho aged bull will rango from CO to 200 foot, 'ac- cording to tho amount of out-doov exevciao available, and in tho houso each lioast ro quireo from G50 feot to 800 cubic feet of breathing apaco. Cattlo not intended for breeding purposes may bo vory closely confined superficially for tho period of ono year without injury to thoir health ; but thoro aro moro breeding nnimalo ruined from want of room or exorciso than from ovor-fecding. It is very hard to injuron horse by high feeding whon tho -work io hoavy, and tho sarao law applies to cattlo. Moderato exorciso at tho expense of a certain wasto of food is good economy. Temporaturoia a great oloment in cattlo feeding. Tho natural heat of tho animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate tho tom peraturo, and tho nearer it averages tho normal heat of tho animal tho greater tho economy of tho food consumed. When tho outaido atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then thoro ia a difficulty in maintaining tho medium. In very cold weather tho heat of tho byro can bo raisod by closed dooi'3 and ventila tors, but whon tho tomporaturo is raised by tho constant breathing of tho samo air, the hoalth of the animal is ondangered. All under-currentg or draughts should bo excluded, and in no caso should the upper or roof ventilators bo entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward courso, and tho vontilatora, if thoy aro of right construc tion, will both allow tho exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing tho tomporaturo suddenly or irregularly. In hot days tho door3 can bo opened, or partly so, a3 tho thermometer will instruct; and after that tho only means of cooling the air ia by refrigeration, which, of courso, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattlo-feoding. Tho bo3t that can bo dono is to have tho byrea or olieda proporly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, wliicli will allow of alteration when neces sary. An excess of light under cover ia to bo avoided in the case of fat tuning cattlo. Young growing cattlo intended for breed ing purposes cannot vory well have too much sun and light, but tho rays of tho sun aro only valuable to the cattlo-fceder when tho temperature of the atmosphere is low. After tho surrounding air becomes heated tho direct rays of tho sun can bo dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such a3 wo provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunhcat for health giving properties. Wo can produce a greater heat than we derivo from the sun, but in tho means wo employ to attain it tho air is certain to become moro or leaa vitiated. When we get light and heat from the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything wo can manufacture. This is the reason why tho lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than tho ono raised in house with tho aid of tho sto Shying Horses are Near-Sighten-— ' Why it is that shying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know, '.said a prominent veterinary surgeon. 'It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. Tbe fact is that it iB seldom met with unless the horse ia near sighted. I have tested scoreB of shying horsea for near sightedne6s, and in nearly all cases found what 1 expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this as one of tbe requisites : Sever buy a horse that is near-sighted. There are, bow ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other iB clear-sighted. If tbe horse is to be used for riding to saddle be carcful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. 'The reason why a near-sighted horse shieB is very simple,' the surgeon continued. ' Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into n monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is q dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at onco. It is supposed that it is because tho hoTse makes j a closer acquaintance with the object. That is truo but not In the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-siglited. Horses and Their Drivers— It baa often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, foradriverto makcasudden slash with tho whip. This, with a spirited horse, ia followed by a sudden bound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that wore at tbe time at the extreme limit ot tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its gcnoral effect would result iu rupture, greater or less, of internal orgnn9, or sprain of some joint. Can wo wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment ia con tinued day after day the year throughout.! Under such circumstances, the woti(lcrls that any horse escapes serious injury, and wo may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawin' a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradual ly , that is, the onimal should first he made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre -v:dine the whin, and not the whip the voice. Buying Curioa In China — Later ex perience taught us that the curio man naki about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for his vmren. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frama of mind to see as you do, as regards hia profit, in telligently occupies about one-half of the cultured diplomat's time. The ourip chosen, the first thing to do io to take yonr man iuto the house, separating him from his fellows that he may not havo thoir moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begini briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, ho asks, as if there had never been any question of it before, ' How muob?' You again offer, and with a long drawn ' No,' he ouco more unpaoko that ho may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and tako no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits tho things at your feet and gives you to understand he has mode you a present of tbom ; that you uro a hardened oluner ; it has cost blm bis llfo'o blood, but be had ? choice. With an I O O for the amount and i o despbowho lias gone, and you find yo.ur o5!t n collector im embryo with th« cc*j» diaemsi) 'firmly -ftntobiD»5 yoa, | 