]|;.'- The Storyteller. ^ITHOUT AND WITHIN ;V;|- CHAPTER XII. I :! discords. ?In, (Continued.) '-{ ' Essie (harrying to make the fastening se fj ire. Beoaueo Mrs. Taylor has been accus cjVSmed all ber life' to do without cows, sheep, :'. poultry — a dairy flowing with milk and ^ - ntter — a cheeaeroom lined with cbeeBes — a I*? illar stored with apples, cider, vegetable*, r ° ptk — prenset bursting with blanket!, quilti, [.:' 'imfortablea, linen, and whatever gooa to 1 jjiake up the completest idea of farmhouse jj plenty — you would think it unjust and \ treasonable that you should be required to '., iBpoaseses yourself of all these things. m, ecauie Polly Bykei has no curtains at all to I ,t'pr windows — neither paper, muslin, nor fljiy thing else (except shn makes an old news '_. iper do duty, now and then) — is that a I- '.iod reason why you should give up yours ? L .{,!), if Mrs. Taylor has been accustomed to [ij'e'tink her parlour incomplete without snowy -Ji,j«u«lin cnrtaios, tastefully looped back from 1 i,'*e window*, and books from the table, and I, .lectures on the wall ; and she has been able !)&' get them, or has had friends kind enough I't'f* B've tnero t0 her; do not grudge her the [ | ': Measure ot haviog them, nor Miss Frost'a I' 'ia-/ne in mending them, il* I divine a last turn to the lock). Or, if |:- Du really think it should be ' share and ;l(;are alike,' send her half your cows, bens, \- Hitter, cheese, eto. etc, and take half of her . I, irtstna in return. i'ir Essie (flinging a gibe through thekeybolo ) /.(.'ending thrown in I $ Mrs. Bubohah (her black eyes flashing !'v aniously), I don't object to Mrs. Taylor's ,^'ving embroidered muslin curtains if she 'liants them, andean afford it ; I oan't. And 1'ii'she don't mind their looking like the last 1 c'jsp of would-be gentility, before it gives up ?'c e ghost I But I own I do hate to see time ,.',t':»8tod. And I did think yourB and Miss jqrost's ought to be too valuable to be flung ';,\ ray on old worn- ont tbingH, that tnnut go to S. i:eces in another wash or two, anyhow. But :y a ought to know best about that. It it lV\'t— all right. fii'EesiK (musingly). To be sore it would ht ii tier to buy now ones — they might last . 'i-ager — and I think we might accomplish it, ( 1 you would be so good as to head the sub -M ription, and take it ronnd 'o:Mns. Burciiah (reddening with anger). ,ii jank you, Miss Volger ; but I believe I can ,t|'!end my time belter than encouraging my ui'nister, or his wife, to strive alter the pomps i c d vanities of the world— things he's boaud '^preach against, if he does his duty. '.'ljEsBiK (in apparent soliloquy, holding up I')1' very dilapidated curtain, and gravely ,'vrveying it). Umpl 'pomps and vsnitios !' ^'(?icidedly more vanity than pomp, I should ::i'iy ! Light as a feather, and thin aa a spider's ? g'jb ! Several holes, and a border around ? I 13m ! Plenty of openwork, ' and next to , Vitbing to hold it together ! Ventilation )0''P'v provided for; protection dispensed (I'tlli ! Benevolently designed to letcandle '-.r1 ht out, and sunlight in ! Well, yes, vanity ' j 1 pugh — in tho seuse of want of substanco — .Id to spare ! Bat as for— VAum Vin (severely, from the doorway, pciring caught tho last sentences in passing). '! 'sie Volger 1 yon must be inside yoursell to %. a-holding Mr. Taylor's things up to l;' ) iicule, like that ! I'm ashamed of you 1 'h')d as for the curtains, I'm sure they look ,'311 enough, after they're mended, if they j!''sa liitlo decapitated, to begin with. 7b!1 Aunt Vin I' screamed Essie, hysterically, ,J »? never thooght of ridiculing the curtains. ;; Vvas merely trying to convince Mrs. Bur ?'Vim that they do not come under the head i'Vthe pomps of this world.' ^. I should think not,' returned Aunt Vin, '1 p'jatically. 'Seems to me they'd go |.'; .aer among the fortificatious of the flesh. ..lough, to be sure, you've put in those .'V.ches and darns so nicely that thoy aio't ,! I in visible from here. But when I do get 'J-i\li enough to extinguisb them, they go to j,1!/1 heart. They show so plainly how , roisters have to save and pinch to gel along A'.l keep up a dooeut apparition before folks ; ,.*-! it won't do lor ministers to go shabby, ^ 'iy nor their houses. Thby've got to look iji pectablo outside though they're got fitting inside but the heads of their next liiicourse and an appetite! And what toils iftl hardships thoy have to endure, and no l| ^.nk« to nobody ! Poor creturs ! (hey have -i(fJdo the most work for the least rumination Lj Vauybody I know of !' V ilnd Aunt Vin went back to her work, j.. .king her head most lugubriously. I'^Mrs. Barobam started to follow her, but U )'ppcd in 'he doorway to say, petulantly — k'-u'm sick of hearing poople talk about jJ listers' toils and saorificos 1 Aa if they [' . ren't well paid for it !' L!~.Vow this has been a sore point with me, [j^cincesca o?er since I found Oousiu Will in Ll' t miserable little fossilized pariah .of lied L|?'n, in a community of Well-to- do farmers, UVng without eggs, milk, or, butter, fur Uiaks together, to say nothing of things L'5 n more necessary.; — in short, pationtly L' ring the prohlom how little conld keep LAly and soul togother ; and in imminent \tiger of sundering that long suffering pair, , jtie frosty morning, by a very slight niiscaU illation. I suddenly flashed out, there |r-:,Do you really think they are well paid V'j\ it, Mm. Burcham ? When you send for L'iilergyinan, at dew-i of night, to baptizo kiJir sick child, do you pay him for it? [ij'iien you desire him to come .five miles into L.'^tfbuntry to preach a sermon, over it, and j',ie miles in another direotion to see it fc/'ently buried — obliging him to hire a kh^se and carriage for the transit — do you I.,; him for it? When ho visits you in r,;'ir desolation, and teaches you how to l.j^umo the garments of praise for the spirit n't heaviness, do you pay him for itP rc'|ien bo leads you, step by step, down ||.;,) the valley of the shadow of death vj'ievor letting go your band until he bus put :h :nlo the strung, lender one of Christ — do [?if PQV kiai for it ? Aud while, year after [:,, r, he watches for your soul,, as one who tart giro aooounl ; battling with your, If ,1 inference, bearing with your asperities, l^iieut with your inGrmittes, gentle with In a ' j r prcjudiceH, sorrowing over your lapses |l.:,) sin, carrying you daily before the tliroue rj!,[race, and wrestling with God, as Jacob lijji )ld, for a blessing upon you and yourB — by you pay him for it? Or are all theie h;. »e things ' in tho bond' whereby Shiloh h. ' (Shylock were the better name, methinks !) agrees to receive him as her clergyman, and to pay something less tban four hundred dollars for his services? Does that mean service by day, service by night, service in sickness, servioe in health, service of head and heart, service of prayer and teaching, service of care, of counsel, of warning, of forbearance, of consolation ? Are all these kindly affections and qniet charities — every timely admonition — every sympatbetio tear — every product of brain and hand — reckoned as bought and paid far by that four hundred dollars ? Does nothing remain for friend liness, for generosity? For four hundred dollars, is he supposed to have become so poor, abject, slavish, that he has nothing left, to giro to another — either of the warmth of his heart the utterance of bis lips, or the prayers of his soul P Are none of these his ? are they Ml ' i ' the bond ?' All Bold to Shiloh for fuur hundred dollars ! And an excellent bargain ! He is 'well paid 1' ' [To be continued.] 