Story Column. now first rnnubhed.j THROUGH THICK AND THIN. by CLEMENTINE MONTAGU, Author of " For Lovo and Fame," " My "Wife, or His," Leonora'b Legacy," &o.;, &o.; The Queensland rights of this story have hcon purchased by tho Telegraph Newspaper Company from Cassell and Company, London and Mel bourne CHAPTER XXXIII. — ( Continued.) Others might have seen but little cauBe lor thankfulness. Lord Rutherford -was still the same selfish exacting husband that he had always been, but he did not swear at them now, nor outrage his wife nnd daughter by conduct that made every one round avoid the house as if it held the plague. Marion wrote frequently. She would come bock as soon as she possibly could, hut she had much to do and seo to. The position to whioh she had been called so suddenly was one of considerable importance, and the settle ment of her affairs took up all hertimo. 'You and Lady Winifred must come to me at Briarholmo as soon as ever I am settled there,' she wrote in one of her earliest letters ; ' you will find an old friend there, I hope. I have almost persuaded dear ?<Irs. Bruce to be my housekeeper. She says she is not fitted lor tho post; that she was only your maid ; hut I know she is, and I mean to have her. I have asked Mr. Forsyth what he thinks about it, and he strongly advises me to have her if she will come.' A little later she wrote again that it was finally settled. Mrs. Bruco was to go to Briarholmo before her and get it ready ; she was to take whatever she liked best of her own belongings, and farnish her own. rooms exactly as she pleased. ' And I shall do my best to make her happy and at home,' Marion wrote joy fully; ' she has been a good friend to me — the best a forlorn girl ever had. She will he delighted to see you and Lady Winifred. I cannot tell her enough about yon.' The fortune into which Marion Rivers had so unexpectedly come was a large one, and Briarholmo was one of the prettiest houses imaginable. It was large, comfortable, and well furnished, and the new owner very wisely abstained from trying to modernise or improve it. A little freshening up was required, and Mr. Forsyth put all things in order for its new mistress. There was a sharp pain at Marion's heart as she went through the rooms, and listened to tho enumeration of her belongings nnd the amount of her wealth, and a very lonely feeling took possession of her at the thought of what might have been. Things looked a little brighter, whon she had persuaded Mrs. Bruce to transfer herself and tho round- eyed Jenny from the soolusion of Baxter square to the big bouso, and take house hold cares o ff her shoulders. Jenny was so lost in amazement at the change, that for days she could do nothing but stare about her in open- mouthed amazement. Briarholmo was like fairy land to her, and the prospect of just double wages seemed like illimitable wealth. The very day that tho pair were estab lished in their new surroundings Marion went to the house with Mr. Forsyth. She was staying with him and his wife, . pending her going to her new homo for good, and was very happy with the family of Jbbe kindly lawyer. They were in the room which was to he her boudoir, when he drow a letter from hiB pooket and handed it to her. ' For you,' he said. ' I did not give it to you till now ; I thought you would rather read it horo, and with your old friend; my wife and daughters know nothing of this part of your affairs.' He smiled kindly and laid his hand on hor shoulder. 'Go to Mrs. Bruce and read it, my dear,' he said. ' It concerns her as well as you.' Marion looked from him to the letter in some surprise. ' It is from Mr. Lvnu,' she said ; ' I know his handwriting. Why should he write to me ?' 'Because he has news for you, my dear,' Mr. Forsyth replied. 'It is from Canada — Quobeo. You know why ho went there ?' 'No.' ' To searoh out the heart of a mystery. He has done so, and there i'b good news ; he went to look for Riohnrd Dont.' Marion turned very white. 'To look for him ; bat ho is dead,' sho said. 'Mistakes are sometimes made,' Mr. Forsyth replied. ' This was one. He iB alive. There, there, don't cry; there is more behind. Go to Mrs. Bruco and talk and ory as much as you like with hor.' ' I know there is more behind,' Morion oaid. But how do you como to know anything about it ?' ' I have known all there was to know about it for a long time,' was all Mr. Forsyth would say, and leading her to the door of Mrs; Bruce's room, he shut her in with her lettor and loft her. Letters, mamma, letters ! ' and Lady Winifred danced into the morning room with sparkling eyes, and a bundle of letters in her hand. It was a pretty room now in spite of tho shabby furni ture. There were flowers and feminine belongings ohout, and the dress of the two ladieB was in keeping with it — very simple, for there was no money to spend on superfluities, bnt fresh and summory looking, and Lady Wini fred's wealth of fair hair was brushed and coiled round her shapely head in an artiB- tio, if unfashionable, style. ' We really must have a new lettor- bog,' she wont on, laughing ; ' it is not respeotable that the Tredenaoh bag Bhould be tied up with a bit of string. I hove no business to he able to open it.' ' We ought to have ono,' Lady Ruther ford said vyith a little sigh, ' but I really can't afford it, I am running desperately short, and till Mr. Lynn comes back I don't know where to get any; > It does not so muah signify now that your brother is awqy our letters are safe.' j ' Which they certainly were not when he had the handling of the hag,' her daughter said. ' Long-may he atay away, that's all I can say.' ' My dear child !' 'Well, it's exactly what I feel, re-, torted the young lady. 'But reaid your lottor, mammie dear; there'a one for me from my darling Miss Rivers, and one from Mr. Lynn to papa as woll as you. How funny of him to write to you both at once like that!' She was soon absorbed in her letter, whioh was a gossipy ono from her friend, with all sorts of details about Briarholmo and Mrs. Bruce, hut no word of tho news that had come to her ; it had been posted before sho went to Briarholme. It was just such a lettor as a girl loves to -re ceive, and she was absorbed in it, to the exclusion of everything else, when she was startled by a sob from hor mother, and looking up she saw that Lady Ruther ford had dropped her letter, and was weeping passionately. ' What is it, mamma, dear ? What has happened ?' she said, springing to her Bide. ' Is there bad news ?' No, ohild, no !' the countess replied. ' Read it— road it, and toll me that 1 am not dreaming.' Lady Winifred took the letter and opened it with a ourions feeling— half fear, half hope in her heart. Mr. Lynn's writing was old fashioned, clear, and easily read. ' Montcalm Hotel, Quebeo, Juno 29, 18— My Dear Lady Rutherford, I am writing to your husband by this same mail, but I address you also, in ease his lordship should be away from Trede naoh, and my news will hardly keep. I expect to bo in England almost as soon as this letter, but you must know before I see you what I have to tell. My busi ness has kept mo rather longer out here than I expeoted or intended it Bhould, but it has been well spent. Did you ever try to imagine what that bueiness was? or that it had any relation to you and yours ? Has it ever occurred to ' you that there might have been a possible mistake about the terrible tragedy that brought such sorrow upon you ? I have had my doubts for sometime, and when, more than a year ago, I heard of a poreon in London, of whom your old servant knew, I followed up a clue, only to loso it again, and to hear of tho same person's doath out hear in Canada at the same time that I picked it up. I determined to seek out allthero was to be found, and I came here. You have borno sorrow bravely for many a year, bear joy now and hope for the future as bravely. There was no- death on those cruel rooks — your sola is alive, and within a very short time from your reading this letter you will alusp him to your heart again. I will not waste words on congratulations. You know 1 sympathise with you most fully ; I will bring him baok to you instead of talking. You may thank an old man named Luke Scantleborry for Eric'b lifo. Ho was an eye-witness of all that passed on tho rooks that day, and at the risk of his life he rescued yonr boy. If Lady Winifred had not been so frightened, and the other person who was there so intent on getting away quiokly, they could not have holped seeing all that took place. Luke rowed Erio, not knowing quito whether he was alivo or dead, out to a fishing smack — ho will tell you whose, and he was taken to Marazion, aud from there got away to London as soon as ho was well enough to travel, for ho was badly hurt ; there he presently joined the fire brigade. Mrs. Bruce and Miss Rivers (you see I know all about that young lady) oan tell you more about that port of his history than I can. Ho was sent to Canada as one of the heBt London men, so you can be proud of hitn in that way, to teach soma teobnionl matters to the colonial men, and from there Mrs. Bruco and Miss Rivers got tho nows of his death. He was off duty, but a fire hap pened at which ho assisted with an acquaintance, who had donned his coat- in the hurry of thoir excitement — at leust, that is what I gather from what he can romemhor now, and who was killed by a falling wall, and buried with honours in stead of him. Erio was taken up insen sible, and convoyed to the hospital, where, coming to himself, ho lost all tho years that had passed between that other mis- bap at home and tho fire whero ho was struck down. He fell into the hands of one of the oleverest and most humane men that it was ovor ray lot to meet, to whom he was very useful, and who always felt that whut was wanting in his mind would como back to it some timo, and sot things straight. Eric fancied that Luke Soantleberry had somehow got him to America. I might never have discovered him, but that ono of his old comrades had seen him more than once, and fancied it was his ghost. I had been questioning the men, and they rather liked me, I think— anyway this one, a great soft-hearted giant, came to me with his troubles, and asked my advice. I suggested that I should go and seo the ghost, too. I did, and found Eric. ' Ho will toll you all about it himself. I had to wait some little time before I oould tell you the great news. "We were terribly afraid of tho effeota of . the shook. ' He was very ill indeed for a wook, but he is quite himself now, and I look to the voyage to set him up. I sari hardly blame him, poor lad, for hiding hiaiBcl? as he did. You know as well as I do what provocation there was. I think he is very happy in tho knowledge that things are different at home, and that his mother's lifo has been brightened by the presenoe of the woman ho. hopes to make his wife. The story of that love affair is quite a little idyl, whioh the two most concerned , must tell you for themselves. "We are bringing baok with us a comrade of Erio's, a right good lad, who also belongs to a good family, Frank Ilford by name. I dare say you have heard of them. His mother was a (Jranby of Taunton. I am going to set him on his legs again in London. The wild oats ore sown, and your boy and he are insepar able, like Damon and Pythias. Theobald will have sent you some money by the timo you get this. Gome to London, to Long's, and wait for us there. We will take train from Liverpool. Enclosed a notei from Lord Neath.— Yours faithfully, ' Fbanois Lots.' to re oontinubd to-morrow. 