A YORK HYPNOTIST. Frank Duncombe was the junior partner of Killick and Duncombe, solicitors, of York. Time was, not very lone ago, either, when tho firm had been, all Duncombes, fathers, brothers, and sons. But the father of the present Duncombe, having had a pronounced weakness for looking on the wine when it is red, had managed to bring the once flourishing business very nearly to ruin ; for the last three years, tho good people of the clique in which the Duncombes lived had watched young Duncomhe's career, with a friendly desire to see how soon his father's pet failing would show itself in him. Up to a certain Satur day in May the young lawyer had, however, shown no special charac teristic, except a marked apitude for business. On that particular day Ethel ICenyon had greatly astonished him by declining his offer of mar riage. Ethel Kenyon was a vicar's daughter. Sho wos pretty in spite of that fact, and stood in young Dun- combe's life as a concrete representa- tion of liespectabihty. Her people tried to push Dun combe's interests in the very topmost circles of York society; and— so "it seemed to the young man, at any rate — they even extended their affable back-pattings so = far as to distinctly encourage his atten tions to Ethel, Still sho had refused him. Her large, serious blue oyes had never wavered in the least, as. she had coldly . and distinctly given him his congti. He felt that his rebellion against her fiat was at the same time a rebollion against the respectably up right past of his life also. So, after a week's fuming, he, for the first time in his life, indulged just a little too freely in wine. Ho was walking h,ome on this second Saturday afternoo'., — the Saturday fol lowing his rejec tion by Ethel. To Duncomhe's unr usually bright eyes, his home — a sqr iarej green-venetianed house, at the encj 0f a long, level road , ; — seemed to rotreat as he advanced. Still ho kep't on his steadily straight, if somewb at slow, path, bestowing on the few.- acquaintances that ho met smiles c ,f whose unusual benevolence he wa' 3j luckily, unaware, and at last hu wo .3 at home. None knew better than he how dusty the straight, stiff dra- wing-room would he ; but at least th' are would he shade there and soli- $ ude. Ho put his hat and gloves on ? ehe hall table, and entered the darkened room with a revived conscious ness that at last his stiff legs might go astray at her pleasure. Coming but of the glare of the sun, the - room seemed almost dark. He groped his ' Way' to an easy chair, dropped into it, and, opening his eyes for the last lazy time before blessed sleep, he found that " another'pair of eyes were looking into his. At first he fancied, with a cold . i: shiver, that these brilliant black eyes . were an apparition,- due to too much wine imbibed. But, as he continued : to face them, he saw, gradually, in the \- gloom, that the eyes were set in a re- markably pretty feminine face ; there was a cream-colored summer costume below them, and an en-tout-cas lay across tho apparition's knee, clasped lightly by two ungloved hands. The young lady, whoever she was, spoke never a word. A delicate French perfume came over from her to Duncombe ; he could have sworn that her eyes wero aware of their own brilliant mysteriousness ; and tho half- darkoned room made the Bcene seem to bo a part of something intangible, mysterious and occult. " Who are you ?" ho asked at last, curiously, " I have been waiting for you for an hour." .The last two words had a stress on them. The girl's intonation was per- feet, and conveyed to Duncombe the impression that she was very young. " I am xgrry sorry that I have been away for that hour," said Duncombe. The girl's remark, that of an ordin ary client, instead of dispelling the air of mystery about her, seemed to in crease it. Why had she not called at the offices ? Why had she waited all this time in this dull, dusty room ? " Aro you ?" sho. said. He was stooping forward looking up at her. She, sitting in a higher chair, looked down at him with a bright curious scrutiny, perhaps guess ing something of his condition. "You — I called on business — but — " sho begun, letting her eyelids drop over tho bright eyes. " Called on business here ?" said Duncombe, throwing himself back in his chair. . He guessed her suspicions, but yet would scarcely allow thorn in his mind, because, being only in tho elementary state of intoxication, his own strongest mental conviction was that ho was perfectly sober. Yet his head would not follow any course of thought steadily, except tho feeling that he would liko to tell the stranger how pretty sho was. " Yes, I called here because I par ticularly wished to see you — not Mr. Ivillick." ' " Oh ! I'm very glad you did." Dun combe had sat up again now, and looked up at the girl's bright eyes. "You did right to come to me, hut it is past business hours," he said. "A lawyer can't talk business after 4 o'clock on a Saturday." " You can't," said the girl, gently. Sho seemed determined to thrive him to confess with his tongue what his eyes already confessed, as they looked up at. her. " Why 1 " he asked. "Because you need the sleep that you were just going to take when you saw me. Sit back and take it." Duncombe laughed. " Hot for the world," lie said ; " you'd go and leave me." She hesitated for a moment. " Sup pose I promise to stay here," she sug gested ; thon, with veiled eyes again, li you can trust me witu tno onc-a- brac and the furniture." "Do you want to hypnotise mo ? " he asked. He had taken Iter hand in his now, and his voice had a distinctly caressing tone. The girl laughed. " Perhaps I do," sho allowed. Duncombe possessed himself of her other hand and looked into her eyes with what he fondly felt to be a gaze of steadiest penetration. " I wonder what you do want, and who a nd what you aro," ho said. She returned his look with a tender, half-melancholy light in her 'eyes, and said, " I — I'm a stranger." Then he stooped his head rind kissed her hands- " Not now, are you?" lie asked. She made a half-hearted attempt to draw her hands away. "I came to you on business, and you treat me to folly," she complained. " Why ' folly ?'" Duncombe asked rapidly. His brain had got on a steady tack now. The wine in his head Wd, after the manner of strong liquors, found an outlet in romance. " How do you know it is folly ?' " ho demanded. "Why shouldn't we fall in love all in a minute ?" The girl withdrew her hands with a light laugh. " How very — very ab surd," she said slowly, and so softly tha.t each word sounded like a half- mocking caress. Although the room was so dark, Duncombe could see that the dark eyes were smiling at him, and a faint suspicion that something might be wrong with him, and that thestrai-go,' was aware of it and laughing at lnm, made him more romantic by way of protest. " Not absurd at all,'' he said decidedly. " Falling in love is ' always a thing of a moment, however many years of indifference pre cede it." " Nonsense ! It doesn't happen at all, either in a moment or ever." " Your eyes tell a different tale," averred Duncombe, boldly. Ho had possessed himself of her hands again. His last hit was a good one. The dark eyes, modestly veiled again now, had looked at him with caressing tenderness, while the girl's words had been coolly provocative. " I should like to kiss you," suggested Dun combe. She gave her right hand a little twist that- apparently meant nothing ; but Duncombe left loose of her hands of his own freo will, in order to put his arms round her waist. She rose and he rose, too, and kissed her. Then sho put her head on his shoulder. " You think you loveme,I suppose," she whispered. "I am. ready to prove it." Dun combe drew from his waistcoat pocket a little case, from which lie took a ring, set all round with large and exceed ingly beautiful pearls. " May I put it on?" ho asked with great gravity. It had been intended for the vicar's stately daughter, and possibly that fact gave Duncombe an extra pleasure in offering it to this stranger, who might be anybody or nobody. "Are vou in earnest?" asked the girl, softly. She had raised her head from his shoulder, and was looking at him with smiling eyes that finished tfie conquest, " Am I in earnest ?" lie asked. He slipped the ring on her finger by way of answer. " You littlo stranger, will you he my wife ?" His gravity was increasing, till it was almost paternally that he held her in his arms. "Yes, if I may," she whispered, meekly. She stopped his kisses, and pushed him gontly into a chair. Then she knelt by his side in an attitude that he ecstatically felt was grace itself. " My name is Dolores Vincent," she said, " half Irish and half Spanish, like my parentage. I am staying in York, and came hero on business." She paused for a moment — perhaps remem bering that her business had been merely to deliver a letter entirely un connected with herself — then went on with great seriousness, "I am not going to tell you all about myself to day, because it would take too long, and I must go directly." "Not yet," interpolated Duncombe. "Yes, I must go now." Sho rose, and took up a hook from the table. " Will you give me this ?" she asked, turning over the leaves to tho fly page. It was a copy of " Tho Language of Flowers," and bore tho name of Dun- combo's mother. " Will you put my name in it?" she asked, prettily ; "and write something mice about me. That is why I want it." "Yes, I will write tho nicest thing possible," said .Duncombe, fired with a bright idea, He took an ink-pencil from his pocket ; and, while she looked over his shoulder, lie wrote, " To my dear littlo wife, Dolores Vincent." " Put tho date and your name so that I never can forget the day," whispered the girl's voice at his elbow. He finished the inscription; and together thoy watched the ink dry. "Pay mo for it," demanded Dun combe. "I can't think how," laughed the girl, giving him the very slightest and coldest kiss. A slight wonder crossed Duncomhe's brain at the coolness of her face com pared witli his. He had a misty im pression that it was not the right stato of things under the circumstances. But, if her kiss were cold, the look in her eyes was perfection. " Do let me hypnotise you,'' she said coaxingly. " I can, and you aro so tired." She stroked his. hot head with her cool, soft littlo hand ; and the imme diate relief that it brought to Dun- combo, small though it was, made him realise how very pleasant it would ho to bo sent to sleep in that way. "Put your head back against the chair," commanded Miss Vincent. She made her hand-strokings moro scientific. In a few minutes he was conscious only of something very soft and cool and gentle on his forehead, then he was asleep. # # It was ono in the morning when Duncombe awoke. ' The household hqd, apparently, retired. The room rtnf. nnlw nnnl link f>rJrl nnrl full ftf tho most extraordinary memories. What had occurred there, not very long sinco ? From whero had ho got a vision of bright dark eyes that he was sure belonged to none of his old acquaintances? Ho felt in his waistcoat pocket for tho pearl ring. The case was there but no ring. Then he lighted the gas and looked about the room. On the floor lay a dainty handkerchief. He picked it up: and saw tho initials "D.V." em broidered in one corner. He turned to the table and saw that "The Lan guage of Flowers," with its faded scarlet binding, was gone. He stood , under the blazing light of tho chande lier trying to disontangle the extraor- dinary memories that crowded together in his brain. But he felt that his efforts, if crowned with suc- . cess, would probably prove unpleasant, and he went to bed to escape them. When Sunday dawned, however, memory was more aggressive. It was a fact that Duncombe was an engaged young man, engaged to someone whom lie had never seen before — had not, in deed, clearly seen now. This someone had his pearl ring, and a book con taining a signed testimony to his pro mise, sufficient ground to make matters pretty disagreeable for liiiii. In this first revulsion of feeling all ideas of romance naa raaea utterly, a rue, ne thought, sometimes, as he lay on the couch that Sunday morning, moment arily expecting a 'visit from the stranger, or some message from her, that perhaps the affair might bo a true hill. Plainly lie might have captured the fancy of a blushing young ingenue, or, worse still, of an elderly devotee of sentiment, who might come in on him this morning with, perhaps, a hunch of roses for him, and wearing an ill- fitting gown and a pronounced blush. He groaned and tossed about, listen ing with terror for the ringing of the door-bell. But nothing occurred to break the Sunday stillness. When 12 o'clock came the inaction had become unbearable. Duncombe bethought him self that the fair unknown, being a visitor in York, would very probably be at the Minster. Thither he went and watched the congregation come out ; but lie saw nothing of a pair of eyes that matched tho image in his mind. One thing ho did see that involuntarily produced a slight reaction in his mind in favor of his mysterious fiancee. This was Mrs. Kenyon and Ethel, and the -two sisters. Thoy walked in twos, carrying very large prayer-books; and, to Duncomhe's irreverent fancy, it seemed that they formed a storming phalanx, making so confidently for heaven, that it was impossible to imagine their being refused admit tance by St. Peter or . anyone else. These prayer-books, really very large ones, dwelt in his fancy all day. To his great surprise, Monday morn ing's post brought no message from Miss Vincent. Nor did succeeding posts. From a fear of seeing her, Duncomhe's mind passed to a desire to see ' her, and then, as the days passed without any sign, to a belief that lie had been the victim of a common adventuress, whose object had been that vice that in an adventuress is called theft, and in an aristocrat is known as kleptomania. Still, ho remem- bored that Miss Vincent had sent him to sleep, and so had had opportunity for stealing much more than a pearl ring. Yet nothing further was gone; and there was the exceedingly clever trick of the inscription in tho book to con sider. He had seen nothing of her when Thursday came ; and that morning brought him a little pink note asking him to go up to the vicarage for an afternoon at tennis. He felt that any thing would he a relief from his con stant futilo surmisings about Miss Vincent ; and so he went. It was the kind oi afternoon that delights the soul of. a tennis devotee— clear and warm without being hot. The vicarago grounds were thronged with light- coated males and light-dressed females. There was not a single patch of dark color that Duncombe could see, as ho stood watching the throng alone for one moment, until someone touched his' shoulder lightly from behind. He turned rapidly and saw a black dressed girl with dark eyes. It was tho girl who had annexed his pearl ring the week before. " Will you come with me ? I wish to speak to you," she said. She turned and walked away, appa rently pretty certain that ho would I follow. She led him round tho side of the ltou30 to the back, through a i.inall shrubbery into a sunin .-house that stood there in a field. As lie followed her Duncombe gathered his startled senses togethersijfficiently to notice how unusually well she walkod, that thepoise of her head was carelessly fine, and that the black dress bore tho hall-mark of Paris. By the time they had reached the' summer-house he was sufficiently him self to have come to the rapid conclu sion that he must reverse the order of tilings, and make himself master of the situation, if possible. Thoy seated themselves at opposite sides of the small table, and Duncombe had to acknowledge that his former hazy impressions of his companion's beauty wero by no rneanB above the mark. Her clear, dark grey eyes — almost black — were, at this present moment, conscious of their own power. The pure whites of them and the level eyebrows above gav-6 her face its look of youth. Her skin was smoothest cream, and her lips — a trifle thin for beauty — wero redeemed by the regular white teeth within, and by tiie firm, round chin below. She drew a book, well-known to Duncombe, froin her poeket, and opeued it at tho inscription, "To ray dear littlo wife, Dolores Vincent, May 8th, 1890. — Frank Duncombe." How clearly lie could- read it, though the width of the table was between them. " You Wili wonclef that you haven't seen me before .this," Miss Vincent began; There was a half smile in her eyes as sliei watched Duiicombo coolly. "But I couldn't come, and writing; would have been no use.' ' The man of law was silent. He OtiiW lllUuallu lluU bulUuuilul LUUiU l;U atvj f ' and was anxious that she should show . as much of her hand as she would. His ! fear of a sentimental scene was dying; rapidly; " l am Mrs. Kenyon's governess — governess to the two younger girls,'' went -on Miss Vincent. "That is, ostensibly I am. 'Really, I am an ad venturess; that is the name you give! it. My parents are dead ana I have! no friends that I care for. I ara seek- ; ing what fortune I can' get." She had been looking out at the trees during these remarks, but now she turned her eyes scrutinisingly on Duncombe. He was watching her too, making mental observations. They were quite silent for two or three minutes, and then the girl withdrew her eyes with a smile. She was baffled. She had made sure that the failing that had put tho young lawyer in her power was not habitual with him ; she saw power of some kind in his face, but what she especially wished to discover — how he was affected by her — she found herself foiled in. The combatants felt that there was a momentary lull in hostilities. Both wore wide awake ; and each saw that the other was under no disadvantage of sentimentality or want of savoir faire. Miss Vincent put the little hook on the table, inscription up. " It is a telling thing," she said, smiling lovingly at the steady handwriting, that showed np signs of its writer's one- time irresponsible state. " And — to put it shortly — I want to know what price you will pay for it? " "Suppose I say 'nothing,''' sug gested Duncombe, idly. " Then it would be a breach of pro mise." " I was scarcely responsible, and a good many people knew it," he hinted. " But it would be a terrible scan dal," she said softly. " The irrespon sible state, by itself, would injure your business — under the special circum stances of the case — immonsoly." So she had been studying his ante cedents. " Hpw much do you want ?" asked Duncombe. smiling. " A hundred pounds." He knew, in spite of the admirable simulation of indifferenoo in her eyes, that she was watching, carefully, to note if he looked relieved or taken aback at the amount. She saw nothing, hbwever. " For a hundred pounds I would return the book to you," she said, " and promise to sell the ring where it won't he likely to turn up in your . circle or Miss Kenyon's again." So she had heard that little bit of news, too. "T shall not be likely to stay here' long either," she said ; "and, of course, I would undertake to tell no one." " Haven't you told anyone?" in quired Duncombe. He was anxious to keep her talking until his intentions should settle into shape. " One friend in London," she answered, serenely. "It was neces sary, you know." He laughed a little and then : watched her silently. An involuntary vision of Ethel Kenyon's big aggressive prayer-book danced- before his eyes. This girl's forehead, clear and smooth, argued to his mind that she had as yet gone but littlo in the adventuress line. . He wondered whether her mental outfit would not be much more likely to prove useful for nn ambitious lawyer's wife than would the rigid traditions and prejudices of a certain placid-eyed lady who carried a big prayer-hook. He could re member that that blue-eyed lady's intellect had been solidly heavy in its movements in certain conversa tions that ho and she had held in times past ; while hero was a girl who had wits as clever and lambent as summer lightning. Moreover, she had grace and beauty, refinement, and — a past. There was the rub ; for pasts, though dead, have ghosts ; and Dun- cumhe knew how mercilessly a wedding will rouse up ghosts from either side. There was the certainty of a scandal— a small one — if they two remained enemies ; there was tho possibility of avoiding ono if they married, And — it was possible that this inducement was a much stronger one than Dun combe fancied, for he was mortal — the girl was very tempting in the beauty that crowned her from top to toe. Miss Vincent had been occasionally watching him and occasionally the dancing loaves outside as he pondered. " Where is the ring ?" he asked. Sho drew it from her purse and showed it to him. "Why don't you put it on?" She paused, ring in hand. "Don' you think," she asked, with a slight irritated ruffling of her oven brows, ' that as a gontlonran to a lady" — she was smiling now — ." you owe me straight speaking in return for my straight speeclt ?" " Exactly," agreed Duncombe ; " I want to see you put the ring on ; or, . if you prefer it, I'll put it oil . again ; | or, better still, I'll got you another, i because, as you are aware, that one was intended for another lady." "You mean you wish the engage-, mont to stand ?" sho asked, slowly. " Yes, that is what I mean. If there is any breach of promise it will he I who shall bring the action. I repent my offer of last Saturday. Will you be' my wife?" At last the cool face of the girl was : unquestionably surprised. She was silent, however, considering the unex-, peoted question. " You see I am very pretty," she said, hesitating. Duncombe was silent. Was it pos- siblo that her calculating composition, . like this, was influenced it. some slight degree by good looks ! , . "I bolieve you are clever and will: rise much higher than this," she said, waving her hand contemptuously to wards tho city. "So, in tdie belief, that you'll do so, I copsent." , 