i ifisli aAd Foreign. A Brazilian man-of-war lost in the Red Sea. . Belter inquiry for foreign wheat in London. Corporal punishment for females abolished in Siberia. i Cardinal Moran has had a special audience with the Pope. Mr Gladstone warmly praises English labor members of Parliament, Believed in London that the financial crisis is over. Feeling hopeful. Further fall in value of the rupee. More taxation probable ior India. English forces in Egypt to be reduced again. Things quietening down. Lord Salisbury going on a special visit to Belfast, Great local excitement. French naval squadron to be sent to the coast of Siam as a demonstration, Mr Asquith, Home Secretary, won't re lease Gilbert, the American dynamitard. Imperial Government decline to submit a fresh programme of naval construction. Madame Melba signally successful in I Pagliacci in LondouT. A novelty in Lon- ; don. The Supreme Court United States de cides that the Chinese Exclusion Act is legal. ; J ; The Rev . W. CI Smith appointed Moderator of the Free Church of {Scot land. ' Railway accident in Ireland on the American plan. Tram thrown into a river. The Chicago Exhibition to be opened on Sundays. Grant of Congress Lf>00,000 forfeited. Duke of York and Princess May en thusiastically received at the Imperial Institute. Further check of the French in Siam Several officers kiiled, ditto many Annamites. The Earl of Aberdeen succeeds the pre sent Earl of Derby as Governor-General of Canada. Reported that several leading Glad- stonian politicans in Birmingham have seceded. The French Government don't intend to increase the duties on Australian products. - The late Earl of Derby leaves LI. 800, 000, of which LI, 000,000 go to his widow. Delegates from a million miners meet at Brussels. The Geordies object to eight hours' law. The Italian Ministry resigns. Their estimates were rejected by the Chamber of Deputies, owing to one Minister's un popularity. Messrs Rothschild reported as taking acceptances on the Commercial Banking Co., Sydney. Suggestion made in London that Vic toria should renew the loans shortly be coming due. Madame Melba, to sing in Sooth America for 22 nights at L880 a night. Oh, ye notes ! Unregistered Chinese in the United States, 96,000. Would cost a million to deport them. The Cabinet at Washington decide that 1 it is impossible to carry out the Chinese Exclusion Act. , I The Socialists in Germany are contest ing 280 out of 397 seats in the Reich stag. Ominous. A terrible landslip 111 Norway. Forty farms disappear into the ground, a hundred lives lost. S Trouble about the Relief Fund for Irish evicted tenants. Reported that very few have been helped A platform gives way at the Women's Congress, Chicago. Seventy persons in jured ; eight badly. Lord Randolph Churchill says. Hoine Rulers prefer plunder and oppression to good government, Eteaoh. Chamber. Nearly un trade mark this. %<b»ey The " Daily News," London the Australian Eleven. Worth t88® best traditions, etc. tha Heavy floods in Ohio and Penned . U.S. Enormous destruction damage to, property. » 04 exploding m a crowd. Agitation in Germany over tho a Bill increasing. Prince Bismarck be in veil# 1 Opposition. The Canard liner Campaniastearnsfr New York to Liverpool in 5davs !=» hi Shortest time recorded. 5 The barque "Templeton" meets f<w . weather iu the Atlantic. Ten sailotS1 ried away with a yard. " United States Methodists are hold a humiliation day to secure £2 treatment for the Chinese. The Chinese Prime Minister threaten to expel Americans from China if Chines are expelled from America. The Emperor William tells Germanv that the existence of the Fatherland de pends upon the Army Bill. The Rev. Marshall Lan» annoinua Moderator of the Church of England Visited Melbourne a few years ago. " Mr Balfour's nnnstitiicm+o -n . Manchester, pay the expenses of the late election petition against him. Sir Roland Williams bankruptcy jud»e London, looking after the interests b0f English creditors of Australian banks. Supporters of Home Rule met in Hyde Park on Sunday. Nearly a quarter of a million there. Enthusiastic, but orderly, The French Press still savage over the Egyptian occupation by England. The sons of Pharoah themselves are quiet, among their bulrushes. Lawyers and accountants meet in Glasgow to protect interests of Scotch depositors in Australian banks. Cure may prove worse than the disease. Uneasiness has been created in the Public Service in consequence of an an nouncement purporting to be made with official authority, that the Government had under consideration proposals to further reduce the number of public ser vants employed in the departments, as well as their salaries. A special meeting of the Council of the Public Service Association was held on the 18th inst. In the unavoidable absence of the Presi dent. Mr R. L. J. Ellery, Mr A. M'Far- land, the Deputy Registrar - General, occupied the chair. The Council, after prolonged consideration of the business before the meeting were unani mous in their opinion that it would be a deplorable step, at this j uneture of the colony's history, if the policy were adopted by the authorities of compub sorily 4 4 retiring" officers who had not yet reached the statutory age of retirement, and who were competent to perform their duties. The service was being rapidly reduced in number through the constant occurrence of vacancies, which were not being filled, and through no new appoint ments having for a long time past been made. It wa's resolved to embody the views of the XJoimcil in a letter to the Premier, We regret to have to record the death of Mr Charles Mallet Cornish, which tooK place on 18th inst. at his residence. Nichol son street, Abbotsford. Mr Cornish was connected with the mechanical depart ments of the Melbourne Press since the 4 4 Fifties," having joined the >;Age,J staff in 1856, and continued in that ser vice for upwards of thirty- four years. Subsequently he toox charge of the mechanical department of the 44 Daily Telegraph," occupying that position until that journal ceased P11 cation. Mr Cornish was highly esteemed professionally and personally by a large circle of friends and acquaintances, bota tor his abilities and his kind-heartedness. His loss will also be extensively felt among Freemasons, of which order he was a con sistent and respected member. In the Uounty Uourt to-aay ju«yc y"— ley decided in favor of the appellants m case Pender Grove Estate v. >«orthco Council, heard last week. The Jajua was reduced from L300G to L17'-l> Ml , costs against the Council. Mr Best appear for the appellants, Mr Herald for the io Council. . A professional mail well known U !L bourne has caused a mild sensahon y disappearing from the busy whirls ol : _ / life iu a ghost-like fashion. whatever are entertained aS the gentleman's safety, arid rum has it that one or more inconq? business transaction® may account 0 _ sudden vanishment. Entire prevails as to the missing ones J. abouts, and nothing has been hear him since he was last in evidence a fortnight ago. th« G.B., writes In nis desire to W" people on the land it is to » nneln« that the Premier will look beyond. foiloWing ployed and their agitators- paragraph from th« Sydney . g0g correspondent at Narrandera wi 1 ple cient forewarning that , there are _ -jpiial. in thg. colony of Victoria, w desirous of securing land aB extract settlers. The following 18 " f Yi< alluded to: — "Several farme- dcrioS toria have passed through the the week looking for iand m tms They state that there is »ofcJi(£ for the Victoria to enable them to p therefor , grown up tomilies, and tb y toreed tocome Into New South latger areas." - 