THE BOROUGH CUP. (To THE EDITOR OF THE HIIORSAM TIMES.) SIR,--I said in my last that I would give the pedigrees and performances of all the candidates after the acceptances came out. I see the race will be quite of an interna tional character, as England, Ireland, Scot. land, Wales, Australia anl Dixieland will be represented. The first on the list is Finance, by Vnlcan from Mrs Loch. This horse has always run into a place since the Cup was presented to the Horsham people, but since the stable was reconstructed he has gone off his old form. has not taken kindly to his training, and the touts tell me he is quite off color. No. 2 is Stump. jumper, by Stripper from Hawkeye. This is an honest, good little horse, in very fair condition, and is bound to run well forward. No. 3 is Reformed, by Temperance from Blue Ribbon. Although aged, he has gone through a most careful course of training and has pleased the touts and his friends by his most consistent performance. The public should keep their eye on this rare stamp of a little horse, as he can go the whole distance and will be there, or very handy, at the finish. No. 4 is Retired, by Dusty from All Hot. This is not only a grand horse to look at but a beauty to move. It would be hard to find a fault in him, but I think he has not been long enough in training for such an important event. However, you never can tell till the num bers go up, and his friends are very sweet on his chance. and say " he can win with a bit up his sleeve." No. 1 Is Friday, by Sambofrom Lucyanna. He isa big, lanky horse with a lot of daylight under him and is rather coarse about the head. He shows the whites of his eyes and ivories too much to be safe near his big hoofs. After I saw him doing the Criterion Cup distance which was a good pipe opener-on Wednes day I came to the conclusion that he is a roarer, or, to use the stable vernacular, he is ' a real ringtailsnorter," and his action is so high that I think he will cry "enough" befre he goes a iile. The touts say he could not win with a postage stamp up. No. 6 is Pure Grit by Ulster from Little Shamrock, and is what is known us a "little big" horse. He ran a good second for the Adelaide G.N. Steeple and won the Cray fish Stakes several tites before coming out last year for the Cup, for which event he ran a great race when out of all form. He is a different horse now, as he has gone through a long and careful preparation; in fact he is in the very acme of condition, fit to run for a man's life. I think so much about his speed and staying power that I have backed him down to my last pair of boots and socks, and you must acknow. ledge that if he does not run up to my ex pectation it will be a real skinner for NIMROD'S GHOST. P.S.-Your readers may expect the straight tip in Tuesday's issue from the GHosT. 