SHORT CHAPTERS FROM COLONIAL HISTORY. No. ir. bligh. " Nolly Bly " is about the first tuue this colony learns to play on tho piano, Governor Bligh was tho first Governor the colony learned to do without. Tlioro is evidently a coincidence hero ! Bligh was sent out by the Lords of tho Admiralty in a' vessel called tho Bounty to collect bread fruit trees for planting in the West Indies. Tho Lords ovidently wnnted to convert thoso islnnds into a kind of natural bnkchouso, where every man could be his own labor agitator, and sitting under his own bread fruit tree supply himself direct with " turnovers," " twists,'.' and "double trees," without being under tho unpleasant necessity of dodging tho baker's bill. Tho weight of tho loaves was presumably to bo regulated by Act of Parliament. Tho Lords would have tho sunsliino subject to Act of Parliament if it wero possible to do so. Tho crew of tho Bounty being, accord ing to Dr. Lang, desirous of having a long honeymoon with tho copper-colored beauties of the Pacific, turned Biigh and his officers adrift in tho long boat and tiion Spurned their country with their rebel bark, And fled her as tho raven fled the ark. A number of tho Bounty mutineers fouud their way to Pitcairn Island and began to hold a jubilee. They " wooed each dusky maid," and mado liquor out of weeds for want of better malerinl. By their mis tresses they begat many children and, drinking themselves into a glorious here after, left tho mothers to consolo them selves, as widows do, with their " weeds." Thero is a joko liore. Bligh reached tho island of Timor, and becauso ho had so cluverly contrived to escape a watery grave, tho " lords" thought that ho would make an excellent Governor for Now South Wales, where there was little or no water to bo obtained at that period. It was all rum. Bligh uudertook to put tho rum traffic in New South Wales down. This was a serious interference with tho rights and privileges of tho fathers of our present nobility. They bad mado rum tho cur rency of this young land, and d d if they were going to seo the coinage debased by an upstart Guvnah, don't- clier-kuow ! A merchant, by name Macar- thur, was tlio first -to rebel against the iupprcssion of tho rum trade. This heroic person, who should bo classed " among patriots liko Brutus and Johu Brown, Kt6od upon tho burning deck and de fied Bligh and his authority. Such cool, unconcerned heroism in It just and holy cause has seldom been seen in history. Macarthur was arrested, and tho Crown Prosecutor, an attorney, who had been transported for perjury, drew up his in dictment. Macarthur was supported by the sires of several Potts Pointers, and by Major Johnston, the officer commanding tho New South Wales corps. Just hero a word should be written about this valiant body of bandy-legged heroes. Their valor in boarding a hogshead has never been equalled in tho British army, and they were as amorous as they wero bravo. No convict woman ever escaped them. It is a fact that syphilitic sores have been dis covered in tho roofs of the mouths of Egyptian mummies, but if tho bodies of tho New South Wales coips were to bo disinterred and examined God only knows what might be found on them ! Tho Soudan Coutingont earned a reputation for ornate blasphemy of the indigenous or Colonial kind, but it was only a shadow of a dopartcd glory that onco illuminated tho daily path of tho New South Wales corps, and made thoir lives ouo long, beautiful curse. The corps, having a largo interest in tho rum trade, liko true warriors stood valiantly by Major Johnston, and a second mutiny was arrangedagainst Bligh. " Rum or Deatli " was tho password to tho conspirators. Tho necessary arrange ments having beon completed, the dauntless band (half of tliem gloriously drunk), with Johnstone at their head, marched on Government House. Tlioy mot with 110 opposition, and emboldened by this, dashed upon tho cooks and chambormaids anil made them prisoners of war. It has been said that Bligh was found under tlio bed by Johnstone. If Bligh was under tho bod, it is extremely unlikely that Johnstone would have had tho courage to look for liim there. Tlio oflicors of tho corps secured tho Governor, and put a guard over Government House. Bligh had no tiuio to count the tablespoons. Ho was deposed from authority, and John- stono appointed himself Governor of Now 'South Wales' in his stead. He should bo known in history as tlio Ruin Governor, and liis torm of offico as tlio Hum Supre macy. Jolmstouo took advantage of tho opportunity afford liim as Governor to grunt himself several thousand acres of land of tlio best kind and in tho best localities. A man offered mo some of this very laud, 20 miles from Sydnoy, at JffiO an acre tho other day. I said tho land looked to bo good land, but it was dirty. Besides, I was afraid it might bo haunted by the ghosts of convicts that Jolmstouo flogged to death or gibbeted in tho good old days. | The title of tho land was all right, too. B When Jolmstouo bad beea duly installed in offico, tho civil and military oflicors of tlio colony assembled to give thanks to Almighty God for tho ovent. Tho Now South Wales corps always spoke? of God as if they wero on drinking terms with Him. The rum shops of Sydney wero also illumi nated in honor of tho evont, and tlio his tory-makers knocked off making history under tho auspices of Mars, to glorify Bacchus, and give honor to Venus. After giving honor to Venus, to quote an old medical gag, tlioy mostly paid a visit to the shrino of Morcurv. Tho N.S. Wales corps wero a salivated lot. Bligh was finally allowed to leavo tho colony, and Johnstone was eventually tried by Court- Martial nnd cashiorcd from tho British Army. Pictures of Johnstone can be seen in tlio Sydney Art Gallery. Wo glorify our heroes cvon unto tho third and fourth generation. Bligh was made a rear- admiral. Tho lords considered ho had gained enough experience in tho new city of Sodom, by tho shores of tho " beautiful liarbor," to lit him for tho post. Taking it all round, Bligh had a pretty lively time of it. What with Jolmstouo anil Macarthur and tho Bounty mutineers', the man's life was passed in, being taken prisoner and promoted by way of recom pense. Ho was about the best Govornor wo have had here, and the most vilified. If Duff turns out half a3 good ho will do. 