TERENCE O'DONOGETJa GHOST STORY. His first situation was cl1ainm2.11 to a survey party, the scone of whose labors was far away among the rugged hills, bouldered passes, and wild scenery of the'mountain raBges in tho North Gippsland district. Ho was a poor Irish boy,'new to the country, new to the customs, cow to the smart, trie!:;', colonial youths who outvied each other in the fabulous, stories they poured into his simple ears, and for the truth of which they so un blushingly vouched. And of all positions in the colony in which to start to gain his colonial experience, this one 0i cliainman to a survey party was the worst. He fell iulcj the hands of Philistines. Tliu day's work over, there was nothing to do but amuse themselves, so they would sit atound the camp fire and play games. The first night 7 f "-'I'1 hlTT, ~ T he yearned not for more garnea. they £2t him to hide spoons which they were to pnnrrh for. When he went o.way to ths first the second one was made red hot. Here turned and took it up, but dropped it with a yell of puis. Then one hid an egg on him,amidst assurances o? " no !->'!•:=•," which another w«s to search for. Where would he hide it 'i What better place than under the soft hat, and on, I'm afraid, the soft head of Terence O'Donoghue. There was it secreted. The searcher returned. He felt the pockets and sleeves 01 his dupe; ho even examined the boots. No, he could not find it.; but wait a minute. Here Down came a heavy hand on Terence's head—squash went an egc. Every night there was a ncv," experience; they called them "revelations." But though his stock of good humor seemed inexhaustible, once they went too tar, and caught a Tartar. One of thew, a lad named Charles Henry, produced boxing gloves, and Terence was in duced to don p. pair. With the usual profes sional touch, Henry shook hands with his right, and at the same time smote Terence on the nose with his left. This seemed manifestly unjust to the Irish boy'a mind, unillumined as to the etiquette of such things, and he " sailed in." Henry's scientific defence was as naught to the onslaught he provoked, and the blows rained on him with sledge-hammer force; and though I eauuot give a minute description of all thai, transpired, suffice it to say Henry was soon satisfied—that is, if anyone can gain satisfaction by being thrashed—and he was glad, indeed, to call ptcxavi. - But revenge had to come. The worm, with audacity inconceivable, had turned, but the worm cannot* be forgiven; however justified it may be, for turning. It must bo. punished, and it was attempted in this way. Terence had to journey to the iiulc town tnrco miles distant Up. Khov.ld go through a pbee lipmed Murderer's Pass. Id was here the body of a man named Foster had been found, a few months before, dead, with a knife buried in it up to the haft. The murderer had never been brought to justice. Foster was known to h?ve possessed a large stock oi jewellery, which he had been hawking ihrc-ugb the •teighborlu^d for some rime, prior to thu. The zealous Constable Henry, a terror to evildoers in the mountains, and the father of Cue youth I have alluded to, with tiie help of detectives from Melbourne, had scoured the country, arrested shady characters, searched selectors' houses, turned over, it seemed, every stone iu the locality, but i'iiUuu'.aUe. There was absolutely no clue, and I the old ssir, "murder will out," seemed, indeed, to be a broken one. It was past this place Terence had to trend his way, and though it was as yet early in the evening, his heart- stood still until his rapid strides left the scene of the tragedy far behind ; and he couid not repress the dread of the thought of the returning, whenthe night would be far advanced, and the time possibly the most awful hour oi midnigat. And well he might, for there, waiting for him, hour by hour, crouching behind a prone log, •vr^pped in a Sowing white garment, was his whilom friend or enemy, Charles Henry. The latter had a long wait. At first he was jubilant it the thought of Terence's terror, but afterwards, becoming gradually impressed with the lonely, desolate character of the ill-fated neighborhood, he felt anything but comfort able. Australians are not prone to such impressions, and are too matter-of-fact for ghostly fancies, and yet Henry felt a new, nervous, creeping feeling steal ing over him that would have gone far to make him abandon his croject were it not for the jeers he would certainly get from his companions on hia premature return to the camp. At iast he heard a sound of footsteps. Peer ing forth from hiding-place, he saw the form of a man approaching. In his excitement he did observe that the ."ten was more stealthy and the figure more bent than that of the young Irishman. "Is Terence mad," he soliloquised, as he saw the form suddenly bend low and enter 50me bushes. Then a- great stone was loosened and started ricochetting from boulder to boulder down the pass. The time had arrived, he thought, for repay ing his successful adversary. Rising on the log, his white robe glistening and ghastly in the moonlight, one arm extended towards the figure below him, the figures outstretched, he began in tones sepulchral and low. slowly and dis tinctly, the following Trords :— " Your hoar has corr.e Oh, man, I, the spirit of murdered Foster, have come to earth to seek " A terrible shriek broke thu stillness of the night—a scream oi anguish and terror—the hoarse wild cry that might come from the lips of a being hurled into the regions of unavailing despair. It fell on tho ears of the horrified youth. It rang through the glen and awoke echoes that were re-echoed in horrible combina tions from distant hills. Something impelled him away. Terrified beyond all measure he 9ed from the pa=3, through scrub and over ferns with the wild, unearthly sound - ringirig'in'his ears as though it would be a torment there -to the dav of his doom. The merry whistle of Terence O'Donoghue died away on his lips as he neared iiurderers Pass. As he expected, the hour was midnight, and he felt he would give a year of his young life to be past the horrible place. Terrible, old world stories of banshees and wlll-of-the-wisp he conjured up; tales of old women crouching around turf fires in bog-side cabins in a far away land, that made his breath come and go in short, quick gasps, and his heart sick with the remembrane<T. Coneeiv? his horror, then,. when he heard, proceeding from the. dark shadows of the pass, sounds weird and unearthly, unintelligible words, and inhuman multerings. He restrained the impulse tony. Dcesitfollow a nervous man is always a coward? No, certainly not. He paused and seeming to fortify his'simple ! soul with the sign of the cross he made, he en Ure3 the gloomy opining. The noises increased, ■strange, supernatural scratchings were-added to the other horrors. He bravely pushed aside the bushes, and there before him saw, no misty presence, no ghostly apparition, but the strange spectacle of a human . being, face downward, grovelling on the earth, hver and anon the bead would rise and the hands would be spas modically thrown out and the face turned away, a3 though thus to stave off"some 'expected at tack or repel soma horrible vision. Terence, thinking the man was one possessed, began to address some reasoning \v0rd3 to hiri, but the only effect of the sound of his voice to bring forth a peal of blood-curdling cries that human pen could not describe nor human eai'J enuuie. Tcrenco turned iway Kith the intention of hurrying to the camp, but had only proceeded a few steps when he met a party of the men coming therefrom. Without explanation he took them to -There the struggling v,-retch lay. "With much exertion they turned his distorted features to the moonlight, and a ray of light fell on his face. There was but one glance, and then there came a simultaneous exclamation from all—"Constable Kenrv." But there was yet another discovery. Close beside where ha had been found they dis covered : a. large open trunk, filled with jewellery, and unmisrakably rcognisable as the property of the murdered hawker, Foster. And so the mystery was ended. Strange fate or chance had decided that this night above all nights should be the time for the guilt-stained wretch to return for his plunder. Stranfefate or chance had fixed' this meeting, face to face, of father- nua =«u, tins uenuuement' bv which the murdered man would be avenged though 'the" aeencv of his destroyer's owe t'eshand blood." ' * The gold-tempted Constable Henry has never regained his reason, and in a - lunatic asylum is still haunted by what hi3 tortured imagination conceives to be the avenging spirit'o'f his earthly victim. - . - ~ I —1 - " Charles Henry soon left Gippsland, never to return, and Terence O'Donogue, when I last heard of him, was the respected foreman of a survey party in the Tarwin River district. 