"HAMLET/ Bendigo had the opportunity of snaking tho ac quaintance of a new Hiiiniet in the person oi Mr. A'alter Bentley at the Princess Theatre on Saturday evening. Saturday is invariably a bad night for the Bendigo public, hence the audi ence was not as numerous as both the pro nounced ability of Mr. Bentley, and the capital support accorded him demanded. But though the audience lacked numerical strength, there was a gratifying amount of appreciation, and at times enthusiasm, the latter particularly at the termination of the play scene, whon the excitement -was artistically and powerfully worked up. Mr. Bentley's Hamlet savors somewhat of originality, and all through it bears the indelible impress w® capable and careful study. He makes the most of the im portant situations, the soliloquies arc impres sively rendered, and his sudden decisions as to his modes of procedure and his various miens | and moods are naturally and cleverly portrayed. Thus in such scenes as tiiose with Polonius or Ophelia, or Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, the mirror is faithfally hsld up to nature. Mr. Bentley is very earnest and bitterlv rcowerful in the celebrated closet scene with his mother, aids materially in the great climax at the close of the play scene, and is becomingly quiet or yigorous in the last act, aa the circum stances or occasion warrant. i^ltoojether jMr. Bentlev's impersonation is one of great merit He never misses a point and never seems to overstep the bounds of prudence. In the hands and under the guidance o£ Mr. Bentley the play is presented in a somewhat different guise .tQ-.t'na accustomed representation here. The opening scene on the castle ramparts, introduc ing the ghost, is dispensed with; the interesting interview betwesn Hamlet and Eosencrantz and Uuildenstern at the close of the play scene. fo'Iowsd by tUa szquisifco bit of fooling with Po!oniv~i, is also emitted, and the third and fourth acts are divided differently from the usual method. Nevertheless, the action of the play is in no wise interfered with, and the per formance ran smoothly and satisfactorily. It will be borne in mind that in the scene between Hamlet and the Queen, in which he describes " the counterfeit presentment of two brothers," it is customary for the portraits to hantr on the trails, or the principals in the nccnc to be -.roar ing medallions of the two kings, but Mr. Bent ley presents them in " his niir.&'s eye." All the various performers are cm fait with their parts, and the whole representation may be truthfully referred to as highly satisfactorily. Miss Lilla Wilde is graceful and generally natural as Onheli*., becomingly d'tHfnl and respectful to her father, necessarily emotional mth Hamlet, but a triflo over hysterical ia the mad scene. Miss Gladys Leigh 13 appropriately dignified as Queen Gertrude, and Miss Rita Aslin answers the requirements oi the part of the P'.p.yer Queen. As Kii!<j Claudius, Mr. H. Douglas proved thoroughly efficient, and Mr. L. M'Gowan's Polonius is in accord with tradi tion. Mr. B. M arshall speaks the lines of the Ghost clearly and impressively, and Mr. \V. South's First Player is of a meritorious descrip tion. Mr. A. Lucas is a vigorous Laertes, and Mr. E. Oris, v> Hnratio, owl Mew?. Wakefield and Sfoneham^ n.= Rnsepcrantz and OmMen stern, are all satisfactory. Miss G. Hamiitoc makes a crisp and saucy Osric, and the remain ing characters are carefully played. The courtiers, soldiers, pages, etc., are present in sufficient numbers to heighten the pit'cor while the scenery is nil new, appropriate, well arranged and excellently managed. Tims from tho arduous task not- only o£ impersonating the character or Hamlet, but- presenting a play | which ittAit&i; groat ueiuamls on the aum6i-ie.»l strength and ability of a company and affords a distinct and severe test of managerial capa bility, Mr. Bentley emerges triumphantly, and secures n.n introduction i-> th« iRcnuigo public which should beir good fruit during the rest of the season. To-night a double comedy bill lie presented, comprising " liiv.d Carries" r.nd -1 OranmoBd Bi'ij;.v V»"e umiriaiand lii.it as David Giimck. Mr p"--1 — tv.„ audicucos by storm in v.-U.Ucver town he has appeared, and as .lock Ilowieson in " Cram Vr;-_r■ ■ hi", rich voir. of Scotch wit and biiii,,rr lioiiig simply irre sistible. 