Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The wedding gifts of the City to the Duke aud Duchess of York have been on exhibition at the Guildhall. The service of silver comprises nearly 1.500 pieces and weighs 4275oz. A collarette of pearls and diamonds was the corporation's present fo the The Mayor of Croydon has been presented with a miniature silver cradle, a son having besn barn to him during his year of office. The German Emperor, while on a visit to Austria, attended a Protestant church and listened to a ser mon on the ' Blessings of Peace.' He wore a grey tunic with green facings and broad epaulets, a green leather belt, from which hung a hunting-knife, high boots aud spurs, and a Styrian hat with an enormous plume. President Cleveland's baby-girl is to be called Esther, his other daughter being named Ruth. Sir John Gilbert, R.A., who recently gave several of his paintings to the corporation, has been presented with the freedom of the city. Mr. Passmore Edwards, who has already given a large sum to philanthropic objects in his native county of Cornwall, has decided to erect a lighthouse on St. Agnes's beacon. The crinoline is not com iug, after all. The Paris dressmakers have decreed that skirts are to be only moderately wide at the base, and there is not to be the slightest attempt in them of a crinoline. A corset saved the life of a lady in Bordeaux. A bullet fired in a street quarrel struck the steel of her corset as she was passing, and, glaucing off, left her unharmed. Mr. Whitbread, M.P., having offered sixpence for every wasp-nest destroyed in his park at Soutbill. has paid £20, no fewer than 800 nests having been disposed of. Monday, September 25, was the centenary of the birth of Felicia Dorothea Brown, better known as Mrs. Hemans. The largest cargo steamer in the world, and in tended for the cattle trade, has been launched at Belfast. It is 503ft. long, GOft. broad, and has a depth of 38ft. A special officer has been appointed by the Indian Government to inquire into the agitation among the Hindus in Behar on the subject of cowkilling by Mohammedans. As a cow was being conveyed to a butcher's in Calcutta a few days ago it was seized by a number of Hindus and a row seemed imminent. Fortunately it was averted, and a subscription was raised to purchase the animal. Monday, September 25, being the anniversary of the relief of Lucknow, the survivors dined together at the Hotel Metropole. The census returns show that blindness is on the decrease, there being one blind person in England and Wales to every 1235 of the population. Eleven persons were shot dead and 19 wounded during an attack upon a prison in Virginia with the intention of lynching a negro who was accused of beating and robbing a woman. The negro was eventually dragged from the gaol by 20 desperate men, and hanged on the nearest tree. Several people in the Vienna Institute of Patho logy voluntarily swallowed the comma bacillus, and in no single case did Asiatic cholera ensue. Doctors in America advertised for a man who, in consideration of an indemnity of £1000, would sub mit himself to an operation that might end fatally. They received 142 applications. The doctors desire to cut open the stomach of the man, in order to study the phenomena of digestion. A firm in France have invented a process for turning old playing- cards into new by means of cleaning and renovation. The duty on each ' new ' pack is thus lost to the Treasury, and the Excise are trying to stop the firm's operations. Asa result of the scorching up of the hay harvest, the Belgravia Dairy Company announces that the i food and litter for its cows and horses for the next ' 12 months will cost it £4750 more than fie average, and it is accordingly compelled to raise the price of pure milk to 5d a quart. Four female slaves were recently publicly sold by auction in Morocco, regardless of the protest sent by the European residents to the Governor. A widow has just died at Boston Spa in her 105th year. Mr. Williams, of Ainersham, a well-known agriculturist, died from a scratch while dressing some lambs with a chemical lotion. Lord Rowton's London lodging-house is such a success that he has decided to erect a second one, A gentleman in Glasgow has just received a letter which his lady-love despatched to him seven years ago. It followed him across the sea, and had been travelling about ever since. The gentleman and lady have been man and wife for five years. Domestics are leaving Hampton Court Palace, be cause the ghosts of Henry VIII.'s wives are sup posed to haunt the rooms. A new boardroom for the London School Board has been erected on a site adjoining the old building on the Thames Embankment, at a cost of over £100,000. The Ardlamont estate, on which Lieutenant Ham* brough mysteriously met his death, was put up for sale in Edinburgh and failed to secure a bid. The upset price was £80,000. A wealthy Westmoreland landowner, while walk ing with his son in London, suddenly hailelacxb and drove off. leaving his soa on the pavemant. As a re sult of inquiries, the mlssiug mau wis discovered in one of the Lond jn workhouses. While digging out the foundation of some demo lished houses in Whitechapel, about two tons of human bones wera discovered. It is bslieved to have been the site of a plague -pit. A lion was choked in a circus at Ip3«rich while en deavouring to swallow a large piece of meat. A cormorant for several days took up its position on the weather-vane of Newark Church. A London shoeblack married, and with a family, was starved to death, his takings frequently baing only 4d per day. A 3 ve us old child wxs enticel away from its home at Uralforl by a strange woman. A couple of nights afterwards the child was deposited near its horns by a womxa with faie mumsl, who at once made off. The child was insensible, and was found to be covered from head to foot with bruises intermingled with burns, apparently made with a red-hot poker. 