AMERICAN FOOTBALL (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.). It is now some time since the American first took to himself the distinction of own- ing individual and national institutions other than those of his methods of com- merce and his manner of dining. He claims a school of art, owns, as we know, a distinct style in literature, and in archihec- ture has developed results quite as distinc- tive as Ionic or Gothic and infinitely more surprising. In the light of these events it is a pity that he does not acknowledge his theory of the game of football as his own. But it is still extensively referred to in the United States as an English game, and is by many people regarded as the crowning feature of a depraved Anglomania. Those of the inner circle, indeed, admit a simila- rity only between their rules and those known as the Rugby Union, upon which they consider they have improved. It is admitted on all sides that, played under the most favourable circumstances. and by men who would consider a loss of temper almost equivalent to a loss of honor, football under Rugby Union rules is a reasonably dangerous game. Played as it is in America, it seems admirably adapted for paying off old grudges, and proving conclusively that good-humoured pluck and skill are no match for savage brutality and irrelevant violence. To an aspirant for honours in the American foot- ball field we would say, "My son, learn boxing. Learn football also, if possible, but first learn the art of self-defence." Moreover, the pernicious practices are not exercised secretly (except with regard to the umpire), but are tacitly recognised as a part and parcel of the game. True, if a man is caught fighting he may be ruled out of the match. It is made a logical outcome of this law that six or eight re- serve men are always re?ly equipped to take the places of any I..,.ctel bruisers. The thinking man can and does easily im- prove the occasion. If he feels exhausted as the short winter afternoon is drawing in, he can watch until he catches, the umpire's eye, " slug" a diminutive oppo- nent, and have his place occupied by one seven times more wicked than himself. Or, being but a player of mediocre ability, he can yet provoke to a merry bout of fisti- cuffs one whose ability in the game is greater, and may thus bring about the re- tirement of both, sacrificing his own pawn self for the opponent knight. The American asserts that his game is the more scientific, which, from a certain point of view, is self- evident. At a match that raged last November between the Boston and Chicago teams, the lovers of this noble sport must have thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The head- lines of the daily paper inform us that " all society" was present, and that "fashion- ables viewed the contest." Almost at the beginning of the game "came the sound of hardened fists beating against flesh, and the shrieks of wild wrath." A little later we find that "fists are flying, and blood comes from nose and cheek."' By way of justification the reporter hastens to inform us in the next line that "pretty girls clap their hands exultantly." The players then appear to have lapsed into what must have been very like a game of football, but not for long, for they " got to blows again." At last the referee, who up to this time appears to have been contentedly " resplen- dent in yellow-kid gloves," interfered, and implacably ordered one of the heroes off the field, disregarding his ingenious argu- ment, " The ball was not in play, so you cannot object." This decision appears to have had some effect on the blood-thirsty, and comparative peace was not only re- stored, but for a space maintained. Interest in the game was here quickened by one player developing the curious faculty of "running like a ghost," a feat both novel and surprising, being, we believe, entirely without precedent. Hood has, indeed, left it on record that the wraith of one Bill Blossom "refused to walk," but that was because he was used to riding—he never even hinted at running. Small wonder that a player gifted with so weird a talent for locomotion "dashes by all oppo- nents." It must not be supposed, however, that the main feature of the game was to re- main long in abeyance. Indeed, the re- porter mentions with approval that " there had been a fair share of slugging up to this time." The players themselves seem to have felt that they had scarcely risen to the occasion; so, time being short, like the men-at-arms of brave Lord Willoughby, "beating up their colours, the fight they did renew." One of the Chicago team " to vary the monotony, went over " (off side, we presume), " and dropped" a Bostonion " with a swing in the jaw in truly Corbett style." Whereupon the damaged player arose "and began thumpping every Chi- cagoan in sight by way of retaliation," until, "just to steady him," someone "thumped him on the right cheek." And yet, with all this open to her, the American woman persists in feeling injured be- cause there is a law forbidding her atten- dance at prize-fights. Some people are never content. This list of casualties has not been pub- lished. But on one day (October 24) of the year 1891, we find, on referring to a newspaper of that date, a series of reports of football games from various parts of the country. At one game we read of eight players being knocked senseless, one hav- ing his ear cut off ; at another, three men seriously injured; and during the progress of a third one player had his shoulder dis- located, and another a finger broken. Six of the football team of a prominent Ameri- can college were, at the end of the '91 sea- son, inmates of a hospital. [The passages quoted are taken verbatim from the Chicago Daily Tribune, November, 1892.] 