A0TA. POPTJIal. ? ^r ? Bt the Flaneur. Advance Australia ! ' Let the kettle to the crumpet speak, the trumpet to the cannonier with out, the cannons to the heavens, the heavens to earth'— the Qaeen h&3 written a ' charming letter' to our own J. Henniker Heafcon ! This was in return for a charming speech which Hen niker's new ' ghost' reeled off in honour oi: ' fchafc illustriou3 lady who sits above us all a3 the omci. j-uti^iouLdiijy ul U1JLU xuaitu, iauu m iiiuli unu 'gifted Australian' recently delivered afc an aldermanic ' blow oafc' at Canterbury. Casting his prophefcie eyes along the bright vista of the future, 'J. Henniker' pointed out that our great-grandchildren would proudly boast that our Sovereign 'advanced her country to the very fore moafc rank among the nations of the earth,' and tell how she ' lived a pure, blameless, and an admirable life' (he forgot to mention her bound less charity), and how ' even in her advancing years she gave herself up to the conscientious dis charge of her high duties.' All this clearly proves that a3 a maker of ' taffy ' the new ghost is a thorough tradesman, and that ifc is impossible to make the sugary stuff too sweet or too strong fox the taste of our ' illus trious lady.' li our great- grandchildren ever think of Qaeen Victoria at all— it republicanism is eves: coming — ifc will be as a miserly old party who revelled in richec while thousands of her sub jects starved afc lies? palace gates, and aa one whose only assistance during the time of any great national calamity took the form of a letter or cablegram forwarded afc the State's expense. Posterity will also recogniza the fact that the Queen had no more to &\- wiEh advancing her oounfcry than she had wibh the building of the Ark. But she was extremely fortunate in securing the servicea oi sound sterling statesmen, and she had the good sense to allow them to steer the ship of State according to their own judgment. This mattes was smartly summed up by fchafc mysteri ous party the Chevalier D'ESon, who said—' So long aa a kingdom is under the domination of a woman all will go well, because ifc is then fchafc men will truly govern.' What a figure-head is to c ship co ia the Queen to fcho English Empire; wifch the exception fchafc fch.3 figure-head is gone rally moi'e comely and, a precious sight less ex pensive also. Catching on to another branch of his loyal theme J. Henniker said — ' Should Mr. Cleveland be elected President of the United States he will have the uncomfortable knowledge fchafc nearly halE hio subjects voted against his appointment, but I will venture to say that if through some adverse fate our Queen had to submit herself to election to- morrow her people would wifch one voice ratify her authority.' Ifc is sa£e to say fchafc there i3 no immediate danger of our ' illas trious lady ' resigning her ro3y billet ia order to tesfc the truth of Mr. Heaton's assertion. ' Our Gracious ' must bs quite willing fco take his word without any endorsement, especially afc a time , when her extremely loyal Orange subjects ave loudly threatening fco capsize fche Throne, fire out the Person, and kick fche Crown to fche bottom o2 the Boyne. All fcho oame, however, tho Queen haa written J. Hennika:: '? a charming letter stating she read his npsech wifch much interest and plea° sure,' and now I would like fco ask what are fche odds againot T.-Houuiker Haafcon baiag made a Baron, and then appointed Governor of JT. S. Wales ? This would be a oapital start in the way of raiGing our own Governors, but the danger ia ib would raise nomefchiag in fche ruc tions line as well. Tvvo of a trade seldom agree, and, therefore, ifc will not fill our readers with any great amount of surprise fco learn that painfully strained relations exist just now between those two gifted gabsters, Mr. Jawbone Neild and Mr. Ninny Mel ville. Mr. Noild complains that Ninny talks too much (which is a villainous failing in a man), and whenever a real born orator (Mr. E'eild, for in stance) rises to mako a ' few remarks,' fcho jealous little Chairman ignores his presence and givoa the right to fcho ' floor' to any other hon. member who bobs up to claim the privilege. Mr. Mel ville on his pavfc declares that he ia fcho very personification of impartiality, bnfc afc fcho oame tinip, fche aborting1 ol' John Canoiuo on a speech is a oaciouo matte,r, for no one can oay whether that speech or tho world itself will come to an end l first. Ifc ia like ofcarfcing a leak ia a mighty dam, pnd that, by tho way, is a word very frequently heard whenever- the Paddibgfcon paVty gets his well-oiled tongue in pood going order. Mr. Melville also complains that Mt. Neild! repeats himself too often, and the mora he talks on any given subject the more befogged bis; hearers become. This prompted a short-hand writer to report a chunk of Ninny's own brilliant oratory exasfcly as it was delivered, and it is alleged that the result ran as follows : 'The Hon. member may have thought he caught the eye of the Chair, but the Chair did nofc eee the hon. member. Therefore the Chair trusts the hon. member will submit to the Chair's ruling, as the Chair might otherwise ba compelled to take steps to uphold the authority and dignity of fche Chair, a course of action fche Chair would prefer nofc fco be forced fco roeorfc fco. I '— -(why fchis sudden change to the first peraon singular ?) — ' I would most rcspootfully appeal fco hon. members to assist the Chair in preserving ( Horder.' The Chair has been calling ' Horder ' till the Chair'8 throat is 'oarse.' Shades of fche oratora of old ! These are the ' Queen's English ' worriers who now fill the seats o£ Deaiehy, Dalley, Fureter, Martin ! Making one's will is aofc a very mirth Drovoking proceeding (especially when a person hag little or nothing to will), but still some per sons, endeavour to cram a little grim humour into fche business,, even though there can be no earthly chance of enjoying the joke afc all. A3 a moans of 'getting even' wifch obnoxious relatives and friends, fche malsiog of a will presents many opportunities, but it very rarely happens that a dying man will play up any tricko of fchi3 kin'd 3imply out of pure cuasodiiess alone. Something of the kind appears to bave been played eff ia London recently by a penniless pauper named Edward O'Cusa, who lay ver.'y ill of consumption in one of fche hospitals. A chari table lady and her daughter, while visiting iihe hospital, paid this aufierer some attention, and made him as comfortable aa they possibly could. The patient professed fco be profoundly gi'cteCul, and asked the lady's pernaission to will ,:3600 life insurance and whatever personal property he had to the daughter. Tho request was granted, and fche lacii'es took a deep interest in hia welfare, and had him removed to a private hospital, where he could have better attention paid to him. He had not been long in fchis hospital, however, when he altered hia will so as to leave baM of hie propei-fcy to tho kind nuraep, who, thereupon, nursed him with the utmost tenderness. Finally Mr. O'Ougs died, and there shortly arose a dispute aboufc the will between the laclies and fche nuraeo. A law. suit waa started, and it promised to be a highly perplexing and costly affair, when suddenly one of the lawyera discovered that fche practical jokes who had received so much kindly taeatmenfc waa nofc insured afc all, and po3£63sed no property of any kind whatever. I2 hio object wen to oecuj?e the best caee and attention going Mr. O'Cuss worked fche oracle very well indeed,, but if he ineroly wished to ' take a rise out of fche people ' he deserved to be buried in a hollow log benaath an In Memoriam ' pome ' written by Sir Henry Parkes or Alfred Allen. On long railway ourneys considerable confu sion arises (especially at holiday timea) afc the various stopping places from travellers, when hurrying back after wrestling with refreohmenta forgetting fche carriage and apartment they were occupying before they jumped out. They do thio kind of thing better in Paris, I believe, for every carriage on fche Paris and Lyons linpa baa a dis tinctive sign, such as an animcl, or & plant, execu ted in whifca enamel on a blue ground, so as fco facilitate fcho finding ef their carriages by tho p&BBengQVB.; Thio Guggesfca fcho borrowed idea fchafc ifc vsro.nl d certainly be a boon if our firofc and second oIgbe rail vj ay carriages were always recognisable by a distinctive colour and norae device libo the Parin-Lyona notion adorned ihp variouo carriage doors, oo that a neay-aifthted mala pacBenger wouldn't dart infco fche baEom of J fche wrong family after be haa ''fed to a finish' in one of those heltar-okoltoi', record-breaking refreshment-rooms along our railway Iine3. Per* sons accustomed to railway travelling may not aee any necessity for fchis, but to fche inexpe- ? rienced the adoption oS: fche French plan woald prove a decided boon. Beyond doubt tho king of indoor games is billiards, and bo long as ,fchs hoavy gambling elo° meufc is kopfc from ifc there can be no harm in asay one patronizing this scientific pastime. And iu billiards ifc would oe.em that a little colour reform is uecesa,p,ry aloo, 101; a diseuosion haa been cavi.'ied! on in the London Times oil lato aokiag v;hy fcho epot-white ball ia nofc black, brown, bine, o:,1 green ou' Rome othor coIoul* thafc vould roalio iy easy to disiiinfjuioh. Thia ia a very old gwev'oiico, however, and yet no one seems to bd ablo fco [jivo any sound reason why fche spoi- whifco ball choald be retained. The cmfcfcei: seems to bo an nbsu-s?d eoa« ventionality which occasionally leads to miatf&esi; and in. the interest of near-sighted peuaona alon^ ifc would seem that some marked distinctive coloufc Bhonld be adopted. 