PASSING- NOTES. By Faustini:. Thero were divided opinions as to how Rudyard Kipling would "go down "at tho Women's Literary Club on Monday evening. Because tho brilliant Rudyard, iu his work, both as regards subject and treatment, is, as Lady Burton calls her distinguished husband, a "spade-truth" man. Without confining himself to tho shady side of life like his great French contemporary, Zola, he deals with it frankly when necessary, esteeming it a lesser fault to offend ears polite than to make vice attractive by calling it pretty society names And the nverago woman doesn't like your "spado-truth" man. She thinks him a dreadfully vulgar creature, ami wants cotton-wool to stuff in her ears whenever ho opens his mouth. The half-hiiited-afc im morality of Algernon or Augustus renders him rather interesting than otherwise ; as long as it doesn't interfere with tho polish of his hoots, or the lovely droop of his moustache. But the immorality that gets drunk on bad whiskey, and nearly murders the " bloomin' cove" one day whose life he will save like an angel the next, shocks her beyond measure. She will have none of it. "Disgusting, horrid man ! " she says, returning to the pages of tho Family Herald, where the hero always looks like a tailor's advertisement, and never says any thing naughtier than " Mon Dieu !" — ("as if," remarks Max O'Rell, " the Deity only understood English,") — " to write about such things !" Ah, well ! it isn't her fault. She was born so. And it will take generations of training to make her understand that human nature is many-sided, and that nothing is common or unclean to eyes that are pure and unaftaid. That Rudyard Kipling, with his faults and his virtues, was warmly and unanimously appreciated at tho W.L.C. is a healthy sign. It shows, at any rate, that there are women in Sydney who can honor literary strength and honesty of purpose, even when unaliicd with familiar convcn- i tional methods. Speaking of literary clubs suggests an idea, A well-known French lady here, of artistic tendencies and considerable literary ability, is to give a course of lectures in her native tongue on French authors, besides a special one on Jean Francois Millet, the iLi-t.isr.. Thorn arn nuuiv Kmrlish women ill Sydney who speak Freuch — French that is growing rusty from lack of practice, and who, I feel sure, would he glad to assist in the formation of a club where only French should be spoken, aud French authors dis" cussed. With a cultivated and popular woman such as this Madame — I suppress her name until I hear further details of her lectures on literature, in case of disappoint ment — at tho head of such a society, immense progress might be made, and new fields for thought and study opened. Tho study of foreign literatures is a great factor in broadening one's ideas and giving a more cosmopolitan character to one's aims aud sympathies. Indeed, in these days a knowledge of French should be con sidered indispensable to any one of reading habits. The first attempt in the way I mention should be made with mem bers speaking French tolerably fluently. Grades might ho established afterwards. For women occupied in teaching, or who do anything in the way of writing, 44 A women's association for the study of French litera ture " would certainly he highly advan tageous. In a house whero things get mysteriously broken, it is convenient to have a eat, And in a city where rowdy meetings flourish, or particularly diabolical outrages against law and order occur, it is nico to have a socialist. There are socialists aud social ists, as there are Imperialists and Im- nerialists. A handful nf liirhnlnni, vmit.hu labelling' themselves socialists go and dis play their ignorance by disturbing a public meeting, denying to others the very right of freo speech tliey claim so hotly for them selves, The next day you hear of a drunken loafer heating his wife after an evening's anarehiciilspontiiignt the public-house. "Oil," you say, "liemustbe a socialist!" Youmightus well say thai because a certain member of the Art Society defied the bylaws at a recent meeting every man wiio defied bylaws must he an artist. It is u thousand pities that a small section of the party known as socialists damage their cause and their friends by occasional aggressive outbursts of party feeling and class hatred. But I can only bear witness to the fact that my short acquaintance with the Leigli llousu social ists as a body was in every way a pleasant one. I fouud them a courteous, kindly, highly intelligent set of mon, as far removed from tho bloodlhirsliness of " Ciusar's Column" as tho Utopian vagaries of Edward Bellamy or William Morris. I shall always have a friendly feeling for our Sydney socialists. And I shall never cease to say to their detractors " play fair." But I see their faults ; as a far greater woman than I, Mrs. Besant, saw those of tho London socialists, when she was becoming deeply interested in their theories. By this mail comes one of her latest utterances on the subject. First, she speaks of Mr. Hynd- man, with whose noted work most of us are familiar. Socialism has in England no more devoted, no more self-sacrificing advo cate than Henry Hyndman," she says, " A man of wide and deep reading, wielding most ably a singularly fascinating pen, with talents that would have made him wealthy in any career he adopted, he has sacrificed himself without a murmur to tho people's cause. , . . Personally, my debt to him is of a mixed character. He kept me from socialism for some time by his bitter and very unjust antagonism to Mr. Bradlaugh ; but it was the debate at St. James's-Hall that, while I angrily resented his injustice, made me feel that there was something more in practical socialism than I had imagined. ... It was a sore pity that English socialists, from tho outset of their movement, treated Mr. Bradlaugh so un fairly, so that his friends were set against socialists ere they began to examine their arguments. I must"confess that my deep attachment to him led me into injustice to his socialist foes in those early days, and often made me ascribe to them calculated malignity, instead of hasty, preju diced assertion. Added to this"— (the Sydney "socialists" who interrupted Mr. M'Millan's meeting would do well' to ponder tho following)—" their uncurbed violence in discussion, their constant interruptions during the speeches of opponents, their reck less inaccuracy in matters of fact, were all bars standing in tho way of the thoughtful. When I came to know them better I found that the bulk of their speakers were very young men, overworked and underpaid, who spent their scanty leisure in efforts to learn, to educate themselves, to train themselves and I learned to pardon faults which grew out of the bitter sense of injustice, and which were due largely to tho terrible pres sure of our system on characters not yet strong enough— how few are strong enough ! —to hear grinding injustice without loss of balance and of impartiality. None save those who have worked with them know how much of real nobility, of heroic self- sacrifice, of brotherly affection, there is among tho social democrats." Women are more "modern" than men. Who ever heard, even in these days of advance, of a woman antiquary ? Tho question sounds like a contradiction. In terms, no doubt it is; but, after all, isn't, raking among the relics of the past rather a modern tendency ? A male tendency, I might add, or why my involuntary surprise when I heard, through Woman's Progress, a bright little American magazine which I fancy I have alluded to l<..-hiiu in this column, that it was to the ' -"ci-ch of l,:uiy Charlotte ' 'l t'—1 ",,l! "The Red Book of Hergest," a collection of the legendary stories of Wales ? "The original niaiiu- seiipl,- runs the report, "which is pre served iu the library of Jesus Coll.-e Oxford, enntains VOOt) lines, and pro! bahly dates from the 15th century, i.lll.u..Hh the composition belongs to a much earlier age." King Arthur is there, of courso, and most of his knights, only wig don't seem to recognise tliem under tho curious, unpronounceable Wdlsh names, bristling with consonants. Queon Guinovcro is Gwonhwyvnr ; l'ercival, or Parsifal, is "Poredur, Lhc Son of Eorawc while " Geniint, t ; the old friend who looked out at us from tho pages of 44 Enid " in tho 14 Idylls." Taliesin is fixed upon as one of the best of tho stories — Taliestn, the 44 Radiant Brow," the 44 Prince of .Song." I confess I don'tsco much in Taliesin myself — though one looks with a sorb of enforced respect at a gentle man of the 6th century— except a decided turn for telling taradiddles and a propensity for ashing questions too idiotic to bo answerable. Hero are some, for instance, with which he completely flabbergasted some of the most ancient and respectable of tho Welsh bards : — Wherefore should a stono he hard ? \Vhv should a thorn ho sharp-pointed? Who is hard like all hit V Who is salt like brine? Who sueet like honey V Who rides on the pile ? Why ridged should lie the nose ? Why should a wheel he round V Why should the tongue he gifted with speech rather than any oilier member? The bard said, very naturally, 44 Give it up.'1 Whereupon, with the coeksurcness of big years, tho youthful Talieain laments their degeneracy, and tells them that they 44 false hood at all times do utter," with various compliments of the same kind. Hereafter he was known as44 Truthful J nines" (so I read the story). And he dwelt in Kivonydd, where ho 44 reigned ami was beloved by all,'. Why hasn't somo theatrical manager the courage to put upon the stage that "wonder ful 44 Master-Builder" of Ibsen's 7 Even to the more .squeamish section of the play- going public there can be nothing objection able in a single lino of it. It is delicate, bright, piquant, full of 41 good situations, '' and breezy, 44 catchy" dialogue, lt is frco from the tragic realism of 44 ghosts," the domestic upheavals of tho 44 Doll's House," and the social revolutions of tho 44 Enemy of tho People." We arc tired of tho purely melodramatic, as half-cnnly houses will testify. And our cleverest actresses confess that they arc longing for something worthy of their powers— smno part they can throw themselves into heart aud soul and feel tlicy are not derogating in so doing. 44 Hilda Wangcl " brought Miss Robins into tho very front rank of English actresses. She might have played 44 Black-eyed Susans" and Nellie Denvcrs lo her dying day without knowing what she wag capable of. On Lhc stage, as elsewhere, women arc beginning to hunger, not for iriero money, but hard, intellectual, satisfying work. And the pcoplo arc ripe for it. It only wants a little faith. 14 That one stamp cost my father thirty pounds," observed a Sydney lady tho other day, showing her album, 44 and the li.vlf dozen on the following page £500." Weib stamp-collecting is a mania. I have never been able to understand it, though I suppose it isasgoodasany other. It seems to me a pity that such priceless collections as those of Baron Rothschild, Legrand, and others- collections which tiie owners declare shall never be sold — cannot be turned to useful account. But then, as I say, I am not an enthusiast. To pay £680 for two stamps, as was done the other day in London, seems foolish — even wicked, when you think of tho wretchedness in the world that suchta sum might relieve. These two stamps, by tho way, wero the penny red and twopenny blue of Mauritius of 1847, with the words "Post-office" on the left side. There aro only two other specimens of tliem in Eng land, and those aro in the British Museum. In the whole world might be found 13 or 14 copies, Talicsin, of tho 44 Radiant Brow,' might have added another to his list of 44 questions sanyrcnues" if he had thought of it. 44 Why does anything, ugly or otherwise, increase in value in its owners eyes in proportion as his fellow-creatures find it unattainable 7" Thc"polico explanation " of (he arrest of the 18 year-old girl, sentenced to ''seven days hard labor" for being out of employ ment and starving, is very plausible. She will have food, bathing, and shelter for a week. Yes. But how about tho prison brand she will carry about with her, per haps for life. Our correspondents' indigna tion is, to me, perfectly justifiable. Tho police wero doing their duty, doubtless. But — our laws ? 