LOCAL AND GENERAL. T. Bostne s still drill.! \ ; tl / 5 A SIGN of the times. U Only -onc base at , the local Police Court since'' last issue, an*'! ' that only an or. binary drunk. Tlioinas Adams had imbibed so freely that he be came incapable. He was in a frightful i state, and the I*. M. sent hijn up for seven davs. ,, j. ! Gbntsv dancing pumps, 3s r lid. Poor Berger.*: - : ! The British Army has had some losses of late. General White resigned, General Dormer was mauled by a tiger, and General Hudson was Killed by his horse throwing him. Ladies' chemises nicely trimmed and v good calico, Is 4Jd. Poor Berger.* Oua readers will be glad to learn that the lad Charles O'Brien who was accidentally j shot over £l week ; is ;still recovering J speedily as possible under the circumstances. He is expected to be able to leave his bed within a week. On 31st December last the number of per sons employed by the State was 36,340, whilst the salaries paid to them amounted to £5,010.553. This is exclusive of the Govern ment's lastappoiutment, that of Mr. Tennent Donaldson, late secretary of a protectionist organisation, as private secretary to the Premier. - ' . - -v We have received the annual report of the Department of Mines and Agriculture, New South Wales,' for the 'year 1892. The report as usualis very-jEull . and complete, .and much. valuableas Svell as Iht^eaK^ ^information is - ttemo-'on^UKLaR }f% S# fi The Attorney-General has declined to pro-) secute in the case of Jeremiah. llcCauliffe, committed for trial at flie Bourke Police Court, on Wednesday, May' 17, on : a charge of breaking and entering the premises of F. Paget, with intent to commit a 'teloiiy. The Attorney-General states that - there' Was ho evidence to show what felony the accused- in tended to commit, &i.d; regrets -that there is no way in which the law is 'able tb dfeal with cases of this -sort. Gents white felt hats, 7£d- Poor Berger. Wb have received; from Mr. W. W. Davis three magnificent specimens 1 of 'the 1 citron family, which were grown in the kitchen garden at Kerribree. Each of the citrons weigh over lib, -and were picked irom -one of Beveral trees which are laden to the ground with fruit of equal if-not larger size than the samples |utiafflr'|wTicei' ? -sBy the Md off a j windmi'l the garden at- KerTibree tindergoes systematic irrigation, and the vegetables and i fruit of a' useful kinds grown there are j really excellent.' f There 'is mo doubt' that i systematic irrigation in tliis district will! produce abundantly almost anything that | grows. In the present disturbed state of bnsiness it will be found a great convenience to I squatters, - storekeepers, tradesmen and i others, to be able to secure the services of a competent accountant. Mr. W. B. Dixon announces himself prepared to adjust ac» counts, balarice books, iand^ conduct all usual accountant's work. He holds good testi monials of efficiency from well known resi* dents. Communications addressed care of Mr. E. J. Bloxhatn will receive prompt at tention. * A sad accident occurred on Monday morning last at Newington station, Stawell. A little boy aged over four years, named Whelan, the eon -of 'the manager of 'the eta tioD, was standing by the fire in his night dress wliilst his mother went outside to fill a kettle. When she came back she met tlie boy . with his nightdress in a blaze. The dress ^ts^irpmptl; torn i off, btit~the$nju-. ries were so severe that the child died two - hours after his admission to the Stawell hospital. Assigned estate of George Calton now selling ; children's and.maids''ulsters''4s Gd, 5 usual price 12s -id Poor Berger.* . \ Don's forget, the address of., the coming: Auctioneer and c Commission Agent, iChas; j R. Green, Hope-street,' Bourke. No 75 per ] mains 'of an extinct antmal has been made at Lake Frome. The Adelaide Government Geologist, who has jest returned from a visit' to Collabuua Station, in the far north, called at Lake Frome on his return, and states, that he saw men at work unearthing : the fossil bones regarding which an announcement was made two pr three: weeks 'ago. Mr. Brown says that so far portions of 80 skeletons have been found, although the deposit . is by no means exhausted. It is «ocsidered that three complete skeletons have been found. The find at Lake JFrome has settled ,Hie point about ! which a!n excited controversy raged amongst scientific men. Mr. Brown says tlii « is certainly the most remarkable discovery of fossil remains ever made in Australia, and perhaps the most singular ever made -any- where. Shobtlt after the airivJ of Sir R, W. Duff, the new Governor of New South Wales, the Hay town bellman, who rejoices in the uncommon name of Smith, and who also is a man of considerable resource, was talking to a business man in town, when the new. Governor came, under discussion, and ,af ter comparing notes as ,to the qualities of lier Majesty's representatives, the business man said he would bet the bellman a new hat that if he wrote to the Governor he would not get a reply. The challenge was acpspted, 'and the bellman set to work and penucd an epistle to his Excellency, inti mating that he was the jjublic bellman of the town of Hay^andAfiattfhM^^llency,' at any time paid a visit thwe heTtvonld give him a ' good hearty ring up with his new bell.' ' The letter was duly sent to Govern ment House, and after the lapse of a few days, a reply came thanking the bellman for his offer, and stating - that some day he hoped to visit Hay. The letter was written by Sir R. W. Duff's private secretary, and the bellman won his hat. . ? ' Music, piano, singing and dancing, of every description, by popular composers, 6d per piece. Poor Berger.* The Greta correspondent or the Maitland Mercury recounts the summary intervention of local youth in an unsatisfactory perform ance given by a visiting variety company. He writes : ' Our disappointed young men onlv gave the company about 20 minutes' trial, and then rose up as one man, and the company retired from the stage. This accom plished, the gentle boys proceeded to open a fresh performance — unrehearsed — on their own several hooks; and for a time the1 scene in the ha' is stated to have been atiM. No real mischief or damage to persons, or pro perty, understand, but an utter giving way to Is worth of ridignataon and animal spirits. Local -Romeos and Don ttesaw strutted about on the stage, and extempore Hamlets strode about in gloomy silence or offered (for a con sideration) to ' make ghosts of the legitimate actors i at «the- shortest notice;' ? « The poor players ' — literally so on this occasion — it was said, had the ' bawbees ' safe enough, so they grinned affably through it all, and enjoyed the impromptu entertainment to its utmost.' Two very important actions brought by landowners against the Minister for Works, as nominal defendant lor tne uovernmenc, were commenced in tli© Supi'cDiB Oo.urt on Monday last. The first was brought by James Blue, William Strachan Clarke, and Sydney Arthur Clarke, executors of the will of John Blue, deceased, against the Minister, for Works, as the constructing authority under the provisions of the Public Works Act of 1888, to recover compensation for the resumption by the defendant of -cer- tain lands at Blue's Point, near Berry's Bayj for the purposes 'if the (North Shore railway extension. It appeared from the plaintiffs' declaration that tUe plaintiffs originally, demanded ,.£14,323 837d,^nd the defendantSi»1I^ed?£^-70i $ujl uponfMhef. ESS & awarded the plaintiffs £9,639 I83, with £1,310 14s costs. The defendant having de clined to accept that award,' the plaintiffs brought the present action. The second was fornearly £100/100 for land resumed by the Governtnfent ^at^oolloomoolpofBay The plaintiffs' flleorge Hill, Thomas Batty, Daniel ,Sheeby, and Edward Henry Beh sario) bought the land bit,by bit until they had acquired a (arge block,] on which ft was tlieir iritehtion to halve erected warehouses and Commercial buildings, when the Go veriiicnt , came down and . resumed it, and ' offered the plaintiffs £30,362 10s as compensation. The plaintiffs elaimeil that the land was worth ? £300 a foot;- and set a 'valiie of ^91^200 upon it;s which they !are Snow endeavouring toobtain.; j IIkugkk says you must buy your Produce aud Flour from him, because you kcow be is the cheapest. * Gofcb W. opportunities for a'l buyers at ^as,-R.'^Costel Ice's 20 per cent sale, iivery tiiing yoama^ivant in Personal Attire or Housebpld ^aornment is subject to a dis count 6f$our~sh llings in the £? I offer you for asHort period a reduction of 20 per cent, on ali^your purchases. * \- Messbs. Davis and Wilson, of the Dorset Nursety, Culgoa, notify that they are pre pared to provide the travelling public with all kinds of vegetables at reasonable prices. 1\. The second pnnoabjgeneral - meeting of Shareholders in iiie^Bonrki .Meat Preserving Company Ltd. is announoed to be held at Fitzgerald's Post ' 'Office ' Hotel on Monday July 3, at 3 p m. Thb warder, chosen to fill the vacant position at the Bourke Hospital has wired to the Secretary, Mr. H. K. Bloxliam, that before receiving the notification that his application . had . been favorably considered,'- lie had - accepted another appointment. ; 'The, committee will decide upon^ne of two 'applications which came next in favor to the one previous'y accepted. No road in tlie district can now be tra velled wi'houfc meeting or passing, as the esse may be, many swagmeu looking for work. Sometimes they are to be iuet with ?in companies; ^numbering from 'five . t6.; twenty. These, men are moving in antici pation of the coming sheariog season, but there are still numbers of unemployed in the town, and it is a dailv occurrence for men to apply at private huu'es for a feed. Some of :them are utterly destitute, having; uo money, aiid little clothing. Me. G. West, who is well known in Bourke, has arrived with 2000 samp'es of tweed for his friends arid ' customers to choose from. He has also a new and spe cial process for making waterproof coats. At present Mr. West may be found at Donohoe's Gladstone Hotel, where he will he happy to take orders. We understand Mr. West intends establishing a branch of the business in Bourke. * 