THE CUP RAGE. Mr Watson was apparently very careful about- letting his field get away, and when the flag did fall the lot were on nicely even terms with Carnage just showing dear of the great cluster, end in this position the Derbv colt managed to remain until well inside the distance, where the outsider Tarcoola put in a powerful claim for winning honors, and outstaying the Derby victor, won a great race by a half-length, amidst a Joyous shout . from some of the ring men, who had rarely . laid Tarcoola in any of their big doubles, or syen straight out. The race was won in the last quarter of a mile. 'All round the course the winner of the Derby with Mr Wilson's white and cardinal on bis back had been . holding a leading position, and seemed for a ong tune to be wrestling for the victory with Light Artillery, Port Admiral and Oxtae. Ae forDunelB, nobody Could spy him oat amaagat the rack. As the horses sprang from the starling mark Light Artillery s jockey's cream and blue eaves were oenspicaous in front. The r "Other horses already muTnthmi'd were grouped around him, but fur therest the clouds of :rinrt raised by the hoofs of the leaders enveloped the fields avail all the way P the atrabdbt. Wot the first time found the order of Light Artilterv. atod Port Admiral was main- toiuca, with She ixbscrBperons Sailor » great deal of trouble befoi he wsw got to t he post. place in the general bnnch of m tand- 9 "der of Oxide was prominent work- t frig Urn animal ihrimgfa the crush, but Tarcoola was somewhere away nfc 4h© inch, the gold-spotted blue Jacket of his rider being first noticeable amongst a Jot ef apparently hopeless horses bringing up thereat. The character of the race did not alter 1 much round by the bach sheds, but the cards were re shuffled on the way to the bridge, and following the group closely with the glasses, one could distingulshCamoola making forward behind Carnage, Newman and Oxide, and Light Artillery, who had now lost the lead. " Carnage wins" was now the cry all over the Bland as the horses turned the coryer and entered the straight for the final dash for the winning pest. The scene was now exciting enough. All the horses were bunched together, with the exception of two stragglers, who had given up the ghost and were limping up behind toe ruck at their ease. It was now seen that Mr Lewis' brown horse, with Cripps np, was making aehangein the look of affairs ; Cripps had been riding him care fully and reserving him for the final effort when in the last few furlongs he laid on the whip, and shot past Tim Swiveller, Fort Ad mital, Camoola and Oxide. The next few seconds were full of ex citement. Nearer and nearer io the front forged the dark blue and gold spots, -creeping up behind the white of Carnage, and, inch by inch, passing the chestnut that had seemed up to now as if it must be for the second time the victor in a great race. Meanwhile another horse, that had been in the rear all round the course, was pushing forward from the midst of the second batch. This was Jeweller, con spicuous hy reason of the crimson of his jockey, and he rapidly passed the horses behind whom he had labored up the straight, and at about the same time that Tarcoola left Carnage in the rear, Mr Earnshaw's brown horse shot ahead of Loyalty. The final few yards lett the issue of the contest in no doubt what ever. Tarcoola's jockey gave a look round at the winning post, and found Carnage a good half-length behind him, while within a short distance of the Derby winner was Jeweller, with Loyalty fourth iu the race. 