LOCAL NEWS. The Young Memorial Fountain.-The prize design for this fountain, we are glad to see, has been awarded to a local gentleman, Mr. J. W. Scobie, architect, of West Maitland. The prize offered for best design drew forth three competitors, and that marked "Scotia" was selected by the committee as the one entitled to the prize. We have been shown the prize design, and must say that Mr. Scobie has succeeded in producing a foun- tain of an elaborate and artistic character, which when erected on the Maitland Park will stand out boldly and form a conspicuous and enduring monu- ment of the faithful and unselfish services rendered to the town and district by the late lamented gentleman whose memory it is intended thus to honour and perpetuate. The materials proposed to be used in the design are stone and brick, so treated that one contrasts with the other. The bricks will be plastic pressed, and the dome is also intended to be brick, but may be of tiles. The foundation will be cement concrete, the base and steps of Clarence Town porphoritic stone, which is of a very hard nature. The design is that of a square structure raised from steps at the base, columns at each corner standing, out as wings or buttresses, at an angle of 45 degrees Between the buttresses are four arched openings, giving access to the interior where the water for drinking purposes will be laid on. The monument has a domed roof, surmounted by a ball and weather vane, and on the top of each column or buttress is a winged nondescript for ornamental purposes. The dimensions of the monument are from angle column to angle column 24 feet 6 inches, ever external face of walls 13 feet, with the arched transepts 7 feet wide. The height to the block- ing course is 27 feet, to the top of pedi- ment 29 feet, and to top of dome 38 feet, go that it will always retrain a prominent figure standing out near the centre of the park. Mr. Scobie met the members of the committee at the Town Hall yesterday when some trifling suggested alterations were made in the design, and it was de- cided to call for tenders for the work immediately. "The Agricultual Gazette."-We have re- ceived the ninth part of this publication Vol. IX, the contents being-Useful Australian Plants, the Silky Oak, J. H. Maiden; and Notes on some American and Australian Plants injurious to Stock, ditto ; Notes on the uses, &c;, of some , Plants in the Port Macquarie District, by G. R. Brown; Entomological Notes, A. S. Olliff; the Beekeepers Convention, 1893 ; National Prizes for , 1892-Champion Orchards ; Orange Culture, A. H. Benson ; Rotation of Crops suitable for the Northern Tableland Districts, A. Bruce-Sutton ; Reports on Tobacco-growing Districts ; Crossbreds for Freezing and Export ; Poultry, S. Gray ; Dairy Notes; Practical Vegetable Gardening ; General Notes; Agricultural Societies' Shows, 1893; Re- port on the condition of Growing Crops. West Maitland Police Court.-On Tuesday, William Faulkiner, alias John Dixon, was brought before Mr. H. Crothers, J.P., on the charge of steal- ing a sewing machine, silver watch, clothes brush, mosquito net, and certain bedding of the value of £13, the property of Charles Taffe, of East Greta. Accused had been arrested at Aberdeen, on warrant, and remanded to West Maitland. Evidence of the arrest was given, and accused was remanded till this day (Thursday) for the production of further evidence. Bail was allowed-accused in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. Yesterday, before Mr. S. S. Moore, J.P., Samuel Hunt was charged with stealing the sum of 9s 9d from the bar of Mr. John Scanlon's Alma Hotel. Accused was remanded until to-day. Bail was not asked for. Conservation of Water.-The surveys of the western districts by the Water Conservation De- partment are progressing steadily, including the head-works of the Murrumbidgee northern canal and the contours of the western lakes. Plans have been prepared showing the possibility of filling two great basins in the neighborhood of Narrandera with water from the Murrumbidgee in flood- time. The storage capacity is 6,900,000,000 gallons, which could be utilised for irrigation purposes on the plains of the Lachlan. Another reservoir for irri- gation purposes is above Gunnedah, and levels have been taken of the Namoi from this spot to Walgett. The great drawback to pushing on works of water conservation is the necessity for legislation. Lunacy.-At the East Maitland Police Court on Monday, before the Police Magistrate (Mr. W. M. Macfarlane) and Mr. F. S. Isaacs, J.P., Rebecca Green on a charge of lunacy was ordered to be sent to the Hospital for the Insane at Gladesville. The unfortunate woman had been very violent in her manner in the gaol Hospital at East Maitland, and also in the court. On Tuesday, before Dr. Wright, J.P., James Connor was remanded for seven days on a similar charge. Hobse and Cattle Brands -The third notifi- cation of the second quarterly list of horse and cattle brands for the year 1893 appears as a supple- ment to the Gazette dated October 13. Fishing in Lake Macquarie.-The fishing with nets in Lake Macquarie is prohibited for a period of three years from October 17. Wills of the Week,-During the week stamp duty was paid in respect of the following wills : J. Murray, Manning River, £1,785 ; J. Millner, Lis- more, £1,015; J. H. Mays, Ashfield, £1,245; M. Glanville, Bamarong, £2,190 ; M. McIntyre, Gerrin- gong, £775 ; L. E. L. Newman, Ashfield £285 ; G. B. Mackenzie, Sydney £16,710; J. Grant, Mount Macquarie, £3,320; J. S. Mitchell, Sydney, £363,935 ; P. Carr, Victoria, £400; T. M. Milligan, Bathurst, £200; J. Radnidge, Haydonton, £245; J. Coffey, Surrey Hills, £250 ; G. Barnes, Jamberoo, £1,075 ; H. Fraser Leichhardt, £360 ; J. S. Wood, Oakford, £3,105; L. M. Hill, Tinonee, £350; P. Hoare, Ultimo, £450; J. P. Whiteford, Sydney, £250 ; J. Dickson, Deniliquin, £4,730 ; G. Hope, South Creek, £3,115 ; J. Durrell, Shellharbor, £435 ; R. Gardiner, Shoalhaven, £460 ; J. Jamieson, Tenterfield, £555 ; K. Thompson, Cowra, £760 ; R Newton, Sydney, £1165 ; P. Bowen, Kempsey, £430. The total amount of duty paid was £18,987 11s. Almanac for 1894.-We are reminded of the flight of time, and of the near approach of the end of the year, by the receipt of an almanac for 1894 from the New Zealand Insurance Company, through Mr. Carl Sölling, who is the local agent. The Electoral Districts.-We have received the report of the Electoral Districts Commissioners with authenticated maps of the same. The maps are of large size, and the boundaries are so marked that it is easy to define them. Anyone interested may inspect the maps. The Hinton Punt.-The new large punt which we mentioned some time ago as being intended for the Hinton ferry is now in use there, and has been successfully running for the last week. The ap- proaches have been made double the old width, to suit the size of the new punt, and the dredge is still at work at certain times deepening the ap- proaches. The new punt is much larger than either the one formerly in use there, or the one temporarily employed from Hexham. It is suffici- ently large to take two vehicles abreast, and in addition accommodation is provided for foot pass- engers. An enclosed cabin is supplied each end of the boiler, provided with seats and windows, and sliding doors, so that the occupants can be secure even if cattle were crossing. Altogether the punt is a great improvement over the old one. We understand the water main is also to be made vailable for the supply of water to the engine. Proposed Spelling Bee-Some week or so ago a spelling bee was organised in aid of the School of Arts building fund, but owing to other amusements taking place on the date arranged for it had to be postponed. It was then to have taken place to-mor- row, but as other amusements are set down for that and the following Friday, the committee, with a desire of not clashing with them, have decided that the spelling bee shall come off on Friday fortnight, November 10. Land Auction Sales. -The Minister of Lands has had prepared a statement showing the result of land sales by auction from 1st January to the 30th September last. Of town land 2,382 acres were advertised, 231 acres were withdrawn 1,422 acres were not bid for, 728 acres were sold, and the amount represented by the sale was £22,609. Of suburban land 11,220 acres were advertised, 750 acres were withdrawn, 8,040 were not bid for, 2,429 acres were sold, and the amount represented by the sale was £15,687 Of country land, 294,696 acres were advertised, 25,167 acres were withdrawn 207,031 acres were not bid for, 62,497 acres were sold, and the amount represented by the sale was £118,517 The total area advertised was 308,299 acres, withdrawn, 26,148 acres, not bid for, 216,494 acres, sold 65,655 acres and the total amount repre- sented by the sales was £156,814 The Newcastle Coal Trade -Matters con- tinue to be extremely unsettled in the coal trade at Newcastle, the only thing certain about it being that trade is not being won bark A section of the miners is anxious for a conterence with the proprie- tors, in order that on the termination of the pre- sent general agreement another may be ready to take its place. But there is a prospect that by the end of the year there will be no employers' associa- tion with which to confer. The fact would not of course necessarily hinder conference. But it seems that the reason why the Association is coming to an end is that the vend system is proved a failure, and that colliery proprietors want to have a free hand to compete for trade, and to make local arrange- ments with the miners. In these circumstances, the evolution of a new general agreement is highly improbable, though whether in the conditions under which each mine will be a separate concern trade can be regained remains to be seen. The anticipation is that under the new system there will be witnessed a survival of the fittest: the col- leries which cannot be worked at a profit will be closed. What the outcome will be no one can fore- see. But at any rate this must be said that both the vend and the general agreement could be maintained permanently only on condition that the demand for coal was invariable, and incapable of being scared away. Whereas, as events have shown, the demand was a thing to be nursed delicately, something that would not bear playing with, something which was not controllable by either masters or miners, and which having dwindled, seems very coy to the wooing of both. Industrial Exhibition and Flower Show. - The proposed industrial exhibition to be held in the Town Hall, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday next in aid of the Congregational Church, promises to be a very successful venture. Entries closed on Tuesday, and it must be gratifying to to those interested to learn that nearly every class has filled well the entries altogether totalling close on 600. The exhibition will consist of a display of fine arts, fancy work, cookery, curios, mechanical work, painting, needlework, drawings, horticulture, etc., and the large number of entrie's cannot fail to make a most interesting display. Between fifty and sixty entries have been received for the musical competitions, the individual merits of which will be decided in the congregational school hall on Monday, and the prize takers will afterwards be expected to render the instrumental music, the singing, or the recitations, as the case may be, at the exhibition during the time it is going on. A suitable orchestra will also be present to enliven the proceedings We understand that the Mayor Mr, H. Crothers has consented to open the exhibi- tion on the afternoon of Wednesday next Conference on the Hunter District Water Supply Act.-The Mayor of Newcastle, Mr A. F. Moore, has convened a conference of dele- gates from District Municipal Councils, to be held in the Council Chambers, Newcastle, on Thursday, Nov. 2, at 7 o'clock in the evening for the purpose of considering the necessity for amending the Hunter District Water Supply and Sewerage Act. The Sacred Concert in St. John's Cathe- dral. -Our readers are reminded that the sacred concert, the programme of which was advertised in last Saturday's Mercury, will take place to- morrow evening in St. John's Cathedral. Cavalry Parade.-The usual monthly parade of the Cavalry Troop will take place on the Mait- land Park on Saturday afternoon, under Captain Cracknell, who will be assisted by Lieutenants Markwell and Nicholson. The Cavalry Band will be present and a good muster is expected Friday Half-holiday v. Gosforth C. C. -The following will represent the Halfs in above match to be played on the Albion Ground, on Friday, Oct 27, play to commence at 2.30: J. Connolly, Buxton, Handel, Ross (2), Arnold, W. Travis, A. Cooper, G. Bromhead, C. Wilks, Simons, Harden (12), Hall (13), W. Scobie (14). St. Paul's Fund -On Monday evening another of the series of popular entertainments in aid of the St. Paul's Fund was given in the Hall of the West Maitland School of Arts. The entertainer was the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, who gave a lantern illustra- tion of Dickens' Christmas Carol, somewhat lessened in its proportions, and re-named "Marley's Ghost." The rev. gentleman preceded the exhibition of the series of pictures illustrating the Carol by showing some views of New South Wales coast and mountain scenery, some views of West Maitland in the March flood, and a set illustrating a poem which he read, entitled "The Lifeboat." Then came the Dickens' story all the necessary portions being preserved in the adaptation, and the pictures were viewed, and the reading followed with conspicuous interest and attention. The Rev. E. A. Anderson who had briefly introduced the Rev. Mr. Carruthers, at the conclusion of the entertainment expressed to him the thanks of the assembly as well as of the authori- ties of the church, and saw in the gift of Mr. Carruthers' services that night a hint that the divisions between Christian denominations were not necessarily permanent. Mr. Carruthers, in responding, said he was glad to help St. Paul's, and he also for his part saw the possibility that the divisions in Christendom might be, if not destroyed, yet attenuated. The entertainment closed with an exhibition of a portrait of the Queen, and the sing- ing of a verse of the National Anthem. Tuesday's Parliamentary Proceedings. -In the Assembly on Tuesday the continued absence of the Speaker made it necessary for Mr Melville still to occupy the chair of the House. A proposed amendment of the Children's Protection bill was ruled out of order. A bill to amend the Municipali- ties Act to allow lessees or occupiers of premises for which the landlord paid the rates the right to vote was passed through committee A bill introduced by Mr. Garrard, to alter the constitution of the Public Works Committee, was objected to as not having been introduced by a message although it dealt with public expenditure The objection was fatal. A bill to lessen the cost of litigation passed through committee. Mr. J. H. Want had a bill on the paper to secure the right of property in cable messages. It was moved after a technical objection had been disposed of, but the House threw it out on division by 40 votes to 4. Leave was given Mr. Waddell to introduce a bill to regulate the employment of camels, and the House rose shortly before eleven o'clock. Sale of Agricultural, Grazing, and Coal Land, &c.-We; direct the attention of farmers, graziers, dairymen, and others to the sale, by Batt, Rodd, and Purves, to-morrow (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, at the Great Northern Hotel, New- castle, of the following very valuable properties in the estate of the late Mr William Brett, viz - 1500-acre grant fronting Dora Creek-a splendid farming, dairying, and timber area; the Hollow Tree Estate, on the main road between Hexham and Raymond Terrace, comprising 524 acres of grazing and coal land; cultivation and dairy farm (66 acres), at Raymond Terrace, well improved; and a capital business premises at Islington, on the Maitland Road, known as Driscoll's store. See advertisement. -Communicated. 