A LOAN FROM A GHOST. A good many years ago the regiraMit to which I then belonged was quartered at Aldershot. After a long absence from England, Bpent on a parching rock in the middle of the Bed Sea, bleak and dreary Aldershot seemed a vory para dise, It was delightfully near London, too; leave was easily to be obtained, and a great part of my spare time and more than all my spare money was Bpent by me in themotropolls— spont, I am ashamed to coufoss, in riotous living and much disorder. I lost all my available funds, mortgaged my commission to the utmost penny, and found myself fevered qndparohod in body, in soul wretchod and des pairing. I had come to the end of my tothor. I was done up, lifo had nothing but evil in store for mo. On the following week I Bhould be posted as a defaul ter on tho turf. I should lfeavo the army in disgruco, and such tidings would kill my widowed mother. It was Sunday night; I had beon in London trying to raiBe money, but uselessly; the Jews dosed their fists to mo. I only wanted a hundred pounds to pay my Derby loBsea; this achioved, I could sell out imd retire without open disgrace; but I couldn’t raise it. My last sovereign was changed in paying ray hotel bill on that Sunday night. I had a return ticket to Aldershot in ray pocket and a' few shillings besides,nothing o!so in the world in the way of available assets. I think if I had been possessed of a five pound note I should havo gono to Liverpool and taken n steerage paBsago to America. It was the limited extent of mv moans which mndo mo reBolvo to go back to Aldershot and appear on parado next day. THE COLD MEAT TRAIN. At that time there waB a train which left— not Waterloo, but some station a little down tho line it might havo been Yauxhall, or possibly NinoElma, I scarcely romomber which— tho station at midnight. It was popularly known amongst us as tho “ cold moat traiu. ” Its passengers wore dead bodies for the Woking Cometery. Tho railway had,for tho con veniouce of tho camp, aflixedto this train one first-clans carriage. Aftor leaving the dead bodies at Woking the carriage was run on toFarnborough, whence you could walk to the camp. The train was moving when 1 got to tho station, but I had just time, despite warning shouts of guards and porters, to opuu the door of iho last carriage and j ump in. Tho other com • partmonts of the carriage I noticed wore lighted, but this one was dark; that didn’t affect mo; I didn’t want to read, I took out a box of matches, and proceeded to light a cigar. As the glow of tho match lit up tho interior of tho carriage I saw in the corner a long dark object, quite black, and yofc with Homo little metallic gleam about it ; it was a coffin roared up at tho farther side of tho carriago,a board being placed bokind it, against which it loaned. I lit a match, and read tho inscription. on tho plato: “William Heathcoto, died 25th May, 18—, aged 25 yen re. ” The hair on my hoad roso in a mass, my heart ceased to boat. My own nnmo, ray own ago, and tho very date of tho day that was now just A FEARFUL RESOLUTION. It chimed in, too, did this inscription so mys teriously with that impulso I had felt the wholo day—a turning to self-destruction as a means of escape from all tho degradations of life. I would accept the omon. I carried with mo a small American revolver. It would kill at twenty paces. I drew it out and placed it againBtmv forohead. Then it struck mo that tho ball,after paBsiug through my head, might pass also through the partition dividiug the compartment, and strike some one in the noxt carnago. I turned, tboreforo, my back to tho window, and again placed tho inuzr.lo of tho pistol to my forehead. Again I withdrew it. Thore wbb no hurry. The train did not Btop till it reached Woking, I wanted a signal; the whistle of tho onginoas tho driver sighted tho red lamps of Woking should bo thosignal for my departure from tho world. “Yes,M I said aloud, turning upon myself in a sortqf franzy.; “vos, the moment the whistle •oonds, Willmm H0fttlioo**.yo» . The rising moon was shining brightly into the carriage, full upon the coffin, and upon its mys* terous inscription. I don’t think I really believed this coffin had any tangible exiBtonco. It might bo but tho product of my own brain. Looking up, however, to see if it had disappeared I saw no longer the coffin lid, but a whito shrouded figure—a pallid, corpse-liko faco, tho eyes of which shone upon me with a sepulchral gleam. For tho momont I thought I had passed into the land of shadows; that I was a disembodied spirit looking upon ray own mortal remains. I came to myself with a doop gasp, digging ray finger nails into my palms. Ah, the joy of that moment aftor the torture of the struggle back to lifo. Lifo ragged, miserable it might bo, but still dear life, how precious it seemed. Shadows, I defied them. TILE a HOST SPEAKS, “Comoforth, old mole,’’ I shouted to my double in the coffin. lie carao forth. As I livo ho stepped out of the coffin, seated himself opposito mo, and leaned for ward to flpeak into my ear. “ Mercy ! Morey ! ** ahriekod tho figure in a voico that pierced tho roar of the train. “ See, ’’ cried tho figure, slipping a paper into my hands, “Keep it, keep it; only don't betray me. ” “ Whow-w’’wont the whistle of tho engino. I turned my head for a momont, the moon had just passed into a cloud,tho figuro had vanished, the coffin still stood in tho corner, dark and It wasn’t till I reached my own hut at Alder- | shot that I examined tho paper tho ghost had : given mo, and which, in my delirium, I had ; imagined I had thrust into my waistcoat pocket, Haro was a test, at all events; if thore was a real paper, bearing signs of its ghostly origin, then I was still sane, and tho apparition I had ' witnessed was not a delusion of tho brain. In tho corner of my waistcoat pocket was a crumpled piocoof flimsy paper; I unfolded it, and found it was a Bank of England note for a hundred pounilB, From that hour I was an nltorod man. I Said my gambling debts, studied for tho Staff ollege, passed a good examination, went to Sandhurst, camo out with high honors, and, having a little influence at headquarters, got an appointment ns commissioner to watch tho operations of tho American War of Secession, on Goneral-’a staff. TIIE GIIOST RE*APPEARS, It was at the close of a bloody, but decisive, I bftttlo, which roBulted in tho rotreat of tho Army of the South, that I visited llio Gold hospitals at the roar of the Federal Army in search of a friend who had been wounded during tho day. Tho doofors and attondaut9 woro all too busy to pay any attention to my wants, and I walked down the long rows of hastily improvised couches. Scraps of paper, on which tho names of tho patients lmd been hastily scrawled, were pinned to tho coverings, and I Btartod qbI read on ono “William Hoath cote ’’—my own name. Tho man appeared to ho sinking from exhaustion, but ho briglitenod up when ho heard tho tones of a friendly voico. I knelt down hesido him, and. asked if I could do anything for Mm. Ho nodded his hoad. “ You’ro English, ” ho whispered. “ So am I. If you should he in tho neighbor hood of Bedford, and Bhould boablo to hear of an old man in tho narao of Heathcoto, a retirod, draper, will you toll him his son diodiu a credit- ’ ablo wav ? I was a disgrace to him, sir, whoa I was alivo; but when I aui cloud, perhaps ho will think kindly of mo again. I’ll toll you my story, sir. I was a roguo—I wub, Bir. I was an undertaker, but I was a collector of taxes, too; and I entered into a conspiracy to defraud the Goyorumont. It camo out, but I had warniug in time. I shammed dead, and got away in one of my own coffinB with all tho 1 swag. * They wasn’t very keen aftor me, but just at tho last momont I thought they’d liavomo. A detective followed mo right to Woking, but I squared him with a hundred pound note, and got clour away to America by tho Southampton naokot. It uovor prospered me, that money ; anil I got lowcx and lower till I ’listed us a soldier ; and hero I am. I’m getting tired, sir. Don’t for get Bedford—Heathcoto, retired draper. ” I passed on in wonder and astonishmon It was no special care, thou, of an ovorruliug Providence ; my wonderful warning and deliver ance was a more affair of chance and accident. As I passed tho man’s oouch again he lay on it stiff and stark and dead. I found out tho old man in Bedford. Ho was living with a daughter in abject poverty’, and I ropaid to him the hundred pounds with com pound interest. To him I seemed a celestial visitant,—“ Chambers's Journal,” There aro 5000 deaconesses in Germany who give their lives to nursing and teach ing among tho poor. 