CHAPTEB LI. CONCLUSION. Gerald Washburn had never felt in better spirits than on the night following the arrest of the marquis in New York. Not that that arrest had anything to do with him directly, or that it had anything that he knew of ; but simply because every plan he had laid had been working successfully, and he had not the ghost of a fear but that Evelyn would soon be in his hands, suing for the mercy lie had sworn not to accord her. He was visiting Claire, and Claire was supremely happy. Gerald had never been in a happier mood, and it reacted on her. They were talking and laughing together about the misery of Evelyn over the detection of her lover's crime, when a servant entered the room, and said : Mr. March would like to see you for a minute, Mr. Washburn." " To see me !" repeated Gerald, for a moment a guilty fear troubling him. " Yes, sir." "I will go at once," said Gerald, throwing off the fear, as he remembered how well he had covered every trace of his recent crimes. " I will go with you," said Claire. " Papa can have nothing to say to you that I should not hear. We have no secrets from each other, have we, dear ?" " Never a secret," he gaily answered, thinking with inward glee of how little she really knew of his life. So they went together to the library where Mr. March always Bpent his evenings. There was a pleasant looking old gentleman with him, who looked curiously at the pair as they entered. " Why did you come, Claire ?" demanded her father, sharply. " I did not think you would object," she answered with a pout. " I would advise permitting her to remain," said the old gentleman. Mr. March looked at him as if resenting his advice as intrusive, but said nothing in reply. " Did you send for me ?" inquired Gerald, won dering uneasily who the old man was who ventured to advise Mr. March in the matter. "This is Mr. Washburn," said Mr. March, haughtily, to the old man. " Thank you. Pardon me for proceeding in what must seem an unusual, and even mysterious way," said the old gentleman, who will be recognized at once as Mr. Carter, " but it seemed to me to be the best way." "I shall be pleased to have you justify yourself," said Mr. March, with dignity. "My object in seeing Mr. Washburn before you," went on Mr. Carter, calmly, "was that I might infoim him that Mike Sweeney, of New York, had revealed their joint relations." The pallor of death whitened the face of Gerald Wasjhburn. " Mike Sweeney," he stammered. " I-I do not know--" " Save yourself a useless denial," said Mr. Carter, coldly. " I know that you purloined bonds from the safe of the company you serve, and that he returned them to you when it waa found by him that they were not negotiable, and when it was clear to you that the loss was about to be dis- covered." " It is false !" cried Gerald, miserably. *' What a monstrous charge !" cried Claire. " It is a plot to ruin him. Papa, will you permit this man to say such things ?" "He must substantiate every calumnious word or he shall answer fer it," said Mr. March. " First let mo say all," said the detective in an inexorable tone. " I know that Don Adams held the proof of that crime, and that Gerald Washburn assassinated him to put him out of the way. "I know that twice this man tried to abduct Evelyn Harper, her true name being Evelyn Sher- wood." "Infamous !" cried Claire, nobly true to her lover. " It is all a part of that old plot." " I know," went on the. detective, " that this man, having discovered that Gordon-Davis was Gordon Osborne, laid a plot to ruin him, and send him to prison for the best years of his life, in order that he might have him out of the way of his vile plots against Miss Sherwood. " I know that this man has so tampered with the books of your mill, Mr. March, that an expert ao. countant can reveal enormous frauds with half an hour's labor. " Furthermore, I know that if this scoundrel does not make a full confession, I will bave him prose- cuted to the full extent of the law, as surely sb my name is Nick Carter." " Nick Carter !" gasped Gerald, the last hope of escaping the just penalty of his crimes leaving him. " Will you confess ?" demanded the great detec- tive in a tone that had wrung confessions from more obdurate criminals than Gerald Washburn. "I will-I do !" cried the wretch, breaking down completely. " It is all true ! Oh, have mercy on me ! Do not ruin me forever." " It is true !" cried Mr, March, rising, and speak- ing in a tone of terrible harshness. " Then suffer the penalty. I will not raise a finger to save you !" " Gerald ! Gerald ! say it is false, and I will believe you !" almost screamed Claire. " It is true," moaned the wretch, his eye held fast by the glittering glance of the detective. " You did love her, then !" shrieked Claire, think- ing ofthat only. You did love her. Then you may rot in prison ! You have cheated aad deceived me> but you shall cheat and deceive me no more ! To prison with him ! to prison ! Ha ! Ha ! Ha !" She had gone mad ! # # * # # The mansion of Gideon March was closed. A great sorrow had befallen him m the madness of his beautiful child ; but he had left instructions, by re- quest of Mr. Carter, that there should be a half holiday in the mill. Evelyn had wished, and Mr. Sherwood had ac- quiesced in her wish, that she might be wedded to Gordon at the loom she had worked at. It was a singular wish for one who had been, and would again be, the helle of New York society; but the faotory people, especially the girls, decided that it was very lovely of Evelyn. Ah ! how beautiful she looked that day, as she otood blushing by the side of the man for whom she had risked and dared everything. It was a sight the mill-hands never forgot. Nor did they ever forget the festivities that followed. Eoger Sherwood felt that, since Evelyn willed to be married in the factory, amid the evidences of toil, and with only working people for spectators, he would do his part so thoroughly that it should be understood that he valued the dignity of labour as highly as anyone. So he spent money like water, and gave every man, girl, and boy in the mill Borne valuable token to remember'the day by. ,' Bosta was there, but she did not remain long after the eeremony. A sweet boon had, cotna to her, Don Adams had recovered his consciousness, and had had time to realise that he could have no dearer companion through life than his dear little nurse; and he had told her so. Mr. Sherwood insured Don an easy road in life, 'by providing liberally for him. Nor did he forget Hinckley, whose big arms and hands had been so ready in the assistance of Evelyn. [The End.] Tho Story »THE PRETTY FACTORY GIRL " being now completed as above, Its placo will be ta Icon every Tuoaday and Thursday by the chapters of an exciting narrative, abounding In interest, entitled I " PAULINA LISLE." 