punctures. 5B "xo00o:." Cyclists are generally crcdiled with La'ng experts in the practice of sharpness to other people's disadvantage, and though theltitle ms not earned by all, we have, evi dently, some in our midst who fully maintain the reputa tion, as the following will disclose :-An enter prising firm recently imported a few choice sasples of the English racing shoe, and one morning racing cycliet dropped in and asked to be shown the shoes. Hlls wishes were obeyed, and after all the details and advan tages had been most minutely explained, he expressed unbounded satisfact:on and raid, "Well, I'll buy this lair if my trainer, wtill allow me to wear them; can I have thtm nluil tre afternoon to ask his permission?" INow such a childish proviso rather tickled the vendor, and with a smile, he gave his consent, sand wiked the other eye. A fewhoursditer. wards the shoes were returned, with "I am very sorry I can't have them ; my trainer won't let me use them." The vendor replied that he really did not care whether he' sold the shoes or not; as their stock was small, they would soon be used up. Thus erded part one of the comedy, and the final act came soon after. A junior member of perhaps the largest retail boot firm in the city and suburbs (and a cyclist too) dropped into the shop, and quite innocent of the revelation he was about to make, said unblushingly, "Would you mind letting me have another look at ths shboes Mr. - borrowed this morning? we have forgottep something?" Of course the game was up, the bubble had burst, and, need less to add, he was not shown the shoes. Circumstances point strongly to the effect that our racing friend liked the shces, but thinking he might get a similar pair made outside for a few pence less, resor'ed to such a subterfuge to get the proper pattern. Now, for sharpness and cunning this undoubtedly annexes the pastry, and man) are the heatty laughs that follow the yarn as it hovers round a select circle, and if the victim could only see himeelf as others see him, he would for ever bide his diminished head. A prominent figurehead of our sport recently decided to discard the worry of a city life, and forsaking the wheel, journeyed westward to enjoy a well-earned rest. All things went smoothly in the country retreat for some time, and amongst the pleasures planned was a typical Australian bush pie. ci. The eventful morn arrived and our hero assumed command of a buggy and pair of horses, together with the responsibility of passengers' list of four, including ladies. A big basket of provisions aboard and a kettle swinging from the axle argued well for the success of the undertaking. Everything went smoothly for saout seven miles, when "lo," a jump and a bound came from the horses, for by some mischance our hero neglected the safe navigation of his vehicle, and the horses took them off the track and into a bog; down sank the wheels as the horses plunged to free themselves, but matters only grew worse, and the whole party, excepting our hero, clambered out of the vehicle like rats from a sinking ship; and by this time one of the horses gave up the ghost, evidently quite resigned to his fate as he lay with only his head showing above the quagmire, whilst the other horse yielded to the gentle persuasions of the whip and treed himself, but of course leaving the vehicle stranded. Noweour hero jumped on the free horse's back in search, not of a life boat, but of strong aid. Success crowned his search, and presently he returned with three strong men, and their united efforts and herculean strength freed the buggy, placed it on terra firms, and the party proceeded to spend the day as previously arranged; perhaps more pleasantly on the strength of the adventure, whilst our hero wonders whether he will get a Victoria cross or a Itumane Society medal for his pluck; but myself, I would give him a penny bun, and then think he was well rewarded, as the fright has turned his hair prematurely grey, and no small amount of tonics will need to be consumed to restore his ?battered nerves. 