TRAPPED BY HIMSELF. TOLD nr A.v LE-DETECIV. . Some ten years since the newspapers re ported a daring attempted bank Robbery and the singular capture of the burglar, and the illustrated weeklies gave portraits of all the actors in the drama, including that of "Nip,",a bulldog that played an important partanthematter. As the story is of an interesting if not exciting nature, it will bear being told again; and who can better tell it than the detective engaged in the ease P " Mr ?onoor," said Mr Davey, the chair man of the Britannia Bank, one afternoon to the manager, "I am obliged to go into Cornwall to look up some of the mining property that we are interested in there. I shall leave town to-night, and shall probably be gone for a month. " Next Thursday we have, at you know, to settle with the heirs of old Mr Clarke, and you had better get the watchman to let you into the vault some night before the day of settlement, so that you can look over the securities and compare them with the inven tory. "I ask you to undertake this duty because it is a matter of great importance, involving a very large sum, and because you are fully acquainted with the names and values of the various stocks and other effects. In fact, although it will take three or four hours to examine all !the securities, I do not feel justified in entrusting this task to anyone but yourself." "Allright, sir," said Mr Bonsor. "I'll attend to the matter, and speak to Donovan, the watchman, to-night, so that he can be prepared toletme in. Good-bye, and a safe and prosperous journey." "Thank you," said the chairman, and went his way. Ashe wentout he noticed a man, very quietly dressed, who was getting a note chaned ioto gold. The man seemed to be deeply engaged in counting the coins the teller had given him; but in passing, Mr Davey saw him raise his head and throw a sharp glance at the manager, who was standing at the entrance to the bank parlor. There was something in the stranger's face that reminded Mr Davey very strongly of the manager, and the likeness so impressed him that he turned his head two or three times on his wayto the door to get another view of the man. The stranger, meanwhile, had finished counting his money, and placed it in a large purse, which he thrust into an inner pocket. As he did so he took more careful note of Mr Bonsor's features; then he walked out of the bank. On his way home that day, after the close of business, the manager stopped at the hours of the bank's night watchman, Michael Donovan. Donovan was the sole support of his mother and ayoung brother and sister. His home was a neat and tidy one, although its ap ointments were the reverie of luxurious. ItsIe was an old soldier, having served in the Inniskillen Dragoons for fifteen years. He was now forty years old, and had served the bank for seven years. His honesty, fidelity, and general good character were un questioned. He and Mr Bonsor were great friends, not withstanding the disparity in social position, the bond of sympathy between them beinjr a mutual fondness for bulldogs, of which the manager had several and the watchman one -Nip by name-which was particularly savage and belligerent. In answer to the manager's knock, the watchman himself came to the door. At sight of his friend his face brightened.. "Sure, an' is it you, Mr Bonsor ?" he said, oheerily. "Come in, sir. I'm just making ready to go down to the bank." " Thank you, said Bonuor. " Bat I'm anxiousnto get home to dinnerT 4nd onl't carme to tell you that on next 'ednoesday night : I'll be down to the batik at eight o'clock, and I want you to be ready to let me in at once when I ring. I have been in structed by Mr Davey to do certain work which will probably detain me in the vault for several hours." "Allright, sir: I will let you in," said Donovan. "How are thedogs?" " Going on all right," was the answer. " And Nip ?" " He's first rate-as lively and as fierce a ever. I'll bring him up to the bauk pn Wednesday night." , "I wish you would: I'd like to' s him. Do you think he'll be friendly and remember me ?" "Indeed he will, sir. Nip never forget a friend-ora foe, for that matter. He'd know you if you was painted up like a red Indian." " Very well; remember Wednesday night," said Bonsor ; and ie walked away. Robert ]onsor was a batchelor, and re sided in very comfortable lodgings. H3 was not' only careful in business matters, but methodical in his manner of living also. He generally drank a single glass of whisky and water at one particular tavern before dinner, and a glass of brandy and water afterwards, when he smoked a single good cigar. In consequence of his visit to the watch. man's honee, he had to go a little out of his way to reach this hostelry to-night, and he walked briskly, so as to reach home in time for dinner. A pedestrian on the other side of the street kept pace with him until they came to a main thoroughfare, when he crossed, and kept close to the manager's heels. When Bonseor reached the tavern where he was anaustomod to stop, he pushed open the door; the man followed him, and was the firettoreaeh the bar. " Ah, Mr Bonsor," he said, turning to face the manager, "just in timo I Will you join mel" " Thank you," said Bonsor, not recog. nising the man as an acquaintance, but ima gining him tobe oneof the bank's customers, " if you will take a cigar with me afterwards. I confine myself to one drink before dinner and one glass after that meal, and I have not yet dined." "So do I,'' said the stranger, cheerily. " I find that it helps me after a day's work, andas Inever abuse it, it does me no harm. Did Mr Davey get away to-day ? He told me yesterday that he was going down to Cornwall."' " Iefs leaves to-night," was the answer. And then, when the barmaid had served the whisky, the two men drank it. After this they had cigars, and walked up the street together. The next night they met again at the same place, and the night following, and the night after that. Theybecame quitefriendly, in fact; and Bonsor was not at all surprised when, upon leaving his lodgings at about half-past 7 o'clock on the night that he was to examine the seurities, he came face to face with his new.made friend, turnintr a corner a short distance from his home. They greeted each other, ad stopped for a few minutes to talk. " By the way," said the man, finally, "a business friend of mine sent me a case of rare ehbampagne to-day. It is simply unap proachable. I should like you to taste it, and if you are not too much pressed for time, you might come with me now. I have quer ters a few doors down the street." " I have only a minute or two to spare," said .Bonesor, looking at his watch. "I'nm due at the bank at S o'clock, and I always like to be punctual." SThat is my way aleo. I always like to keep an appointment to the minute. But I won't keep vou long," said his interlocutor. They walked half way down the street, halting at last in front of a nice-looking hoose. The man opened the door with a latch-key, and ushered Bonsor into a room on the second floor in which the gas was burning dimly. . When the light was turned up, tthe stranger noticed that the apartment was furnished luxuriously, yet in good taste, and waes separated from another room, probably a bedebamber, by heavy velvet canrtains. ".Exouseo me a moment," said the owner of the apartment; and he disappeared into thbe inner room, while Bonsor tarned to ex. amine some chols engravings that hung on the walle. So engrossed was he that he did not hear a light footfall; bhut suanly his arms were I pinioned to his sides, and a shawl of some i dark, thick material was thrown over his I Shead and made fast round his neck. He struggled to escape, and endeavored to cry for help, but when he opened his mouth he was nearly suffocated by the fumes of the chloroform with which the cloth around his head was saturated. He was of slender make, and no match, physically, for the man, who hold him as in a vice. 'His senses began to leave him, and his struggles grow fainter. Finally his head dropped to one side, and the man laid him upon the floor, removed the shawl, and placed a gag in his mouth. Then, after emptying the manager's pockets, he bound him securely hand and foot, and lifting him in his arms, mare him into the inner room and laid him upon the bed. "That trick was neatly played," he chuckled to himself, as he came out into the sitting-room, and, after lighting a reading. lamp, gathered up the articles taken from eoneor's pockets and proceeded to examine them. There was a bunch of keys, several letters and cards, a purse containing several pounds in gold and silver, a gold watch and pencil case, and a note-book. He slipped the keys and the money into his pocket, and exchanged his own timepiece for Bonsor's watch and chain. Then he carefully scanned the pages of the note-book. It was arranged in diary form, with a page for every day in the year. On the top line of each there was a cabalistic arrangement of letters and numbers. He turned to the last entry- the entry of that day, the 23rd of November-and an ex clamation of satisfaction escaped him. "It isas I thought," he said. "'This is the vaultlock combination. It is changed every day. The safes inside are of ordinary make, and my skill will soon open them. Hie opened the note-book in his pocket and returned to the room where the insensible manager lay. Lighting the gas, and sitting down by the bedside, he carefully studied the features of his prisoner. Then, with a box, such as is used by actors for holding the pigments and other requisites necessary in making-up their faces, in his lap, and with a small mirror before him, he skilfully touched up his own features until they were the counterpart of Bonsor's. " Good !" he said, finally, lying back in in his chair and looking at himself in the glass. "I think I am sufficiently like Mr Robert Bonsor to deceive his own mother." iHe turned his head for a last glance at the manager's face, and found that the latter's eyes were open. ," Ha, ha I" be said, with a chuckling laugh. " You find yourself in rather an un comfortable position. I'm sorry to leave vyou, but I have urgent business at the bank. kou'll rest hero very securely, if not very comfortably, until the chambermaid comes to-morrow morning to attend to the room. You'll probably feel a little weak and in need of a drink when you are discovered, so I'll leave the promised bottle of champagne out on the table for you. Help yourself; don't wait for me ! Ta-ta, old man ?" And with another chuckling laugh, he turned out the gas and left the room. Putting on the manager's hat, and taking up a stout leather bag, which was evidently heavy, the fellow left the room, looking the door behind him, and hurried to the bank. Meanwhile, Donovan, the watchman, with Nip, the bulldog, in leash and closely muzzled -for the animal had an unfortunate habit of nipping at the legs of passers-by, hence itl name-had arrived at the Britannia Bank, relieved the day watchman, and made him self comfortable for the night. A\ little nook in one corner of the vault ,rooil was fitted up for the watchman's use, with, a table, chair and grate, in which a fire .was brightly burning. Putting off his own ceat pid hat, he donned auniform coat.and S.~. anhn'lghting his pipe, he sat down for a e?vdetsmoke. N -p, who had been released from leash and muzzle, lay down at his master's feet, and to the dog Donovan thus addressed himself: "Nip. old fellow, if we had the ten thoseandth part of what's in this here vault, we'd be fixed for life. But we'll never have it. If I had, say, a hundred pounds now, Nip, I'd marry Nellio Tibbhits to-morrow, take a little shop in a good neighborhood, and between that and the bank we'll all get along splendidly, and"- SBat his spoken thoughts were interrupted by ahabarp whirr of a bell in the banking. room up stais. 'At the sound, he sprang to hia feet and laid down his pipe. S" It'sMr Boneer," he said. "Lie down there, Nip ;" and he hurried up the stairs to admit the manager. "Is' it you, Mr BonsorF" he asked, cautiously, through the big keyhole in the massive front door. " Yes, Donovan," came the answer; and thewatchmanat once swung the door open. " Y'ou're a little late, sir," he said, glancing at the electric clock in the banking room. "I was detained," answered the pre tended Bonsor, placing his bag on the table in the hall and thrusting his hands into his pockets. As Donovan turned to relock the door, the man's hands were quickly withdrawn, upraised and suddenly descended. A weapon that bad been provided for just this emergency--the professional " skull cracker"-fell with a dull thud upon the watchman's head, anso without a groan the poor fellow sank to the floor. " Ah, thatdisposes of you for the time," gleefully ejaculated the burglar. Taking a stout cord from his bag. he bound Donovan as he had previously bonnd Bonsor, and placed in his mouth a duplicate of the gag that had prevented the manager from crying out for help. Then, dratrging the man's unconscious body to one side, he descended the stairs that led to the vault room. A few seconds' manipulation of the knob on the doorof thevault, guidedbv thecabalistis letters and figures in the manager's note book, which he held open in one hand, caused the look to respond, and the ponderous door slowly swung open. He stepped into the vault and cast an eager glance around. Before he had time to do more there came a muffled growl from the depths of the strong room, and Nip, with gleaming fangs and flashing eyes, bounded towards him. "Curse the brute !" snarled the man. And to protect himself from this unex pected foe--he bad left his revolver in the bae-he pulled the bigdoor to. As it swung into place he heard something give an ominous click, and a ery of horror escaped h;im. For amoment be was overcome, and then tbhe instinot of self- preserrvation asserted itself, and he cautiously pushed against the deoor. It did not yield to the pressure, and he pushed harder. It remained as firm as adamant, andhorriblecuraes and imprecations fell from the trapped man's lips. " Caged, trapped, done for sy may own act, like the fool that 1 am," be cried, '*asd my tools are all outside ! The bolts tell into position when the door closed. May the devil take the dog l" And then, with a howl of anguish, he threw his body violently again and again upon the unyielding barrier. He cursed, shoeted and prayed by turns, but tse sound of his voice wentno further than the steelwalls of his prison. IFinally, in sheer desperation, he threw himself upon the floor, exhausted with hie vain efforts to regain his liberty. In themeantime, Donovan hadreturnedto oonsionness, and, resalising that he had been duped, and that the treasurethathe was paid to guard was in jeopardy, he struggled desperately to break the bonds that bound him. He writhed and twisted, and pulled and tugged, and at length, after what seemed hours of exertion, nsucceeded in loosing one of his hands. To completely releasehimself and remove the gag from his mouth wasnow an easymatter. He got upon his feet with difficulty, for a horriblepain wasracking his head. He felt faint and dizzy, and his linmbs were stiff and sore. Cocking his revolver, he crept down the stairs into the vanit-room. Nip, who had been crouched before the door, bounded forward to meet him, and then ran back with a savage growl. The watchman saw the burglar's leather bag lying open on the floor, and then the situation was plain to him. '!Thank Heaven !" he exclaimed. "The fool has trapped himself, and the funds of the bank are safe." lie pounded on.the door of the vault, and the burglar, hearing the sound, sprang up and began tohammer vigorously on his side of the barrier. "Open, open!" he shouted. But Donovan heeded him not. Leaving the dog on guard, the watchman hurried bark up stairs, intending to go in searcli ef a policeman. Suddenly there was the sharp whirr of the electric bell, and, revolver in hand-for his late experience had taught him caution Donovan opened the street door. Instantly Mr lousor sprang in. The watchman re. coiled from him as though confronted by ghost. "What! 3Zr Boneer!" he ejaculated. "I thought-I thought- . Who, then i--" And then, in his joy at finding that the real Mr Bonsor was not the villain appear ances laid him to believe, he broke down completely, and began to sob. "The burglar?--the burglar?" gasped Bonsor, unable to say more in his excite. ment. "Safely locked up in the vault, with Nip on guard over him. Thank Heaven it's not you, sir !'" answered Donovan. Then lie explained how he had been do. ceived, and showed the manaeor the weapon with which lie had been knocked down. Talking thus, they reached the street, where they soon discovered a constable, to whom Mar Bonsor, in a few words, explained why his services were required. The manager's timely appearance upon the scene was brought about in this way: After the burglar's departure lie had managed to wriggle from the bed to the floor, bound ashe was, and rolling over and over, had at last reached the door of the outer room. On its panels he kicked vigorously until the noise attracted the attention of one of the servants who was passing on her way to the kitchen. It so happened that this servant was none other than Nellie Tibbits, the watchman's sweetheart, and, being a courageous girl, she unlocked the door. When she saw the manager's plight, she screamed for help. Two of the lodgers and the landlady-the place was a private lodging-.iouse of a superior kind-at once crame to his assistance and released Mr oDensor. Stammering out his story, and borrowing a hat from one of his deliverers, he hurried with what speed he could to the brnk, though dazed and fa'nt from the effects of the burglar's rough treatment. He could not imagine how the follow had been so foolish as to lootk himself in the vault, but Donovan explained the matter. " It was nill Nip's doings, I think, sir," he said. "The fellow deceived me-for I am ashamed to say that I thought it was you, sir, and the likeness is very great-but he could not deceive Nip. Good old dog !" The constables-another one had arrived the watchman, and the manager now went down to the vault in a body, and Mr Boneor, who luckily had a duplicate list of the com binations, unlocked the door. The burglar made no resistance, and, handcuffed securely, was taken to the nearest police station. After his remand from the police- court I was instructed to find out whether he was "known" as a former criminal. I recognised him as an old offender. just out of prison, whose acquaintance I had more than once made oflictally. For this latest exploit he was sentenced to a long term of penal servi tude. -The. bank directors rewarded the dog's master with a present of a hundred pounds, and Mr Davey, the chairman, out of his pri vate pocket, completely furnished a npat house in a now neighbourhood, on the ground-floor of which the watchman opened a grocer's shop, which ?liss Nellie Tibbite or, rather, ltrs Duonoan- assisted by Dono van's mother, looked after. Mr Bonsor still smokes his after.dinner cigar and drinks his postprandialbrandy and water; but remembering what serious conse. quences might have resulted from his indul gence in the other habit, he has completely eschewed the before-dinner drink of whisky. And in this he is wise, for the obvious moral to be drawn from his experience is: Never dnnk with strangers, whether before or after dinner.-" Weekly Budget." 