THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TALE OF THELLING INTEREST, BY HELEN CORWIN POERCE. CHAPTER XXVIII. (CONTINUED). The old gardener was away about ten minutes It seemed much longer to those wh He Wcamr*back'with a very strange white f»ce and wild eyes. He was trembling vio l«nt!y. like a man with palsy. Sibyl went np to him. She took hold of Mm with convulsive hands. »H« anything happened to Prudence Q»rr!" »he demanded. «.Vo, no—nothing, I iwear to yon 1' ho "BaThe looked dated, frightened, he stared ,t her in a helpless, bewildered kind ol way that was both potiUng and alarming. v What is the matter with yon, man J the housekeeper exclaimed. » You look as if you h»d seen a ghost." « Well, maybe I have. Get your keys, Mrs Inrfit, and come away with me. I've some thing to say to yon." Sibyl's hand was still on his arm, her anxious eyes on his'ta'cec " » Miss Garr has gone," ha said to her. • Ton know the old man wouldn't lie to fell back. She yield-d the keys mechanics ly to Mrs Tnrfit's greedy and Im mdent dutch. She was not thinking of her, but watching that old man's fa* with a thrilled anil desperate y-throbbing heart. What was the story it told f What had he Ken—what ghost! What was the meaning of that eager pityin?, wondering, doubting, startled look in his eyes as he gazed at hei; Why should it make her think of Kenrick, whom this old man bad loved so well > She fell on her knees when they had all gone out, sobbing wildly: - -My darling—my darling—my darling! ••Sow, then, what is itf" Mrs Turfit de manded of James Reese, as they were going along one of the oorri iors, after locking the tower doors on pool Sibyl. Sh; h»d «nt all the re»t of them on i their bedJ, and she and the gardner n« - nine iuto the duii»g-roi>m. -Itii j is> this, Mr- Tuifit—l hum a<xu< ihe ga.m of «lr Prince I 1 waau't »s >*,> ani 1 di.mtimagiuo it. 1 s»w it »- piaui» 1 see you now." " The ghost uf a live-man I Wuat am y»» talking about!" •• I con't care." James said, stontly. •• I was eomiug into the honsc, after pultin. Miss Garr in the carriage, and it stood righi there by the big an- wbail bush. It ia moon light, yon know, anl the moon shone full on hia face. Wait now, and Ist me tell you. I thought it was ttr Prince himself, tnough bis face was a deal whiter and ibinner-iik^ than his was when he ran screaming out of yon to«er room. He looked so strange I I was jolt go ng* to speak to him, wnen Mr Prince's own window, which opent ibai way. you know, was liftal, and he called to me to know what wa» going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he Baid. I wa that scared 1 could hardly speak, but I U him Miss Garr had just gone away in a car riage to catch the train at Hampton, and he swore ai me honibly, and slammed the win dow down, and when I looked back for the ghost it was gone." 'Gmtf Mn Taifit tangned contemptuously. " Well, I've bard of old people getting their second tight, tat I g»et» joa have goi jour fint and second til at once," the said, " You tee douulefint-rate, James. If that is all, joa caa go to bed, and I'll take care ot the ghosts. Good nighi!" Sbe geot him off, and stood a moment pondering, wondering if the should go and give her keys to Mr Prince. " I von't do it I" >he muttered. v He ii in no condition to hare them. I will keep them till raoming anyway, ami now that Loey Vernier hai gone, he may want me to ke*p them all the time." She felt that ihe would like that Then the went to her own. rooms, which were, on a lower Soar, and consisted of a handsome parkr and bedroom. As she entered the first, sbe laughed scornJally. " Ghost, indeed 1" she exclaimed,and then ■tool still. Something bad moved near her. A enrions, creepy feeling went over her. Snesprang quickly and turned up the ga«, her heart in her throat. The next momtnt she barely stifled a scream. "It ii only I—Kenrick Prince. Don't yon know me, Mrs Turfitr eai<i a voice that went through her like a current of- electri city—why, she did not pauie to think. -Mr Prince!" she stamoered, all her sentes in a whirl, ■taring at l»m with won dering, frightened eyes. u"»t had he done to himself <ince she saw him such a snort time before <n that tower-room I Why, if he had not cail«i bis own name, she would hardly hare knurn kirn, he was »o white, so wild-looking. The thought did flash orer her that pel haps he bad seen the ghost, or whatever it *»S that had scared Keete. Never was a nun so altered before in so shon a time. "Djr!t y.-u know me ?" he' said again, in hollow, despairing accents. " Yon don't look at if yon did." The housekeeper stood in an utter stupe faction of bewilderment. Wai it because he ha»i been drinking that nude him to look so dreadfully, so changed f Ton—you look so strange I" sbe Ham mered again. Are yon ill 1 What has hap pened to you f" ~ You wunld not believe me if I told yon," be said. "1 have been in bell, Tnrfit—l have, truly." As he spoke be went toward her His white teetn were clenched. He looked wan and watted thin to a shadow. " Pity me—help me I" he muttered, lifting ■uch anguiahed, horror-filled eyes to berface that the housekeeper extended her hands. \- Don't 1 On, don't take on to, Mr Prince I" He caught the bands in his with the strangest cry, and dropping hi» poor, ghanly and baggard face upon them, bnrat into tears.: CHAPTKK XXIX TOKGOTTIS. The housekeeper saw that he wai trembling so that he could scarcely stand, and the drew him to a chair. He sank into the cushioned depths of the large eaty chair and lay with closed eyes, like a man weary and exhausted almost nnto death. Mrs Turrit stood and gazed at him in be wildered wonder. What had changed him to I rightfully I She could not understand It. Suddenly there wa> a slight sound outside her door. Her visitor started wildly and stared in that direction. " Lock it, for God's sake I" he whispered, with shaking lips. She went toward the door, thinking she would turn the key to humor him, when before the could reach it it- opened, and the impostor appeared upon the threshold, staring with eyes that seemed as ii they would drop out of their socket* at the figure in the chair. Hit jaw fell, his swollen cheeks seemed to collapse, and the purple flush on his face faded to a leaden, livid pallor. He leaned heavily against the door-post, staring. Mrs Tnrfit was fairly grasping for breath. " Two of them I" she mnttered, in horrified accents, wondering if she were not losing her mind. " Not dead I" Jasper ejaculated, almost un contcunuly, icy hands seeming all at once to clutch him. His breath came thick, hi* limbj seemed paralysed. Wat he glad f Did be even remember in this supreme moment the agonies of remorse he had suffered, the pangs of guilty fear that had torn, hi* soul! Not at all I He only felt that the man ▼hose identity he had ttokn and whom he npposed dead and btuM had com* back to Uke from him all that he had woo by his wickedness, and ho hated him mom bitterly than Cain did Abel. Kenrick, Uo, seemed ttnnned with amaze mtot at first sight of his brother. •' You here I" he excla<med at last, in stern and bluer tone* "How is thatj How come yon here? Whore do you anppoae I bare beeuJ To prison ia your place! Sleeping In a felon* cell that belonged to you 1 How i* it J Why are yon here while I m there 1 I could never convince Captain Dunning that 1 was not Kick Halsey. He sneered and mocked at cvervtning I and he «*ore that if I contrived to gel away from prison every day in the jear, ju«t so often would he hunt me down and take me back. Ua is after me now; bo may corno into this houie at any moment. What are you going to do about it I Which shall he take I' Jasper was thinking fast. He glanced at the housekocper and saw that she was com pletely onfonnded and bewildered hvery ihing that Kenrick had siid was to her as if he had spoken in an unknown tongue. " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, " Captain Dunning shan't hare either of as —not yon, at any rate. Come with me and let ns talk it over. How tired yon look I Hare yon been ill J" He went and pat his arm aronnd Kenrick with an affectionate air. " Come I" he said, gently. At the same time he looked at Mrs Turfit. behind hit brother and tonchiog his fore head significantly, shook his head gloomily. Poor Kenrick had been through ao much, and, however he had oicaperl from Captain Dunning, «<i still snfferinij fr >m the effects •if Doctor Yarle's wicked drags. His brain was very far from clear. He had suffered so much, been mucked at, jeered, and derided, that ■ kind word sank into his soul. He was so weak in body and mind that, after the first indignant outburst, hU eyes filled with tears at his wicked brothers hyyocritical kindness and .loving manner, and he let Ja«per take him where he would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Tnrfit as they were, goini; ont. The hoasekeeper had scarcely moved since he made his appearance at the '-Won't yon bring m a lunch to my room?'' he said, graci-mtly. "Our friend h-re »ccmi faint. A few oyiters. any cold meat, anything that cornea handy, and'a' 'mttle of win ■." ' : , ■ «No wine for mt I' Kenrick broke in, de cidedly. ''?"» know how I hata it: don't *..u. Mr»"Tur6i! Bine me one of" those jvlicinos cdi* <>f lea you kn "r a • well bo* !<■ btvw M.» y a one yon lure madofur, me." < The hoa-fkerper ir»ve him»qaick.i-xsilerl |-t»k. and Jasper bit hit lip SMttgnly ' - One to the bad," he thought. " Why roaldn't I remembrr how odd he always was about wine I" I Ab he c >nductri Kenrick slowly along to hi- apartments he wondered, with a chilly thrill, what was meant about -aplain Oannine. ConM then be anything in it t •• Ho<r queer too" he thought, " that he nays nothing about his wife!" "Krnrtck Prince asked after his mother, and -lanper evasively teld him «he was well, bat ne never mentioned Sibyl, bis wife. He was quite clear that he had been in prirau in his cunvict brother's place, bnt he could not tell bow he got there. He remem. bend: nothing about the railway disaster, D.ictor Varle, or his marriage. In short, something very queer seemed to have happened to his mem ry. It was partly the result of Jus injuries and partly Doctor Varle's drags. Jas(>er was quick, to see that something was wrong and to exult in it. It made what he meant to do just so much easier. "If I only knew certainly whether Dun ning has had him I" he mused, anxiously, his blood chilling at the very thought. ■■ But I. believe he only imagines that." Mrs Turfit came presently with the lunch he had ordered, and he could see by the way she looked at Kenrick that she wai excited and snipiclons. "How bothered she is I" he thought " She can't make it out" . As the housekeeper left the room, her oar row, pale eyebrows were contracted thought tally, and her thin lips compressed in an ex pression that meant mischief to somebody. ■ •■ Thank goodness he didn't ask for the Keys I" she said, as she turned her steps to ward the tower-reoms once more. "I am almost sure, myself," she muttered, with the same cunning, wicked look, "though he it mightily changed. Bat here Is somebody will know I" Sibyl Prince had not thought of retiring The old gardener's lsoki haunted her. She had been walking about all the time, np and down, np and down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange thoughts that woofd sweep over her, bnt in vain. What was it the gardener had seen J What hau made him look at her in that white, puzzled way? Ghosts/ What ghost I whose ghnst! The lovely eyes were burning bright, the sweet face flushed with the fever of thought that consumed her. At light of Mrs Tnrfit's mean, malicious face, she stood still, her hands clasped tightly, outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while her heart beat fiercely against her side. The hoosekeei«r was looking at her with the same expression, James Reeie had worn. Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, edd smile. "It is an utter impossibility for yon to even (pest what 1 am here for," she said, In a hateicj and malicious voice," and yet to look at yo. one would think yon knew." Sibyl did aot ntter a word, bnt her looks showed that thi was suffering. The housekeeper would have liked to tor tare her longer, bnt she wai too impatient heftelf. " Come with me 1" she eaid, going quickly ont of the room, Sibyl clasped her hands upon her hearing boom, and followed in silence. The wom«n went straight back to the room in which she left the two men at their lunch. At tie-door she pansed, looking strangely at Sibyl. From within came the sound of the two voice* plainly—one so different from the other—though they could not distinguish a word. Sibyl's beautiful face wai white as death. Her large eyes burned aa with white flames. Ai she morei forward, Sin Turflt shrank out ot her way. SiWyl pot her h»nd apon the door. It was locked. She tamed upon the housekeeper with a fierce and desperate gesture. The woman stared excitedly. Then the almost ran down the passage to another door and tried it. Ai it yielded to her band, the whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. ** You c*a go through this, right into the room where they are." shs said, burriedy, pushing her a little and following quickly a* Sibyl darted to the door indicated and wrenched it open. Jaaper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he ni just lifting to his lip* fell with a craib. There «v only one face, in the whole wide world, he woold not rmther hare teen at this moment than Sibyl'i, and that was Captain John Dunning's. Kenrick's back ■>■ to the door. He had not teen his wife yet. There was one chance for Jasper to fling himself on Sibyl and thrust her oat of the room, before her husband did see her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, quicker (till, she eluded him, Hubert lr<>m bil outstretched hands and fell almost faint iog at Kcarick's feet. Th«n earned a strange scene. Juper stood glaring, looginf, yet not daring, to tear the beautiful woman from that place, and drag her bacK to the tawtr rooms. Mrs Tarfit had come into tb« apartment and was standing Tery Dear, but he had not seen her. ■< Look at your brother I" she whispered. " He don't know her." Jasper lifted his eyes to Kenriek's face, and a shiver of horrible exultation ran through him. •• lt't trua 1 He hai forgotten her, too 1 be mattered, through his clenched teeth. The room was very still. Sibyl knelt, hall embracing her husband, her lovely ejes fastened upon bit handsome, haggard face with the straajtat wprewom, •Wlljr, that ever a woman's countenance won. Her ashy lips moved over the words, " Not dead, not dead!" jast as Jasper ha.l «aid, but no sound cans) from them. She was stricken dumb with awe aid wonder Kenrick aat like a statue. He might ha*r been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad black eyes, that looked so strangely into thoso of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted he. •oft lipn at first, Iroze there. Into the sweet, white face came an agony of fear, incrsdullty and despair, beyond words, " Ken," she breathed at Jait, faintly— '■ Ken 1" CHAPTKB XXX. aOMR DIAMOND BIJCOB. There was no answer—only a strange, pity ing stare from the unhappy man—* forced, mechanical smile. Her arms fell away from hist. She row slowly and stiffly to her feet. " Father in heaven I" she ejaculated. "Is this my Kenrick, or only another cheat 1 Or have 1 gone mad at last, as they tried to make me 1 Kenrick—my Ken—my be loved 1" She reached and touched his hand with hers. ' Yoa are Ken—yes, you an I Bat oh, my GoJ, how strangely yon louk at me 1" She covered her face with her hands ; her sobs lil ed the room—sounds of fearful, of heartrending woe and anguiah. Kenrick Prince turned to bis brother. He lifted bis thin, white, trembling hands wit a piteous gesture of amazement, deprecation and pain. Jasper saw his opportunity. He came toward. HU most wicked look in the hand some, wicked eves that were so wonderfully like, so horribly unlike his brother Ken rick's. '• You don't know this yoang lady—do yon, Ken (" he said, in his sprightliett manner. " You don't know who she i» I" "I don't, indeed!" Kenrick answered, knitting hit p tic, delicate brows anxiously. Ja»pcr wu trembling from head to foot with the excitement of the lunation. HU vof a sonaded noane nt thick at he ipjke. '■ It wa< «nch an awful, and icious, dastardly lie which he uttered. : "My brother." he a»id, "this ia my wife;' ■ lie paused to see if Kenrick would con tradict Him; but he did not. Sibyl lifted her bead. Jasper did not look at her. "She takes you for me," he went on. •' We look m> much alike, you know." ••Hut Bhe called me by my name." "Ton most p>rdon her for that. She i* a little wrong in her head. .She baa heard me speak of you She calls me Kenrick sometimes." Sibyl's sobs had ceased, She stared from one to the other, stunned with horror. " Poor girl!" Kenrick mnrmured, very low, looking at her compassionately with his beautiful, kind eyes. Jasper's first impulse was to go and put his arm round Sibyl; but he thought better of it, and moving to a position just behind his brother; leaned slightly over him, and from this vantage ground be stowed upon the dazed girl a rowing and exultant smile. For the first time in all Sibyl's know lodge of bim, the wretch really frightened her. She felt as though an iron hand were gripping her heart, and alowly crushing all the life blood out of it Her brain reeled, her svnsee seemed go ing, an awful blackness was swallowing her. She struggled against it with all bar might, but in vain. She was failing falling. Jasper and Kenrick both sprang to save her. it was her husband who reached her first, tittering aa he caught her a low cry of teoderest compassion and dismay that thrilled her to the soul, and drove back, aa if by saagic, the tide of unoonsciousneav. Sha had just strength, when Jasper tried to take her from that dear clasp, to lift one white arm and wind it round her husband's neck, as with, a dying cluton. It was aot easy to remove her. Jasper was alarmed. He took hold of the delicate arm, and palled ■aito roaghly in his effort to loose it Sibyl moaned feebly. " Don't! Can't you see you are hurting her?" Kenrick exclaimed, almost fiercely. Jasper fell back with a snppre—ed oath. " You had better lay her down some where," suggested *» Toft*, sweetly. " It is always better t» lay a parson down in a fainting fit" "Of course. Put her on this couch. Ken I" exclaimed Jasper, buttling into the next room. Sibyl's arm tightened about her hus band's neck. •• Darling 1" she whispered, agonisedly, " Don't you remember Lily ? Dcn't jou know Lily ? Ob, try and remember. Do try, beloved !" " Let me help yon, Mr Kenrick," inter posed Mrs Turfit "You don't look fit" Kenrick stared at her with bewildered, troubled looks. " Lily Vhe murmured. " lily t Where hare 1 heard that namo before ?" "It is my wife's name," Jasper said, oeolly. And with a sudden fierce wrench he tore Sibyl from his brother's clasp and bore her into the next room. Kenrick remained, staring straight be fore him with wild, fixed look* and his two hands holding his bead. " lily ?" ho muttered, still with quiver ing lips. " Lily F Lily ?" as though he was trying to ranber. Sibyl retained her consciousness per fectly, but she felt faint and weak, aad she wanted time to think. As Jasper placed her on the couch, she closed her eyes and pretended to be ia a deep swoon. Jasper stood over, with clenched hands and grinding teeth, listening to his brother. Mrs Turfit stepped np beside him steal thily. " You're in a pretty tight place, I should say," ah* whispered. " What will yon give mo to help yon oat P" He looked at her keenly a moment; then he put hi* hand in hu pocket, and pulled cut three handsome diamoad rings—a soli taire, a cluster and a circle; the but set and purity. "My mother's rings," he said. " You may have your pick if you get her back into the tower without him seeing her again—and keep her there!" he added. The housekeeper's eyes gleamed with avaricu and vanity. " You'll n<ed my help straight on," she said. " Giro them all to me, and I'll see you through." Jasper hesitated. Inwardly he coned her for her greediness. " You can't do one thing without me," the-woman whispered again. " Where is Mils Garr ?" he asked. " She was to be driven to the station. 1 don't know any more than that. Gone for help for Mrs Kcnrick, it's likely," the woman said, with a jerk of her head toward Sibyl and a broad grin. Juper started. Danger* were thicken ing around him. Dunning might appear at any moment. Mias Garr had gone to him. Uut the most imminent peril was this, tight here now facing him. At any cost Sibyl and her husband must be kept apart. Help he must have to accomplish it— he could do nothing alone —and there was no one to f umiah it in Bella's absence ex cept this woman, and he inoald bare to brib* her anyway to make her hold her tongue. Eren he shrank from the descration of using his mother's rings for such a pur pow, bat be had no saoney. Mrs Tarfit was watching him. The hithterto cringing and subservient house keeper had altered her demeanour greatly witain the last hour. AB insolent, dort—wing light fl«un«i from her ■mall mi, aad her ttia, mUow " I shmdaVt think jt»'4 weal to ooay aider of it long," ah* sass. •■ I aright awtka you pay me mote—Hi gnat deal mum ■fin I know who yoo tint m 4 what you art." Jatper shuddered. In the next room ha could ace Kenrick excitedly walking up aad down, ttill re peating over in anxious, troubled tonet: "Liiy ! Ulyl lily!" Ha knew that strangely vanishing memory might cose back at any mosssat. He extended hit hand with the rings—a marTellou glittering heap. 11 Take them I" he amid. The woman grabbed lhati with an abaard eagerness that wmld ha»t batn lasghable under any other circumttaness. " Now attend to her," Jasper said, sternly, -and do it well I (Jet her away f*oa hen jatt at quickly at possible. Will you do it!" " I will." Ir never oceaned to Jasper (o wonder how the would do it He went into the next room, doting the door between the two carefsUy. Mrt Turfit stood for an iaatant gloating over her rings ; then, with a gianoe at Sibyl, stepped to the clots.! door and stood trying to (leu what wat going oa btyoad. Sibyl cautiously openei her eyes a little. The door by which the ennning none keeper stood was at aotae dittnace from the conch, and her back was to tarn*. Atthefjot ol the couch wat the door into the hall through whteh Sibyl had ooaat a little before whan the broke in to ■wspactadry apon Jatper and his most unwelcome guest. Thit last door Sibyl resolved to roach, aad if possible escape by it. Everything—her hatband's lift, bar all of hope or happiness—the felt depended on her retaining her liberty, and sot falling again into Jaaper't power. Her strength had come back to her at the awful, the frightful need for II Her mind was steady aad clear. Osrefallj, noiselessly, the draw herself op, first to a titling posture, and let her limbs slip gtntly to the floor. roe housekeeper's ear was e'ose to the dour, her eyes devouring her ring?, which already adorned one short, psdgy hand. Sbe could only dlttiagweh a word now aa I then of what was goto; on in the nexi room, bu. Kenrick't voia was raised iHghtlj, wnilu Juper seeotal to be arguing gently with him, la silky lontt. Sio.l watofl the couch now. Her slip pered feet male no »mud at sbe glMe-1 • fa* sept, till she reached Ibe door into the h»ll, sail had her hand upon it. It yielded to her touch as silently a though iv h ngos bad been of down, and she flitted through it like a shadow Vuy shmtly after Mm Turft glanced camlestly toward the couch, and saw that it m> empty. The mJlciout aad spiteful hoasekecper wat perha^ never to near tainting in hei life. She m that the door at the foot of the couch wai partly open. She sprang to it wildly. " She can't be gone more than a minute," sbe muttered, as the darted through, ran along the corridor and down the broad stair way leading to the front door. The big double door* wer» both twinging, and the landed the could tee Sibyl I'lince runniug some dittaqce down the avenue. Shu went after her a little way, and then stopping, deliberately retraced her slept. ■■ What it the use of being a fosl 1" ah* told herself, angrily. ■■ 1 couldn't catch her if 1 tried, and if 1 overtook ncr I could not make ber cume back. Sbe hat gone after help, and the will gtt it, too. The best 1 can do it to go back to thu house and make all 1 can uul of this business before there i» a grand »math-up " She went inside, closed and locked the great double doors carefully, and then has tened to the tower, where the locked the door communication with the main part of the mansion. She had jatt ace implishad this, when she taw Jasper Prince co sing hurriedly towards her, breathless and pale. CHAPTER XXXI. DOBCAB BTJJI, HIaBD JBOM. As Kn Turfit saw Jasper Frinoa ap proaching, brnsthle— ud pale, her first thought m that he bad discovered Sibjl'i flight. Bat he bad not. He supposed that «he had jmt locked hi* hapleasbrother t lovely young wife into the towei roomi. "If the safe t Did the make you v; trouble ? " he demanded, eagerly. Mn Turfit't sparita roat, m the taw that he did not aiupect anything wrong. She wai r-ating violently, from the haste the had just been ninhit*g "Yet, (he made me a good deal of toouble," *he answered, andariontly. "If I had not been an nacommonly itrong woman, I coold never hare got her here at all. 1 had to hold her mouth with oma hand, to keep her bom •creaming, and drag her with tar other. Did you hear utF" " I didn't hear anything at all," Jasper ■aid '■Perhapa you'were making too muak> noUe younelf," the aouatfcasajsr suggested, boldly. He loohad at her sharply. "I m your curioaity ii very muob excited over my visitor," he Mid, in alow, cold tone*. "I will tell you about him. He is a sort of Mat atootmmetaw—,wh» tut been troubled with jut a«eb ttrange fancie* aa you heard him tiKrwi, a good many yean. HebeooaMa rery violent at times, and hit friend* have bow obliged to keep him under restraint ia ooaaaauence. 1 presume mm of thaat will be here in •earch of hi« by, or perhaps before, morning. Meanwhile, if you should hear any unusual noiae, you will know what it mean*." The imall, b*ady eye* of the house keeper, and tie wicked black one* of the man, met in a alow, keen gate. "1 shall believe just aa aiuch of that story ai 1 am paid to believe, Mr Haltty!" the housekeeper said. His face darkened suddenly. He went toward her a step "If you nrrr nmrk me, ever," he biased —"call me by that naiae again, 1 will choke you with these two hands tUI every atom of breath is out of your body I" Mrs Torfit tarnsd groan with fear. She put up both hands. " Keep off, keep off!" she cried," or I'll " You fool!" he returned. " I'd strangle the first sound in your throat Shut up! I haven't touched you; but 1 will, if you put on too many airs. And don't talk to me about pay! You bare got your pay for to-night's doings, and you will get no more at present." The housekeeper was thoroughly cowed. She began to edge sway from him cautiously. " If he find* out Sibyl Prince has gone, he will murder me sure," she thought. "I—l think I will go to bed. if you don't need me," the said. She went toward her own apartment*, and Jasper retained to his. If Mn Turflt had a soft place in her heart, it wa* for Kawiek Priaoc. The plain, faasy, auddla-atjad woman had been silly enough to iamghni herself in lore with the handsome young heir, and her hatred of Bibyl wa* pan *nvy aad spite, growing out of that fonliihm— She only w«»t a little way toward her own roams, and stole back after Jaapar as soon aa she dared. "He shan't but kirn," ah* muttered. "I won't hare that, and 111 tall him so if tries. rUrDU«eT*ry**rftmtiathehoa*t> to stop it. Idon'tfeelonabitaleeey. I'll go into oae of those moats on the other tide ot the hall and watch. There's danger of too ma*\y thing* hi waning hare before daylight for me to g* toted." She could hear aoma alight moT«a»ent in Jasper's apartment*, bat no Toioss. She wonderad to hersslf if Kenriek Frince could be aalasp. Bte*at4owmbyth*4oor.withit*lifhUy apart, to listen. Bat she was not a*am to wanking. She fell soundly aaWep ptinntly. with hsr head again* taw wafca-d smt cfstwd WafHtmmW wk-Ugnt, whn *• m reused by the cmagina; of the front en tauoebaU. She ttarted up, cold aad stiff, and looking wildly about her, unable at first to renumber when the wat. Then it all came back to her. Tho door bell rang again. <" That it Sibjl Prince," the housekeeper said. "She it bringing the offioen to arrest somebody." And the began to tremble. Bhe took the diamond rings out of her picket and looked at them. "I with I had not taken them," the thought "But I don't believe tho knows." And the pat them beck in her pocket. :Then the heard Jatper oome out of his worn and go downstair*. 'He had discovered it was only a mes stager boy from Hampton, and he harried to tee what he had brought. ■rsTnrfit darted acrou the hall and tried hit door. It was a»t locked. She went through into the inner room. A low cry broke from her lipt. Kenrick Prince, tied hand and foot, and gagged with a ttout handkerchief, lay on the coach where Sybil had lain but a little while before. Hi* eyes were cloaed. A bin parple lamp on one tide of his pale fore- Lead told ita own tale. Che housekeeper almost fainted with horror. "Be hat killed him—he will Ml me too," wM thought. ■ Kcariek Prince wat sot dead, howler. He opened hiieyee, and looked »t the house keeper, with a dumb agony of appeal that haunted her to her dying day. But the dared not Mop. Already the ha ded the coald hear Jasper returning. Banning out of the room, the re-lockd the door with linking fingers and hurried through the other into the corridor. Jatper Prince wat juit comiag back, hit expected telegism in hit hand. lie looked pale and excited, troubled and angry. If he had not been ntterly confuted »nd ttartloJ by the atrann content! of the teloiram. he mutt have noticed Mrt Turfii'a frightened appearance. The housekeeper stammered (ometbing abont having just come from the tower, and being on her way to the door to »cc who bad rang, but he scarcely looked at her. Grumbling something almost inaudible, he puahid mJt-lr put her, went into hit room «nd locked the door after him. Hi? telegram fu from Belle, of coorte, though it wai signed " Dorcaa Kael." Hut it waa a very different menage from that he had ezpecteJ :— "Am most unavoidably detained. Bntt nott of utmost importance to you Thunder ■n the air I M«n coming to ne you. Be cutioui!—Dobcas Kuil." Jasper Prince wat utterly confounded Hit perils, instead of lettening, seemed to thicken about him. He mined Belle horribly. She always taw * way to help him oat of hit troubles. What did the mean by " thunder in the air" and " man coming to tee you f" Could she mean Dunning I (She might hare got bold of the situation about Kenrick, and suddenly it occarred to Him that she might have been at the bottom of the whole mystery. Dunning could never bare got hold of Kenrick withuut somebody helping him. But be had to give it up. He wtt bail wild with excitement, nerTOutnest, and anxiety. Captain Dunning might appear at any moment, and he thonld hare to face him mmtelf, or risk worse—though really it seemed at if nothing could be worse. He felt that he could ne»er go through with it wiihont betraying himself. If he had known that, in addition to atl ins rat, Sibjl Prince tru at liberty, he won id bare thoogbt that the situation wu Jesperate indeed. "If I coalil give Kenrick something to pnt him asleep, he thought," it would be •a much ea- ier managing him. I wonder if Doctor Varle did not leave tome tort of •leaping stuff 1a hii xoon I I will so and »cc" He went ont of hii room, carefully locking hi* door. He fonnd Hra Tarfit in her own apart •nent looking Teij uneasy and anxious, eren at sight of him. He atked ber for the keys of ths tower. The scared woman's teeth fairly chattered. "I—l am afraid I hare lest them," she ttammcrtd. "I hare been looking «very where for them." At thi* moment the door-bell rang again. " I had better go aud we who that it," the pale housekeeper Mid, glad of any exeat* to get awa> from him. It might be Sibjl Prince with a whole prase of constables at her back; bat any thing wm better than this man jost now. Jasper wm white with apprehension, and let her go. He followed noiie!e»sly to the head of the great itairway, and watched from that lark lag place, while the opened the door and ad mitted a gentleman a total stranger, ai Jaaper taw; yet his heart sank with vague doubt and dread. He heard the stranger ask for Mr Prince; torn he gave Mrs Tarfit a letter to take to 818. Jasper draw back oat of sight at the boost keeper came up with the letter an<l moTed slowly along the upper ball, timing th« letter over and over, studying the oat aide as though she woatd giT« anything to know the content*. He stopped softly behind her, and, reach ing over her shoulder, snatched the letter oat of her band. The woman barely snpprested a scream. Jasper harried away to his own room to read the letter. He woalii not trast himself to do so where (he housekeeper could see him. It was from Relle, he perceived instantly, and bore, baside the sapertcripiioD, the Irgtnd : " Recommending Mr Gervase Trent for thi position of valet." Jasper stared, livid with rage, fear, and wonder. 11 What does she mean I" he mattered, as he wrenched the envelope off. <• MY dbab Nipbiw," he read : " Sorry to disappoint yoa, bat I can't come quite vet. I dare not explain on paper why I stay. I will be with yoa positively to-morrow morning if yoa send a carriage to meet me at the 10 o'clock express." ••To-morrow 1" Jaspsr interjected "Hh» might m well d*t*> oooie." not he read on: " Meanwhile, keep on the right tide of the gentleman who brings you this. He hat a fancy to hire to yon at valet, and you bad belter engage him at \ii oirn price till I come. In fact, you mutt do so. There is no getting round that More when I come.— Yoar affectionate aunt, Doboas Buel." Jasper fairly ground his teeth. ■'Worse and worse and more o! it," he said. "Well, I have got to see Mr Trent right away, and find what 1 have to expect. There is evidently danger in the man, some bow, and be his to be conciliated till Belle gelt back, anymty. Oh, if Donning will only keep off I" He rang his bell. It wa* still early, bat the servtnts were beginning to ihow themselves. One of them answered the summons, aud was told to bring Mr Trent np at once. "Idou't like having him hen with Ken rick in yonder,'' ba Buttered ; " but It can't b* helped." 