A STDDYWl SCARLET. 1 Br A. OONAN DOYLE, * . ' W 'Antiior ol 'Mb* Ota**/* -TW8if«il 4fl ? ?.\\-;'l,,i FABT IL I'M TaxOoamrornuBAum. ?v CiurTu VL—A OasmtnuatTMr or m B» ' ^ nanaaarocs or rfoe* Tuoaom, jliu ; ; Our priMMrft furiosi hmmm -1U IHk '«-' apparently indicate aajr famitr ia Mi «?-'% pontion toward* owaalvM, for oa tftiftafbfcB* y. \--|— Him tn ?iTIiit 1- m ?ffitili mtmm ' aad ezpraaad hh boots that k* Bad MtGfe, : any oTu. ia *J» Muffle, «l nmjSSS going to take mo to the poUw rt-Ua%^Wa» - ; marked to BtMtfeok ftilam ' M-. mUi at the door. If yoa'U loow m HP 1» «5| * f do»a toil. I'm m* to KthftoffltaalS . !~2a^JaaM%aa a«ul ** ' ' -* ? m _? ? _^^_ a- if tE«y thought this propoeitto.' , ™ hoES V bat Holm« a* one* took tbatwiaaaaT alS word and looMaed Mm toMl^rUeT«VlS bound round hia ankles. H* rOHaad Mntoaai hia lega as though to assure htratlf teat aW were free once more. I camnbar taalX thought to myself as I ?yaibiasba* I bat teldom seen a more powerfully built Basm. awl his dark, sunburned faos ban s* axptsaawaaf X detarminatioo and aaetwj wfaka was as aw- ^ midabtoas his persoaal ajreagsh. . *Tf there's a vacant place tor a obiel ot £ta~~ polios I reckon you are the man for it,' he said, gazing with undisguised admiration a* my fellow- lodger. 'The way you kept on my trail was a caution.' 'You had better come with me,' eaid Hobne3 to the two detectives. ' I can drive you,' said Lestrade. 'Good ! and Gregson can come inside with - me. Yon too, doctor. You bave taken an interest in the case and may as well stick to us.' I assented gladly and we all descended to gether. Out prisoner made no attempt ab esoape, but etepped calmly into the cab whioh had- .-been; his and we followed him. Leetrade mounted the box, 'whipped up the home, and broughtus in a very Bhorl time to our destina tion. ;?: We were ushered into' a small chamber, ' \- where ji police inspector noted down our pri soner's name and the names of the men with whose mtuder he had been charged. The official -whs a white-faced unemotional man, who went through his dubies in a dull mechani cal way. 'The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week,' he said ; 'in the meantime, Mr. Jefferson Hope, bavo you anything that you wish to say ? I must warn you thab your words will be token down and may be used against you.' ' I've gob a good deal to say,' our prisoner said elowly. 'I want to tell you gentlemen all about it.' 'Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial ?' aaked the inspector. 'I may never be tried,' he answered. 'You needn't looked startled. It isn't suicide I am thipkiDg of. Are you a doctor?' Ho turned his fierce dark eyes upon me as he asked this lasb question. A, ir*.— T ? if r ? 9 'Then put your hand here,' be said with a smile, motioning with his manacled wrists towards his chest. I did so and became at once conscious of an extraordinary throbbing and commotion which was going on inside. The walls of his chest seemed to thrill and quiver as a frail building would do inside when eome powerful engine was ab work. In the silence of the room I could bear a dull bumming and buzzing noiso which proceeded from the same source. 'Why,' I cried, 'you have an. aortio aneurism.'' * ? . 'Turn's what they call ib,' he said placidly. ' I went to a doctor last week about it and ho , told me that it is bound to burst before many days passed. It haa been getting worse for years. I gob it from over-exposure and under* feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've done Diy work now and I don': care how soon, I go, bub I should like to leav^ some account of the business behind me. 1 don'o want to ba remembered as a common cut-throat.' The inspector and the two detectives had a hurried discussion as to the advisability of allowing 'him to tell his story. 'Do you consider, doctor, that there is im med iate danger ?' tbe former askej. ' Most certainly there b,' I answered. - 'In thab case it is clearly our duty, in the interests of justice, to take his statement,' said the inspector. 'You are ab liberty, sir, to give your account, which I again warn you will be taken down.' ' I'll sit down, with your leave,' the prisoner said, suiting the action to the word. 'This aneurism of mine makes me easily tired, and tbe tussle we had half an hour ago has nob mended matters. I'm on the brink of tho grave* and I am nob 1 kely to lie to you. Every . word I say is the absolute truth, and how you use it is a matter of no consequence to me.' . - With these words Jefferson Hope leaned back in his chair and bpgan tbe following re- '. markable statement. He spoke in a calm and ' methodical manner, as though the eventa : which he narrated Were commonplace enough. : I -un vouch for the accuracy of the subjoined account), for I bave had access to Lestrade's .: note-book, in whioh the prisoner's words wero . ; taken down exactly as they were uttered. ' It don't much matter to you why I hated .-.' ?. these men,' he Baid ; 'it's enoueh that they were guilty of tbe death of two human beings- '?' — a father and a daughter — and that they had, -'. ?-*?-; therefore, forfeited their own lives. After tha lapse of tirne that has passed since their orima- . ? it was impossible for me to secure a conviction ' '? spaitist them in any courb. I knew of their guilt though, and I determined that I should -: be judge, jury, and executioner all rolled into' '^ one. You'd have done the same if you have ... any manhood in you if you had been in my - . place. ? , ' - 'That girl thab I spoke of was to have- '';. married me twenty yean ago. She was forced. into marrying thab same Drebber and broke . her heart over it. I took the marriage ring ., ' from her dead finger and I vowtd thab bU '/ dying eyes ehould rest upon that very ring,- - ' and thab bis lasb thoughts should be of the . * ;; crime for which he was punished. I have . * ' carried it about with me and bave followed.' : \ him and hie accomplice over two continents A until I caught them. They thought to tire ma J - out, but they could not do ie. If I die So- ' morrow, as is likely enough, I die knowing ? '^ that mv work in this world is done, and well ' ; yl done. T-iey havo perished, and by my hand. ''?;' There is nothing left for me to hope for or to- -\^ desire. .... :?..??;.- ' _: ''; 'They were rich and I was poor, eo that it . -** was no easy matter for me to followthem, . ?? ? When I gob to London my pocket was about ' /;.. empty and I found thab I must turn my hand /; i; to something for my living. Driving and: ^: riding are as otftural to me as walking, 'so I 'ic. applied at a cab owner's office and soon got ;-; ' employment. Iwaa to .being a certain euia'»;-#. week to the owner and whatever was ovbV /?V5 that I might keep for myself. There wim'-:::::^ eeldom much over, but I managed to scrape- ^ along somehow. The hardest job was to.leam ,::C -. my way about, for ? I '-m^jg-iK^ mans that ever were cotaayeaWm^m^^a^-^y^pi pnncipalhoteU and stations Tg^^^ ' It wasjsqme time before I found bui-*ieBBrf|P^ my ? ?tw^^gen»n'!w|re, living ;_,biifrs| !@HpH| droppea^^sB^sia^BQgF^en ;4Ji'*|boatⅈ^P ing-bouse at Camber«^^pty«^n the other. :^g nide of the river. Wtenipiid^fonnd themou* '?$$& I knew that I haal^h-|a^rt-my taejrcy^^ttll had grown my beard and there'waa no' chanceSg/icif of their recognising me. I would dog them ?iS and followythem until I saw my opportunity. Ss? I was determined thatthey should not -escape ^% me again. ? '?'^???r. ? ?' ':'' '.-?:-^.':-3--KvSii ' They were very neardoing it tor; :all'--lfcai»^ - : if .Go where they would about London, I was ; 5-: always at their heels. Sometimes-I;fpTlow^- C% them on my oab and .sometimes on €6i-b,j bus -^% tbe former wai tbe best, for then th^-!qilld^i not get away from me. It was only ^ly i|fcs ^ the morning or late at mght that I eouiaiartt ^ W anything, bo that I began $o ^ «et Wlip^ with my employ-|.; -J «'O «o» mind -H-wllwftPlli ever; ailongaH%*oula Uy my haad^S^^m menlwantedsfc-;-' : .. '.'?-' 'S^-^^^M 'They were^^i^^ounniiigthoughiiS-gm^p must have thought that there -was- ;eotD»5fS chance of their being followed, fprth-F-wou!4Sp| never go oub alone and never after nightfiU.'lS During two weeks X drove behind -than? '$imr§jm day and never once saw lihemyeeparaW^S Drebber himself was drunk half the €m^^Ki^» Stangersonwasnot to be caught «iymffij£fgl^§i watched them late and early, tetBeVerw^fe® ghost of a «hance; but I wss^otaiaooBraj^a^lg for something told me .'-tnat :&b; '$attmffim& almost come? My only fear was tbaV-ftS^B thing in my eheet might buxrt alit& too»oo¥:fei| and leave my work undone.^ ^M'^^isSSm ' At last one evening I wasdrivinR up and' 41* down Torquay-terrace, *» we fitreet wa-adlea?4S in which they bearded, iwben I eaw a ca-dri?»W^ up to their door. Presently ttme' 1n^as£$0J*jj^ brought put and after »,twie;Dreb1^?»nls|S Staugerson followed it sndjdrove off. J wlmjBeM aSS up my horee and kept w^tbin«ig1tatt|^^^ form. I heard them Mk l&ciftgM;^^^^ train and the guard answer^ayoo|^rafflB^P RoaeandtWre^ouia^^^^^^^ hours. StangerBon seemed ib -be %*3fiyll 1 at that, bat Drebber. waa rathhr S^*»d '^ in the bustifi th&Vl;^a^™T^'j^|l . ^b^^M^^^^^^nf^Wrel^^^g vhat Stanjrereon raid to that, bat the other bant oab swotting, and reminded him that be ins nothing more than hie paid servant Mid that lie must not preeome to diotate to him. On that the secretary gave it up m a bad job and simply bargained with him tbat II be mused the last train he should rejoin him at HnUiday'e Private Hotel ; to which Drebber answered tha* he would be back on «be platform before eleven, and made his way on* of the station. 'Hie moment fbr-whioh I had waited so long had at hut com*. I had my enemies _^i£;«. _?. ?»«_?» TiuntW t-hav nonld DrO teot eaoh other, bnt singly they were at my meroy. I did not aot, however, with undue precipitation, lly plans were already formed. Them is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realise who it la that strikes him and why retribution hae come upon him. I had my plans arranged by which I should have the opportunity of making the man who had wronged me understand that his old sin had found him out. It obancied that some days before a gentle man who had been engaged in looking over some bouses in the Brixton -road had dropped the toy of one of them in my carnage. It was claimed that eame evening and re turned, but in the interval I had taken a moulding of it and had a duplicate con etmcted. By means of this I had access to at least one spot in this (treat city where I oould rely upon b°ing free from interruption. How to get Drebb-r to thit bouse was the difficult problem which I had now to solve. 'He walked- down the road and went into ore or two liquor ehopp, staying for nearly half an hour in the last of them. When he came out he staggered in his walk and was evidently pretty well on. There was a hansom just in front of me and he hailed id. I followed it eo close that the nose of my horse waa within a yard of his driver the whole way. We rattled across Waterloo bridge and through miles of etreete, until, to -my astonishment, we found ourselves back in the terrace in whioh he had boarded. I could not imagine what bis intention was in returning there ; but I went on and pulled up my cab a hundred yards or so from the house. He en tered it and his hansom drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets 'dry with the talking.' I handed him the glass and he drank it down. 'That'* better,' he said. 'Well, I waited for a quarter of an hour or more, when suddenly there came a noise like people struggling iutide the bouse. Next moment the door was fluug open and two men appeared, one of whom was Drebber. and the other was a young chap -whom I had never Been before. This fellow had Drebber by the collar and when they came to the bead of the steps he gave him athove and a kick which sent him half acroes the road. 'You honud ! '' he cried, shaking his stick at bim ; ' 111 teach you to insult au honest girl !' He was eo hot that I think lie would have thrashed Drebber with bis cudgel, only that the our staggered away dorcn the road as fast as his legs would carry hiu. Ue ran as far as the oorutr and then seeing my cab he bailed me and jumped in. 'Drive uie to Halliday's ' When I had him faitly inside my cab my heart jumped so with joy that I feared lest at this last moment my aneurism might go wrong. I drove along slowly, weighing in my oivn m.nd what it was best to do. 1 might take him right out into the country and there in eoniede eerted lane have my last interview with him. I had almost decided upon this when he solved the problem f.»r me. The craze for drink had seized him again and he ordered me to pull lip outside ot a gin palace He went in, leav ing word that 1 should wait for him. There be remained until cloving time, and when he came out he waa to far pone that I know tbe game was in ruy own handn. ' Don't imagine that 1 intended to kill him in cold blood. It would only have been rigid justice if I hod done eo, but- 1 could not bring * lnyeelf to do it. I had long determined that be tbould have a show for his life it he, chose to take advantage of it. Among the many billets which 1 have filled in America during my wandering life I was once janitor and f weeper-out of the laboratory at York College. One day the professor was lecturing on poisous and he ehowed his students porce alkaloid, as he called it, which h« had extracted from some South American arrow poison, and which wafi so powerful that the least grain meant instant d^ath. I spotted the bottle in which t'tiis pre paration was kept and when they .were all pone I helped mypelf to a liit'e of it. I wa« a fairly good dispenser, to I worked this alkaloid into Fmall soluble pills and each pill I put in a box with a similar pill made without the j-oit-ou. I determined at the time that when I ha-i my chance my jrentleaieu nhnuJd each have a draw out of one of these boxes while J aw the pill that remained. Io would be quile »j deadly and a goiwi dea! less noisv than tiring across a handktrchiet. Fiom that day I hud always my pill boxes abo'it with mo, aiiJ the time had now oome when I was to u*e tln'm. ' It was neai er one than twelve and a wild bleak night, blowiug hard aiid r&iuing; in torrents. Dismal as it was outside I wa« glhd within — soglMl that I could have shouted out from pure exultation. It any of you gentla inen have ever pined for a thing and longed for it during twenty long years and then fiudd^-niy found it within your rtach, you would under stand my feelings. I lit a cigar and puffed at it to steady my nerves, 'but my hands were trembling and my tempos throbbing with ex citement. As I drove I could see old John Ferrier and sweet Lucy looking at me out of the darkness and siuiling at me just aa plain as I see you ali in tuis room. Ail the way they were ahead of me, one on each side of the horse, until I pulled up at the lio-ube in the Brixton-road. ?? There was not a soul to be seen nor a sound *' be heard except the dripping of the ram. When I looked in at the window I found Drebber all huddled fr-gether in a drunken sleep. I shook him by the arm, ? It's time to get out,' I said. ' * All right, cabby,' said he. 41 1 suppose he thought we had come to the hotel that he had mtntioned, for he got out without another word and followed me down the garden. I had to walk beside him to keep him steady, for he was still a little top heavy. When we came to the door I opened it and led him into the front room. I give you my word that all the way the father and the daughter were walking in front of us. ' ' It's infernally dark,' said he, stamping about. ' ' We'll noon have a light,1 1 eaid, striking a match and putting it to a wax candle which I had brought with me. 'Now, Eaoch Drebber,' I continued, turning to him and holding the light to my own face, * who am I ? *' He gazed at me with bleared, drunken eyes for a moment and then I saw a horror spring op in them and convulse his whole features, which showed me that he knew me. He staggered back with a livid face and I saw the perspiration break out upon hia brow, while his teeth chattered in hia head. At tbe Bight I leaned my back against the door and laughed loud and long. I had always known that vengeance would be sweet, but I had never hoped for the contentment of eoul which now possessed me. ' * You dog !' I said ; ? I have hunted you from Salt Lake City to St Petersburg and you have always escaped me. Now at last your ?wanderings have corns to an end, for either you or I shall never see to-morrow's sun rise.' He shrunk still farther away as I spoke, and I could see on his face that he thought I waa m&d.; So I waa for the time. The pulses in my temples beat like sledge-hammers and I believe I would have had a, fit of eome eort if the blood had not gushed from my nose and relieved me, ' 'What do you think of Lucy Ferrier now V I cried, looking the door and shaking the key in his face. 'Punishment has been eIow in coming, but it has overtaken you at last' I saw his coward lips tremble as I spoke. He would have begged for his life, but he knew well that it was useless. ',' Would you murder me? he stammered. ' 'There is no murder,' I answered. ' Who talks of murdering a mad dog ? What mercy had you upon my poor darling when you dragged her from her slaughtered father and bore her away to your accursed and &hameless; harem r ''It was not I who killed her father,' he cried. ''But it was you who broke her innocent heart, I shrieked, thrusting the box before him. 'Let the high God judge between us. Choose and 'eat. There jb death in one and life in the other. I shall take what you leave. Let os Bee if there is justice upon the earth or if we are ruled by chance.' 'He cowered away with wild cries and prayers for mercy, bnt I drew my knife and held it to his throat until he had obeyed me. Then I swallowed * the other, and we stood fating one another in silence for & minute or more waiting to see whioh was to live and whioh was to die. Shall lever forget the look which came over hia face when the first warning pangs told him that the poison was in his system ? I laughed as I saw it and held Lnoy'e marriage ring in front of bin eyes. It was but for a moment, for tbe action of the alkaloid is rapid. A spasm of pain contorted his features ; he threw his bands out in front of him, staggered, and then, with a hoarse cry, fell heavily upon the floor. I turned him over with my foot and placed my hand_npon his heart. There was no move ment He was dead! MT5? 'Ife8* *»d been streaming from my nose, butlnad taken no notice of ftt I don't know what it was that put it into my head to wnte upon the wall with it Perhaps it was some mischievous idea of setting the police 'ffi:?'^*1'^ fot * fe1t light-hearted and iT^vJg^^ttSS?™*0 befog found in New York with R ACHE written up above him, and it was argued at the time in the newspapers that the secret societies most nave donert. I guessed that what irazded the New xorkfiEB would puzzle the Londoners, so I . flipped my finger in my own blood and printed it on » convenient place on the wall. Then I walked down to my oab and found that Oere was nobody about and that the \ night was still very wild. I had driven .- MffiB distance when J nut my band into tbe pocket in whioh I oeu»Uy-k»pt Luoy'e ring and found chat it was not there. 1 was; thunderstruck .at tibia., .for i-- was: the only memento that I hid of her. Thinking thai 1 ' might have dropped it when I stooped over Drebber'e body 1 drove' bask, and leaving my , oab in a side street I went boldly up to tbe house— fot I was ready to dare anything rather than loee the ring'. When I arrived there I walked right into the arms of a police-officer who was comiDg out and only managed to disarm his suspicions by pretending to be hope lessly drunk. 'That was how Enoch Drebber came to his end. All I had to do then was to do as much for Sbangerson and so pay off John Ferrier's debt. I knew that be was staying at Halliday's Private Hotel and I hnug about all day, but he never came out I fancy that he Buspeoted something when Drebber failed to put in an appearance. He was cunning, was Stangereon and always on his guard. If he thought he oould keep rue off by staying indoors he was very much mis taken. I ebon found out which was tbe window of his bedroom, and early next morning I took advantage of eome ladders which were lying in the lane behind the hotel, and so made my way into his room in the grey of the dawn. I woke him up and told him that the hour had come when he was to answer for the life he had taken so long before. I described Drebber 'e death to him and I gave him the same choice of tho poifoned pills. Instead of grasping at the chance or safety which that offered him be sprang from his bed aud flew at my throat. In. eelf defence I stabbed him to the heart. It would have been tbe same in any case, for Providence would never have allowed bis guilty hand to pick out anything but the poison. ' I have little more to say, and it's as well, for I am about done up. I went on cabbing it for a day or so, intending to keep at it until I oould cave enough to take me back to America. I was standing in the yard when a ragged youngster asked if there was a cabby there called Jefferson Hope, and said that his cab was wanted by a gentleman at 221b, Baker-street. I went round suspect ing no harm, and the next thing I knew this young man here had the bracelets on my wrists and as neatly shackled as ever I saw in my life. That's the whole of my story, gentle men. You may consider me to be a murdi rer ; but I hold that I am just as much an. officer of justice as you are. So thrilling had the man's narrative been and his manner was eo impressive that we had eat silent and absorbed. Even the professional detectives, fcZas-?Iis they were in every detail of crime, appeared to be keenly interested in the man's story. When he finished wa sat for some minutes in a stillness which was only broken by the scratching of LestracJe's peuoil as he gave the finishing touches to his bhort hiui! account. 'There is only one point on which I should like a little more information,' Sherlock Holmes said at last. ' Who was your accom plice who came for the ring which I adver tised ?' The prisoner winked at my friend jocosely. ' I pan tell my own secrete,' he said, ' but I don't get other people into trouble. I saw your advertisement and I thought it might be a plant or it might be the ring which I wanted. My fiiend volunteered to go and see. I think you'll own he did it smartly.' 'Not a doubt ot that,' said Holmes heartily. ' Now, gentleman,' the inspector remarked gravely, ' the forms of the law niiwt be com plied with. On Thursday the prisoner will be brought before the magistrates and your at tendance will be required. Until then I will be responsible fur him.' He rang the b≪ as he spoke and Jt ffurson Hope was led off by a couple of warders, while my friend and I made our way out of the station and took a oab buck to Buker-etreet. CiiArTEit VII.— The Conclusion. We had all been warned to appear before tho magistrates upon the Thursday, but when the Thursday came them was no occasion for our testimony. A higher Judge had taken the matter in hand and Jefferson Hope bad been tutnmoned before a tribunal where strict justice would be meted out to him. On the very night a(tx-r his capture the aneurism buretand he was found in the morning stretched upon th9 floor of the cell with a placid smile upon his face, as though he had been able in his dying moments to look backupuu a useful life aud on work well done. ' Gregeon and Lpetrado will be wild about his death, liuloita remarked as we chatted it over next evening. ' Where will their grand adver(i;oa;ent bo now V ' I don't see that they had very much to do with his capture,' 1 answered. ' What you do in this world is a matter of no consequent*),' returned my companion bitterly. 'The quesoion is,,what can you make people believe lhat you have done? Iv«jver mind,' he continued more brigotly after a pause, *' I would not have mi=sed the investigation for anything. There has been no better oa6e within my recollection. Simple as it was there were several most instructive points about it.:- ?'Simple!' I ejaculated. ' Woli, really, it cau hardly be described as otherwise,' eaid Sherlock Holmes smiling at my surprise. ' The proof ot ita intrinsio sim plicity is that without any help save a few very ordinary deductions I was able to lay my hand upon tne criminal within three aays.:- ' That is true,' Eaid L « ' 1 have already explained to you that what is out of the common is usuallj' a guide rather than a hindrance. In solving a problem ot this sort) the grand thing is to be able to reason backwarde. That is a very useful accomplishment arid a very easy one, out people do not practice it much. In the every day affairs of life it is more useful to reason forwards, and so the other comes to be neg lected. There are fifty who can reason synthetically for one who can reason analyti cally. ' I confess,' eaid I, ' that I do not quite follow you.' 'I hardly expected that you would. Let me see if I can make it clearer. Moat people, if you describe a train of events to them, will tell you what the result would be. They can put those events together in their minds aud argue from them that something will come to pass. There are few people, how ever, who, if you told them a result, would be able to evolve from their own inner conscious ness what the steps were which led up to that result. This power is what I mean when I talk of reasoning backwards or analytically.' ' I understand,' said I. 'Now this was a case in which you were given the result and had to find everything else for yourself. Now let me endeavor to show you the different steps in my reaeonine:. To begin at the beginning. I approached the house, as you know, on foot and with my mind entirely free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the roadway and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a oab, whioh I ascertained by enquiry must have been there during the night. I satisfied myself that it was a cab and not a private carriage by the narrow gauge of the wheels. The ordinary London growler is considerably less wide than a gentleman's brougham. 'This was the first point gained. I then walked slowly down the garden path, which happened to be composed of a day toil, peculiarly suitable for taking impressions. No doubt it appeared to you to be a mere trampled line of eluBb, but to my trained eyes every mark uiwn its surface bad a meaning. There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tractEg footsteps. Happily I have always laid great stress upoa it and much practice has made it second nature to me, I saw the heavy footmarks of the constables, bub I saw also the track of the two men who bad first passed through the garden. It was easy to tell that they had been before the others became in places their marks had been entirely obliterated by the others coming upon the top of them. In this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal visitors were two in number, one remarkable for his height (as I calculated from the length ot his stride), and the other fashionably dressed to judge from the small and elegant impression left By his boots. ' On entering the house this last inference was confirmed. My well-booted man lay before me. The tall one, then, had done tbe murder, if murder there was. There was no wound upon the dead man's person, but the agitated expression upon hia face assured me that he had foreseen bis fate before it came upon him. Men who die from heart disease or any sud den natural cause never by any chance exhibit agitation upon their features. Having sniffed the dead man's lips I detected a slightly sour smell, and I came to the conclusion that ha had had poison forced upon him. Again, I argued that it had been forced upon him from the hatred and fear ex pressed upon bis face. By the method of exclusion I had arrived at this result, for no other hypothesis would meet the facts. Do not imagine that it was a very unheard-of idea. The forcible administration of poison ia by no means a new thing hi criminal annals. The cases of Dolsky in Odessa, and of Leturier in Monpellier, will occur at once to any coxi cologiet ' And now came the great question as to the reason why. Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, then, or was it a woman 1 That was the question which confronted me. I was in clined from the first to the latter supposition. Political assassins are only too glad to do their work and to fly. This murder had, on tbe contrary, been done most deliberately and the perpetrator had left his tracks all over the room, showing that ho had been there all the time. It must have been a private wrong and not a political one which called for suoh a methodical revenge. When the insorip- . tion was discovered upon the wall I was more inclined than ever to my opinion. The thing was too evidently a blind. When the ring was found, however, it settled the question. Clearly the murderer had used it to remind his vic:im of eomo dnu) or absent woman. It was at this point that I asked Gregson whether he ?had-enquired in his telegram to Cleveland as to any particular point in Mr. Drebber's for mer career. He answered, you remember, in the negative. '?I then proceeded to make a careful exami nation of the room, whioh confirmed me in : my opinion as to the murderer's height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Triohinopoly cigar and the length of hia nails. I had already come to the conclusion, since there were no Eigns of a Etrutrgle, that the blood whioh covered the floor had burst from the murderer's nose in his excitement. I could perceive that the track of blood coin cided with the track of his feet It is seldom that any man, unless he is very full-blooded, breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion that the criminal was probably a robust and ruddy-faced man. Events proved that I had judged correctly. ' Having left the house, I proceedrd to do what Gregson hod neglected. I telegraphed to the head of the police at Cleveland, limiting my enquiry to the circumstances connected with the marriage of Eaoch Drebber. The answer was conclusive. It told me that Drebber had already applied for the protection of the law against an old rival in love, named Jefferson Hopp, and that this same Hope was at present in Europe.. I knew now that I held the clue to the mystery in my hand, and all that remained was to secure the murderer. 'I had already determined in my own mind that the man who had walked into the bouse with Drebber was none other than the man who had a riven the cab. The marks in the road showed me that the horse had wandered on in a way which would have been impossible h:»d there been any one in charge of it. Where, then, could the driver be unlecs be were inside the house 1 Again, it is absurd to 8iippo.=e that ony sane man would carry out a deliberate crime under the very eyes, as it were, of a third person, who was sure to betray him. Lastly, supposing one man 'wished to dog another through London, what better meaiiB could he adopt than to turn cabdriver. All these considerations led mo to tbe irresistible conclusion that Jefferson Hope was to be found among the jarveys of the metropolis. 'If he had been one there was no reason to believe that he had ceased to be. On the con trary, fiom his paint of viear, any sudden chance would be likely to draw attention to himself. Ho would probably, for a time at lease, continue to perform his duties. There was no reason to suppose that he was going under an assumed name. Why should he change hia name in a country where no one knew his original one? I therefore organised my street arab detective corps and sent them systematically to every cab proprietor in London until they ferreted out the man that I wanted. How well they succeeded and how quickly I took advantage of it are still fresh in your recollection. The murder cf Stangsr son was an incident which was entirely unex pected, bus which could hardly in any case have been prevented. Through it. as you know, I came into possession of the pill?, the existence of which I had already! surmised. You see the whole thing is a chain ot logical sequences without a break or flaw.' ' It is wonderful !' I cried 'Yourmerit3 should be publicly recognised. You Bhould publish an account of the case. If you won't, I will for you.' 'You may do what you like, doctor,' he answered. 'See here!' he continued, hand ing a paper over to me, ' look at this ! ' Ii waa the Echo for tbe day aud the para graph to which he pointed was devoted to the case in question. ' The public,' it said, ' have lost a sensa tional treat through the sudden death of the man Hope, who was suspected of the murder of Mr. Enoch Drebber and of Mr. Joseph Stangerson. The details of the case will probably be never known now, though we are informed upon good authority that tbe crime was the result of an old- standing and romantic feud in which love and Mortnonisin bore a part. It seems that both the victims belonged in their younger days to the Latter Day Saints, and Hooe, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake City. If the case has had no other effect it at least brings out iu the most striking manner tbe efficiency of our detective police force, and will serve as a lesson to ail foreigners that tney will do wieely to settle their feuds at home and not to carry them on to British soil. It is an open secret that the oredit of this smart capture be longs entirely to the well-known Scotland Yard officials, Meters. Lestr&deandGregson.; The man was apprehended, it appear*, in the rooms of a certain Mr. Sherlock Holmes; who has himself, ae an amateur, shown some talent in the de tective line, and who, with such iDbtructors, may hopn in time to attain to some degree of their bkilL It is expected that a testimonial of some sort will be presented to tbe two officers as a fitting recognition of their acr vicep.' ''Didn't I t«ll you so when we started?' cried Sherlock Holmes with a laugh. *? That's tbe result of all our Study in Scarlet — to get them a testimonial !' *' 2?ever mind,' I answered ; ' I have all the facts in my journal and the public 'shall know them. In tbe meantime you must make yonraelf contented by the consciousness of success, like tho Roman miser — ' 'l'opulus mi fibiiat, ac niihi pKudo Ipee domi eimul ac nuumnu coubtmpiar io arci.'' TUE EXD. 