Legislative Assembly!. . .. Tho Speaker took the chair ut half-past 3 o'clock. .' ' QUESTIONS. ;... .. Mr. Rmytii nsked tho Colonial Treasurer what is the iimount of dividend duty collected to date from tho gold mining companies of this colony since the Dividend DuiJ Act came into force ; also, what are tlie names of the various companies, mid the amount paid by- each y Mr. Nelson said he hud laid n return upon the tablo of the House. Mr. M'Donaui asked the Colonial Treasurer, has tho agreement between tho Government and the Queensland Natiorinl Bank been signed, respecting tho piiblio funds deposited with tho stud bank ? If so, what wus tho'date- of signing the said ugreouient ? Mr. Nelson said the answer was no. Mr. I'lunkett asked the Minister for Lands (1) In view of tho probable passing of tbo Co operative Communities Lund Sott.lemcnt Bill, has tho Government set nsido any ureas for communal sottlement? (2) If so, where are :hcy situated ; what is their extent ; and liow soon will they he ready for occupation ? The answer wus no. . . BILLS PASSED. Tho Insolvency, Intestacy, and Insanity ad ministration Bill, tbe Brisbane Municipal Loan Bill, and tho Maryborough Bridgo Bill were read n bird time, passed, uud ordered to be transmitted to tho Legislative Council for their concurrence. SUPPLY. The House iu committee resumed tbe con sideration of supply. On the item, "£5,175, Legislative Council, Assembly " — an amendment had beon moved by Mr. "Morgan tliut the item "£1,538, re porting staff," included iu that amount, be postponed till the question of printing was before the House. Mr. IIoolan .iuid he had been making in quiries, . and it iippoursd to him that a great ileal of the expense incurred at the Government Printing Office wire charged to ' Hansard." Ho advocated that the item "reporting" should bo postponed till after the investiga tion by tlio Select Committee, notico proposing tbe appointment of wbieh he had given that afternoon. Mr. Stevens said lie did not think ranch gUod could come of postponing tlie considera tion of the item. He said lot the estimates go <m, and thou endeavour tu got tho sum placed on tlio supplementary catimntos. 1 Sir Thomas M'Ilwhaitii said the Govern ment. had plucod tho items before tlio House, and tho House won l have to adopt or reject them. Tito debate had been useless and pro tracted, and that to be followed by a sugges tion that further delay should lie incurred was wiiut the Government could not stand. Mr. Powers said tlio method adopted by the Opposition wus the only one they could follow. They intended to divido on other itenu in the estimates also. If the Government meant to carry on their business thoy would have to be in iit.teiidauccr. The Opposition was always there Air. Mouoan said hie only idea was to get an expression of opinion, uud lie laid no idea of obtaining a snatch vote. Mr. A.onbw said ho took it the real objection iii Hie matter was the printing, and he saw no reason why the voto before the House, "Re porting," should not be passed. Mr. Mori'iikai) expressed his regret that tlie salary of -the principal shorthand, writer had been reduced by £29(1, and hoped ,, that his services would he remembered. The House divided nn tho amendment ..... . For the Amendment, 26. — Messrs. Drake, Power.-, Cross, Fisher, M'Dounld, Dawson, Dmmford, King, Lovejoy, Daniels, Turley, Morgan, Groom, Cndofi, Leahy, Curtis, Boles, Stevens, Htirding, Brown, Jackson, ltewlings, R'.iid, Kerr, Hoiilun, Hardnoro. A<tainst the Amkniimknt, 37 — Sir Thoinns M'l livraith, Messrs. Barlow, Nelson, Byrnes, Pbilp, Archer, Dickson, Thorn, M 'Maxtor, Mid soil, Pctrii', Tooth, Stephens, AVatson, Calliin, Crombie, Morclieml, Clmtaway, Tozur, 3'inrd, Armstrong, Aguaw, Hrnyth, O'orfield, Cameron, Dalryniple, Grimes, . Phillips, .Dnll'.v, Maefnvliiiie, Pluukutt,. Thouias, ,Cjribh, Butiny, Kingsbury, Allan, Smith. Tho ipicatiim was therefore resolved . in tlifi negative. , .. ', Mr. Powers moved an ameiidinont, — "That tho sum of £8119, refreshiauut-ronms, ' he reduced by £100.'' He suggested thut tondors should lie called, aud that tho refreshment- room should not be an expense on tlio State. Tho nioinliers who used the rooms should, pay for what thoy got, and tho thing should be xslf- siipporling. !Ho hod boon iu tlio room, and he got oxuiii.iy the same sorvico as that ho would got in town, uud ho failed to see why tho room should receive Slate aid. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraitk said ho did not . see. - why tbo refresh incut-room should not beself-. supporting, and he thought tho question wanted looking into.' Ho promised the ox-, pousti should be further reduced before the end of the year. Mr. Mobeheaii suggested that if the tariff were raised, it would go some way towards making tho refreshment-room self-supporting. Mr. Watson said thut tho service was not better than that in Queen street, and lie \- thought that members paid enough for what thoy got. Mr. Groom said the prices in the refresh ment-room hud been raised when tho pay to members was fixed at £300. Mr. Drake said soine moinhors did not use the refreshment-rooms on grounds of economy, und to ruise the tariff would draw tho hue betweou those who could uud thoso who could not afford it much more dofinitely; -. Mr- Rkid uskod was there any agreemont existing that prevented tho Chief Secretary ro- duomg the vote now. Mr- Thornf- said ho thonglit tho tunff might lie reduced- Ho knew lion, momborsulid not dnnk nearly so much wlnsky as thoy used to. (Lnughler.) Mr. Maokarlane said ho hoped tho amend ment would bo carried, becuuse then thoy would have n guarantco thgt something would bo done. .Sir Thomas MTlweaith said there, was no existiug contract which would interfore with the reduction pf tho item. The caterer would only get what was -voted him. \- Mr. Kkrr said, as a member pf the rofrosh- mont-room committee, ho could say there wus \- nocoutraot as far tin he -knew. He favoured tho work being dono by contract. .- ' Mr. Dickson suggested that ull the members should agree to assist by taking thoir luACn at WfwfiiUMBt-SOOina, -I ,r - .. . | .. . j , -. Mr. - Watson said if the Leader of the Opposi tion would alter his. amendment to £200 he would vote with him. \- Sir Thomas M'Il wraith said, while acknowledging the feeling whioh had boon expressed by the majority of the : House, ho could not accopt tho nmendmont because he know tho amount then voted would he ex ceeded. Ho suggested thut the Leader of the Opposition should make the reduction a nominal ono. The vote would tlion act as an instruc tion to the committoo that something was to bs done. Mr. Powers withdrew, his amendment and instead of £400, moved that the voto bo reduced by £50. " Mr. Tozbr said he hail recoived a note from tho refreshinont-rooin committee saying that tho Bum placed ou tho estimates was insufficient. Ho hod replied intimating that he trusted they would make it sufficient. Mr. Hoolan : Send round tho hat. Mr. Daniels said one reason (he did not like using tlio refreshment-room was because of tlio drinking — because of tho bar. Ho would like to soo tho room done away with altogether. It seemed to him that 1 s. was for tho meal uud tho other 2s. charged was for tho honour of tlie thing. Mr. Hard AunE suid ho would not like to see the refreshment-room done away with, bat he would like' to see tlio bar done away with. (Voioes of disHont.) The bar had done much harm tp the colony. : Mr. IClNOsnt/ry said it yvus the teetotallers that made the subsidy necessary. Thor e was a loss on tlio cup of tenf-but there was n profit un the bar trade. Mr. M'Donald said he had never been in tho refreshment bar, and its long us drink wus sold tliero ho never would. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith said it wus no loss. Mr. M'Donald said Mr.' Kingsbury might us well go and tell the blacks that a cup of tea with a little cream uud lump sugar cost 3d., und was a loss. 11c knew better. He was sorry , the Leader,, of tho Opposition had .-not stuck' to his £400 motion. 1 Mr. Hoolan said ho had sampled tlie whisky at tlio refreshment, bar, aud it wob very good. Whisky niado some people slid, but it had tho opposite effect on him. Honour and food washed' down with a good glass of grog was a good thing, und the thought of thut, put a dif ferent complexion on tho question. He hoped the bar and refreshment, -room would he abolished as unnecessary. He, as a member of Parlia ment, wonld bo. quite content to do as many of his constituents hiid tu do, bring liis lunch iu his pocket. Tbo amendment was agreed to, und tjie item us amended passed. Aqbnt-Genkual. On, tho item, "£4,740, Salaries (London office) Agcnt-Goneral Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith said last yeur tbe Agent- General item, together with immigra tion, hnd been £23,702, while this yeur the total would bo unly £11,249. Tho lecturer at, home had been given six months' notice of the termination of liis appointment. Mi'. Powers pointed out that besides tho Agent-General iu England there had been up- pointed a special ugent at £1,01)0 a year. He would liko to knew what nil tho officers in tho Agent-Gonerul's office ull did. Mr. Aon'ew said £309 in the vote for an " executive euginoer " in London, who could huve little to do, was too much. Mr. Reid asked if there were any ongiues to inspect now sineo tlicy were made iu tlio colony. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith Buirl that there were no engines to be inspected, but there wore many other things. . Mr. Jackson said the item wus fur too high, and he would abolish tbo office of special agent. Mr. Hoolan moved an amendment to the offect that tho salary of tlio Agout-Geucral bo reduced by £250. . ' Sir Thukas MTlwhaith said that a reduction had been made iu tbo item, and he hoped tlie amondtneut would not lie pressed. Mr. Bell pointed out that the position of tlie Ageut-Gonernl was now a very important one, and lie questioned whether the Govern ment hnd noted wisely in reduoing tlmsalai-y of tlie' Agont-Goiioral. They wanted a hum "to- represent tliu country and he did not think they could find a man better fitted for the position than Sir James Garrick. Mr. Hoolan said he had nothing to say about the Agent-General because lie did not know that gentleman. The office of Agent-General was either un office. of diplomacy or of trade. As it diplomatic uffico it had entirely toiled, und if it were an office of trade, they would like to know whut business was done in the office. Either tho salmy of the Agent-General or his secretary ought to ho reduced. He did not seo whut the Agent-General wanted with a secre tary at £390 a year. He withdrew the amend ment und mo veda further amendment, abolishing the! office of the secretaryship to tho Agent- Geneml. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith said that the secre tary to the Agent-General wus one of the oldest and best servants of the State, and it was only the stress of uireumHbmces that hud forced the Government to rcduco that gentleman's salary from £890 to. £600 a year. He hoped the ainondxnont would not bo pressed. Mr. ToZKit pointed out that the gentleman hi question was entitled to a pension of £409 or £500 a year if lie retired, so it would be olionper to keep film. Mr. Hoolan said thoy did not want two Agoiits-Gouorul, and therefore they must get rid of one of tlion. A divisiou wus then taken, with the follow ing result: — . For the Amendment, 19. — Messrs. Hoolan, M'Donald, Cross, Jackson, King, Powers, Daniels, Duwsou, Duiisford, Lovejoy, Groom, Hording, Turley. Reid, Rawliugs, Brown, Hnrdoore, Kerr, and Fisher. Against the Amendment, 32. — Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, Messrs. Nelson, Foxton, Archer, Pliilp, Dickson, Tozer, Thorna, Agnow, Lord, M 'Muster, Pluukot, Smith, Bell, Kingsbury, Grimes, Duffy, Phillips, Curtis, Cameron, Byruos, Cbatawuy, Dalcymple, Wutsou, Oi'ombio, Allan, Armstrong, Toot-li, Mideun, Fotrio, Drake, and Barlow. The iiuiendmont was - therefore uogatived. -Mr. " Hoolan .said lie would liko to koow whataiivoxeoutive engineer .had to do for £390. 'a year. -Ho moved an amendment tlmt the item- bo reduced by £390. ' . Mr, -WAtSon said. tlmt when, lie was building tlio South ' Brisbane, railway whurf iron was passed Uy the engineer or indent clerk in tlie Agent-General's offioo whioh was a disgrace to tlio country. (Tu the Atteruuy-Gcneral : " You can laugh.") Mr. Byrnes: Go on. Mr. Watson: I won't goon'. I -won't be insulted. Mr; Byrnes : "Well, doirit go on. . . Mr. - Watson : I will go on, (Laughter.) I liko to bo.treated'. as a tniin; - 1 am not gifted with' a . fluency; lluuik God, liko tho , lion, gentleman— (laughter) — but t urn gifted in the lioad. ' Ho contended, that the oxpenBOs iu the 'Agout-Genoral's office should be reduced. Mr. Phillips pointed out , thut a large quantity of railway material was .required annually, and if thoy laid to pay a privato person to pass tlie material there would bo no economy iu reducing tho item as proposed. Messrs. Petrie und Aonew argued that it whs absolutely ' necessary to lmvo material purchased in Englnnd inspected. Mr. Thorn said that as they wore practising ecoiipmr he thongbtlhis officer might be dis pensed with tor one your. ' Mr. Groom said that tio uppnintiuont of an oxooutivo engmcor in England had boon forced upon tho country, and they should be careful tluit they did -. not push retrenchment too tor. It was absolutely necessary that thoy should have un officor to inspect tho. rail way material purelmsod by tlio. Government: Ho weifld hko to know what ull tbo olerka iu tho Agent-Gonerul's office hud to do. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith said that thoro was a lot of work in connection with tho Agon t- \- General's office, hccauso Queensland could not g-ivo up tho ghost in tho oyoB of tho world. Ho thought thoy had got thoir inspection work dono mora cheaply than any of tho other colonies. The Govennher.t wore satisfied that the work could not be' dono as. efficiently or oheaply- if- the oxooutivo enginoer wore dis pensed with as it was dona at the present time. Mr. Chataway said tliut -tho officers in the Agont-rencrul's office were doing the most .sensible . thing they . had ovor- dono— namely, udvortunng the country, und -inducing small capitalists to coino out to Queensland. ... Mr.- Kerr said ho did not seo -what thoy .waate&mih; an exeonfeyojajgcaeai, j# JOfenJancl. AU railway material Bhould be subjoot to in spection whon it arrived in Queensland. - . ' Mr. MIDonald said ho did not see what thoy wanted with a military lmmootor, or, if they did, what sort of a man could they get for £129 a year? Tho thing was simply ndioulous. Ho moved an amendment that tlio item bo struuk out. Sir Thomas M'Ilwiuitk pointed out that an agreement had - been entered into by all tbe Australian colonies to employ a military ud vihot and inspector of stores at £1.00(1 a- year, und £120 wus Queensland's share of the cost. Mr. Hoolan considered that tho item ought to be struck out. - A division was then- taken, with tho roHult thut tho amendment wns negatived 'by 37 to 14 voles. . . Mr. IIkid moved mi amendment thut the itom, " Spooinl agent in tho United King dom '.' bo' reduced £500. He said the appoint ment of Mi'. Blaok was a political job done to reinovo the leader of tlio northern separation movement. If it were neuessary to havo it special agent in the United Kingdom, the up- Xiointment should hive been held uver until tho now Parliament assembled. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith pointed out that the appointment of Mr. Bluolc was for two years. ' ttud thai-iigrcemcul; must, .for tho himonr of the couutry. bo curried out. Mr. Hoolan said that Mr.- Black's appoint ment wus lit-tlo short of uscuudalto tho country. If Ml'. Black could 1 1 o no hotter for Queens land than he imd- done iu the past, tho sooner the scandal wus wiped oat the better. As tor ns the country know Mr. Bluek ivns engaged iu a secret service, mid therefore the House should know whnt he wus doing. Mr. Dickson said that Mr. Blnok's appoint ment was due to tlie toot that it was considered necessary tlmt- Queensland products should Ik- bettor known in' the European markets, nnd that he was well fitted to -advertise the. country. It would be mi not of repudiation if they were to rednue Mr. Black's salary us proposed. Mi'.' HARPAcitE said it was a strango doctrine to preach that it would be repudiation for Pnr- liament to undo anything that past Parliaments had done. . Hn contended that it would noij he an act of repudiation to. reduce Mr. Black's salary, because it ivns recognised that Parlia ment cnuhl not bind its sucoeasoi-s. Up to the present nothing beyond riimulir was known as to whnt Mr. Block did, and this information should he supplied before tho vote wus carried. The real objeetof M r. Black's appointment was, he believed, to induce syudiciiles to builil rail ways in Queensland under tlie laml-grmii principle. Mr. M'Donald thought the salary of Mr. Black should be wiped out- altogether. Ho was still of opinion tliut Mr. Blank's appointment was a political job, whatever object Parliament had in view iu sending him to England. . Ml'. Dalhymple said it was ft cowardly thing to slander n inau who rightly or wrongly was appointed by the Purliumuut of the country for ii period of two years. Tho whole question was this — was t lie House prepared to break an agree ment which hail beou made by Parliament? Mr. Duffy said he regretted the appoint ment of Al'r. Black, not oil the ground that ii was a political job, but Ihut tlie financial posi tion of a country did not warrant the creation of the now appointment. Ho would point out that even if Mr. Black were dismissed, they wonld lmve to pay his salary. He therefore could not support the amendment. Mr. Hoolan characterised Mr. Black's appointment as a cowardly uud disgraceful pro ceeding. Mr. Barlow rose to u point of order. AVas hot Mr. Hoolan out of order in referring toil past Fiii'liamont iu those terms? The Chairman ruled that Mr. Hoolnii wus out of order, and asked him to keep to tlio rules of debate. Mr. Hoolan said that all Air. Bluck had done was to send out silly little reports about tlie prion of lettuce, pumpkins, und- liay. Mr. Barlow pointed out that if Mr. Black's salary were reduced, he cuuld.xue the Govern ment. for breach of agreement. Mr. Smyth said he had strongly opposed tlie nppoiutimmt of Mr. Black, bat now that; the ap(miutmunt had been made lie thought Air. Black should get a twelve months' trial. Mr. PowttTiH said that whether they voted the salary or not Mr. Black's salary must be paid, because tbe Government hud entered into un agroemeut with liim, which was biiidiug. Mr. Dawson said it would He better to recall Mr. Bltiok and pay liim his salary in fall rather than allow him to remain in England and tell lies about the country. Tho smendmeqt would carry out. Air. Smyth's suggestion and givo Air. Black a 12 months' trial. Mr. G ei ma asked why Air, Hoohui wus not present Inst session when Air. Black's appoint ment was under consideration. Air, Torek: He sulked. Mr. Grimes regretted that they were bound to pay Mr. Black's salary otherwise he would have supported the amendment. Mr. Fisher said be was pledged to uppose the granting of Air. Black's appointment whether legal or illognl. Ho thought Air. Black would be very lucky if lie got six mouths' notice. He could then sue the country for the liiiliincc, if he liked. M'AIastkk said he had strongly opposed the iippoint-ui'ml- of Air. "Blm'tf, Imt he would not repudiate what had been done by the majority of members of the House. Although la: opposed the appointment, he believed it would prove a benefit to tho country. Air. Hoolan explained that lie wus not pic, sent on the occasion referred to, because he and AH', Glussoy were practically limited out of the Houso. Sir T. AI'Ilwraith suid he was satisfied with the work done by Mr. Bluck, nnd a lurge umouut of good would, lie felt sure, result to the country. A division was than taken, with the follow ing result : — For the Amendment, 18;— Messrs. Cross, At'Doiinld. Ainhor, Dawson, Fisher, Daniels, Jackson, Turley, Duiisford, Lovejoy, Groom, Reiil, Browne, King, lluwlinga, Kerr, Hnrd- ucro, und Hoolan. Aoainst tub Amendment, 36. — Sir Thomas AI 'Uwruitli, Messrs. Byrnes, Barlow. I'hilp, Tozer, Nelson, Dickson, Foxton, Dalryniple, Midsoo, Tooth, Petrie. Allan, .Stephens, "Oroin- bio, Anristrbiig, AVatson, Chhluwiiy, Agnoiv, Lord, Kingsbury, Cameron, Grimes, Smith, Drake, Powers,- -Boles, Phunias, Phillips, Thorn, Morgan, Duffy, Burns, Smyth, Plunkett, aiid M' Muster. The (intendment wus therefore negatived. Mr. Grimes regretted that it- was proposed to dispense with tlie services of Mr. llatidall, tlio lecturer. Mr. Randall had done .good work for the country. Ah'. Kerr thought the officer hnd been kept tou long. : Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith said that in dis pensing with tlio services of Mr. Randall, a considerable Wing would be offeotod. He looked forward to the timo, howover, whoa the Uovorntneiit "would" Ko able to renew with in creased vigour tlie campaign that Mr. Randall had been «nn,ying.,ou for years, iu the old country. . Air. AI'AIahter said that Mr. Raudnll had done good work tor Queensland, and, tho state ments he had nlado concerning tho colony wero truthful and accurate. The item was then agreed to. Progress was then reported. ADJOURNMENT. Tho House adjourned ut 10.30 p.m. 