THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From the Northern Territory Times. 1 Local aborigines are feeling much concerned as to whether or not) the blacks now under sentence of death will be hanged in the coal enclosure. They vote strongly against such a thing on superstitious grounds, averring that if the hanging does take place within the precincts the ghosts of th6 strangled darkies will for ever appear to all and sundry aboriginals who afterwards have to serve a time in durance; and the Heart ol the future offender is sorely troubled. Per s.s. ChaDgsha the Commercial Bank shipped two boxes of gold containing 4,924 oz. valued at £17,000. Another export was 33 bags of fish (dried) valued at £25. A good deal of prospeoting for pearl shell beds was performed within the last week or ten days by Mr. S. T. Brown in the steamer Maggie and the Japanese divers in their lug gers. A start was made in Bynoe Harbor and from here the boat3 went across to the Vernona, and on the homeward journey the neighbor hoods of Lee Point, Casuarinas, and Bast Point were given a rough irial. At all the places visited what the miner would term " indications" were found; that is to say, a few shells were picked up. But it re mains for future operations to prove what those traces lead up to. The expedition will, we understand, make another similar voyage of discovery at an early date. We have only to look at the results from any well regulated shelling ground to be convinced that beds of shell are not so magnificently easy to discern that a diver may drop on one at his own sweet will and pleasure. They must be hunted for like gold, in deep and shallow "sinking," and as a rule at the rislc of much capital. The display of gold which was placed on view at the Commercial Bank on Saturday last attraoted quite a host of sightseers. The exhibit represented parcels from the majority of the goldfields of the Northern Territory, ill addition to specimens of gold, silver, tin, and copper bearing ores, and the whole formed a most enticing show, onfe of the most striking features of which was a magnificent specimen of golden quartz from Mr. H. Roberta's Extended Union claim. A heap of retorted gold worth nearly £18,000 is a sight not fre quently admitted to puhlio gaze and th9 opportunity presented by the Commercial Bank authorities was therefore weloome to a great many parsons who unlike the bankers have not had the pleasure of handling tons of the vile stuff. The gold is nowven route south wards. The Downer Ministry has had even shorter shrift in the new Parliament than wo antici pated, and it is almost laughable to think how easily the old crew were deposed by the new. We are told that the Hon. C. C. Kingston, in moving the adjournment of the House, whioh is tantamount to a vote of no-confidence, did not criticise in any way the past or future polioy of the Ministry, He had evidently laid his plans very carefully beforehand, and bsing assured that the vote would be with him he played quickly up to the humor of the Housa without taking the responsibility of an argument. As a result he obtained a majority of two, and Sir John Downer there upon threw up the sponge. It was a very sharp piece of work, and one that hos the dis tinguishing feature of being without a parallel in the history of Australian politics. The Government organs condemn the Opposition and taunt Mr. Kingston with being a Premier "bound over to keep the peace." This last rebuke is a out at him over the funny little duelling episode now so well known, but the imperturbable calm of thehon. gentleman is not likely to be seriously ruffled by little squib3 of that nature. The new Ministry should be a powerful one and have a long life, if such a thing is possible in South Australia. 