A"RE ADEN'S GLEANINGS.' Love fills most scanty measures. ' To the indolent man every movement is a labour movement. It is difficult to trust a person's theology when his grammar is faulty. Ostentation too often holds the bag while generosity scatters the sheckels. The shortest and surest Aiay to live Avith honour in the world is to be in reality what we appear to be. A CniNESE Duck Farm. — During our stay at Hankow, says a writer in Blackwood's Magazine , we visited a duck farm. The process of keeping the ducks is very simple. A large wooden shed stands near the edge of the river, Avhere the OAvner of the farm or an employ spends the night Avith his feathered friends. There must litave been several thousands of ducks in the farm we visited. Before sunrise the door of the shed is open, and out run the ducks, scrambling one over the other into the river, Avhere they spend the day feeding. As soon as sunset approaches, from all parts of the river they come, for they wander far amongst the rushes and islands during the day, and there is still more hurry and scurry to get into the shed than there Avas to get out at dawn. The reason is simple. Immovable by the door sits the Chinaman, a long cane in his hand, and Avoe betide the last duck to enter, for down on its back comes the long bamboo with a pain-inflicting thud. In this Avay punctuality is insured amongst the ducks. We once passed a whole farm on the move. The owner Avas seated in a small boat, and his ducks swam on ahead. The Celestial spent his time, between paddling bis boat down stream and then letting it glide on, while he with his cane punished the laggers, and so kept up the pace in a marvellous way. Pork and duck seem to be the staple food of the Chinaman, varied now and again by fish, frogs, and locusts. Puppy-dog and birds-nest soup are also partaken of, but rather as luxuries than as thecommon articlesof food. The breed ing of ducks is practised to an enormous extent on the Yangtze, and this, together Avith fishing, constitutes one of the principal occupations of the river villager ; for on the low land, so liable to floods, but little grows, Avhile on these very inundations, so ruinous to all other labour, the fisherman and the duck farmer thrive. Life and Hatpiness. — Happiness, enjoyment, the enrichment of life, these are pleasant things, but this earth, as science reads its future, cannot be their lastiug abode. They are a means, but not an end. They have their purpose in the scheme, and work toAvard the final aim. Misery, Avant, Avarfare, disease, crime, sin, sorrow — these we call evil things. We even question why such things should be, and call their existence a mystery. Bnt these, too, are means to the same end, a part of the same process, neither more nor less mysterious than all the rest, and must play their part also in the attainment of the final aim. This aim may Avell be happiness in the end, but that end is not here. Here the road is designedly thorny, and passed with suffering. Such happiness as we find here is ever and always the outcome of intelligent voluntary action in obedience to the guiding Avill. It is well and right to strive for happiness here, becanse its attainment is linked to righteousness. It is thus an incentive to impel us on, at once a motive power and a promise of the future. It has "no meaning divorced from the future. Here is surely no mystery. Suffering Ave find ever and always the result of violation of law, whether Avilful or ignorant. It is in our power to diminish it. It is right and proper thus to strive. It is both an incentive t.o such effort and a scourge to disobedience. It works in the same direction as happiness, and to the same end. Happiness itself loses meaning without it. Why should avo seek to make a special mystery of this, as though man had an inalienable right to happiness apart from voluntary right action ? Could Ave not then have been set in a world of happiness perennial, five from sorrow, care, suffering, and sin, Avhere disease and crime should be unknown, and man could live in blissful ease, a stranger to pain ? And what then? Beginning with such a stage, 'man would have no future. Then, indeed, the reason for his existence would cease Avith his organism. Death itself should be unknown in such a \vorld, or else it must be a world ai'ithout human affection. In such a world there is no future outlook, no progress, no discipline, no self-development. In such a Avorld freedom of will would have no significance, a'oluntary action no moral consequence, choice Avould be meaningless, obedience a figment, character an impossibility. Why should such an automatum live for ever? Why should such a colourless, fibreless ghost and nonentity live at all? Without, happiness as the reAvard of conscience striving, Avithout suffering as the punish ment of disobedience, Avithout. conscience, duty, self- development, such an Ederi aa'ould be stripped of all meaning, and would sturtilv the power that produced it.- — Centura. Near Sedan. — There is much of interest in Sedan and the neighbourhood, even without the melancholy associations of 1 870. The uoav buildings of the toAvn argue that it, means to have an eventful future. One marvels Avhere the inhabitants to people these fine houses will be brought from. So, too, Avith the stately Collegio Turenne, for cadets in Avar. This beara date 1SS3. The effigy of a youth reclining at the foot of a cannon, \aith shot and shell. round about him, fitly adorns the pediment of this edifice. It ought to have a certain patriotic influence upon the young collegians, even as the statue of Turenne him self a (native of Sedan) ought yet further to stimulate them along the paths of martial success. To most people the Chateau of Bellevue, some ten miles from Sedan, Avill be suggestive of strong, even pathetic memories. It, stands on a gentle eminence, Avith the meadows by the Meuse at its base, and S dan well in vieAv beyond. Hence the Prussian leaders Avatched the progress of part of the battle of - September 1, and directed the movement of their troops. They could not see all the conflict, hovA'ever, for the hills to the north break into snug Avide dells, in Avbich lie the villages of Daigny, Givonne, and others, and it aaras just here that the strategy of tlie Teutons made greatest havoc Avith the plans of MacMahon and his officers. In popular language the Prussians " made rings round the French and, as they tightened the circumference, they gradually forced the French upon the devoted town precisely as they did also at Met.z. The glass A'estibules on either side of the turreted facade of Bellevue had notable occupants on this first of September, 1870. Here, too, Napoleon the Third slept on the eve of the battle, and during the last night when he could eA'en only in name call himself Emperor, read 44 The Last of the Barons" in bed. The book was found by the bedside the next morning, turned on its face. The following day the Emperor made that blameable statement Avhich, of itself, Avas enough to revolt France against him forever, namely, that it Avas not he avIio had desired the Avar, but that France herself had forced it '"upon him. In this chateau, too, the Emperor and the King of Prussia held their brief memorable intervieAv ; and Bismarck, in impatience, trod up and doAvn the gravel Avalk in front of the house. Nowadays the chateau, though thoroughly habitable, is more often than not kept locked and tenantless. The owner does not make the public free of it. If you ring the gate bell the loquacious old gardener, Avitli a broom in his hand, will come to say 44 Bon jour " to you, and to tell you such history as he knOAA's about it. But he can-' not contravene his orders. Yet it does not matter very much. One can appreciate Bellevue perfectly, Avith out setting foot inside it. That night of flie first of September, Avith thousands of bivouac fires in the meadow beneath it, and rumours of great, events in the air, must have been worth nassins in the castle. — All the Year Bound. Liverpool and tub Slave Trade. — When the storm for abolition of the slave trade Avas raised in England, the outcry ayjis treated in Liverpool as mere affecfation and_cant. Colonel Tarleton, M.P., one of the Liverpool members, in one" of the innumerable debates upon the subject, enlarged upon the injustice of depriving the Liverpool merchants of a business on which were founded their honour and t heir fortunes. Hepraised the slave trade as a nursery for seamen. He ignored the horrors of the 41 middle passage," the dreadful sufferings endured by the living cargoes, croAA'ded toexcess, chained heavily, and flogged if they murmured. According to him the practice avrs decidedly beneficent., because it tended to relieve Africa from the chance of famine from overcrowd ing, and held out to her the blessings of prospective civilisation through lier intercourse with Europeans. The championship of a trade which was so lucrative Avas naturally very keen in Liverpool itself. Clarkson, the philanthropist, Avho visited the place in prosecu tion of his great crusade to secure abolition, found people more hardened than at Bristol, though horrible., facts a»ere on every lip concerning the trade. The Liverpool merchants talked quite coolly, and .Avith out the slightest feeling, defending (he trade both as to its humanity and its policy. 'Clarkson' became knoAvn, and the object of liis visit, Avhich ; did not gain him much favour." , People came to- the King's Arms, Avhere he lodged and dined at "lie ordinary, to stare at him like a wild beast. He, how ever, held his ground and kept his temper. He re solved never to begin the discussion, aitd never tc abandon it when commenced. He fought, the fight practically single hand. He could get no count enance and support even from those who agreed Avith him. They Avere afraid to speak their minds in Liverpool. He continued, hoAAever, to collect his evidence fear lessly, bin. Avas forced to be most vigilant. He neA'er wept out at night., and by daylight Avas always armed. Once as he stood Avateh ing the waves at. the end of the pier during agale of wind, a number of malcontents made a rush at him, and but for his quickness avoiiUI have throAvn him into the sea. — Our UWU Country. 