HOW WE BEAT "THE COURIER." » A Backbloclc Sketch. CBT T.V. Though tho title rings of Adam Lindsay Gordon, this yarn has nothing to do with sport, for it relates to the fortunes of a. baokblock journal. The reader may have heard of that powerful, inflaontial, and widely-circulated newspaper Thh Mur- BUKniDGKE Banner, with which is incor- porated The Courier. The Banner has arisen on the ruins of The Courier, now an dead as Julius Ctosar, or " Gardon Honey," or Buekloy (who was struck by tho man). How its rnin was accomplished is tho object of this tale. As its editor used to boast, The Courier was primeval — he meant coeval — with tho prosperity of tho district. Tears before Tuckorton became tho scono of a store keepers' rush. Among those tempted to this sham Eldorado on the Murrumbidgee was Michael Whalan, better known as "Whalan the comp." Of a class noted for drunkenness and unsteadiness, he was, perhaps, the most drunken and unsteady. Ho never worked long in one plnco. Tho first pay saw him on a howling spreo. Then camo tho " sack," and a tramp to tho nest township which boasted of a newspaper. By " tapping " his fellow craftsman — tho full journeyman was good for half-a-casor, turn-over for at least a peg, the proprietor and editor for a trifle more — Whalan travelled the country, and obtained food and drink — principally tho latter ; and an occasional job found him clothes, or " togs " as ho' called them. Whalan happened to strike Tuckorton whon tho "rush" broko ont. ' Of a lively imagination, ho pictured tho place as a futuro Ballarnt, and communicated with Gusher and Botch, tho printers' brokers. They know his character ; still they hearkoned to his prayer. There was an undoubted rush, which might end in something ; no grea't loss could result from supplying liim with a second-hand plant, and tho agreement was so drawn up that, should tho rush pan out well, Whalan could be soon deposed. Well, the rush didn't pan out at all ; tho minors withdrew, tho storekeepers followed, and whon tho excitement had subsided the poor comp, a worn-out needle-press, and some coses of dilapidated type were left stranded. But tho district was rich in other things besides gold and silver. Tho soil was splendid, equally suited for pastoral and agricultural pursuits. The rush had ad vertised the place. Some of tho old miners, tired of roving, settled down and took up land ; other selectors came from a distance; soon groen pasturo and yellow cornfields and smiiing homesteads took the place of tho forest gum trees. Slowly but surely tho fortunes of The Courier advanced. Tho original price of Gd per copy, or JB1 per annum, was maintained. The papor consisted of nothing but advertisements and stale clippings, and was brought out by Whalan and his two daughters. To say the least, there was a living in tho enterprise. TJnfortunatoly, Whalan did not possess tho Michavellian tncfc neces sary to successfully conduct a backblocb journal. He tried to please all, and every body was offended. In consequence, a meeting of tho dissatisfied was called, -and an opposition papor was founded. This bore tho following title, " The Tuckerton Express," circulating largely inTuckerton, Swag Creek, Burrtown, Bandicoot Hollow, Swag Plains, Billygong Siding, &c.; The first editor of The Express was Barnes, tho local auctioneer, who pre tended to be an experienced journalist. With all tho brazen self-assertion charac teristic of tho "knock-'om-down'' profes sion, ho Bpoke of the days when he was on The Argus and " dear old Guannt," as ho irreverently called tho mother of Aus tralian journalism. But he proved a failure. As a knight of the scissors and paste-pot he was much inferior to Whalan, of the opposition , wli oso experience taught him to clip from the best sources— especially the local journals. Barnes, it is truo, occasionally attempted originality, and gave a leading article in " long primer." ThiB was a pompous production, abounding in long phrases such as Mr. Barnes used in his daily avocations, and no one evor read it, for probably the writor himself could nob find sense where none was to bo found. Old Mac of the Crown was dissatisfied, and proposed that thoy Bhould havo a man from town, but tho other directors dreaded the expense, and though ho was the largest shareholder, voted him down. Tho Board moetings ended,' now in rows, and with delight Whalan, tho comp., used to predict that the opposition rag would not boo the end of tho quarter. But a chango Boon took place in tho forfcunos of tho Express. One week it coptainod a slashing attack on tho ad ministration of the local hospital. This derived its chiof sting from its truth, and was evidently written by ono who had been behind tho scones or the "screens," as ho put it whon descri bing tho death of a neglected pationt. Next wook tho officials of tho hospital wrote to " your valuable journal" donying " the scurrilous and unfounded charges of your anonymous and, consequently, cowardly correspondent," but no ono bo- lievod thorn, and at tho next meeting of the committea they had to resign. Everybody in tho place read that issuo of Tnp. Ex press ; thoso who did not subscribe bor rowed it from thoso who did. Then, having read tho correspondence about maladministration at tho hospital, thoy scannod the other pages. Evoryono was astonished to find a sonsible, plainly writton articlo on " Local Qoverninont." Though Barnes blushed and smilod at their congratulations, people thrust their tongncs in their cheeks and said that ho was incapable of such a production. Noxfc isBUo camo out with an intelligent column on " Federation." Everyono read it, and the P.M. said it was worthy of a metro politan journal. Barnes strutted about proudly that week, but no ono congratulated him, for by this timo it hnd becaiuo known that an abler pen than his was directing tho fortunes of The Express; The previous woolc, old Mac, of tho Crown, as ono of tho hospital committee, mado inquiries to identify tho ' scurrilous correspondent." Ho called over tho printer and tho " turnover," on " dissing " day, and by moans of shouting for both ascertained that theletter about tho hospi tal and the Local Government wore written by an ex-pationt, a swagnfim camped on tho river. Mac prosecuted his inquiries further and found that tho swagnian was Join Sparkes, a clever, but unsobcr Sydney pressman, who, " down on his uppors," was forced to quit an unsympathetic city, and tako to tint wallaby track. Between Sparkos and Mac. a close relationship sprang up, and tho poor swagraan was soon boarded at tho Crown Hotel. Mac. liatcd Barnes, tho sham editor; so calling a meeting of tho sharoholdcrs, pointed out the iniquity of paying a literary fraud ££, while tho work of the papor was being douo by a ghost nt ono-fourth that amount. After a long and bittor strngglo, Mac. bought out ' tho other shareholders, : and became sole proprietor. 'Metropolitan journnls which ropeatedly refused to em ploy him, announced that they woro glad to see how " our old and respected : colleague, Mr. James Sparkes, had be come managing editor of The Tuckerton Express." From that timo ensuod a lively period in tho history of Tuckerton. Jem Sparkes hit overyone. Even tho subscribers wroto to him, "Stop tho paper," but road as eagerly as beforo tho " turns " received by thomsolves and their friends. Thoy ordered tho paper through tho newsagent, thus saving the journal tho cost of booking and collecting accounts. A tradesman would cry, ' Tako out my advertisement." The command was promptly obeyed, but when next week the opposition tradesman received complimentary notices in tho " locals " tho discontented ono would rouow hia ad. Jom Spavkes had a thorough knowledge of tho law of libel, and could inflict tho sovorest punishment without leaving anything to lay hold of. Ho con sidered that no libel wrb worth printing, bceauso it was so oasy to say much without out giving a chanco, Whalan, of The Courier, said Sparkes was not ,a prac tical mau — meaning a practical printer. But while tho director of The Courier Bpent his timo on a one-legged stool, with a pipo in the centro of liis mouth, Sparkes was out looking for advertisements, and got thorn too. Nor did ho go on tho " bust," n8 pooplo anticipated. Old Mac, of tho Crown, lookod after that. Ho al lowed him no monoy until tho rag (The Express) was out. Then instead of boing paid, Sparkea was allowed his board and lodging and credit on tho Blato at tho local ntoro. Consequently, he had littlo ready monoy, and oven had to borrow a fow shillings for oxponseB to report meotings, &c.; The Express flourished and The Courier gradually died. But in a few months Whalan started a new paper called The Banner, which is now vigorous. Ho and his friends took heart when Sparkes resigned tho editorship of The Express. What was tho reason of this step ? Well, tho captain of tho Salvation Army induced bim to attend thoir meetings. Tho editor came to scoff and remained to admire a buxom halleluiah lass. Ho left Tuckerton when she was mado nontenant. Tho other day we read in a religious paper that Jem Sparkes, tho onco unre- generate editor, had boon called for mission work in Chiua. 