BATHURST SCIENTIFIC SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the Bathurst Scientific Society was held in the Technical School Building, Russell street, on Saturday evening, when there were only about a dozen members present. The Rev. R. F. Beecher was voted to the chair. Minutes. The secretary read the minutes of the last annual meeting, which were confirmed. Annuai. Report. The report of the committee was then read as under : — The second -year of its existence is always a- trying time for a society of this description. Tlie enthusiasm which generally marks the commence ment of any new enterprise will probably have died out, while the Society has not been long enough established to become a recognised institution with a body of steady members and workers. The committee therefore feel that they can fairly congratulate the members on the present position and future prospects of the Society. During' the past year monthly meetings have been held regularly, and some valuable papers read, including the following : — ' The Scientific Aspect of Common Things,' by the Rev. R. F. Beecher, B.A. 'An Outline Scheme for the Drainage of Bathurst,' by the Presi dent. ' The Structure and Scenery of the Western Plains,' by the Rev. R. F. Beecher, B.A. ' Ghosts,' by S. W. Webb, Esq., V.P. 'Telepathy,' by Miss Bluett. 'The Geology of a Country, in reference to its Scenery,' by the Secretary (Mr. Ross). 'Remarks on the Theory of Coral Reefs,' by the Secretury. It will thus be seen that the Society is not merely alive, but has displayed active vitality. In addition to the papers, many interesting specimens have been exhibited at the meetings. The attendance at the meetings has been small on several occasions, but the papers have generally been listened to by a fair number of members, and good discussions have ensued. It was decided in October to have a botanical geological excursion to Bruce dale, and this was so successful that another excursion was planned, and this took place on the 29th November, the place visited being the Rockley Road, near Perth, when a large number of in teresting plants were collected, and a very pleasant afternoon spent by about 30 members and friends. The thanks of the members are especially due to Mrs. Sydney Webb and Miss Keyes for largely contributing to the success of these excursions by providing refresh ments, etc. About the middle; of the year the subject of forming a branch of the Australian Home Reading Union was mooted at one of the meetings of the Society, and, as a result, a reading circle was formed, . which has since met regularly. The total number of members who have paid their subscriptions for the year is 24, and the expenses having been small, there is a balance in hand of £2 13s lOd. We therefore commence the present year in a very satisfactory- financial con dition. With the exception of the Rev. E. Price, who has left Bathurst, it is hoped we shall retain all our old mem bers, and also enroll many new ones. The success and permanent existence of Society depends on the members. IE each feels a personal interest in it, and endeavors to promote its prosperity by regular attendance at tho meetings, by introducing now members and visitors, by contributing papers or notes on sub jects of scientific interest and by exhibit ing specimens or various kinds the con tinued success of the Society will be as sured. If, on the other hand, only a languid interest is shewn, and the work of carrying on the Society left in two or threo hands, there is danger that it will gradually decline, and probably cease to exist at no distant date. In order to avoid this, the committee should appeal to the members each to do his or her part during the present year, so that at its close the new committe may be able to present a still more satisfactory re port. On the motion- of Mr. Alfred Page, seconded by Mr. Dryden, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. Rev. Mr. Beecher remarked that it was a matter for congratulation that the financial statement showed a balance on the right side. The rule now-a-days was the other way, and the joint and soveral document was very common just now. He thought Mr. Ross entitled to their thanks for the unwearied manner in which lie had worked as secretary during the year. Election ok Officers. Mr. Ross said that owing to the small attendance it would, perhaps, as well to postpone the appointment of officers, for in the absence of the members it would be difficult to deter mine who were qualified to fill the various offices. If, however, the meet ing determined to proceed with the' election, they might use the member ship roll of last year and trust to those chosen continuing as members. It was agreed that the olection of officers should be adjourned. The Next Meeting. The secretary stated that the next meeting would be held on February lltli. Mr. Sadlier had promised a paper on ' Architecture,' which, no doubt, ho would be prepared to read on that even ing ; or lie (the speaker), having received a number of lantern slides illustrative of life in the Deep Sea, would be willing to give an entertain ment on the occasion. It was resolved that Mr. Ross's offer to give a lantern exhibition at next meeting bo accepted. 