WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mas. H. H. Jaxt.vos lives at No. 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in goodorder. Oe ight early in December (IS91) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they re'urned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a msek, his eves gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirtsleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came it fire minuten later he found no one in the parlour end all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had selpt badly for several successive nights. On th e fourth of these nights ahout two o'clock, I was sudddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as sheo was leaving home to o on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old seomen gossips said it was a summons and .I would never get well Yet I did. and am in perfect health now.. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it wasthenerven. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In Mlarch. 1S90, it was, that AMrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:-"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not hear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them faraway in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 190. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. 1 took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to,walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her h-s band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most unucanny visions and sounds mluan nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mlother Seigel'e Syrup does it work the eyes and ears entertains only what is natural and whslesome. 