CHILDREN'S COLUMN. IN THE LOWER BUREAU DRAWER. (Harper'« Toung People) (Concluded.) Though Mr. tiny had promised to dispose of thc skulls, ft was no easy matter in a strange city, whoso customs and language he Was entirely unfamiliar with. He took a cigar and went out into the street, thc Calle San Francisco. His walk was interrupted hy a young man who put out his hand saying : _ "Good overing, Mr. Gray. This is a great time you Americans have been making over at the Iturbide. I hope you arc not ono of the ekuli-atoalcre." " Why, JOBC Molina !" Mr. Gray exclaimed warmly grasping the preferred hand. *'I heard you were in the city, hut I have not been able lo look you up as you know I do not go te tho theatre. I hear you hare become a great actor." " Hardly so much as that," thc young mau laughed; "but things have changed a little with mc since I was one of your office boys in New York. 1 tell Hiern 1 am not an actor at all, but a trickster, an acrobat, a ventrilo- quist. But they seem to like me, and it pays. Tell mc how you happen lo be in Mexico. Il it natural enough for inc to be here, for I um a strolling player, and know Mexico as well as I know New York. You know I am a native of Rio Janeiro, and this American company picked mc up there, and wc arc working our way sluwly towards New York. But yon ?" "1 am merely making a short visit here with a party of American tourfcns," Mr. Gray replied. "And they have, as you say, been doing foolish things with tho skulls, lly-thc way, Joso Molina, yon say you are acquainted with Mexico ; then you are just the man to give me some assistance. If I should tell you that a particular friend of mine has two of those skulls in his possession, and that wc are at a loss lo know how to dispose of thom, could you help us ?" "Decidedly!" the young man exclaimed. "Help you? I'll do much more than that to .oblige Mr. Gray. I'll take them away myself. It'B perfectly easy. Where is your friend?" "He is at tbe Iturbide Hotel," Mr. Gray answered. "'He is only a boy, who has thoughtlessly done this foolish thing. Do I say that he hos done it ? I mean to say that the two-the two objects are in his room, and that who put them there remains to lie seen. But they must be taken away." " I see, I seo !" the young man laughed again. "Tiley shall disappear tonight. And bow I shall enjoy a little lark like this ! I've not had one of my frolics since I came to Mexico. ^ A oby, you say ? ' Then here's a bargain .--The two objects shall disappear to nighlimmediately after tbeperformance, which will end shortly before midnight. A boy? Ha ! ha ! You know I bave turned ventrilo- quist. Mr. Gray, and 111 give this grave-rob- bing boy just alittlebitofufriglit. But mean- while you are to oientiou this to nobody, not even to the hay. When the sun rises the objects are gone. I do not care to know the boy's name. If you agree, I need only the number of his room and the location of the objects." .' But how is it possible, Jose, for you to " It is the easiest thing iu the world," Jose replied, "if you leave it to me. lt is a bar- gain?" " You were always worthy of trust, Jose, and I trust you now," Mr. Gray replied, Ukiue: his hand again. "But you must not frighten the boy too badly. The number of his room is 88, and the objects arc in the lower drawer of his bureau." As Jose Molina stepped gayly off to the theatre he might easily have been mistaken for a Mexican, with his short stature, his rich brown complexion, and his velvety eyes and straight black hair. Thus it happened that a little before 12 that night a peon boy, in bare feet, hatless, trousers rolled up to his knees, shirt open at the throat, carrying a covered basket on his head, and with a porter's badge carefully made of tinfoil hung from his neck by a leather thong, entered the Iturbide Hotel, his badge taking bim past thc watchman without ques- tion. Midnight would be a late hour for delivering bundles in other countries, but itis early enough to excite no comment in a Mexican hotel. Tap ! lap ! tap ! at the door of No. 88. " Who is it?" asked Harry Spaulding from within, starting nervously from the uneasy sleep into which he had fallen. "A friend," responded the peon boy ina low voice. "A friend from Mr. Gray. Be quick !" The mention of Mr. Gray's name disarmed Harry's fear's and he unbolted the door. The peon instantly pushed hie way into the room, set down bis basket, aud bolted the door again. "Yon have my grandfather's skull here," said he in the most matter-of-fact way. " I wont il, please." "You-did-you-say - you - " Harry gasped, leaning against tho bed and holding to the post by one hand, all the colour gone from his face in au instant. "Don't keep me waiting, please," said thc peon boy. "I have brought a basket for it.'' s Did ever a messenger go about an errand with such fatal coolness? His grandfather's skull, pleaso ; and he had brought a basket for it ! Harry seized thc bedpost now with both hands, and a cold perspiration moistened his brow. "I-I-I know n-n-uothing about your gr-" lie stammered. But before he could finish the sentence there came a sepulchral voice from the bureau : "I'm in thc lower bureau drawer, Jose !" Harr}' shook like u leaf. Hie knees refused to support him, and he sunk upon thc bcd, bis tcctli shattering. Had an ordinary conven- tional white ghost appeared in thc night he would most likely have laughed and thrown the pitcher at it, for he was not in tho least superstitious. But a common street boy, a young Aztec Indian boy, coming to his room at midnight, and coolly demanding his grand- father's skull, was too muchforhisovcrstraiiicd nerves, and his muscles gave way. Jose paid no attention to the frightened boy, but stepped quietly to the bureau and opened the drawer. Then he took up one of thc skulls, held it in his urms, patted its smooth crown, and stroked it as one might stroke tbe curly head of his child. After u moment of this he picked up tho basket and began making a nest in thc loose straw with which it was filled. ' Then the skull spoke agaiu. " Thcro's unothcr one there !" "All right, grandpop," said Jose with the utmost coolness, as ho took ahanderchiaf from his pocket, wrapped it round tho skull, und laid il carefully in thc basket. Having deposited thc basket agaiu upon tho floor, Jose returned to thc bureau abd lifted out the other skull. The instant he looked at it bc had every appearance of being nearly as much frightened as Harry. He set it down upon tile bureau us quickly as though it had been red hot, and cried oui au loudly as ho thought he could cry with safety, i hen he Bprong lo Hurry's Bido and shook him. " Boy, boy, what have you doue? Fly, fly for your lile before it is too late. Yonder lies the Bltull of Montezuma, tltobclovcd father of his people." Thc shaking of this latest fright brought Harry partially to his Benses. He was about tn spoult, »'hon thc words Were taken ont ot his mouth by thc skull upon tho bureau, which hoarsely mumbled : " Water ! Waler ! AB you hope for mercy, give me water !" This was too much apparently for the stoical Jose. He sprang from Harry's side, snatched up his basket, and-in an instant was unbolting the door as if to escape. Thc honor of the situation gave Harry new strength, and he bounded to the door and seized Jose by thc arm. " Do not leave me I with that-that-geutlcmun ou thu bureau !" he begged. "I did «ot mean to do you any harm. I didn't know the other gentleman waa your grandfather. Upon my word I didn't. Please don't leave me alone with that skull that talks." Then a bright idea struck him. " Take him, too," in added. "Boy," Joae responded, in cool, btrt thoughtful tones, " you know not what you ask. And yet-and yet "-he hesitated-"if one of us muBt die, why not I, and let him live who has everything to live for ? But my aged father ? 1 am his sole support. If I make the sacrifice, Heave thc aged one penni- less " " Ko, no " Harry exclaimed, snatching hie purse from the washstand, where fae had laid lt. " Here is gold ; take all I have. If any- thing happens they shall all be provided for your whole family-when my father gets back. Oh, do lake them both away !" Jose looked contemptuously at thc purse, hut took it. "Ah ! gold I gold ! ' he muttered. " Base, treacherous gold, what awful sacri- fices for thy worthless sake are made 1 But " (turning to Harry) "it is not enough. Remember, my young life is at stoke." "My watch. Harry gasped, "my ringe, my clothes-everything in the room ! Oh, «lo please take them both away !" "A watch,' JOBO repeated, soliloquising again. "Watches mark the swift passing of the hour, and mind us every moment that that may be our lost. Get me the watch, boy." ¡So saying lie turned from tbe door, and Harry released his hold and while the quak- ing hoy produced thc watch, which, together with the purse, Jose thrust them into his pocket, the poor boy lifted the other skull from thc bureau, sind saying : " Come, Monty, we're going: now," thrust lt quickly into the basket beside the other and was gone." A minute later au ordinary peon boy, with a porter's badge that protected him from police interference, was walking letsnrely down thc street with a basket on his head. When Jose Molina met Mr. Gray at break- fast next morning, he handed over to him the watch and purse. But Harry Spaulding lay abed wilh a headache. 