A RUSSIAN GHOST STORY. When the Winter palace was finished the empress appointed a day for taking possession Sofit, and the elite of the guards, a corps that was composed entirely of noblemen, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor leads to the middle door of the white or throne room. " In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. Ii was approaching ten o'clock, and the ar rival of the empress was. mbmentarily ex pected. Suddenly the attention ofthe young men was attracted by a bright streak of light that seemed to glids between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw it streaated through the keyhole of the throne room. Who.could have any business at such an unusual hour-in a room which was designated only for the reception of foreign ambassa dors 1. One of the young, men considered it his duty to. investigate the matter, and ap proached the door for that pnrpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called., to his companion in a whisper to come nearer.. 'The empress has already arrived; she is seated on the, throne directly opposite- the door,' he whispereds The other also.looked'through the aperture and` soon verified this to. be a fact. Tlieempress was seated in tranqit' dignity on an elevated golden stool under a red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of-Russia-a double eagle. Theroom was brilliantly lighted, but it was impossible to ascertain it any' other persons wer. present as the thickness. of the door lock allowed no. side view of the. apartment. The twomen returned to their posts and: waited Not long after one the high offioers.p peared' and said- 'You can all retire now, the empress will. not come to-night,' ' But her Majesty is already here.' ' What 1 Who. L Her.Majesty is in the throne room.' L Impossible,' 'You can see for yourself;. The officer looked, immediately recognised the empress, and said 'I cannot understand what the marshal means. He had. just arrivedi and. ordered that all the guards. be withdrawn, the em press. has changed her mind. and will not ar rive to.night. Nevertheless I see she is here. Could she have, come secretly ? At all events. I will ascertain what order the marshal has issued.. Meanwhile you remain here athe empress. may pass this way." IThmarshal, Prince Kuratin was fortun ately in the- palace,. and: soon as. he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the corri do.4 and peepeds in. his. turn through the key hole. . MAy. God. It is the empress. What can it mean ' How can this. be.possibl'e, when . have just left her presence.1 She was then d'ressed in her usual everyday attire, and I see herinher royal robes- and jewels.. There. must be some mystery behind this. Let all the entrances tothe throne-room: be guarded. Let no one go.ira or out. L will hasten to.re port at once.' The distance between the two.houses being short, the marshal soon reached the small palace: temporarily occupied. by the em press: . W " here is the empress " " In her sleeping apartmentr" The. prince looked' at the lady of honour with suspicion and said-. L Are- yos. sure the empress is still over here I' SOf course. She is: just preparing to retire;' Inform her instantly that ram waiting here.' In a few minutes Pihac e Kdiratin,. much excited, was. conducted, into. the empress' chamber. The empress stood befure- him in. her night attire. " - Kuratin turned pate.. ' " Well;,. youlook as if you had seen a ghost. What in Hleaven's name is the matter with. iyour I.thberany news from.the army 1' she said. Kuratit htriredlty related what li he had seen. :'It is a: knavish trick. We will tilte a nearer look at these comedians.. IF will goie your'sleigh, Kuratin,. you. can mount up, be-. hind, They arrivedr at the Winter Palace,-the castellan was ordered to bring the key of the throne-room, and six grenadiers were com-1 manded to load their guns, and led by the empress, the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone out brightly through the keyhole. The door was cautiously opened and the light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room with the guards following, who placed themselves around her. On the throne was seated =w shaper the counterpart of Elizabeth, arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds and with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double then moved a few more steps for ward. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then re mained standing as immovable and still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment. SFire !' cried the empress. The guards raised' their guns, and all six aimed directly at the ghost visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commotion and con fusion while the empress called out--" Bring lights.' Lights were speedily produced and each corner was thoroughly searched, but nothing could be anywhere found to elucidtate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded care fully. The guards had seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all their efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper, impression upon Elizabeth than= she would admit. Eight weeks afterward she died. 