THE, Mouse on the Marsh CHAPTER XXII. IN his astonishment at Mrs. Eayner'a ghost like entrance and appearance, Mr. Garruth jrs bad not paid much attention to the end o£ my question, and I determined, to. try to get another opportunity of patting it to him. He expressed his sorrow to Mrs. Bayner at having caused her the trouble of reoeiving him when she waB evidently suffering,, and iaid that he had ventured to call to tell Tiss Christie about a great robbery which hp,d taken place in the house she had so .re-. ; >';ntly viBited, Denham Court* Nothing but physical suffering oould have explained ;::io impassive stolidity with which she. lis !.euea, her great gray eyea staring in front yfuer, to the aocount of the robbery.. She made no comment until it waa over; then ahe turned to him and asked with a, faint expression of relief-: " Then nobody was hurt ?". " Oh, no, there was no collision afc all 1 They vanished like spirits,., leaving no trace." "Iam very sorry they were not caught. My hnsband has been in town sinee Tues day morning, and I am nervous while be is away," said she, like one repeating a lesson.. All this time Sarah stood by her, smell-, ing-bottle in hand, as if prepared for her mistress to faint. Yet to xaf eyes Mrs. Bayner did not look worse than usual.. When be rose to go, I accompanied Mr. Carruthers to the door, where a dog-cart was waiting for him;, but Sarah, whose duty by her mistress'^ side was suddenly over, followed olose behind,, and X had no chance of suggesting to him my own sus picions about the burglary. When. be. had gone, I reflected that it was. better for me not to have said anything to a comparative stranger to implicate one of the servants in the house where I was living until I had consulted Mr. Rayner,. To give vent to;my excitement over the important secret I fancied myself on the traok of, I wrote to Laurence.. With Sarah about, a letter was a thing requiring caution, as the event proved. I was 10 sensible of this that I contented myself with giving an account of Mr., Carruthers's visit and of the robbery at Denbam Court, only saying, in conclusion, that it might have some connection with w.hat he had seen, and that I had something to add to that. I said that I would write more fully as soon as I had an opportunity of going to,Beacons burgh to post my letter myself; and then"!* said a great deal more concerning different things which were, perhaps really less im portant. but whioh were much pleasanter to write about. The postman called for the letter-bag at six every evening; so I waited at the school room wiudow until I saw him come up to the house and heard Sarah.give*him, the bag; then I ran out into the hall, as. if X bad only just fiuished my Ietter> and put it into the bag whioh be held. Sarah could not even see the direction as X put it in* and I congratulated myself upon my artful strate gy ; bnt X might have known that she was not to be baffled so. X had stood at the door and Watched him turn into the. drive, and retained to the schoolroom in a flutter of exoitement at my own audacity,, when from the window I saw Sarah flit after him. I dashed out on to the lawn, and saw him go on again, while Sarah, saying something about " a misdirection." put a letter into her pocket; and I knew that it was mine. With, my heart beating fast, I walked up boldly to her. " Wlint did you take my letter out of the bag for, Sarah ?" said I, half choking with anger. " It's not your letter, miss. What should I want with any letter of yonrs?" said she, looking down at me insolently. " It's a letter to my sister that I've forgotten to put the number of the street on." I knew quite well that this was a false hood, but I could not prove it; for X had indeed been too far off to recognise my letter .when she put it into her pocket, and my moral certainty counted for nothing. She knew this, and stalked off defiantly to the house with my letter, while I crept back to the schoolroom, and Robbed bitterly at the tyranny I was suffering from this hateful woman. Well, it would soon be over now-that \vas a cpmfort. I would tell Mr. Rayner all I had seen on Tuesday night, and about the cart Laurence had met out side-perhaps I would not mention it was Laurence who saw it-and about Parkes's wishing to avoid me at Denham Court. I should not dare to suggest to Mr. Rayner any doubt about Gordon, who seemed to be in some way a per sonal friend of his. But now, with all my thoughts turned to jewels and jewel robberies, I could not help thinking again about that strange disappearance of my own pendant while I was staying at Den ham Court, and its restoration by this man. Then his "treating Tom Parkes as a stranger at Denham Court, when I had seen them together one night at the Alders, seemed to me now a, rather sus picious circumstance. I congratulated myself on having been so. cautious in my letter to Laurence that Sarah would not learn much by reading it, and wondered when I could make an excuse to go to Beaconsburgh, to post one to hfrn with my own hands. It seemed very hard to be cut off in this way from the relief of opening my heart to him but ft would be all right on the morrow, when Mr. Rayner came back-she would not dare ta annoy me then. But the next morning, to. my great dis appointment, I got another letter, saying he should not be back until Monday after noon. I had written to him on Wednes day, and he had got my note. He said, as I mentioned that the weather was bad and the fogs had begun to be thick, it would be better for Mrs. Rayner to leave the ground-ftoor and sleep up-stairs., " I expect you will have difficulty in persuading her to leave her own room," the letter went on ; " but I a,m so anxious about her, for it seems to m.e she has looked pater than ever lately, and I feel so 3ure she. would be better on a higher floor that I beg yo.u, dear Miss. Christie, to. use a.H yo,ur powers of persuasion to in duce her ta move,. Tell her that it is only for a time, that she shall go. back to her old room as soon, as. the weather is warmer again.tell her I wish it, tell her anything you. think likely to, affect her. I have great trust in your diplomatic powers, little mad.am,. and. I anticipate the happiest results from them in, this, in stance. I have given; Sarah orders by letter t.o. prepare the. big front spare room." I was delighted with this letter-; it made me for the moment angry with Mrs. Rayner for her persistent ignoring of his kind feel ing- towards her.. But,, when I remembered ; her agony over her child on the night of . E(aidee's. illpess,. and the settled melancholy I now knew how to deteot under her cold demeanour, pity got the better of me again, and I was glad to have the opportunity at last of doing, her some good. She was al ways supposed to be attached to her room ' on the ground-floor, aud Mr. Rayner wrote as if it would be difficult to persuade her to ; move.. But I had' two powerful weapons in i her husband's loving letter and her affection for Haidee, and I resolved to use them well.. As I was dining alone, I was just wonder ing how I could get at her,, when the op portunity presented itself,, as if at my wish. " Mrs., Rayner feels well enough to have tea in here with you,, miss, thia afternoon," said Sarah.. That then would be my chance. But I reflected that I could not be very per suasive at tea-time, subjeot to the chance of our common, tyrant, Sarah, pouncing down 1 upon us. I went out after dinner and safe, in spite of the damp,, on the seat of my " nest" for a little while, trying- to. invent subtle plans for inveigling Mrs. Rayner into the drawing-room or the sohoolroom for an : uninterrupted tete-artete. As I eat there, I heard someone oomiug along the path from, ^the house. The trees between were not yet bare-enough for me to see throughbut, when the Bteps had gone by, I crept through i the branches,, peeped out, and saw Sarah getting over the stile into, tbe- path, which led to. the high-road. I ran indoorsi asked Jane where- Sarah was, and learned that i she bad gone to BnaconWgb to, get some groceriesI had noticed a black bag in her hand.. I seemed to breathe-more freely at once. Now. was my time for seeing Mrs. Bayner. 1 was a little shy about going into the left : wing without an invitation,;-she might be asleep, or she might, not wish to. be dis turbed, I thought I would reconnoitre first. So I went into the garden, with my .knife and basket as if to out flowers, gathered a few China asters, and. ventured round, past the drawing-room window, ?through the w.etrank,grass and'the-swampy earth, to. the left wing. I" had'put on my goloshes, but they were not of much use, for I sank into, pools that came over my shoes,. Still I' went on,, through an> unwholesome mass of fallen, and decaying leaves,, to the dark yews and laurels that grew round Mrs. Rayner's window. I had never ventured here since the evening of my arrival, when I had strayed this way in my explorations, ; and been startled by my first dim view of ; Mrs. Bayner^ pale face at the window of ?what must.be her room. Again X pushed 1 aside the branches of the now. almost leaf . less barberry-tree and looked for the- second time at tbe gloomy window,, overhung by an : ivy-hush which now seemed to.- fall lower ever. There was no face looking out this time ;? a broken glitter-pipe had caused the rain-water to form a sort of slough under , the window,, so that I could, not ga close to it;. but I went as near as I. oonld,, singing, and cutting off'little branohes of yew, as if not knowing where X bad stayed. My ruse succeeded. Just as one of tbe branches, I had pulled down towards. me swung bapk into its place, Mrsi Ray cert whifc&fnoe;, looking astonished and alarmed* appeared at the window. I smiled good morning to her, and mnde a show of offering; her my flowers. I wanted her to open the window. This she seemed reluctant to do. But I stood my grouud until- at last she put an hesitating hand upon the fastening. When the window was just a few inches up, I said, opening upon a point where I knew we bad sympathy ."Sarah has gone to Beaconsburgh. I saw her off. I hope she will be a very long time." I was right. She opeued the window, which was a little above my head, more confidently ; and I saw that- it was barred inside. Haidee is so much better to-day, Mrs. Rayner, I think she might come down stairs for a little while to-morrow into the dining-room, if we make a good fire there. ; She was asking to-day why you'did not ! come up and see her, and I told her you were not well enough. She is very anxious about you." - " Give her my love," said Mrs. Rayner, with a faint smile. "I oould not do her so much good as you have done." There was a plaintive expression of helplessness in these words that touohed me. " Thank you, Miss Christie." " I am bo glad she is better," remarked I, venturiug impulsively into the slough that I might stretoh my hand np the window ledge. " I think it did do her good to go up-staira. The lower part of this house is damp, you know; Doctor Lowe said so." She seemed to. shrink back into herself a little at these words ; however, she said " Yon have been very good to the child. It was beBt for her to. go," " Yes, I think it was.. Don't you find that the mist from the marsh makes your room very cold this weather, Mrs.. Rayner ?" She looked at me in a frightened irresolute way, and then she formed: with her lips rather than spoke the words "Yes-rather cold-now." " Wouldn't you be. more comfortable in one of the rooms up-stairs while tho/fogs last; ?" I insinuated shyly. But I saw that her breath was beginning to come fast, and, the faint pink to tinge her~cheek as it did when she was excited. " Did anyone tell you to say that to me ?" she asked, in a whisper. " I told Mr. Rayner, when I wrote, that we had a slight fog here on Tuesday night, and this morning t had a letter saying that he tbougbb it was bad for you to sleep on the ground-floor when the mists had begun to, rise,high, and that ho had told Sarah to prepare the large front sparo-room for you." Instead of looking grateful for this proof of her husband's thoughtfulnosn,,she became .agitated,.and at last her agitation grew nK. most uncoutrollable; she trembled and clung to the bars inside the window, and I saw that her forehead was wet w.ith the effeot of some strong emotion-^it looked like. fear. " At last-rat last 1' I have been here too. long," she gasped. I thought the effeot of her nervous tem perament of making her leave the room against her will would outweigh any physical good the ohange might do her. The wild look was coming into her eyes which I had seen there twice before, and I was afraid' of her being seized with a paroxysm while I stood there on the other side of the. barred window, powerless to help her; so I said gently " 0/course. Mr. Rayner would not. wish you to go it you did not wish it." But she shook her head, aud, putting her face between the bars to be oloses to. me,, she. said, in a low broken voice " Do you, know what his wiahea mean when Sarah carries them.out?" TO; BE CONTINUED. 