BAPTIST UNION OF TASMANIA The annual meetings of the Baptist Union of Tasmania were commenced in the Hobart Tabernacle yesterday, under the presidency of the Rev. P ister Wood of Deloraine, the retinas president of the times The following ministers were present: painters E Vaughan Sheffield J. E. W. Ilton (Perth), R McCullough (Hobart), H D Archer (Longford), J. Chamberlain (Latrobe), and I The following lay delegates sides rs. I). Smart and A. Sidebottom (Perth), W. Kenner (Bracknell), S. Cato and W. Like (Hobart ). At 30 a m a devotional service was held in the Tabernacle, presided over by Mr. F) Smart. At 11 30 a m the session of the Union was held, the retiring president occupying the chair. The roll was then signed by the delegates present The secretary to the Union, Pastor J. Chamberlain, then give an account of the Council meetings held during the year, 'The newly formed Church at Sheffield was then received into the Union, the President giving the right hand of fellowship to Pistar Vaughan, who is at present in charge of the church. * NINTH ANNUAL REPORT. Pastor MCCULLOUGH read the report of the work of the Baptist Union of Tasmania during 1802, as shown by the Church letters and reports. Referring to the late Mr. W. Gibson, of Native Point, he said " The first president was fired with enthusiasm for the spread of the Gospel in Tasmania, and the founding of churches loyal to the New Testament principles. He took part in the daily rations of the Union, not only with prayerful interest, but with an open purse, to carry out the resolutions at which he had arrived. Referring to the Baptist cause in Tasmania, the report stated that the sapling Mr. and Mrs. Gibson had planted was already becoming a tree with spreading branches. In spite of depression and various hindrances, steady progress was reported among the different churches. The returns of additions to the roll of membership, taken as a whole, were somewhat larger than last year. Another new building has been added to the number in Tasmania, viz ; the Latrobe Tabernacle, a most useful and substantial building. The oldest church in the colony was at Perth. The iiocgrtgatinn here was steadily increasing, and the Sunday-school prospers. The young people's meeting has an average attendance of 100 per week. The young men in connection with the church did useful mission work in the surrounding districts of Cleveland, Lymington, Snake Banks, etc. At Deloraine the work was not of an encouraging character, as the pastorate has been vacant for a considerable time. Pastor Wood, at present in charge, has been the recipient of evidences of a revival. At Longford the financial year was commenced with a debt, which had now been substituted by a balance in hand. This church had suffered from want of A minister. At Hobart is new members have been received by baptism and membership. There was no net increase, owing to a more accurate revision of the poll. The spiritual tone of the charon remains good. The year closed better financially than had been anticipated, some £468 having been raised. There was still a balance due to the treasurer. The amount for foreign missions was £34. Launceston Tabernacle was in a flourishing condition, 59 members having been added to the poll, and of these were received by baptism. The various institutions in connection with the Tabernacle were in a most prosperous State and doing excellent work in the proper quarters. During the year, £008 was raised, including £45 from the Sunday-school, and £55 for the building fund. At Latrobe aggressive work has been carried out, the pastor having held meetings at Sassafras an i Devonport. While he has been absent zealous laymen have stepped into the breach and conducted the services. The Sunday school work was of a vigorous character also Reports from West Devonport were not of so satisfactory a character, the congregation at present being hardly large enough to sustain a resident pastor. At Blackwood and Bracknell, Mr. W. Kenner had been working with zeal and energy, and there were abundant fruits of his labours, especially in the scattered bush districts. The income from Bracknell and Blackwood had increased by £15 during the past year. Messrs. Lumsden, Pierce, and Ward have carried on good and regular work at Constitution Hill, and the Sunday-school grows under the care of of Mr. and Miss Crabtree. At Sheffield work had suffered somewhat owing to the ill-health of Pastor Wood, but there were brighter days in store. In some of the churches there was an evidence of want of loyalty to Baptist principle. Great hope was placed in the Christian Endeavour Societies, Referring to religious statistics, Pastor McCullough said that during the last 20 years the denomination had increased nearly 253 per cent. Two other denomina- tions had reached to 133 per cent, and 14 per cent., and the others range from 43 per cent, to 75 per cent. The meeting then dispersed for dinner. An excellent mail was provided and arranged by Mr. and Mrs. Hawkins in the school- room at the rear of the Tabernacle. A good number sat down to the repast. In the afternoon the session was resumed. Pastor J. E. WALtotJ read a paper on " How to nourish loyalty to our denomina- tion principles." The paper showed that the most-, unreasonable intolerance was shown by those who delight to be thought " broad " in their views and sympathies, the word "bigot" being used as a bugbear to scare the weak, the shallow souled. and the un- table. The principles which should be insisted upon. by Baptists were than reviewed, such as the study of the Bible without accessories such as cats- schisms, commentaries, its, works without the seal of Divine authority. The people should be impressed with a deep respect for human nature Every man has an unalienable right to hold such religious opinions as he conceived to be taught in God's word without the dictation or hindrance of another. The people had a right to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience, and as they believed Scripture directed. Right views should he inculcated with regard to the Church of Christ, The spirituality of the Church, its independence of Immun authority, its right to control its own affairs, were the principles which would form an antidote to all episcopal and papistical pretensions, and tend to keep the people loyal to apostolic church practices and principles. The young people should be taught to hold a profound reverence for the authority of Christ. The way to nourish the denominational principles would be to teach the children at home the scripttialocsa of the baptist position. The principles should also be taught in the Sunday-schools and Bible classes, and nourished by pastoral effort and by lectures and sermons, etc. A discussion followed, in which Pastor McCullough, Vaughan, Chambers in Archer, and Wood, and Messrs. Smart, Sidebottom, and Kenner took part. It was unanimously resolved to have the paper printed in the Day Star, the Tasmanian organ of the I Baptist denomination. The evening service was well attended An apology for non-attendance was received from Mr W. Gibson, of Native Point. Pastor H. Wood gave an interesting address on Baptist work during the past year. He referred to the passing clouds of depression, both commercial and spiritual, which were passing over the colony. A great preacher had passed away in the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, and coming nearer home, a great giver had gone to his rest in the person of the late Mr. W. Gibson, of Native Point. He pleaded for a great outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Church. The speaker then introduced the president for the year 1893, Pastor Archer, and that gentleman gave an earnest address on Christian workers and their work. He exhorted his heaven to conform to the New Testament methods of building up the Lord's people, and to proclaim the divine message of .. Christ crucified." The meeting closed with the benediction. The arrangements for to day will be 9-8 a.m. Zenana missionary breakfast in the schoolroom, and reports and short addresses on missionary work. At 10 a m. devotional meeting will he conducted by Mr. W. Kenner, reports of committee of Board of Examiners, publisher of the Daily Star, and treasurer of the Union ; election of officers of union and Missionary Society ; election of committees will be presented at 11.30 a.m. At 3 p.m. Session will be resumed. Pastor E. Vaughan will deliver an address on " Our Attitude towards Christian Union." At 7.30 p in., the Association sermon will be preached by Pastor J. Chamberlain. The celebration of the Lord's Supper will follow, at which Pastor McCullough will preside BtKuKita' FOOD. The most delicious, nutritive and digestible. For Infant", children and Invalids , retained when all other fowls are selected and to Goniiueniled by all the leading physicians and the whole of the medical profession awarded the gold medal of the International Health Exhibition, London, and highest award Melbourne Exhibition, ISSUe Of all Storekeepers, in firm, at is 8d a 2s. 6d., and 5s Manufacturers, Jiettcrslied & Co., Manchester, England "Agents. Melbourne, Felton. Grimwade and Co.; Sydney, Elliott Bros.. Hobart Agent H T. Gould the llamimnath!« Pharmacy / it is worth It t weights sold' to a concern ex j BWaslon. JBni while the value of gold is still tVtcteU,' the worth of At cr s Sarsaparilla, as a blood purifier. never depreciates. indicates scrofula from the actual 