NATASQUA. CHAPTER I (Continued.) Now Mrs. Vaux knew by instinct that the aristocratic major already rebelled against longer companionship in his thoughts with this fishy inferior, and made divers grimaces to warn Romy or the peril she was in. But the girl stum- < bled on for want o< something to say. "One peculiarity about him I did not tell you, mother-his name." "I do not perceive, my daughter," he interrupted, " how the name of persons of this class can concern us. If they advertise-well. But their names or habits are matters into which I should no more be tempted to examine than those of the slugs or these very un pleasant beetles who torment us at night." "But the name was peculiar" persisted Romy. " I never knew any family of the same, mother, but yours. You, at least, ought to-be civil to the man." Was it the cold sea mist, or fear of ber husband, that gave the meek little woman's rouged &ce; that sudden chilled look? Her voice, too, had lost its ordinary scared quaver, and sounded un naturally quiet and controlled. ." What is his name ?" "Dort-your own. Richard Dort." " It is very improbable," blustered the major angrily. " Your stepmother's unusual name bears inherent evidence to the good blood and breeding of her family. II this fellow has it he has stolen it, that's all." While the major fumed and clucked about, his wife got up and went up the beach. He scowled after her through his eye-glasses. In town she dared not violate his rules by going off die two squares' aristocratic beat. But his face relaxed as he watched her fluttering figure zig-zagging over the sands. " Your mother is fond of solitary walks herein the country. They are hardly en rigle. But the world ruay ascribe them to a love of nature. And if it does not-let her have her own way!" with a gulp. "Curse the world 1 Are we to be tied neck and heels by it ?" Late as it was when his daughter brought Dort that evening, Mrs. Vaux had not yet returned. The major marched pompously up and down, watch ing the manufacture of some oyster tissoUs in the fire by the black cook. He wore an amazing seaside costume of his own devising, part sailor and part brigand, unprecedently embroidered and baggy. He rolled in his walk as though on quarter-deck. . The sight of him woke Dick with a shock out of a queer drowse into which he had fallen. The twilight, the lapping w^ter, the soft steps pit-a-pat with his own, the contact, light as breath, with a wpmanly form b;side him, had touched him as so many magnetic fingers, bring ing him like the clairvoyant into a new world of both facts and fancies. A wife? Of course he must marry. And this-this was the first woman he had ever known. As for the fish-girls of the coast, he saw now how strong an infusion of the man and animal there was in them. Looking at Romy, with his dominant masculine eye, he counted her as won. Dick had domestic instincts, a big affectionate nature, and usually his own way. He was shrewd enough to see that, in the gross, his education was better than the girl's. What obstacles could there be in the way 2 Why not many her as soon as he had money enough ? Clearly, Dick knew the world no better than any other young cub with its eyes not yet fully opened. If he felt for a moment that there was nobody in the world than he, the man, and she, the Tvoman, the portly appari tion of Major Vaux promptly disabused him of the idea. " My father, Mr. Dort-Major Vaux." The major's prompt, effusive greeting was a novel experience to Richard. To a well-bred man it would have been over glossed and stagey; Dick, it bewildered and daunted. In a moment he found himself whisked into the tent and before a beaufet covered with liquors. There was a glitter of presentation cups with flattering inscriptions; there was ex quisitely shaped glass; their were wines, crimson, amber, purple, of whose names even Dick had never heard. " Dry or wet, Mr. Dort ? Indifferent, eh ? Adolpli, a hock-glass I You see lis in the rough, sir, in the rough I We find it good once in the year to loose ourselves from the trammels of slate and fashion and throw ourselves upon the bosom of mother nature. Hence our tent, our couch of skins, our barbaric cookery." Dick held the'gdld^fjed jflass to liie lips, Tiis keen eyes glancing over it. If this was their barbaric life, what kind of world did these people have about them in town ? It was as far removed from poor Dick at A1 Raschid's palace, and the major's urbanity drove that bitter truth home on him with every bow and grimace. Shrewd Dick felt, too, that they would not have dragged an equal in to drink at the first moment of acquaint ance. It was to an animal or inferiors they would offer the hospitality of vic tuals instead of ideas. A gentleman from another tent, a Mr. Langton, strolled over, and Dick had leisure to compare his own treatment with that of this stranger, who belonged to their own caste and culture. The major probed Dick'6 specialties of know ledge, oyster-planting and the like; ap plied his pump, and speedily drained him dry. He got material enough in half an hour to work up into one magazine article and two leaders. " When you are sufficiently prepared to bring your business formally into notice, I will do what I can for you young man," he said, summing up the matter and, in effect, dismissing him. " Vaux and Sons are the great advertis ing agents for the east. They command three hundred daily journals. We hold the public by the ear, Mr. Langton," with a puffy laugh, " as it were an over-: grown donkey, and lead it where we will." " And you ride the beast hard, Vaux 1" " Ah I now you do me too much credit! But I tell you," putting the topaz-ringed linger confidentially on the other man's breast-" I tell you-Rc maine, my child, explain to Mr. Dort the machinery of Adolph's cuisine. You may find some useful hints thre for your life in the swamps, sir. I was going to re mark, Langton, as soon as we were rid of the young man that there's no beast so so profit as the public, and no way of drawing the best juices from it like that of the newspaper. Make up your mind to put your capital in with ours, sir, and try it. What do I want ?" falling into oratorical swing. " A house on the Hudson ? A place in the Customs for my son ? A coat ? Jewelry for Madam Vaux ? I apply my fingers to the beast, in (he shape of a puff, and it gives me the best it has ; forces it on me! Why, sir, my cellars are Glled with wines such as Stewart could not buy. I have eight pictures of Mrs. Vaux in my drawing room, by the best artists. X bave her At, apeasant.Sc. Oedlitt,. Andromeda-chained to the rock, and four other appropriate conceptions. I felt it my duty to art to preserve her face before it faded." There was an odd touch of natural feeling in his tone, just here. "You have no portrait or your daughter?" asked Langton, who had been one of that young lady's suitors. "OfiRoiuaine?'* indifferently. "No. She is a good girl. .. Sound senBe, sir, sound. But as to beauty,, compared to Mrs. Vaux!-However, the child is well enough." It occurred to him suddenly that now was a good opportunity to give Langton his quietus. With all his money he was no match for Miss Vaux. " Yes, Romy is well enough. With my. power in the press I can open circles to her where she will make ft brilliant mar riage. One match commanding political power is now-in my eye. So it goes, sir. The newspaper rules in trifles or matters of life and death. One hour it over-, throws a dynftsty, the next I go into the best French barber's in New York, and say,' I am Vaux of the Press,' and he leaves me,"-with triumphant .gesture over his dyed hair and mustache-"a work of art! And does not charge a penny." There was a pause in which Langton, a clever man of the world, managed to put his chagrin out of sight. " Where is Miss Vaux?" " In her tent. She has shaken off the crab-man, I see," looking through his .eye-glass at Dick, shirking off with (lis head down, across the sauds. " Romaine has certain democratic pijoclivities which make her the fittest member of the family to deal with that class. We leave them to: her." An hour or two later, . Adolph's miracles of art were placed on the round table under the tent. One or two tiger skins formed a carpet; Mrs. Vaux wore another costume yet more redolent than the last of the sea; the major and his four sons were in strict sailor rig; the major hjmself had fastened a white gull's wing in Romy's jetty hair. " Wecelebrate our repose upon the bosom of mother nature by such trifling rites as these," he told each of the three congressmen who were bidden to dinner, in turn, as they arrived. The major often made a suc cessful point in his life-long game of euchre by picturesque dinners, aided by his inimitable wines He described Dick, his capability and conceit, with a few keen touches. " One is astounded at the amount of power rnnning to waste in the lower orders of men and animals," nodding philosophically. " Vou did not see the young man, my dcaii^ Mrs. Vaux was brushing a moth away from her plate, and did not answer di rectly. " I met him on the sands," she said. " He did not know me." ? The major's face heated angrily. " If you had been here he would not have known you, ray dear. The children and I may ainuse ourselves with such persons, but they never are allowed to annoy you by contact." The children, Romy in cluded, belonged to the major's early days oi poverty and obscurity. But the meek, scared little woman, the last of the Dorts, whom he had married late in life, was as a grand lama to him, She was the cap and crown of his social success ; she embodied all his claims on gentility and Fashion. Besides, he had, in the mite of a heart hidden somewhere under the purple waistcoat and yellow seals and paunchy breast, a queer, aching fond ness for the woman, as a woman. He did his best now to show her off before Mr. Coles (then the secretary of tho in terior), who was their guest for the first time. When, at long intervals, she chirped out some small platitude, he Jootgd round triumphantly, inwardly de lighted, as though it were an epigram of the purest water. He noted her uneven breathing, and the deep daubs of rouge on her cheek-bones, and signified anxiously, by grimaces and nods to Romy, that one of her mother's head aches was coming on. When she fell into absolute silence he quoted her, sup plying her with emotions, wit, and logic ad libitum. "Four fine boys, did you say, Mr. Coles ?'' with a sweep of his hand to the young men. " Not bad, sir; not bad 1 Mrs. Vaux overrates them, however. She must have them all about her in the nome-nest. She gives them little signifi cant names when we are alone. This cub,| Newcastle (dramatic critic on the Age), is her Bayard; John, to the right (local on the Standard), is her Philip Sidney; George, who does the religious reporting for several of the New York papers, she calls Melancthon; and Porter-" The major drained his glass, his invention suddenly collapsing. "Porter's subriquet I have forgotten. He is my secretary in the advertising business. But it instances a mother's folly, Mr. Coles. We know the weak ness of a mother's heart." " Not a mother in reality ?" said Mr. Coles, politely. "I need but look in Mrs. Vaux's youthful face to know these stalwart fellows are only yours by adop tion, madam." ''Only adoption," she said, smiling faintly. V You have none of your own ?" . Mr*. Vaux was raising a glass of wine to her mouth as he spoke. She held it there a moment untasted, and set it down again. " No. I have no child," she said. Mr. Coles was in the middle of one of his best anecdotes a minute later (and all the world knows what a famous story-teller . he j was), when the major cried out shrilly: " What is it, Frances ? Romaine, your mother I" But Romy had her arm about her mother before he 6poke to her. " No, she'is not dying"-to the frigntened rofcn. " Her head troubles her at times. We will take' her outside." ' 'They carried the meager figure'out, and laid her on the sands. The bril liant wax-lights ,within thedoor. of- the tent flamed down on the frosted silver and red wine, and the gay. tiger robes. Outside a horned, spectral moon hung loir over the waste of black water and the stretch of gray beach disappearing in the night on either side. Far off in the marshes, where the night was, a man walked,, watching,, as ho went, the red beam of light streaming out from the teat, and the ghost-like'figures tttovihg about it. His feet sank deep in the mud; an army of moths and grass hoppers rose from the sedge before liim ; the gnats stung him furiously. These people belonged to a world of ease and refinement - and culture, of whose' ex istence he had. never even heard until to night. The gtflf between him and them was broad1 ob that which ' lay between Dives and Latarus. He saw that clearly now. 