HORTICULTURAL-. NOUS. ; - ; We tipder?tajld. that tlie 9th, edition ot Baron yonMuellcr'ovaluablQJwaXk/on.iSriecf/Yatifj. readily cliijilli 'far 'IhdlMrtdl'-Culiure'or ifdturqlisalion, eniBrpod. .to 'ditojOi, .'neiiry finished, end willshbtibjr iminltliejha'ndi-otthe printer. The .now yoLump will ext«nd .to 6pO pages. . . Mr. William Adsmson, seedsman, Collins- atieet, baa issued a ' catalogue of Knowlesly'a Spray Pumps, which have received high awards at various exhibitions in Melbourne, Adelaide and London; Figures are given of Knowleu' improved Garden Pump, The Knowlesly Special A I. Spray Pump, and patent spray Nozzles, ' The Brighton Horticultural Society, have issued a supplementary schedulo of prizes for their exhibition to ho held next week. A first prize of 6 guineas, a second of 4 "guinea's and a third of 2 guineas, subscribed by 24 ladies of Brighton aro offered for dinner tables, and £43 Ss. 6d. for misoeliarteoua subjects, including no fower than 8 prizes for vegetables. Some remarkably- fine aspaiaguB is being brought to the Viotoria Market, weighing 29 tlx per 100 stalks. It is grown, by Mr. Coohran, of Brighton, who goncrally obtains the first prize for it at tlie Brighton shows. Mr. Qoohran grows it In' rows 5 feet apart, the plants ono foot apart. The working of the soil: is entirely done with the plough! . So fnr as the season: has gono says the. Sh ep- parlon Kctet, : the prospect of a heavy -fruit harvest is not at all bright. The continued wet and windy weather has seriously affected tho setting of the frnit orop. The- black aphis, so muoh drended by the peaob grower, has been in evidenco for some time, and "curly loaf", is said to.lio muoh- worse this year than, usual, duo no 'doubt as this latter is fungoid disease, to the un usual Atmospherical . conditions' of tho soason. ' . '-.'iThegrowlng of - wattlos-for the sake-pf their bark, is - a - branch of; cultivation that many selectors mlghttakeridvsntrige.of to their profit, for' the -wattle - will' .grow -on ! soil; so poor- that hafdly.'Sny' -other plant: can exist, and . any,! one wh'o'.happdns'to havo a piece of poor land might':, plough : if,- sow wattle seed,, and and without any. further ti'-ouhlo or outlay would in' the oourse-of-a few .'yenis realise, a handsome' profit from the bark. Anyone thinking of com'-! m'onoing the praotice would do well to prooure' a oopy of tbo report of the board of inquiry 'on. the subject, of " which a reprint will shortly bo issued, and the C09t !b only 6d. We aro in recoipt of a pamphlet on Australian timhors, with special reference to the ornamental and deoorative woods of Austinlin, being a paper! by >Georgo> S> Perrin, oonsorvator of - forests, , Viotoria,. road before, thn Royal Victorian Insti- tnta of Architects on Stli Heptcmbor, 1891.. Mr.. Perrin states that ho gives the results of his 30 years' experience in the forests of North Aus- trails, Queensland, Now South Wales, -South. Australia, Tasmania and Victoria, and ho. is therefore, enabled do speak authoritatively from; hiB personal knowledge of the colonies- named.- where he spent tho - best years of hla life -in -pioneering and ! exploration work. He availed! himself of all possible sources' of information! both practical and theoretical, and gives a list of the earliest scientists and voyagers connected' with tho dieoovery of this great continent. Tlie report of and desoriptionB of the various tlmhera are full, -exceedingly interesting and highly valuable.' He- says Tlie timbor produoing trees of Victoria are not numerous, but they arq excellent for their quality and general useful ness. In. all' largo oonstruotivo works requiring strength end stability. " These woods may be Classed hi the : following order of merit 1. Rod gum 2-epeeies— liuoalyptus rostiata andE. tcreticornls,- 2. Bluo- gum.'l— E. globulus.' '3.' Irolihark,----3, E. jrideroxylon — red, E. eider- ophloia— whiUyE.: leucoxylo li --white: . 4, -Box, 2,' E. liemiptlloia— white, m el liodora— yellow. 5. Yellow Stringybark, E. Mueltcriana. 6. Ma hogany (Red box), E.- botryoides. 7. Stringy- bark, 3, E. ohliqua, I'!. macrorrhynca, E. capita ls ta. 8. Bastard Blue gum, K. gotiiocalvx. 9. Manna gum, E. viminalis. 10. Mountain Ash, E. amygdalina. Ho gives note . of warning regarding the destruction of Stato forests, which, it is to be hoped, will bo duly attended to. He says : — The reason why tho prcsont cheap rates for lumbar piovall in America is easily explained by the fact that railways havo lately penetrated vast forest of the interior, and thus brought their produce into the markets of the world. As these become opened up, we read of Ainorican forest firos devastating traots .of Country as largo as tho wliolo of Victoria, and this is going on year by yoar, under a suDiuo or'careless government, - 'It therefore behoves Us; as' Victorians to watch our foroat interests, Bo as to be ready when tlie pinch comes, and in view of the inevitable scarcity which must arrive some day. With regard to tho Gordo Blanoo, which appears to'he getting into bad repute at present ia Viotoria, Mr. A. B. Robin, of Nurioopta, writes to tho Mildura Cultivator , that it is esteemed most highly in his district, . and it would b'o planted extensively if it wero not for the foot that it ripens toe late to allow of sun drying. At Mildura ho believes it ripens a month or six weeks earlier, so that in the pro- duotion-of raisin they have a special: advantage over m'ostpVrtft of Australia. All otlierfruits, with tlie exception of tlie French, prurio (Petite -Prune d' Aytn)\ rem which,' however; the hoRt refill its are' produced by artificial lieat,.- can easily bo dried in'tbe suri, tboiigh'out - the greater- part of ithc colony, Raisins dried by artificial, means can .never compete with the. sun dried, ;for. the cbst of evaporating raisins is much' greater tliau with other fruits, owing to -the low,- even temperature that is ncaossary. to prevent their being discolored or burnt. As for the com parative profits of raisins or wine grapes, he gives the perferenco to the formor. A ton per aoro of Muscatel raisins, at 3d. per lb., must pay much better than 2 tons of the better varieties of wine grapes would at £5 to £8 per ton. In the former case, the estimato of both yield and price Is considerably less .. than what- might reasonably bo expeotcd ; but tho yield of wino grapes is, if anything, abovetho avorage. Ho has not found the Muscatel more snbjcot to oidium than many other varieties, and it will often produce n fair crop in unfavorable seasons wlion other sorts fail ' lb is to bs hoped that tlie following stato fo affairi in regard to tlie sale of Calforuiau fruit, will never take place in this county. A pro- minent'fruit grower of Placer county, who wont east' to investigate, gives the following ac count " I attended a sale in Chicago, a city of 1,500,000 people, where there are from 5000 td 10,000 retail dealers. Somesoven or eight car loads of California fiuit arrived the day before. Tbero was no notioe of the sale in the papers the day before— not a word. The fruit was piled in the warehouses so as to expose all the different vaiietios. The lota ere numbered according to the variety. In an upper room the fruit wae sold at auctioD. In the salo room were only 48 persons, inoluding myself, 'and yet outside were the retailers in. throngs,- hungering for the fruit but could not: get in. The members of the Fruit Buyers' Union, who forma ring to make moiicy at our expense, alone were in the room. Peaches . that sold for 65 c. were on the stands next day at a cost to the retailer of 1 dol. 75.0..,; Ail tho retailers ! talked- to said' .tliey were anxious to have a.bid, but Under the rules of the buyers' ring tliey could not.. The only, .remedy I know of Is" for the growers fo combine and conduct thoir own sales and "allow - all-buy- ers' tb.como.ihnml .hid. IVhen'we do -this 'wo shall. hear nbbry-of overproduction, and tliopro- duder will make -mpney."- .'The following on tho .destruction of house flies' Will bo of interest to- readers. It appeared in" the Scientific American as a quotation from tile '. Louisville Journal : — " 'Como inside a minute,' said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos; recently. . 'I have discovered the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' He led tli'o way to an instrument at the rnarof-the store, pn which was a newspaper. ,On the paper, liad.he'eu placed a bunch of sweet' peas.;. Atloaat a thousand dead flies were lying pn tho paper in the immediate "vicinity of tlieibilhph of .fipryers. 'I threw these here by ehanc'p.'.he continued!" ' and iii about .10 minutes I happened to notico that overy fly that alighted on tho flowers died invn very short time.' Even as "ho. spoke a. number of tlieio insects which:. had "itoppeAto suek the- deadly sweet had toppled over doad. They alighted - with. -their usual buzz, stoppod momentarily, quivered in their logs, flapped their wings weakly -several times, and then gave up the ghost:" The following oxtraet from an Ameriean eon- temporary will give readers an idea as to what the apple crop' is in America this year : — "The prospective crop of apples, commercially con sidered,' as indicated by returns for July, will be light, and, in many seotions, a complete failure. The high, returns in June from districts.then in bloom hato been materially lowered for July, and -..the drop, continuing, severe. Thus in Mriino; and New York tho percentages are lowered 22 and1 19 points respectively. These States are by. far. tlie moat importont of the Eastern apple distriot, and failures there mako the sustained percentages of New Hampshire, Rhodo, Island nnd Connecticut of little aigiiifi. canceas regards surplus production, though it. means much to successful growers in. the. latter States. .- Large -reductions are alao .ajiown in Vermont, Masfribhusotts and Fo'nnsylvnriia". In New Jersey, Delaware sridMarylnnd A fair to good' «rop- is expected, . The porceritagein the latter .-State, however, has bocn reduced 16 points by tho dropping of immature fruit, and is.Uable to, still further reduotion from the same cause. ; .Virginia lias sustained lic'r percentage, and; will probably liave half a crop. In the Ohio Valley and Missouri- fruit bolt things have gono from bad to worse. .- .The frequency of 'the word failure iri the notes of the correspondents throughout these seotions ominously emphasises tho exceedingly low condition as shown by tho percentages, fdioliigan lms deelined 20 paints since-, the Juno, report/ The high condition of apples in tho Pqoific coaBt region. continues, and a goad orop is ooufidently expeotcd. The, fruit is dropping somevfiint in! Orckov, where' the decline since Jiiiio, though slight, ' lias bbeh greater- than in Washington and California;" This , may he. good . -news to Australian ofohan\Uts, who .may, bo Able to. got their fruit iu'lo' tlie English market 'eirlidr than usual.: . . - - ' ' \- Nothing is more common in' con'ricbtions of fruit, growers then to hear . one mail aay of a certain variety that it is.t'astelcas anil wortliloss, while the following speaker', may laud that variety as ono of' tlie highest flavor and best quality, Tho truth is, says Median's' Monthly, ' that ripening fruit is an art, which' is only to ha learned by intelligent experience. Some kinds of fruit requirp.to he gathered a little lioforo ripe in order to produce tho highest flavor, wliilo othori require to be dead ripo on the trees beforo tliey are gatliercd. - Again to get the licit quality soma require to be ripened in a dark and cool plaac, . while othors require a warmer and lightor eituation. All this has to bo learned b. experience, and ono of tho pleasures of amateur gardening ik to study these points with freit"elT 1 Production of the best class of Writing on Peach Yellows, Mr. B. Van Herff of New York, contends that a want of potash in tbo -soil produces: frequent ' and disastrous rosultB to the Poacli grower. All diseases or anv uisease oan be found in soils abounding in potash ; and moreover, it is so . well known that the manifestation known as Peach Yellows and similar manifestations in many other trees am produced by root fungus, that there is no need to call in the laok of any mineral ingredient to account for them. AVhon it comes to the question of a good- fertiliser for' the pcscli kainit or potash salts may take a place among valuable articlos. Anything that may aid in oheoking fungoid growtli may ho useful asido from fertilising properties. Kaiuit may do this. Even boiling water poured freoly Around the roots of fungus infested trees has beou fouinl excellent. ... 