MURDER AND MATRIMONY. SOME SIDELIGHTS ON THE STAGE. IN their time actors and actresses play many parts, and, on the stage, fall in love, marry, or murder with an untiring and shameless persistency As it would be impossible to say how many times Mr. Henry Irving, in the parts of Eugene Aram, Ma thais, Cardinal Wolsey, and other of his famous characters, has mur dered innocent, and oftimes helpless, folk, so the labour of calculating the occasions on which Miss EUen Terry has inspired love in her de lightful creations would become one of no mean magnitude. With re gard to Mr. Irving, it would not be saying too much if one surmised that the part from which the great actor derives the greatest artistic pleasure is that of Mathais in THE BELLS. At any rate, this is the case if the number of times on which Mr. Irving has acted this character goes for anything. The theatrical crimes to place against Mr. Hare's record cannot be many. If their number is small his representation of the delightful Benjamin Goldfinch in A Pair of spectacles condones many sins even the dramatic sins of bigamy, murder, and theft. Mr. Hare, in fact, is probably more sinned against than sinning himself, for the popu lar actor when he appeared on the stage for the first time in a small part in A Business Woman at Liver pool in 186.5 was so nervous that he was roundly hissed by his audience. Against Mr. George Alexander, too, there are few offences. Like Mr. Hare, it has been this clever young actor's fate to die nightly for a con siderable length of time. His suf ferings must have been intense. Some may remember Mr. Alex ander's death in La Lutte pour la Vie, in the part of Paul Austier, the ' stugforli.quer.' It was sensa tional in all conscience, with its accompaniment of the auctioneers . Going-going-gone!' Then it is only recently since Mr. Alexander ceased from dying in Kit Marlowe. As in the case of Miss Terry, Mr. Irving, and Mr. Hare, the lessee of the St. James's is certainly an actor who feels what he speaks. Most actors and actresses-for tunately for their audiences-feel what they speak. At times, how ever. the aetor from one cause or another, falls into a mechanical rendering of his part, which must be distressing alike to his audience and himself. Often enough this is not the result or carelessness or in attention on the part of the player; it may be caused through ill-health or anxiety. Sometimes the cause may be found in the present system of long ' runs/ when none but the best actors and actresses retain that delicacy of touch and intuitive ap preciation of their part, its action and words, which ensures a success ful representation. Mr. George Grossmith, for instance, in one of his performances at the Savoy in Gilbert and Sullivan opera, found that he had forgotten the words of a song which, at the least, he had repeated a hundred times. That the extent to which an actor feels when he speaks depends upon his health is the theory adopted by Mr. Arthur Williams, who says ' it all depends on the state of your spirits and liver.' A comedian of some power, Mr. Wil liams regards the part of Tom Blinker in The Prodigal Daughter as that from which he has derived the greatest artistic pleasure. It would be impossible to describe i him as ' sweet innocence/ for on the stage Mr. Williams has been in love two hundred times, and has had one hundred and fifty wives. Not only has he rivalled the amorous Mormon, but he has fifteen times been drowned, fifteen times mur dered, and arrested one hundred times. When to these facts is added the information that on the stage Mr. Williams has committed his three-hundredth theft, fiftieth mur der, and 10th actof bigamy, one won ders he is still alive to tell the tale. How he has managed to take to himself wives numbering one hun dred and fifty, when his known bigamies number but ten, is beyond human comprehension. Mr. Wil liams regards as the most striking events in his theatrical career, a shipwreck off Herne Bay in which he was an actor, and a tramp from Dover to London with but twopence in his pocket. This happened after a ' bust' of the dramatic treasury when he was earning sixteen shil- ; lings and playing eighteen to j twenty characters a week. Mr. i Williams has acted in over a thou sand parts. Miss Agnes Hewitt is a clever actress who invariably feels what she speaks. Out of some fifty-three parts in which she has played since 1878, she has derived the greatest pleasure in the acting of Louise in the Two Orphans. Her tears are always' real' and not artificial.' On the stage her marriages number five. And this, too, although she has been ! murdered'tooof ten to recollect.' The j part in which she has not as yet ] appeared, but which she would j most like to represent, is Lady . Teazle, in the School for Scandal. The most striking incidents in her career so far as the stage is con cerned are th^ experiences of a fire, and having play Ida Ingot in David Garrick with a walking-stick, owing to a sprained ankle. Per haps Miss Hewitt will allow us to say that the most interesting incident off the stage happened when at Brighton, in 1889, she saved the life of a child from drowning. The well-known American actor, Joseph Jefferson, began his dra matic career when a boy of 4. Jim Crow in those days was as popular as was Lottie Collins in ' Ta-ra-ra ' yesterday. Rice, who ap peared as Crow, saw the youthful would-be comedian dancing * Jim J Crow' from the garret to the cellar, j and insisted that he should appear for the latter's benefit. Jefferson i goes on to say that ' I was duly blacked up, and dressed as a com plete miniature likeness of the ori ginal. He put me in a bag which almost smothered me, and carried me upon the stage on his shoulder. No word of this proceeding had been mentioned in the bills, and the audience were as much in the dark as I was. After dancing and sing ing the first stanza he began the I second, the following being the two lines which introduced me : Oh. ladies and gentleman, I'd have you for to know That I've got a litte darkie here that jumps Jim Crow; and, turning the bag upside down, be emptied me out head first before the eyes of the astonished audience. Rice was very tall. I was but 4 years old, and as we stood there the audience roared with laughter. Rice and I now sung alternate stanzas, and the excitement in creased.' Jefferson well regards this little incident as not the least exciting in his interesting career. In bis time Mr. Auston Melford, long the associate of Mr. Wilson ] Barrett, has played some one hun ] dred and fifty different parts. - But ; on the stage during the period co 1 vered by the acting of these cha racters, he has been in love but sel dom, but has made up for that ; slight deficiency-important any where else but in the theatre-by some seveaty times living a mar ried life. This is, perhaps, bad enough, but * worse remains behind.' He has been killed hundreds of times, as he was murdered every night for eighteen months in The World melodrama. He informs us that the parts he plays call for little 'pleasantries' such as theft, mur der, and bigamy, but he has com . mitted too many crimes of a like nature to be able to enumerate them. The most striking incident in his career happened at the. Grand Theatre, Leeds, when he fell some fourteen feet, pitching upon his head. The part he would most like to represent is Dan'l Peggotty, in David Copperfield, and he has derived the greatest pleasure when aeting in the part of Polonius to Mr. Wilson Rarrett's Hamiet. To lovers of black and white i drawings Mr. J. Nuteombe Gould is 'J. Bernard Partridge to j lovers of the drama, Mr. Bernard j Partridge is 'J. Nuteombe Gould.' j Perhaps this will account for the j number of theatrical love matches I of which he has been the hero totalling up to two hundred, while the marriages barely number one hundred! As on the stage (Mr. Gould underlines the words himself) this clever actor-artist has never ! committed bigamy, the use of his ! two names must be a curious and j interesting one for even a Sherlock Holmes to unravel. The most striking incident in Mr. Nuteombe Gould's theatrical career occurred 'once when, alone and unaided, I recited a play of Shakespeare's, and at the close found only two thirds of the audience asleep/ To play an elder sister to your own mother is an experience which rarely happens to the most hardened actress, but Miss Clara Jecks-of Adelphi fame- numbers this among her many characters. Out of some 200 parts, Miss Jecks has been married so often that she is quite unable to reckon up her husbands. The character she would most like to play is that of Jack Shepherd in the drama of that name; the part from which she has so far de rived the most pleasure being that of B£be in L'Arl quienne, with Bizet's music. Mr. John Tresahar is to be com miserated with, for out of 143 parts -in a hundred of which he has been in love-he has never yet found a wife. The part he has most iiked, so far, is that of Joseph Surface, and he has considers that all actors feel what they speak. Like Mr. Tresahar, Mr. Clarence Blackiston has derived the greatest pleasure from the acting of Joseph Surface, but would like to play Ruy Bias. He has played in 166 parts, and when starting his dramatic career seemed to do nothing but thieve, murder, and commit bigamy. Na turally, he has been arrested times innumerable. Richard III. is Mr. Sydney Harcourt's choice of a part which he has not yet acted, while Mr. Charles Dal ton would like to pay Virginius. While playing in sixty-four parts Mr. Daiton has been in love 1130 times; his wives num ber ninety-two. He has been mur dered 208 times, and arrested 240 times. To his credit are eighty-two murders, for, so far, he has mur dered some 290 poor folk. On the other hand, Mr. J. Pitt Hardacre has committed murder and been ar rested some 500 times. But, after all the balance is in his favour, for he has committed theft 400 times and bigamy 200. Of acted parts, John Saxton, in Nowadays, is his favourite; of unacted, John Perry hugh, in The Cricket on the Hearth. Hamlet, Mr. Frank Lindo would most like to represent. The part from which, so far, he has derived the greatest pleasure being that of I Oswald Alving in Ghosts. -THE I MILLION. 