CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Special home mission services were held on Sunday last at Wellington-square church. The occasion being also Whit Sunday the Rev. J. Day Thompson asked the attention of his morning audience to tbe story of the water] turned into wine, which he interpreted as a "sign" (John's word for the miractos) or parable of tbe spiritual mission of Christ, which was to enrich and ennoble the religions thought and life of His time and of all time. When He came the wine of the old prophets had ceated to flow, and there was ebb tide and emptiness, depletion and dilation. Religion was a thing ol traditions, ceremonies, and task work ; there was no insight, little or no spirituality, no gladness or spontaneity in religions life and service. Mr. Toompson showed how it was the inevitable law for the first-band flowing convictions of ooe age to become mere conventions and formulas in the next; and how this spiritual miraole of turning tbe water into wine again was having continually to be performed. It was still Christ^ work to do that by the energy of tbe Spirit whose oomingr at Pentecost they commemorated that) day. P«ter rejected the suggestion that it was vinous intoxication which accounted for what the people saw and beard on the Day of Pentecost; but he proceeded to show that a true vital and spiritual exhilaration had come to him and bis fellow-aprsties. It was "new wipe," but not of the spirituous tort Whitsuntide, said the preacher, was not a mere historic commemoration; it suggested { the perpetual recreating energy of tbe Spirit i of Christ, which might be perpetually expe-1 rienced. Many illustrations were used to show how tbe course of religious history both ■ bufore and since Christ proved this. Religious life was impoverished in these days be cause people seemed to think only of some thing done in Jerusalem 1,900 years ago which could never be repeated. Mr. Thompson held that it might be repeated m all its essential features continually, and was indeed being _so j repeated. What we wanted was more faitb'in tbe ever-present energy of the Holy Ghost— more patience, more reverence, more receptive net's ; > greater readiness to tee Christ both in old forms and new ones. Mr. Thompson also showed at length how the same process of en richment might be taking place continuously in the individual life. The wine of tbe past might fail, tbe creed of the old days no longer .satisfy, but Christ was ever present to provide fresh wine for the sustenance of the soul. The spiritual could never fail out of men or out of the world. In the evening Mr. Thompson baaed bis remarks on the story of the demoniac who after being cared prayed Christ that he might remain with Him, but of whom Christ made a missionary to bia own home and city and district The point of tbe sermon was to show that religious emotion was not simply to be indulged bnt used in practical service for humanity. Feeling was force for duty. There was a good deal of religious sentimentalism and selfishness which thought only, of having a good time, but took very little thought for the woes and needs of others. Everyone was bound to be a home missionary up to the measure of bis en lightenment and experience. A number of illustrations drawn from different sources were used to enforce this theme, ?nd the preacher laid special stress on bearing witness for Christ and religion at home, in one's own actual conditions and surroundings. Many a man aspired to be a light of the world who bad not yet learnt to be the illuminator of hia own little borne-circle. _ Good collections were taken for the X'rimitive Methodist home mis sions. | A missionary meeting in connection with the special home mission services was held at the Primitive Methodist Church, Wellington square, North Adelaide, on Monday evening. There was only a thin attendance, and Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P., oecnpied the chair. The treasurer (Mr. W. Diment) presented the financial statement, which showed that the] income for the past year had been £300 45., and the expenditure £329 17s. lid., which left them £39 13s. lid. on tbe wrong side. The chairman delivered a brief address, in which be touohed on the baneful influence of the overlapping of churches in small country towns. Addresses on the work of the mission i were delivered by the Revs. C. Bright, J. G. ] Wright, and J. Day Thompson, the remarks j made being of a practical character. The following is an extract from a letter written by the Rev. G. E. Rowe to hie late colleague, Rev. J. W. Mouland, who labored seven years in the Perth circuit:—" I feel quite at home already. We had a royal recep tion. Tbe church is an imposing and com modious building, and there is good material to work upon, as tbe congregations are ex cellent, and there is a large number of young men attending the ohnrch. A good tone per vades tne people, and the week-night congre gations are larger than any I know of in Ade-1 laide. The choral service question is received with enthusiasm, and I find the officers and workers ready to hail any new methods that promise to secure additional interest in ohnrch | work. Already we have had indications of the approaching outpouring of the Holy Ghost. I regard this as a grand field, and just now we have an open door." On Monday evening the Rev. W. H. Evans delivered a lecture on "Facts and Fancies" in the Primitive Methodist Church, Brompton Park, before a good audience. Mr. Evans dealt with bis subject in a racy style, and met with frequent applause. A hearty vote of thanks was given to the lecturer. The anniversary services in connection with the Grote-street Christian Sunday- school were celebrated on Sunday, May 14, when a special afternoon service was held. Interesting ad dresses were delivored by Messrs. T. J. Gore, M.A., and John Verco, J.P., to a very large number of ohildren and friends, and apprecia tive singing was rendered by the scholars. On Thursday, May 18, tea was provided for nearly 300 scholars in the lecture-hall, which wbb followed bv an entertainment held in the chapel Tbe Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C., presided. Songs were contributed by Mrs. J. Gard, Messrs. O. Tauber and W. M. Green, and the church choir under the direction of Mr. F. Charlidk effectively rendered several musical selections, whilst Mr. E. Beeves after reciting the "Wreok of the Hesperus" generously responded to an encore telling the " Story of a stowaway." The con cluding portion of the programme consisted of a series of dissolving views, for which the S.A. Sunday-Bohool Union limelight was used, and tne various American and other views explained by Mr. T. J. Gore, thus termi nating a most successful and interesting enter tainment. The committee of the Port Adelaide Sea men's mission have taken over tbe rooms in Robe- streetLPort Adelaide, lately occupied by the W.C.T.U. and have turned them into a Seamen's Mission Hall and Sailors' Rest. The missionary (Mr. Hounslow) invited the sea-, men in port and friends of the mission to a social on Thursday evening, when there was a good attendance. Songs, recitations, and addressee were given by Misses Wright, Mor phett. and Hounslow, Messrs. Crofford, Perry (seamen), W. Turley, and the chairman, while Miss Hounslow presided at the organ. The meeting was bronght to a close with the sing ing of the hymn—"God be with you till we meet again." A meeting of the Christian Workers' Band for conference wan held on Thursday evening, when Mr. J. J. "Virgo, the general secretary, presided over aboat 60 workers. Short addresses wen delivered by Messrs. C. F. Whitridge, M. 3. Clarke, the Rev. A. Matters, and the chairman; and reports of various branches were made by Messrs. E. W. Elphick, A. Munn, F. Vincent, and E. Daviee. Tbe gathering was of a very profitable character, and much interest in the work of the association was displayed. The president (Rev. S. Mead) was absent through illness. A concert in aid of the renovation fund was held in the Wesleyan Church, NewThebarton, on Thursday eveningl. The Her. J. Leggoe presided over a crowded audience, and a very enjoyable entertainment wak provided. Miss MeKirdy played as overtures ** Home, tweet home "and a selection from "II Trovatore," which were well received. Miss Jolly eang "Marguerite" and "In old Madrid" very nicely. Mr. Walsh rendered "The soldier's watch" and "The village blacksmith," the latter eong eliciting great applause. Mr. Parsons eang "Rocked in the cradle of the deep," bnt failed to do justice to tbe selection. , Recitations were delivered by Messrs. McCarthy, Norman, and R. Hall, and Master Gildas Jones, who gave " Trouble in the amen corner" with telling effect and received the only encore of the evening, a distinction he well deserved. Master H. Harvey played a violin solo, and with his sister sang tbe duet "Tell me, gentle stranger." Misses Norman j and Laver (2) also sang, and the Misses Leggoe { played a selection from Gounod's ''Faust." Mr. Clarence P. Caterer played most of the accompaniments during the evening. An exceedingly sympathetic welcome has been accorded to the paator of the Parkside Baptist Church, the Rev. S. Fairey, on bis return home. On Sunday last, although unable to conduct the services. Mr. Fairey was present at the morning service, and spoke a few words at the communion table. He also visited the Sunday-school in the afternoon. Great pleasure was manifest at his appearance once more among his people, and the pastor j expressed his very deep appreciation of all the loving sympathy of the friends during his time of suffering. Dr. H. U. Wigg. in consultation with Dr. Verso, gives good hopes of Mr. Fairey's ultimate restoration to health. The annual business meeting of the Hind marsh Y.M.C. A. was held in the lodgeroom of tbe Hindmarsb Town Hall on Friday evening, when there was a good attendance, and the vice-president (Mr. W. N. Perriam) occupied the chair. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows: —President, Mr. Joseph Asnton ; vioe-preeidents, Messrs. B. Gould and Geo. Bull; general secretary. Mr. Jan. Johnson; corresponding secretary, Mr. EL Strutton; financial secretary, Mr. T. Flint; treasurer, Mr. H. Honwick, jon.; choir master, Mr. T. Alves; board of management, six townsmen of Hindmarsb, the local ministers of churches, the officers of tbe association, and eix members; and the officers of the association were appointed the executive committee. Final arrangements were made for tbe anniversary. A vote ot thanks was given to the retiring officers, and it was resolved that the local ministers be thanked for their assistance to the association during the past year. The following persona! items are taken from the Christian Wtdds of May 10:—" The Revs. J. Blacket and J. J- Nieholls. who are on their way to England in the Oroya, writing from Albany, teem to be enjoying their trip. The Rev. C. T. Newman, having closed his Home Mission campaign in the sooth-east, is expected to return to the city to-day. Tbe Kev. W. G. Taylor, who is visiting Great Britain and America in the interest of the mission in Sydney, with which be has been eo long identified, will pass through Adelaide at the end of this month. We understand that he will preach at Kent Town in tbe morning and at Pine-street in the evening of the 28tb inst. On the following Monday and Tuesday evenings Mr. Taylor will lecture in the Vic toria Hall upon "The forward movement in Sydney.' Tlij lecture will be illustrated by limelight views and brightened by musical illustrations by Mr. Taylor. The Rbv. Thomas Bird, of Fremantle, has left for Geraldton to make arrangements for sup plying that circuit, rendered vacant by the death of the late Rev. J. N. Mills. It is pos sible Mr. Bird may be induced to stay for some time amongst his old friends in that circuit. Mr. and Mrs. Kelly, formerly of Yankalilla, and parents of Mr. J. R. Kelly, M.P., spent a long, happy, and ueeful life together. United in heart and hand from early youth to hoary age, 'in their death they were not divided.' The wife entered into rest on Sunday and the husband on Wednesday last." Truth and Progress of May 18 contains the following personal pars :—" The Rev. Thomas Spnreeon has sailad from New Zealand for London and will enter upon hia engagement at the Metropolitan Tabernacle during July. He goes via America and is to take part with Mr. D. L. Moody in evangelistic services at Chicago. Mr. Henry Battley, a prominent New Zealand Baptist and enthusiastic En deavorer, after spending a few days in Ade laide, sailed by tbe Ormuz for England, where he will represent New Zealand at the Bradford Endeavor Convention. The Rev. D. Davis will enter upon his new pastorate at Gawler on Sunday, June 4. The Rev. A. Hyde is sup plying the churches at Georgetown and Clover Hill for a few Sundays. The Rev. Charles Bright has accepted the presidency of the Norwood Christian Sociological Society and bids fair to come ont strongly on sociological linee. The Rev. J. Paynter is, we are in formed, taking bold at Mount Gambier by his thoughtful and earnest preaching. The Rev. W. Jones has accepted tbe pastorate of the church at Knightsbridge and has entered upon his duties there." 