(Ehiitens Cohtnttt* A WOLF DANCE. How many banters have seen a wolf dance, and how many who have bad that experience ever want to witness the performance again ? Strange as it may seem, most hunters who have seen one seldom speak of it, and do not include it in their camp-fire yarns. At times they may tell iti to a select few, but then they speak in a sort of whisper that has a sound of horror about it. A wolf dance is a dance in every sense of the word, and seems to be done by the animals for some purpose similar to that which impels the uncivilised races of human beings to indulge in complicated gyrations for religious ceremonies. All men who have escaped alive say that it happened in some high altitnde. The wolveB in Middle Park, Colorado, are in the habit of dancing, and also those on the high plateaus of California. Thece are only a few caaea known, but all are much the same, and there is no doubt about the veracity of the men, and in the case to be mentioned the rescuers also are to be believed, although they did not see the dance. Early last January Thomas Page was living with three other miners in a cabin near their mine, not far from Moant Whitney, in the Mineral King Country. For several days the men had been unable to work on account of bad weather and snow. They put in their days in a very monotonous way, and time hung heavy on their hands. When the weather began to break Page signified bis intention of going out and getting a little fresh meat, as the SDOW was frozen hard and it would be easy to follow game. It waa late in the day, and the others told him he had better wait until morning, but he paid no attention to them, and taking his rifle and knife started forth. He went up the road but a rhort distance before he saw a mountain sheep, to which he gave chase, and in a mile or so had come near enough for a shot. Hie aim was good, and soon the sheep was shouldered and Page started home, thinking how glad the boys would be to get the meat. While he had been going up the mountain for the sheep he waa conscious of a peculiar pattering sound behind him that he could not locate, and yet it seemed to be on all sides. Several times be stopped aud looked back, but oould see nothingesceptthesnow-covered mountains, with the dark pine-trees on the sides thrown into viulent contrast against the dazzling whiteness. He could see nothing of an animal nature, and concluded the sound must have been twigs cracked by the frost and falling on to the soft, feathery surface. While oooupied with killing the sheep and getting it on his shoulders he had forgotten the sound, but as soon as he was started he heard it again. This time it was all around him, and seemed to be quite near. He was not alarmed, but he wished he was back in his cabin with the sheep, skinned and cut into juicy chops, broiling over the fire in the big chimney. He quickened his steps, but it wae a long way back where he had to carry the heavy sheep. Still he struggled on, and the sounds kept getting nearer aud nearer, and darkness was coming on. The snow took on a soft blue tone, and the sky had a crimson glow at the horizon that blended into a cold steely glitter at the zenith, where a few etara were feebly struggling into brilliancy. The soft crimson light quickly faded, and soon there were only a few orange-coloured beams glowing behind the darkened pines. Page bad got to within half a mile of hi a home when he was alarmed by seeing an enormous grey wolf a few hundred feet ahead of him. He set down the sheep, and raised his rifle for a shot, but the beast had vanished, although the eof t pattering could' be heard on all aides, and the man realized that he was surrounded by wolves which were undoubtedly driven to desperation by hunger. There was nothing to do but make the best fight he could, and run for the cabin without the sheep. He bad no sooner made up his mind how to aot than he heard the pack drawing closer and closer to him, and could see dark forme moving stealthily through the trees. Nearer and nearer they oatne, and Page commenced shooting with good effect. He could hear the snarls of rage and pain whenever a wolf was struok. The road was blocked in front by a writhing mass of wolves, and on all sides they could be heard snarling, but they did not seem to want to come near for some reason. It was cow dark, and the full moon just rising over the top of the mountains, but not high enough to give any light. Page realized the danger of his position, and really saw no way out of it. He could not kill all the animals, nor could he get past them on any side. There xfere no trees he could climb, and even if he did it was only a question of a few hours before he would freeze to death, as the weather waB growing bitterly cold. Seeing no chance of escape he commenced shooting as fast as he could, determined to kill as many as possible, and also with the hope that his friends in the cabin would hear him. The wolves were within a few feet of him and were silently drawing closer. Page kept on shooting, and without noticing it moved off the road and into the pine forest. Before he was aware he was in a place that was strange to him in the light given by the rising moon. It was a sort of level, open place in the forest, and was several acres in extent. None of the animals had as yet ventured to attack him, but they kept getting nearer every moment, while he killed them as fast as he could throw the lever ofi his rifle. He killed dozens, but at last had to stop for want of ammunition. His belt was empty and his rifle-useless, so ho threw it away and drew his knife. For several minutes be stood in the middle of the howling pack ready to plunge his knife into the first that Bprang at him. Bach minute seemed a year, but Page had been in aB tough plaoes before, and did not waste any time thinking about his past life. He simply waited for the time to come for him to kill as many of his enemies as poesible before he died. He folly believed that his time to leave the world had come, but he determined to lire r> long as possible and die like a hunter. He turned around slowly, keeping his on the foremost of the pack ready to make hilast fight. But his calculations were wasted, for the whole pack seemed to spring on him at once, and he was borne to the earth with a dozen wolves on top of him. He was nearly aenBeless, but managed to strike a couple of times before his knife was knocked from his band. Page then commenced to punch with h : .« fists, but wondered why he was not devoured by the ravenous-looking beasts. They were on all sides of him, snapping and growling, but none of them bad bitten him. He dealt several of them many hard blows and a few rolled over as if their days were ended. Suddenly he fas seized again and this time dragged several feet over the snow. When the desired spot was reached he was left a few moments, and several others came up to tear his clothes from him. In a short time he waB nearly as Nature made bim and the snow that was rubbed on him during the operation began to run from his body in cold streams that kept him shivering. At this part of the performance the pack stood still and uttered a most unearthly howl. Then all made a sudden turn and became silent, aud began to revolve around the man who was kneeling in the snow and yelling at the top of his voice. There were hundreds of them, and they moved without a sound. They pu>ced over the snow like ghosts, and ia the pale moonlight their snapping jaws and glittering eyes looked like some tint of the Inferno. Round and round they went several times at an ordinary pace; then they went faster and faster, until they could scarcely be seen. For several minutes this was kept up, and the viotim in the centre was nearly dizzy as well as almost frozen. Then commenced a aeries of jumps and walking on hind legs, still keeping the rotary motion. Then came a combination of figures, when one crowd walked round in a circle inside the pack and the others commenced to jump over one another, until they looked like a choppy sea ou a dark night. How long the march was kept up Page does not know, bu j it was broken by another howl in concert, and those on the inside of the pack again came towards him, and this time growled fiercely and snapped their teeth. First the old leader oame up and gently inserted his teeth into Page's shoulder—not enough to break aay bones, but so that the blood liowed freely. Then the others came up and did the same thing, and soon his body was a bleeding mass from a hundred wounds. Still they came and bit him, until it seemed ac if he must bleed to death. The pain was frightful, and his blows on the beasts had become eo weak that they no longer felt them. Now the wolves k6pt up a constant howl and danced indiscriminately and wildly like dervishes. The scene was like pandemonium, and the howls and snarling of the creatures were deafening. Still they bit and Enapped at the unfortunate man and then came back to the dancing. Round and round they went, snarling and snapping and jumping over one another in a Bort of wild frenzy. Faster and faster they went until it seemed as if they rnuet be exhausted, but they seemed tireless and gradually gained speed until they fairly flew over the ground and were running over Page as if never existed. He still realized his position, although suffering agony and seeing nothing before him but death. Suddenly he heard the reports of several rifles and revolvers and became unconscious. When Page came to himself he was in the cabin and his friends around him. He was all wrapped up in bandages so that he could scarcely move. He waa one bundle of aches and pains, but W&B; glad he was not in the middle of a pack of wolves. When he got well enough after several days his friends told him how they had rescued him. They hod been alarmed as soon as it crew dark and he did not come home. One of the men went to the door several times to listen in the hope of hearing his footstepo. The last time he heard the howls of the wolves and called the others. All took as many weapons as possible and went towards the sound, feeling sure Page was bbing devoured. They saw the pack and charged into their, firing their weapons as they went. The cowardly creatures vanished iii a moment and their victim la; in plain sight on the snow. They carried him Lome with very little hope that he would ever epeak again. But he camo to all right, and is now almost well. He will soon be able to eo hunting again, but if he can help it will never attend another wolf-dance.—Exchange, 