the priory ghost. ONCLCDEU. ' HercAith remained with the Indies in the oriel window, while tho rough- looking moid wmnt nwksrdlf cleared ibo dinner table, a- lilted now and again by n smiling word from w voumr mistress. Vou bare ft good view from here, Mrs Vertcbojrlo." « ii ii good to me, hlr Meredith. For- Innately the brickfields aro on the other lide; and, eeon from horo, tho part of tho min and tho old garden and orchard hare a charm of their own for mo. But one miesce a ih0 old elm that nand to bido tho town, which my daughter thinka look beet when won don't see it," with a saiilout tho young girl. 44 And eo you do, dear. Being romantio, yon prefer it when there is n mist over it, and yon havo to imagine what is behind tho reil, gon't you P" replied her daughter, with pretty doQanco. 44 A serious thing to Itavo a xomantio mother, in it not, Mr Meredith ? In thera dajn, too — romance 1 8b o had noed haro a tnattor-of- fact daughter, had eho not!" He smilingly kept up tbo earao tono, his admiration deepening tor tho bravo heart that could make a jeat of her diQioaltha. jlow well the mother and daughter aeomod to understand each othor in making tho boat of their colorless liroa. lie eoon found they eonld talk about something besides tho pam»w experiences of their orcryday world. Xbey were accnaioracd to think intelligently, and wero not without a aplco of humor, &a; wdl ae a romance to oast a glamor orcr their mrroan dings. Cloodliatenore, too, showing a dcwiro to hear what waa going on in tbo world of thought ; and, now aud . again, asking questions which kept his wile at work for n reply— a not unpleasant cvoreteo to Allan Moroditb, accustomed to uso them. An hour passed qnickly away. It wa only the uneasy glances tho young girl was beginning to cast toward tho door which reminded him that Verachoylo had loft them so long. When ho ro-ontorcd the room, Meredith noticed that thoeistor'e eyes turned anxiously towards him. " i made aura about your bag by seeing after it myself, Meredith," he begao. 44 Ite- numbered tbo mistakes Sally's brother is apt to make, yon know, Madgo ; and thought ho night demand tho post ting, or something of that tort." Ho appeared more desirous now of making conversation, reminding Morodith of somo of their Oxford experiences, inquiring about xnataal friends, and what uot. But his gaioty did not alt qoito naturally upon him, and there was an under-current of oxcitamoat in his tono and manner. Ouo there saw that his gaiety waa only on tho rarfoco and that he eyed Meredith closoly aud speculatively when ho thought himself unobserved. 44 'JVo thom-and pound ! Two tbonsand ! —and a quarter of that would aavo me," ho was thinking. Wero tho notes in tbnt wallet of which ho could traco tho oat lino in tbo broad pocket of tho other's coa;? His eyes wore turned again And again, as if fascinated, to that breast packet, while bo talked on apropms of anything that wgqwtod itself. Presently, in reply tonomo remark of bis molbor's with reference to tho rising moon and tho ghoatly wav in wbiuh iM beniiiH seemed to steal about the ruin, ho paid: "Do you know that wo can boast of having a ghont, Meredith?" 44 Our very own, who watches over tho fortunes of tho house," said h»« sister. 44 At lout, that Is the tradltiou. When last heard of, bo wss wandering about, with bin hand uplifted as if in warning. Not very origiual, is it? Aud not of much use, unions ho will tell us what wo aro being warned against." 14 JIavo you seen him, .Mho Verachoylo !" 41 Oh,no. Even he aoauu to have deserted ".Speak for youreolf, Madge," said her brother, stealing a sldo glance towards Hcrodhh. 44 Havo you, then, Laurence Y sho rja-"u- latod, turning qniokly towards him. "I thought you were Inclined to make a jest of itfo monk." . " I am inclined to do tuat no longor, porhaps." "Do yon mean that you havo seen him? Von told mo nothing about it, Laurence." 41 When I know what a fright it guvo you only to imagino you saw him ? " 41 Ilut f wub ouly ten yenn: old then, you know. I waa frightened, Mr Meredith," eho said, turning to him with a smile. " But oven tbon I waa quite as carious as frightened : for though I Ml upon my kncci and hid my fact, I begged him not to go until got sufficiently used to him to bo abio to ask what I wautod to know.4 44 Had ho not tho grauo to do that, Mmj Vereehoylo / 14 44 Well, it was only an old military cloak of iny father's wbiuh Luureaco hail hung over a broom in a corner of tbo ashool-ruom to try my courage." "Iwoudcr what quest »oni you would oak " Ob, there are so many things ono would like to know, 44 tho sweet face ahudowioz, and the eyes taring an anxious oxprcsrion. 44 Is tho monk aupposcl to havo a predi lection for any partioular chamber nskod Moroditb. "Ghonta are uncertain visitors, I know ; but it would bo somoihing to pass it night where ono might booxpuoiod." ,4You might find it no jest if hooame," laid Laurence. 11 Oh, I should take him seriously enough. In fact, I havo something of ML Vera- ohoyle4 fooling. Th'uro are so tuauy ques tions ouo would Hko to ask." Sho wus glancing cnriouslv towards hoc brother. 44 Why did ho tkb that tono— bo that, till now, had been a ready as tbo rest tojobtutthagho.it?" Uutblio had no timo to speculate na to what was in his tniud Now that ho had returned, nbo might con. aider bcrsolf off duty in tbo matter of doing ber shore towards euterUiuing ; and sho had to holp Sally to prepare a room for tho guest, bor Invalid mother to attend to, and tocoii- trivo ft fitting breakfast for the morrow. Tho two young moo penned out on to tho grass before the window, lighted their cigars, and strolled io and fro in tho moon light. 'J'liuro was very littlo intorchango of thought. Allan Meredith was spoculating a to how bat he oonld sot about helping Margaret Vorschovlo's brother ; and beirin. niog tofenrit would ho very dillioulttodoso, \- unloM ho wero inoro inclined than ho now appoarod to put hie shoulder to tho wheel, lie had littlo sympathy for a nature snoh as Vonoboylo's; and unconnoiously perhaps to hioibolf, tbo few wordi ho uttorod convoyed what was in his mlud to tho other, who was qafok to resent it. 44 Pat mo in tho way of earning inonoy, indeed I No uso asking him for a loan;, ho would ho putting all sort of awkward ques tions," thought Vorsohoylo, with tho uuoorv coueaioasnoss that ho would find It difficult to explain without incriminating himself. 44 No, T won't try it 1 It moat bo tho other way— there's no holp for it now. Once out of this holo, 111 pat my shonldor to tho wheel, and pay him back with the flrtt money I earn. He isn't likely to want tho money if -I took all instead of a quarter, aud I won't take o penny mora than that It will only be a loau uftor all, which, if ho wero Hko anyone else, I could openly ask him fur. Yes, 111 do it I If ho sees through the trick, it will be cany to say it was only a jest dono to try him. But 1 think I can manage it so quietly that ho won't woke, and then I am safe." On re-entering tho room thoy bad quitted —tbo only habitable sitting-room tbo Priory oould now boast — tboy found it untooauted, the mother and daughter having retired for tho night. Tho two men sat in desultory conversa tion, maintained with some effort, until, in reply too question from Laurence, Meredith admitted that ho had bad a long day aud was inuhuod for bed. Thoy wont up together, and Lanronoosbowod tho other into ii largo, barely furnished and- somewhat dcsobtto-looldng room, with two doors ioud one high, Barrow, iron- barred window. 4< Sorry wo havo no hotter quarters to offer yon, Meredith." " I out uo sybarite, YersoUoylo. You'll Kty that when you wo my room 'at home. My housekeeper Is always boweUIng my look of appreciation of what sho arils oomfort Uklog out his pocket- bodk as' bo spoke, eiad puttiog It on to the dressuig-talue before removing his coat. Laurence took quick note of tbo position of tho book upon tho table. 44 Woll, good night, old follow;" adding, with on elaborate assumption of oareleesnow, 11 Oh, by tho way, I'd nearly forgotten; there' a key in that door— tho one belonging io this must oe lost, 1 fancy ; bat it seems hermetically nolod. You can't open It, yon ece," taming and polling at tho handle; 14 and yon are safely bar rod in at tho window," with a -little langh. All right, Vereoboylo. A barred window ana a .looked- door ought to bo enough. Good nitiht,'.' tolling himself thoy must Ulk ovar, things in tho. '.marring. , Too late to entor upon whet ho wonted to eejr, just then. In the morning Vcrsoho/la should bo mode to wo thathvre waa a friond who waa not to bo put off; thoy mast go into matters togothor, Voischovlemuit be induced to sot to work, and in the meantime it n>ut bo eo contrived that the mother end daughter should be better .oared for. 44 Toll him that I hare taken a gnU fonoy to this yiapy j-qndi between ourselves, giro him a few thousands for it, perhaps— to bo settled on them— yes, certainly sottlod on thorn." Ouce in bis own room, Yerechoylo eank in to a scat and buried hi fauo in bis hand.. '"If there wore botany othorway but thiil; If only the mau bed not goue tbero bragging ahont hie tbousend ! "trying to pcrsaadenim- wlf that there bad boon bragging, and almo-t hating Meredith for tho wrong ho was about to do him. 44 Ho would not do it! Lot tho worst come to the wont— ho would not !" springing to hi feet again, aud fiercely shaking his fist as against somo unseen tempter. Tho clock in a distant church tower chimi.d twelve. Ouo vibrated on tho night air ; it would soon bo loo lato ! Morning would lawn, and tho opportunity bo | .Shivering with Ihc remembrances of what th« morning might bring— ruin, dbgraro, bin | life blighted— he unco raoro decided) ' muet bo no drawing back. With set i-.t'iij antl determined oyos hn went toward o ch«ir upon which lay ufcldod garment. Ho shook it out— a long, dark, military eloak— and proowoded, in awkward but toiorably ufiicieutfoAbiou, to pin tho capo sons to, at nearly a po-siblo, jettcmblo a monk's hood. Changing his boot for slippers, ho envolopcd bimsoif in tho cloak, drawinc tho hood woll forward, eo a to covor tho vrholo of his face ; then softly onoocd tbo room door, aud stood lLtoaing with bated breath. No sound broko tlio stillnoaa. Ho etolo noisaleesly forth and entered a nm&U; room, the door of which was ajar, an he himself had plocod It a oouplo of hours previously. This room opouod into tho larger ono iu which was Allan Meredith, I.aurenoo atolo silently to tbo communicating door, locked, and with the key outrido. It had been well oiled; but this notwithstanding, there was a blight sound, liko thunder to bis guilty eara, ashe turned tbo kov in tlio lock. IIo waitod brciitulwsly for a few moment again, then, hosting uo sound from within, softly pushed open the door aud lookod in. llie eyes wore, at once, directed towards tho ledJ Ye, Meredith wav, apparently, fast anLop. To mako quito sure, ho stood bifonbaodmotiouloM, lUtaniug intently. Tho quiet, even breathing of ono'ia deep rinmber reached him. lie moved softly towards tho dressing-table, his eyes still turned upon tho bod; ibuu stood motionless again, a tall black figure in tbo semi- darkncEfl. Why did ho hesitate 1 What was it that suddenly impelled him to tell tho truth, and cast himself upon tho moruy of tho man lying there— his good angel battling for him ? Tho scales trembled in tha halanco for a moment, and then it was as though ho had chosan — 44 Evil, bo thou my good ;44 and tho way was, at once mudo easy for him. His eyes lighted on n dark object, which ba know at onco roust bo what ho was in search of, lyiug ou tho whito toilet cover of tho dressing table. If i.s hund closed over it, his eye turntng onco more toward tho bed. Not a movement, not a sound. Pockot-book in hand ho noiselessly crept out, locked the door on the outsido again, und sped back t. hi own roaui. Half tho danger was over. IIo had now but to abstract the money he wanted, and rophico tho hook wbero ho had found it. He put tho luok ou tha tablo, and sat down. 44 What was that f A sigh— a whispered word'? Or was it cowflrJ oonsnlcnco P' Ho sat back nghtBt for n moment; then, with a rcsoluto fnee, bent forward, layiug his hand upon tho book. Suddenly ho. paused, miring hi h«ud agaiu. A sonud— a move ment t .Surely ho heard something 1 Hu hurriedly blow out tho light, and ant with all hi Kunsc on tho alert. Again I Some thing or souioone wss in tho room I Meredith I lind Meredith scon and fol lowed him — had tlio time como to act tho part of jester ? Unconscious!?, ho wo gazing straight before him into the dressing glats, fnintly reflecting, in the pulo, gray light of tho summer night, tho objoou around. Again n slight movement, hardly displacement, of the air ; but uufiiciout to intiuuito a presonco there. Should ho break intoalaii|;h, and chul- l'jngo iforodith— should bo Great heavens ! Mirrored in tbo glass, ho saw u shadowy form moving Blleutly toward him— a form draped iu cowl uud gowu. Tbo monk 1 Laurotico VorFchoylofoll back in lit ohair, his oyo fjstcnod upon tlio tiguro faiutly out lined in the dim light, the left hand raised, a if iu Roiomu warning, and the right stretched forth towards— tho pookot-book ! Ho eaiv it taken from tho table, then everything faded from his vision, and ho lost When at length ho came to himself, it was a little confusedly, and it was sumo timo before he remembered where ho was and what had happened. Tlio pocket-book ! Hi oyo went hurriedly ovor tho table. Gone ! It had been (no dream, thcu — no trick of tho senses. Ho flung out his arm upon tho table and buried his taco upon tlmm. .Suddenly a faint hope sprung tip in Iris heart. It must have beeu Mureduh i Hi own fears, and the dim, uncurtain light, lmd imparted tho spectral, shadowy appearance, and exaggerated tho wholo effect. Meredith must have imagined — as iacaoof emergency ho was to have been induced toimn;:iuo— that a jant was boiug played off ution him, and had doterminod to return it iu kind, rtiituagim: somehow to get himself up for tho rolo. J fad thoy not beou Uiking nnout thu monk and tho gesture of warning 'i Yes; Morcdith, of cqureo! — begiuning to recovnr his noryo. lfo hud been ouught, and iforeiiith hud not loan caught ; that wus all, and ho had only to treat the wholo tiring a a jest. But all this nottvJtlirtuiding, there was an under-current of something vury Hko four in bis mind wliioh canned him Io watch tho slowly broadening light of day with fovorish impatience for tho time whon he could entor Meredith's room. It wuttld not do to go too ourly, lest his very uuxioty should arouse the othrr'u fluspioian. Mverything now do- pt-udo.1 upon his being able to treat the wholo thing oa a jeat. Ha throw off hi disguiso, wanbodand ilrcssed, and then sat listening for tho uiual eouud of Sully's inovomonts about tho house. When the clock struck six ho could contain himself no longer, end made hia way to Meredith's room, goiug to tho door which opened iuto the oorrldor. Meredith, iu resnanso to his kuock, unlocked tho door , and admitted him. " Up already, Morodith 44 Yes, I am accustomed to riso oarly." As ho advanced iuto tho room Ltturbuco darlod n quick look towards the dreiaingriablo. There lay tho pookot-book! Ho had been right ; it had appeared us.a jrat to Meredith, and ho had played ono olfiu return. 41 Jlad I only guessed and kept my wits about mo, iusuind ofmukinga fool of myflulf, by going off in a fainting tit, tho jeat might havo bcou boltor kept np." ' 44 1 see you can mako, as woll as take, n jeat, old follow," ho began, with au attempt at a laugh. 41 1 waa too sloepv and lazy to do more than take it, Voracuoylo. I ssw what was dono both times; but tho restoration was managed best." 41 Restoration?" 44 The patting tho book back." Lauxenco Versohoylo dropped info a ohair, gazing at tho other with widely-opened eyes. 44 Do yon moan to Ay you did uot 1 I' or Heaven's sake, toll mo tho trntb, Mere dith 1 You followed mo to my room and brought tbo book book. I— I— saw you!" 44 Tbnt. yon did oot, nud could not have dono, VorAohoylo. I did not rise from tho bed after I lay down until, six o'clock this morning, just boforo.you eamo in." 44 You must— either awake or asleep, you must havo J" catching at a last hope that tbo other might havo wolkod In hi sloop. 44 No; ou my honor; I was tired, but I oould nqt flleopi . , I .saw .the ghostly ap- pcaranoo each tltpo ; and I waa atruok by the dliforcnoo in tlio w ound. It was a more ghostly affair altogether. I saw, in fact, only a hand and part of an arm." \- Laurence wont hurriedly ' to tho door opposlts that by which, be hod ontered, and turned tho handle ; lookod on tho outeido, as he had left it 1 14 The first camo that war," arid Meredith, who had followed him with his eyes ; 44 but hot the other." 44 Meredith, Ik waa I who came, and I came but once i" ejaculated Laurence, ebud- deriugly- IIo oovarod hia faoo with his hands a few moments ; than, in snddsn desperation, con fessed tbo wholo troth. 44 1 meant to rob you I 1 dressed up aa a monk for the pnrposo. I took tho book, intending to abstraot five hundred pounds ; and, if you wokoandchallcugedmo, was doing to say that It waa dono to try your ploek. I had taken it to my room. It lay on the table before mo, andl was aboutto Opn it, wbon a feolibg I can't dcacrlbo oamo over mo. 1 knew I was not alono. i was sitting before the dressing-table, and, glancing Into the glees, saw the refiectlou of a figure Blending behind mo— the figure of a monk I A deathlike hand waa put forth. I mw tbo fingers close over the book, and tben X sappoo I lost conscious- uesi, for 1 can jremaoiber no more.": 44 The monk i" Meredith gazod at the othor,' and beoauio gravely allsnt again, 44 1 woe iu totxibte troUa," hurriedly went on Laurence. 4 4 1 meant last night to appeal to you for a loan ; but I fancied yon seemed rather bard and stand-offish, and what I had to tell wa not eay to tell. There was a prison before me, Meredith, unless 1 conld ;et money, which there seemed no 'chance of ray bring able to ' getf and tho knowledge that you had all those notes about yon tomptod mo. I 'meant to take tho livo hundred, put the rest back, and trust to the chance of your not suspecting how it had gone. Of course, I cheated tnysolf with tho belief that if I could set myself straight this timo, I would put my shonldor to the wheel and repay you omol>ow. I think I soo myself as I am— now, and I know I shall not again try to retrieve my fortunes that way. Yon enn't despise mo xnoro than I despise tnysolf I" 44 1 am very sorry," said Meredith. 44 1 did not imagine you wore io snch immediate noressity. 1 only wish you had told mo last night, when all ihh might have beoa pro- vented "—still speaking a little abstractedly Wo it to Li regretted, after all, that Ver sohoylo had been brought face to face with liimielf in this way, since it bod brought about audi aroraleuuin his raimU He pre sently decided what course he would take, and went en "Look here, Verdchoylo. I Intended last night to ask yoa to let me holp yoa in some way, uud only delayed until this morning Ihjcuubo 1 wanted to rollert a littlo ss to tho best means of doing eo. We will g3 into that later on. L will only esy now that you noed bo under no anxiety as to the monoy. I have a good income— more, a great dori— tboo I desiro to spend — and there Is a largo surplus lying idle at my banker's just now. Use it to sot yourself straight with tbo world, old fel low then, an tho other mado a gesture of di't'cnt, " Let me havo my say. You shall repay me when you have made your way— as a man of your ability t sure to do. Nonscnso, you have your author and sister to consider, you know." 14 My poor mother and Madgo. Morcdith, yon could tiover unagiao what ray sitter has been to a." 44 Louldn't I'r" thought Meredith. 44 Sho ban kept us going tho last six months; and though tho pressure was growing heavier and heavier, she never What a selfish brute I havo hcen !" 44 Coidc, it' something to recognise that!" thought Meredith. 41 There's some hope for you, after all;" adding to the other, 44 Wo will get there bilLisotfledatonco, andiheowe -an uo what juu aro most inclined .to turn to." Tho two young men went Mown tozcthor, and found breakfast awaiting them— a more varied and bountiful repast than had been sot before them thu previous evening, Sally having run down to an adjsceut farmhowso forsupplio. Tho two breakfasted togothor alono. Mrs Verecholye kept her room till late in the day, and her daughtor, who was superintending in thu kitchen, had only timo to look in with a morning greeting. After breakfast tho two young men held' consultation togothor, then cot off for the town, called at the lawyer' oflico thero, and sontoff sundry telegrams. When they re turned to the l'riory later in tho day, it was oxplalned thu Meredith had boon helping Laurence with bh advico on bu.rincR matters. 44 Ho 1 tho boU old fellow in the world, Madge— acting with tho noblest gnuorority 1 1 think all our trouble will Boon ho over now," said Laurence to his eister wheu thoy were alouo. _ 4 Generosity ! Oh, Lauronco, you won't take his money?1' sho ejaculated, a ring of sharp pain in her voice. 44 Not hia money !" 44 1 won't toko advantage of him, Madgo. I swear it. Something lias happened. I em a different man, and my whole lifo will bo changed." Hi tono and mannor gavohor more bopo than ovon hi word. 44 1 am goiug to sut.to work in oArnsst, and he will bo repaid for all ho means to do." 44 Aro youHura?" she mnrmurod ; adding a littlo doubtfully, with tho romombrauco of past experience : 41 But how?" 44 'l'lut you will eco later on." Sho w» to ece, in another wav than that ho supposed. Meredith lost no timo in striving to gain tho pri/.o ho had Rot hi heart upon, retarding ngaiu and again to tbo l'riory until hu had won hi wife. It was tho last ovonintr of their stay at tho qld place. On tho morrow Murgorot Ver achoylo wa to bo hi wife, and they woro to go direct to hi beautiful Devonshire homo for tho parpoto of comfortably installing her mother .there, before suiting furth on tho tour. Mr Vereoboylo' health had wonder fully improved with thu knowledge of hor children a bright prospects ; nud wondora wero expected from tho suit Devonshire Tliuy bad been reading a latter from Lauvonco, fall of bopo nod onUmsiaem for tho now lifo ho had bognn in Canada, where ho hsd chosen to make his start, Meredith having rendurod thu wav easy for Llm. As they lingered on tho tonaco tha happy girl ventured to whisper oat the confession that had to bo made before alio became his wife. Sho must havo no ecorets from him now. 44 Allan, yon know how— Lanrooco baa told you what ho moant to do. But thoro Is aorootbing else yon ought to know. ITow shall I toil yon ? Ho thought ho saw a ghost that night ; but, oh, Allan, It was I." 41 1 don't think be would havo dono it after all, darling. I boliovo ho would havo mado a oloan breast of it iu tho moruing in any 41 Bnt you arc not Rirrnriaotl to hear it was I who played tho ghost tho Bocond timo ?" Uo roplitd only with a caress. 44 1 did it in tho desperation of tho moment, and fear gavo mo countgo." 4 4 Tho first tima I havo heard of fo&r; giving oonrsgo," taking tho aweet face between hi hands and looking into her eyes. 44 Oh, well! 1 meant fear for him. I thought— I feared that Lauronco was going into your room — 1 watched him go ; aod then patting on a loag waterproof cloak, and drawing tho hood over my hoad to lonk liko tho monk, I followed him. It was I whu put tho pockot-book baok. 44 How did you manage it?" with a imilo. 4'Yoo boo you had left your window a littlo open. I climbed tho tbiok ivy tbat runs np tno wall— I had often dono it when a child— elippod my hand between ibo bars of tho window, aod put the book upon tbo table." 44 But you forgot to raise your hand In waroinv; and ghosts aro not generally iu suoh a hurry, I think, to ray nothing of the sizo of tbo hand." "It was a Bcrarnbla ; did you hear mo fall ?" "I heard a littlo 'Oh !' " 44 Thou you did know? " 44 1 knew Verachoylo had a very good sister." 44 Allan, I do not think ho suspoote. Ought I not to tell him tho truth f" 44 Not yot. iSinco tlrs impression has worked eueh good effects, as well let him re main uodcr it for ft while. Timo enongb to koook down the scaffoldlmr whan tlio build. log 1 completed — eh, darling I" — 44 Strand Maga/ioe." 