THE DISPUTED TERRITORY. Speaking on this subject in the Assembly last week, Mr. ASH, in resuming the debate, said on August 4, 1880, Sir. Hardy asked ("Hansard,1 p. SSO)—"L Wl,at action does the Government intend to take in conse quence of the refusal of the Government of Victoria to reconsider the question of the boundary between South Australia, and Vic toria? 2. When do the Government intend to ta,ce action.' The Treasurer (Hon. C. Maim) replied—"l. The Government intends takin" action for the purpose of forcing a decision nn the question of the disputed boundary I..'tween South Australia and Victoria oitjier by sellhip dutiable articles on the diFpuU-d .strip' of country or by granting a lease thereof. 2. As soon as possible. Before they could take any action it would be necessary to fix wit.H pre cision the real boundary lines. Thii would take considerable time and! roquirc signals to be made in the Kurlhern Territory." Mr. West-Erskine on the same day moved— " That copies of all eorresjxmdenee "duriiyr the past IS months between the Govenisnciits of Victoria and South Australia with reference to the boundary lino of South Australia be laid upon the table of this House." Mr. Wost- fclrskine said—" lie had understood from Jlr. Hardy that be did not intend to move iv this matter, and had therefore taken action. lie thought something should be done to put South Australia in a proj?er position with re gard to her own territory. \Ve were being robbed of a large anuual income from not being in possession of a strip of land which properly belonged to South Australia, having beau deprived of it tlirough the imperfect way iv which the survey was originally made." The Treasurer (Hon. C. Mann) said " that the matter had been under consideration for some six or seven years at any rate. First of all the Gov?rnment had communicated with the Victorian Government when Sir. 3facPherson was the Chief Secretary. It was agreed that the astronomers of tile two colonies should meet to 5x the true boundary; afterward Mr. Francis had consented on the part of the Victorian Government to fix the meridian, but stipulau-d that that should only be done in the interests of science. Since that time nothing had bnen done to define the boundary, but Mr. K«!rferd had deiinitely aercod to sub mit the matter to her Miiesty's Privy Council, but that agreement had'been sub fluently repudiated. A very strong appeal V.IS afterwards made to 31r. Berry, but the re ply of that gentleman had been not only a, fiat refusal but a very insulting one. and one which should not have been made by the Chief Secre tary ot one colony to the Chief Secretary of another. The Government had even after that appealed to the Chief Secretary of Mr. Ser vice's Ministry (Mr. Ramsay), calling the attention of the Victorian Government that no le.<s than two Chief Secretaries had promised to submit the matter to a definite ruling, and giving a ivkukii* of the history of the <ju<slio?. i he uja.tu.-r was doubt less a most important one. It WiiM jiot merely the value of tho land, although the Surveyor-General estimated tliat at £i<OP,OOO, but the interests, of justice, of pood order, and good govern ment likewise demanded that the ques tion should be definitely set at rest. It was lor these reasons that the Government were anxious to have it settled. It had been proved that it was idle to suppose that the V lctonan Government would consent to re open the question, ;ind the alternative that tne (jrovernment proposed was to force the matter into one of the Victorian Law Courts, either by selling dutiable articles, or by the Government granting leases in the disputed country. This course would be adopted as soon as ever tho boundary was pro perly determined ; but some astronomical ob servations would first have to be made." The Attorney-General (lion. \V. H. Bundey) sa;d tliat "the lion, member might rest assured tliat the Government would tako all necessrjy s.-ps before proccxling to i-xtrt- mities. Ho tnougut, ImwMtr, tliat whoa the additional correspondence was laid oil the table hon. nii-mh^rs would Kv.* that every )x>ssjbli' effort had bwn uiiuU- by tho Government to avoid litigation. l>ut tlm question mu.-t be brought to an issue, otherwise complications might • Irisi lv '-''^ hearing of criminal caws connected with ontmoes committed in the disputed country. Th.n,-«.rj- m,,de suggested by thy hon. irmuhwfar Wallanio of having the question submitted to tho Privy Council had lx-en jictualiy agreed to by tho Victorian Govern ment, (Kit that colony had afterwards re pudiated its agreement. He would ask hon. niemoers to peruse the miiiut«s of his hon. and lerj-jied colleague the Treasurer, which set out '-ne facts of the case and showed that it \\\:is u!)w,lut.:-!y necessary in the interests of public justice in both colonies that the matter should be definitely settled. That the Victorian Government believed they wore wrong was tmu; they oould not "believe otherwise, and tht-y had not dared for many years past to reoprn the question." lit the Legislative Gouncii on Juno f> 18KJ ("Hansard' p. ai), the Hon. A. fi. Murray a-sked— 1. Has any progress been made with regard to the settlement of the disputed boun dary hue between Victoria and South Aus tralia ? 2. \\\ hich of the two disputed lines is now recognised under the boundary Customs duties arrangvraent between the two coloniral" The. Chief Secretary (Hon. \V. Morpia) said "there was ooiisidenibledifficiilty in theGovern -5?. entV I Ulkin * ***-'!* lo Bettlti this question. me liiai. Mr. Murray would know that the tiow-rninent had asluii the Victorian Govom ment to allow a case to be stated in the 1 riyy Council, and they hod twice awed to do so, out when there was a change in the Govern ment of the other colony the agreement wxs re pudiated :iu fact they were told to uo their worst. The. formal answer was as follows:— L The opinion;, of counsel have Ijeen taken, but no further progress has lx*n made. 2. The bni'.mir.ry !me disputed by South Australia is for the purpose of iho arrangement reoogniwd Without prejudice. The Government were still '•ttns.:ileringth<:quPSt.un and ;is .■-oon as any thing u-aa agreed upon prompt action would be taken.^ In the Assembly on November I*>, 1881, the Government stated nothing -urther had been done in this Matter, in the Victorian Assembly on 31st Octolier, !SS3 (according to the Victorian " Hansard " of ISS3, p. L74of, "Mr. W. iLiddern asked the Minister of Lands whether lie had recently re oeivrai any comrjunicsition from tbe South Australian Government with reference to the liisp^ted Uirrii'iry on tiis lx)rder between .South Australia acd Victoria; and if not, whotijur lie v.ould take action during the rwoss to bring :;bout a settlement of the matter * lie might mention that during tlie time iic was in office the Premier of South Australia expressed his intention of making an ex parte apjjeal ou the subiect to tho Privy Council. Mr. Tucker stated that there had beon no recent ooinmimi>.uuoii with the South Au-tralLin Government ou the pubjwt, and the boundary line as fixed was satisfactory to the colony of Victoria. It was marked by competent sur veyors, and Victoria did not admit that ilieiv v;ia any disputed territory at aIL Owing to the increase of population end the in terests which laid grown up in the proximity of the 141 st meridian, it would xi advisable to stick to the boundary." Iv the Assembly on September 23, 18S4 (S.A. '•Hansard," p. 1,071), in reply to ilr. Hen ning, the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. \V. Coltoa) said the matter ot the disputed territory " had been under the co>isideratiou of the law officers of the Crown for many years past, and it was a subject; that the Government regarded as Ixing of considerable importance. The Go vemmeut liad dcicrmimstl to make an early eSorttobriiig- aboutasetUenientofthequestion.*1' The next document was South Australian rarliamentary paper No. 84, of 18S5, which contained a letter iruni the Premier ai Victoria stating that up to that date the Victorian Go vernment had dealt with the land in the dis puted territory by selling 22,077 acres and loos ing ]37,1!1G acrtjo. The next document was South Australian Parliamentary paper Xo. ISO, of ISSo. lo consisted of 7 pages, but it was un necessary to refer to the first ti of them, Ix^cause they merely set out the proposed case lor reference in substantially the same words he liad quoted on a previous occasion. This was the proposed agreement between the two colonies to consent to tlie I'rivy Council de ciding the matter. Van was as iolluws:— " That it has been agreed lictv.-eun tlie titid Go vcrnmcQti of Suuth Australia Victoria thus, Victoria shall issue, for grazing pur|)cses ouly, annual hceuses renewable for five years of other portioiis of ibu said disputed terri tory, auii thitt all qui-stioas as to rentd ru ceived for the same shall be adjusted between the said Governments according to the result of the present case; aud in pursuaui* of the s^id sgreemrut tlij Government of Victoria, lias, during;tLie year ISSS, leased as aforesaid a fm-ther area of 77.355 acres of tlie said dis puted territory at rents amounting to i4,W>3 12s. t)d. per annum. That the intercolonial railway to couuoct Adelaide with Melbourne will be shortly completed, and it has been agreed betweeu the said two Governments that the border station shall bo placed on the said disputed territory, • aa d shall Ix 3 constructed by tho Vieturian Go vernment at the joint cost of the said two colonies, and that Hip railway across ihe said disputed territory siiail be censtrueted by the Victorian Government, and in tuo cveut of the said disputed territory being decided io belong to South Australia, tlien fcouth Au- K traiu, shall recoup the Government ot Victoria the cost of constructing the railway across tlie said disputed territory. Your petitioners therefore, mast numbly pray tltat yum- mo-t lixeelleut iiajobty in Council will be' b T--^:<JU.^ v pleased to determuie. whether the s;?ni iiixiL-ia matious, issued by the resiieotiva'Govti-iiora ot South Australia in the year 1847, and of Soulii Wales in tlie year lai'j. ; iicre^i'jfin'ra i.vi out, are, or ought to be, biiiilini upon ihe I colouy of fcoutu Auitraiia, juid u^i -vui-' li;;je.-.ty may be Kv.u:.<-U-ly |? K ..-u*-.l i., :1,.i;.«: ! tucli furtiier '-'i" u'-ii'.r >jixier j., -, j vi".i;- l',i-j'. .-:<.--1 iii- Ci/aacii r.w -jijx'ar ju.-t tinj j'tl.',.^:•. ''i'i.\z i ujii Zius 3., .ruw- ajci:. v.liii.ii ilie i'iv;^i.a^i,.ci--i Victorian tariiameiiiai-y paper io. lm) t>t\ 'S«r lliey foimd exactly the same case printed word for word. And come correspondence pre viously read was also printed in that Blue-book of Victoria, lie now came to South Australian1 Parliamentary pappr Ko. 74 of ISBO, which contained a ]ilan oi the disputed territory. In Ihe Victoiian "Uansard''of June 18,1885, page 22, there ar>j>earc-d a report of a debate oh this matter, which was comnieuced by Air. Duffy. After that gentleman had finished, Jlr. Service remarked that '* the matter referred to was a very little one—one which he thought the House v.-ould agroe justifi-id him in doing <dl that ho bnd dbne so rar. He believed that rrcfy successive South Australian Government liad agitaUd for an adjustment of. the ijorder line, and a great deal of correspondence had passed on the subject, year after year, between the Governments of tho two oSioniefi. Kd doubt the qUtiiion was one which ought to !si': settled definitely one way or the other. He had consented to tJie submission of die matter to the arbitration of the Privy Council on two conditions. The first was that the reference should concjm hlriotly the future^ not the past—.so thnt no question could arise with respect to past possibilities; and the otlier was that it s-bould be euhmitted for the approval of vbe Victorian Parliament before b-.-iug B-rut to the Privy Council." That was a diMirat a?itni'.-io!i Uiat the Victorian Govern irt'j:t had coi^eutud to the reference being made In the nanie volume of Victoriau " Hansard," pafre 747, Sir. Bent was reported to have asked the Chief Secretary "whether the rents to be derived from the disputed territory on the South Australian border were to be divided—as stated in the Artjus news paper of the 15th August—between South Aus tralia and Victoria "r" Mr. Berry had replied that the "Government did not intend to divide with South Australia the money received as rent for laud immediately east of the South Australian boundary line. The matter was mentioned in the South Australian House of Assembly oh 7th July, ISSS, Hansard, page 193, when the Hon. J. Colton had moved for the production of a copy of the statement from the Victorian Government showing the quantity of land sold and leased in the dis puted territory between South Australia aad Victoria. Ho said—" I wish to explain to members and the country what has been done in this particular matter. With a view to accuracy I have copied the notes I made soon after the interviews Ihr.d with Mr.Service in Melbourne, and these I will read to the ton. members:— 00 February 10, 1885 I first interviewed the Hon. James Service on the disputed boundary question, when we discussed the whole matter at some length. I pointed out to him how iinjxntant it was that the question should be settled trithout further delay, especially so as railway communication between the two colonies will be completed in about two years, and that it had been mutually agreed to build the joint station in about the centre of this knd. I also submitted three suggestions with a view of early settlement. 1\. It should Ije submitted to arbitration. 2. The whole should bo valued, and as Victoria was anxious for territory, South Australia wouid Jet them have the country on paying one half of its value. 3. Refer the whole to the Privy Council. Nothing was done at this conference, but it was agreed that it should etaud orer until tny return from New Zealand, when Mr. Service would be prepared to say wliat Victoria would be prepared to do. On April 2, as arranged, I aguin interviewed Mr. Service, and while he was not prepared to entertain the two first proposals, he distinctly ngre?d to refer the question to the Privy Council. On behalf of the South Australian Government I assented to this, and, at Mr. Service's request, I agreed to haw the case drawn by this Government, when it was to be submitted for final settle ment. On my return to Adelaide I forwarded all the papers to the Attorney-General, with a minute requesting that the case might lie pre pared as early as possible. During this inter view I asked Sir. Service if any of thi? land had been alienated or dealt with in any way by the Victorian Government. He intimated that some transactions had taken place, and at my n quest ho promised a return, which reached me snon atter my return to Adelaide, particulars of which I now move for. Some statements vhicii ?*i r. Service has made in the Victorian Legislature bear ont what I ajn saying. As far as the facts are con cerned Jlr. Service and I are agreed. As to what is to be submitted to the Vic toriau Parliament I am not clear. T.lr. Service iais not said anything about that. The only question has !:een as to the drawing of the case, and it was arranged that the SoutE Australisn Government should craw it and submit it to the Victorian Goverment with a view to agreement thereon. The matter is one of vital importance to both countries, and should be settled at once. With these remarks 1 ask that the return desired may be laid on tlie table of the House. (The Commissioner of Crown Lajids (Hon. J. H. Howe)— * The Go vernment have no objection to tho motion.') Carried." Similar statements were made in the House of Assembly on .1 uly 21 and 23, in ISSS. It was mentioned iv Victoria again in li&C;, ;md an clausing debate oi the luatter would be found on page Tii'i of " Hansard"' for that year. On that occasion it was brought forward as if South Australia were for sale, not only in single lots, -bi:t by the dozen, and it ap ptsared as if Victoria were prepared to buy South Australia right out without even giving notice of motion about the matter. Mr. D. JL Davii-s rose "to asi: the Premier if he would consider tlie advisability of conferring with the Government of South Australia with the view of effecting, if possible, an amalgamation be tween that colony and Victoria? This question is of such a, wide character that probably it may bo misunderstood, and therefore it is absolutely iK'Oc.'isaiy that I should say few wonls. I don't intend to make a speech, but, in order that the ni?eis of ihe House may be complied with, I will conclude with a, motion. I ciidc-avurvd so tofrsiae the question that it should not bear tho appearance of a wish to tak« any advantage of or to humiliate the sister colony. Notuirg is further from niy in tention than that. I myself am an old South Australian. I know the people there and their habits very well; and I assert that no better specimens of the British people can be found in any of these colonies than in South Austra lia. I may say further that I would not have put the question on the paper on my own motion. 1 Wii£ induced to do so from conversa tions and correspondence which I have had with tome leading men in South Australia in which 1 have been given to understand that there is a strong desire on the part of a large num ber of the;>eopleof thatcolony that South Aus tralia should join Victoria—not that we should swallow them up—not that South Australia should cease to exist as a colony, any more than we should, by the transaction. 1 see no reason at all why this should not take place, except one based on sentiment. There is nothing in the matterof name. So far as lam personally concerned, if the object which I advocate, and which 1 believe to be a. good one, were carried out, I would not care whether the whole territory was called South Australia or Victoria, or any other name. The name would not at ill affect the result. The proposal may be objected to ou the ground that South Australia might have to giv« up its Parliament and other institutions, but I sea uo reason even for that. There might be a. local Parliament in Mel bourne and a local Parliament in Adelaide, and there miglit nlso Ije a. Senate, or something of that kind, in the Portland or the Wlmmera district to legislate for tbe combined colony. South Australia has an immense territory and a large anio-jcc of mineral -wealth of almost vvery destriptioa which ueeds developing, and jieople in that colony are under tile impression that if they could command the money and tome of the energy which have raised this colony to its present position their condition would be materially improved. I need scarcely :idd that the union of South Australia and Vic toria would remove a large number of diffi culties which now exist between the two colo nies. For many years we have had a dispute with South Australia as to the boundary. We cannot agree a-s to the exact meridian of longitude wliich separates us, and therefore there is between us a portion of country whicn, no to speak, is no man's ground. That difficult!' would be swept away at once, as would also lie the difficulty with reference to the waters of the Murray." In the course of the debate Mr. Gillies said:—l do not consider myself justified, at tiie present time, in opeiiing up com munication with South Australia ; but I can assure tlw hon. member for GrenviUe that, if I see the slightest orraortunity for taking die matter in hand I will 'heartily avail myself of it. I believe that the iutereste of both South Australia and Victoria would be materially advanced if they were to become one united colony." On t&e; 10th August, ISSfi, i" the Victorian Assembly, page 1035 of "Hansard," ilr. Bent was reported to have directed atten tion to the fact that the disputed boundary iuid not yet bcx>a settled. He uad received no satisfactory auhwer. In the Victoiian Council on the. 7tii December, 188(5, "Han sard," page 2<H(i, a long debate was reported. "The lion. W. A. Zeal called the attention of the Minister of Justice to the statements pub lished in th<; Melbourne daily journals to the ertect that the Victorian Government contem plated, in conjunction with the Government of oouth Australia, referring the question of the territory west of the I4Lst meridian of limgi tudu and claimed by the Government of South A'-istrslia, imt, nlways held and occupied ms a portion ot this ixjl-miv, to the determination of the Lords «jf the Privy Council; and asked the following question :—' 1. is euch a nrferenet: cor.templauxi * 2. On what data do the Goverjuncut admit the validity of the claim of the South Aubiraiuui troveiTiineut; aud, if nut, oil what pronurtsdn tiiu Victorian Govuru ment prorwse t>> n«:u-ent ta tuck reference. 3. Do the Victorian Government propose, iv the presumed rcleiyuu/, to make any claim on the Aiirtialutu Covn'iiai. :it; ;uid, if not, [on what k'niuiuii tk> :':.■ "' ut'.uu.;i Goveru | in<.'.-!t K'pi''.' ?J i-o"_i:--i-i:i tn MK-ii ivi""renee? I -'.. J>> .:) ■ Vii*;«:.'.->;:; (iVncruai1;: jtv>jx>sv, in \xh: jin-.-T.r.K*;! p-)\j iv::«.". tj :;i-i!:;; any viaaiu ou tlisi A'.::-;i\4!i.v.i 'J ..•• vriimt-nt icr the out < lay _:.:-i^.': .i iii t!.- p:v<decution oi Cms Burice i tad V« ;Ut. e:-:peiiiLiou, the r?:_sulc of which espe | ditiou has been tlie acquisition by South Aus tralia of that large {Kttfmot fioai&irif; known as ISorthern Austzaiia, sad'ct^iiiilem tory the Victorian Govesmest ai^it sea sonably have supposed tbe T?h|w?J -<?I> verument would bave im>«n?naa)U3 «3Si Victoria as a reward far ite fatge «4 lay and disinterested enterpaser" jhfle course of a epeech on the matis- fe Ba3t— " In order to enable hon. mpmhfrs to geafea the absurd nature of die daim eetop tgrSoo& Australia it need only be aanila—dtfaatflte countay already possessed fcytfntwftnryciin prised 303,960 square nubs, «r hi less fi? 578,361,000 acroE, bo Hot TO* anjgwjjJ upwards of eleven times tte a?? aV^sn -in feet one so large tia& fw?ij#fa administer it —it was semiyg to VKt^ASicuu^aS diminutive neighbor a **™P ft^^j-*so!"^^ aderable that it was haxSfy iMSMfc te^: oeiveof it beingtaken intpaewwiilrijwH puij^ such conduct was the uttvtm «e«im iinuil!*" j The Eon. Mr-Cuthbertlnd rrifirfa^agW?i— "Coming to the questions jpot ojrtaetiaz?ir alile member, the answer *p_^? fadtr-mxaj, ' Yes.' To the second lie wffifiM ?*!% ?*b— follows:—'TheGovemmeat do atAaOnSttbo validity of the claim of tbe Sonfli AjnfibaTnn Government, but as tiiis hat been, m tnag- Etandi&g; dispute, and as Miimlill"^'"l —"fj^^l^ Queen in Council has been JMI liii>wd.|iy Jjub-' vioua Governments, thffiGqwe«iiiiiHlt|faweo?a-. SCntod +" * jnirtt. giiVimwaanM otfa<^ WgHHIWJO each eide to argue tbe case befaoe ttfc&isy; Council.' To the third qoestiaa tte amEsee was 'No.'" The Victonam Gowennnentin effect at that time had said thy wa -wiling to do what was Justin this mat Sec Sbt?n! not satisfied ilr. Zeal, boveoo; tAa.jaa December 14 of that year >«as igmriwl an "Hansard," ptge 2,SZi, to faaxe ?>ofbb4^— " That in the opinion of tins Hnoseaoya? renoe should lie made to the Lcoteottfae^fey Council of ths r∑ <]f fjb& ftwit^* .^hhli jKjmi Government to that portion of 4he«riknjr«E Victoria, which lies to the west «E fl>& 141 st meridian of lumjitnfln m«a £bt> exact details of the a?eeed whn«* are submitted to and bwe MBBIhA tt? approval of the Fajdiament of Taebsaa. 30- The Hon. H. Cuthbert etatod "tiufc «Ss matter of the disputed bonmiai.y lietiimii IK> toriaand South Unuli ilii Imi tutu liliiilim consideration of vanous film iinnrmfr. TiiWi# whom had been desirous of bas&S;' ftqmeSiy and satisfactorily settled. T*^ cudjer"«KS?> before the Service GovtanmaA }•>* j|im_^w* they promised that it should 1x Ga^ndbb?dCbF^ the opinion of the Privy Onanial ingly, a case fairly <antmdyiag mpijl'JMim.' which oould be properly stated «b bebaiEcf Victoria, on the one faaad, atad. SooSijAsis faalia on the other, had been pnepai?d, and «b had been submitted to da Gnu mill «g South Australia, for appravaL Aseoo?ttnafe submission to reference was «ciwd ta,-ma>A before it was signed, eeakd, aad 3e&t;?ea—/ which was an impoctant tvut ihw imjuimwJjm. with the execution of a deed—it wald jb? brought beforti both Hooses *£ fiiliiuifiil, ' and Sir. Zeal would iaxca,faEmpatba^nt£j carefully reviewing it TTnder ilw'iiri'ii^jiiiTi: stances, and as the motion was caiMJjlfe?T|i?; emharafia the action of tfae GowaaaiiJtrlm ; would ask the hon. nwmhw to wi?ltili?w.^gg Surely, if the facts were faiily tiaiaS, jig*-lfe?.: no doubt would be—and if taeywoe wrt^fe"'-1 they no doubt would be, it wonal be com-: petent for Sir. Zeal to move ffaat tiie smv miasion should be altered oc wnaefl—«iatfc?a . they to apprehend from a, irf«rw> to 'Jbo Privy Council! If their<3aim«aak-A Jo*" one it would be confirmed. S ft' Was;1 unjust, why should they <naafc to ae tain that which did not bearrar to 4hem2 On December 15,1886 <"H*BSard>p. SB9QiB tbe Victorian Assembly, Sir. Wirnm pro mised that the Goyemmeot wcpM a&aA;^Sba; Bouse £21 opportusxty of <lihiiiwjng *jujfc— --, tiou cf the reference to tbe 'PrhrrGomaL In the Assembly on ISth Jane, 3885 (Saofii^ss--. tralian "Hansard," p. 158), "Wr WnnfiyJAt asked^L What progi«Bsliasbeen.S?ade ■?'*?■ the settlement of die disputed lwuWfaiy ?iraflt Victoria during the past woe?s! 2. Dotbs> Government intend to take any faiftwaeJ?^ in the matter? 3. What do tine Gonenome?fe propose to do? The Aitt?m^GtueaH?aa. ; J. W. Downer) said—ln Dooe?Aoi 3EBS^ai dispatch was addressed to tbe Rauuer nC Victoria, with a copy <of tbe case to be «nb tnittcd to tho Privy Oonnal, to **iii samtjfly, was receivud. objecting to uuweul ot«tejpg? vistons. A further ifi^^^i itt GBDE^jok' April, 1886, to which no xejdh/ lias_:yefc_ been received beyond ? ' *'|, JT' Ml" ti*y-^ communxcation on last Xbmda^ dn. tescGntt -* of the communication triiwiril to abase ?£? GoveiTjincnt will be able to eve fl?" &wss; further information an the mSjett. -Wat was in 3£elboura.e X bsd £nt}i*^^ ■*bmiiim j'"|4*—:* tion with Mr. GUlesandodKnsontinssagedi. and they promised me to amOiiiatsmy vas^ia.\ getting the case settled and eabooUsd to JCbs; Privy Council. I have no reason to isbotgbo they won't adhere to whattb^&mfao.;'* Parliamentary Paper, Uo. 103 otlSS. jpni/lifS a case for reference to tbe Privy OaaisL prac tically prepared by TteSnda, batib tOd-noB contain much ccw, except two pacafzsp^Etiiak he would read, and which «m as Mkjw=— •' Your peiidouers, the Goseaar aWJ.Knra-:1 tive Council of the utovinoe «E SoDnb. j&ns; tralia, contend and hnmbV *übm3.' to'the"' decision of your llajesty in OoDnia}-r^Ebatfi??, boundary-line laid down inSSCTby ibeoid.- Henry SVade was erronooas,amd «3e«iof in accordance with the provisHmset Aiesaa?'j&lJb;'' 4aads William XV\, cl 95. or wfli jte~^ia; letters patent of his latf MajffiyKmgWiHTam the I'ounh, issued under via tiaai Art, iiats-" much as it does not truly drfafe ttgon 4be ground die said 141 st xaea3aa,biiki?tems than two miles to die west tbenttE, am£l tiofe the prochunations of the Gcwauum eS fee respective colonies herein Bet ant vese «Z£rs viret and of uo validity, wad that tbe"£>■&-. boundary is not and newer bas been '<fife legal; boundary between the said oufcww-h, mad it has acquired no validity by the CnaalaDnvC the said Act of IS and 14 Vict,cHLcrlyL the subsequent acts of teo?tadai jansmcSani exercised by the Government «f ,tbe «diaay<£ Victoria, over the laud to the east «C tbes^ ■ line, nor has there been any KaSng «c-: quiescence on the part «f tbe Ga**aaaia& of South Australia in soch acss.«£ feri- torial jurisdiction and ocoopslxan by tba colony of _ Victoria, or any' acutig ;nnn of the said line as a, legal aasL ing boundary; and tbalt wan ai?fittE^y4rtber^ agreement entered into mnder tbe pammaas of Bach an Act, oould poas?ik'aStertii?lncii dary line from, the 141 st «~«^?«" jL?fl^os petitioners, the said Governor aad 3Eieeafo? Council, on behalf of tbe said humbly submit to year Ma|«sty*as* y/aac Majesty should givs soca «pi?f&M;?L aE^rall cause the position on iheeartWseni&ce;<S Bba 141 st meridian of east lifyjiiWiK to beasoer tained as neariy as pnaaMaJyfcuiMq^a^tmjaci appointed for that purpoae by tbe ?espectine< Governments of Sonth Aastraba.aaafi'VaciOiia; that upon the position ot aid naa?el fcein^ ascertained, the came he imaged ootoa this ground, and that the £ne SO ascertained and marked shall tlieiKiefoidibeandee&emsa; to be the boundary between tbees^ ooHoaues ot South Australia and Tjctnro. Aai sajor petitioners, the GoveniorandfiieuuliieCojmcH. of the colony of Victoria, r?ni*mfi m*alhan£&y; submit to the deoskn of tdht Uajesty in Council-—That tbe line Jaid <nt fey the said Henry Wade in ISfi, and continued to the River Murray im OeoenOjexv 1850, and since acted upon as the easting boundary between the said eaknaes, «s unirtbs ' eastern boundary of the colony <f SoathAus- Aaistralia,' referred to m the linpeDaiL&dtSS; and 14 Viet, c 59, as the limit on the Mat «E -the colony of Victoria erected ly fl?«n^ ?■* into a separate colony. And your neijtiunea, the Governor and Kxecntne Ownril tx_ &a; colony of Victoria, further inmnwr ajiiuMit: the decision of your Majesty in Gnanaltbas the said Una should pot be dgtoAedara?tewsiL after the long undisturbed esenase ot tem-^ tonal jurisdiction over ties oomrtfy onthrr aiH' of the said line of the colony oCVadbna^xmaar which various rights snd-mte??Sts lose been created, and a population betnane aet>3ed.nnder ihe local laws and constitution of dtect&aryol; Victoria. You petitionexs tbsdoce Immldy pray that your Most KaoeTleWt 3la|eEty in Council will be graciously pleased to derate upon the matter in dispute between Jonrpeti- Uoners, as set out in this |?^jt?p« andtolaais such order on tfaesameastoyngrMn?tGiJunws jlajesty in Council shaHaeeamigLt. And your petitioners further pray that, wbeHarftedea sion of your Host Gracious Majesty in Council shall be that the line contended for by soar petitioners, the Governor in Coonm of Victoria, shall be maintained as tbe boondsry line between the said oolonieE, or ?ul?<l««?r tbe decision of your Most Gracaons Majesty in Council shall be, as "'J-AJ tor by tbe Governor in Council of Sooth Aneba&a;, tbaft the line laid down by tbe said Henry Wiade is of no vaUdity as a boandary Ebb between tho colonies, and that a. new line in tbe toms submitted by the Govemorin Oonnd«f iSoalb. Australia shall be detenmined opon. aad; la£l down as the boundary between tbecnloiiKS. that your Most Gracious SEajesty in C^mol will take such order in tbe natter **>-*; a permanent boundary line chaU be c^aUi^ted between the said colonies; andtbaXtbfiaiehte and titles of persons in {nssesssai faHEcnd' within the disputed area doll not In rfj^ by euch decision of yocr Host CusiStma itajesty in Council; and tbat alL^o?^ra^r steps may be taken for validating «?^S^ ring without cliarge any ti&s; tolaafi «rto •)? oocunanoy of land granted by tbe Goweonaent of Victoria; ? ? that the Gorep^^g A' ictoria siir.U not oo KJSmredtoio?oa^jSL; pay over any moneys received by ihe^M Government of V ictona, for land sdinu^i Government on the eastof tbe EnHutKa^ by. Mr. Wade, or rents ceived in respect of any soA l^^ttrJhfJSr other moneys arising 6nm tte «b^?S territorial jurisdiction over eqtSi j-la"?! ? w-v. Xh tor a M to tbe &&x;**te?££Z?£ \\\ is, the Uovemmett takeinaD?dito^>-^ detciiniuatliequestion9 TbeQfeF*^^^ <Hon. .V. G. *t«ai?ay)'wrtied^L'^^^ case aad agreement for s3enaiasetoa£*2sf? . Council have lately been returned with altera* tions which are now under consideration. 2. No effort has been or will be spared to secure a settlement of the matter as early as possible." They would notice that that phrase "as early as possible" occurred throughout bix years, and yet nothing was done. In the Legislative Council on September 20, 1887 (South Australian "Hansard,'1 p. 830), the Hon. Mr. West-Erskine moved—"That an humble address be presented from this Council to her Most Gracious Majesty, pray ing her Majesty to cause the question of the disputed boundary of Victoria and South Aus tralia to be remitted to the Privy Council for decision." After discussion the motion was withdrawn on the assurance of the Government that the matter was being pushed on as fast as Sossible, and that carrying the motion might clay its settlement. In the Assembly on October 25, 1887 (South Australian "Han- Sard," p. 1206), " the Hon. J. C. Bray asked the Attorney-General what progress had been madn with reference to the Victorian boun dary dispute and the case to be submitted to the Privy Council, and when it would be brought under the notice of Parliament? The Attorney-General (Hon. C. C. Kingston)—l tannot exactly say, but I think it is of Such a, character that in the course of a. few days we will be able to submit to Parliament an agreement with reference to this long - standing matter." In the Assembly on November 1, 1887 (South Australian "Hansard," p. 1,301), the At torney-General (Hon. C. C. Kingston) moved ■ —■" That this House approves of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the matter of the disputed boundary between the colony of Victoria and the province of South Australia." After debate the motion was carried on November 2, 1887. On November 10, 1887, the Legislative Council (" Hansard," p. 1,403 carried a similar motion, moved by the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Ramsay). In the Council on November 23,1887, the Chief Secre tary ("Hansard," p. 1,634) said Victoria bad not yet done anything further. On August 3, 18S7, in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria (Victorian "Ha.nKa.rH/1 jpage 656), "Mr. Duffy enquired of the Premier when he would be able to lay before the House the draft agreement between Vic toria and South Australia relating to the dis united territory on the ■ boundary between the two colonies? He had noticed a statement in the public press to the effect that the draft agreement had passed through all its pre liminary stages and was awaiting signature. lie was anxious that that draft agreement should be laid before the House in accordance with an undertaking already given by the Government, especially as he was desirous that fc clause should be added to enable Victoria, in the event of the decision of the Privy Council going against it, to pay South Australia In money instead of losing any territory. Mr. Gillies said the proposed agreement had been under consideration some tune and had passed backwards and forwards between the / fWb colonies. As yet absolute accord had not Tjeen arrived at. for the last few months the agreement had been in the hands of the South 1 Australian Government. He hoped that the terms of submission would soon De settled so that the Government might be in a position to submit those terms for the approval of Parlia ment. (Mr. Duffy—" In the meantime Pariiamentwillnotbe bound?') Certainly not." On November 8,1587, in the Legislative Coun cil of Victoria (Victorian " Hansard" for 1887, p. L 969), " the Hon. W. A. Zeal asked the Minister of Justice when the test of the re ference embodying the case of this colony with regard to the disputed boundary between Vic toria and South Australia to be submitted to the arbitrament of the Lords Justices of the Privy Council would be laid before Parlia mentand whether the Government would afford the Council an' opportunity of discussing the details of the proposed reference and express ing an opinion thereon. The Hon. H. Cuthbert replied that the text of the reference was in print and the document would be laid on the table next week. He would be happy to afford Mr. Zeal or any other hon. member an early opportunity of bringing the sub ject before the notice of the Chamber." On November 10, 1887, in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria ("Hansard," 1887, p. 2,032), Mr. Shiels asked the Premier when it was likely that the draft agreement between Victoria and South Australia relative to the disputed territory on the boundary between the two colonies would be circulated, and whether due notice would be given to hon. members of the time when they would be asked to consider it? The matter was of great importance, because if the decision of the Pnvy Council were to go against Victoria this colony would lose a valuable strip of tenitory and also a great number of colonists who could ill be spared. Mr. Gillies said the draft agreement would be circulated on Tuesday, and then he would be able to intimate when he proposed to invite the House to take it into consideration." On December 13, 1887 (Victorian " Hansard," 1887, page 2,597), on the order of the day for the third reading of the Appropriation Bill, Mi. Bent asked the Premier if he intended to proceed with the Appropriation .Bill before asking the House to deal with the following motion of 'which the hon. gentleman had given notice, and which appeared on the notice - paper: — "That this House approves of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the matter of the disputed boundary between the colony of Victoria and the province of South Australia." The statement of the case in regard to the disputed boundary consisted of 16 pages of printed matter. Time should be given for its fair consideration. Ilr. Shiels observed " that he had come a con- Biderable distance to take part in the debate on the motion, which involved a most serious question. The motion should not be brought on except on full notice and in a full House. Certainly it ought not to be brought on at an hour when the House was exhausted. He might mention that in 1873 the then Premier (Mr. Francis) distinctly told tile South Australian Government that be would be no party to any arbitra tion or reference to the Privy Council, which would involve the taking away of territory that had always been Victorian, and on which persons had settled in the faith that they would be under Victorian laws. Mr. Shiels said he simply wanted an assurance from the Premier that this most grave and momentous question would be determined only when the House was fully seized of all the issues in volved. Mr. Gillies intimated that he was willing to give the assurance. On October 9, 1888, in the Victorian Legislative Assembly (Victorian "Hansard,". 1888, p. 1,429), Mr. Langdon asked the Minister of Lands if he would lay on the table of the House a copy of all reports, correspondence, and other docu ments relating to the boundary fence now being- erected between South Australia and this colony? Mr. Dow promised that the documents would be placed on the table. On November 8, 1888, in the Legislative As sembly of Victoria (Victorian " Hansard" for 1888, p. 1855), Mr. Langdon asked the Minister of Lands whether he would lay on the table the reports which had been received relating to the boundary fence between Victoria and South Australia.? Mr. Dow replied that he would be happy to do so. On December 20, 1888 (Victorian " Hansard," 1888, p. 2,687), Mr. Gillies moved—"That this House ap proves of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the matter of the disputed boun dary between the colony of Victoria and the Province of South Australia. In 1869, when Mr. MacPherson was Chief Secretary of this colony, the South Australian Government drew attention to the fact that it had been discovered that an error was made in the original survey, and asked that another survey should be carried out by two officers, one to be appointed by Victoria and the other by South Australia, so that the boundary-line might be determined more accurately. Mr. MacPherson agreed to Bend an officer, but nothing further was done at the time and no officer was sent. After a great deal of consideration it was thought by the Victorian Government that with the view of retaining the amicable and friendly feeling existing between the colonies, and as South Australia, although she con tended she had legal rights, was yet prepared to submit the whole question to the Privy Council on the merits, it would be very much better for Victoria to agree to that course. Otherwise possibly an occasion might arise when South Australia desiring to press what she considered legal rights, might attempt to enforce those rights. The result of that would probably be a trial in one of the courts— either of this colony or South Australia— and then the decision given would be appealed against to the Privy Council, and the Privy Council would be called upon to deal not with the broad and general merits of the question, but simply with the purely tech nical and legal question as to whether the boundary-line fixed many years ago was abso lutely the boundary determined by the Imperial Act. The Government thought, with the object of retaining amicable relations, that the question was altogetherltoo small for this colony to fight from that point of view. At the same time we felt that South Australia, having such a very large territory, might very well have afforded to adhere to the boundary which had been settled for such a length of time. How ever, aa the South Australian Government have not taken that view it has been felt by tie Government of this colony that in a case of this kind, where there is honestly a dispute between two colonies, it is much the best course to appeal to a body whose decision will be final, and to appeal on the broad merits of the question. The terms of the reference to the Pnvy Council were not altogether settled, although nearly settled, before Mr. Service left office. Subsequently the South Australian Government pressed for the matter being dealt with, and the whole question was reconsidered by the present Attorney-General, and the terms of the sub mission have been fixed and settled. I believe I may say that, on the whole, the case lias been stated very fairly, and I think we may fairly leave the question to be settled on the broad ground of it? merits by her Majesty in Council. I believe lb*t is a much preferable course to allowing the question to stand over, and a core to be created, possibly with the result of the matter getting into the courts, and there being an ultimate appeal to the Privy Council, on the purely legal aspect of the case. I have no hesitation in personally expressing my opinion, after the most careful considera tion, that this colony has all the merits on its side, and that on the broad substantial merits of the case South Australia has no = position to stand on at aIL If it were possible, I would, for my part, be perfectly willing to abide by any ordinary sirbitration on the broad merits of the question without going any further. In the event of the Privy Council deciding in favor of South Australia, that colony is bound to give all the people in that territory then: titles with out any doubt or dispute. South Australia cannot come upon Victoria for a single farth ing which this colony has obtained from tb« disposal of any portion of the land, and South Australia is bound to give every one his rights in the same way as 2 the land continued to be possessed by Victoria, so that no new question no difficulty can arise from the decision of the matter. It really seeme to me that South Australia simply desires to have the matter finally determined one way or the other —that if the Privy Council considers that this land belongs to South Australia it onght to have it, but that, on the other hand, if the Privy Council says that under all the circum stances South Australia is bound to abide by a line that was fixed and agreed to by the Governors of the two colonies, then there will be an end of the dispute." Mr. Duffy on the same occasion said —"Mr. Speaker, if this were the last opjjortunity I would have of addressing the House —as it may be —I would use it in entering my protest against the proposition which the Government have put before us to-night. As a represen tative of the people I will never give in my adhesion to any plan which would lose an acre of our territory or a citizen from our com munity. That is what the Government pro pose, because although the Premier may tell us that we have all the rights and equities on our side I tell him that any person who goes to law is only safe by assuming at the outset that he is sure to lose his case. Instead of this proposition for appealing to the Privy Council there are two other courses which the Government might have asked this House to adopt, either of which, I take it, would have been more satisfactory to the House and the country than the proposal before us. In the first place, as the two colonies are on such friendly terms, why could they not have agreed to appeal to the Imperial Parliament instead of to the Privy Council, not for an enquiry into and arbitration on the facts of the case, which are well understood and admitted on both sides, but to pass a Validating Act which would give Victoria the boundary which it at present possesses—and to which the Premier says we are entitled in law and equity—and to do that on any equit able terms the Imperial Parliament might think fit to impose ? That would be a fair pro position, and it is the only proposition to which I, for one, would be willing to consent. Mr. Tucker—What about the feelings of South Australia J Mr. Gillies —What does he care about their feelings? Mr. Duffy—l confess I care very little about their feelings in com parison with the feelings of the people of this colony. As the Premier put it himself, if the positions were reversed and Victoria had the larger territory it would never have been so paltry and Email-minded as to insist on this miserable strip only 136 chains wide. Never theless, as I have said, I do not wish to wrong South Australia in any shape or form, and if it should be decided that 6he has any right to this land, Victoria is wealthy enough and liberal-minded enough to pay her for those rights in money. I am quite willing that South Australia should be paid any fair com pensation to which she may be entitled, but what lobject to is that we should part with an acre of our already too circumscribed territory, or, which is still more important, give away one of our citizens without that citizen having been consulted. I consider that the Premier deals with the inhabitants of this disputed territory even in a more arbitrary manner than Bismarck dealt with Alsace and Lorraine, In almost every country of Europe, whenever a partition of this sort is undertaken, some pretence at all events is made of consulting the feelings of the inhabitants or their representatives. If the Premier will do his duty by the country there will be no necessity for a determination, because there is not a shadow of doubt that South Australia does not want the land and will be glad to give up whatever rights it may have for a small sum of money—a sum that we are very well able "to pay." All through the debate there ran the arrogant assumption that Victoria was an immensely wealthy country, to whom the matter of £4,000,000 was nothing, and that South Aus tralia, was some cringing beggar who had only tramped up a case for the sake of getting money. Sir. Duffy went on to say;—'"The Premier, in the course of bis address, alluded not once but twenty times to the broad merits of the case, as apart from legal technicalities — that we are going to the Imperial authorities to have the question determined on its merits. But where, in the agreement for reference, does that occur? I don't see anything of it. As far as I can judge, looking at the matter from a reasonable point of view, the Privy Council will be bound to determine the legal aspect of the question, they will have to decide legally where the boundary of South Australia and Victoria, now is. The Privy Council will undoubtedly say what the law is. Whatever the merits may be, the question with the Privy Council will be one of dry law, and will be settled accordingly. I notice that the only shred of legality that is attempted to bo put forward is a rather thin legal quibble. According to the Premier the eastern boundary of South Australia was originaliv fixed as the 141 st meridian of longitude. When Victoria was constituted a separate colony the descrip tion of boundaries did not set forth in so many Twords that the western boundary was the 141 st meridian of longitude, but it stated that the western boundary of Victoria was the eastern boundary of South Australia, and it is contended that because the boundary was then fixed on the ground that must be the boundary referred J to in the Act of Parliament, which was subse- j quently passed as the 141 st meridian. I take it that on this very thin legal quibble that thy whole of the legality contended for in the re mission on the part of Victoria rests. As the Premier has told us, the question, a<ier slumbering from 1847, cropped up in 18G9. The then Premier (Mr. MacPherson) was * got at'j by the Government of South Australia. He agreed at their suggestion to eend a sur veyor to determine where the 141 st meridian was, but as soon as he had an opportunity of looking into the matter under the advice of responsible officers he at once backed out of it If he could not avoid going- to arbitration— though I see no reason why he should go to arbitration —why could he not have inserted in the submission a clause to the effect that under no circumstances should our territory be taken from us. As a representative of the people who live in the disputed territory, I may tell him that those people entertain strong feelings on the subject, ana that they don't believe in the idea of ceasing to be citizens of Victoria. and being taken into South Australia. I very much regret that 17 or 18 members of this House-are asleep while this important question is being discussed. A large amount of settle ment ihas taken place on the border, and a. handsome railway-station has been built there. There is no use in talking of this matter; as one of sentiment on the part of the South Australian people; the fact is, i that they want our railway-station." In the Legislative Council on September IS, 1888 (South Australian "Hansard," p. 1014), "the Hon. W. A. E. West-Erskine asked— What steps have been taken to secure the settlement of the boundary dispute between this colony and Victoria? The Chief Secre tary (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) said that when he was hist in Melbourne the Premier of Victoria stated that as soon as the Estimates had been disposed of the Bill agreed to by the Govern ments of both colonies for the settlement of the question would be brought forward, and he would press it on so that it could be passed during the year." In the Legislative Council on November 22. 1888 (South Australian "Hansard," p. 1840), the Chief Secretary stated that recently a letter had been sent "to the Premier of Victoria urging upon him the necessity of at once taking the necessary steps to have the disputed boundary question settled. In the Legislative Council, Victoria, on October 30, 1889 {Victorian "Hansard," p. 2094), "the Hon. Wj. A. Zeal enquired of the Minister of Justice if the Government would lay on the table of the House the papers comprised in the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the matters in dispute between the South Australian and Victorian Governments' respecting the boundary-line between the two! colonies, and whether such papers would be; available at least one week before the question came on for consideration? The Hon. H. Cuthbert stated that the papers referred to had been laid on the table of the House and printed. The hon. member would find them among the papers for the year 1887. (Mr. Zeal —Is there no new matter ?) No." In the South Australian Assembly on August 14, 1889 ("Hansard," p. 576), the Chief Secre tary (Dr. Coekburn) stated " the Government propose again to urge the Government of Vic toria to submit the question for decision by the Privy Council;" and in the Council (South Australian "Hansard," p. 605) on August 15, 1889, the Minister of Education made a state ment in almost the same words. On August 29,188!) (South Australian "Hansard," p.! 750), " the Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Coekburn), in reply to Mr. Basedow, said he was urging the Victorian Government to submit the question of the disputed boundary to the Privy Council. The matter now rested with Victoria. (Mr. Kingston—Keep at them.) In reply to Mr. Kingston the Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Cock burn) said ho was aware that the Premier of Victoria had promised that the border question should be submitted to Parliament this session, but he had no explanation as to why this was not done." In the Assembly on Octolior 10, 1889 (South Australian "Hansard," p. 1195), "Mr. Kingston asked if the Premier had anything fresh to report with reference to the progress of the negotiations with Vie tona with regard to the disputed boundary? The Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Coekburn) said he had nothing to report except that he had telegraphed the Premier of Victoria two or three weeks ago, and lie assured bim that he w" 0™? bring the maiter before the Parliament of Victoria before the present session closed." In the Legislative Council 011 November 12, ISS9 (South Australian " Hansard," p. I,4!JS), the Minister of Education said he did not know the position the affair had got into. In the Legislative Council on November 14, ISBS (South Australian "Hansard,"1 page 1,504) "the Hon. W. A. E. West-Erskine asked—ls it the intention of the Government to take inde pendent action re disputed boundary question, and to submit a case for the determination of her Majesty's Privy Council if the Govern ment of Victoria neglects to fulfil their pro mise this session to join the South Australian Government in so doing- f The Minister of Education (Hon J. H. Gordon) replied—" The Government do not contemplate any neglect on the part of the Government of Victoria to fulfil their promise. He might inform the hon. member that a telegram was pent that morning to the Premier of Victoria urging- that the matter should Ik brought before the Victorian Parliament as soon as possible." On Xovenilier IU, I*9, in the Legislative Council (JSouth AustralLin "Hansard," p. 15'J3) the Minister of Educa tion stated that the Government had tele graphed to the Victorian Premier that tiiL-y relied upon his promise that the boundary question should be settled during their th«n present Parliament. On November 27, ]88U, in the Assembly (South Australian "Han sard," p. 1724), "Mr. Johnson asked—What steps do the Government propose to take with respect to the disputed boundary between South Australia and Victoria? The Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Coekburn) replied—The matter is now under consideration. He might add that he proposed to have a conference with Victorian Ministers on the subject." In the Assembly on .Tune 17, IS9O, in reply to Mr. Ash the Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Coek burn) said (" Hansard,1' p. 99), " the Govern ment had obtained a renewal of the promise of the Government of Victoria to make another effort early this session to obtain the sanction of their House of Assembly to refer the matter of the disputed boundary to the Privy Council." On July 30, 1890 ("Hansard," p. 649), this information was rej>eat<>d, and the Government promised to again communicate with Victoria on the subject. On Augiift 13, 1890, in reply to Mr. Asli, the Chief Secretary ("Hansard," p. 827) said that on August fi the Victorian Government had ljeen reminded by letter of their promise to bring the metier forward at the beginning of that session. On 29th October, 1890 ("Hansard," p. 1775), "Mr. Grainger asked the Chief Secretary whether he would enquire if it were true that the Victorian Government wore parting with land on the disputed territory to storekeepers and others. The Chief Secretary (Sir J. C. Bray) understood that there was an agreement that the Victorian Government would not sel) any land on the disputed territory, and they would only lease land until a definite decision was arrived at by the Privy Council in refe rence to the dispute. If "the hon. memlx;r would give him particulars of any case of the nature to which lie had referred," the Govern ment would communicate with the Victorian Government on the matter. To Mr. Ash— Since the matter was last referred to in the House nothing definite had been done with regard to the disputed territory. The Victorian Government promised to brine before the Parliament of tliat colony the special case prepared for the Privy Council, :ind th<: Government would communicate with th« Vic torian Government to see if the matter could not be definitely settled. Mr. Ash asked whether the Chief Secretary was aware that during the last session of theVietoriau Parlia ment a similar promise was given, and an attempt was made to keep it by bringing the matter forward on the last day of the session, when the proposal was reject" si. In view of that fact would the Government endeavor to get the Victorian Government to agree to do something, and failing some agreement, would they pu>h the matter on by issuing *onie sort of licenses on the disputed territory ?" SirJ. C. Brajr said it would be desirable to remind the Victorian Government of their promise, and to ask them to get the matter settled this session."' On November 111, IWW, in reply to questions, the Treasurer (Mr. Play ford) said ("Hansard," p. 2050) the Govern ment would again communicate with Victoria on the matter. On June 16, 1891 ("Hansard," p. 90) Mr. Ash asked "what had been done in pursuance of the promises piven on Novemiter 1«, ltfW, and October 29,18 iK?, to the effect that the Government would at an early date eoni niunicate with the Victorian Government with the intention of settling the ownership of th disputed territory ; and wliat did the Govern ment intend to do in order to obtain a decision on the question of ownership? The Chief Secretary (Sir J. C. Bray) said the Government had commiuiicated with\ ictoimon the subject. On May 22 hist the Prime Minister of Victoria wrote that he had no reason to believe that tin- Assembly there would reverse the decision arrived at in 18S9, when a majority dcr-lined to refer the matter to the Privy Council. The Go vernment of Victoria had l?-en requested to re consider the question with a view to settle tin matter amicably. A letter had ljeeu received, dated June 12, IS)], in which the Prime Minis ter regretted that he could not iuiitroduu> the question. The Government had not 3~et decided what further action to take" On Juiy 1, 1891, in reply to Mr. Kingston, the Treasurer (Hon. 1". Playfurd), said ("Hansard," p. 24-1) the Government had "lately received a reply from tlie l'riniu Minister of Victoria declining to ask the Parliament to subniit a case for the decision i>f the Privy Council- Tin.* Government lia<t not yet decided what further actiun should hv taken." He wondered if the Treasurer remem bered now what he said then. Ou NoieinU-r 38, 18'IL, Mr. Kingston asked ("Hansard," p. 2048) " what the present position was with Vic toria on the disputed boundary qu<wtion. The Treasurer (Hon. T. Playford) said the pre sent Victorian Government refusid to bring the matter under the attention of the Legisla ture in that colony. The Government were not going to let the matter rest, but it was a serious question and one which might involve important consequences. Tlie Government were now considering what course to recom mend the House to adopt. The best way seemed to him to have the 'question settl<-d on some point of contraband goods."' On 24th August, 18S2 (" Hansard," p. GUO), the Hon. C. C. Kingston asked whether the Trea surer could inform the House what was the position of affairs in regard to the question of the disputed boundary. The Treasurer, Mr. Holder, replied that he believed it was in the same position an it had been for jtars, but said he would look into the matter; and on 30th August, 1592 (" Hansard," p. 745), Mr. Kingston again mentioned the matter, and tho Treasurer said the Government were consider ing Dr. Maddcn's report, but tliat nothing had been done. If Sir J. \V. Downer had re mained in office it might have been wrong for him to have moved in the matter, but from his experience of the last three years he knew Ministries could not always rely on the con tinuity of their official rjosition, so he hoped Sir John would pardon him for moving wliat he might have liked to have moved himself. On Ist November, 1892 (" Hansard," p. 1423), Sir E. T. Smith asked "Is it the inten tion of the Government to take any action with reference to the disputed boundary question, and if so, what?"' The Chief Secretary (Sir John Downer) replitid —"The Government intend to appeal one« more to the Victorian Government to carry out their promise to submit the question to the Privy Council, and in the event of their refusal will consider the advisability of pro ceeding against the Victorian Customs officers for seizing goods for nonpayment of duty on the disputed territory. The last course is recommended as the opinion of Dr. Madden, of Victoria, obtained by the late Government." On November 15, 1892 (" Hansard," p. 1C07), in reply to Mr. Handyside, the Chief Secre tary said—" He had not received a reply from I Victoria as to the opinion of Dr. Madden with reference to the disputed boundary ques tion. If the reply was not satisfae-l tory he would look into the matter."! On November 22, 1892, in reply to Mr. Cald well, the Chief Secretary said (" Hansard,"' p. 1G99) he had written to the Premier of Vic toria calling his attention to the whole of the correspondence on this matter, and asking him to keep the promise which Jiail been made to refer it to the Privy Council. On December <;, 1892, the lion. Mr. Kingston asked for further information on the subject, and the Chief Secretary (SirJ. W. Downer) replied ("Han sard, p. 1926) that the Victorian Goveraniest had replied to his letter, and liad said "That they would meet South Australia in consulting cur convenience as far as possible. On the question of the disputed boundary the Vic torian authorities said that they must be allowed a little more time to make theirformal reply." On December 17, 1892, in reply to Mr. Kingston, the Chief Secretary ("Han sard," p. 2279) said nothing fresh had hap pened, and he promised that during re cess he woula do all he could to bring the matter to a settlement. Ac cording to the Victorian " Hansard," 1892, page 3299, on December 7, 1892, Mr. Baker asked the Premier: —L If it is his intention to treat the disputed area of land on the Vic torian and South Australian border as Vic torian territory? 2. If not, is it his intention to take action with a view to having the ques tion bo long in depute settled ; and, if so, what steps does he intend to take ? 3. AVill the Government take immediate steps to give residents of the disputed territory a more satis factory tenure of their holdings pending a settlement of the question? Mr. G. Turner (in the absence of Mr. Slik-ls) said that certain communications were passing between the two colonies with regard to this matter, but the correspondence was not yet completed. Honor able memliers mii^ht rest assured that the Government would not do .anything that would give away any of the rights of the colony. In the South Australia Asseinblv, on June 27, 1893 (South Australia "Hansard," p. 91), in reply to Mr. Ash, the Treasurer said—" The last communication received from the Govern ment of Victoria was a telegram on the 14th June as follows: —' Kcgret that owing to pre parations for opening of session, snd state of financial mattersclainiingrourattnitiraj, it is not possible at the present juncture to enter upon the consideration of the matters rcf*-m*i to in your teiegi-am.—l>. OXoghlen. for Premier.'" This bronslit him to the official papers laid on the table that day. TLe papers the Attorney-General had laid on the table contained 72 letters and telejrranis, most of which would not ne>-d reference at aIL The first datt^ wa.s April 10, ISS3, when a l<tU-r was written by Sir .F. C. Uray to the Chief Recretarj- of Victoria, which contained the following:—"This Government urge the im portance of having the question definitely settled, and I have therefore to request that you will reconsider the proposal to submit the case to the Priyy Council. In tiie event, how ever, of your Government declining to do so this Government propose to forward through his Excellency the Governor of this colony to the Right Honorable the Secretary of State a copy of the correspondence! now enclosed, to gether with a copy of this letter and your reply thereto, and to respectfully request him to consider the whole question, and to indicate how, in his opinion, the matter may l*-st be definitely settled to avoid future complication." On April 27, IJ-S3,SirGrahani Uerry replied stating :—" As tlw? nmtt^r has already1 uw-n exhaustively considered, and as you are fully seized of the views of this Government in regard to the strip of country in dispute, I fail to see any nece&sity; for re opening this particular question. I desire, Jiowever, to re|)eat that as pn:viously inti mated this colony is willing and anxious to submit a case to the. Privy Council for a g'-ne ral rectification of the I Kunidavies of the colo nies of New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria; but in view of the fact that the area of this, the smallest in extent of any of the colonies on the Australian continent, is already unduly restricted in a northerly direc tion, this Government cannot give their concurrent** to a, proposal that miprht re sult in a further diminution of her territory." On October 14, IK<4, Mr. .Tohn Colton, the then Premier, wrote as follows to thf? Victorian Premier:—'The question of the federation of the Australian colonies, in which you have taken euch a prominent part, has, as you arc aware, my wannest sympathy. The "matter has of late naturally .-iigapoo" my parti.iilnr attention, as well as that of my col'leainii s, and we arK forced to th" conclusion that th>- can.-. we have all so mu-jh at heart would 1 v inobt ni2.t*-riajiy advanced by the removal *?f ail tin ntcessary sources of friciiou ljetwtvu thf colonies. 1 therefore mate no further israw for inviting your attention to the question of settling the di!Terenc« which exists betw«-.n Victoria and South Australia as regards the local situation of the. line ljunndary ljetw.-cii the tv.o denies. I cannot t'-e that th^re is room for two opiniun.s :us to t:ie pripil.-ty, at the earliest pobsiltlo dat.-, of putting ;me:iil to the uncertainty which at pr. wM exists on the subject, and which has giv.n rl->- fi inciiii v.-ni.n.je in the I>att, and n:ay 1?- liro ductivc of ni(«it undi-siraMo" conij'litn tions in the future. South Australia lias no desin^ to claim anything to wiiif-ii she Ls not lawfully entitliiX ntith'T <i>> I bi;lieve thsit your Governraeiit have any tueii wish. Still, a-s the matter stands jir.-«<-i:t. as regards what is jvipul-irly known as th-1 dis puted territory, neith.-r «vtl.".ny <-:i!i d>-.-\\! with it to any _advaiitag*>—Victoria, .is it apjx ir> to mi.-, \k\i\£ j.r.-v.uted by wa?it <;f titl.-, ami South Australia by Victorian occupation. My Gov.-rnaient will be prcp;imi to ciraft thf neci^sarv case, to be submitted for vuar p-rusal. and I shi>!l imlr-.^ Ivr- tn h.r.r that your Government are pn pan^i to a--sist in thi' way I liave indicat<-<l, or in any nthi-rnio-:- which we may mutually ?pr>-.. ti'pun. fi.r tli< purpose <>f Kii.ical.ly. jn-i-m.-m.-ntly, anil il.ii nitely wttling the right.-, of tlw two iii the matter to which 1 have mvii.-d youratt. n tion." On Octol«-r 27, I^l, Ur. .1.-i:!:.■> S-r\ i- .• if plied as follows—"I hnv. t'w honor to acKnowK-dp- tlie re^vipt «.f v..ur lcHer oi th" 1-Jth liisfcint resp-ctini.' tli.- <ji;.-s-i.in <n' wttlinn iitoftlierxnuitlarylin. Ik-iw. , nVit-turi:; and tviutli Australia, -md o.inf. >ri::. \\. uin it; >iv. thattliesubject will ir«-ivi-farly.-..:?-.iil.-ration"'' llen.-.\t came to th.< following t.-1.-rr.n: froi.-i thePri-mier of Victoria (Mr. S-rvj.-!-) t.. t'i- Pn-mi<-r. South Australia, <iat.<l ,lim.-*i INST>:—"Tho v.rl.nl amingeiji.-ut wl,i.-ii Mr. Colton made with me was to th.- clfcet thai a case for the Privy Conn, il was to i«- drawn n]t by (hi South Au.-traliauG'ivi-niiii. l.t, t'i us and laid lnfoii- ..ur Parliatii- Jit ].r:oi-! . its lieing 5..-nt to tin; Privy CViim- ii.'' «?n I'Vbruary 12, lS^j, Mr. Sen ice v.rot.- again, and in 'his litt.-r rtated :-** paragraph 4 i contrary to the verfial arrangement mane by m> with the l!un. Mr. <"..:ton. In arriiiitii^tlii.-. mntter withhim 1 l^i.i down iw<>disti:u-i i^>n ditious—lst, tlLit the ?-:.-<> for ri-ft-r. :-.i.'to th. Privy Council would hav<: to lj,- Miinuitt.-d t-. our Parliament: and "jul, that if th- <!• r-;.i..n of the Privy Council w.-..s a-h.-n-.-to Vi.-r.-r:. she sliould lif.t In* askivl tv a'-ri.nr.i for :u:i moneys n-ci-ivid by h.-r in the jkl-u In a;.\ petition wliiih n::iv Ik. a. 1.-.-.1 ..n I v.oi;!ii il.-sir.- that th- m.-m.ra?liim ..n tli^ mil/.^-t. preparediiudiT <lat<\- July iTi, 1^74, nud s-gjiwi tiy th- Hon. .1. .1. r : .:..y. -,h., w;1! , ,1,..,. Minister of Lands in thin i- ilouy, nho::!.l f..n, atiwrliosi <>f or an ai.p"nil:x to r-.ii in ;i tion, as it H-ts firth luliy ::ml <■'... rl%" tlw whole matt.-r. A c->>py ..f t!i:.- in.-i!-..>i:i'inliii:i was forwards! to yuur Gov. i;ii]n-ut •>> I«-t:«— fn?m the oJh'ce of th- < iii- I S t -r.-i:.:-v ,;.„. i .luly -J7. 1-74. 1 am, h'-.v. v.r. i::i In;. «'i to ~: - g.st that it w.rtild t.-r.d t.. fa..-ili!..i.- th.- ..illy uiiiisatisfai- iorydi-t.Tniiii.-itii.n o: •.!..- i!.-,;; lf a" casvof t!u-d:si.ut- Im?.-.-ii N. v.-S.'.ii'th'wai'.', and Victoria with r.i^r.l lo P.r.tal 1.-lan.l i-1 lowed in th- pr-s. ut ii!-t..n>-... nam.-lv. tin- «p -ix.intm.-3il by .-ai-li of the .-..1.f.ii. > intJ r.-t.-l .f a Coniniis.-iitiii.-r, by \vl.. in jointly tin-ta~. to lx- submilliil to tiie I'nvy C.miu-il niii;>i: 1« -prepared for tii- <-o:i.-i.1.-ration .-f tin- r>~j--.- tivcGon-nimeir^ ; and it this view i> aii.']it--<: by you iirobably th- first st.-p should l?- Jo submit a iv.-o]ution to our n.-|i.i-tii<. !'.irli:i m.-ntstothe «-tf«-t .-- Ist. That it i> «!.->iral?i that tlie question in <iisi>ut- r.-lati\>. to th. boundary lin>- should l«-fcf.-n-c>l f.-r :h- <'.- ri siomif the i'rixy Ciuneil. l'iiJ. Thi.t :i«'.ti. niissitiner from <ai-)i i-onmy U- aj.j?.ii;;. •': to draw up a cast- and <li-.il of siil.!ins>i- -n On April IS. INMri, .1. \V. Jl,-tti:-|-, t!:- Chief Sei-retary, VT<>tf to the Pnniitv of \n- toria.'and an"ion;.-st oth.-r tilings st;ifi d "it ajipears to me that «.n tii.'lines suhmitt.-i! i>v me there will not 1?- n:uc!i diffitultv in f.i.iiujr to :in agnvun-nt on the case and 1 tr.:st you will r-turn the draft with mi.-Ii alteration^ a~ you t-onsidi-r .-xpcdiint, ami when airrmi. Tiring the matter Jnfun- your l'arli.-in-..-nt as early as pfissihle. 1 trust to your p.Kni ortii-. s to bring this Jor4r-.lt-J.ated qutiiion to an *-.->rly settkin.nt, and prevent any further continu ance than |Kis.-ibi- ..f th« inumvciii.-uce fus tainul by tin- residents 011 th>' t.-rriiovv in dispute through this matt.-r bi>i:ijj iv a stare of uncertainn."' On July X,, lssr., Mr. GilbVs replied" I>y 1-tter, in'which In- !---ii<! :— "Resuming the cnrrosijondenct* with n fi-rmce to the boundary-line lietween the t^.loiii.-s. 1 must express my regret that oonsiderable <ic:av has taken pUwt-, <iwinif partly to the pn-ssuiv of public busmen anif partly to the necessity of submitting the whole of the |iapers x*i mv rttlleague, theHonoratile the:Attoru.'y-Gi-nerai, who must n*-e."-*-:sari!y Ite lar^elv ivsporssiM- for determining the way in which" the case should lie submitted. To a large extent lie has n-tvu-t the case, and I venture to think simplified it in such a way as 1 hop" will meet with your approval I forward herewith a copy of a memorandum which the Attorney-General has sent me in tlie way of explanation."' In that memorandum the follow ing clauses appeared:— "It hasl*en further agreed bi-tween the re s]?.-c:tive Governments of thu said province and colony that whatever may !? the decision of her Majesty in Council in ivf.-r.-nce to the common boundary lietween them that all necresary steps shall be taken to validate an.l confirm the titles of the purchaser, lessee, and licensee, and their assigns, who may hold under grant, lease, «r Jieercw- from the colony of Victoria any land w-ithin the disputed area, and that the colony of Victoria .shall not be re quired to account for any moneys received by the said colony for land sold by such Govern ment, or for any rents or license fees received in respect of any land within the said disputed area of territory; and 1. That they jointly and severally submit to the decision of her Majesty in her Privy Council the several matters in difference bctwoen the said province and colony in reference to the common lxnindary between them."' That in case her Majesty in hex Privy Council shall determine that the said line as survey<-d and laid down by tlie said Henry Wade in 1847, and continu..-d to the Murray in lM'.t, shall not bo accepted as the boundarj- «f tlie said province and colony respectively, that then the respective Governments of South Australia and Victoria will each appoint a surveyor to act with the surveyorof the other of them, who together shall ascertain and mark in the ground the exact position of the bouudary-line which shall be determined by her Majesty in her J'rivy Council to be projx-r boundary between the said province aud colony, jind the said surveyors shall deseril? th"« boundary so ascertained and Inid clown." Paragraph 7 was as follows:—" Tliat the said province of South Australia and the said colony of Victoria sliall unite in seeking such Imperial legislation, if any, as may be iwfi-ssary to jrive effect to the. judgment of her Majesty in Council ujwm th matters lierr- hy referred for d-termination, and to the te-rms of this agreement between the said high contracting parties." On behalf of Victoria the petition to the. Privy Coiuic-il ended as follows :—" And your ik-titioiie-rs, the Governor and Executive Council of the eolouy of Victoria, cemtend aud humbly submit to the decision of your Majesiv in Council —Tliat the line laid out by the said Henry Wade in 1847, and continued to the River Murray in 1840, and sinoe acted upon as the existing boundary between the said colonies, is now the 'eastern Ixiundary of tin tolonv of South Australia.* referred to in th- Imperial Act, 13 and 14 Vie-t., c. 53, as the limit on tlie west of the colony of Victoria erected by the said Act into a separate colony. And your petitioners, the Governor and Ex ecutive Council of the colony of Victoria, furthe-r humbly submit to the decision of your Majesty in Council that the said lino should) not Ix disturbed or altered after the long un di.smrl.MM3 exercise of territorial jurisdiction over the country on the east of the said line of the colony of Victoria, under which various rights and interests have been created, and a population lieoome settled under the local laws ar.d constitution of the colony of Victoria." Then came several long appendices, which he would not quote. The-ae were followed by the following letter to the Premier of Victoria :— " Chief Se-cretary's Office, Adelaide, January 19, lf-187. Sir—l'notite that a sale is adver tised by the. Victorian Government on Feb ruary- 2 nest of the land alxiut Se-rvicoton. being a portion of the territory r.lxmt which the dispute Ls gliding betwe-eu our colonies, I am siire this action would not have been taken without esonsiiitation v.-itlt this Govern ment iiad your attention lieen «alk^ to the matter, and as it is highly desirable in the in terest of all concerned that nothing should intervene to prevent the dispute lie-ing ad justed I now direct your attention to the action of jour Government, with the certainty that you will inteniose. —I liave, &<-., .Txo. W. Dowser." The reply was as follows:— "I'remierK Oirice, M.-lbounie, February 14, IS.S7. Sir—With reference to your letter of the lMi ultimo. relative to the proposed tale by this Government of certain land n.iar "Servic-ton, l«-ing a por tion of the territory respecting which negotia tions are pending I*'tween Victoria and South Australia, I have the honor to inform you that in order to meet the vi-.-ws of your Government it has now lieen arrang'-d to i>ft"«-r for sale the right to licenses for allotiii.nts of the land in qu.^tion. I enclose i'.rr your information a copy of the Uairttr containing tile official notice e.3e:infr these rights for sale. You -will observe that th.- prop.is.il livnseK are to lie for a term not exceeding M'ven y<ars, and to Ik- suhj.-ct to :t condition that the Governor may, if deemed ii<i?-ssr.ry, resumejKif.~fcsion of thcland without t-nriii«ii.satii'n to the lio-nseeMiiJon giving thre-e months' notic.-.-.—l have, &c;, D. Gilliks, Premier." On May IS, ISS7. Sir.T. C. Bray wrote to the pn-mi'T of Victoria as follows :— "Sir—l have the honor to ac!;nowl.-rjpe the receipt of your letters, dated July 15, 18R)i, and March 28, ISS7, r.f"rrin£ to ilie question of the disputed lioiind.iry 1..-tv.-1-.n Virtoriaaud South Australia, and .-ne-lee-ing draft deed of njjn-^ment and petition to the Privy Council, a.- propped !iy j our Government, and I now beg to return th" draft withci-rtain alterations sug gi-!itedf<iryi«roinsi(ieratic'iu . . Section 28. Instead <>f South AustraliaTva.i-.-ing all claims to th- |mn-!i:i5...i,i,,i!.-y of a!l lauds sold by the (invi-mniwit ,if Victoria it should be allt-^«i that South Australia i« er.tit!<«l to and claims all purchase-in rjieys n-r-cived by Victoria for all Crown !:incis sedd within the area in dis pute; but South Australia will waive all cl.-.iui for im.-resr <m Mi.-ii mon.-ya, and all rents sud uni-u- pr.,t-r~ iii resp. et "of th" Knit, AW are will-r.^ to waiw all <-l:.ims f"r interest. rf-:its, anil m.-r-ne profits, l.<-.:ai;-" we :issuuie that th" nin.iunts r<-c.-iv*-d ;",,r that purpose haw pivl kiWj- Inn «-:.p?:.!« i! on or in cna ii<-ct::m with the said !ai>d and the ordinary «-\j?-nw-si.f it-; govi-r::ui.-n:. A ronditie>u has ;■.'.•*) !?-<n aiM.-,l tli.it ii. itl.<T Gov. mm<-:it s!ai] s.-!l nr liii.-injit to mi! or 1-as-any h-ml v.-irhin the- it.-.-. ::i «lirpu:>'. Inn the Gov.-i-i- Uii'-ia if Victoria n;:.y i-<i:.-, for grazing pur j??-.-s i-nlv. annual •',!■■ n-. .. ren-wai.!.- for 1.-.-y.:--, 4jf .-my ,:t!.-. .!•.■ «-■ m-I-1 j^r'ivn of I 1 ■=•- !-:■.:<! :ue:i, nr.d Me n:.tiL-ij~te *t!iat v..v « ill l:.".ye v.. 01,j...-ri..n t.. ti.i^ J'ajr.- .-?.- 'Hi.. < nntei'.tirjii and h'.iiKi'iisMon of the pu'thi'inon tl:.- jinrt of S.?ut'.i Au-;r?i:? ha- !«•.-u amende,! by ali.-jrin." tV.it Mr. Vad. V line was .rr.. !i.-..iis, iiin.-nni.:h n.< it did not Truiy il.-fiiw i:;«.r. tl:.' -n.uu.i il:.- lllrt iiic-:-i.!:jji, "and tiial'i:" auth.-rity ~rh.-r ili:.:i aa A-t ..f il.? liiip.-r:.il l'arliam<-i:t. or hiiw epr.^-ment ••iit«r.<i int<. under tilt- autlnT.ty •■•:" >-u>-ii :n; A"-*. c.i:1,1 ]>•■-,. :-ii ly :Ut>TfJ:t- Uffi.'i; ry ir ■■' i t!:t- 1 41-t i::. ri <i::-.!',."" «.ln July V 2 \ir. liii!i- wr■■••■ "Tl.. r—ii!t is ji.nt it rt:i!'i <.i th- :ilt< r..:ions :u-.' aliowit! : th.-iiiJii- rj-i!ii~ <I..vfrnm.-nr d.-itT n-■? f.i.jtsM.i\ to aeTj't. 1 i:-.v.- trnnsniit i..-n- with nu. tth<-r copy oi th>- tw«. dia-:::i?'ii:.-, l«-ir iin; on the?r f.v. tiw nh.-r; ■'? '!i>, .-." l'?r as tii-v erin !*• .'.• r-.-i,r«-i. <*::■■ of ri,.- .i;-.i!;.-.v.--? airera". ti.ms i- th-it of ,-L.:.i .. i; of tii.-d.-^. whi.l. «.,i;i.l imv h:.d th- .If.-'. ..f n.-iNin; Vi.-L>.ri:. i::M. '-t.'.k.- t0,,. } j.,5..!:;h Aii:T::!':i. Mr: •' an Mh.r- do-,", i.. r . m- ::•■>> r. .. ,-..,] f.. r tl,. >a!.- i.f hii'l in th« «!i -pi-.t. d territory. This unuM In- fj-.iile «iiii:r:iry i.. ;h<-:::!.!.-r^taniiii!!; ..n lh- ].:>-- of v.1,;. !■ -ill-:.,.-.-■.•ii to tj.'. I'Hky <'.!.•,- .1 v.;,.-. ~.-:...) t... '< in S--... T. mi- r L'l. i.--7. M:. I'!:,-, f. •:>!, .-.- <">.{.■: Se.T.-i?vi. v.r. f •. • t!.- Vi. Jo.-.;,:, 1V.:,,:-r "I am run- >..,■ v.:!! !-• fill t-. i:. ?.- fr..m th. nri.).- it: vt iuiv.. <j.;i]t witi. your ;■::>. inlirn-iit^ that w.- an- <!■ ■!!.<:. of .1..i;,i.-i. r> liiin^- whi-h . a:i 1... fairly :..-•.-.. -1 tor th. j.v. n -~- <■'■ briii-iiic :-!- mt :■. h. :i!.-:r..-nt of ti.>- «,",.■■'.■:! m i~ ■•:<•. 'li.- < liitf |?'jit rai-4 4] i>v y<?i;r ain.-n-iiii. n: is .'i- r-t::.r.l- t1... . ■1.!:... v.i I'ai •>• Vi.-t..r:j. inthi • \\.:h of ri"' <]• .-i-: hi l>-iiicr .-l-'am-t h.-r. I .;-.-<.-.i:: Uy t:. :i.-,? p—.■!?.■! in rt.-ixf-i ■■• th.- .-i,].-:-..-! i. it,:..;.- V" ii-.I jT. 1 K,.~.-.i f.,1 :..!..;.:•■■: :!i il.-.:: • ..;' .i pru.it-r.-f-'i n." of a •.<rv .-j«-i i.il i-ii.ii;:.-:..;n--. i...v:-!\\. t!;nt t'n .i:>;..-ii;...n ?f ih.- !.:■.-■..■.> .-!....:!.! n!.;d.-ih n-ii!t of t!:.- i■:,-■. :•!■! tl.:iT :i!t. r t!;- i«:r.-. -in-!il. asi'l ]>• i.«i. I.::1- .i. .:■:.!! <A tin <■:.■.•. l!,:'.t ii" ;.;i-ii::.; -i...-.M i..- !i.:ji- t'-:i!i< ::at an> ••: tl..- !'..:i.i ,v ■;'.. 1:..n. T-. t1,,-. ;r:::v >rv^■; :1: ,■'.:.!!::;.. t;.- M 1. I ]~i:-: r." ii«l i-v.n >l:;v 1.1. !•>■:.. •_'. I'-v ~;..■..- : -!l ,-l.:\, u to r.-:-..:n Vi,-i.. r ;.« fr. 1:1 .: :.!.;..' vi:ii i:,,- t. r r.-or;. p.:..i.ri' ;!.■■ •<■ -i-:- ;: .■« lh- T-tit:. n. To ~-,t i: >:>..,::;-..,. i,,.-t,. ; ,.: ? ...,....!,. ,h -:-. •:•,..:! >..:;rl,t t.v \'l. -.o:-^:.- i- t -..r.1s 1,. r I-..i!.ii;ty f..ri>r.--. .^r?.-i: r .-..iy r--,v-.i. . . . I iii.- T t".:Lt tl-.' maiiTi- i i:i v.!-...-ii?i- jin«j>"? -10 in. . : -. i ■:'■ ..'. ;■-.-:.■■!.- m;:! I-!:..'.!.- y.n: I"mv \\.-,-r v.:.- to ; ..;; -... : - r 1..-/. !..-...:r.- I- .!. ;d :.t '•■■..-.■ uit!, «!:-, ■.!.■-::,,ii. R.i, 1 \\.- \\- f-L-k ! i!?i...l to 1- .... iiKoni.. i, :..- it w..-.ii,| U- i,o ■:::M pl.-a--.ir.- t .1- .'.-■!.- t-. r. ''..--t th:i: v... '. n.- :.-s.--.-.I ii, t:.- .-.-!:,(,;■ ti..:i o! B-.::i.-ab!.. :..iT.i!i..'.i:-..i.: for tie r. ::...v:il of ? «Pv .( i:o ii.-on:!.:. :-ai.;- tr..:u!.. .■,.,! ir.-0,.-:ii..n.-.- 1V -:.. tl:«- «-,.:.. ii:.-< .-! Viet.-Ha a:vi S>-.itii A-.i-;...':.^ - f ii.-i-..-. X,;, T. ri.-.m.M ."" tin «i..;..1<r •_•"_', ls>7, Mr. GiiL-- v.r..,'.-In rejilj--"! J?-s Vidin-t vuur :itt.Ti'.io:i I'.sju.nifi-ai.h 4 .;' mj |.-ri.-r .-f ."Inly 11 in uhi.-h it ni- i-l-.Tiv :-t..tf<l that th.- pro ji-.-al t.tn.ak- Vi.-i.,ri.i f..r?:iy?ittli. pnvniis of tlirV-ind in ti:.-<]i-]«it.-<l t.-rritory mul.l in.t X- :u-f.-pi«-,T, as it v.:t> (.-■utmrytli ii:,- iiii.i.-rstar.ii::iL' on th- 1.;..-i> of whirl. Mii.niL-.-ion t<> tin- l'rivy Cnim-il -w^. ai.Te.il t-i. Th:- is <iii:- appan-nt fn.n: Mr. S.-r?i"-V lett.-r ot th- 12tii l-".-bnuiry. lssfl. to yi-'ir i.r.ii.-.'-s.'-or, in which it :< strttfii w...H.-..f tli,-c.«id;tioi^..,, ...hi, I, } t ~ ngr.-.-l to jirmiiii with ih«- MilnnL—ion "that if the de <i.-iori of !li- IVlvv C.i-.iu.-il ??, adven— to Victoria, sli- sh<>;;:<' not i?. ask.-d t« aiimim fnra::y ni.jTi.-ys r.o-i\\.->1 l.y l:<r in tlif p.x-t," '•U'- jia.-t''l?-irnl..fiirc tl:-<l:.t.-of t!;.-<l.i i-imi of th.■ l'riiy C.«moi:. TI?-ontention in jour lrtt.-r that th- .late !-fon- wliich it micht b tmil.-iuied that Victoria was not luiblv must in' li\i-.< in tlie«-:u-lv |iart<.f l.ssTi, jwli.-n Mr. Ser vi'?- ami Nir. t^oltoii iii.t and •■ndejoor.J to arrange the l«u-i-*«>f tli.- u.^otiati.iri?, iscl-ailv au.n-or, as th? alj. .ye qiiotation fr.-mM^. Srvii- i-V suliscjiieTit oim:mmiu;ition shows." Th- follow ins tWeprspliic oomspiiinience th.n eusu-d : -Te'i-prain from th.- Pn-mier, South Australia, to the Pn-mi.-r, X'i.toria, dat.-d Octolier ->'>, I^*7. — "He <Jis;nited lioundary— Tiiis <;ov*-rnment will ass. Nt t.i all Vku.inan alterations ill drafts petition :md :ij.Tf>-ni.iit,Bs forwarded on 22nd instant, with .-xceptinn only tn those relating to our contention that Wade's line is more than two mile.-out and the excision of our atl'lition to paragraph "24 of the petition, which simply st^r.-s an admittxl fact. No doubt you will afrrix- that no ohjection can be taken by Victoria to our putting our contention in any shajie w«- pUase, saving tliat you are not boiuid by it. and you will also admit tliat uo WkCeption can be taken to any statement of fact. Presuming therefore that thedraftsmay be considered tattled w.e propose to pi ye noricx to-morruw of our intention to submit the matter to Parliament next w.-ek, and we shall lie glad if you can adopt a similar course.—T. Playkoiid." Telegram from the Premier, Victoria, to the Premier, South Australia, dated October 27. US.^7.—"No objection to your contending that the boundary is more than two miles east of Wade's -line, but parapraph 24 of the petition must stand as settled, inasmuch as the arrangement between New Kouth Wales and South Australia as to the boundarj' north of the Murray cannot bind Victoria, and i.s irrelevant U> tliecase.—l). Gillies." Telegram from the Premier, South Australia, to the Premier, Vic-toria, dat.^l October 2S, itibT :— '•Your telegram r.fc<ived some tiiuu after meeting of House, when agreeably with wire, of Wednesday we had given notice of motion for approval, and had laid on table copies of petition and agreement. We must insist on amendment to paragraph 24, which simply etates a fact, the oifoct of which is a matter for lu-guinent, anil which, if irrelevant, as you contend, cannot jKtssibly prejudice Victoria. We liave practically concetled everything sought by A ict,iria as regards the form of the case, and are very strongly of opinion that we should not be asked to give way further. —T. Playfobp." Telegram from the Premier. Victoria, to tlie Premier, South Aus tralia, dated Octol*-r 31, 1567 :— "He lx>un dnry-—Considering all circumstances, we are willing to concede alt.-ration made by your Government in clause twonty-four (24) of petition. —D. Giluks. 7' Th<; following corresjiondcnco was also perti n-nt to the issue:—"Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, Xovemlier 4, ISS7- Sir—l liave the honor to acknowledge receipt of your xi-ire of J-Hsst ultimo, which «'nabled the Attorney-General (lia\ing preWously laid licfore Parliament copies of the proposed j?eti tion and agreement) to move in our House of Assembly that this House approves of the pro poseii reference to the Privy Council of the matter i>f the ii;spuU<l bminda,ry between tile colony of Victoria and the colony of South Australia. The resolution was unanimously adopted the next day, and we anticipate a similar result in the Legislative Council, where a similar motion will lie moved by the Chief Secretary next week. I shall be glad to hear that Parliamentary approval has also been obtained in your colony, so that the petition and agreement can lie signed.—l am, &c.; T. Plavford." "Premier's Office, Mel bourne, Xovember 7, 1887. Sir —I have the honor to aeiknowledge the receipt of jour letter of the 4th instant informing me of what has been done by your Government as regards the submission "to the Parliament of South Australia of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the South Australian boun dary qu.-stion. I hope to lie enabled to lay tlie draft agree-ment and petition In-fore the Legislature of this colony for approval at an early date.-—I have-, &c.;, D. Gillies." Tele gram from the Premier. South Australia, to the Pre-niie:r, Victoria, date-d November 15, ISK7.—"£c be.unt'.iry question—Necessary resolutions carried in ixjtli our Houses. Very anxious to hear from you.—T. PI.AYFOXK." Telegram from the Premi.-r, Vieteivia, to the Premier. South Australia, dated Novem lier 15, 18b7. — "Uoreler dteput.- — Pa]K-r is lx-ing printed feT Parliament prior to submitting resolution. — D. Gillies." "Be boundary question.—Chief Secretary's Office. Adelaide, November .TO, lfS7. Sir— Keferriug to previous correspondent; herwm, I have the honor to re-quest that I may be fur nished v.ith an early intimation as to the posi tion of thi- matter in your Parliament. I need hardly add that I shall I* very glad to hear that you have passed the re-solutions ni-oussary for compk-ting tlie agni-me-nt for refe- rence to the Privy CounciL—l have, &c;, T. Plavfoch." Telegram from the Premier, South Australia, to the Premi<-r, Victeiria, dated Deeeiulter (5, 1887: —"Harder question — Very anxious to hear from you he-reon. Several membe-rs en ?uiring as to the position of this matter, lope you will e^xpedite.—T. I'layfobd." Tele-gram frwn the Premier, Victoria, to the Premier, South Australia, dated Decem l?er 6, 1887: — "Border question — Will give notice this day.— l). Gillies.." Te-lr-gram from Premier, South Australia, to Premier. Victoria, dated Deeianber 11, ISSS: —"'We should l>e much elisappointed if your session were to close without Parliamentary approval of agrwment for refen-ne-c of disputed boun darj' question, and we earnestly trust that you will not allow this to happen. —T. Platkorp." Telegram from Premier. Victoria, to Premier, South Australia, elate-d DrcemlxT IL, 1S88: — "Disputed I?mndaryque-Ktion—Your telegram of to-day duly n-ceivod. It is my intention to introduce matter la-fore end of" session.—D. Gillik.-*.'' On December 11, I.S*V, Mr. Play ford wrote:— *" I can nssurw you that the delay is productive of c-onsidtrafile inconvenience, and to mj- mind the matteT stands thus:—lt is M the interrat of both e«loniea that the poiut should be finally se'trle-d; but, each colonj lielieving itself to be in the right, neithe-r is iiK-limxl to give way. Tlie question, there fore, can only in! disposed of bj' the Irieudly rcfeniice which hns b«-en agn>ed on. or by litigation of a less amicable character, which 'we should all deplore.7' Mr. Gilli.-s replied as follows :—"Premier's offi.e. Melhourn.-, Upmiilji 14, ISSB. Sir—l hav«-the honor to arknowit-d?!! tlie rec-ijitetf your 1. it.-r of tlie ] Ith inst.. relative to obtain ing the s.-iir-lion of the Mctorian Parliament to the projk-s.fi refennfe to tin? Privy Council of the matter eif th.-.lispul.J innnieiary iM'tv.i-e"U th>- folony of Victoria and the provimv eif South AusTaiia. V..v will dinibtiivs havero «-.-i\\.-el my t. :.-irr.iTn in r. ply to yours— ix.th on tin- 11 ill inst. slating my int.-ntiun to intro • luc! the matt.r before the eiose of tiie s.>s&ion.; 1 liave n.v.v thu honor 10 infeirm you that last evening I gave initi.v of motii.u for Tm-sday n«.\t in tiie Ij.^ri.-1.-.tive Asst-mbly tiiat the 11.<'.!■?? api>r"v.-s of th" ref. re-iiiw of the <i;:>-.-lion to tii>- l'rivy Council -a- tWind." <">n H.,-.-uilr.T L'J. IS.-X sir.GiHi.--s wrote:— "It 1~-<-.-.nie . vi.l, nt. how.Aer. that the Mil.i.-e-t w:tf <.!■..• v.h:.-h w..::1.l iiiv.,lv.- a lengthened dis i-ussit>:i l-:'on- it .•. -:M !?■ jkcr^d through the H..U-.-. ai,<l the elo.-«- of ilk- wssio:i was t.«> iniuim. nr t.i a.imit of the ii.-v.-s \- lx inj,- pi\\.-:i for the ]mr]v^e', in view of the numerous other ur- o '.-tit qu.-rti.'iis to 1«- M-itl.-ai U-iur.l the ]>nsro )r:.tion t.-.k pi.'..-.-. 1 vas tin-refore ifluctautly r-r.rnp--ll.il to allow tin- matt'-r M sta:id over"; t-t 1 h:i-.<> not tii.- s.ijTht.-st ilon!>t, fnmi the p. n. ral f.i-Mr.s-. ,f the A-.-.-iiil'!v. that vi-rv little diMi.-uiiy will I-.- .:.]n ri.-m . -.1 in d'-aling with tli. qii.sti.:i r>'.rr-ii to at an .arlv j? ri.vi durinj; th" im-M :--.-ion." In tin- following y. ir, on S-pt.-ml-T .">. lSsi). Mr. tlilli-s wrote a?::.:n: -" I hay.- the hoiinr to ai-lii:nwl«ilge the nn- ipt of \oi;r I-it-t "f the :t:u!< ultimo, in n-f. r-r.,-.- V. th.- qut-tion ~ft 1,.. di.-p:it<-«l l..i:i:.Ury-lin.- l-tw.-en Victoria and .\i:-ir...ii:i. You will have reneived i:iy t.l>- t'ia:ii ..1 thetjun.-.lat.-. and 1 now U-^'tn ex. pr.i^- my n-?i-?-t that up to the pn-sent time it li.-w i«-«ii fi- iui.l iuip-.>.::lili. T.i Irinj- :!••■ matter I-:.t.. iii.- I/.vi.-Litur.Mli:ri:ic thi.-s.-ssion. but :; i- in;- i:;:.::;i-.n, :ls mi.ii a.- In.-slat.-of public !m:-iii.-s v.ill pi-ni-.it, to vuhmit u> Parliament r r-solution on ihe su'iji-t-t.'' Tli.-n caul" a t>-I—.rrani fi?>in tlie Pr.-iiii'-r, Aile!aid«% to the I'j-.Mii.-r. Xi.-toria, elat.-d Auirust :*•, IKsit:— •lir <li,p-.:t.Hl Uv.:i;.'.ary I'rurt y«.u will sh.'rly sii'nrl Jir..;:iis.^l resolinii 11 to Parlia :->-nt_ 1..-:t.rf..ll..wijs^.- .lui'.v A- Cn KI:l l:x. t: ii..- tl st t"i.vr:un «a> fiiiin tin- Pr. mier, \'i-. :-ni:i, lo tl:.- Pren;i'-r, S.iui:i Aus:raii:u .tat.-l N..v.-u,!? r J2. l-S-.t. a* follows:—"S.irr>- To int'imi you that Me- h::ii- lust th<\- motion to 1-. f-r lli.-'d.-piit.-.l i.-n-itory to i!,e Privy f.,utiri! l.y Un.'- \"t.^-; will" try again at th. i.^:!-:." kv.;ij'V. yt-.V'^il'' lK'i][,.u^'" <^ An.-.- t l-_?, 1.V.U1. Mr. Giili—v.-r.it<-: --"1 have :!i>-ii..;...r to :.t-ki|.iivl.-<i^.- tin- ii.-cipt «f your 1.-tt' rof t!..-."ith iii~laTi-.N0..V.',v.-ith i.-f«-i«-ni-.-to t!.. q;:.^i,.;i ~1 t!..- .ii.-jKit.,; 1. .umL-.ry Utu,,n %;.-•■.ri:. :.nl S--ir!i An.-11-.-ilia. Til.- matt.-r i? iil !..--;\<' ait* utioii a- x?m .-.s in.--.-ili!>-."" «>nli::v "-I. ls-..1, Mr. Playford wn"..-tolhe Pi.mi.-r of An tori:. :-"l ha%,- the h.-n.-r t>. :■■_';■ in i.rinir lui.i'-r v.., ir n-.ti-,- th- -;u. stion of tli.- ti >.put.-ii li..;i!i.iary Jiciwci-n this i-ulouv :t.i.l \ :.-..*■.:: •,ill]:.-'.Mil.j.,t..f ?ihi,-li hvi !:ist in <-oMiii.i'.iii. ation with you on the 'Mvi N..v,-inl.-r.?l«ri <a.1:n..v.1.,U-,,i ~„ tlie; «7tl: N..ieii.l,-r. lUti.. :ii..l 1 shall 1,- glad to hear of l!:-int'-'it-oi! of j.i-.ir G.iv.nini'-nt with rvfe r. mi- to tin- • arly ivtroduetion into vnurl'ar !iiiii.-nt ..n it- u-l-.-u.i>;i|.;: of a motion"rc-f.-rricg the mati'-r to the Pri\y Cuneil." In his n-rl> Mr. Munr... ..11 May "i!. io-.U, wn.t.- :— "I iiaie ?li.- L-.liorto a.l.iiowl.ilfe the ivc-iiit ..f yoiirl'-.T-r ..: t\ ; .- -_'<nii ii-..-:«.i, n-h-.tie.- to t!..- qii.--tiiiii"f th" <!!.-;nilcei K.iii-.i1.-a-v lj.-twi-.-n ti:i.- . oloi.y an.l S., !; >!, Ai^-Trali.-i. ;n,".l to nat.t 111 !■>■;,!>■ that the )--.;isJ:i-i-,.- Av-,iiil,lv of Vie t..ri:. 1.-l by a I'r. 111.. r who I,^l ".-,., ov.-r -wiuliniiur inajoi-iiy mlii.- l!on.>. -d.ilined, on ih". L'L'nd Nov.-ir:'-—, I^-s.,^ r]>ltrov.- ..f th.' n fiT.-::ii- vi the question to th>- Privy <-.-iilu-il, aT;J I bay.: i!> rea--.1l to U-lj.-vi- that th- 11..use would now re v.-rs.- that <-.-ision. Mor.o;.r, .-es tile .-il! -important qu. .-tion <>f ftil.-rririoii is receiving tin.- attention of the Pari:.im>-nts of ail the ce>!e>iii'-s, it would, in my opinion, lie umviM! to revive the " l^uneiarj qu.f-tiun at the pn-seut time." Tlie following corn :-p .n.l.^noe took p!.-u-o : — "Chief Secr.-tarys Oifie-e, Adelaide, June J\ ISHI. Sir—Keft-rrinc to your lettea- <if thr "J"Jnd May, relative to the qu> stiem of the dis putrJ bouiidarj- ln- twe-en this colony and Vic toria, in which vem say you have no n-.ipon to Ix- lieve the? Legislative A^senil >lj-would i-eversx> it-s d.-el-ion eif the 22nd November, IXB9, de clining to approve of the reference of the ques tion to the l'rivj- Council, I would remind you that, after the motion was lost by three votes in lKS'.t, Jlr. Gi'lii? state-d in hLs telegram of Nov.mlx-r ?! tluit■ lw would try again at the opening eif the following Bession, and had reason to In-lir-ve he would be successful. This Geivernment thtre-feire respectfully urges that the! question bi-agaiu submitted to your Par liament with the view of having the matter amicably settle-d.—l havu, ie, T. PLAYronn.'" " I'n-mieTs Office, Jlelbourne, June 12, lt9L Pir—l have the honor to aekiiowle-dge the re ceipt of your letter of the Bth inst., again asking that the question of the disputed boun dary l>etwe-en Victoria and South Australia may be resiibmitt'xl to Parliament. With re fe-renev? t<? jour re'msrk tliat, after the motion was lost by thre-e votes in ISS!>, Jlr. Gillies stat.nl in his t.-legram of November 22nd tliat he would try again at the opening of the fol lowing nession, and had reason to believe be would be successful, 1 lie-g to nmiiid you that, as a matte-r of fact, Mr. Gillies did not rc submit the question to the Legislative As s>!mblv. I f'-^l Katihfie>d tliat a motion for a reference of the matter to the Privy Council could not at the pre-s«-nt time be carried, and I regret therefore tliat I cannot tuke theactionyou de*ire. —I liave. &e;%,.IAMES Muxbo, Premier." Then came a le-ttcr fixim Sir John Downer, dated Nove-mber S, 18ft!, concluding as follows: —" Then.- is one erthe'r matter to wliich I wish to call jour att.-ution. Persons living on the liemndarv of Victoria and South Australia are being put to gn-at trouble and expanse when crossing the border to visit their friends through your new Custom regulations. Re-gu lations for Customs matters, 110 doubt, have to be strict and rigidly enforced, but it should not be impossible for those charge-d with their execution to prevent thesi- rules l>eing applied to case« altogether ajiart from their obje-ct." After some further coires]xmdeuee came a letter from Mi-. Shiels, PremieT of Victoria, dated December 2L 1892, which finishe-d as follows: —"Whiles however, I re-gn-t that I cannot undertake to complj' with the re-quest ctnutninul in your Jotter, I would suggest that it might lje (Jcsirable. in view of tlie position that Sonth Australia has taken up, and out of abundant caution, that a joint appbeation of the two colonies should lie made to the ImiK-ml Parliament for the passing of an Act to re move the doubts of South Australia as to the boundary-line, I shall be very happy te> co operate with you in this application, which would, I think, lie. a fitting conclusion of the matter, redounding to the credit of both cnlonie-s, not incompatible with their dignitj-, and sure to ce>me?iit the friendship between the-ni." That w.\s the result after 24 ye-arsof negotiation ; and for many of those years Vic toria liar] continuously said she would cany eiut her promises to agree to a submission to the Privy Council ; it was a sublime instance of audacitj-. Then came a le-tter from Sir John Downer, dated January IS, 1893, written in a lucid aud convincing manner, wliich made it impossible to misunderstand it, frcm which he would read the following:—" I have the honor to acknowledge, the receipt of your letter of the 21st DeeeraW last, on the subject of the boundary-line between your colony and South Australia, and have to' express my profound regret that after Victoris, having been the first to propose the settlement <H the dispute by reference to the Privy Council, after having from time to time recognised and agreed to this method of settling the question, and after having made an agreement with the Government of this colony in respect to the erection and working of a railway- station at Servieeton, the basis of which wsk the settle ment of this long- pending dispute, you rhould liave arrived at the conclusion that justice, equity, aud loyalty to your own colony re quiwd you to resist any attempt to test whether tlie claim is sound or not. ISefore dealing with the whole question, as I propose to do, jxrniit me to suggest that the relative areas of the territory of the two colonies can scarcely be said to lie any justification for the taking and retention by the? erne colony of the estate of the other. The facts have l>ee'U stated and restated time after time, but at the risk of repetition I will nevertheless restate' thorn once more. It is neees-sary to do this, for mnn ing through the Victorian side of this corresiiondence is the initial mistake that the boundary fixed by Mr. Wade in 1847 was then intended and has ever since Ix-en acted on as finaL Then the fetter set out what were the facts of the case. It continued thus:—"A meeting took place in Melbourne on January 28, 18S5, at which tiie Hon. T. Playford and others were present, as representing this colony, and Mr. Speight, the chairman of the Victorian Railway Commissioners, and other?, as repre senting Victoria. At that meeting matters in connection with the railway were discussed and an agreement was arrived at which was duly mniuted. l?y paragraph 7of those minutes it was agreed that a joint station should l?e provided near the !>order, and its cost, together with cost of working and main tenance, should be lwrne in equal |iroportion by the two Governments; and, by paragraph 8, that this was to be without prejudice to the dispute as to the border line, and in the event of tliat question being settled it was agreed that the colony which is decided to own the land upon which the station is situated shall reimburse the other its share of the capital contributed for i'.s con struction, and thereafter, in lieu of providing half the capital, the colony so re lieved shall i>ay a rent, equivale-nt to 4 per cent, per annum on such half share plus its share of the cost of working and maintenance. The site agreed upon was at Servieeton, on the disputed territory, and the whole basis of this agree-ment was that there was a dispute of which both parties were to facilitate the settle ment, and that the capital payments should only bo ititerim. pending that determination. Ou the Sth May, ISSS, the Victorian Kaiiway Commissioners wrote this colony stating that the memorandum of January 2Sth had been approve-d by the Victorian Government, with the exce-ption of clause S, which it was thought desirable should be expunged, as in railway ir.ana^cinent no question of doubtful boun elaries between the two colonies should lie imported, and stating that, as to that clause, if the contingency ever arose it could lie considered* by itself. In this alteration the Government of South Australia agreed. ... Singularly enough, toe.. e)n the same date on which your last letter was written, l>cceraber2L, 1892, there was M-ut. to our Commissioners of Railways a letter from the Kaiiway Commissioners of Vic toria reepiiring payment of £41,879 Is. M. for the joint construction and working of the Sen-ip-ton railway-station. In other words, outhessnie day the Gove-rnmont of Victoria repudiate the existence of any reasonable dis pute a.i to the territory on which the Servici:t«ai statiou is built, dc-eline to carry out the endeavor to carry out the solemn obligations of their predecessors in >>!!ic-e to join South Australia in obtainiiicr a settle'iu-nt of that dispute, and yet in tlie same bi-r-ath demand from South Australia pavmi nt in re-sp-ft of expenditure on projx'rty tlie ovrnersliip of which was at the root of the ngn-cme-nt as to tire capital ex p.ndwl. It is true that on the suggestion of your Government paragraph S of the minute of January, ISSo, was expunged em tlie ground that in railway management no question of lunr.idaries lietv.e-cn the two colonies should lie importe-d, but it was also expunged on the; further su;^gi-stiou that when the contingency thcr-in providtxl for should arise it could be considered by itse-If. Hew does j-our Govem m<i:t now projx-w to consider it? Simply by repudiating its existence aud d<t;lining to carry out the e-ompact entered into originally on your own proposal, sucjseque-r.tly and me)st care fully repeated, awl made the basison which the station was built at Serviceton, aud on which this colony ngn-.il to contribute to its cost. I am ratisuYd thai great pressure of public business lias prevented you from cxliaustively investigating the petition of this matter, and that your attention haw not be«n sufficiently e-iUl.xf to the actions of your predecessors. The eju.-stion is a ta-rious and not a trivial one. If <mr\i.-ws .in the subj.^t are correct —andjof Ih.-ir .se.iindn> we ent?'rtain no doubt —Vic- toria is exercising juri^liction over territory outside <jf,h.-r limits, and th<i<n;estion is bound ti> lie r:'.isi-d, <v.n without our assistance, on sDiii- future oe-casion where e?rime or trespass] has V«-< n (xnmiiittedon tiie disputed territory.) The .appeal will then o-rtainly be pcrmitttd, j :m<! A'n-turia will no longer be able to n-Jy on j?.ss«^Mon inst.-aJ of title-. There is no diffi culty in taking artion n> as to ensure a decisiem in th-courts of Victoria and South .Australia .r l.oih, and by appeal from those, courts obtaining the d.iision of thu I?i-iv3- Council; but. as 1 v.-nlured to urge ujxin you pre viously, such action is scarcely compatible with t!m dignity of colonies under tlie : :\:.ie Cro^ii, and desiring to remain on friendly terms with each other. Tin; i?isitii>u t^i.utli Australia lias taken has Ix-.ii «•<insistent throughout. There is, in the words of cmc e>f your Chie-f Secretaricis, 'no depute alxmt the fae-ts; tlie question ia en tirely one of law, and is a prpjjcrpno for the] original jurisdiction of the Privy CounciL If you re-fuse u? this simple ae:t of courtesy and jii'-tie-e. and jn-ivist in repudiating the obliga tions of your c-.rtony, we shall crtainly take! our own umrsf'aiul that without furtlier delay j t? pt the matte-r decided, and hhall meanwhile <ii'i-liiie to n-wijniise the airiicejnent as to thej Servirt-ton station as binding in tlie face of j your rc]>iidi:ttiiqi of the compact tliat was the' l.."sis e>t that arranfci-meiit. In the «.-oncludingj ]iaragraph.-i of yemr letter you s-iigge- st th:it out of u!junii;iiit caution a joint application of the two coloni.-s should Ijc nioile to the Imperial Pailiitm.-nt for ,-vi Act to n.-moie the doubts of South Australia as to the lioundarr line. If j-our proposal is that Im jx-rial Parliaiiieut should simjily pass an Ae-t afiimiiiig the lioundary as claimed by V'lc torin, I unhesitatingly decline it, but if you are willing that thu whole question should be dealt with and finally set .-it re*t b\\- the lm]H-rial Parliament, then 1 entirely agree witli the suggestion, and think with you that there would be in this 'a fitting conclusion of the matter redounding to the credit of both colonies not incompatible with their dignity and sure to cement thu friendship lnjtween them.'" On January 28 of the present year Mr. J. B. Pat tersem, the Premier of Victoria, wrote: —" As early as jiossible the question will be taken into consideration, and I will inform you of the decision of the Cabinet upon it." On the 12th June, 1803, the then Premier of South Australia, Sir John Downer, telegraphed : — "Kindly oblige me with reply at once, re disputed boundarj-, as otherwise I have no alternative but to take action."—J. W. Downer. Then he came to the very last telegram from the Premier of Victoria, dated June 14,1833, which read thus: —" Regret that owing to pre parations for opening of session, and Etate of financial matters claiming our attention, it is not possible at the present juncture to enter upon the consideration of the matters referred to in your telegram. —B. O'Loghlex, for Premier." After 24 years of beseechinar and praying the other colony to do something; a fter twelve ye-ars of promises of definite action, Victoria nmv told them tliat they were not in a position oven to begin to consider the matter. That telegram finished the history of the tedious oi£cial correspondence on tlie matter. In the official correspondence which had been read Victoria took the ground that the Governments of that colony had never in any way recognised the actual 141 st meridian as the boundary, and bad alwuvs acted as if the line surveyed by Mr. Wade was the undisputed boundarj'. Them \ras evidence against this, and he could not find anything to support it in the Victorian Acts. He was not going all throurfi the official acts of the Govemmente of Victoria, but the following would be sufficient to show thut Victoria had fully understood that Wade's line was not the true bounelarv. In the R'hedule to the Victorian Electoral Act of 1565, Ko. 279, the district of Follett was described as " bounded on the west by the Hist meridian, beiug the line dividing the colony of \ ictoria from South Australia," and on the same page the district of Wimniera was described as bounded "on the west by the South Australian frontier," which must also mean the 141 st nieridian. The Actofthe Parlia meutof Victoriacalled tbe"L,ocalGovernnient Act." No. 506 of 1574, in its second schedule defined the ljoundaries of various shires aud road districts, and on page 321, in describing the boundaries of the shire of Kowree it used the words "to a i?int on the western boundary of the colony, three miles north east of Lake Cadmite," which could only mean the 141 st meridian and not Wade's line, Tiie same schedule in defining the shire of Wimmera (page 335) spoke of the western boundary of Victoria being " tliree miles north east of Lake Cadmus."' After enquiry he had found that " Cadmus was a misprint for Lake Cadnite, at Frances, and that the point nien tiemed in the Victorian Act exactly coincide with the 141 st meridian, and not with WaeJe's iine. In Act 580 of 187(! he found a reference to the boundary-line between Victoria and South Australia. Several other "Victorian Acts of Parliament all stated the boundary to be the I-Jlst meridian of wist longitude. Another matter which might bo mentioned was that ever once*l^ dispute orlpinated Eoyal Coinmi«sions of the Governors of Victoria, and South" Australia had all stated this meridian as tfes boundary-une of both coloniftt He had managed also to see three official" maps which were preparea in the I^dsOfficemM<slb3ume,aUof which dis tinctly showed that Victoria had known all along that the 141?J meridian wm not the boundary over which it churned to exercise jurisdiction. In Hayter'e "Vic torian Year-book" for 1892 there was a map of the colony of Victoria prefixed to the first volume, distinctly showing^ the two boundary lines. The line which South Australia contends is the proper line is marked J4lst degree of longitude, while tlie other line which is claimed by Victoria as the proper line is marked "Boundary line with South Australia marked by Messrs. Wade & White, 1547-1549." This-showed that the true boun dary was recognised in Victoria. On page 7 of tlie same volume, in speaking of the boun daries of Victoria, Mr. Hayter'says:—" On the vest it is bounded by South Australia, the dividing line being about 242 geographical miles in length, approximating to the position of tin- 141 st meridian of east longitude." That would finish all be had to say on the first branch of his subject. He had mentioned many things which would have been quite un necessary if be had been speaking to members who had all fully understood what bad tran spired in tiie past. When he liad given notice of this motion he found that there were ia the House a considerable number—in fact he feared a majority—who took up the position that for the sake of intercolonial CGurtesy it would be a deplorable thing to go to law with Victoria, It was therefore probable tliat an amendment would have been moved and carried against him in favor of continuing negotiations vith Victoria in tlie hope of getting her to carry out the promise to refer the matter to the Privy Council, because lion. members could not be expected to have been previot?ly aware of all this mass of details which he had placed before them. He had decided, therefore, to refer to every oeeasbn where a promise had been made by Victoria, and to every occasion where such promise h?d been postponed or repudiated. There was a limit beyond which patience became foolish ness, lie did think that the time had not been wasted in this matter, because it was now im possible to imagine any bon. member who had listened to him supporting an amendment such as he had indicated. Coming to the second branch of _ his subject— the presort position of the dispute—it might almost be described as being the same as iTwas in 1809, notwithstanding all the labor expended in endeavors to settle it. The position was now worse indeed, for the increase of popula tion on both sides of the border had greatly in tensified the evils which were complained of 20 years ago. It is still troe that crimes, even up to murder, may any da? be oam~ nutted there with the possibility of the perpetrator escaping punishment because the court which tried him might be found to nave dealt with offences committed in another country, and the knowledge of this possibility had a* tendency to induce tlio committing of crimes there in the same way that before inter colonial debts were recoverable assaults on escaping South Australian debtors were fre quently committed on the disputed territory by persons who l'died on the general belief that the legal position was too complicated to makfl it sure that the offenders would be ptnushed. Ton Tears or so ago he had known erante of this land reported tothe police bythe assaulted persons, who received the reply that owing to the affair having taken place on the disputed territory it might be as well to let it drop. The present position also injured trade. The residents of the border districts of both colonies admitted they were injured by the settlement of this strip of country being delayed on ac count of the doubt felt by Victoria as to her right to dispose of the land, and tlie consequent temporary manner of dealing with it. X'rom the sapie "cause arose doubts as to the legality of various other matters affected by laws which differed in the two colonies. In a word, it was indisputable that the present position was highly unsatisfactory in many ways, and one which it would benefit us to have clearly defined cvin at considerable cost. He could not believe that anyone who took the trouble to make himself acquainted with the past history of the dispute and the present condition of the question could be in favor o( allowing the matter to remain as it is. The only question with those who investigated the subject would bo as to the best mode of action, and this brought liim to the third branch of his remarks. Since this controversy began young men had grown old, and others who had taken part in it had ended their lives and their troubles. Looking back at what had been done, viewing in the volumes ot " Hansard " these ghosts ot the hopes of the pal*, it might seem useless to try Avhat so many had failed to do. But he proposed that the Government should try in a different manner to what had hitherto been done. In the past South Australia had been trying (if this colony's contention was correct) to induce Victoria to initiate proceedings against herself, which was very much like a creditor occupying 20 years politely reauesting his debtor to issue a writ against himself. The unwilling debtor would not directly refuse, for fear that doing so would cause the other side to start proceedings, but he would procrastinate as much as possible in the hopo that the Statute of Limitations would run in his favor. Something like this had happened with Victoria, but there was the difference that the Statute of Limitations did not run in this case. The joint reference to the Privy Council, as at first agreed toby Victoria, had man)' things in its favor from the view of intercolonial courtesy and friendship, but it might have had the drawback of j complicating the legal proceedings by an argument as to whether the Privy Council had an original jurisdiction in such cases, and if so how it was to be exercised. Adopting the proposal in the motion and obtaining the opinion of the Privy Council in its ordinary appel late jurisdiction would prevent any trouble of that kind. It was obviously futile to attempt to end the matter by continuing to make re presentations to Victoria, as had been done during the last 24 years, and the end of which was that after all those years Victoria on June 4, 1883. said she was not prepared even to enter upon th« consideration of the question. There was only one other way, and that was to ap peal against a decision of the colonial courts, if cue should be given, upholding the Vic torian pretensions in the matter. The pro ceedings should be taken after due notice to Victoria, and for the express purpose of obtain ing a binding settlement of this matter from the tribunal recognised by Victoria to be the proper body to settle it. There need be no stealthincss or force, nothing unneighborly. They would only take the steps necessary to enable the law courts to give a decision on a point of law, which it seemed from the experience of the past could not lie brought before the courts without such preliminary steps. No doubt the Govern ment would approve the motion, although they would not care to move it, and they would hardly be likely to take the action indicated in it without the direction of Parliament; but if tlie motion were carried, knowing they had the Bupport of the House, the Government with confidence could take all the necessary steps to obtain the opinion of the Privy Council as to which colony these 600 square miles or so of country belonged. He did not wish hi the motion to bind the Government down to details of their action. At the same time he wanted the motion to be definite enough to cause the Government to go straight forward with the appeal when once the proceed ings were commenced. The motion suggested one of two courses. If it were carried lie had no doubt the present Attorney-General would adopt the course best suited to the circum stances. He indicated a number of methods in which the question could be brought before the courts of cither of the colonies, so as to secure an appeal to the Privy Council. One way which might be desirable would be for the Government to inform the Victorian Government that on a fixed day they would send, say, £300 or £1,000 worth of highly- dutiable goods—say tobacco or spirits— to Serviceton or some other part of the dis puted territory as an assertion of the claim of bouth Australia that that country is within South Australia. It was a remote possibility that Victoria would decide to ignore this action. In that case the Government would obtain the amount of duty on the goods, and repeat the operation until Victoria did notice it. Nearly certainly Victoria would seize the goods for non-payment of Victorian duty, and would prosecute the officer sent with them for smuggling. £n the inferior Victorian court a conviction would almost as a matter of course be obtained, bat the Government should have the defendant represented there by good counsel to raise all the necessary jioints, and then an appeal from the conviction should be made to the superior Victorian courts, and the first steps should be so taken as to give the right of appeal. Having taken care tliat the Government were properly represented by counsel, the question could then be fully argued, and in the case of a decision adverse to the claim of South Australia the amount of goods he had suggested cboaal te -' - taken over would he thought give ttib utt «f appeal to the Privy Council, windi eboaHL. at once follow. (Sir J. W. Dowrav--*3fcey V might give an appeaL") No; an ?tti^ * would come as a matter of right if &s;*^da?{£ the goods was high enough. This wss a. detail that need not be carefully OTamin^fl at fj^ i present stage, but in passing lie nnshb' mention that by section 15 at Act S3 dt 9 Geo. IV., appeals from the colonies to fi? Privy Council were to be made aooan£ng.fa ' regulations to be made by the Supreme Goats of the colonies. The Imperial Order in Gam cilof June9,lBGo, regulating VictarianapedEk fixed £500 as the appealable amount, bat eeo tion 231 of the Victorian Supreme Court Ari^ No. 1,142 of 1890, mentioned £L,WO as Ob appealable amount. However then vuw need to dear up that question now. Orfetat.' of doing as just suggested the officer ia Aiijy of the goods might be instructed to least seizure of the goods, and if any fare-were * used, as there must be under wraae **—*"'?- -.1 stances, an action for assaulter some rtber £■ civil claim could easily be brought and feeaxa "i in the South Australian Courts, which Hulgl* be the better way. In any case the gaeaag ; course to bo followed should besaaea. _ by the counsel retained to advise the ; Government on the subject. Hayaig ; regard to the importance <tf _*~L*Sf * involved care should bo takento wtaiiiH "■■ counsel at every stage. He did notwaafc to;.;; go into details, but of course the puraosieenti with the goods should be a GowaMa*" official, with an understanding that to mxikl .: be fully indemnified against every <xa&kM;^dri£ f so that no fcarof personal lossorinjmywwft cause a variation in the programme lament ; for him. If the motion were carriraje*<ay-. thing should be'done carefully ana 'hy'j Only in this way could a final decision ulie : dispute be obtained ; an end '^g* * *?. present troubles, and the dangers yhfrit rmr threatened to attend the future rs?OaaL (Mr. Caldwell—" But what about federation?* The federation of Australia would faejteooa: which would overbalance many minor JHs^aaa his only regret in moving the motion maeUul., some, viewing it superficially, might Mnntw; tended against federation. It did rafc^Sa '■ carrying of the Commonwealth Bm have removed the daily irritation and emons hampering of trade caused by the cdllecft?n.**,. duties on the border, but the other disalhgp-* tages arisanjr from the disputed «wMMaa3afr|**J^ this strip of 'land would remain. Cannes Th ought still go unpunished if committed tinea ". because of want of jurisdiction in fc «y*tV.* which tried the criminal, and setaement vwua still be retarded by the uncertainty «t t O«?B^;., ship. The adoption of this motion TOMda?aag j: federation by removing from two ofllyffrihwiiP?, * a source of trouble which at any timewaec- * pected events might change into ?aam«i?n?s- g pute. As to the result if the motion iue? carried into effect Ether decision «*«■>, Privy Council would be beneficial to Soartfa Australia, and indeed to both oojonieg^a?laa ~. past and present state of the question paayna-'. rented the land being propeily ntifiand^to ttfe .vj direct loss of the people of boAoannmaes. -^Ity the decision was in favor of Soutii AmUi&q;?; benefit wouldbeobvioas; if in favocot Vwaa'; she would at once settle the countey in Mms aMi " manner as the rest of that colony, ? pmoeat-^ ing that would be followed by aninerease«g* trade to our border towns and indirectly tome-. colony generally far exceeding any ««* ™6^. proceedings might involve. Justified try *bja -; tacts he had related in the first jtuib *f^as " speech, supported by the reasons fae'jtafliJor:; wards ad vanoed, ana iiovihsg In?t^ time people would be able to look labc uBBt:: the national life of a united Australia. totlnS; motion as having happily settled a Jfeniitpaa- the infancy of their countay, he mowed (nb_j niotion. . ' --' 