in death's -yALLEY, Death Velley is known ne the. region of 'h I lowest denr'eaBion in the world) hesides biaimiog the flattering appellation of baing the hottest piaoa on earth (siya ' The Ran Franoisco Chronicle"). It is also 436ft below the level of the'.s?a. The valley is <o (Bites long and from eight to fifteen miles wide'. On ibe east the valley ie hounded by the Fuoeni. Mountain", which attain an elevation of . from 6Q90ft to 8900ft, and on the weet it is enclosed by (he Panamint Range, which reaohes a height of from 8000ft to 10000ft. We arrived at thi entrance of level of Death Valley, and from this point saw for the firrt time n 'sindstorm. When we saw jt the northern part of the valley was obaqnred in a hrowni-di-coiored cloud, whioh gfad'n- ally thinned ont until it orossed the entire valley. Never at 'any moment did it ;en- tirely obscure the son, whioh looked like a mere ghost of itailt. The clond moved with' grrat velooity in onr direotion, and soon advanoe ronnera or bat puffs ot wind reached us. On arriving at the end. of Furnace Oreek wash we saw the sandstorm jn the northern, part of the valley. This was shortly, after enroise. The entire .horizon and sky were obscured by the sand and gravel, which were buoyed in an atmoaphsre oppressively hot and stifling Soon we were enveloped by a flense olond of sand;, and occasionally aa a atronger puff of wind cam, gravel and even small rot kvwo-e hurled in onr - fooes. We covered oar heads with VaokelB, and the males instinotively tamed thnir toils to the wiad. . With n,l those precautions we did not escape, for my guide's face 1 and my own became badly bruised and lacerated. In onr ex- posed foiition we experienced all Ihefnry of this, desert ein)oon, and as the wind- travelled across the alkali Bink thsy in- creased in heat to .snoh an extent that breathing beoame a matter' of difficulty. This atorm lasted two days, and in all this time it was impossible to move from onr position. We had to i amp. here for that perind, being finable to light any fires or preptre meats. Most of this time we were oovered with blankets and literally atarved. I never want to undergo that ordeal again. , This was in the.. fall. The puffn of wind weroeo intensely hot and safii- ca'ing that they oin be likened to blasts from a . furnace, and seemed tn draw tbn very breath from our bodies. The storm pi'ed the .sand sronnd our wagon and covered everything. Occnaionally looking down'into the valley, wa coold see e 'Jarge sand anger or spont waltzing' hither and thither over the oonnlry, bringing tho s'tnd and g'ke'i dast.high into the air. Thongh the storm wee exceedingly severe to a novice like myself, it is incomparable to the ones that swoop over this' country in middle enifi'mer.' In Jnly or August, .with the thormbmstsr registering . from 130 to 137 degrees in the shade, it woqid be im-' fiosaitile . for any. living .creators to exist n it even for) an hour. After having pasted safely through this' sanditorm we'eontinned onr journey, an ) I male e thorough' inspection of tho valley. Thein is much ot interest to be told, bnt owing to the absence , of rauoh of my data and statistica l would not venture to give you a description of onr observations,' as many of thsm ere based on eoientifio elimina tions apd tests ' 