The Poet Laureate. WHO WILL SUCCEED TENNYSON? THOSE; SPOKEN OF. The question as to wbo will succeed to the position of Poet Laureate, left vacant by the death of Lord Tennyson, is being much discussed in England. During the latter years of Tennyson's lifetime it was generally considered that Algernon Charles Swinburne would fall heir to the laurel wreath, but his friends now seem to consi der it unlikely that he would accept the honor even if it should be offered to him. Further t'-an that, attention i» being called to the democratic tone of his early lyrics as eomething likely to bar Ms way to the laureateship. Next to Swinburne is mentioned William Morris, the poet-artisan, by many held to be tha ablest versifier in the country, but be has become a rabid Socialist, and is therefore held to be out of the race. This ia thought to leave as the only pos sibly successful aspirantfi L-»wis Morris, Sir Edwin Arnold, Alfred Austin, and Robert. Buchanan. Of these the first named, is thought to be the most likely to secure tt e coveted honor, as Sir Edwin Arnold is accused of b-ing tainted with heresy, while Buchanan is occasionally erratic in his views, and Austin is thought to be scarcely up to the standard of literary and poetic excellence which should properly fit him for the place. Lewis Morris, as a candidate for the Laureateship. bears an unblemished cha cacttr. Bis poetical works bear a general air of respectability. He wrote the 'Songs of Qreat Britain,' now in/ their third edition, embodying odes on the Queen's Jubilee and on the Imperial Institute, the latter of which he wrote by request owing to the illness of Tennyson. For this he received the jubilee medal from the Queen, As a man and a verse writer he has much to commend Mm to the court. Good English critics place him on a par with Tupper. He is the author of several lengthy poeti 3al works, some of a dramatic character as bo form, and has al-o published more than one volume of collected short poems. Probably his best-known work is his*' Epic -f Hades,' a pom in blank verse in t^ree sooks. and modelled in its plan something if tey Dante's ' Inferno.' Otuer long po«ms t-y the earns author are: 'GVcia' (a fiv* ict tragedy », ' Gwen,' and the ' Ode of Life.' He lias also published ** Songs Ou jun^,' ' Songs of Two Worlds,' and the * Lewis Morris Birthday Book.'' From tue 'Songs of Two Worlds' the following Little poem is taken, chiefly because it is me of the shortest : COURAGE. There are who, bending supple knees, Lire for no end except to please, Eising- to fame by mean degrees; But creep not thou with these. They have their due re ward ; they bend .. Their lives to an unworthy end — On empty aims the toil extend Which had secured a friend. But be not thou as these, whose mind Is to the passing hour confined ; Let no ignoble tetters bind - Thy soul, as free as snind. Stand upright, speak thy thoughts, declare The truth thou hast that all mar Bhare; Be bold, proclaim it everywhere — They only live who dare. Lewis Morris wa° born in Carmarthen in 1832, and was educated at Sherborne School and at Jesus College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1855 fir--t class in classics, winning toe Chancellor's prize. Six years later he was called to the bar and prac tised until 1881, when he accepted the post of honorary secretary to the University of Walee. In 1877 he was elected an honorary fellow of Jesus College. His first volume, ' Sonars of Two Worlds,' already referred to, appeared anonymously in 1871, He unsuccessfully contested Pembroke as a Gladstonian Home Ruler in 1886. ' Algernon, Charles Swinburne was born in London on April 6, 1837, being the son of Admiral Cuarles Henry Swinburne, his mother being Lady Jane Henrietta $? daughter of the Earl of Ashburn ham. After a course of study in France h$ entered :. Baliol College, Oxford, bat did not graduate. He early in lire adopted poetical literature as a profession, jand has been-a prolific writer.- Among1 Ms -works, are ,ih# follbvring ^ 'The Queen Mother' and f* Rosamond,'' both being plays j ' Atalanta, in Garydon,7 a tragedy after the &wSk; form'; « Chastelard, a y&fzeSLf.f;*. 'Poems and Ballads,' «* A Song of Italy* ' Siena, ja Poem j': ' Ode on thePfoclamaj tion of the French Eepublic,' ' Bothwell; i* 5?raged^' --r « Songs Before r'SunriBe^ ^^Erech^peuB,' /;.' .»'v:. play j'- ? . :'** Lpttine, ia Tragedy £^« SttLalSB in Spttg/' ' Tristrim bf Lydnesse,'-&c; : .:' '..;.-, !?, ~\'y'-'- ' He &as; sIbo written a number of prose ei8»y»,aadediUdtl« 'VOMr^tk^iiV^ Lyrical and Imasrinative Poems' of Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Perhaps one of the most beautiful of Swinburne's shorter poems ib that entitled «« A Forsaken Garden,' the fixat verse of which reads as follow : In a coign of the cliff between lowland and high land, Atthe sea down's ed^e, between windward and . lee. Walled round with rocks as an inland island, The ghost of a arden fronts the sea. A girdle of- b ushwood and thorn encloses The steep, square slope of the blossomless bed Where th»» weeds that grew green from the graves of its roses ? Now lie dead. William Morris was born at Waltham stoift Essex, in 1834 and educated at Marl borough and at Exeter Col iege, Oxford.: His first idea, was to become an architect, j but he gave it up after a time and took up ! veree making. . His first volume, ?? The Defence of Guenevere and Other Poems,' was published in 1858, but it attracted veiy little attention. In 1867, however, he sprang at once to fame with his long narrative poem,*' The Life and Death 'of Jason.' The next year 'The Earthly Paradise ' confirmed his already high re putation. Since then other highly success ful volumeB have been issued, among them 'Love Is Enough,' a translation of the iEneid. nto English verse, and ' The Fall of the Niblungs.' - He has also translated, in collaboration with Eiriki Magnusson, 'Grettir the Strong 'from the original Icelandic ; likewise ' The Story of the Vol^ungs and Niblungs,' «* Three Northern Stories,' &c..; Mr. Morris is also famous in a way as the founder, with Dante G. Ross«tti and Burne Jones, of an establishment for the manufacture of wallpaper, stained glass and other artistic household decorations, whereby he has largely contributed to the reform of English taste ia this pastieular. William Morris's poem, ?* Love * is Enough, or the Freeing of Pharamond,'.' is cast in the form of a drama, and the following song occurs in the opening pages: Love is enough, thoueh the world be a waning And the woods have no voice but the voice of complaining. Though the sky be too dark for dim eyes to . discover - The gol-i cups and daisies thfere blooming there ? ? tinder, Though the hills beheld shadows and the sea a : - dark wonder. And this day draws a veil over all deeds passed over. Yet their hands shall not tremble, their feet shall not 'ialfcor; The void shall not weary, the fear shall not alter TheEe lips and these eyes of the loved and the liver; Robert Buchanan, prose writer as well as poet, first saw the light in August, 1841. He received Ms education at Glasgow University His first work was ?? Under tones,' issued in 1863, which was tolerably well received, 'The Idyls and l^euends of Inverham ' followed in the year 1865, and then 'London Poems,' which was a rare combination of lyrical vijor and insight into humble life, lightened up with humor and . sweetened with pathos. This volume proved Mb first distinct suc cess. Atiiong his later poetical works Have been ' Wayside Poems,' 'North Coast Poems,' ' Napoleon Fallen ; a lyrical drama,' 'The Drama of Kings,' -? Ballads of Love, Life, and Humor,' and ' The City of Dream.' ; Among the novels of which Buchanan is the author ' God and the Man.' is per haps the most no^ed, while ' Rachel Dene * attracted some attention. He is also the author of several popular plays, notably ' Sophia ' and ' Joseph's Sweetheart.' r At one time Buchanan made himself a mo«t -unhappy poet by attacking what he styled %- The fleshy school of poetry' in an article published in the Cokx£h£obab; Revxb^ whereby he brought Dante G. RoBBotti and Algernon Charles Swinburne down upon him in scathing replies. Alfred Austin. Alfred Austin, journalist and poet, -was liorn of Catholic parentB at Headingley, near Leeds, on May 30, 1835. He was educated at Stonyhurst and St. Mary's College, Ascott, graduated at the Univer sity of London in .1853, and was called to the iax in 1667* He soon, however, turned to literature, his first work,' Randolph,' 'being published in. 1864. It was a poem rSaU of Bympathy for the Poles andpub lisMieoL anonymously. 'The Season: a ^atire^ his 'first really important -work, ^BBife^L;fn.jViB91^' was ;-:bqt severely crilicised. ^attTieau^Or replied to its assailants iii ^^^a^ireandltsCensiors^^ Among -Ms iuWequent ^volumes ; olv«r«e were 'The ' '?':V;5^v-,r-:^..'-- ?''?.- ? ?'??'??? . . '????'.?.??'?. ?. arola Tragedy,3' 'Soliloquies in Song,' «* Prince Lucifer,' and *' At the Gate of the Convent.' ; As a journalist Austin has long been \ connected with the SiA5fDAB2- and Qcab teelt Review, and was also editor of the National Review. . He was corr«spondent for the Standard _ at Versailles during the Franco- German War, ,1870-71. tie has written several political pamphlets, one in answer to Gladstone's ' Bulgarian Hor rors,' which it would seem might possibly i rankle a little in the Grand Old Man's mind now that he may be called on to indorse Austin's claims for the laureate- ; ship. j Of the life of Sir Edwin Arnold, poet, ! Orientalist, and journalist, it is scarcely ? necea-ary to speak, so well known is he throughout t e world. He was'born on June 10, 1832, being the son of a Sus-ex magistrate, and was educated at Rochester, Kind's College, London, and University College, Oxford. In 1853 he won the ?'Ntswdigate Prize' with ' a poem on ' Belshazzar's Feast.' He graduated, in 1854, and ihen became second master at King Edward VI. 's School at Birmingham. After a time he wai appointed principal of the Government Sanskrit College at Poona. On Mb return to England in/1861 .he joined the editorial staff of the Daily Telegraph, and to him was largely due the dispatching of the late Mr. George Smith upon his Assyrian explorations and the sending of Mr. Stanley after Dr. Livingstone. Among the numerous volumes which . he has issued may '-e mentioned ' Poems,' published in 1853 ; ' The Indian Song of Songs,' in 1875 ; 'The Light of Asia,' in 1879 j 'Indian Poetry,' in 1881; 'Pearls of the Faith' in 18S3 ; ' The Song Celestial,' in 1885 ; « Lotus and Jewel,' in 1888 ; and ' The Light of the World,' yet later. His latest great work is ' With Sa'di in the Gar den.' What lover of English verse has not lin gered over these verses as thev appear in Arnold's beautiful poems, beginning *' She Is D«ad ?' ' She is dead,' they said to him, ' come away. Kiss her 'and leave her ; tfay love is clav.' * .*. . . * # But he who loved her too wall to dread The eweet, the stately and the beautiful dead. He lit his lamp and took the key And turned it — alone again, he and she, He and she ! — yet «he did not speak. Though he kissed, as of old, tbe quiet cheek, H-* and she ! — yet she did not emiie Thongh he called her the name she loved ere* while. * * * . # ' Then the bereaved one asks, concerning the sensations of the dead : ' I would tell you, darling, if I were dead ( And. 'twere your hot tears on my pale brow shed. You should not ask vainly with streaming eyes, Which of all death was the greatest surprise.' # ? * * % And the dead answers that the strangest and the sweetest' thina: in death was to know that he still loved hw; still caressed her, and that she could still be conscious of it. .. ? ? ? Lewis Morris. Swinburne. William Morris. Robert Buohanan. Sir Edwin Arnold. 