pa iTBCTioiir v. inmi teade. At all times and in ali countries fis cal questions, especially those connec ted with the Customs Tariff, hare been of great interest nnd impor tance, and at times also have become burnimr questions. Ths promises to happen m Western Australia, and that, too, in the very early stages of her political freelom. Surrounded by or adjacent to a number of pro vinces which we are told f-houM be one in sentiment nnd interest, but which havo for years, w Mi the one exception of Hew South Wales, adop ted 'cut-throat tariffs,' provinces which lia*e absolutely pouivd their manufactures and products into Wes tern Australja unlet nnd unhixdered, therai* little reason to l-e surprise 1 at the backward condition of tho colony. Ofr jpusloms Tariff will atone esplaiiijup position, compared with that o§pui6 other colonies of Australia. w|&v;, of course, Htnrted with nn iinmenso odvnntugc in regard in the early development of their great mineral resource-*, which in duced marked agricultural and indus trial a tivity. llut Western Austra lia, despite her all round backward eondttt'-u, has continued to freely open her ports nnd her markets to the products of the rest of Australia And the world, with the result that local indnstt-ies have virtually never had no much as a ghost of a chance. We havo eaten their bread and potatoes, th-ir bacon and their cheese, indeed we have allowed ourselves to bo vir tually swamped with their products and manufactures, and have not moved a hand to assist indus tries and products for which we know fall well Western Australia is in all respects as well adapted as any other colony on fie continent. But wo are commencing to see what a huge mis take we have ben making, and that a continuinco of the present policy spells ruin, that we are— as tho mom ber for York recently pointed out f o his constituents — in the position of the spendthrift — we ore spending more than we are receiving ; and tht« can only have one result. Last year we imported half a million more of goods and products of various kinds in excess of our export*, and it is impossible that wo can keep up this enormous drain, It win be argued by someono that the cause of this vt the inability to prodluc - a suf ficiency of some articles in the first instance, and in the next tho inability to produce others economically and to sell them at a price which will not press hardly upon the consumer. Out nil this sort of aasertiou the majority of people in Western Australia kaotr Ho be the most arrant nonsense. If local productions had not been beaten out of the field by foreign articles brought here very often as so much ballast, Western Australia would to a great extent be feeding and clothing . herself by this time, and would be turning her attention to foreign mar kets for the sale of her surplus pro ducts. $ut for the enormous leakage which has bpen referred to the colony would be on the high road to commer cial prosperity. But with a tariff which opens wide tho door to foreign product*, including those which the colony could produce in abundance, and of tho best quality, rur.il and manufacturing industries are almost at a standstill, and the colony is being drained of the money which chould be devoted to its internal trade and do vcl«»pment. The worst of it is too the present tariff is neither fr e- trade nor protection, nor is it .in the lensfc encouraging to industries which could And should be prospering. We have ?all tho evils of free trade to cope with, with tbo first cost of protection added 4o them. There are still some who icmnot refrain from chasing the tree itr.ide phant«t«y, nnd who boldly aver it lint it would be beneficial to the com munity if we opened our ports and markets for ' free o change.' They will not xvcogtvso that- there is no such thiug nowadays as Tree cxhangc, and that these Australian colonies, as portions of the one contiri2Ufc,find tint tho great bar to thciv federation are the questions of Customs Tariffs and border duties. Tin's is felt in an es pecial manner even by those co'onies which, unlike ourselves, possess the enormous advantage of railway com munication oao with the other. And we, who have no railway connection, who, to quote tho recent words of the Premier in Melbourne, might for all practical purposes he an island in the Indian Oci an, are asked to give our selves over to the enemy even more completely than we have already doac ! Tho idea is absurd. It is time that «e buckled o ?» the same armour as our enemies and fought them with their own weapons, and wo shall be lacking in courage and patriotism if wo do not do so. The first thing we must protect arc the products of t he soil — articles of o very-day consump tion, and ordinal y uccosiiftries for the pro J action of which this colony is thoroughly capable, and which it only needs sufficient encouragement and fostering en re 1 1 produce in equal abuniiance and of equal quality with the other provinces of the continent. Wo must completely shut imported flour out of the market, and we must give the maximum amount of en couragement to the production of butter, cheese nnd bacon, and as a consequence as much discouragement as possible to their importation. By this nrmis we shall soon remove a b'ofc and a blemish on the good nnme and reputation of tho colony, which «re that, with its vast territory, fertile soil and excellent climate, it h s*i!l nnab'c t« feed its own po pic. We must stimulate manufactures by ad mitting raw mnietia's, for the pro duction of which this colony is not adapt*? I, at low rates i»f duty, and heavily (axing the manufactured articles ; and by this mean* we shall make the colony pelf-reliant and in time self- supporting, as well as n largo producer and eource of supply to foreign marke's. There should be no half measures ; the protection of thiaor that industry must be thorough and complete. The whole basis -f the argument of the free ttade ad vocites is complete reciprocity, which is a thing unknown, as Free Trade England has found to her cost, and the non-existence of which in Aus tralia lias driven New South Wales to Protection. Is Western Australia to neglect her interests and her in dustriPA jn tho pursuit ©f an exploded theory P But it is unnecessury to ask such a question, The thing to do is to c xpoee the Free Trade fallacy and to prove the Protectionist posi tion ; and this wo shall endeavour to do ere tl e question of Customs Re form is dealt with by Parliament. 