WILBFLOWER. ? v , ? — Book VIII. CHAPTER L Town. Two years since Avice Hera came to I.ondon. Twice three hundred and sixty jive days of births, deaths, and marriages iave gone the ways-of all days since the jjnaidian and ward parted at Branscombe Hallway Station and began the world Both have begun it by stepping back wards as it were, and moulding their future by the past ; by living — so far as the retrogression is possible — -the old times over again with friends long since left behind by the wayside, both wondering jnayiap why the flowers are not as bright and fresn aB 'when they gathered them years ago. There is no living the past over again — though we sit down to the same table, and have for companions on each side and around us the dear comrades of a bygone era ; though we talk of the age that has flown, and made no change in our friend ship, or follow' those pursuits that have been once our' calling or our pleasue, there is still something jarring about all we do and say, and we find ourselves not the men of that time, but only the caricatures of ^hat we have been. Mr. Stanmore is in office. He has left Sanderstone, and Olverton House is in the hands of the stranger. His own ability, backed by many friands at court, has procured him another secretaryship, although not at the old office near Whitehall, and he now buries himself in papers, studies statistics, takes to the hours of 10 till 4, is a sharp practical man of business, and a good ser vant to the Crown. He has not won many hearts in his new character — the Stanmore of Whitehall was a good tempered, good looking fellow, with a smile for every man in the office, and not a whit too proud to give him good-day when he met him face to face; but this Stanmore is a stern dark-faced gentle man, who looks not to the' right or the left, upon whose ear words Beem to fall unheedingly, a man who passes not lightly over the escapades of Ms subor dinates, and is not backward, when occa sion requires, in severe comment concern ing them. He occasionally associates with Ms compeers $ he dines with them now and then, and gives a formal dinner party in return at his ugly-looking house in Great George-street, Westminster. And Wildfiower? Well, she thought that she should have been happier. She had anticipated everything that could make her happy with her old friends ; and jet she often finds herself stealing up to her own room for one of those ' good thinks,' which she used to enjoy at Sanderstone. She is quite a prim, sober little lady, now that she has come of age and received her legacy. ' Just as much chance o7 being married,' nays the cook to the under house maid, ' as Missus or Missus Badge.' Avice tries hard enough to be happy ; and Ififi3 Wrickerton and Martha- Badge, not observers of the first water, believe the days are too short for her light heart : and good spirits, and congratulate them lelves in having gained so desirable a' companion. Their only fear appears to b© that of losing her, of some one meeting her in the Btreet (for Bhe will go out alone at times notwithstanding all remonstrance), falling desperately in love with her, fol lowing her home, coming into the house, and insisting upon being considered en gaged to her before he leaves the premises. Avice not only tries hard to be happy, tint tries hard to believe she must be. What is there to cross her save a few Etraj memories which everybody ha», and puts up with, learning from them a lesson of endurance? She is loved by those two old women as a daughter is loved ; no hope of a family has ever been bo petted, or made so much of. Nothing is too good for ' our Avice,' no attention IB out of place to her, no oae half so ami able or good-looking in all London ! It is a fine house in one of the London e^uares wherein Avice is a dweller ; and perhaps its contrast to Olverton House and Sanderstone makes her life - dulL Perhaps London air does not agree with her 3 per haps even the companionship of Miss Wriukerton and Martha Badge is not on the whole so suitable for her as that of Mr. Stanmore and his daughter. ' 2vo, no, not that,' thinks Avice. ' I love them both too well to be miseralrle because they do not understand me some times, or because I have no one of my own age, taste, or pursuits to converse with and call a friend. I don't know what it is. It's rny own wicked disposition, I suppose; and I must keep it down.' She has not spent a summer month with Rosamond yet} but she is going to the Hall this summer — that is, in a week or too — and shall then aee Eosamond's little VT- and that little boy's mamma who Writes such long, letters, and .who is still Bo happy J Avice has been to look at the old office near Whitehall, has stood in the street, and gazed up at its xnany~-.windows, re calling the time when her tiny feet used t° patter along the -corridors, and up *nd down, the - winding stairs, after her grandfather and Mrs. Badge, as he or she 'frent 'the rounds' in the -dusk of the evening, barring and closing the' ponderous shutters, and locking all the doors. She 3as even been as far as the tailings, and looked down -at the 'housekeeper's room,' Pondering if Mr. Mackins and his wife (they were married before her grandfather ?^Min hisgrave) were still there, and ever remembered the'Herns. She has been ex fr&vagant; enough, also, to trust herself with «« all inannex, of people '' on a cheap steamboat plying between Westminster &nd; London Bridges, and has had a good io°k at. the back of the place, at the *i&dow; of her. own little zoom, and at the stone -wall of. the -igarderi on which old flem used to sit and take snuft' : ;i. AH I gentle reader, ? we ; dare ,' pay you 'an your time have had Buch' fancies as the Wine' of this book*- amd been' -nona the 'forBe for $h6ffi7 Hay^you meyer found Xourself standing ^eforetke home dfye^M aSo ; the. home whose Tooms ;3no~ m6^a,:©chc 10 jour tread, and WhOBs roof is to jsheltei Jou never ^acaui^- -'Ha^^u loi^A «^^ ^e wiudows tMnkmg ©£^ the past, and murmured, ' There was I born,' or ' There slept my brothers,' or *' There died my dear mother 1' and turned away at last with the'blihding tears in the: eyes, and a sense of something like holi ness throbbing at the heart P Did- not all the years spent since that time appear for a moment but a dream, till- you woke to reality, and to - the consciousness of strange faces peeri&g; curiously at you from over the blinds, or to the ghost of a place, dark and haunted, with' This House to Let ' -staring from it in the biggest of black capitals ? _.-.-?? In one of these rambles Avice comes face to face -with Mr. Clifton. He is hurrying along, with ? flying hair, flying coat, and plenty of flying thoughts, and Just glances at her as he passes. Avice experiences a tremor in every limb, which is followed by a feeling of relief to find that he has passed her, which ends in another revulsion of feeling as he comes flying back again, and intercepts her progress. 'Hiss Hern! I did not think that I could be mistaken.' He extends his hand,' and shakes hers warmly; and Avice has to say twice, ' How do you do, Mr. Clifton?'- before he appears to comprehend. ? , ? ' I am quite well, thank you,' he says. 'But are you alone? Do you expect a friend?', ? , ? ' No, Mr. Clifton,' she answers. ' I am sometimes rash enough to venture forth without an escort.' . ' London streets are not the green lanes of Sanderstone, Miss Horn,' he says, ' but — may I claim the privilege of an old friend?' ' No, no ; I am detaining you. I have only ? ' ' For a few moments,' he urges. Avice takeB his arm somewhat timidly ; and there are those two old lovers straying along together. Could the duchess of the Shrubbery but have had that wonderful perspective glass of Prince Ali's, what a horrible morning she would have .spent ! - But there is no cause for fear. Avice feels no fluttering in her breast after the first shock of meeting ; she is aB calm, : composed and lady -like as if her chaperon was her brother. She feels assured that the love she has had for him is no longer a trouble some occupant of her heart. She can hardly imagine they were once going to be married at Sanderstone Church. He is ' an old friend ' — nothing more to her. ' So you are living in London, Mies Hern,' he says. ' I have always had an impression that you were at the hall with Rosamond.' . A flush sweeps across his face as he adds.: ' And Mre. Hern, she is well, I trust F' 'Yes, thank you. We correspond of course.' ' Of ' course,' he reiterates ; ' and Mr. Stanmore ?' ' I have seen him but once in two long years,' she replies ; ' then he wai well, but looking pale' ' Witu whom are— ?' He stops short in his inquiry. ' 1 have been residing with old friends since the death of Miss Stanmore.' ' Oh ! indeed.' He makes no further comment upon A vice's change of life, but darts to another subject. ' Have you seen my mother lately, Miss Hern?' ' Not since I left Sanderstone.' ' I was at Sanderatone three weeks ago. I spent a few days there — spent - them entirely at the Shrubbery, dedicating them to the mother I have long abandoned.' 'Your mother enjoys good health, I hope ?' says Avice. 'Very good health, I thank you,' he answers. ' She has been persuading me to return to the Shrubbery; and I have been using my best endeavors to induce her to come to London, and keep house for me ; and 1 hope in time to come off: vic torious. ' You must misB your mother very much.' ' Yes,' he replies, ' and I feel myself an ingrate for having deserted her ; but as you are aware — for I find my mother has be trayed my secret — my presence in London is often most essential.' ' You have adopted literature as a pro fession, I have heard ?' ' Ah ! and what a glorious profession it is!' ' To the successful writer,' adds Avice. '. I can imagine no profession more honor able or more pleasant — but to, the poor scribes, men without name*, men whose existence is ignored by their more fortu nate brethren- — there can be nothing more pitiable or humiliating.' ° 'True, true.'' says -Clifton ; 'but then it is in their power to choose another pro fession more suitable to their small abili ties.' Very proudly is that sentence uttered, with a full consciousness -of his own superior qualifications, and with a perfect knowledge of his position in the world of letters. Clifton has been a lucky man, there has been no up-hill journey over _ stony roads ..for him— r^a bound from the,, crowd of unknowns to the topmost branch of the tree. Whether his genius be worthy o£ his exalted -position or not matters little to the f purport of thiB tale, but Avice Hern feels how different an individual he is to the Edward Clifton who bade her. a long good-bye .at Olverton House— feels that with all his genius, and hie success in life, she could, never experi ence those same feelings to wards him which she has_ entertained- for the poet in the bud. ? ????? -???'' ;':- ??-;?? -. . ? - . ' He may not have forgotten Avice— may have found the Avice of the past shine the brighter in contrast to those crowds of fair, ones he has since sat beside, and talked nonsense tor-r-may have met ?with .few in his new sphere to remind hiin of his second love— may have remembered amidst all the ; pride which has grown upon him, and aR the -overweening estdniate pf'his own im portance, that courtship began in jealousy and ended 3H its jdaypf brightest promise, and remernbered i^aieio ^i^wn^ feelings; of regret- . '.Tv'/^l-^-.^.V' / ? ^'^^':~-':,-:. ''-fr'.-? After a pause, ^tefe^.^:*^;-M^oBe past dayB .-Mi. San&^topB-^ot ;*J^?,«ton*I^ friend^ ':^^^M^s^-^'^^w^^M^^^^ .*hB square. ?«-;- ^^J^-^:^::^^^:^:^':i^i « a?hifl is your iolace lof TeRderisee/? ; sa^ 'Ycb.' ' I shall call now and then, for the sake ►Of old times.' , . Avice murmurs an unintelligible -reply. . ^ I shall lend you the proof-sheets of iny' next book, Miss Avice,' he says, 'perhaps you migiit be kind enongh to offer a sug-j gestion — I. remember you a clever critic.' ' No, no,' cries Avice quickly. ?' I ? ' She checks herself and adds more calmly, -? ' ? ' Great authors take no advice but their own, Mr. Clifton.' 'Yes, but— 'he* stops, silently shakes hands with her, and goes away in a medi tative mood. * The next day - comes a packet of hand somely bound, volumes — his works. There is no note attached, but 'the kind regards of th« author,'' is scrawled upon the fly leaf. Avice is doubtful whether she ought to return the books or not — and yet they aTe Ms own writings, and the action would be something very like an insult. Miss Wrickerton and Mrs. Badge think it ex tremely mysterious, and the latter lady tells Miss Wrickeuton in confidence, ' that he used Ho be their dear Avice's young man once, but there was a terrible quarrel and tfc«y broke it off.' 'He* must have been in the wrong,' says Miss Wrickerton, in a tone implying her unshaken conviction of that fact, ' and, therefore, my dear Mrs. Badge, you may rely upon it, he's no better than he should be.' The young man no better than he should be, makes a morning call a few days after this, much to the suppressed indignation of Miss' Wrickerton, who receives him with most frigid courtesy. ' t have to thank you for those volumes, Mr. Clifton,' says Avice. ' I wish you had reserved them for one better able to appreciate them. . I am no judge of poetry' ' You will understand them, at least,' he replies, ' and it is not every reader can do that.' 'Conceited as a peacock,' thinks Miss Wrickerton. He lingers till the last moment talking to Avice of poetry and Sanderatone, and paying great attention to Miss Wrickertou. When he has gone, Martha Badge comes in (she never sees company on any pre tence whatever) and looks hard at Avice. Avice colors and laughs. ' You need not be afraid, Mrs. Badge.' ' ' I thank the Lord for that I' ' Well, I didn't like to say anything before, my dear,' asserts Miss Wrickerton, 'but I'm very glad to hear you say so. He was your young man once, Mrs. Badge tells me.' ' Yes,' replies A. vice, still blushing. ' A curious young man, stuck up, no doubt — ahl he'd never do for my Avice.' ' I never could abide poets,' affirms Mrs. Badge, 'nor poetry, nor any such non sense.' ' I hope he won't come again,' adds Miss Wrickerton. ' You must find it painful to see him, my dear. It must be always very painful to see the man whom we were once going to marry, heigho !' Miss Wrickerton heaves an unconscious sigh, and falls into an odd train of thought, from which Avice makes no effort to arouse her. ., : ; .„ . .; ? .. She is thikking deeply herself— thinking it is very foolish of Edward Clifton to come and see her, and undoubtedly, very painful, as Miss Wrickerton observed a moment or two ago. It may be the common politeness of a friend, but still it is foolish— she hopes that it is his last visit, she is sure she .does not want to see him any more. She can hardly keep from crying for no possible reason in the world — everything seems strange and curious that day. There 1b a morning paper on a side table, and she snatches it- up, and forces herself to read all the leading articles. In another column of the newspaper there is a critique on a new work, called 'The State,' a heavy long-winded critique, garnished with extracts, ^which discourse upon Par liament and debates and figures, but she reads it all through attentively — reads it twice over, and forgets all about the young man who is no better than he should be. (to bb continued.) 