FICTION. bon katfl.t, Amarlcaa, and Olbar Periodical,. PAULINA LISLE. THIRD PART. CHAPTER III.-(Continued.) j "To be married!" Lord Montalien's face waa startled and pale as he repeated it. " Certainly, She wrote to me the night before she left home. I have the letter yet. She told me she was going to be married." "Did she tell yon to whom ?" His heart was beating quick as he asked the question, though he knew what the answer would be. " No. To some one above her in rank, though, I know. Lord Montalien, don't yon suspect it was one of the gentlemen staying at your place last month ?" He had had time to control him3elf, otherwise the gaze of the large, earnest eyes must have dis- concerted him horribly. > "'MÍSB Lisle, I have tlought, I have snspected ! She left late in the > evening. Have you heard who .. travelled with her up to London ?" 'fiOt course not ! I have heard nothing but what her her own letter tells me, aud a few brief lines from Duke Mason, saying she was gone, no one f knew where or why. Who went with her up to London ?" " Miss Lisle, will you take my arm ? They are going in to dinner. And will you forgive me if I -do not answer your question. She was your friend -it is not from my lips yon should hear the name of her companion." I 'fDo you mean your brother ?" she demanded, I "abruptly. .t I am sorry to say-I do." I " Then I don't btlieve one word that she ran away to be married to him !" answered Miss Lisle, I »seitLcalm decision. " She never cared for him, and he never paid her the least attention whatever. He may have gone with her up to London, but I ^m'quite certain your brother is not the man whom *she has married." "If she be married!" Lord Montalien said, srung to bitters ess by har words. Miss Lisle did not blush one whit. She looked at him with sur- prised, unshamed eyes ; the open, fearless gaze of perfect innocence. *""' "Of course she is married !" sue said j "she told me she was going to be. Do you think she would run away to seek her fortune alone in London ? There were other gentlemen at the Priory last September, beside your brother, I suppose ?" "Three others-Allan Fane, Sir Harry Gordon, and Captain Villiers." " And yourself ?" " And myself." She looked at him searchingly a moment; his face baffled her. Sho turned away and resumed Tier dinner with a resolute air. "I shall find ont," she said, quietly; "I am going down to Speckhaven the day after to-morrow to spend a week,-1 shall find out." ' " Going down to Speckhaven," he echoedj " to spend a week with your old friend Mason I presume." ' " Yes ¡ dear old Duke ! He will be glad to see me. And I Bhall find out all about Alice Warren." Lord Montalien was by no means allowed to monopolise the heroine of the evening' Sir Vane had invited several very eligible men] ana" Miss Lisle's beauty and spirited < style of conversation had. already produced considerable impression. Her manner was1 sim ply perfect; a belle of four seasons could not have been more entirely aúd gracefully at ease. She talked very much better than most young ladies. Paulina was clever, and had ideas of her own, and it was quite refreshing to some of those men about town ta hear her fresh views of people and things. She was charming ; that was the universal verdiot- beautiful beyond ' 'doutt, accomplished and rich. She sang after dinner, and her rich voice astonished her hearers, so full, so< sweet. " She is equal to Patti !" was the verdict of moro than one present, " It is a superb-SopranoV * ' Altogether, Miss Lisle's first appearanoe, though her part this evening was a small one, was lan entire success. Lord Montalien found himself fas- cinated in a way he could not understand. ' She was so unlike the ordinary,English mies he was accustomed to ; she was so piquant, so sparkling, so brightly handsome and audacious, that she bewil- dered him. She possessed thai apell irresistible in man or woman-the gift of fasoination-he* joyous laugh, herringing voice, the bright flash of her eyes, took your heart by storm before you knew it. Miss LiBle had said, m all honesty, that she meant to go down to Speckhaven in two dayB ; but ^ ' with the best of intentions, the sincercst affection for her two friends there, two weeks elapsed before the promised visit was made. London might be empty to some people, and the season over, but to this young lady, fresh from her twilight convent life, it was the most populous and delightful of cities. She went out continually} and October was very near its close when, one frosty evening, Miss Lisle opened the little garden gate of Duke Mason, and walked through the open front doox. There wure changea, many and great, in herself, but not one here. The roses and gera- niums bloomed in perennial freshness, the old o»; ftasked on the hearth, and the old order, silence, and cleanliness prevailed, and Rosanna on her knees was toasting mullins for tea. Two arm« went around her neck, and an impetuous kiss, the only kiss poor Rosanna had received since she had said good-by to her nursling, was piessed upon her withered cheek. Duke oame in presently. The firelight shone redly through the room, the lamp homed on the mantel, the table was spread for supper, and a graceful, girlish figure sat on a low stool, fresh and beautiful aa a rosebud. Duke stood a second^ regarding this picture, then ad- vanced with outstretched hand. " Well, Duchess," he said, as if they had parted two weeks instead of two years before, " you have come back, after all." And so " Polly" was home again, but somehow it was not the Polly of old. The fault was not hera : she strove to be in all things precisely the girl who had left them, but she sat before them, a tall young lady, out of their world altogether, with the new dignity of dawning womanhood upon her ; educated, refined, rich, handsome, fairer than ever, but never again little Polly. Late in the evening of the ensuing day, Mr. Allan Fane, busily at work since early morning, threw down brushes and palette, lighted a cigar, and Btarted for his daily, brisk, twilight walk. On this particular evening, his steps tnrned shore- ward ; he strolled along through the lamplit town, and down to Speckhaven sands. The Cave was a favorite resort of his, where he could sit and smoke and watch the gray, whispering sea, and think, perhaps, of the girl who had first brought him there. He was thinking of her now as he advanced along the shingly path, whence she had long »go led him. The last rays of the fading daylight were in the cold, gray sky ; pale yellow gleams of wintry brightness lighted the west, and there was a ring of Bharpness in the evening air. His steps echoed loudly on the sands, and a quiet figure standing at the entrance of the Cave, watching those pale-yellow gleams, turned at the sound. And he and Paulina Lisle stood face to face ! He turned pale at the sight. He had not dreamed she was in Speckhaven. He had been thinking of her, imagining her radiant in her new life, and here she rose up before him, like a spirit in the gloam- ing! She recognised him immediately, and held ont her hand, with her frank, bright smile. " It is Mr. Fane I" she cried. " The very last person I expected to see ! Lord Montalien men- tioned your being at the Priory, too, but I bad actually forgotten all about it." Yes-the whole story was told in those lightly spoken words-she had " forgotten all about it," and all about him, as completely as though he badi never entered her life. He had loved her as honestly and strongly as an honester and stronger man-he had given her up of his own accord, and he had no right to complain. But the bitter sense of loss was ever there-the brilliant, spirited face haunted him by night and day ! " Well," said Miss Lisle, " you don't look very cordial, I must say ' Do you take me for a ghost, or a mermaid, Mr. Fane ? You see I have been paying visits allJday to my old friends ; and this, my sea-side grotto, is the last on the list. And now I really must go home. Poor Rosanna has a horror of night dews and night winds. She takes me to be a fragile blossom, that a sharp,1 autumn blast would nip in twain. If you won't say any- thing else, Mr. Fane, perhaps you will say good- night!" She laughed-Polly's sweet, gay laugh-drew her sliiwl closer about her, and turned to go. She was very simply dressed,' in a dark merino, a soft gray shawl, and a little pork pie hat, with a scarlet bird's wing. But though he saw her often after in silks and roses, the queen of the ball, never did ehe look lovelier than at that1 moment. He spoke with something of an effort-good Leavens, how cold and commonplace the words sounded ! " You/*will permit me to see you home. Miss Lisle -it will Be quite dark before you are half way, and the town is full of strangers, down for the October meeting." A provoking smile dawned on her face. She had not entirely forgotten the past, and the temptation to give him a small stab was irresistible. " I am not the least afraid ; thanks, very much, Mr. Fane. And, besides-it is quite unpardonable of me to Bay it-I am afraid, but I have heard that Mrs. Fane is-jealous! Do you think she would mind very greatly if I permitted you to escort me home ?" He looked at her-a dark, painful flush rising on his face. " You are merciless," he said. " You had your revenge" two years ago, on the day you gave me back my ring ! You might spare me now !" " The ring you presented the same night to Miss Hautton. I saw it oh her finger when I dined at the Priory. Please don't try to be sentimental, Mr. Fane ; I have grown dreadfully old and wise since that foolish time, and pretty speeches are quite thrown away upon me, I assure you. And you may walk home with me-let us hope Mrs. Fane will never hear of it." Her eyes were laughing -wickedly. Indeed, it was a weakness of this heroine of mine. " She is always laughing-that Miss Lisle," an aggrieved admirer had said ; " and the deuce of it is a man doesn't know whether she is laughing with him'or at him." " Pretty speeches are thrown away upon you, are they ?" ¿aid Mr.1 Fane, as they walked along, side by side. '"Í can believe iti-Burfeited with them as you are. Do you know what Madame Rumour says, MIBB Lisle ?" " Very scandalous things, no doubt. What ?" "That you are to be presented next season as my Lady-Montalien !"' ? ' "> i " Then''Rumor tells most unconscious fibs !" ans- wered Paulina, carelessly. "lam not !" . "You never liked Francis Earlscourt." "Didn't I?" "You don't like Lord Montalien." "Don't I?" ' "Miss Lisle, jon know you don't! Your face telle the story of your likes and dislikes plainly enough." " I must be very ungrateful, very unjust, if I do not. Lord Montalien is most kind, most comrteous, and we are all coming down to spend Christmas and the hunting season at the Priory. To speak ill of one's future host, in his absence, is a return of hospitality not strictly Arabian." , " And how does London life suit you ?" " Oh, excessively. I have been out every night since my return, and I don't kaonr the meaning of the word fatigue; and-I look forward to-next season as a child to a holiday. Do you know" her .girlish pleasure shining m her great eyes "the Duchess of Clanronald is going to present me?" " You are to be envied, Miss Lisle. Andaf ter one or two brilliant seasons, the Morning Posi will announce a brilliant marriage." He could not hulp harping on thi» string. He had lost her and be loved her now as we do love the things we have for ever lost. "Well, yea," said tin; young lady, ooolly; "I hope BO. Every body marries, and I suppose I shall after four or five seasons, when I am quite-oh, quite an elderly per.-.ou of four or five and twenty -some fine old rJnglieh gentleman who' has a gi eat «state. Ate yon quae^ulone at the Priory, Mr. Fane; and mi^ht cue ask why you bury your- self alive there?" ' I "I am working hard, Miss Lisle, atid I find in ! spiration in the air of Speckhaven. Doyou recol- lect the ' Rosamond and Eleanor V ' Yes, I see yon * it do-I am finishing that for the spring exhibition." She looked at him saucily. " And what little country girl have you chosen for fair Rosamond now ! Please be merciful as you are strong, Mr. Fane, and don't turn her head with your flatteries." " I paint my Rosamond from memory-my .Eleanor is one of the housemaids at the Priory-a tall, black-browed, Roman-nosed young woman. And I am quiet alone up in the big, rambling old mansion. Guy was with me dnring the races, but he has gone." " Ah ! Guy Earlscourt ! Do you know I have never met him yet ? and the people speak of him as though he were the man in the Iron Mask, or Guy Fawkes, or anything else dreadful. Mrs. Gal- braith calls him ' a detrimental,' whatever tha may be. Pray, what has that unhappy young man done ?" " Nothing to any one save himself. You have beard of the road to ruin, I suppose P Well, he has been going at a gallop along that highway for the last three years. The end must come1 very soon now. If his old grand aunt does not die, and leave him her money, he-must, -in a few months at the most, send in his papers to sell, and fly the country. He is involved beyond redemption. Mrs. Galbraith is quite right ; in a marriageable point of view he is a detrimental." " Poor fellow," Paalina said, her eyes softening. " I am sorry ! I used to like him very much. He was so handsome." " And is still. I wonder his handsome face has not won him an heireaB long ago. It would, I think, if he tried, bat he seems to have no time." " If he is ruined, as you say, how does he live ?" " By a well-made betting book, by a run of luck at cards, by cleverly written magazine articles. Once or twice his aunt has paid his debts-he tells me she has refused to do it again. He has gone across to Germany for the autumn cacea." ' , i They had reached the house now, and Rosanna waa waiting anxiously in the door- way. - Miss Lisle bade him good tight, and Allan'Fane strolled homeward through the sharp'October night, think ing-well, not of his wife. I Sir Vane Charteris came down for his ward at the expiration of a week, and Paulina went with him ' very willingly. It was pleasant to see her old friends no doubt, but life in Duke Mason's house seeemed hopelessly dull to her now. Ia there ever any go- ing back in this world P Had she never left it she would have grown up there happy and content ¡ rio wshe could "ncTmoreTiäve taken up the old life than she could'have wept burning tears over the sorrows of Amanda Fitzïllân. On the" night of her return she went to see Ristori in "Mary Stuart." The house was full,the' actress magnificent, and Miss Lisle, in pale, flowing silks and peärla; looked'charming. Two or three of ¡ her admirers wera in the box ; and when the first act was nearly'over there entered Lord Montalien. His eyes lighted as they fell on her, hers gave him the briefest.'eoldesfc possible glance. She did'not like Lord'Montalien. The girl's perceptive facul- ties were very keen. She knew him to "be false and cruel, smooth and deceitful. The expression of his mouth revolted Her; the hard, cold glitter of his ¿yes made her shrink away. " I hope you found all your friends at Speckhaven quite well,"1 he said to her as the curtain went down. . ' ' " Quite," she answered briefly, .' all who re- mained." . " Ah ! you allude, of course-" " "I allude, of course,'to my dearest friend, Alice Warren. I told yon when I went to Speckhaven 7. should penetrate the mystery of her flight, and-? have failed." There was a satisfied smile just perceptible about his mouth-gone in an instant. " I feared you would. Her father could tell you nothing." " Nothing that you had not already told me that your brother travelled with her up to town." " Then Guy is the man. Are you satisfied now that my suspicions are right ?" " Would you like me to tell you whom I do sus- pect, my lord?" " Undoubtedly." She looked at him-full, bright, dauntless, and answered : "You!" "MisuLiele!" " My lord, your brother Guy was never the man Alice left home to marry. She never cared for your brother-she did for you. Guy may have travelled with her up to London-h B acknowledges it, indeed, but he had no part in her flight. He went to Mr. Warren's house, and told him so, and the old man believes him. He tells, frankly enough, his share in the business. He met her at tbe railway station, he travelled with her in the same carriage, and at her request he drove with her to her destination. That destination he refuses to tell-she bound him by promise herself not to do so; and Mat hew Warren does not urge him to reveal it. He is bitterly, cruelly angry-he never wishes to hear her name-if she came to his door a wedded wife he would not take her in. He will never forgive her -he will not lift a finger to seek her. But I will !" -the blue eyes flashing-"I shall find her, and that before long !" "May I aBkwhat you mean to do?" "IjBhallJadvertise-I shall employ the best de- tectives in London-I will move heaven and earth to-find her." " And when she is found, will she thank you, do you think,'for thustforcing her from the privacy she seems to desire ?" "She will forgive me-we loved each other. Lord Montalien, will you tell me the truth ? Will you acknowledge you know; where she "is?" "Miss Lisle, from any other lips the question would be an insult. I know nothing of Alice Warren. Wherever she is-whosoever's wife she may be-she is not mine. Will you not believe me, when I pledge you my honour, I speak the truth ?" She turned from him, and back to the stage, as the curtain went up on the next scene. Her face was set with an expression new to every one who saw her. ' " I shall never rest until I know the truth ; I will never desist until I discover this secret. I Bhall find Alice Warren if she be in England, and the man who promised to make her his wife." 