ACTA. POPULI. ?' ? : . ? ? — ♦ ? -:. BX THE FliANEUE. ' Churches, as a rule, appear to be in a chronic state of impecuniosity, and some of their officers resort to all sDrts of devices for making up the arrears and putting the Church on what they con sider a prosperous footing.' That ia the plain statement of facto put forward by 'Purity,' a church-going scribe ia the Australian Secordj which is the representative organ of the Anglican party here. Very pointedly ' Purity ' hints that nis co-reiigiomscs nave iooc raiua m cue gooa oia motto, 'The Lord will provide,' and nor/ put their trust in the opposite saying, ' Heaven helps those who help themselves.' Ths latter adage is put into practice by the holding of churoh ba zaars, church 'social?,' and the like, but the people are evidently wearying of those vanities now, for they barely pay expensec, and the originators of them are often in tne same uncle sirnble fis aa the poor French comedian in London who, after many annual attempts to replenish his empty purse by means of benefits, came forward one evening with a face beaming with pleasure and gratitude, and addressed his audience thus—' Dear public, mocbe oblidge, indeed. Ver' good benefice— only lose half a crown dis time, Me come again? presently, soon, by-um-bye.' Bazaars and 'socials' having proved to be ao un profitable with our Protestant friends as the unlucky Frenchman's ' vet' good benefice,' ' Purity' has come to the rescue with a neat and decidedly novel little scheme of his own, which he thinks would be a great worldly success. With innocence (or grim sarcasm), '« Purity' says— ' Why not start a great ' Consultation' on the Melbourne Cup, open to all loyal sons o£ the Church and the sons of any other Churches who might wiBh to participate in its blessinga and privileges ? Such an event, with the spirit of gambling that is pievalent through all ranks of society, Christian or otherwise, would provoke the keenest interest and would have no lack of sub scribers. The fact that it would be conducted by Christian people would be the highest guarantee of its genuineness and fairness, and of its being carried out with the greatest honesty. The tenth of the amount of the ' Consultation' is the usual proportion retained by the promoters, but it could be pointed out to the winners subsequently that money obtained in this way could not possibly benefit them, but if handed buck to the Church, it would thereby be purified and made fit foi: the use of the Master.' The above proves that there is something new under the sun after all j but as Solomon never experienced any trouble in erecting his magnifi cent temples he may be pardoned for not foresee ing the decidedly novel suggestion which ' Purity' h&B; put forward. That a Church Con sultation on the Cup would pay seems certain^ but I am not quite sure that the fact of its being ' con ducted by Christian people' would inspire sub scribers with that implicit confidence in its genuineness and fairness which the author of the scheme appears to take for granted. Quite a number of persona placed their hard-earned money in Abigail's Bank simply on the strength of its being ' conducted by Christian people,' and we know how grossly their confidence was misplacedo As their Church finances are in such a parlous state, however, our dissenting friends would do well to give ' Purity's' plan a fair trial, and if ifc proved succeosful the sphere might be enlarged by Churoh cricket matches. Church cinder tracks, Church pony races, nnd even Church fights to a finish. ' Purity's' implicit belief that the status of his te Christian people' would materially help fco boom his Church gambling project reminds me that almost every swindler who has fallen into the 'skilly' of lato relied strongly upon the evidence ho brought forward to testify to hia character. Men who years ago deliberately laid themselves out to prey upon the credulity of the unsuspecting public and worked tho game for all that it was worth had no trouble whatever in getting clergymen, statesmen, and divers other influential persons to credit them with characters good enough to satisfy oven Diogenes if he was on earth searching round for an honest man once more. I noticed also that the richer a culprit was tho more witneaeea he could bring to declaro that he had always worn tho white flower of a spotless life. Money, like charity, covers a multitude of sins — on earth at least. Apropos to all this churactor chat is the tale told of tho captain of a mail boat who was once filling up his crew for a voyage, when a seaman came along and snid, ' I'd like to get a, berth with you, sir.' ' All right,' returned the akippor, 'what countryman are yon P' ' I'm an Irish man, and proud of that same,' was tho woituyi; reply. ' Very well, but you must firsfc got me some recommendation as to your character.' A few letters were obtained, and just as Pat was presenting them next day another sailor camo up and said he wanted to join, and then the following dialogue took place— ' What line wore you on before ?' ' Cunardj sir.' ' What countryman f' 1 Englishman, sir,' ' All right, sign, and go for ward.' A few weeks after, aa the two men were swilling the decks in a heavy sea, the English sailor was swept overboard, bucfret and all, and never seen again. Very coally Pat finished his job, seeing that there was no chance of rescue, and then going up to fche captain, he said, ' You remember Bill Brace, the Englishman and Cunarder, sir P' ' Yes, what about him ?' aBked the skipper. ' You took him on without a character ?' ' I did, bub what of that ?' 'Well,' returned Pat* ' psrhapa you'll hi as careful about the characters of the English a 3 yon are of those of the Irish for the future, for by gorra fche Eng lishman has gone clean away end he's taken your bucket with him also.' ' The law's delay ' was one of fche things which the vacillating Hamlet put forward &3 a justifica tion for suicide, and there are hundreds of unfor tunate suitors in our midst to day who have strong grounds for believing that there was a deal of sanity mined with the gloomy Dane's insanity when he made that remark. Of all the weariness this world holds to-day few other matters can be moL'e tedious on despair-breeding than that of hanging about a Court- house day after day, wait ing for a ensa in which one is interested to be celled for trial. Even whoa it is brought on it not unfrequently happens that the only business done is that of remanding it to another Sessions, and then the disgusted client, who perhaps has travelled hundreds of miles to be in attendance, feels in the same humour as Hamlet when he de clared that 'the lau's delay' made man's life not worth living. Scores of crimes go unpunished on this account, scores of debts are written off a3 ' bad,' simply because the persons wronged have had some bitter experience of ' the law's delay,' and so tho cause of justice is defeated by the very means which were established for its enforce ment. This is no Her/ grievance, however, for it was the subject of bitter complaint in the eighth and ninth centuries, when the guest Emperor Charle magne was the master, cine! to a great extent the law- give c of Europe, Having carefully studied the matter, Charlemagne decreed that whenever a judge failed to give a decision within a reasonable time, the complainant in the case should have the right to take up his re sidence in the Judge's house, to eat and drink at his table and lodge at his expense until the decision should be made. Fancy a Scotchman, accustomed to take his seven ' whuskieB' a day and a stifil ' night cap' at bed time, being quartered on Judge ' Waterbottle' Foster, or a strong-minded, self-assertive ' grass widovj' from tho Divorce Court being boarded and lodged by Mr. Justice Windeyec. Charlemagne's decree was promptly taken advantage of by various litigants, who at first praised their sovereign, to the highest and declared another Daniel had come to judgment as they filled themselves up with the choicest viands on their dilatory Judge's tables and turned in on their downy couches at night to dream the happy hours- away. Pretty soon, however,, they found that a Judge was a dangerous party to play any pranks upon, for it waa noticed that although Charlemagne's edict hunied the Judges up, still they got even with everybody ia the long run by always finding a verdict againsu the boarders who had been thrust upon them. It was a game at which two could play, and in the end suitors threw their cases up &he; moment it was hinted that they could avail themselves of the very doubtful bcon of a Judge's hospitality. Charle magne gave the business ' best' also, and do this great grievance passed down to the present day. Where there's a will there's a way—for the lawyers to scoop the pool—and contested wills still occupy a considerable portion of our Judges' time. No ghosts have been kind enough to give their valuable assistance in straightening out these matters since the spook appeared to the housemaid and brought the Ho^/ell case to a sudden close. I have just heard of one will case, however, which is worth attention, as it tends to emphasize the wisdom in tho proverb which ad vises us to ' let well alone.' An eccentric old widower who had lived apart from his son and daughter sold most of bia furni ture to a dealer, called in a lawyer, made out a fresh will, and then died. A will was found, but 10 was iiu Old one uuiiiii' uuiuti yuucb uu.uk, wuen a better feeling prevailed between father and son. In it the old man left the bulk of his property to his son, the daughter, who was not on speaking terms with her brother, receiving1 but a small legacy. f3he objected to the award, however, and declared that her father had cancelled tho will in queefcion by drawing up a later one in which she became entitled to the greater share of his wealth. TTjifortuuately neither the k-nfc will nor the witnesses eould bo found, but fcho girl wnu real sjsit, and with tho aid o£ u private detective she hunted sound for a consider able time until she at last succeeded it! discovering the missing will, which hat! been securely stitched in the lining of an old dress- coat ier father uood to wear. Then, accompanied by her lawyer, she called on her brother and bia lawyer and handed over the unopened will to be read, Thig was don?, but we can scarcely realize how tho brother and sister felt when they found that by his latest will their father had loffc every* thing he possessed to a distant relative in Canada, who soon afterwards claimed hi3 legacy and cleared ofx with every cent. Of late the £et7 aboriginals left ia this colony appear to have baau seized with a sudden craze for settling disputes after fcheii: own peculiar fashion, tor tribal fighta ore now of feequeat occurrence. As a rule a blackfellow's wai: ia about as sanguinary as a French duels bufc what is missed in the way of gore is amply made up by the row which both sides L'aice on ouch, occasions. The sky may be darkened with showers of DpeasQp the boomerangs may whire and whistle oe every aide, and the ' sickening thud 'of the hard nulla nullas descending on still haixlei1 foeadc may be heard for hours, and yet wheu the tereiblo hc&i-lB; is over all the casualties sreporfceol will be one blcckfellow with n broken toe, and too old gins who have soreeched fckemseivea hoeffse while encouraging fcheir blacking-bottle Hector and Achilles to wade in cud cecuiro the kidney fat ft-oni their respective foGo. Ia using their weapons our darkies are wonderfully espeirt , but the style in which they hop, okip5 and wriggle ont o2 danger is far moce auFpriaing, and muafc be seen to bo appreciated. . GteaeraHy speaking there is always a lady at the bottom of those tribal wars, but the latest fight v/ao oves? the 3till more important matter, to the wamora, o' a pair of second-hand trousera. Ifc appears that a doughty chief on the Maclecy bad been presented with the breeches in question aa a token of esteem, &c;, by a white admiarer, btat a member of a rival carap had stolen the lining out oS! the gasmen fc&. According to the Ective belieE the owner of the Srousera should! have token 6o his Dheet-oH-bark bed the moment he discovered the apoliatiou o£ his panto, and died of a broken heai?fc fco the alow music provided bythe 'poesum-8lria° thumping female orchestra o£ the camp. Aa fche possessor of the panto refused to die on this occq, sion, however, it become the duty o£ the thie£ to 88 go one better' and kill fche man he E'obbecio accor ding to the BUblime traditions of fckafc gkjeious pace from which he cspEung, as the ooly Den would say. While the thief waa endeavouring to be come a murderer as well, he vgq discovered, and then the £ull fosce of both tribes took fciie fielfl and raised more row than all tho battles o£ the American Civil War put togefcke?. By some un accountable means one dusky Woleeley raa bis head against a boomerang, spoiling the weopoa's shape considerably, and the trouble was raised to its fiercest pitch when suddenly a revolver, whiols w.'is being furiously brandished by a da:;Mo \7ho didn't know the thing was loaded, went ofi vrifch a bangj and ia five minutes' time there wasn't a demed nigger of either side to be Gees wifchia seven miles of the field of battle. 