literature. OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER, By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, j&.ufchorof 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of 'Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,' ?** Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' and joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'The Ladies Gallery,' ' The Bighii Honorable,' &c.; [Pablished by special amngement with the author. All rights rcservul] Chapter III. — Loud and Lady Horace at Home. \- Lord Horace was scrambling up the bank, leaning well over his saddle-bow and clinging ?to his horse's -mane. His, seat was -a little imcertain, and it was evident that he was only a spurious sort of bnshman, in spite of his rather elaborate bush get-up of Crimean shirt, \--spotless moleskins, and expensive cabbage tree hat.. He had a stockwhip, too, coiled ?over his left arm, though he bad no pretence of going after cattle, and had indaed only a few stray beasts to look after. He was « tall, flight, dark young man, with a profile ?somewhat after the Apollo Belvidere type, fine eyes, and a weak mouth. He was dis tinctly aristocratic looking, clipped his e's after the English aristocratic fashion, and had ?certain little ways of his das?, in spite of his -efforts to be rough. He had an attractive manner, and apart from hut wish to ape bush man's habits, seemed quite without affecta tion. He looked, certainly, however, more ?suited for a London life than for that of an [Australian settler, and it was equally certain from his physiognomy that he would never take the world by storm with bis talents, i ''Moonlight,' lie cried out in answer to [Elsie's question. 'Been hun tin' for him all rap the Luya. No chance whatever of their findin' him. I say, Hallett — how do you do, ?bid chap. Let's make a party — get some old black trackers don't you know? and go out -ion ths trail, .eh ?— man-catching. It would be *are sport.' : 'If yon and, Mr. Hallett. were to do such a ?thing I'd never speak to you again,' said Elsie indignantly. ... ? 'Look here, she has been ravin' about the fellow. I must say I think it wa3 rather a -fine thing refusing Slaney'a cheque and trust ting to his honor. Slaney's honor ! Poor chap, fee's dead, ep mustn't abuse him. You should tiave heard the fellows at the Bean-tree dis oussin' your chances, Hallett. I suppose you jare going to stand for the district ?' ? 'I suppose so,' Hallett answered. 'But,' be added, 'it is too soon to talk about that with poor Slaney not yet in his grave.' ? .' Oh, nobody cares about Slaney. The king is dead, long live the king— that's my motto, and Slaney was a confounded Radical hand and -glove with the working man. I'm a working man myeelf, but I ain't a Radical.' ' Lord Horace talked excitedly and rather thickly. iElsie looked at him and drew her delicate eye 4)rows together in a frown. ?? 'I think we had better walk on to the Humpey,' she said. ' Ina will be wondering tffhab has become of us all.' i 'Yes, come along and have a refresher and talk over things,' eaid Lord Horace. ' It's a beastly ride from the Bean-tree. I went over *o see if some of those selectors wouldn't get ?their meat from me— might as well turn an Sionest penny, yon know; and I wanted to hear the news about Moonlight. Maopherson and his men are mad at his having given them *he slip, and are scouring the country tDl they iind his hiding-place. They're, mad, too, against poor Slaney for not letting them nab iMopnlight at the bank. By Jove, that was a -neat trick, and I like old Slaney, though he ?was a beast. I like him for having stood on ithe square to Moonlight. But come along and let uk talk it over. It's canvassin' I'm think ingdf. ^.1 oanvasBed once for my brotherin law, rWjivryng— before he waa Wavryng, you ftnow-^ot him in too with singing comio Bongs— I'm first-rate at 'em. By Jove, Wa iveryii}g;kn't half as grateful as he might be or jhe'd flbCBomething 'for me now.' ?- i Lord; Horace spurred his horse and cantered on executing a series of Alpine calls to which (there 'e£tne a response from the house in the .shapeof a faint ' Coo-ee.' Frank Hallett did not mount, but walked itesicffi^Elaie, who was eilent and looked / 'I forgot,' said Frank abruptly. *'TVe ;got a note for you fr«m Mrs. Jem. She wants . you 1»;7 come over next -week,, and Lady StdraceiVof course. I believe -there's to be a ?dance --£ something at Tunimbah.'. ?i 'Rn^goihghome next week,' said Elsie. \- 3 ' But you can wait for that. Nobody: wants' ^ouirilieiahardesTown.' , - 'Hettps of people want me, and heaps of things. , Mamma wants me ; my winter gowns l-want, me, and the fruit wants me. I) has to JJbe in$ae into jam, and my dresses have to be !inade ; : there's nobody to do them but me. 'You' sfib/Tna used to be the practical person amotgiis— the prime minister, thedressmaker,' *nd the cook all in one. And now Ina is ;gone.''';; . 'Ob, 'bub haven't you ? ?' Frank began, -and stopped awkwardly. 'Haven't we a cook? you were going to say. . 2^o, we haven't. Mammijeand Ido the cook ing fori'each other, and a nice/mees we make of it, and' the Kanaka boy, who does the garden, ^cleans the pots and .pans. Now you know all . .about it Have you any idea, Mil Hallett, What Mammie and I have to live upon? ' 'No — that 13, 1 didn't imagine, of course, that you were millionaires.' ? ' We've got exactly one hundred and twenty five pounds a year, not counting the garden ^produce— 3 hundred and twenty-five pounds a year to' pay our rent and to feed and clothe our two selves and buy all the necessaries of .civilisation. I suppose I pass as a civilised young 'person out in Australia, though I am ^luite Bure I shouldn't if yon put me down in Xondon /society. Ob, dear, I wonder if I shall -ever hive a taste of London society. ' ' Haw. sou always barp on England,' said -youne jjalletb. -. , 'Weu/isii't it supposed to be the paradise *tf Australian girls, as they used to say Paris ?was to*!&iiiericanfl;? I'm certain that one of the rreasonS .Ina married Horace was because ehe ?ihongnii'hejmight .take' her to England. I can't iimagine atiy. other.'9 Frtnjfe.;fa.ughed. ' Oh, he's a very good 'fellow 'though- he is a lord, as thev say about there. But why do you Bay that your sister fZnarried him because she wanted to go to England. She is not ambitious — she doesn't .care about that sort of thing. She is not ? ' 'Noflike trie,' TSUie' interrupted. 'If I were only half as good as Ina.' 'She married him, I suppose, because she loved him,' Hallett went on uneasOy. . 'Do you think he is the kind of person a igirl would fall in love with f said Elsie. , 'Why not? He is very handsome, and he lias nice manners.' j 'And he is 'horribly selfish and he is shallow ^— as shallow as the creek at the crossing. Mr. IHallett, do you know I am worried about Ina. fl don't think somehow she is very happy. But tehe is much too proud and much too good to own it.' 4 Hallett looked uncomfortable. His memory ?went back to a certain day not many months tback— a day when he had confided to Ina Vallianb the love he felt fcr her sister Elsie ttmd of which he could never think without a .painful twinge,, a horrible suspicion that she ?had once cared forhim herself, it was true he shad no reason for the suspicion— nothing but a Rifled exclamation, a quiver of the voice, a -sudden paling. The suspicion had been joy 'fully lulled to sleep, when a month or so after wards she- had -accepted Lord Horace, and -when she ' bad told him again, and this time : firmly and unfalteringly, that she would do -everything in her power to further his suit with 'Elsie. And she bad done everything ehe could. She had asked him over repeatedly, had been 4sweet, frank,;and sister- like, and had seemed absolutely satisfied. And yet when Elsie said ; that Ina was not happy, he knew that she waa -only echoing 'his own miserable thought. 1 'Tell ine,' he eaid, 'why 4o yon fancy ?that ? Isn't heeood to her?' . ' Oh, yes. He is always making love to her ?if you call that being' good. It is really quite ?embarrassing sometimes, and if I were Ina I : wouldn't ffiave it ; and thence flies out toe : cause the dinner isn't quite right, or be =$WB8 gome little stupidity is wrong'and sulks like a spoiled child. It's because Ina doesn't sulk too— because erne puts up with its.pettish ness so angelically, and takes suoh pains that everything shall be tight next time that lam sure she isn't happy. It's unnatural.' 'Surely it's very natural if she cares for him.' ' Poor Ina,' said Elsie softly. 'Well, she is happy enough apparently when she is fidget ting after the chickens and furbishing up 'her doll's house.' . ? : '16 does look a little like a bash doll's house,' eaid .Frank. ??-.:?; The were close to the Humpey now. It was a queer little slab place, roofed with bark, standing against a background of white gum trees, which, with their tall ghost like trunks and sad grey foliage, gave a suggestion of dreariness and desolation to the otherwise cosy homestead. Lord Horace had made the best of the Humpey. It had been a stockman's hut, two slab rooms and a lean-to; and now another hut had been joined to it, which was Lord Horace's kitchen, and there were sundry other lean-to's and straggling shanties which served for guestrooms and meat- stores. The verandah of the Humpey had an earthen floor, - .-. and the posts were of barked saplings. Bub there were creepers growing around the posts ? and festooning the bark roof^ and there were stands of ferns against the slab walls, and squatters' chair* with crimson cushions which made splashes of color. Lord Horace's chair had a glass of some spirituous concoction on its arm-table, which his attentive wife had jusb brought to him, and he was filling his pipe, while Ina, who was only a few degrees less lovely than Elsie, leaned against the post, and waited submissively to be told the day's news. Lord Horace took a great deal of credit to himself for having left the Humpey in its original state of roughness. 'Some fellows, you know, would have gone to no end of ex pense in cartin' cedar and shinglin'and paintin' and spoiiin' a really good Australian effect,' he was wont to say. 'That's the worst of you Australians, you've got no sense of dramatic fitness. And that's what I say to Ina and Elsie when they want me to fill upthechinks between the slabs, and put in plateglass windows. A bush hut is a bush hut, and there's something barbarous in the idea of turning it into a villa. Wait till IVe finished my stone house; then you shall see something really comfortable and harmonious, too. In the 'meantime, if we can't be comfortable, let . us at least be artistic'. Those were Lord Horace's sentiments. The new. house had come to a standstill for want of funds after the foundations had been laid, and it was nob likely to get beyond the foundations, unless Lord Waveryng sent out further supplies ; but Lord Horace talked of it with as proud a certainty as if- an- army of master builders were already at work. Lady Horace came slowly down the log steps and held out her hand to Hallett. 'How do you do,' she said in her gentle little Australian drawL 'I'm very glad you have come.. Elsie was saying yesterday that we were so dulL' 'That's because we're on our honeymoon yet,' put' in Lord Horace. 'Elsie says it's quite disgusting the way we spoon.' Frank Hallett noticed that Lady Horace flushed a brilliant red, and interpreted, the blush as a favorable sign. Ob, yes, she was happy. Shemusbbe happy.' If she 'had not been happy she could nob have answered so composedly. ' We were plannine to take Elsie over to Tunimba to see Mrs. Jem Hallett, before she goes down to Leiohardt's Town. But we're a little frightened of Mrs. Jem, because she is so dreadfully grand, and she might be vexed if we went without a formal invitation.' 'Here is the formal invitation, anyhow-,' said Hallett, and he produced his eiste'rin law's note, and gave it to Lady Horace, -who duly handed it to her husband, and it was there and then settled that they would go. Frank Hallett had brought something else for Ina— some of the famous Tunimba fig?, which were now going off, and he had brought a book for Elsie, and while these offerings were being unpacked and commented on, he studied Lady Horace's face. Ina was not so pretty.as her sister. She was not so tall, her coloring was less brilliant, she was much' quieter. It was a wonder, people thought, that Lord Horace, who was a fastidious person, had fallen in lova with her instead of with the all-conquering Elsie. But Elsie had snubbed him. and Ina was besides very pretty and very much more docile than her eister. She had a sweet little serious face, with a peculiarly delicate complexion and a tender, resolute mouth. The fault of her face lay in the light eyelashes and eyebrows, which gave her a certain insipidity. . She had . a very gentle manner, and she did not talk much, not nearly as much aa Elsie. She had been only four months -married. Hallett asked her how she liked the Dell, and she told him in her childlike way about her chickens, and her pigs, and the new garden, and the pump Lord Horace was making, and other domestic details; and. she asked him various questions about the working of. Tunimba and Mrs. Jem Hallett'a management, which showed that she had thrown herself entirely into her bush life. He said something to this effect. ' Yes,' she answered. I want to make the Dell as much a. model of a place in its small way S3 Tunimba is in its big way. And then, you know, Horace isn't like a regular bush man, he must have bis little English com-' forta ? ' 'Which he insists .on combining with his Australian dramatic effects,' put in Hallett, 'and that must make management a little difficult for you, Lady Horace.' Ina laughed. 'Oh, I don't mind,'.' shesaid. 'Now I want to show you the last improve ment,' and she took him into the sitting-room, which was a very cosy and picturesque place, though the walls were only of canvas stretched over the slabs, and the ceiling— of canvas, too — was stained -with rain droppings, from the ' bark'. roof. Lord Horace had been amusing himself by drawing in sepia a boldly-designed flight of swallows along' one end of the room. ''Not strictly appropriate to Australia, my dear .fellow, bub I couldn't stand .the papers they showed me. I have sent home for some thing' a little more artistic. . It should be parrots, of course, or Batin-birda, and by the ' way, those beggars of satin-birds have cobbled up -all bur loquats— but my imagination wouldn't soar and Tna is nob inventive. I'm trainin' her faculties, .but by slow degrees.' Ina flushed again. Between the flushes she : was— so - Hallett .noticed— alarmingly, pale. - And surely she had.got thinner. Bnt.ehe-had : taken 6verebinuchpaihs. over -the arrangement \- of the drawing-room, which was in truth exceed ingly pretty and full of English odds'and ends, from a portrait of a. Lady Waveryng in full, court dress to an an tiered stag's head over the doorway. Ina was proud of her charming '? room, though she gave -Elsie all the credit of the arrangement. 'It was always Elsie who did the pretttness,'-fihe said, 'whether it. was -in our ball dresses or in our parlor. Elsie has. only to put her hand to a thing and it gets' somehow the stamp of herself. I was never good for anything but the useful things.'' : Lord Horaoe sat down to the piano, which 'was a fine instrument and -was littered with music, and struck a few, chords... 'Yon must hear my newest thing. It's one of thosespirited bush ballads of William Sharp's, and I've set it to music. Ina and I sat up till all hours last night practiain' it.'' 'Yes,' interjected Elsip, 'and you made poor Ina faint by keeping her standing so long ' ' I wanted her to have some' port wine,' answered Lord Horace, 'and she wouldn't. It was her fault, wasn't it, Ina, dear ?' ' ' Yes, it was py fault,' said Ina. ' ' I didn't take the port wine in time.' 'Well, never mind,' said Lord Horace, 'she shali have some port wine now to make up.' He rushed off and brought the wine, which he made her swallow in spite of her pro tests. That was Lord Horace's way. A glass of port) wine for a woman and a brandy and sada for a man were his notion of a panacea -for ills of body and. mind. .When Ina had' drank her wine he began his accompaniment again and burst into the song. He had a fair baritone, and sang with a certain manner as of one who knew what he waB about. He put a good deal of dramatic go into the rattling Words — O'er the raoge and down the gaily, across the rlrer b?d, ' W* are riding on the traoks of the cattle that have fled: ' ' ~ The mopokes all are laughing, and the cockatoos are - , fcresuuiur, ; And bright amidst the etringy barks the pirokeeta ? are gleaming. The wattle blooms »reirasrant. and the great man - golits (air Hake a heavy sleepy sweetness in the hazy morning air; . . Bub the rattle and the crashing of oar horses' hooh ring out, ? And the cheery sound we atswer with oar long repeated shout. And then came the chorus which the four took up — Coo-ee-Coo ee-Cco— ee-Cooee : 'My dear Horace,' said Hallett, 'why didn't you try for fortune in the light operatic line? You are much better suited for that than for roughing it in Australia.' ' I did think of it,' replied Lord Horace seriously, 'but the light operatic line is played out in England ; there's no chance for anybody now. And then one's people would have thought it infra dig. They're old fashioned, you know—don't go in for modern innovations — the stage cult, and that sort of thing. It's not a bad notion of yours, though — an opera of bush life— openin' chorus of stockmen and bushrangers, and Moonlight for a hero. It might pay better than free selecting on the Luya.' ' It might well do that,' eaid Elsie, who was rather fond o£ a passage-at-arma with her brother-in-law. Lord Horace caught her round the waist and gave her a twirl into the verandah. 'A waltz— a waltz, Ina !' he cried. Ina played. There were some blacks outside, who clapped their' hands'and cned out, ' Budgery !' and the pair stopped to have what Lord Horace called a 'yabber.' 'Hallett and 'Ina were' ' left alone. She ' let her hands fall from the piano, and her s'weett . serious ejes met hie. 'Mr. Hallett,' she said, ** I think you ought to make haste.' . ? 'Tell me what I ought to do, Lady Horace.' . 'I think you ought to make Elsie under stand how much yon care for her.' 'I have tried to do that. You were wrong. She doesn't care for me.' 'I thought she did,' eaid Ina faltering. The break in hes voice reminded him of 'the break in it that day. Perhaps she was thinking of this too. She . went on in a different tone, 'You must not judge Elsie as you would another girl. She is horribly proud, and she is horribly reserved, and she is horribly per verse. Oh, I know all my Elsie's faults.' 'Tell me, Lady Horace, what made you think that ehe oared for me?' Ina hesitated, and her soft color came again. 'I don't think I can do that quite, Mr. Hallett.' 'Tell me,' he urged. She looked at him and turned away her head. 'Yes, I'll tell you,' ehe said in a forced sort of voice. 'It was — do you remem ber that day at Tnnimba — before I was engaged— when you told me that you. were so fond of Elsie?' 'Ye?,' he answered, and he voice too was strained. 'It was just after that that Horaoe— that I began to think I might marry Horace. One day when Elsie teased, me about it— she never cared very much for Horace, you know, though Mammie liked him so much — we spoke of you — and Elsie told me that you were the only man she had ever known whom she could fancy herself marrying. She told me that she bad once fancied — before Horace came on the scene you know' — Ina laughed a little un steadily — 'that you had a— regard for me. It was absurd, wasn't it?— and that the idea had made her unhappy and snappish to me, and that she had hated herself for minding. But she had minded. That meant a great deal from Elsie.' At that moment Lord Horace and Elsie came in. 'Mr. Hallett, ?' she exolaimed, 'Ihavebeen telling Horace that we are to have a picnic from Tammba to the Barblin Waterfall.' 'Elsie is determined to find Moonlight's lair,' said Lord Horace. 'Well, I'm on for any fun of that sorb. Talking of Barulin, do you know the people there, Trant and Go. V 'Blake and Trant,' said Hallett. 'It's Blake who is the boss, they say. But how anyone who wasn't quite a fool could have bought BarMin Gorge.' . 'They say Trant is doing a good thing with his horses, though,' Baid Lord Horace. *' Do you know the chap? He was at the Bean-tree to-day. I didn't fancy him. Looked to me like one of those low-bred half-Fenian fellowc. I saw 'em when I wend salmon fish in' with Waveryng: to Ireland. I was wondering whether Blake could be one of the Blakes of Coola.' 'Coola !' repeated Halletfe. 'Blake of Coola i3 about as. old a name as there is in Ireland. Castle Coola was close by our river. Lord Coola was a friend of Wave ryng'a. I never met him. The castle was -shut up the only time I went over. It is a common enough name though.' 'I believe my sister-in-law has asked Mr. Trant over to Tunimbah,' said Hallett. The bell rang for dressing. Lord Horace to- khis guesb over to what was by courtesy called the bachelor's quarters. There was only one spare room in the Humpey and that was occupied by Elsie Vallianb. Chapter IV. — Elsie's Loves. They were sitting down to dinner when the barking of the dogs announced an arrival. Presently the woman in the kitchen came in with a slip of paper, on which was written, ' Dominic Trant, of Barolin.' 'By Jove!' exclaimed Lord Horace, 'he has taken me at my word. Saw him at the Bean-tree to-day and asked him to look U3 up if he was passing. He eaid he was going straight on to-night.' : Elsie looked excited. 'Dominic Trant ! Dominic — what an odd name !' . ; Lord Horace brought his guest in. Mr. Trant was rather a good-looking man of from thirty' to thirty-five. Elsie decided first that he was distinctly Irish; secondly that he was. -not' quite a gentleman. If he had been a gentle man he might have sat for one of Velasquez's pictures, bub there was a certain commonness about him which destroyed the effect of his otherwise artistic appearance. He had an accent, too, and Elsie detested a-'brdgue-.--- But* he bad fine black eyes' -and- *' well-featured sallow face. His manner was rather elaborate. He called Lady Horace 'Your Ladyship,' bub after the first time -or two dropped into familiarity, and was almost free-and easy. ; He scarcely took bis eyes off Elsies ^ ?'? j- \ 'j He explained his arrival; Be hadi'Wti6bped.^ late at the ?BeantreB.-^er' thW^ijidinf tended. The fact wasT^li^mfttsd^n^Mk-;: gram from his partner Blake, who iPaa^thioK ing of coming up to BarMin. :' ' '. ' r:' ' ! 'Your partner doesn't pay many visits to Barolin,' said Frank Hallett. 'Well, no,' replied Mr. Trant. 'Blake waa rather taken in over Bax∈, that's the truth. He was disgusted and turned the whole shop over to me. It's a fiddling little place is ' BarMin, and dull as diboh water.' ' ' ' : 'I expect it will be livelier now that the police are turning out on the Upper Luya to hunt for Moonlight,' said Lord Horace. 'Oh, Moonlight!' eaid Mr. Trant with a laugh. 'Do ye think they'll catch him?' 'They won't unless the squatters lend a hand,' said Hallett ; 'and it'a a queer thing, but the squatters don't seem sodown on Moon light as you'd -euppoae. - He hasn't bailed up any of them yet.' ? ??????:?? 'They'll not catch him,' said Mr, Trant. ' AnyhbWjril lend 'em* ijandafcitj.'' . Elsie looked a« .him -with an expression of dislike. Trani, whose eyes met hers, noticed it and colored. 'You'don't-'waht hlnr.to'r.be caught, miss?' he said;-?-; ?- ,s-r' , ;- -: L'j V 'No,' said Elsie saeof^eal^- - J''!HS is a picturesque figure. ^?WB-h»v^n?4aauch I^fps picturesque in the bu3ll!»-l!-S;:'V ['- ' ':!r .? 1 'Surely!' said Lady B^tateSf ?^we'^be picturesque without bushrangers.' - ?'?-'-? '[ The talk went on about) Moonlight: Lord Horace got excited. - 'A man hunt.' That was what he wanted. Big game ! You needed sportsmen to take the.thaigup Properly.' The - police were duffers, , And now that ;thiere;w*s going to be an election .no one would bother about Moonlight..; Frank Hallejtt would-be responsible if any of the' Luya stations were bailed up. ... . . : . .'., ? . ,. . .' TVIiv Trant looked interested.. He turned . .the conversation on to the election, arid they discussed ' the probability- of the Irish vote . carrying iirin favor of the Radical member. He asked a good many questions as to the ? strength of the Irish vote, the' predominance of Radicalism among the Goondi diggers, and the political leanings of the Luya selectors. Hallett fancied that the man meanb to draw him, and showed Mr. Trant that he did not intend to be drawn. Elsie also scenting Trant's motive, though she could not account for it — surely he could not be thinking of opposing Hallett- plunged in*o the talk. She had hitherto been very silent. V Do you ever go. to Leichardt's Town, Mr. Trant ? To the balls, I mean ¥' Trant looked aiber admiringly from under his heavy brows. ' I leave that kind of thing to my partner, Miss Vallianb. He is more of ? a ladies' man than I am. Perhaps,' -he added, . 'I've never bad any great inducement till now to stay in Leichardt's Town ' : ' I have never met Mr. Blake,' said Elsie, ignoring the implied compliment. 'Blake goes across the border when he wants a spree,' answered Mr. Trant. 'He runs down to Sydney and be is rather a card there, I can tell you. I shouldn't wonder though if he were in Leichardt's Town a good deal this winter.' ?' It is goirjg to be a very gay winter, isn't it?'f pub in Lady' Horace. 'The prince is really coming* and there will be the new Governor, and we shall have a Jot of balls. Elsie and I are going to have a good time — just like the old times before I married.' She got. up as she spoke and went into the parlor. The night was warm, as March nights are, and there floated in the fragrance of the ' stephanotis, which twined one of the verandah posts. Elsie sauntered into the verandah. Lady Horace was going to. follow her, but when she saw that Hallett had come out of the dining-room, evidently with that intention, ..leaving Lord. Horace and Mr. Trant, she drew . back and let Hallett pass her. . Elsie had gathered a. spray of the stephanptis and was Stroking her lip with one of the waxen ' flowers. 'How do you like Mr. Trant? asked Hallett abruptly. ' ' I don't like him at all,' she answered. ' I hate a man who calls me 'miss1 and looks at me in that fashion.' 'I am sorry that Edith asked him to Tnnimbah.' ' Wny did she do that?' ' She said we had been unneighborly and that she had beard Mr. Blake was a very charm ing man, and that for his sake we were bound to be civil to his partner. You know Edith rather likes to play the parb of great lady of the district.' 'She does it very nicely. She is so amiable and proper, and well dressed, and well read, and all the reBt.. Sbe always aays the right thing when ehe is in society. Do you know I think Mrs. Jem Hallett is lather wasted as the wile of a Luya squatter.' 'I sea you don't like Edith. But never mind. You will come over, won't you, and leave the jam to take care of itself for another week ?:- ' I will come on one condition. 'What is that?' 'That you take me to BarMin Waterfall.' ' I am afraid that you will find it a rougher expedition than you bargain for. It will mean a night's camping out.' ' So muohHhe better. I have never camped out in my life. Promise.' ? 'I promise, if not now, at some future time.' '.Why pot now?' . ... ' 'The'riVerisup; you know,- and then it's' very difficult to get a black boy who will go near the JfoUsV But I will do my best. Vo you think there is anything in the world I wouldn't try to do if you asked me?' Elsie's eyes were like stars S3 she turned them upon him. It was a way of hers to answer a question with her eyes. But pre sently %he said thoughtfully, ' I don't know.' 'What is it you don't know?' he asked. . 'Don't you know that I would do anything in the world for you?' : \ ' Without any reward!' she said coquet tiahly. ? : .-??.?-:-? 'There would always be the hope of a re ward — the hope ? ' ' Ah !' she exclaimed, cutting him short. 'You are not disinterested. No one is. There is always the hope of a reward. I am tired of ib all.' She moved away from the verandah-post as she spoke and tossedjthe sprig of stephanotis from her. It fell on the edge of the steps and he stooped and pioked ib up. ? Sbe sat down on a squatter's chair at the end of the verandah furthest from the drawing-room. The other men bad come out of the dining-room. Mr. Trant was talking to Lady Horace. Lord Horace oarne to the door and called oub 'Elsie.' ' Well?' ' Come along io. Let us do Sharp's chorus. Trant says he ha3 gob a voice.' 'Tranb! I wish Horace wouldn't let him be so familiar,' murmured Elsie sotto voce. ' Please ask Mr. Trant to try a solo. I can't sing choruses so soon after dinner.' ' Oh, don't go in,' pleaded Hallett. ' It's too hot inside,' Elsie went on, speak ing to her brother-in- law. 'Let us stop here and be comfortable.' ' Well, you are ? Lo^d Horace began to protest, bub was called off by his wife. 'What are you tired of?' asked Hallett abruptly, as he seated himself on the edge of the verandah, almost at Elsie's feet. 'Oh, I don't know. Tired of people people who— who do everything from per sonal motives, tired of stupid speeches, and compliments, and all that.' 'Tired of being made love to,1' he said bitterly — 'that's what you mean — of being made love to by men you don't care for.' 'Well,'' said Elsie, quiebly stroking her dress, 'a good many men do make love to me, you know, and I can't siy that they are profoundly interesting as a body.' 'And there are no exceptions — not even one?:' he exclaimed. 'Does no one interest you?' Eleie looked tip swiftly and went on strok ing her dress again. ' I should like to be made love to by some man who didn't care in the least whab I thought of him— a man who would go on his own way straight as a die not turning, as you all do, to right or left, at a woman's beck — a man with a purpose and a destiny — I don't think I -should mind whether it was a good purpose or a bad one— a mag nificent destiny or a terrible' one — only it must not ba small or mean ! Ob, a man who -would fjllow his Btar at all costs. That is the man I should like to know.' 'Go on,' said Hallett: 'Tell me more of what you would like in the man who made love to you.' ' He must never pay me a compliment,' eaid Elsie. ' He must not want to do whab I wish. He must make me do what he wishes. He musb be my master.' 'Oh,' exclaimed Halletb impatiently, ' that is a Jane Eyre-ish idea. No man who truly loves a woman, can be her master. To love is to be a slave. ' ' How do you know that ? ' ' Because I love you and because I am your slave. Elsie, how long is it to go on? I can'b stand much more.' 'It shall end to-night if you wish it,' she answered. ' But ho w ? Bub how f ' he cried. 'In this way.'- She bent a little towards him and spoke very distinctly. 'I shall say to you, 'Mr. Hallett, I am very grateful to you for caring for me and I am honored by your affection !' That is how the nice girls talk in novels.' ' Bah !' He gave his shoulders an impatient shake. . ? .«.: Elsie went on, ' I am . not worthy of your affection. I am a spoilt, heartless young woman, who has never loved anybody in her life— except Mammie and Ina— after a fashion. I don't think it is in me to love any man — unless he was the kind of man I have described — the kind of man who isn't at all likely to come my way. I am very selfish and very frivolous and very mercenary and very am bitious ? ' ' No,' he said doggedly, ' I am not going to believe that.' - - - ' It is true, though, all the same. The only thing that I care about is excitement. I should die of dulness in the bush. I am nearly dead of dulness now. If I were a man I should figbt battles ; I ahould . intrigue ; I should do reckless things. As I am a woman all I can do to amuse myself is .to make men fall inloye with me and so gratify my sense of power till ? ' She paused. 'Goon— till when?' 'Till they wand what X don't want to give — till they want to come close to me — and paw me — and all the rest.' ' Elsie, you are horrid.' ' Yes, I know that I am,' she replied com posedly. 'But yon know that you are all alike. You all want to paw me. Then I hate you. And what is worse, I hate myself.' ' At any rate, you are frank enough.' ' It is almost my only vfrfctKyand as you say I make the most of it.' J ' Go on with the rest that you were going to say to me.' 'I would say. 'And so, Mr. Halletb, being this sorb of person, and being so wholly despicable and to utterly unworthy of you, who are so highly estimable — and respecting you so truly ? ' ; ' Ob, Elsie, don't laugh at me.' 'I'm not laughing at you. I mean every word. You can't imagine how truly I respect you. And so— that's how I would wind up— I'm not worth dangling after any longer, and you had better find some other girl who will be less frank, perhaps, but who will at any rate give you something - better- worth having than what I can give you.' 'Will you tell me first exactly what that i3?' 'Honest friendship and a dash of — how shall I sail ib— affection.' 'That's something gained anyhow,' he ex claimed, ' Tm not a bit discouraged; I feel that I have made headway. You said that you were quite frank with me three months ago ' and you told me then that there was no affec tion.' ??'?' . 'I didn't know you so well three months \- ago. I hadn't had an opportunity of learning how estimable you are. Since then I have seen ever so much of you; I have seen you at home. I have heard your praises sung by everybody. You have done all sorbs of nice things for me. I should be unnaturally un grateful — a monster, if I hadn't some affection for you. - But affection expresses everything. There's nothing more. There never will be anything mote, and there ought to be a great deal more.' . -??? 'Well, I am contented.' '?' You are very easily satisfied. My ideal lover, my prince among men would never be contented with— affection. He would want all that there was, more, and if I hadn't got it to give him he would make me a polite bow and go and look for it elsewhere.' ' That would be because he didn't love you as much as I do. If he loved you he would be satisfied to wait on the chance of getting the rest.' ??' ?? ?- ? 'And if be never could get the rest?' ' Hewould be quite satisfied as long as no one else got it.' ' Ah— but if the prince came ?*' 'Then he would accept his fate. That's the risk. You know I told you three months ago ' that I wonld run the risk.- It was part of our compact.' ' Oh, our compact ! I had forgotten that we had a compact — a real serious compact. Did we fix any limit for it ?' 'You told me,' said Hallett, 'that I might go on caring for you — being your friend — your lover on probation — -' 'No, no,' she cried ; 'that means too much. \- You were to ask for nothing.' 'I have never asked 'for anything — I have never even kissed her hand. I will never do so till you yourself tell me that I may.' Hallett's toioe trembled with emotion. 'I will worship you as one might worship a star, and you can do nothing to prevent that. In this sense you can't help my being your lover.' ? 'In, that senpe — no. You are very -chivalrous. - Now that is. what I like. lad . mire you. when you'. are like that ; but at the same time I am going to say something horrid.'1 'Ob, sayib.' ' I think, do you know, that I despise you a little for— for— caring so much. That is like a woman, isn't it ?' ? 'Yes, it's like a woman— at least so the cynics who write novels tell us. Well, about our compact? I am sure ib had a limit — tell me.' .'?.'??? ' You were to give me a definite answer whenever I asked for one.' ' And you asked me for one just now and I gave it. You said you could nob stand things any longer. So the compact is ended.' ' No. You said I might end it if I pleased, and I don't chose to end' it after what you Baid ? '' ' What ? About affection !' ' Yea. I'll never end while you say you oare for me the least bib.' ' Affection isn't caring. It's what one feels for one's pet horse or one's dog — or one's friend.' 'Well,' said he stolidly, 'it's enough for. me. Since ibis that or nothing. lam your friend till you tell me I am1 something more.', ' But it is ended. I have no more responsi bility. I have told you to go. You know you ought to marry. You are going into Parlia ment. You will be a. Minister. You'll have to have a house and to give parties. Political people ought to be married. Tney shouldn't go dangling after girls — -' ' Not alter srirls ; after a girL' ' Well, they shouldn't dangle after a girl. It's: undignified— especiftliy after such a girl aa~I am— no money, 'no connections— except Horace, I suppose, being a lord, though an impoverished one, oounte for something— a girl who only keeps a kanaka boy in the kibohen and has to make the jam and clean her own boots — oh yes, I assure you, Ina and I have often cleaned our own' boots. It's well, it's cheap, as Horace says.' They both laughed. Just then some one struck a few chords on the piano. Ib was Lord Horaoe. And presently some one began to sing.. This was uob Lord Horace, who had a nice little baritone, but tot a voice like this. And Lord- Horace's French, though he only aired it occasionally in quotations,, was shaky ; while even Elsie, who had only had a dozen lessons from a French Sister in the convent at Leichardt's Town, could tell that Mr. Dominio Trant had lived in France. Thanks to tha sister, she could understand every word. 'Ninon, Ninon, que faia to de la vie?' Ib seemed an appeal to herself. How could such a person sing like that? She asked herself the question as she gob up from her chair and went into the parlor. Mr. Dominic Trant looked at her while he sing. Hia eyes had something mesmeric in them ; Irish eyes occa sionally have. The man was certainly good looking, and he did give one a sense of power. The effect that he had, however, was not quite pleasant. It was the power of a certain sort of passion— not of the highest kind. The power also of unflinching purpose — also not of the highest kind. This eeemed to show itself when the man waa singing. He began to in terest her. He had only struck her before as being rather ill- bred. 'Where did you learn to sing French?' she asked when he had finished. She had gone to the piano. ' I learned French among French people,' said Trant. ' I thought you would like that song. It was sent out to me the other day. Do you understand it ? Do you speak French ?' 'No,' she said perversely. 'How do you expect an Australian girl to speak French? So you have travelled a great deal, Mr. Trant?' '?I wish you'd let me translate it to you.' he said, not answering her question. ' But I am quite sure that you understand ib. I could tell that you did by your fece.' ' Sing something else,' she replied — ' some thing English, please.' This time he sang a rollicking drinking song. Lord Horace was delighted. 'You must come over,' he said. 'We must practice some glees and we'll let you have 'em at Tunimba. next week, Hallett.' . Frank had to come forward to explain that his sister-in-law had written or was about to write to Mr. Tant to invite him to join tha party. 'I think it net unlikely that my partner Blake will be at Barolin then,' eaid Mr. Trant. ' I had a- telegram from him as I told you at the Bean-tree to-day.' ' Tell me about Mr. Blake,' said Elsie sub siding into a chairand motioning Trant to her side in a way that irritated Hallett. She had pub on her coquettish air,, which meant that she scented a victim. ' Why doesn't he ever come to the Luya ?' 'He does conie sometimes,' answered Trant. ' But nobody has ever seen him. I feel a curiosity about Mr. Blake.' 'What do you want to know about Blake?' 'Is he young?' 'No, not exactly. I suppose he is close upon forty.' 'Is he married ?' 'No,' Mr. Trant laughed. 'He is fair game— and difficult game.' Elsie drew herself up a little. She was quite sure now that Trant was very ill-bred. 'What do you mean? Does he not like ladies? You said he was a ladies' man.' 'Oh, yes, he likes ladies. He is not a marrying man, though, Blake. He doesn't care about anything except ? '' 'Except ? ' . 'Except adventure, amusement, making money.' ' But people say that Baiolin isn't exactly a money-making place.' ' Oh ! They say that, do they ? Well, per haps they are right. But then Blake makes money in other ways. ' He has gob means. He is a luckier sorb of devil than £ am— obliged to stick at Barolin all the year round.' 'I'sayi' put in Lord Horace, 'is your partner any relation of the Blakes of Castle Coola. Because you know my people know the Coola people; I've been fishin' close there.' 'Idon'tknow,'.sai4 Mr. Trant. ' I should think It isn't7 unljkeiy. . Blake doesn't like being quefetfoned? about his people— says he cut the whole lot when lie came oub here.' 'Got into a row, perhaps,' said Lord Horace. 'That would be a Blake all over. They're a wild Irish, .lot— got a dash of Fenian ism in the blood.' tfBere.. was a Blake who got drowfle^ ?. IJe'tem^lgdjpff a cliff or some thing ^?WayeYy&gJmeJsfiTymy;^ He was a chap in a;('i^ic6-5rigini®iM 'tojjr *.]Well, it came out after*2&as; Mat ;M'fiad;' been 'preaching to the chaps in the regimei^, inciting to mutiny like the Boyle OVReilly, you know.' 'Yes, I know,'-said Trant stolidly. 'They said there would have been a court martial if the fellow hadn't died ; so it's lucky, perhaps, for him that he was drowned.' ' Well, as he was drowned, he can't have anything to do with Blake of Barolin,' said Traut with. a laugh'. (To be continued.) 