IUj A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOVE AND CRIME. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., E.N., Author of "289 R, the Story of a Double Life," "The Myatery of a Millionaire's Grave," &c.;, &e.; Chapter VII.—Captain Gregory, op the Arctic Queen. How sweet a thing is rest. How delightful to a tired and weary mariner is the compara tive calm that succeeds a wild-wind storm at sea when squall or gale has fled far away, carrying before it the dark deep curtain of clouds that but a few short hours before hung pall-like over ship and ocean; the curtain through which lightnings flashed and glared and shimmered blue and crimson till the very waves seemed waves of blood or flame; the curtain that seemed to hide great guns fired incessantly by unseen hands, with a sound so awful that the hurricane wind was unheard, and the bewildered sailors as they clutched at and clung to the black, wet rigging or stays, could but believe that the vessel was being torn into timbers beneath their very feet! How sweet then the rest that morning brings, as the star-light fades and pales in a sky now clear and deep; as the orange-gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the east, as crim son feather-clouds streak the sky, and the red sun leaps smiling above the distant horizon, while Nature bends down from the heavens, smoothing and soothing all tilings as a fend mother soothes her cradled babe. How sweet is rest. How sweet is rest—the rest that say, somo summer's morning brings to the weary invalid who for weeks has lain racked with pain in the sick chamber from which hope itself for a time had fled. Rest after days and nights of sleep less agony. Rest that the ailing one never expected to find again except in the grave; rest that he can hardly yet believe has really come at last, albeit out there on the trees he can see beneath his window the sweet sun* beams glance and glitter, as the breeze goes whispering through the foliage, as the glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thither, feeding their young ones on the wing. The sunlight sparkles on the waves as if showers of precious stones were falling unseen from skywards ; the sunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a diamond. The sunshine speaks to the sailor's heart, and he laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, while sail after sail is loosened to woo the breeze, and the ship itself appears instinct with a new found life and hope. And nature in the sun shine speaks to the invalid thus:—" Cheer up, poor weary one, be calm and hopeful now. See how gaily the flowers are springing, how joyfully the tasselled tree, nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully the crim son flowers of the rhododendrous looked sunward, how sweetly the red bells of the tall bee-haunted fox-glove stand out against the bracken's green, how the roses and the syringa vie with each other in wafting their odors on the summer breeze, and bow contentedly the blackbird sings hidden in thickets of spruce! I am Nature, bub I am nob always unkind. I obey laws over which I have no control. I obey the behests of the Great Unseen, whose laws are evenly balanced. Afflictions are nought save blessings in disguise, and the good follows the seeming evil as daylight follows darkness or sunshine follows storm. Behold I bring you peace, I bring you rest." Thu3 spoke or seemed to speak to Winnie Roberta a still, small voice when two yearn after the events I have tried to describe in the last chapter she found herself settled down in a small village in the far north of Scotland with her little daughter B,ose. On her arrival in England she determined to go into hiding and place as many miles as possible between herself and the man Wallard; between herself, too, and the agents of her husband who might once more try to rob her of ber child. Winnie possessed two talents that she thought might be better appreciated beyond the Tweed than in England itself—music and painting. Both she could teach, and if for tune would but begin to favor her it would be easy by ber earnest efforts to make sufficient money for herself and Rose, and to keep the gaunt wolf, huDger, lrom their cottage door. Yes, cottage door, for that desc ibes their humble home exactly. In a small village it was, on the eastern shores of Aberdeenshire, and not far from a town that has sent more brave hearts to the Arctic regions than all the other places in Scotland or England combined. Indeed, from the front windows of this little cot in the suburbs of the village they could catch glimpses of the far off sea, some times blue and beautifully calm, at other times wild and storm-tossed, the giant waves tossing their white manes against the darkling sky; but whether peaceful or the reverse, somehow the sea had always a charm for Rose and her mother. They had thought themselves lucky indeed to find so pretty a little cottage. It seemed really as if it had been waiting for some sueh tenants. Eive rooms, no more, nor were the rooms large, but the house was solid, dry, and comfortable. There was a garden in front and a lawn behind surrounded and shaded by trees, while in the sweet summer time roses clung on the walls and nodded bonnily in through the windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle clustered round the porch. People wondered atfirst who the lonely lady was who called herself Mrs. Roberts, and was said to be a widow. She was English, they knew from the first. English, and therefore no doubb possessed some money or means, and would therefore b9 stuck-up, as they phrased id, and far too good to associate with such humble folks as they were. Bub when Winnie advertised in her window that she would receive pupils for music and drawing, then ib got rumored abroad that the lady—she was always called the lady—had come through some great grief and had been reduced to poverty. So the good old clergyman or minister called first, and was so charmed with Winnie with her sad voice and gentle mein, and with her artless and beautiful daughter that he did all in bis power to assise her. There were many wealthy farmers in the neighborhood and a few resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no more fear of starvation. Weeba, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to the simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter's winds began to howl over hill and brae, or would she dress less like a Pagan and more like a Chris tian. But they did not forget, nevertheless, to waylay poor Weeba whenever a reasonable ohance presented itself, and try tc worm out of her the history of Winnie and Hose. As well might they have tried to elicit the story of by gone times from an ancienb oak. Weeba knew nothing. She told them nothing, and she told them in such broken English that her anxious enquirers were just as wise as before, no more and none less. There was a mystery about Winnie and her daughter therefore, _ and the mystery re mained, but really it was this mystery—or rather the desire to unravel it—that led to the lady's success, though all else apart, she played charmingly, and she had two gifts which stood her in good need a3 a teacher, patience and innate good nature. Rose, too, played very sweetly, not only on the piano but on the zither. Was it any wonder then that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. Ib would have been a holy calm save for the one dark spot in her former history, the appropria tion of Wallard's money. She never could think of that awful night at his villa without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clutching at her heart. But her one aim and oblect in life mu3t now be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. And of Winnie's crime, it is almost needless to say her innocent child knew nothing. Yet thatjerime was a ghost that many times and oft at the midnight hour, when Rose's white eye lids were closed in slumber, stalked through the cottage rooms and kept poor Winnie wide awake. But she had nob cut herself off entirely from the outside world. There were two papers that came by post to her regularly week after week. One was the Ceylon Ob server, the other the Western, Mercury. Some day, she thought, either of these might tell a talc. So the time flew by, one year, two years, and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition • one day, Rose, now a fair and fragile, but tall girl, found her mother lying on the ltttle couch, a newspaper on the floor, and her weeping face buried in the cushions. She flew to her side and tried to raise her up. " Oh, mother, dear little mother," she cried, "what is it? What is ib? Tell me, mother. Tell your Rose. Mother, mother, speak!" The mother sab up. She was calmer now, though very pale. "Rose, my darling," she said, "you are rather more than a child now. It is well you should know. Your father is dead." If Rose bent her head and shed tears it was more in sympathy with her mother than fo? any love she bore the man who had never be« haved as a father to her. Mrs. Roberts seat weeba with excuses to her pupils that evening. She could not go out, nor could she see any one. But when Weeba was gone she gathered Rose to her arms and told her, in sad but resigned tones, all the Btory of her childish love in Ghoolah woods, and Poise herself knew how sadly that dream of joy had ended. If it were possible mother and daughter loved each other better than ever now. There was nothing between .them—save the crims^* leach loved and trusted the other with a love / that nothing on earth could alter. Man and boy for over thirty, years, bold, Tbluff Captain Gregory, of the Arctic Queen, 3iad sailed back and fro to " the country," as Greenland is ever called by sealing or whaling sailors. He had come to own the Arctic Queen in part, and a bonnie ship she was. No sea that ever swept across the wild Northern ■Ocean could stave or sink her, no wind that ever blew had laid her on her beam ends, when Gregory himself was on deck. But storms before now had blown the sticks out of her, seas had carried her bowsprit off, and great green waves had smashed her boats and wrecked her winch and battered and tore at her bulwarks till they looked more like sheep hurdles than any tiling else that could be named. But her skipper was dauntless, and bis faith in the strength and sailinsr capabilities of his bonnie barque was like a man-child's faith in a loving father. It had been proposed by the other owners to make the Arctic Queen a steamer. "What for2" thundered Gregory at the meeting, and he brought his fat. red fist to the table with a bang as he spoke. " What for, I wonder!" he cried. "I can do all and more with my sailing barque than ever I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentlemen, there isn't a ship sails to the country that can go so close to the wind, or come round in less sea room, or run before the wind, or lay to so handsomely as the Arctic Queen. Steam in deed. Don't name it to me again or I'll sell out and jack her up. I'm a sailor ; you fellows have never been a mile from a cow's nose in all your bora days. Pardon my plainness, but no steamer for me, thanks." So no more had been said about turning the Arctic Queen into a puffing old tin kettle, and to do him justice it must be admitted that in any five yeara of her cruising the barque had brought home as many skins as any steamship afloat. So Captain Gregory had some reason to be proud of his barque. {To be continued.) 