HR03I THE GrKAVE! " Do we indeed desire the dcail Should still be near us at our side*?" . -TUNNTSON". " "Why," Daymond wrote, " do you im agine that I.'shall despise you for this con fession 'i Xone hut a whole-souled, high hearted woman could have mado it. Yon liave said you love me, frankly ; and I say in return that had the fountains of my heart.not been hopelessly dried up at their sources they iriust have sprung' forth gladly at Btich words from you. But the passion of love, dear friend, it is for me no more to know ; and I ~ liuld you iu too warm regard to offer you, in exchange for shekels of pure Opbir gold, a defaced and worthless coiuage." As Daymond penned the closing words of the sentence, the last rays of tlio smoky-red London : sunset were withdrawn. Only a little while airo lie had replenished the firo with fresh logs ; but tliey wore damp and charred slowly, giving forth 110 pleasant flame. lie struct a match and lighted a taper that stood upon his writing table. It created a fceblo oasis of yellow radiance upon the darkness of the great studio, and the shadow of Jjaymoud's head and shoulders, bonding above it, was cast upwards in jriffantesque caricature upon the skylight, reduced to frosty-white opacity by a burden of March snow. Daymoud poised the drying pen in white, .well-kept fingers, and read over what he had ?written. Underlying all the elegance of well modelled phrases was the sheer brutality of rejection, definitely expressed. Iiis fixieiy Btrung mental organisation revolted painfully at the imperative necessity of being cruel. " She asks for bread," he cried aloud, " and I am giving her a stouc !" The lofty ?walls and domed roof of his workshop gave back the words to him, and his sensitive ear noted the theatrical twang of the echo. Yet the paug of remorse that had moved him to speech was quite genuine. " Yon have heard my story." A great many people had heard it, and had been bored by it; but, sensitive :is Dayniond's perceptions were, lie was not alive to this fact. '? " Seventeen years ago, while I was still a student, dreaming of fame in a draughty Paris studio, I met the woman who was destined-I felt it then as I know it now -to be the ouc love of my life. SI13 was au Amoric Hi. a little older than myself. She was divinely beautiful to mo-I hardly know iflinttior Kho. was reallv so or not. "\Ye irave up all, each for each. She loft husband, home, friends, to devote her life to inc. I " He paused, ttying to sum up the list of his own sacrifices, and ultimately left the break, as potent to express much, and -went on : 41 Guilty as I suppose we were, we "were happy together-how happy I dure not even recall. Twenty-four months our life together lasted, and then come the end. It "was the cholera year in Paris; the year "which brought ine my first foretaste of suc cess in Art, robbed me of all jny in life. . . . She died. -Horribly ! suddenly I Aud the best of me lies buried in her grave." The muscles of his throat tightened, with the rigor that accompanies emotion ; his eyelids smarted. He threw back his still handsome head, and a tear fell shining on the delicately-scented paper underneath his 3)imd. He looked at the drop as it spread and soaked into a damp little circle, and made no use of the blotting-paper to remove the stain. Tfanv crudtly candid observer had told Davmond that he dandled this deso lation of his-took an jcsthctic delight in his devotion to the coffined. handful of dust that had once lived aud palpitated at his touch, lie would have have been honestly outraged and surprised, lot the thing was fruc. IT<? had made his sorrow into a hobby horse during the last fifteen years of honest regret, of absolute faithfulness to the memory of his fle&d; mistress. It gratified him to sec the "well-trained crcattue dance and perform the tricks of the icolc. He was aware that the romance of that past, which he re gretted with such real sincerity, added something to the glamor of his achieved re putation, his established fame, in the eyes of the world. The halo which itcastabonthim had increased hi* desirability in the eves of the groat lady who, after affording him jjumbcrk-ss unutilised opportunities for the declaration of a sentiment which her large handsome person and her largo handsome property had inspired in many other men, had written him a frank, womaulv letter, placing those commodities unreservedly at his disposal. And Raymond, in his conscious fidelity and unconscious vanity, must pcr forcc reply wiutrily, nipping "with the cast wind of non-reeiprocity the mature passion tendrics which sought to twine themselves about him. It was a painful task, though the obligation of it tickled him agreeably another proof of the inconsistency of the man, who may be regarded as a typo of humanity; for we are all veritable Day irionils, in that tlic medium which gives us back to our own gloating eyes day by day is never the crystal mirror of truth, but such a lying glass as the charlatans of centuries xigone were wont to make for aiicient kings and withered queen? to mop and mow in. Raymond pushed back his chair, and got up, and began to pacc from end to end of the studio. The'costly Atoorish carpiUs mufilcd the falling of his footsteps, which inter mittently sounded on the polished interspaces of the parqueted floor, and thou were lost agtiin in velvet silence. In the same way, In* tall figure, witli its thoughtfully bending head and bands clasped behind it. would be swallowed up amongst tlio looming shadows of tall easels or faintly glimmering sugges tions of sculptured figures which here and there thrust portious of limbs or angles of faces out of the dusk-to appear again with the twilit north window * for its back ground, or emerge once more upon the bor ders of the little island of taper-shine. So he moved amidst the works of his genius rest lessly and wearily to and fro, and the inco herent mutt erings which broke from him showed that his thoughts were running in the beaten track of years. .(i If I could see her again-if our eyes and lips and hands and licarta might meet for even the. fraction of a minute, as they used to do, it would bo enough. I could wait then patiently through the slow decay of the cyclcs for the turning of the koy iu rusty wards, and the clanking of my broken fetters on tiie cchoing stone, and the burst of light that shall, herald my deliverance from prison.'* lie lifted his arms above his head. " Oh, my dead love, my dear love ! if you, arc near, as I have sometimes fancied you were.-speak to me, touch me-once, 011I3* once." He waited a moment, with closed eyelids and outstretched hands, and then, ?with a dry sob of baffled longiug, stumblod biick to his writing-table, where the little j taper was flickering its last, and dropped 1 into his armchair* " And other women talk of love to me. "What'wonder I am cold as ice to them, re meinberiug her! " It was a scene lie had gone through scores of times-words and gestures varying ac cording to the pathetic inspiration o£ the moment. Ho knew that ho was pale, and tbut his eyes were bleared with weopiug, and he had a kind of triumph iu the knowledge that the pain of retrospective longing and of pr«M»nt hmeliuess was so poignantly real and keen. Out of the blackness behind his chair at that moment came a slight stir and rustle -not the sough of a vagrant draught stir ring ajnonir folds of tapestry, but nil un demably imuKiu wuiiU. x>uit Avilli tlic .suspicion that there li.'id been a -witness to his airoi^', lie turned-turned and saw Tier, thewell-beloved of the old, old time, suiiidinLT very-near him. Beyond a vivid sensation of "astoniMlmient, lie folt little. He did not tromblo with four -what was there in that, perfectly familiar face to fear r He did not fall stammeiiupr .with' incoherent l-apture, at her feet. And vet, a fow moments i\%o, he h:id felt that for one sishtof her, returned from the Unknow able to comfort him-dinged hack from Hie mysterious Beyond by his strong yearninijs -lie would have bartered fame, honor,, and wealth-submitted his body to unheard-of tortures-slied his blood to the last heart's drop. He had prayed that a iiiiraelo might be performed,. aud the prayer had been {{ranted. Ho had longed-desperately loured -to look 011 lier oneo more, aud the longing was satisfied. And ho.could only stare wide eyed, rind gape with dropped jaw, and say stupidly :: " Von For. answer she. turned her face-in hue; and line, and feature, not one whit altered no that the light mightillumiuc it fully, aud stood so i'i"r:tTilin"' liim in silence. Kverv porii of'lier seemed to ilniilc in thu t-i-rht of him ; lier lips n-ure parted in breathless expectancy; -Every hair of t-Iio " dark licad - dressed in the ftisliioii of fifteen years ago; every fold of the loose dress slie wore-a garment lie know again ; every lift and full of lier bosom seemed to cry out dimiblv to him. Them 'was a half-qnciohed spark glimincrinir in each of lier deep.eyes, that might have wanted only ono breath from bis month to break out into Hume. Her hands hung clasped before her. It seemed as if they ?were.only waiting for tho signal u> unclasp -for the outspread arms to summon him to lier heart ajjaiu. ' But tho signal did not j come.: He caught abroath. and repeated, i dully i ;;.'.'You I Itis-youi-" ' She returned :, "It is I." I The well-known tones ! llecollectisn up sprang in Ms heart like a gush of icy waters. For a moment he was thrilled to tho cen tre of. liis being. But the smitten nerve, chorda ceased to vibrate iu another moment, and he rose to offer her a chair. She moved across and took it, and he placed it by the angle of the wide heartli ; she lifted her skirts aside with a moveraout that came back to him a long way off, like her tone in speaking-and shading licr deep grey eyes from tho dull red heat with her white left hand, looked at him intently. Ho having pushed his own seat back into tho borders of tho Ehadowland beyond tho taper's gleam and the liearth-glow, looked back at her. ? That hand of hers bore no ring. "When he had broken the plain gold link that had fctfercd it in time past.lio had set in its place a ruby that had belonged to liis mother. Thcruby.wus on his finger now. IIo hid it out of sight iu the pocket of his velvet painting coat, not knowing why he "did so. And that moment she broke the silence with : . ' You see I have como to you at last." He replied, with conscious heaviness: " Yes-I see." " Has the time seemed, long ? "We have no time, you know, where. ... Is it many days since "Manydays." " 3fy poor Robert ! "Weeks? Months? 2s of. years r" " i'ifteen years." " Fifteen years ! And you have suffered all that time. Oh, cruel ! cruel ! If there was more light here, I niiglit see your face more plainly. Dear face ! I shall not love it less if there are lines and marks of grief upon it-it will not seem less handsome to me at forty than it did at f,\vent\'-iivo. All, I wish there was more light!" Tho old pettishly coaxing tones ! " But yet I do not wish for it, lest it should show you any change in me." "You are not changed in the lonst." He drew his breath hard. "It might bo 3'csterdajr " ho said, and left the scnteuco un finished. " I niri glad," said the voico that lie had been wont to recall to memory as wooingly sweet. " They have been kinder than I knew Oh ! it has always been so painful to recall," she went on, with.the old little half shrug, half shudder, " that I died an ugh/ death-that I was not pretty to look at as I lay in ray coffin ....!" Daymond recoiled inwardly. That vanity, ia a woman, should not be eradicated by the fact of her having simply ceased to exist, was :tn hypothesis never before administered for liis mental digestion. " How curiously it nil happened," she ?aid, her full tones trembling a little. It was autumn-do you remember ?-and the trees in the Bois and the gardens of Luxem bourg was fretting brown. Thero were brightly dressed crowds walking on the Boulevards, and sitting round the little tables outside the restaurants. One could smell chloride of lime and carbolic acid crossing the gutters, and sec the braziers burning at tlio corners of infected streets, and long strings of hearses going by ; but nothing seemed so unlikely as that either of us should be taken ill and die. We were too wicked, you said, and too happy.. .. . Only the good, miserable people were carried off. Because any other world would be more suitable to them than this. ... It was nonesense, of course, but it served us to laugh at. Then, because you could not trfl your great Salon picture, and wo could not afford the expense, you gave a supper at the Cafe des Trois Oiseauz-and Valery and the others joined us. I was so happy that night .... my new dress became mo .... I wore yellow roses-your favorite j\\[arcclial Xiels. When I was putting them in my bosom and my hair you came behind and kissed me on the shoulder. 0, iHon JJirn ! won Dim J I cau feel it now. "Wo went to the Varieties, and then to supper. I had never felt so gay. People arc like that, I remember having heard, just when .tlicy arc going to' die Va'.erv gaped-I believe he was half in love with me-and I teased him because I knew you would bo jealous. In those days you would hare been jealous of the studio icurc'ii. Ha ! ha : lia Davmond shuddered. The recurrent French phrases jarred on him : and something in her voice and manner sucrilicod inexpressibly his sensitive perceptions. He wondered, dumbly, whether she had always been like this. She went on : ".And then, suddenly, in the midst of the laughter, the champagne, the good dishes-the pains of hell!" She shuddered. " And then a blank,and wakiugup.iu bed at the hospital, still in llioso tortures-and getting worse, and seeing in .your white face that I was going to die ! Drip, drip ! I'could feel your tears falling upon my face, upon my hand ; but I was even impatient of you in my pain. Once I fancied that I beard myself saying that I hated you. Did I really r" "1 think-I believe you did. But of course " Dayniond stopped and shud dered as she leaned across to him caressingly, so near that her draperies brushed his knee aud her breath fanned upon his face. "Imagineit!" she cried, "tlrit Ihatedyou. You to whom I had siven nij-self-you for whom I left my " lie interrupted, speaking in all odd, strained voice, " Nevermind that now." " I had always wished to dio first," she resumed, ** but not m that way, not without lcaring you a legacy of kind words and kisses. All!" (her voice stolo to his ears most pleadingly), " do you know that I have been here, I cannot tell you how long, and you have not kissed me once, darling?"* She rose up in her-placo-she would lmvc come to him, but he sprang to his feet . and thrust out both hands to keep her off, crying,; "No, no." She sank back into her scat, looking at him wide-ej*ed and wondwingly. "Is he afraid of mcr" she whispered to mo heisclf. "I am not afraid of you," Daymond re : turned, almost, roughly. "But yon must make allowances for inc at first. Your sudden coming-the surprise " " Ah, yes! the surprise-and the joy " He cleared his throat aud looked another way. He was shamedly conscious that the emotion that stiffened his tongue and ham pered his gestures was something widely different from joy. lie spoke again, con fusedly. " This seems like old times-be fore " "Before I died," she said, u without bid ding urood-bye to you.' Dear, if you guessed how I have longed to know what ycfti said and did when it was all over, you would not mind telling me. .... 4 Are they grieving \- fhose whom X have left behind V ' is a question 'that is often asked in the place T come from. You were sorry. You cried. Ah.I I kuow 3*ou must have cried.'' " X believe," Dayiuond returned, moving restlessly in his chair, ".that I did. Aud I -kissed you, though the doctors told ine not. I wanted to catch the cholera .and die too, X believe." * " Yes? " ; . ? " Aud when the people came with-the cofiin, I-" lie bit hid lip-I would ;«ot lot them touch j'ou." " My poor boy . " f He winced from the tenderness. He felt with indescribable sensations the liirht pros-:; sure of that well-known, oncc wellrloved I t >uch upon his arm. " Aud theu-after tlie funeral, I believe X had a brain fever." Ho passed his hand t7irougli his waving, slightly lmir, as if to assist his lagging memory- really as an excuse for shaking off that intolerable burdeu of her hand. "And when I. re covered, Ifonnd thatthere wasno way to, forgetfuluess"-he heard her sigh faintly -" except through work. I worked then I am working still.". " Always nlone ? " " Generally alone. I have never married." 'i " Of coursc not." A faint dissent began to stir in him at this mattci'-of-fact acquicscencc in his widowed turtle-like celibacy*. " It may interest you to know," ho observed, with a touch of the .pompous manner which had grown ujkm him with the growth of his reputation, "that my career has been successful in the strongest sense of the word. I have beeonio, I may say, one of the leaders of the world of Art. Upon the decease or resignation of thi> Presi dent of. the , it is more than -probable that I shall bo invited to oociip)* his vacant place. «And au intimation lias reached me, from certain eminent. quarters " ho paused weightily, " that a baronetcy will be conferred upon inc, in that event!" " Yes ?"? . ; . -< -r The tone betrayed.an absolute lack of at tention. She had oncc been used to take a keen interest in his occupations ; to be cast down by his failures and elated by liis sns cesscs. Had tliat enthusiasm constituted the greater part of her charm ? It its absence, Dayinond began to find her-must it be confessed?-but indifferent company. In (he embarrassment that momentarily sUilonod liim,an old habit oamo to hiw rosrrm.*. Before ha knew it, lie had talren a cigar from a silver box upon the writin^'-tabU', uii'l '.VMS saying, with the politely apologetic accent of the would-be smoker: " Hay I? You used not to mind 1 Shu made a. gesture of assout. As the first rings of bluish vapour, mounted into the air, Daymond found lier . watching him through them, with thoio intent, expectant" eyes.' ? ' ' . . ? : ;l ' ;' ; ? Feeling himself bound to make some obser vation, lie said : "it is very wonderful to mo to see you hero. It was very good of you to come." Slie returned: . "They had to let me come, I think. I begged so-I prayed so, that at last " ';he pai sed. .Dayinond was not listening. He was looking at her stedfastly, and thinking. .' . . Ik .lmd been his whim, in the first poignancy of bereavement, to destroy all portraits of her, so that with the ,'lapso - of years no faulty touch should bewray the memory of her vanished beauty. It struck: him now for the first.time that his brush had played the courtier, and flattered her, for the most part, unblushingly. He found' himself criticising, unfavorably the turn of her throat and the swell of her bosom, and the dark, voluptuous languisliment of her look. The faint perfume of heliotrope that was shaken forth now, as of old time, from her hair and her garments iui longer intoxicated, but sickened him. This, then, was tlio woman lie lind mourned for fifteen years !? Ho began to feel that lie had murmured unwiselj'at tho dispensation of Providence. Ho began to revolt at this recrudescence of an outworn passion-to realiso that at twenty-five he had taken a commonplaco women for a divinitv-a woman ivhom, ' if she hud not died wh*cn slie did, lio'would have wearied of-ended perhaps in hating.. He found himself in danger of hating her now! "At last they let me comc. , They said I should repent it-as if I could !" Her eyes rested on him lingeriugly ; her hand stilled the eager trembling of her lips. ? '* Never ! Of course you teemed a little strange at first. Toil are not quite-not quite yourself now; it is natural-after 'fifteen years. And presently, when I tell you-- O ! what will you say when I tell'you all? ' She left, her chair and ca 1110 towards liim.so swiftly that ho had not time to. avoid her. She laid licr hand ou liis liouldcr uud bent, her mouth to his ear. One of her peculiarities had been that lier .' hps were always cold, oven when her passion burned most fiercely. The nearness ot those lips, 'unco so maddeningly desirable and sweet, made Daymond's flesh creep liombly. He breathed with difficulty, and the great drops of agony stood thiekJy ou his forehead -not with weak, superstitious terror of the ghost; with unutterable loathing of the woman. . . " Listen !" said she. "They are wise in tho place I camo from; tlic}r know things that are not known hero. You have heard it said that once in the life of every human being living upon earth comes a. time when the utterance of a wish will be followed by its fulfilment. The poor might bo made rich, the sick well, the sad merry, the love less beloved- in one moment-if they could only know wlieu that moment coines. But not once in a million lifetimes do they hit upon it; and so they live penniless anil iu p;uu, and sorrowful and lonely, ml their lives. I let my chance go by, like many others, long before I died; but yours is vet to come." Her voice thrilled with a note of wild triumph ; the clasp of her arm tightened on his neck. "Oh, love! she cried, '' the wonderful moment is close at hand f It is midnight now "-she pointed to .the great north window, through which the frosty silver face of the moon was star in" in relief against a framed-in square o£ velvet blackness, studded with twiukling starpoints-" but with the tirat signs of the dawn that vou and X luivo greeted together heart of my heart '.-how many times in the days that" miv come again !-with the sieving of the East aud tho paling of the stars comas the Opportunity for you. Now, do you understand ? " lie understood, and quailed before her. But she was blindly confident in his truth,. . stupidly reliant on his constancy. " When it comes, beloved, you shall take' ' me iu your arms-breathe your wish upon these lips of mine, in a kiss. Say, while God's ear is'open, ' Father, Give her back to mo, living and loving, 'as of old'' and I shall bo given-I shall bo given ! " She threw both arms about him and leaned to liim, and sobbed aud laughed with the rapture of her revelation and tho anticipa tion of the joy that was to cow*. " liememcniber, you must not hesitate, or tho golden chance will pass beyond recall, and I shall go back whence I came, never inore to return-never more to clasp you, dearest otic, until you die too, and come to ine (aro you cold, that you sTiuddcr so:) and be with me for always. Listen listen '. ' As she lifted her hand rlio greatest of all the great bell-voices of London spoke out the midnight, hour. As other voices ans wered from far and near D.iymoud shuddered and put his dead lovo from him, and rose up trcmblimr and gliastlv pale. Thev moved together to the window, ; and stood looking out. The weather was about to change ; the snow was melting, the tliaw drip splashed heavily from roof-sruttbrs and balconies, cornices and window ledges. As she laid her hand once more upon liis shoul der the stars beiran to fade out one by one, and in a little while from then the eastward horizon quivered with the firdt faint throes of dawn. "Wish!" she cried. " Now !: now ! j before it is too late.". : _ : She moved as if to throw herself again upon his breast; but ho thrust her from him with resolute hands that trembled no more. ? _ " I wish," ho said very distinctly, " to be Sir Robert Davmond, Baronet," and President of the-; "before tho year is out." She fell away from him, and' waned, and became unsubstantial and shadowy liko the "host she .was, aud unlike tlio thiug of flush and bloodshe had seemed before. Nothing remained to her of lifelikcnesa but the scorn and anger, the anguish and reproach ' of her great eyes. ' " Only the Dead arc faithful to .Love because thev are dead," slio said. ."The living live on-and forget. They may re member sometimes to regret; us-beat their l>rcai;ts aud call upon our names-but tliey shudder if we answer back acvofs. the dis tance ; and if wo should offer to coino back, ' Returni' they say ; ' go and lid down in tho comfortable graves we have mado you : there is no room for ymi in you'.' old places any more I was . told I should bo sorry for eominpr; but X would not listen, I trusted so iu you. I am wiser now-wiser now ! Good bye." A long sigh fluttered by him in the Reml obscurity, liko a bird with a broken wing. There was a rattling 01 : curtain-rings, the dull sough of falling tapestry, and tho open ing and closing of a door. She was gone: and Dayinond, waking from strangely dreamful slumbers to the olieerlcssuess of dying embers and burned out candle, rang the bell for his servaut, and ordered lights. A' few minutes later saw liim,' perfectly dressed, stepping into liis cab.. ' i ' V Uhesterlicld Gardens, Mayfair," he said, giving the direction to his valc-L for transference to the groom. . " JJeg pardon,sir. but Lady Slaty I'rasor's servant is still waiting." The man pointed back to tho house. ; ?. " Ah !" said Dayinond, who had : had ? a passing gliinpso of alien cord gaiters repos ing before liis hall fire. "Tellium I luivo taken the answer to bis mistress myself." Aud as lie spoke ho scattered it handful of toru-ujt squares .of paper-tho fragments of a letter probably-in largesse to the. , night and the gusty weather. The,two Roumanian cities, r Galalz and Braila, 011 the Dauube, were lately connec ted' by telephone, which is, liko the toIegrai>h iu that' country; an institution''of tho Stato. i Before its opening tho ordinance of tho Government.for its use was published in the official gazette, the principal part of : which is as follows : .. A person who wants to have intercourse 'with another by telephone is bound to notify that person beforehand by letter, telegraph Or otherwise." A ^Ir ICir . Standi; iu Braila, dealer in produce/ was about to close a contract for a supply: of barley quoted, at the Board of Trade in G.ilatz. Jj'oe this purpose he went to the telephone otiieu, and after paying the fee desired to get telephone connection with a Mr Pnstraiuaki, his correspondent in Galatz. '".Very well ; liavo you informed jUr Pastra maki ?" " \Vliatfor? He is in Galatz, and tile person to whom 1 want to tele phone." . " That would not do, sir. . Hero is the ordinance.: Before you enn telephone to liim you mu»t inform liiin ..beforehand, by telegraph, letter, or in any other way." " Nonsense ! ''Is ' the Government crazy ? Maybe the}' ask mo to travel to Galatz and. miorm mm that 011 n ecrtsun day and 'i hour ho iii-iy bo at the telephone oiHcc to rccoivo; ". communication from mo.';' Yes,that,, .would do, too," tlio oilicml said. j[r Kir Zuridi had to ^ivc up Ills barley deal. ' ': A lionso was in Haines at AValliain-greeii.' .A mother and father and two children np pcaroil at a t.i|) , htorj- window.. As tlio ,llamas Approached them the mother jumped into the roadway below. Tlio father ,tlien throw the two children ' out;;' and jninped after them himself. All four were dreadfully injured. ? < ? . > ?- ? \- Private soldiers arb to be: provided with pocket haudkereliief;;, upon wlnuh willbe printed'tho drill regulations,. . 