HAUiLTiiH. -RAOB& — - In Another column will be found the handicaps lor ihe principal -events at the annnali meeting -qf the HJELG., be tield <m -lhB' 22nd ana 23rd insk Mr. Ekene'e sdjntiznmite , will. up, Mwaps, ue w&ua6a; Wibu -UltUfiStt . py those who are Jnferested in the races, and these include a great number of persons. - A reference to' onr advertising oolnmnB will ! show tiret : an alteration - has - been tnadeiln x» -wm - ue rememuerea xnat very few eniafoe jrare received, for fhis, and in 'oon- :Bu-1to(MmIimfofe.'ljy. gtb&H; "Si; «ent -agrMainJthafato, aha fceshehtiies iwRI bereoeivbd opto the Ist'inst. lit now' reflde Amatenr laov. each ; weight, 2st Stgsgauvsaaa- tetWfflUBBieaUygooa ystiio : oi tlTioioeW -.jUiir ipsls-vi«.(, ':AC&NPIMtt;!I3bN :'SERVICflSiIr-jij Ulim -flay teps and in the front seats, and the yonng girls looked very pretty m their white spaaaea and veils. Having tested the know ledge of the school childted of the church to bitiiop gddreseed ie candidates on the question of ihe sao lament they were about fa) room ye, pointing out its object ana the virtnes with which rtendned the recipient in the shape of the seven gifts of to Holy Ghost— wisdom and nnder- standing, couul and fortitude knowlege and piety, and the fear of God. he ceremony of administering the Sacrament; Jbegan, to confirmees kneeling in pairs before to Bishop, who was waisted by the Rev. Fathers Hunt Sbffirman, Chknahan and Cloary. Mr. Cohmi, head teacher of to school, looked after the boys, and his assistant, Miss Younger, attended to the girls, while to Rev. Father Shana- han marshalled the older people. Eaoh candidate took a. name, gcucu, v. - patron saint; bv which he or she was ad dressed by to Bishop in confirming them. After tbe ceremony, which occupied a con siderable time, as there were nearly lbO persons, : was - over, the Bishop again ad dressed the congregation, and after speak ing to those confirmed upon the value of to gifts they had received, he congratulated the congregation upon the happy result of the missionaries' efforts among them. He trusted that when, next be came to Hamil ton it -would -be for to purpose of laying the completion -stone of the' church, which required to be extended. Tbe Kev. M. J. Shanataan made a few announcements, stating that he was pleased to be able to "oay that about 130 in Colersine, and 130 m Panshurst, had also' received the Sacra ment of confirmation, and these large numbers he ascribed to the labours of the missionaries/ Further, he said that on next Sunday evening one of the Redemp- torists, Father Sherman, would preach. The congregation, after receiving the Bishop's blessing, then dispersed. -j IT iMTr.TnwOnioKBTCl.lJnv.DlBI'UIUT. — Muto tluzu tumal DBS D66B manifested by onr local cricketers in the coming match next Saturday. Mr. D. Bottenll has undertaken to bring a very strong combination of district players, as follows Bath, Cameron, Dorack, Donaldson, Edgar, .Furrier, Graham, Grainger, Hayman, Onyons and Speake, -with- winch- team he hopes to lower the colors of the Hamilton Cricket Clob, who have so for gone through the season with out a defeat. The players to do battle for Hamilton are as follow:— J. Botterill, Hunt, Melville, -Moon, Reynolds (2), H'Lellan, Cavensgh, Bippon (2), and Johnson. Play to start punctually at 12-15. The National Show. — There is every likelihood of the annual grant of £500 on account of the National Agricultural Show being discontinued, as it is looked upon as being practically a useless expendi ture that might advantageously be saved in these days oE retrenchment (says the Argus.) The whole amonnt of to grant has been hitherto given each year to an agricultural society at some centre of popu lation, to enable the society to augment its prize-list and make its show as attractive as possible. It was left to the Minister of Agriculture for the time being, to. allot the £500, and the vote has caused keen wrangling and contention among the princi pal provincial societies, those of Geelong and Hamilton bring at present engaged in a warfare as to which town should receive the £500 this year. Ministers generally consider that the annnal show held by the Royal Agricultural Society at Flemington is of a more national character than the so- called " national" shows, and it is extremely Erobable that on the Minister of Agriculture ringing the matter under the notice of the Cabinet it will decide to discontinue tbe grant to to latter. Hamilton Mechanics' Institute and Fbee Librae y. — The ordinary monthly meeting of to committee of this institu tion was held last evening, the President, Mr, J. H. Dsymond, occupying the chair. Tbe Treasurer reported a credit balance . of £10 8s 5d. The Librarian reported having received £8 0s fid for subscriptions and sale of paper. The visiting committee reported that everything had been going on satisfactorily daring the past month. The Chairman stated that the late Mr. Knight had been written to with regard to Mr. Dodd's trophy; but no reply having been received, he would move that Messrs. Cavensgh, Biggs and M'LucMe be appointed a com mittee to decide what was to be done with the trophy. Seconded by Mr. Friend and carried. Accounts amounting to £9 15s were passed for payment, "and the meeting closed. The Late T. R, Knight. — There was a good attendance of members of to Progressive Political League in the Odd fellows' Hall last evening, Mr. W. Renfroy occupyirg the chair. The Chairman ex plained that the meeting had been called to consider the question of raising funds to assist the widow of the late T. R. Knight, who had met with such a sudden death. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. A. Ryan) stated that to amounts promised had reached to sum of £15 12s 2d, while £4 0s 6d had been received; a total of £19 12s 8cU Mr. S. G. Fogg was added to the canvassing com mittee, and it was decided to close the sub scription lists on the 31st inst. On the motion of Mr. Fogg, it was agreed to com- municate with all the Friendly Societies in Hamilton, asking them to send delegates to a meeting to be held on the 22nd inst., to consider the advisability of holding an ientertainment, and after transacting some routine business, the meeting closed. A Peculiar Freak of Nature.— Apsley is not to he outdone in aoyteing, even in to matter ofJfcoJ T»f . nature (writes our correspondent), as on Sunday morning. -«W known by the name of jjinberlna, belonging to Mr. W. Montgomery, presented its owner with a double-headed calf, having a body and tail resembling that of a wild dog. The bonee of to head were bifurcated. just from below the forehead, forming two separate muzzles. There were fonr well-formed eyes, two being natural and two abnormal (one being placed in the forehead). The mouths were somewhat pointed, each with a complete set of double teeth with a prominent tooth in front, thus presenting to appearance of a rat rather than a call From information kindly supplied by the owner, it appears to cow was in trouble some time previous to Sun day, and -was therefore watched with tender solicitude by those most interested. About 2 a.m. on to day mentioned, Mr. Mont gomery, finding the poor animal unable to rise, gave.it a bottle of porter, following it with another bottle shout half- an-honr afterwards. As these stimulants ap parently had no effect, half a bottle of brandy was administered, with tbe result that to calf referred to was ushered into to world dead. The owner is to be com- plimeuted upon his liberal ideas as to tem- nAmnnn rlnnlrc Inv Mtom s«i Is butwhat, if to poor beast had been treated Btrictly on teetotal principles, she would never have recovered and died where she laid. . The Rechabite Meeting. — At the ordinary meeting of the Western Honeer Tent on Tuesday evening, the Secretary, (Bro. E. MnlhaU), presented a statement of to receipts and expenditure of to enter tainments in connection with to District ; Meetings recently heia in Hamilton. The receipts were— Soiree, £13 15s ; picnic, £46 12s; lantern entertainment. £20 9s ; dona tions towards cost of. tea, £12 10s. Total receipts, £93 6s. The gross expenditure amounted to £91 17s, leaving "a eurplus of £1 9a A number of letters from delegates, cengratulating to Tent on to sucoess which had attended the gathering,, were re ceived. A -hearty - vote tonim was pareed; tp to committee whohad ohge pf she ftrwaiaciwoHfai onH anflifl.l mtmfaAn mB made of Bro. Gnhhtb whose- kindnresihe saHnfRBtory -'financial—result is mainly! owing;-. . .k j i Ogi Vanpusparts M -tojHsmilfon , Wealeysh: oimmt,tto)ietovjjsrided ito.jnjrk their high ' appreciation oI' Mr. ' Hood's labors among— torn -fay- nodal «ven- fogs ana prciBBtfiiic&L;&iM;&t; Byadnk BeribriPGrishSrifiatmui" difatolf , moneys htoH M ararth iriembriii; :wtth which foipurohtolsome'gift of Mr. Hbodiaiown f»tieotion;T - :On Wednesday evening thriutnembersiiof Vthe Macarthur enjoyed, themselves immenreiy- wrfts chfiirman, and directed the proceea inge. After refreshmente tton' ot, Mr. law. called , on Mr.A-.E- Qallin !fa) make to presentation, that gentieman didin remarks. He expressed the rwret teii at Mr. - Hood's removal, ana hoped ihat h would -do well whatever be went. Ane present consisted of a handsome bound volume of the Teacher's Bible and a book of Banker's , hymns. Mr, Hood feelirly responded, thardongthem lor tor Mfidgift, which ' he would value most for the spirit tot prompted to giving of it ... He was glad te have been of help to to members of the class, as well as to know that they appreciated his labours among them. Whenever he went he would have a kmdly feeling towards the class here. At Broad water on Thursday evening a. public social was held, Mr. Wm. Roberts presiding, and making a presentation of a very handsome silver-mounted travelling case. There were several from Macarthur present, some of whom took part in the long programme pro vided. The spacious church was full and all appeared to enjoy themselves. During to eveniogrefresfamenta werehandedround. The whole of the meetinga were a spon taneous tribute to Mr. Hood's labour, and cannot fail to be gratifying to him. Baptist Hoke Missions.— A meet ing was held at the - Baptist -Chmrch on Monday evening in connection with the Baptist Home Missionary Society, when Mr. J. Magilton, to agent of to Society at Koondrook, on to River Murray; de livered an interesting address on bush mimrinn work The address was illustrated by a large map, showing all the -more im portant mission stations occupied by the Baptist Church in the colony ,and with its aid, Mr. Magilton traced in a lucid manner the history of the work from its inception. He described to difficulties which had to be encountered, spoke of the excellent results vhidi has been accomplished, aud-'ehowed that, without interfering with places already occupied by other churches, there was stiLl abundant room to extend their efforts if to necessary means were available. Insolvency. — A meeting of creditors in the insolvency estate of Robert Henry, coach- bnilderand fish-monger.of Hamilton, was held in to office of to Chief Clerk at the Hamilton Court-house on Tuesday. No creditors appeared and the meeting riosed: Case of Alleged Larcent. — Charlci- Girdlestone appeared on remand before the Hamilton Fqlice Court ou Tues day, charged with to larceny of two pairs of boots, to property of Jos. Jas. M'Intyre, Moutajup. The prisoner desired . to be dealt with summarily by to Bench. Jos. Jas. M'Intyre, labourer, stated that he had . been working at Dnggan Swamp for Mr. Rowe. Prisoner worked there. On 27th February, saw him go towards the tents. Afterwards missed a pair of blucher hoots and canvas Bhoes. Those produced in oourt were his property. Valued them at 15s. Constable Trainor stated that when he arrested prisoner at Warrnambool, be wore a pair of canvas shoes and had to boots in his swag. This witness gave particulars about the arrest. Prisoner then acknow ledged to offence, and asked to Bench to deal leniently with him, having received a sentence of six months on the previous day. Messrs. J. E. Kenuan and J. H. Daymond, J's.P., to presiding magistrates,' said they would take into consideration that prisoner had been sentenced to six months' im prisonment on the day previous, and would order him to be imprisoned for an additional month with hard labonr, and to pay "lis costs. Merino Mechanics' Institute. — The monthly Mechanis' committee meeting was held recently, to President (Mr. Jones) presiding. The Secretary reported having received the plans and specifications of proposed new room from to Chief Secre tary's office, with acknowledgment and permission to spend a certain amount of Government grant in building purposes. It was derided to take Cassell's " Saturday Journal " and the " Illustrated London News." The matter of taking a volume of Webster's International Dictionary was (Us- cussed,but not thought advisable at present. The Secretary reported having caught parties throwing stones on the Institute to the danger of property and annoyance of members, and by the orders of the managing committee, had placed the matter in the hands of to police, with the result that the culprits bad been brought np and fined. The action of the managing com mittee in this matter was fully endorsed by the present committee. It was derided to call tenders for a new reading room forth with, to be returnable by the 20th inst., and the Secretary to call a special meeting on 21st to consider the same. The Treasurer's report showed £4 6s 3d, collected during the month, the bank account standing at £50 3s 9d in credit. Tbe meeting then closed. . He Was Easily Satisfied. — Some nights ago a resident living in a back-block town was awakened by to wife of his bosom, who imagined she heard a noise in to house. Our rural friend did not at all relish getting out of bed and braving all sorts of unknown dangers, bat the guid wife would not be pacified and, remember ing that of two evRe one should choose to least, he arose. With fear and trembling he opened the door a little and called oat, " Is anybody there ? " when a voice replied from the darkness, "No." This satisfactory information allayed to fears of to worthy oouple. andboth of them went peacefully to sleep, but on rising in the morning toy discovered that tbe voice in (he night had -sot spoken to truth, for on coming to the kitchen they found (jut the hams and rides of bacon'whiriihad adorned to rafters were missing. It is understood that they will not be so trustful in .the future. Macarthur Cricket - Club. — The : Club (writes our correspondent) intend having a concert on St. Patrick's night in aid,of to /funds, which require replenish ing- During the day a match is expected to be played between Macarthur and a combined team from Harton Hills and' Moyne Falls, and . a good game is looked for. Apsley.— Onr correspondent writes : — The changes into weather have lately been very marked. Last week we were frizzled, and now we are shivering with to cold, samples of Australian .weator with a vengeance 1 - No Accidents occurred tout here, as far as I know, with to excessive heat last week, altoujgi Mr. H. Usher (B. Rrid and Co.), a 'commercial travriler, lost two of his fine' borate, presumably from heat apoplexy whflstteavriling through to desert from Lillimnr to Francis, enroute to' Apsley. — Our cpmmpn is getting vary bare of grass, and cattle are correspondingly low ; in condition. It :is a question .for ribor people, what goodtose commons do. For tout three months in to year toy keep a cow inmoder ately good condition. After that toy are usriem as . regards feed, ,and to owners have to pay 8e or lOe per head per annum or 25 per cent, of their value for to privilege (f allowing their cattle to wander rom to doors." . 