The Storyteller. WITHOUT AND WITHIN. CHAPTER II. A MEW ENGLAND TKA-TA11LK. (Ctntinued.) * The grace of God, I hope,' said I, medi tatively. ' Or it might be that maahroom courage which springs up to the help of most people in an emergency ; yet ia neither divine inspiration nor ttrengtb of will. At least, I am by no moans certain that it was not that in my csse.' Hn. Divine looked a mute inquiry. ' It never happened to me to officiate as chaplain for a ' tableful of men' more than once,' I answered, ' though I have done it several times in the presence of a masculine or two ; who, by reason of his youth or irreli^ion, coold not be expected to ?ay grace himself. That once was in Michi gan. Travelling in a sparsely-settled portion of the State, it befel me to stop for a night ?t the house of a devout Methodist sister, n ho, having satisfied herself tb»t I was not altogether a ' dweller in the tents of Kedar' — to uae her own expression — entertained me with a lengthy account of her religious ex perience, and beset me with questions of doctrine and dnty. Among other things, she bewailed herself that the family meals wero eaten unblessed, as she iras a widow, and ior sons unconverted. * For, of course, I could not ask a blessing myself,' she concluded — ' Why not ?' said I ;' I do not see the im propriety.' — 'But I have five grown up ?on and two farm-hand ; they would laugh at me !'— ' I think not,' said I ; ' certainly not, ?when they were once accustomed to it.'— - ' Would yon do it in my place ?' — ' Without a doubt.' And I thought no more of the matter, until, at tbe table, with the five stalwart sons on the one hand, and tbe farm-hands and female ' help' on the other, I was called upon by my hostess to ' ask a blessing.' I confess I was slightly discon certed for an instant ; but I said the graco composedly enough nevertheless, and the five unconverted sons did not laugh.' ' And that reminds me/ said Mrs. Divine, ' of an incident — a pretty little incident— in one of Sir 'Walter Scott's — I think it's in Bedqauntlet. It's your turn to look surprued sow ; but really it's the only book where 1 ever read of a lady'a saying grace before men —and I've read a good many books in my day.' There was no doubt she bad. Her talk tvsb full of chance allusions and odd scraps of information, tbat showed a confirmed, though desultory, habit of reading. Yet the desul torinesa was probably less a matter of choice than a necessity of the case, for the family library contains little but a heap of old ?Imanscs and newspapers, yellow as anoient parchment— a set of Hannah M ore's works that might have crossed the Atlantic with the first divine tbat settled in America — a Scott's Commentary, well thumbed — a Josephua — a Pilgrim's pyogyess. minus one cover and some leaves, — a History of the United States, and the S Miles of Connecticut. So that Mrs. Divine must have satisfied or appeased her intellectual hunger with suob miscellaneous books as cbauce has flung within her reach. She presided at her tea-table in the most cheery, hearty, and informal way ; often be ginning a sentence in her chair, end finishiog it, in a raised voice, from tbe pan try, whither she had strayed in search of a knife* er epoon, or an additional viand where witb to allure toy slow sppetite. Opposite to her sat sa upright, angular, severe figure, which I took to belong to the respectable sisterhood of old maids, until it was introduced to me as Mrs, Prescott, a widowed daughter of tbe Louse ; my own vis-v-vis being the only i child of the same, Alice Prescott — a shy, blue-eyed maiden, who never once ventured to look me in the face, and only answered me, when I spoke to her, in nervous mono I syllables. The ' men folks,' I was informed, I would sup later ; and would have laughed to .scorn an invitation fo satisfy their 'labor- whetted appetites with the cates and dainties *rhereon we had fessted. ' No, indeed,' said i Mrs. Divine. ' The cold boiled pork and beef and potatoes left from dinner, with plenty of bread and butter and apple-pie, is 1 what they want.' : Tea over,' I was kindly advised to prepare i for, the night's vigil, by getting an hours reat* .So I 'underwent a kind of figurative burial in a hogo heap of downy feathers, let iiny head sink into a soft unsubstantiality of I pillow ; and, while listening to a rambling t talk between Bona and Mala, slid into a con tused and stifled sleep; perturbed with ) dreams of a time and a porsou that it is the jkniiness of my walking hours to forget* A little before nine, I rose, donned a loose ibiok wrapper, best adapted of anything in my wardrobe to the chill watches of a night (near the end of May, up here among the hill tops (yet not without misgivings lest its bright hue and flowered border should seem incongruous with the place where my watch was to be kept), and went down to the , kitchen. It was a cheery picture upon which I entered. The weather was atill ! cool enough for an evening fire on the hearth; tand ita dancing blaze reddened the dingy , walls and the dark oaken ceiling, played at .hide and seek with the shadows in the corners, laughea at its own reflection in tho ?pewter plates of tbe dresser, and lit up with |a ruddy glow the sun-browned, strong* ?featured faces aronnd it. Mrs. Divine sat at i one corner of the hearthstone, monding cer tain coarse garments by the light of a tallow icandle— tbe candlestick being upheld by a inueint, primitive piece of furniture wbiob .sue called a candle-stand, consisting of an 'upright post on three legs, with a cross- bar lat top, capable of being raised or lowered at Qcleasure ; to one end of which crossbar the candlestick was hung, and to the other tbe 'snuffers. Opposite to ber sat a white-haired, ?dreamy-visaged personage, known universally g«s ' Uncle True,' who merits a more extended ^description, and shall get in^it some future epistle. In a shadowed corner, Mrs. Prescof 'sat and knitted with the grim energy that {characterises all her movements ; and by the ..Ub'le two young roou were amusing thetn I selves with a game of checkers. But all ?those were subordinate to tho central figure of '.the picture — Farmer Divine himself — in a ijwide arm-chair, aliirt.sleeved and loose i vested, with the fall lightof the fire shed upoa i^bii large* portly frame, and good-humored, in I'ltclligent face, and talking cheerily in a loud, (hearty voice, that had not a trace of in sincerity nor of reticence in it. Obviously, l-^ho lorpjir kept open house, opon hetit, open mind ; whoever would, might enter and par take freely of such entertainment as was to be found. Nothing would be concealed, nothing made to show fahely, nothing tricked out in unaccustomed finery. Sun days and week-days the fire would be the same— never delicate, nor Inscious, nor high seatoned ; but always substantial and whole some, and offered with a simple heartiness that would be better than any studied re finements of courtesy. He roae and greeted me cordially, taking my hand in his broad, brown palm, where it lookod as pale and unsubstantial as if it had been cut out of French paper ; and smilling down upon it from bis noble altitude of six feet, with a half-amused half- pitying ex pression — ' It's high time yon can to Shiloh, Miss Frost,' said he. ' A little longor stay in tbat smoky Sodom where you came from ' (pointing over his shoulder with his thumb) ' would have made you something liko the old woman tbat dried up and blew away. But do you s'pose you can put up with our plain country ways V ' Better than you can put up with our lazy city habits, I suspect. For example, I never rose at fire o'clock in my life. I hope Mrs. Divine will not think it too much trouble to give me my bread and water a little later for. the present.' 1 Dread and milk 1' exclaimed Mrs. Divine ; ' you can have tbat at any hour of the dsy you like, hy just stepping into the pantry and helping yourself. But your breakfast will be ready when you're ready for it, and not. a minute before. I can clap down a bit of chicken to tbe fire whenever it a wanted.' 'Thank you ; I will not tax yoor indul gence long. Mr. Divine/ iB it far to the WarransJ' ? ; ? ' ?? '? ??? ? ' Only a step, — the first house beyond the church — yon can't miss it. But as you're a stranger in these parts, maybap you wouldn't like to go alone. Alice shall go with you.' ? But Alice will have to return alono.' « Well, where's the harm ?' - ' Why, is it the custom here for ladies to go about by themselves, in the evening? Are there no thieves or desperadoes about V 1 None that trouble anything but the hen house. Why, you might walk off for two miles or more without meeting anything worse than Bill SomerR's o'd white horse, that Mis' Burns took for a ghost the ocher night, and was frightened clear out of her wits.' And the old farmer chuckled inwardly. ' Then I will not trouble Miss Alice, thank you. I shall roally enjoy finding my way by myself. There will be a pieassnt spice of adventure about it. But, Mrs. Divine, I should like mote rhinute travelling directions in a way. What sort of people are the Warrens?1 ' Poor folks enough, I suppose But people think they've teen better days. They're new cowers here— tbat is, they've only lived here going on three years.' [To be continued.] ? 