THE Home on the Marsh CHAPTER XVII. Continued. THE hells of Denham Church, which was close by, had begun to ring before break fast was over, and Lady Mills wanted to know who was going. " I am going, for one," said Mrs. Clowes, and she looked across at Mr. Carruthers, who was helping himself to a great deal of marmalade. . " Do try to make up a respectable num ber," said Lady Mills. " You can do just what you like, you know, as soon as it is over ; and people in the country think so much of it. We scandalise the neigh bourhood quite enough, as it is, by not going to bed at ten o'clock, and other wicked practices. And last week we we were only three at church out of a party of seventeen." " Are you going, Miss Christie ? Yes, of course you are. I'll go, if you will find all the places for me," said Mr. Carruthers. And when we got to church-we mus tered eight altogether-he sat by me, and picked out from among the books the biggest church-service he could find, which he put in front of me when the col lect was given out, whispering " Find it for me, please." At first I would not take any notice, for it was just like playing in church ; but he began making such a disturbance, rustling the leaves of his book, looking over those of his neighbours, and drop ping with a crash all those within reach on the ledge before him, that I was obliged to find it for him, and all the other places too during the service, just as'if he had been a little boy. But I was very angry all the time, and when we came out I would not speak to him. He came however and walked by my side, while I talked to somebody else, and at last he said meekly " Have I offended you ? " " Yes," I said "I think you are very irreverent." " I didn't mean to be irreverent," he ,'said, in a still meeker tone. " But it is so dull in church and-not be -able to follow the service, and it looks so bad to be fumbling in one's book all the time and find the place only when the. parson' is. a long-way ahead. And you can always find it in a minute." "You should go to church oftener^ and then you could find the places as, well as I," rejoined I severely. " Yes, but I always have such a lot to do on Sunday mornings in town," said he mournfully-" pipes to smoke, and-and other things. But I'll try to go. oftener ; I dare say it will do me-good."' " I'don't believe going to church does people like you any good at all," re marked Igravely. And Mr. Carruthers burst, out laugh ing, and'said it was very wrong of me to discourage him just when he wanted, to try to be good. At luncheon I sat beween him and clever Mrs. Clowes, who described the sermon in such a way that made every body laugh, and said a lot of amusing and unkind things, as she always; did.. Pres ently, in a rather low voice, she addressed Mr. Carruthers across me. "Shall I-pass you the sherry ; or is it true that you have taken to milk and; Water ? " she asked meaningly; "Quite true," said he. "And you; can't think how nice it is-not half so in sipid as you would expect, and' a pleasant change after too many stimulants; Let me give you some grapes, Miss Christie." And Mrs. Clowes, turned away her head, as if there had been something that hurt her in his answer. ?? Most of the people spent Sunday' after noon just as if it had not been Sunday at all, except that nobody rode or drove. But some went on the river, and some played lawn-tennis,, and some lounged about and read novels ; and others, of whom 'I was one, sat under the- trees on the lawn and dranlc iced' champagne, which is quite the nicest thing I ever tasted. I heard the mysterious man-ser vant give an order to Tom- Parlces, call ing him, "Here, you, gardener,, what's your name ? " as if he had never seen, him before, and walked up and down Mr. Rayner's garden, and gone into Mr. Rayrier's stable with, him only two nights before. What a silly fellow Tom was with his little mystery L I pointed out the other man to Mr. Carruthers, and asked if he knew whose servant he was. " He is mine, and the best I ever had. I've had him six months now, and of late I've given up thinking altogether ; he does it for me so much better." , I began to wonder whether this- mys terious man-servant Was some poor rela tion of Mr. Rayner's, who had taken to this way of earning his- living, but was ashamed of it, and who came privately to see his. richer connections, to spare them the talk of the neighbours about what people like the Reades, for instance,, would certainly consider a great disgrace. So I said nothing more about him to- Mr. Carruthers, who was sitting near me, smoking, and teasing me to read a Sun day newspaper, which I did not think right So at last he began reading it aloud to me, and then I got up and; ran away with Mr. Cole to the fruit-garden, where he gathered plums for me ; and we looked at the chickens, and watched the fish in the pond, and threw crumbs to them, which they would not take- any notice of, until dinner-time. Mr. Cole had cut me some beautiful flowers to wear in the front of my frock, for, I had resolved not to wear my pendant again ; but my muslin gown did not look nearly so well without it, and I thought I would just take it out and see the effect of it at my throat close to the flowers, -and then put it away again. But, when I unlocked my desk and opened the shabby case in which Mr. Rayner had given it to me, the psndant was gone. Nothing-else had been dis turbed ; the sovereign my uncle had given me lay untouched in its little lbtther bag close by; the notes Iliad hid from 'Laurence, tied up with pink ribbon, were just as I had left them. I searched my desk, my pockets, every corner of the room, though I knew it would be of no use. For I remembered quite well, sleepy as I had been the night before, that I had shut it up in the case carefully, turning it about for a few moments in my hand to watch it flashing in the candlc-light. It had been stolen-by whom I could not guess. I sat down after my fruitless search, trembling and too much frightened to cr}'. "For there is something;alarming in a mysterious loss like that, an uncom fortable sense of being at the mercy of some unknown power, apart from the certainty that one of the people about you is a thief. At first I thought I would go to Lady Mills and tell her privately all about it ; but my courage failed me ; for if my loss got known there would be an unpleasant scene for all the servants and a sense of discomfort in the entire house hold ; besides, several of the servants in the liouse were those of the guests, and not under Lady Mills's authority. It WTJS just as likely that my pendant had been taken by one of them ; and every body would be indignant at the idea of his or her servant being suspected of the theft. So I resolved to say nothing about i it, but to bear my loss, which I felt more j than I should have thought possible, in silence. After all, if I could never wear it without exciting more attention than I cared for, and surprising people of my possession of an ornament which they persisted in thinking extremely valuable, it was better that it should have disap peared. I began to think it had already had an unwholesome effect upon me, by my secret wish to wear it again. So I went down-stairs to dinner with a piece of plain black velvet round my throat, told Mrs. Cunningham, who asked why I did not wear my pendant, that I had come to the conclusion that it was j too handsome an ornament for a girl in | my" position, and heard Mr. Carruthers ' say that the same remark would apply to my eyes. I . It was a fine night, not cold, though there was a light breeze ; and after dinner some of us went into the garden, and I among them, for I was afraid they would make me play the waltzes again, although it was Sunday. One of the gentlemen did say " Let us ask Miss Christie to play for us." But the lady he spoke to replied, in a rather offended tone ".We need not always trouble Miss Christie ; and I am sure she would rather not be disturbed. I just tried the waltzes over this morning, and they are quite easy." "Just tried'em over !.". muttered Mr. Cole, who was standing by me in the con servatory. " She was hard at it hammer ing at the piano all church-time." It was late in the evening when Mr. Carruthers, who. had been in the billiard roonv with some of the others, came out and sauntered, with, a cigar in his mouth, up to the grape-house, where I was standing with Sir Jronas, who had taken a fancy to. me. and insisted on cutting me some grapes straight from the vine. " Lady_ Mills wishes me to say that Miss. Christie will get her death of cold if she-comes out of the hot house into the cold air with nothing round her shoul ders,''saidMr. Carruthers, when we were at the. door; " Bless me-so she will !' Fetch her a shawl, Tom." " I have anticipated1 the.lady's wants ; ?I always do," said Mr. Carruthers ; and he wrapped, round my head and shoulders a beautiful Indian shawl belonging to Lady Mills; " Take her in quickly, Tom. T should never forgive myself if she caught cold," said, kind old Sir J.onas' anxiously,, stand ing at the door or the grape- Louse' with his knife still in his hand. " Nor should I," muttered Mr. Carruthers. " Now run, Miss Christie;" I was not a4ut cold, and I told him. so but he said, " Never-mind-won't do to run risks," and put his arm in mine, and made me run as fast as I could, until we were round' the: corner- of a wall, out of Sir Jonas's sight. " And now," said he" " we'll run another way;'" And he took me down a long path be tween apple and pear trees- until we got to a side-gate that I had not seen before. " i am going to take- you. for a walk," said he, " But it is so' late, and I am dressed so queerly." " Never mind. You are- not sleepy are you ? "-aud he looked down into my face. " No, your eyes are quite bright and"-wide awake. And nobody goeu to bed here till they are sleepy, which is a very good plan. As for'your dress, I think it very becoming -very becoming-quite Orieutal. And-, as it iB too late for anybody else to be about, and too dark for them to Bee you if they were,. I ata the- only person you need con sult." TO BR CONTINUED, PHOTOGRAPHY.-Make no mistake. Sibert's branch Photo Studio at MOBS Vale is next door to Thos. Conlon's store, Argyle-atreet. Local specimens now on view at Harvey's old Shop. All work guaranteed satisfactory. Samples or specimens now on view, defying all competition for superi ority of work and prices. Price, 15s. per doz., 9a. per half doz., 3 copies Ss. Enamelling extra. Make no mistake ubout the address and see that you find Sibert's. Owing to the depressed times Sibert's branch in Moss Vale will be olosed at tho end of the present month. In order to avoid dis appointment all those holiiing coupons should have their photos take* at once.-Advt. Certainly the best medioine known is SAXDEK and SON'S EUCALYPTI.; EXTKAOT. Test its eminent power ful effects in coughs, colds, influenza ; the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remmly-no swelling-no in flammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, &o.; ; diarrhoea, dyscntry, diseases of tlio kidneys, urinary orgnns. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the G'obe ; patronised by His-Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust, in this approve! article, and reject all others. Much scurrilous literature is being circu kted in Paris in view of the approaching eleciions Dn. Moiioan T. WILLS, a recognisod Amorican authority, on cerebral disease and insanity, writes : " It is well for us to know that the emotions causo more unhappincss and crime than any other func tion of the brain. Human beings are governed by their emotions ; and it is woll that they should be, though it is emotion* that wear away the brnin. It is the emotions tmch as anxiety, foar, sorrow, and love. I consider that eight hours are sufficient lor a man to use his brain, because if ho exceeds that time lie becomes nervous and fretful, and an ex haustive brain is an irritable brain, you may not feel the evil effects of the stress of brain work at the time, but you will sooner or later, when it will bo too lato. The men that work at night with their braiiis are the ones that expose themselves to danger and death, which will surely cotno unless the great strain on tho mind is lightened. Any man that negleots the first warning of a brain or nervous sys tem that is becoming exhausted, overtaxed, or about to break down, is not only a fool but a criminal. These signs aro not many, hut they tell the story of coming dangers only too plainly. Hoadache, sleeplessness, irritability of temper, neuralgic pains about the head and heart, unrefreshful sleep, nerv ous dyspopsia, dull eyes, heaviness of tho head and stupid feeling after meals, worry about trifles, un reasonable anger, tingling and numbness in the limbs, cold feet and hands, flushed faco and burn ing ear?, palpitation of the heart, and irregular, weak and unsteady pulse. When you note these symptoms, beware ; tho brain and nerves aro about to break down, and it may bo insanity, perhaps death." ]?or all such tronbles we recommend Clements Tonic. This is a scientific specific, brain and nerve food, and positively repairs tho ravages of overwork, time, and disease, strengthens the whole system, adds new life, tone, and animation, as it did in the case of Edward Gardner, Esq., Hamilton Coinmonago, near Newcastle, N.S.W., who writes I write these few linos to you with thanks for Dr. Fletcher's wonderful Pills ; they aro a wonder to many. I have tried them with great benefit, and they do not purge or gripo, but give re lief in a few hours, and I am thankful that I ever read of them for the bilious attacks, for they worked wonders in a day or two, and I hope you will bo long spared to supply them to the public.-I re main, yours truly, Edward Gardner, Hamilton. Com monage, N.S.W: C. Barber, Esq., Wyman-At., Broken Hill, who writes I have been taking Clements Tonic with such wonderful results that I am induoed as a matter of justice to send a plain statement of my case, which you are at liborty to publish in the interests of similar sufferers. My complaintjwas poor and impure blood, inability to sloep, nervous debility, poor appetite, palpitation, giddiness, and the usual string of symptoms, getting no rest or peace from my misery night or day. After many other treatments had failed I was in duced to try your Clements Tonic, of which I took nine battles, and I am glad to state that my health is perfectly restored, and I heartily recommend it to all others who suffer from tho same cause. Yon are at liberty to make what use of this you like.-I remain, yonrs sincerely, Charles Barber, Wyman street, Broken Hill, New South Wales. Tho Ulster Defence Fund amounts to £250,000, Division of Electorates.:-This will be a troublesome work, and aa unfortunately the Assembly insisted ou its being sub mitted to their approval it ia likely to lead to interminable wrangling in the house. After all what does it matter whether the baundaries remain as they are or altered ? We are constantly told that when a member ig elected he becoraee the representative of the whole country; and if this is so now, it will be still more so when we have local .gov ernment and so-local concerns-cease to . ueud the attention of members. Population of the Colony.-According to the returns furnished- by-the statistical de partment of New South Wales, the esti muted population of the colony on the SO:It June last was 1,211,030, namely 0555,180 males, and 558,450 females. The increase of population for the half- year was 14,580, as compared with 17,200 for the correspond ing period of 1892, and 23,000 in. 1891. The natural increase or excess of! births over deaths was 12,424' in first six months of1893; 12,123 in 1892, and 11,471 in 1891 The influx of population has greatly declined dnriug the past few years ; thus the increase from this source-in the six months of 1893 was 2156 only,, as against 5077 in 1892, and 14,570 in 1891. The figure* show a gain of population seaward of 287.4, and a loss overland of 7.18;. Desperate Fight with Lepers.-When the Warrimoo was at Honolulu, troops had: been sent to a- leper settlemuut to. remove the lepers resident there to Ivlolr.kai. Trouble had arisen between the health authorities and the lepers some time pre viously, and a sheriff who went to the set tlement to enforce the mandate of the author ities that the lepers must remove to Molokai from Kalalau Valley, where they hud set tled, was killed by one of the- lepers. Sol diers wore then ordered to the place, and most of the lepers wer& removed. One family made a desperate staud',. however, aud killed three of the soldiers, subsequently fleeing iut:> the bush, where the members of the family were hidden in the mountain fastnessf-.s.. The Government offered a large reward for their capture, but ap to the time of-the Warrimoo's departure they were still at large. Cati't Stop it Now.-While we are rejoic ing over the success of artesian boring in the Far West, a warning note is sounded from a little town in Germany that in threatened with disappearance from the face of the earth by the too great suceess of nn arteBian bore. Not satisfied with (he town pump as their fathers- before them had been, the people sunk a bore, and when the water came tbey tried to regulate its flow. But the more they stopped the flow the more it would not be stopped, and pipes and all were blown up, aud it flowed still.. Then* subterranean noises were beard and the ground began to crack; houses fell front and back, aud 23 of them disappeared alto gether ; and still the water flowed. The roads gaped, the pavements were torn up,, and thundering sounds proceeded from be low. The terror-si ricfen people had raised a ghost they cannot lay at their wits' ends, and have summoned the- experts, but their craft is bflffl'd ; and still the water flows and the town is,settling down. Now, this may be au exceptional case, but it thows the theory of artesian water supply on a diminutive scale. A single tap has had an effect on the limited basin that was underly ing the town, but a hundred taps would have the same effect, we may suppose, on a basin ju^t a hundred times as big. Away out B 'urke way, where they are putting down the bores in scores, they have evidently dropped on a basin of considerable bulk. Bu-, from the analogy of this little town in Germany, which appears to bf in the throes of dissolution, we have an indication of what, we may expect if we riddle the whole surface of the country as we are promising to do, and we should qualify our jubilation over the triumph of artesian boring by cal culating on a general dropping out of the bottom of the country. 