A WGsTANSCOfeNUD. \- W N the courtyard oFCastle Ostroga gay 2f company of guests were assembled. Count : Zamofski, one of the inaguates of ' - .Poland, had invitedtbe nobles of the neigh bourhood to; a bear-hunt. -The guests were eagerly awaiting the signal to set ofif. In -Ifle wuruyalu.ui true vaouu vuc vaivaef u» «u «x revolved slowly upon a great spit before 9i huge fire of logs, and a colossal cask of -Hungarian wine bad been' broached. \- The most renjarked among the whole eom- S pany. were Count Mikronowski aud his fair ; daughter, Constance. The:young lady was to make one of the party of hunters. Her sourage 'was, it seemed, as great 'as her beauty. The 6on of the host, the young Count Stanislaus Zamofski, attached him- aelf torher side, and, when the signal for r he setting out of the cortege was given, and i the huntsmen, surrounded by their yelping, leaping pack of -hounds, had departed in the direction of. the forest, it was into the young ' count's sleigh that Constance was lifted by ' : "its owner, who, leaping in after "her, took the reins of the fiery horses, harnessed three abreast _ before, it, and drove swiftly - off ... V through the snow and mist. ; - Arrived at the spot ..where the huntsman were drawn up in expectation of their game, they dismounted, and, standing there side by side, silently awaited the coming cf the bear. . Fate that daysiniLed upon Constance; A large bear was driven by the . beaters jSirectly across the path where she and Stanislausbad taken their stand. At sight " ®f them, the .monster reared himself up threateningly on his hind feet ; but the girl, . lifting her rifle, calmly shot him through the : heart.. ' - ; . Completely fascinated by her beauty and courage, Stanislaus yielded himself a willing captive to her. charms. From that moment his passion grew daily. The love which her courage had inspired was' deepened 'and strengthened by the -sight of her at home, -seated modestly before her spinning-wheeL As the wheel revolved, and the white hands of the- maiden, drew . the -thread from it, ' Stanislaus, sitting by her side, murmured in her ear, to an accompaniment of the whir ling music of the wheel, his vows of love, and plighted her his troth. The betrothal was publicly celebrated soon after at the bouse of Constance's hither. The parents of the bridegroom, however, saw, with deep though secret dislike, his infatuation for the daughter of their .impov erished neighbour, Mikronowski, and they persuaded their son, shortly after the cele bration of the betrothal, to take a journey to' Dresden, where August the Strong, King of Poland and. Elector of Saxony, held his court. The Polish ambassador at Dres den was secretly -instructed by Zamofski's parents to lead the yoang nobleman into the gay profligate society of the capital: To the beautiful young widow, Antoi nette, Countess of Oginska, the favourite j alike of Augustus and his all-powerful : minister, Bruhl, was given the congenial- task of rendering Stanislaus faithless to.his , ' absent love. Mistress in the arts of coquetry and intrigue, the fair countess, soon accom- \- plished this. N . _ ' '. A letter, written to Constance only a few . 'months after his arrival in Dresden from her lover, apprised her of his desertion of her, and, at the same time, begged forgiveness . for his faithlessness. Family interests and his dt&r; to the State and his King, -her reereact lover wrote, were the causes of his .breaking his plighted word. On receipt of this epistle, -Constance shed a few angry tears ; but she was not the woman to weep long over a lover's desertion. " Plans of revenge for the slight put upon her caused her soon to forget her grief. One night, while returning late from a ball \- at .Prince Sapielia's, as he was driving -. through the .forest of Grodna, bis sleigh was . -suddenly surrounded by a band of armed men. At the sight of this band the coach- jnan and footman leaped- quickly from the box and fled away on foot. Zamofski defended himself bravely, but was overcome Sifter a short struggle. He was bound, a iSact-Aras -drawn dowu over his head and face, and he was lifted on a horse which was led eff at' a gallop. The young man, supposing he had been attacked by robbers, with which the forest was infested, now gave himself up for lost. . After a. wild ride of an hour or so, Stanislaus was made aware by the sound of bis horse's tioof's that they were crossing a -bridge. Directly afterSfc was lifted from the saddle and harried on foot for a short distance. The tack was then removed and he discovered himself to be in a small, cell-like apartment, With a single grated window high up in one if iffi iran« Af.nnA of fit® rnnm nrac a pallet of straw. The rays of a small lamp ihed a dim light around. Before him stood two men in the uniform of Cossacks. < \- " Where am I?" he demanded. " Why -have you brought me here ?" ' They vouchsafed no. answer, but the door presently opened, and admitted Constance, I clad in a mantle' of dark-green velvet, bor dered with sable. She .motioned with her hand for the' men to withdraw; then, left Alone with bar captive, she measured him With eyes full of angry scorb. ".You are in my power now," die said, ixultingly. " Expect no mercy from me. I give you only one choice. Either you many jne, here and at once, or you die-" " I can not marry you, Constance," be Returned, firmly ; "my duty to my parents Ind my country forbids it. 3 ""You are deceiving me." Zamofski's face crimsoned with . rage, and in angry answer seemed trembling on his lips. But he controlled himself, after a visible struggle, and remained silent-. " Yes, you are lying to me — you are the Acknowledged lover of the Countess Oginska, Aud it is because you wish to marry her' that you hare broken your faith to me. But I ask yon . once more, and for the last time — are you willing to keep your promise and marry me ?' " I Cannot, Constance. Unfortunately I may not follow the dictates of my heart in this matter." " Then prepare, and at-once, for death," coldly returned the disdained beauty. "I ehallleave you now to send a. priest in my stead. In a quarter, of au . hour, you shall die on the gallows." Zamofski started involuntarily, but con trolled himself immediately and bowed low, Without opening his lips. A few moments after Constance had gone C priest entered the room, i "Is it really so serious ?" demanded Zamofski of the new-comer, i " The gallows has already been. erected in the courtyard," replied the other, j A quarter of an hour later, Zamofski, securely bound, was led into the courtyard, j Hot even the sight of the gibbet, however, could shake his determination. It was only when he was on the scaffold and felt the noose tightening about his neck that he gave way. "Iam ready," he muttered to the priest standing near him. " Let the marriage take place." Constance gave orders that he be lifted from the scaffold and his bonds removed. "If you make the slightest attempt to eocape," she said, in a warning tone, " I will shoot you at once," and, as she spoke, 3 she pointed to a pistol stuck in her girdle. 3 Zamofski was now bidden to enter the i chapel, which had already been lighted for | the occasion. The marriage ceremony was | quickly performed by the priest, the rings j exchanged, the blessing pronounced The ceremony over, Zamofski was con ducted into a ricbly-furnished apartment by ibis bride, who, seating herself on a divan covered with bear-skins, thus addressed him, her eyes flashing scorn as she spoke : — " You are at liberty now, my lord, to go | whithersoever it may please you to go. I 1 have no farther demand to make on you, cither as regards your property or your person. 1 shall remain as before, under tbe protection of my father and the shelter of his root We part now and for ever. Fare- Well." S Zajnofski gazed at her a moment in astonishment, then, . recovering himself, .feawgd lastly to ksr, .later, when blsparente, with their Mends and supporters among the Polish nobility . and the Jesuits, were moving heaven and earth to induce the Pope to annul this marriage, Zamofski remained quietly at Ostrog. He appeared, however, to be a prey to melancholy and the bitterest humiliation, arid soon after quitted the castle to bury himself in a small hunting- lodge- in' the forest. There, among his books and manuscripts, be led the life of a hermit, his only diversion being the long, solitary rides lie' took daily. One day, riding slowly through the forest and sunk deep in thought, he came face to face with Constance, who appeared suddenly from out a thicket Opporite. Zamofski bent to bis saddle-bow in greeting, and she acknowledged bis salutation by a slight nod. When she had passed, he drew rem and gazed long and fixedly after her. He sighed and murmured half- under his breath : " "What an -absurdity it is for the husband of a young. <and beautiful woman to pass his days alone like' a hermit ainoug dusty, musty folios." He was not without .hope of encountering her again in his; daily rides. Failing to do so, however, he rode off secretly one night to Zabolow, tied his horse to .a tree in. a grove hafd by, and then stole through tbe garden up to the house. The windows were securely rioted, by thick, wooden sh.utters ; but a slender ray of light, creeping through one of them, betrayed the presence of a rift. Applying his eye to this, he found that he could see into a small room, furnished with a Turkish divan. Bear-skin rugs were thrown across it- and laid on the floor beside it. A lit/hie to one side stood an embroidery frame, and, on a small stand, a silver- branched candlestick, with three lighted candles in it: Constance came into the room presently. Seating herself on the divan, she drew the frame up before her and began to work. After an interval of Working, she pushed the frame aside arid threw.bcrself lazily down on the dark skins of the divan. Thereafter Zamofski eame seeretely to the house every night. Thesehightly visits to his wife's home had gone on for some' weeks when/one evening, his jealousy was aroused; by teeing a sleigh drive up into the court-yard, from which a tall, handsome man, wrapped in furs alighted. As he could not visit Zabolow except under cover of darkness, he commissioned his valet to do so and to bring him back word who the new-comer might be." The man brought back word that the strange guest was Count Starbel, and the further information that he was a suitor for Constance's baud when, on tbe annulment by the Pope of her marriage, she would be ; free to enter on a second union. This news fairly set Zamofski beside him self. Maddened by mortified pride and fruitless passion s he lay iu ambusli one night for Count Starbel, as he was returning home ward " through the forest of Ostrog. He : barred tbe"" way of bis rival and fiercely challenged hiqi to single combat. Starbel dismounted frOm his horse and drawing his sabre,, the duel .had already lasted ions: enough for. each combatant to have received eeripus wounds, when. Constance, unexpect edly appearing, put an end to the combat. She came riding swiftly up, and dashed her horse .in between the combatants, heed less of the leaping, clashing swords. " What is the reason of your wanton and unprovoked attack upon this nobleman ?" she demanded, looking sternly at her bus- . band. " , "He has dared to come here, madam, as a suitor for your hand,", Zamofski- returned, hotly. Constance broke oat into a ringing laugh . " Put up your sword, sir," she said, merrily ; " there is no further use for" it. Count Starbel is not a suitor for my hand, but for that of my sister." . ... Then she dressed their wounds with ber own hands, and then invited her husband to a private intemew in the very apart ment throrigh the shatter of which he had so often watched her. Throwing herself on the divan and leaning back against its covering "of bearskin rugs, sbe glanced mischievously up at Zamofski as he stood irresolutely before her, and demanded: "_What: must I dp to prevent similar escapades of yours in future ? " " Forgive me ! ?he exclaimed, falling on his knees at her feet: "But, count, have you forgotten the. duty you Owe to king and" country ? — which was such a bar to our union formerly." "I have forgotten everything, except that I lore you !" be exclaimed, as he caught her in his arms. '. .. Three days later, Constance, clothed in a magnificent mantle of ermine, leaning back on -the cushions Of bear-skins in a sleigh richly gilded and drawn by three superb r norses, macie ner entry, to the joyous peal ing of bells and the booming of cannon, through the castle - gates of Ostrog. — Translated for the Argonaut bv Emma M. Phelps. HE WAS IN- LUCK. A tall, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large, white sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but . was now adver tised as being " For Bent." The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a small notebook,. and was turning to leave, when a neighbour came aloug and pleasantly, remarked : " It's a pity that a fine house like this should staud idle for such a loug time." " Why, how long has it been idle ?" "Well, .the- last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brAve enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it? DaDger of collapsing ? " ' "Ob, no. Tbe house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's haunted." " You don't say !" And the tall man seemed td grow more interested. "It's a fret. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells ; and immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself;" and the good, man shuddered as' he tbpught of it. :. : "Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the vJiole house ? " ".Yes, I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month." "Five dollars;.a month.! Great Caesar! but that's a bargain. Guess III take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me." " But wouldn't you be afraid of living in a house infested with spooks ? " "Ob, I'm quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner aud sigD a lease for ninety-nine years." And as he walked off, he muttered to himself. " Fivedollars a month, aud two fall-fledged ghosts to boot ! This js, indeed, a bargain." EXTREME POLITENESS. Visitor : " I understand that you want- some painting done.,' Editor : " Yes, I wish a sign painted at the foot of the stairs. It is for posts to read after I fire them out ; and as they generally alight on their heads you had better paint it like this." i uooa and pjvis i.Noa I 1 Tbe most difficult ups arid downs of this ! life are keeping expenses dowsj and appeal- ' aaecs up. 