ENTERTAINMENT AT GREEN'a CREEK. On Thursday evening an entertainment in aid et prizes for the State eohool sobo- tare was held in the schoolroom, Bassafras, and passed off very successfully. Mr M D. Heatley was in tbe ohair. The first item was an instrumental eeiection on the organ, nioeiy played by Mrs Bryden. A namber of tbe girls of the eohool followod with the pretty song, " Th. sonbeam," and another Bofaolar, Master H Greens, reoited a comio story, " Tbe best of wives." The uuvi. v. >uu ...irooe vveeieyen unnron oontribnted " On, one and all," very well, thongh their success would have been greater if ' the engere oould have found room to face tbe iidlence. The school- maater next contributed a eerio- oomto poem, "The alarm," and Mr 8. B Mar- chant aang, " The yoang brigade." This waa followed by the notation, "The Indian's revenge, by Miss Olive Bramioh. The schoolgirls sang, " Tha. snowflake," nioeiy, bnt a few boys' voices wonid have improved the tones. Mia, Emily Maynard gave the well known reoitation, " Little Jim," in a manner that proved her ability ae an elocutionist ae well as h<r oarefol tuition. The Bev T. G. White was en cored -for the well-known slave song. "Hard trials," and promised to reapono later en. Master A. King reoited, "How to enre a osngb," and the Latrobe ohoir rendered very efficiently, "Hear tha trum pet." Mr Bryden eaooeeded admirably with his reoitation, "The loss of the Drake," and . Miss Lenna Bramioh ri cited "The Fakenham ghost." The ftmil- scholars gave the song, " The streamlet," and Miss Evo'ine Boblison recited, " Billy Dip the dyer." The Rev T. G. White aang, " Little Null," Master P. Coatee re oited, "The shoemaker," and Mr B. B. Merchant waa enoored for " Advance, Tas mania," replying with "Annie LaurL." Mr Bryden gave "The Hon Mr 8ckle- tbnnkin'eetery," and tin programme closed with "There's s meet log hero to-night," anng by tbe Bev T. G. White Mr Bryden eaia the next doty of the obairman wae to distribute Ibe prizes, but before doing so he gave a tew details of the year's work, end said every prize given bad bean fairly and faithfully earned. The attendance had not been ao good as he woald like to St., bat some obildren faed done. well, partioalarly those living a mile or more away. The speoial r zi for attend, no. had been won by Miss Ev.lio Robinstn, who had attend.d 240 days oat ef a poa- S'bie 227. Tbe writing wae judged by the Rev. T. G. White, and the possible mark, was 40. He then asked a I to look at the work of the scholars on view before th< y left, end also mentioned that a special prize bad been given to Annie Binrke who in three menthz at eohool, had made wonderful progress. The prizes, which were handsome volemne, were then dis trlbutad ae fellow Clan VI., general improvement : Lenna Bramlch (3328 marks), 1 ; Olaai V., George Btohardaon (2482 marks), 1 ; Glass IV,, Eveline Boblnaon (8998 marks), 1 ; Class IIL, Percy Coatea (8269 marks), 1 ; OlassIL, Ethel llramioh (2740 marke), 1 ; Class I., John Bnrgees (1789 marks), 1 1 Infant class, Linda Bramlch (907 marks), 1. Writing i Glass VX, Olive Bramlch (86 marks). 1 ; Class V., A. Robertson (64 marks), 1 ; Olasa IV., A. Martin (84'marka), 1. Special prize presented by Mr Heatley for best attendance, 'Eveline B.blnson, 220 days : special jnrize for most progress In a given time, After the National Anthem had been anng, the work ef the a holare was ex amined, and foand to ba txorllen', particu larly ths mapping snd writing. The La trobe visitors and.otheis were then invited te a substantial sapper, provided by the the sohoolmsster and his worthy young wjfe. ; ' ' " ' 