fMmw&L; ftas. The Empire Minstrel and Specialty Com pany presented a new bill of fare at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening, and judging by . the size of tholiouse this versatile company are as popular as ever with Brisbane theatre-goers. The theatre was well-filled in every part, a portion of the dress circle bring occupied by footballers, including the New South Wales team. There was a good attendanco at the Opera House on Saturday night, when the WiLson jporbes Company appeared in a sensational drama entitled "The Unknown." The piece is by no means a perfect example of the play wright's art, both its construction aua its dialogue bring defective. It abounds in stirring and most exciting incidents, relieved by some passable comedy, but its climax'is disappointingly weakl The drama as a whole was earned through in a spirited manner, and the "boat scene especially was effectively enacted. On Saturday night, according to our Mel bourne telegram, the farcical comedy "On Change " was performed .by a company com posed mainly of those who were associated, with Mr. Terry, "with the addition of Mr. Robert Courtneigc. The Irish drama " Home Rule," by the Taylor Carrington Company, attracted \- a good audience to the Theatre Royal. Mr. Walter Bentley opened his season at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday with "Richelieu." There was a voir large and fashionable audience. Mr. Bentley gave a splendid and realistic impersonation of the aged cardinal, and met with an enthusiastic reception. He was supported by a good com pany. Mr. Molynenx and Mr. Greenaway being specially noticeable. The piece was in every way a success. It is splendidly staged, the \- costumes being magnificent, while Mr. Spong .... has painted some beautiful scenery. Oar Sydney telegram on Monday informed us that at Her Majesty's Theatre, "Struck Oil" \- was produced on Saturday with Miss Maggie Moore as Lizzie Stofel. There was a good house, and the pieco was well received. There was a large audience at the Lyceum, ihe comic opera, " The Mountebanks " being successfully produced for the first time in Sydney. The music is tuneful, and the opera, wluch was well staged, met with a good recep tion. "An English Lass "was the attraction at the Royal Theatre on Saturday. It is founded on the adventures of Margaret Catchpaile, and was received with every mark of approval. "Niobe" was played at the Strand on July . SB for the 550th and final time. A farcical comedy, "The Sleepwalker," adapted by Mr. C. H! Abbott from Mr. W. S. Gilbert's "Wide Awake," was produced at the cfrand, on July 25. The libretto of the next Savoy opera has been handed over by Mr. Gilbert to Sir A. pullivaq, and the latter has gone to Homburg to compose the score. "Gurly" Bellow and Mrs. Potter have again joined forces, and after a brief holiday (the latter in Paris, the former at Aix-les Bains) start tor India in September, where they will remain away a year, A silly statement appears in the Star to the effeot that J, M. Barrio sold "Walker, London," to Toole for £250. It was really £1,250, after taking 10 per cent on gross receipts for the first 100 nights, and that was littlo enough. Mr. Walter Bentley has received a cable message offering him the Lyceum Theatre, London, until Easter, during Irving's absence in America. Mr. Bentley, though very proud of the offer, has been compelled to decline it, having other fish to fry. ' 1 M. do Lara's first opera, "Amy Robsart," ; Was favourably received bv the audience at Covent Garden on July 20, but the critics are rather mixed in their opinions as to its future. Mdme. Calve ns Amy; Mdine. Armand as Queen Elizabeth; M. Alvarez as Leicester, and M. La&salle; as Varney, were in the cast. : Mrs. Kendal is the youngest of a family of 22, her brother, the late Mr. Tom Robertson, being the eldest. Her father, grandfather, pud uncle wcro all actors, and she herself made \- her debut at the age of three, in the character of the blind child in the " Three Poor Travel lers," on the stage of the Marylebone Theatre. " Kendal" is only the stage pseudonym of her self and husband, whose real name is'Grimstoa. Oi the people who talk about local indus tries, probably very few know that one of the very biggest industries in Australia is that of Messrs. Williamson aud Musarove. Hundreds of people are employed, and "hun dreds of pounds go to them weekly when the traditional ghost enjoys his hebdomadal promenade. A month or two ago the output of the firm in salaries and other expenses was over £3.000 per week—all in cash, too, which is almost as rare as the amount paid. Someone once wrote to Edwin Booth asking his opinion as to the real or feignc-d madness of "Hamlet." The great actor responded: "The subject js, as you know, one;of endless controversy among the learned heads. I think I am asked nearly 3G3 times a year, and I usually find it safest to side with both parties in dispute on the subject. Tes, I confess I do not consider 4 Hamlet* mad—except in craft. Mr opinion mar be of little value, but 'tis the result of man}- weary walks with him for hours together here in the lobby." Mr. Henry Irving and his comjwny gave their final performance at the Lyceum Theatre on Saturday evening (July 22) before leaving for a tour in America, 44 Bccket" being the piece selected for reoresentation. In a abort speech at the close, Mr. Irving announced that during his absence 44 a fair}' taicfor the younger generation of playgoers" will be produced at the Lyceum at Christmas, that when hereturns in April 44 Faust" will be revived, and that this will he followed by a play specially written by Mr. Comyns Can* on the subject of King Arthur, Lancelot and Guinevere. It is a striking tribute to the business capacity of Sir Augustas Harris that for 14 years he has succeeded iu the previously im possible task of making the Old Drury Theatre pay. ChattertoD, Falconer, E. T. Smith, Anderson, and Bunn all lost fortunes there. At pantomime time alone business was good. Harris promptly grasped this great truth, and to begin with devoted himself to pantomime only. Later he replaced Shokspeare with up to-date spectacular melodrama, and how well that experiment likewise answered is ancient history. The 1893-4 Christmas pantomime will be the last of Old Drury. The will of the late Edwin Booth disposes of over £100,000 of personal property. AU of this was probably made in the earlier years of the actor's life, after the failure of the theatre which he opened in Boston in 1S69. Like the largo fortunes left by Edwin Forrest and Charlotte Cashman, it was mainly the result of starring engagements in the States. The will in question contains legacies of £1,000 and more to a round dozen of friends, and legacies of £1,000 each to several charities, most of them theatrical. The rest of the money is left to his daughter and her children, nouo of whom, by the war, are on the stage, which at present only counts two of the great acting family, a nephew, Mr. Sydney Booth, and the famous Mrs. Agnes Booth, Immediately after the recent performance of M. Alexander Dumaa's play "Denise," at Drury Lane (says the Pall Jfall Budget), some wag wrote to a daily paper and ex plained that there were epigrams in 44 Denise " I which were obviously parodied, and some times lifted, from a play called " Lady Windermere's Fan." The writer naturally asked who is this H. Dumas that ho should, without acknowledgment, 'convey the phrases invented by a dramatist whose work has been performed before his. The irony was patent to anyone who know when " Denise " was pro duced. But M. Maurice Spronck, a critic of very considerable ability, put the letter down to our insular -ignorance of Dunias fils, and wrote a very pretty lay sermon in the D-ba($ on the subject. At is rarely Frenchmen have any humour, but most of them have enough wit to avoid mistakes like this. In the Court of Queen's Bench, London, beforo Mr. Justice Cave and a special jury, an action for damages for alleged breach of con tract was brought by Henry Ellis, William Henry Ellis nnd John Brill—who control the JRoyal Musio Hall, Holborn-arainst airs. Coney, professionally known as Miss Lottie Collins, of 44 Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay" fame. The contract was dated March 21, 1891, by which the defendant agreed to perform at the hall on October 8, 1892, and six weeks thereafter, and the defendant wholly faded to fulfil such agreement, and before tbe. end of the time Trent i;or « remunerative tour in America.. It was said tbat "Ta-ra-ra" v.-as popular at the time, and that the with drawal of defendant affected the receipts at the hall. Miss Lottie Collins was in conrt, but was not called. Her counsel urged that the loss to the hall had been exaggerated, and that the popularity of the song was then on the wane. The jury "gave a verdict for plaintiffs, with £300 damages. 