IcoPrl l In T. HAORILAND HO ! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romanlce, BY ,1'll1l, Il"ESTBUrY. Oil.1 I'TEIi I L.--Colostsoo n. Liftif u the unfor'tunate hr.ot itl of pa1o er Uaina, howe maw thalt tlhe porlion turn atlay cas tIlhat cotlininig the advertlise unent olfferig the roward of .0100. 1"It was i tural that lie shoutld oeek to destroy it," thulght llhwo. T-''hen lie rulneno ered VanoI' singuelar melaicholy, his long reveries, Ihoso broken droUins anid slll:le exclhntllltiols. Thlley were all explained !ow. VWhiat had I d1no 1 Of what, crinlo 1hdl he beon guilty \1 1,s it Iltnrder? The thought was horrliblo to be the h0so0ll frie0ld of It 10111 whoi, pcrohltllaO, had the stamp of Cahi upon him. To live ill tlu ellio tent, tol eat, talk i t Ith01n1110 board toglotheor as i thalt seirut hod not0 boon I The doubt wa in itself more than moro pain to the mind of the cultured youltng 01 glitallhmtll. Wlho t thoen should hl do? (live hhn fp--ond information to Melbourne 1 "1 No!" 'PFuuton lay back in his chair, a light glaring in his 'yes. " Not mino the finger to be pointed att hinm," he said. "Of whateve' r e h0u guilty, I cannot for got thalt t'was hoe Iwh 11naued 111no back fromt the threshold of daLth to life. SJudge not. So be it." One doay when ithe younlllg ElOglishllanl had growl woll and ltrong, and while thei Titori Valley ranlg witlh the sound of hammer and pick toold cradle, Vaneo c01ame10 into the ite llt whore his cotrado wats pro' paring tihe omid- day meal, willh a pale faco and a sloggorlig gait. " You are ill, dear Vtnllo," cried his friend. "No. Loet n rest. quiotly a moentot," ,and when he had roested li t said, " shnko hands, llowe,. iFortuneu Iltn smiled uponl us at last." Tire younllg tligger tlares at his mntoo inll IOervu excitolIoent withoutot w vordL it reply, but there o0tlne n00 idea lolto his ointld tlhat Voile is il one of hios mloodtl agaitn. loer lonlg anlld tweary mothllsll thoso t,wo lnol0 have fought; a stern light with for. tune for a slice of her favors, \Vitht that f?3sorislh hIop', wiclh glvrs ui s bothI ett'oogtlh ollld CollltgoU tot goldl-noeoOfra, )hoy had toiled and endu roed privatlion of .to ordilnary kilnd. D:fggos eaoh side of themlll, mill round and lbout llloo ltll hio d found the preuioous ore alionao withplut ani ulolt', baot to t110lli, worl as they tlighlt, ltoeIoso nelrel tlo moclk at lthem. Fortunl had conle at ll'ength, howeveor, 0n Vanlu had osaid, and, lerover, had shloerel heotr favors ill such valtnblo lquantit,'y oiold quality oll our 'two friends that f'rom hoocefortlt they neoed toil and moil notd ntlltrve I1O Imoroe. Then- Vanoe told how ho hard found a pIrodigio?ls nugget--found it at. the pIint of his pick whetn about. to leave' wor'k ftor dinner-a? hugeo lmp of shininollg gold, which taxed all hi l stre:;gthi to removeo fromlt itso bdll. No one on the field klnow that Inch lit tro'eaure lond boooo unearthedt until the ank of A uinkhmd had it safe in their pl( easio01. Nor wan this all ; tho chlilm whlic had \yio l d sucl h ai depoioit of tie preciolus metal must, ,orllorou bo valuable 00o, antd tino it 1'a sotrld l it good figure, whih addedol to swell tite lortuos of hocky Valo andl ;lis comrade. - \itlhin a 1month tlhey hl ldocided to leave' tohe diggilng, all returll again to a ctviliwdl ?0ate o of existe?nle. B(oth were quite eatisfied with th'ir experioncoo Ol the 't'iho'i Valley. 'o Whatt a h1l1totot1 hi're it in," alid Fuon. ton, glanoing round n the soutlthing crowd. "T''oil, toot, toil, without ro'espite, tos if gold aloiU coulold 0:cere hapli 0ll00." " Oh, it Oa fine tilhing to utrn philoso. phoor whon tihe alooo is foundtl," ropotnd Vane, laull?thl?g. 11 After all onIey is the glaolt ftoliol in Ithis ago?, il tilero ? t very glool 00excuse for those who o' w downt buill worship it." WVhat call bo done with. out tmoeyo' You koo d 1I, Ilown, without gold woero ootit L to oo. lo lloh ri'vation andti ulf'eriog. 'oo-day thi caset in reversed. l'go I 00we are philosophoelrsa, anl ottre lifoled tot of the Sloogh of o p I) mld bectause we lhave Oalto tIhoutallds of 0pounds at o0ur bhok'rs." " (estle, cyn'ic," crioes tite other. WTRas It your love of weaolh which kept you herl hordhilg with thlose wreotoelloo maIny of whomltt to nlly mlind Rtte scarcely superior to dumtlob brultes.' 1"0 " No," nlswora '?tttple Vaoll Tn in subh. lduod tone. " ?ell of lnty tolpurnmlllent ontaootldo tooloo kinld of work for their soul's sake ; the lhardlur the better for too. I drend drifting back tagainl too Ith idle ex islollcu which rtleo iu Ithe fnalliohabl woorld. Work, work is tly oalvaltion.'" Irlovo antilhe. '" :'in afraid the fashion able world woould ntot he plelsedl if it hoonrdl yull, mly frilend. It lhas usUd youl very sourvily, ni0 doubt." .. !'-\\\l'w g; tr I--TryagalIn," orlod Vad;io good tlutlooledly. .tj 'oTho world, fashion c hble or otherwise, uses It otan oneitlher bhot ter niwo wrae hanl hie aust hhn0olf. I?n duuol, tgreat teachelr lhai likotnedl lankindl ho a looklug glats. Smlilo, antd tlheoy givto backh atutllo; frownt, antd ta frow'n is ro. tur'lod to youl with ilntereOt. lTheoy leolft the valloy and tLoolk up their boolo olt 'tturllllat'., thirty tllilos distllott, purchased whaot tIohey roeqluired for the lolloeu ill thle way of otlothing, then callud in thie aid of ta noulitor to otrrntgo thoir joillt Ionetolry altlhira. Taurangao, on Ithe Ihly of Plo?lonly, is oneo of tiou chief botltlty Fspots ill tloe Iviholo of ,lacorilanltdl, ntl lhero thie two frlelldsa pont boIIIO weeolcs,' oioooUting, fishing, oitod IbOtt tng. It htl appeared o muotual oltnt obetwounll-tht tohat tlttionololl hotuld itot he made of lparliug. litherto, look of nlonooy Ihad btt Ithe atrolng lilkl whloichl bound Vorlouo nld teclltoln Huoe tgotloher. N?wv thtoy'woro woltthy. Votile, atrluttt eoxlloteOtl tl?at his coolnrallo wolthll iuto ll Itis reotlurlt hItllloono gain ltt, lbUtt iatol ttowO nonoted ilt lo hltirry to dpoirt. Ol a corlanll ]lvoly Itiglot atfter dlflior, nold whilo theo pair unjoyod thelir qlgars, STomlnpi V'anl rolke tsilotce olt tIhe iubh I \Yhon oh lot hi0tend gong hoi, ttiy detor lIuwa ?" Ito oaidtl Doar lItwooo tloe the chtroot front bto twoont Ilos tooth oold fotooghso ott 1 "o Yotl wvnllt to to ritl of tot Vian ? lo anotto'oro, presently, with Just the ghost tot roproanh ill hli voiuo. "lJ tllot oo ; otoly yoot hatVO Ittotlhlog now0 tlot doltoitl yot Iln Nouw %tlnlld." i" ito'ltil't rI, lhollUgh. Do y3000 rogort t promtised'to'l 'l n Ill thettto friellly hi3ef, ot I og t I witl h ttinl on Tlluradlhy ott thle ralgu?o loiloesltl, haI lo rUlliy toLnethiiig to du oto .l lauto tlls bltld of p1k0s ttllad itamtltj ny d0E7 'Vut'," " A!', going to take some Maori curios to your friends in Yorklhire, I suppose," witli a sigh. "Perhaps," responded Howe, after a l'nAle. " By tlie way, did I ever mention t1: you having brought with me a couple of letters of introduction to one or two familis a hereanbots when I arrived from England?" " No. I am not aware of it." " Well, such is ote fact maln a/i ; only I confess I felt saolluohat constrained to plreaunt tllhen while - whilo-" " \Vhile you were poor, oh ?" suggesta Vane. " Just so. I could not go 0e dtslhabile to llio people whose nilloes I Ihavo men tioned." " You have not mentioned any names yet," criea nile, intcrruptinig. " True, uld fellow. Lt Iloe s0ee," and lloIow fumblea in li)e recreses eof Ilis pickl ubool;, ni draws forth two very talttred iniasives. " lYou have Ieard of Mi jor Woldon, of 'illofulls,"' he says. Toemple Vaos stares, and lis faco bo comes very 0igrave ia lie replioa in a low tLno, 1 yes, I have Ilnr the inallo. The Major ie tilo otwnr of Pinefells Stn tion, I bhoeve." "Exactly. To ITunni lclls me tlhat the honmestead is not more than a day's ride froaIn Tongn's Peak yonder, and thlt Pinl. falls is a lovely place, and well worth a visit." Vnnoe does nlot reply immoediately, Iut alts pulling at hll oigar aild litring away seaward, for it is a lmoonlighllt iighlt ll'r excellecle, the soft clear cntnopy overhead no cleor almost as day. " Wllo are your frielnds mentllilloed in lthe other letter, Howo 1" lie asks, pro sently. " Major General Sir G(toro Ashford, of .'Glencourt" oil tll e Patea tliver. Tioh eatnto almostd adjoinl " Plnefall,'l anill tlhre is a -" FIntoin ]lHow breaks off sltldcnly, for lie soos Ial awful pallor collo quickly into tlio face of Ilis friendl. "Vno, you are ill? What is it, ?donr friend 1" oie crio3, riaing. "It is nothillng," inittera Vanl, tossing Ilia cignr nay. i" 1 al not nmulh of a senioker, nlli that wood i a Vrn y bid one0, tlhat'a ill. You Vworo saying-" "Look lhere, \'V0ii1l0," ya the young nlinglihlltiin, abruptly, layilg Ilis hand oil th a othlers arni, aid whlicll caLuO Ilia friond to look attoontively at him. " See hore, old follow, we liavo ulllerod Iluch togolher, you nild I, and I feel I have oliniO right to know what llakes you ao inoodly hotilltne withliulo any epparelit caiils. ouOllOt youl trllst lla ? I anm a gonlltnllin, and0, ioreovor, I do not re qiuest you to conlide iln e10, out of more idlo utriolsity. I inust roimind1 yu tlhat you anvol lily life, and 1 in longing to pa;y my dolbt with interest." J'anplu VIanolanllghsl. " Aly daor llowo, you are full of oroclictI to-night. 1o liovo me, thoro's notllig lthe matter be yolld it lit of indigisationl, l ulanilicholy Itlnally Ilarila 1110 for lor own, after dill Ilo'. .1. feel I ail: not Ilniiii of a comin paliol for you t an y tillOI but I have doin my lieat not to bore you iltogolllor wlihi liesoe itas are ulpon In . If, as you any 1 hlnvo done you a service, you oall relpayl 11 by hailng compinasion on all unfolrtunlate dyslloptio by altiogthor ignlor ing Ilis oddities.'' "1 will try, Vano," roplioe Iowe, with an illpatioult gusture " Uu t answer mo on iuesiation-wero youover in doubt 1" "About'wliohn? " SAny of your frionds, for instance.' "Malk tile qilrstion a porsoinal ionO iiid any J.ltntonl llowo." "\Very well. Fo'r uxaniplll-ary you had a doubt renapeotini! Finonlo HIowo that io was not what le seinetlld-a scounldrel for illalnlnc, or imay be sottlo thlll Wo018." "I'l is not polsiblo I could fanoy my frieonl ia eoundrul." " hiut if you hlad a toriionling doubt that le wnas " cries tihe othlorin porsistent tolnes. Tumple Vano turns his pale face to. ward tlle sponaker will a shaldo of osllr lprist ill lis grave voes. " Doubt has htini sonio of llioe Ilniloet of illlinkind," lie 3yas, roflly. " The gloriulla intellect of tllo illllotal Sllakespeare gatheored all the1 forces of its potont powor to cronto it Doldenoion. Why? 'To show tliat doulht ill tlih prsonl of tlio Ioblo Moor, cruully nlurdered her. Doubt is onl of tilae nust tlrriblo vweapons illn Ihe ariory of tlii ritllciple of evil. It do ae not kill ill fair anld upon1 cnildct, blt oraiwl like Ii nllidiglit tllief to its victim,. Iad I a doubt respecting Illy frioiul, his a actions lshliilit be bultli jlulgo ind jury, and he eliouhl staild or fall oil those aloneo with ileo." .' "oYou are right;, Viao, give me your hand," and Fl'otoil Ilowo's eyoas aro moist with millotioln. Tlot night Vano lay awak tormontlod with troubled thoughts, but the young Iiglialisiianl slept well, and droa'nod of tile pig hunt oil lheo morrow. OIIAPVI'ERII 111. A rill' HIUNT. The uatirnt settleiint of llakott], on Iho Ilay of I'lonty, 'T'turangn, cunsisted of about fifty wlinrveo, the walls and ithe roof liing built if a thiok albstanceo called Ki A'i, which is manuflclurIed fron tlie nativo fllx, land is iinporvious to thi Ilerce lid colnstant winter. rmaill Thoao lltsa uro shattered over'a fino patch of loearilg abolut tlroo litindro' acros in' oxtont, anld alioltorod by tho Touig Peak iountlalin. Thle place esarmled w witl dogs of al. most overy khill of mionagrol I and 'the laok cnaliu banrklng anld snalr'liTg round the heila of oulr two1 friends, llowo and Yano, ao tlhey Inado their way through thuivilinge thie ilorihing followinig the nvenntHli of our Inab ollptcr. To Iluiinna, the Maori cllioftlin, cnnoe flrtll tio lliot tlioem, clad i i hla huntintg logn of broiwl' oi ilot lii hislo had ndornoed witlh a l;rge loho featUlllh. The ' loMori wa0 slurriOtllldtl by twoiityuf hlis warriors, all ruo.dy arilcd for theo fray. Toiuranlpa arnrlion with wild pigs, anld a pii hunt is i ilvorllit pIastliln wilth the M?uori when I lna nlot at owar with Ilis nolghliors or, tho Thi Ialtivli tilas notllhor liorso licr hound iin'tlim linotimo; iindood, the rocky coiiln. try wheru till porkers are alllotly fouttid, will inot adlliit of it. All that is required arI HUilind olungI and a owift patir of Aftor larlaktiig of tlhe aeiclt? hoapl. Inlity, wlich was not 1ilIuh it the tli tnal of theu youtig inion, tlu party, with seveornal ildgs, hIadod for Tonga 1'lnk, whelre yanie w-a tI, bu hlid in ptullle.' 'Torlulllo nVaio atind his companlloi wora hli;tll arinlll litl1i a, dloulblo-barre llull rillo, land ioval of lIu ln iiturlos lirrltil towlliil plocos. .It priovd ilo child's lllly tlililng up li the at op.slda ol the uiiiiintnl, wlhire lthrue was In1 rogular llth, avon thltt made by thuiManrlieou witli tlieir lulinlilnwka. .uoanii 1l iooin the piarly ulnuorlud ulponl a litch olf tillek scruib, and here thie clidlu cnlled I hall. Itlil dinhl his InuI1 intii two dillvls thI e iMalllr dllpantcild Ittll part to tilo unalward, and turninilig to Voti ald Ilowso it polilted out a clump of glgantio kauri phlne, nd grl word to dvianoI, As we drew near the snot indicated the country surroundtig became broken and irregculsr. Hugh knuri pine trees, some rising to a heigth of one hundred and sixty foot, grow almost side by side, with thick coils of the Now Zealand creepor supple j"ck-curled and entwined about their broad trunks and . branches, and deacending thence to the ground again like ropes dangling front tle sparo of a stranded dhip. At length they ontered a flat spaco where the undergrowth was very rank and luxurinnt. Uero the chief halted, and directed our two fricnds to nacompany two of lis meno to a spot lower down. Ono of tho warriora could speak a little English, " You know how to ontch pig I" said he to IIowc. " Nn i have never takoe part in a pig hunt beforr." " Alh, 1'akohna son see." He dived tuddenly into a thick copso of ferns, and laying ldown upon his face, 'crgan ,naking a succesion of grunts and sqneaksso inmitati,-ly Itru to the nonies mnade by teo porcinl spuacioo that Vano intstnltlly broughtt his gun to lis slhoulder for n alot. Tlte Maori laughed a queeor noiseless laugh at the Piakulha's intia sko, and again repeated the sound-. "Pig, him sly follow ; eamell Palkolha," said the savage, witlh a grin. " Maori moer sly than pig. Iin noil like Maori, not a little bit. Muori lfud of pig." Andl lie laughed again, but no sound fol. lowed. Vatn and Hlwo croutohod down bcsidU their swarthy comnpaniions for soieto timeo, wlon gradually they hocnmeo cognisent ofa low rustling sound sotite distanno Tihe Mfaori cosod his l mimaicry, and looked up with an intelligent glanco. Presently the sounds ,rowv nearer, nc conpanioed by hoiarso grunts, and ieni nmediately live or six full grown pigs, headed by a fiorco-loklin: bonr wilh long lpr.jooting tusks, camen bjunding forth, atmi. bronking cover al, tioe Ilght of thio lunters, lend swiftly out into the more opoe blsh land, and it a line almost with the chief naln: Ilia mile. Iloro olto of ilte (eogo broke from the iparty, and the frightened cpiac, cetohing sight of hiim, whoolud half round, and scnnporoed wany in atotlher dirootion. Tally-ho I Tie olinao began. IPa.kohae, Maories, nld dogs were in full cry. Over inllen logo, ned over doop creeks and gullios went the gnime, acroaming weith'rag nnd fright. 'Tl1 dogsq, witll gaping illutahs, btrotheod tltlnsulvso out nftor their pray; wlhilo tho Malories, in frantic delight, leapod high in tle nir, tittering their torrible bat'lo cry, their featetres distorted, and clearing space with their tonihtawkl att overy bouod. Tally-ho I over boulders, massivo atl: fantastio in shape, and standing like huge giants to bar tile pueralors course ; over allnrp jutting rocks and across deep clomsna, whoro onto fealo stop would have booln uddon death, Maori and P'akeha running and ahouting, yolling and laugh ing, their breath golng and coming int abort gnaps, oeac is striving who salll be lirst in the exciting rmen. Tally-ho I through aswamps and btg woenb the grunters for dear life, their long Hnlaets covored with foanm, their hair bristlitig like quills upon tlhe fretful por olipino. Tle swiftest dog was within a few foot of the 'indeortnost porker when the boar turned at bay,. and witlh olto swoop of tls sharp tusks infliotod a wound which tolnlly disabled tie poor bruto. Onward yet I ''lTe ohasn is nowa going at a alower rate, and the dogs are fast gaining on their pray. To Ifunna is lead: Ing the vnatl and soonts to have plouny of "stay " in Iim yet; VYano Is next, strug. ling like n eecond Doerfoot for the load ; Ilowo is half a mile away in the rear, pulling anid blowing hko a whalo, and goRliculating like a madman. Ta.lly-liol A Maori pig Ihunt in a fine thing to lost the sounduoss of ona's ltungos. At the bottom of a doep ravine (Ilo pigs wero run down, and tile linal struggle be. twooen tell m ad n ito dogs took place. Ono courageous Ibruto, a largo dingto, soioed teo -boar by the tLhroat, and in spito of eaveral wounds lhold on to his proy until To Hlunna catIe up, who, with ono blow of his keen toiiilutawk, jplit I he boar's sklll in ti Lilt. Another dlog cnuglht a prlker by the ear, and thoer hlold ltin until leo wnas aeclred and inatlly desptelicd by one of the Mnories. A itel plump pie tried to hido ilsolfbehlind a tunas of rock tlhat cipeoned out in t he bill sbovo, but Tmpleo Vano brought him down with a clever shot that won the gootdill of tle clieftani. ' After the piga had boon delepaterld the Maories bled and dragged them to the creek close by, whore thoy'wero thorough.l ly oleaesed. Thel butchoring then began, and IInwo noticed tlie caorioa oarofully uxaltintod the liver of each pig. Ito cnquired the ncatse, nnd was informed that a lilthy disohbo is provalent ameong the wild pigs of the Norlhorn Island, and that the only way of detecting those diaonsod is by s?ltdry whlito spots over the surfaco of tIe0 liver. A gcant orowd awsitod ts at tlle :Mntori village on our return with the gnatnoe To ilutina iisisted ont VWnto andt Ilis comn paniot dinieg witlih imt oir the opoil, and renmahlinsg withl hhn at the 1lapl tiat night .Tuo give the dinner mnro tono tlhe ohloftnili ont an invitllton to thlie ission ary of thel iplae- Hakeor Bell- who joined the party forthwithl logotlor witlh Ilil assletant, ltirko lBrady y hy nlleo, n,tal tllo smlnllost, yet, withal, tlhe merriset mnd imost antia sprite for nt adult in the olony, Hlis brogue was imost rofr'esleiig, and Ilis stories botlh original and laighl ablo in the extrome, Tlhi oomical little joker kept llthe con pany i U excellent InUlllor. until. l IO ai illtt tours of iornlihg, and wloen it( wII day ho proposed io salow otr friends theo Hot Springs in ties vicinity. Tic offer .ans nooopted by our two frioeud, who, after lthey hlad indulged ill tlheo luxury of a phlngo into lthe river nud lhad breeakfastud, started oilf' t(o rak Hitll on foot, enooltlepanied by Burke Hrady. wlho acted as guidou togetlher witl Mr Ulil and To lluienna A dunso fog lay tlupon the Wailkto as hoya started i they lead seooral imiles to twtlk, but before tlhey haeed oiolepllued tleoir jolrney the tlhlok mist nhad vnsalelud hloneathl the boenms of thle slu, and o\vw, erltat nalglht. In awlilt OaOure fortinlg rtplids alter nra(itd, tlhe Waelktu e waen 1iulleglllg threilgh a deop valley betwcoU telep riln-g insuitahlts I it luudla, whirl lig niid fonintlleil rlend two amlall reeoky slasndst I, the setlcdle of tIhu river, worue lashing witlh a lutl pltroar tllruelgl hllu dulllo ofllth valley. Aloleg lte betkltse hlitoelucltds of slraml were neOtundllcg frotu hIt ascltdeua fitelhtg lnto the river, sitd IrntI bIIBnllls fll f lelllhng ctaleor a llhut It by a hliitue tlaBs ll tone, Yontlder n alunlinllg funllaltsl c'ns rllntg aetld felling i now thll re spranlg If11111 Inll.tlior ptlnunc aooollnl fuutltlill I this tleo conse d in IIe ts trn; t h llul Io CUIIIt . snunced pliying alshultanoslloly, ollo spsep low at tIhe river bank, atnd tlhe otller oel polite upoPn a ilrl., Aud thus Iosl play continued with endless changes, am though experiments were being made with grand waterworks to see whether the waterfalls had a sufficient supply. owao began to count the places where a boilini water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled within hli vision that he was unable to survey thenl accurately, The regionl of sprilng extends along tli river a distance of about a mile on both bankq, the larger portion of them being aituated uoonu tle right bank. It in, however, diflicult of access, since the rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs thoemanves, but only far above or below, and then it would be necessary to climb along the stooeep sloping rive, banks, covered with dense undergrowth, where the traveller, upon n a il totllly noftened by lhot vapours, would be evory momlont in dangorof ainking into boilint mud. The party wore obliged to content themselves with a closer inspctiot of the springs situated nil the left river batik. Tlho 'largest in called by the nativoi Piiia-To-Muni, and ii close by tho bani of the river. Tie inalneor in wllih thley practically oxpurieicod tll interlnittent. properties of tlis fountain pro'Vrs sufliciently how muclh caution is necessary in approaching such springs for til first time. Burko Brady, disdainiing tih warning of Air hell, and wishing to en:joy the luxury of a tithi, pluniged into tttU stroean, when suddenly loud detonations were licard, and they saw tlto water madly boiling lip in a basin ulose by, lIr.edy star:ed back agnin in terror, and gained the bank oust ill timo to escape a shower bath of boiling walor, for lnow, amid lissing and roariag, a stea:inig water coluiin was ,beitl ejected from tle basin in aslanting direc tion, and to tie height of about twenty feeot Whon t'lio aliower had subsided wo stepped upt to te basin and found it empty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel shaped, gradually contratling aporture, frolu whlichB stenm escaped with a hiasing noise. Gradually theowater rose again, and after the l]plo of a fow minutes the second eruption took place, Oralchini proved very intoresting to theln, apart froll the many material curios in its tneighborlhood. Through thl inlluoenco of Mr Bell and To IIinna, they had an opportunity of witnessing the Maniria at work, nialting rugs and nats, Thie lax plant grows maist abundantly in every part of the Waikato. To the native it ina proved tlie most useful plant in the whol yoveguetbl kingdom, both socially and pocuninrly; from it the Maori huilds and ornamounts his wlaro, manufactures Ilis clothing, and it is also no of tll best paying commoditios of barter botwoon hitil and his Pakehia brother. ]ti growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of teln to Iwelve foot, the apex being crowned by.palo yeTl low blossom, which has a pretty appenr. nloo while in Ilowcr. In a valley to the roar of the oet tleoiett we found tih Manorioa employedil aita pllntation of flax. HIe.o were a dozen dark forms of both sexes squialting in a cllter cutting down tihe broad bnldes ; others were convoying it in bundles to It third party siated on the bank of the river; tlhe latter were engaged splitting tie ltaf and slrippinil oll t'o inner fibru willt mussel sholls-a rather peculiar and dexterolusly managed proess, alinost iinimosible for iany but the Mlaories thlumnseolv to exedllit with sue. oees. The fibre produced from tih loaf is wlite ill color, and is reulmarkably aflt nid silk-like to the touch. tlurko Brady look a leaf of it to innko a whip for a lMaori cllild; he otit it noross, ndl thou otripped aof tih inner fibre by merely proaling the oll of lis tIhuiiib along it. The missionary inforniod thilln thant tle soft substance ti hus iroduced is called ilukai, and whon driedai nd assorted is ulsed in makting hio mioset luxuriouls Ilnts and nttive apparol. " But you shall seo tlhei at work in tlle ICfilakt wlare," said he, leading the way tol a loig seild situo ftie oil tilh risiig ground above the 11ix TPiD building was closo 1pon to a hundred f"ot long, withi n corroslponding widtll, and coutained allut lifty native wonmo and girls in groulp aO live ahd six, bustly eolplioyed in tile varilous tngeos of rug aintg., llro wnre agroup platting tile pirerit, it very eunllllotl lit, oInlyu'eild a liooroloth. 'Thue literiail u eod wea cumn iosed of unsoraped fllx split into narrow andls and olonely woven togetlor. Wilinl lisiehled it pruosii'od a gloany stra.rw-like appenrance. Tlh'y nlo inaklio the whiolo parapllornaliaa of plntces and diitoes in ust at llthe Ilapi out of the satIe substaeico. Thel lioxt p)arty woere olgtgeud on the kioro. ThIl was ellanulfacturroil witll acraped flax, theo ihachilio ausd for the proces soinellwhat resoutibling a harp Aftor ib oino from tills rude appliance the ilat was orlamentelled with various dyod tags, Thodyosof difereontoolora are notninod with little trouble from tile arkt of trous in tlh vicinity. S"Tlte rlg mat miiost valllod by tlle lneaories,' saaid the niisslionary, "is the Kaital." Thii is woVOel of tho very lineat wlhite muica, nlnd is notausllied by any tag or ornamn t, except a lirder iiout a foot in width of adilferentcolor. Thio border is black aan rule, oxrlopt when the sets of parallel zigzag lines nld the upaces he. tqoei thenl arn loft wylito, tutis farnitlg it beautiful nrticlo. Speaking ai few wor4s int the Mnaori lnllyl:qige .I Agray-theaded old chief uwho necollipauio(e tlhonll, IMr uell colidlictudl tllei tao t ir t of shelves. ceroeeled by thick mant, "at the other end of the weinro, Ilere wore piled lip costly rugs and dresses, fancy artiales in lnat lng, nnd a hlost of brillianit colored trifles intended for the Aucklatil market. Thio chiof unfiuilded (noe s8plndid rlg thllat ra. pociallyattracted their attelloni. It was as large as uno of our railway wrapplrs, Iyced black, tnd with ra sot vrlvet like shiado, its nlily orlianolt a whvlitoe irclo ill thoe colltro, abnlit tile si, of a dilnnor pnlto, Iluoo hIld it ln Ilia lihands anliuir tug its honelly, when Ilrady, who was st lintlig at Ille side, so!atsl huld of it, and tllrowhii> it over his : plly tormn, strode icinjustioally up and downl the llied like a staee k ,ing, Tlhe Mnorios, as a rule, rarely ilndulgu in lauglhtur, but thit r entil ui thtI lively culnirado set thliun, olhlcltling froin left to right, . . . . ' SArrnlh I woulln't I maiko a purty tmnnmaol, wil a tihrin, nof goll to att on, anil a togay lkn tllilablit me, ai' all the iatlvoso'f tho WalkKi'o li my ctibjelts, fur by the wholue of those huslaioa horu for liy wives, ue 'I" exolatnitld Brady, with a liroad g'rnu wrhitklinlg iis rmoug faoue rorc ,row to ehlin, and strullthig to. aud fro nftor the lnnulllor i(t a ponduck with ulit lipre-lldid i .t l. ' - Mr >l1h tried to lank grace, bitt auuld't t nage it, l?t (Ut l to lauglh. lo uitll lt l iaU n almuot Oiiinvulniil. "Trluth, I' he a tirry klntg,- tml lihllOllnl I'" oulllllllted lriiday, '\llIJIust tlihe ghi?lt o p.ot ip ri uecry leualluhtg Irum hi l'yot, I'd bhidldIU Bsoiiln tiLei saptl. pOeIs naway dolwn tl the oily of Atualtlul efur caiito full if wlhisky, anll thu flInl lnaclicltrd tllhat gave In hreoru he ulptitud the third bittle, begorria I'd sutltneoo htll to marry tho uttloest ould hyoiII about the plnlc,-'l'o OQuarwva, Ii MI 8 