GENERAL EXTRACTS. I heard the other day (eayB a writer In 44 Truth ") a good story of Mr Oh&uucey; Depew, who is regarded by his country men as their best after-dinner speaker Some one Bald to him ; " We are getting tiredofyourapeechc. A malthas only toput a coin in tho slot when he geteadinncr,and then up comes tho speech." 41 That," re- plied Mr Depuw, 4 Ms the difference between you and me ; with you the coin produces a speech, and then up cornea foe dinner." It was a clever specimen of French courtiy wit p&ys; rioraauiy j tnnt Btory recently told in the Paris 41 Figaro " of the reply of Admiral Itieunior to the Queen of Italy when she recently visited the French man-of-war La Formidable. In the Admiral'B cabin tbe Queen remarked a long liat of tho officers of thu fleet enclosed in a handsome frame of the period of CharleB 5L, and contain ing among its other ornaments a regal crown. Above this, however, she noticed the portrait of President Oarnot. 44 And bow docs your President like to be placed so near tliifi emblem V asked the Queen with a smile as she pointed out the cir cumstance. 44 He has no objection, promptly replied the Admiral, 44 for doe not your Majesty perceive that his crown is at his feet. What is known in Rubsis (writes an Odessa correspondent) as the wolf season commences with the early autumn and continues until late in tho spring. The last year for which statistics ot the depre dations committed by the wolves are given are sufficiently remarkable. In one year alone, according to the data carefully collected by provincial gover nors, the total lose of domestic animals by wolves amounted to 800,000 head, valued at 8.000,000 roubles, which )b about equal to one year's wolf tax revenue. As an evidence that tho number of woIvcb does not sppreci&bley; decrease, the Government of Olonetz is cited where wolves and bears destroyed in 1875, C785 head ; in 1880, 6322 , in 1886, 5156 ; and in 1S89, 5,600. In none of the above-mentioned Governments dooe the number ef wolves anuually destroyed average more than one hundred, and these are generally the younger animals not yet- trained to the crafty tactics of the older wolves and pack leaders. An exciting incident is reported from Bordeaux. A travelling menagerie had established itself in the outskirts of the city near tho Pare et Jardio d'Acclimatation. During foe feediDg-time one of the lions managed to evade the keepers and escape from its cage. It ran down the boule vard, to the consternation of the p&ssers-by;, and suddenly turned into » by street. Here it attacked a horse, seizing it by the neck. The horse, harnessed to a hay cart, pluuged and kicked, and the police beg&u; firing with their revolvers at the lion, which, however, was sot iojarcd, for as soon as it had had its fill of horseflesh i! turned to continue its promenade. A yonne mau then endeavored to lasso the beast, ana at length lodged the noose about the neck of' the lion, which was then dragged, half- strangled, back to its don.— 44 St. James's Gazette." Dr Rice, who has been visiting the public schools in vsrioUB large cities of the United States, paying special attention to the capacity of teachers as revealed in the examination of pupils, sketches tha following scene, which he himself wit nessed in a school in Cincinnati In on of the pieces read the word 4< merchant 11 appeared. 44 What is a merchant ?' thft teacher inquired, after one of tbe children had read the word. 44 A merchant is a tailor," answered one. " A merchant is a man who keeps dry-goods stores," said another. 44 A merchant is a man what buys cheap and kin sell dear," remarked a third. At last a little boy, with a triumphant air, cried out : 44 A merchant is a man what sell)1 goods." The teacher nnna r»f fliaap miefaVoQ In lan guage ; but when one of the children had read the sentence, 4 I broko the glass and I will pay for it," the teacher said, "What mis take did he make!" 4 Teacher," answered one, 44 he said 4 glass,' and he ought a' said 4 glare.' " 44 Right," ssid the teacher. Another Bcene was in a Buffalo school. When nil was quiet, one of the pupils called out, 44 1 ain't got no ruler," In answer to this the teacher, without correcting the child's language, said, "You don't need a ruler. Do it the way you 4 done' it yesterday." Here is a ghost story which (says the London correspondent of the Manchester " Courier") may be commended to the Psychical Society. A gentleman arrived one evening on a visit for the first timu to an old country house. As he was going upstairs to change for dinner, ha observed an elderly man, dressed iu the costume of the eighteenth century, come down one passage, walk along another, and enter aa open door. The occurrenco struck him as brine: peculiar, and at dinner he men- tioned it to one of tho daughters of tha hcuse. She appeared much interested, and questioned him minutely as to tha features and costume of the apparition. Later in the evening ho was taken into a room, led up to a picture and asked, 44 Do you 6ce any resemblance ? " Tne liken esc was exact, and lie then learned that the original of the portrait was an admiral who had died in his country's service in 1720 or thereabouts. Still more strangely, the gallant sailor had been reported to 44 walk " ab »ut 50 years ago, but had ap parently ceased his peripatetic habits until seen by this perfect stranger. 