L iterary O oinpetltion. Tun fourth annual literary competition, under the auspices of the Tasmanian Literary and Debating Societies’ Union, Dobson presided. On the platform, in addition to the competitors, the Executive of the Uni tin were r Bated. Mr Bradshaw Major playbd a number of selections on thejjirgan^ptior fo the contest, which wete The Chainpap said' th at th!£ w 0 the fourth titpc th a t these literary competitions had been held iu Hdbart, and they had once again to carry on that work which had hitherto been so successful. W liat he had to say he would prefer to leave till after the competitions in order th a t he might comment on what he had Been and heard, rather thfiJi to prophesy as to what was to take place. In olden days tbo Greeks met at Olympia to take p ari in athletic exercises,t and to display tbem< selves in feats* of endurance and strength. The inembers of the literary eocietioS of the present day had met together rrth a much higher and npbier object in \ lew; that,was, to test tho efficiency of those who were amongst the ablest of theii oultured young men. In the old days the Greeks rose to a brute standard of manhood, but that evening they were taking part in a higher aim, the promoting of a higher standard of hood among the rising generation. MieBYoucg(AssociateChalmors' Literary Society) pla> ed a piano solo, ttnd the competitions‘were proceeded with. At the conclusion, The Chairman congratulated the Executive Committee and those tal ' on the successful issue of the w ing. Competitions between the several societies, such as that of tliat even­ ing, was the very best means of ta&filng; still greater improvement. He felicitated all who were active members of a liter-ry association, and said that a man without ahobbywah A miserable being—be that hobby reading, writing, of Athletic exercises. I t was a great mistake to suppose th at Simple cessation from work Was i-estr1- there could not bo a greater error than that, for the happiest (nan was he who was always employed doing something or other. He hoped th at everyone would avoid Ding against one rock—they should learn to speak the English language properly. He was extremely pleased to notice the almost total absence of Chat marked colonial expression which had destroyed the English language 5' he had, however, detected one or two errors of that description* b ut not many. They all liked to befit a dash of Scotch or. Irish in the English language which gave ft piquancy to tho language. In America thay had adopted a now dialect—tho nasal,—which at any rate original—but the colonial w&s; not th a t' of a cultured person; it had no originality about i t ; it was purely a low London dialect; it was a blemish, and it m ust be. eradicated. Let them all speak the mother tongue purely. Referring to the play acting and elocution, he said these were powerful aids to the memory. A great many persons who had not good memories were, in his opinion, responsible for that detect, but they could not train the mind when they got old; it should be done in their youth ; for he was assured th at what was learned then, and tho habit thus acquired, would provo of service throughout life. He referred to the powerful memory of Macaulay, who through knowing the New Testament by heart was enabled to learn German by studying a German New Testament while travelling between London and India. There was more in the contests than appeared on the surface, for all the competitors had to exercise control and industry in preparing for thorn, and these grew upon them, forming character. Those who succeeded in the contests had gained their positions by greater diligence than their feUowe, and there was no donbt th rt there would be many more come to the front as the result of the efforts of the literary societies. When they saw young men devoting themselves to intellectual pursuits the observer knew that they were doing well. In conclusion, he urged upon all young men to exercise self-control and to be industrious. The prizes were then distributed &o; follows, the Chairman accompanying each with a few kindly words of encouragement. Four entered for the elocution prizes, which were won by Mr J. Nettlefold (Chalmers’ Literary Society), who recited “ The Road to Heaven,” and Mr L G. ockhead (New Town Literary Society), ho gave ” The Revenge,” the others eing Mr W. J, Bailey (New Town iterary Society) and Mr J. T. Hynes (Catholic Literary Society). The judges ere Messrs J. McIntyre, C. H. Elliston, nd J. R. Bette. ' The subjects selected by tho judges for he oration were “ The Founding of merica,” which was taken up by Messrc Jarvis and Bignold” ; “ Lord Macaulay” by Mr H. Shirley; “ Gambling” by MosBrs W. J. Bailey and H. 1 arrett, and “ Carlyle” which was not touched. The event resulted in Mr W. J. Bailey (New Town Literary Society) securing first prize, and M r H. Shirley the second The judges were Mr Justice Dodds, Mr P. 0. Fysh, N.L.C., and Mr Alfred Dobson. Of the three originally entered for the singing contest, one (Mr W. Jamieson, Now Town Literary Society), waa unable to tako part owing to indisposition. Mr 0\. Kalbfell (Chalmers’ Literary Society), secured the first rrize for “ The holy city,” the other competitor (Mr E. McNamara, Catholic Literary Society), Binging “ The skipper." The judges wore Mrs Sutton, Messrs IL U. Steinbacb, and Bradshaw Major. Impromptu speaking brought out four Btitution. Literary Society), took first honors, with the Rev. M. Moorbouse second both speaking on “ Novel Reading” Mr J. Adame (Parliamentary Debating* Society), dilated on “ The Seasons,” and Mr O. Kalbfoll (Chalmers’ Literary Association), on “ Tho Constitution.” The judges were Mr Justice Dodds, Mr 1*. 0 . FyBh, M.L.C., and Mr Alfred Dobeen. Thors were six competitors in the impromptu essay section, the essays having to be written *rt ~ J—*■“ a—i playing of 1 Major, designed as a a test of the abstraction of tbe mind from surrounding circumstances, as well as of ready writing. Tbe subjects announced by tbo judges were “ Power of Love,” ’• Lanikiniem and Its Remedy,” and “ Tasmanifcn Fruit.” Mr W. J. Bailey (New Town Literary Society) was successful in gaining the first award, and Mr U, 6hirley (Catholic Literary Society), tho second, each essay being on “ Larrikinism and Its Remedy.” Mr W. J. Bailey, at the request of tbo Chairman, read his esB&y;, which mot with marks of approval. Tho judges were— Messrs C. Gruncell, J. D. Shaw, and A, A Stephens. Only two societies entered for the dramatic scone, which proved an interesting item. The Catholic Literary Society, who gave Act III., scene 4 and Act V., econo 3 'of “ The Rivals,” obtained the prize. The dramatis persona were—Bob AcreB, Mr H. Shirley; Sir Lucius O'l'rigger, M r J. Gleeeon; Captain Absolute, Mr P. M cPartland; Falkland, Mr F. Banks; David, Mr A. Stuart; servant, Mr E . McNamara. Chalmers' Literary Society, gave “ Hamlet," Act I., scenes 4 and 6, the characters being assumed as follow:_ Horatio, Mr A. G, Watarworth; M&roellus;, Mr J. Wateon j Ghost, Mr Nettlefold; Hamlet, Mr H. J. Bueklond. The judges were Messra John McIntyre, C. H. Eliiston. nd J. R. Betts. Tbe prizes for the best essays on Advantages of tho Study of Histoiy ■ secured Ijy the Roy. M. Moorhouae and Mr W. J. Bailey. The judges were Father T. Kelfih, Professor Williams, M.A., and Mr S. Cicmos, One prize only was awarded by the judges for poems, and to o t woe obtained by Miss Hookey. The judges were Mrs L. A. Meredith, and Messrs W* H. Dawson and E. A. Lamprill. Manuscript Magazine. — The Parliamentaiy Debating Association (Mr J. Adams, editor) was tbe successful Society. he judges were tbe Rev. George Clarke, nd Messrs C, M. Tenison and R. H. ohnston, A hearty vote of thanks to the chairman u-carried by acclamation, and brought n instructive evening to a close. 