THE " TIMES1' NEWSPAPER INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. There is a very interesting article by Mr. Edmund Vincent in the English IUuslraied Magazine for September, from which we are bbto rrlnrl I.n ho nhlfi t,n take the fnllnwinir quotations. Mr. Vincent says : — Accompany ine then, at six in the evening to the door in Printing House Square. Remain without in the flesh, bub let your disembodied spirit pass through the folding- doors ; the men behind the railings on the right will not notice your ghost, but you may notice that they sit at the receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and thab no man bearing the printed envelope of the paper goes away unrewarded. You will notice, too, that flie night printers are dropping in one after another, for the great engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. the composing room. Glide unsubstantially to the right and you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness of iron tables and type, to the foot of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending which you shall become aware of a warm smell of oil and of a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the impression produced on the eye is thab of an endless series of frames, hybrids between a Venetian blind and an Alolian harp, each attended by its satellites who work under a strong light concentrated upon the work. Before each man lies his slip of " copy " ; legible or illegible, he must make the best of it ; some set by hand, others by machine, played upon with keys like a piano, capable of setting nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is the limit of the best Hand labour. Be content with a glance here. Know that each man has his work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many of the grow to an honourable old age, that all receive pay at rates higher than those earned by any men of their class in London, and that there is not a Trades Unionist among them. the editor's corridor. Pass through a green-baize door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits the room of , the editor of the Times remains closed, and thab you are in another man's house investigating the pene tralia of his business. Other rooms in this corridor are those which used to be occupied by Mr. Macdonald, and occupied now by Air. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing-room in which visitors are received, over the mantel-piece of which hung, until the other day, a portrait of somebody in antidiluvian jack- boots, whom I always assumed, without any justification, to be Crabb Robinson. There are three writing-rooms on thiB floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips of paper, and a strong electric reading- lamp. There is also number 7, the room in which an army of sub-editors spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly pencilled on to greased paper and called " flimsy." In spite of the monotony of their, work, the sub-editors of the Times as a body are the cheeriest and the most helpful men in the world, nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an article of all point and all epigram. the reporters at home and abroad. Upstairs, on another corridor, are the reporters' room, the leader-writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work, how many of them there arc, for the maxim of the Times office is that of the sage, with variations, " Call no man a leader-writer until he is dead." The name of the reporters is legion. The foreign room is one of the busiest in the house. The wires from tho Continent click without ceasing ; the messages which come require the full attention of four trained men under a chief. It is a mistake, by the way, to call this gentleman, accomplished and distin guished as he is, an editor. The Times has. but one editor, and in his department he is absolute and supreme. We are now in a position to give a rough sketch of the means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the Times. the men who make the, "times." They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and the so-called City editor, though here again the word " editor " is to my mind misapplied. There are x leader- writers, there are six or seven sub editors, and midway between them and the printers are the readers. There are also x special correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and z semi- attached reporters. In the United Kingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself "our own corres pondent." Of these M. de Blowitz is the type aqd the ideal. Even now I have omitted tho full, staff of reporters in the House of Commons, who enable the Times to give practically the only complete report of debates published daily iu England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appoiubed to each circuit, at the head of whom is tho uiosfc indefatigable and the most humorous of men, . the favourite of Bench and Bar, who has always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a merry anecdote for the jaded leader. Still there remain the multitudinous reviewers, the dramatic critic, the musical critic, tho art critic, the gentleman who makes the turf his study, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, the observer of cricket. The names of geutlemen of this class are indeed legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits of men. . The management of this great organisa tion is conducted by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with the invaluable assistance of Air. Moberlv Bell. The nrintine denartmenb is in the bands of Mr. Godfrey Walter. All the Walter presses have been made in the engineering room at the basement of Printing House Square. Here, too, is the type foundry, for at the Times Office a large proportion of type is melt6d up and re-cast. Finally the composing machines, Kasten- bein's, with so many improvements that the original idea is almost beyond recognition, have received much attention with excellent results. At) one time it was customary to connect the operators at some of these machines by telephone with persons dictat ing from the House of Commons, but the practice has been practically discontinued, partly because the House of Commons has become an "early to bed " institution, partly because the strain "on the operator was found to be almost intolerable. It is well known that carbon segregates from meteoric iron, in the form of fine grained graphite, and crystals of graphite resembling diamonds have been found in meteorites such as those of Youngdegin and the Nowo Urei. Diamonds are also' found to occur in old volcanic vents, such as the Kimberley mines of South Africa, which are filled with decomposed intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carvill Lewis supposed these diamonds to have been formed by the action of the intrusive material on the carboniferous shales found there, and predicted that diamonds would be found in meteorites ; but no diamonds have yet been -found in the -Greenland iron-becb, where a sipiilar aefcioh -haRtaken . placeif-rProfessor .0: 'vWvHun ting- \- tonZrecfentiy expressed the opinion—Whicl>, indeed, had " already been formed by A'. Daubrce — that, since the earth is apparently a mass of meteorites covered with a cm-- . Jbfi. ahnndiuy? Of - jjefia meptbs. The classic simplicity or Lenan'sFrer.yu prose, totrefcher with uie Jove he ever dis played, xor the discussion of spiritual problems anc( the analysis j)p. the religious sentimetitSrfllJfepugigesterti comparison: with both the matter and the miSBrer of the late Matthew Arnold. The affinity between 1.L 1 1 .. / a .1 . J ..null. MAVMAwlrAklA 