THE RED SPECTRE AND TIHE EMPEROR." "Tell him that the Red Man is wait ing for an audience." "Him" was Napoleon the Great; tile command was addressed to Count tde Mold, the Emperor's counsellor ; and the speaker was the Red Spectre, whose mission it was to watch over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. The Spectre, fantastically dressed in Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told that his Majesty was busy and must on no consideration be interrupted. The only answer that the apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon-must see him alone, and at once. Still the Emperor refused point blank to grant this importunate being an inter view. " But I must see him," he persisted. "Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." Trembling and awestruck at the im perious tone of the l'.hantom, Count de -Mold again went on tiptoe to the royal room anti delivered tle mysterious mes sage. It is said when Napoleon heard this message he became a spectacle pitiable to beholdl. The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side like lead; but though he was completely uu nerved, lhe,~."-enged to give orders for "'? ." 'e unwelcome guest. \- e i d one of the most ex traordinary Z...versations that ever were held. Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played the eavesdropper, and overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. "General," said the Red Spectre, "This is the third time I have appeared before you as a man. The first timle we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the l'yra mids; the second, after the Battle of \Vagram. "When we met at \Vagram, I granted you four more years in which to com plete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. " Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take tny advice and sue for peace. A general peace must be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remembler, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man-and yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it-to reason with the L'han toml and to extort easier terms. lie pleaded that it was impossible for him to make ant honourable peace in threeshtort months. "D)o as you please," returned the Red Man, " but t will not change my resolu tion. Now I go," he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hall, fol lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which thle conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Mlan to stay, but all to no purpose. "Three mInths--no longer," shouted the Spectre as he disappeared at the end oftthe hall. Just three months to a dAy from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al lies entered Paris (March, 3r, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated four days -after wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty Ihe exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his Imind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Year's Day. It is but fair to add that tile official documents upon which the account of the Red Spectre's interview with Na poleon is based were signed by the Count de Mold and the guard. The former, it will be remembered, overheard the conversation; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demtanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the Frencth Court ever since tile singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, and it is given here with all reserve. We think our old friend Mr. Burchell, of " The Vicar of WVakefield," would have uttered many a Fuzzte!t could he have read the statement of the Count dtie Mold. It is notorious that Napoleon was cre dulous. He had a firm beliefin his star of destiny: and General Rapp has re corded an instance of the " Corsican Up start's" behaviour while under the influ ence of this curious spell. Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan zig was at the time the theme of univer sal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into the latter's room wholly unannounced. The Emperor sat by the wrindow .per fectly still, gazing intently upon the heavens. Noticing his presence lhadtl not been observed, Rapppushed a chair with noise enough to attract Napoleon's at tention. Yet the latter made no sign, andti seemned utterly oblivious of every thing. PIerceiving this, Raplp rushed to the side of the Emperor, fearing that hie Ihadt fallen into a stnpor, 'lwhen the latter, without, takitig :his -eyes frotit tithe heavens for an instant, seized Rapp by the arm, and exclanietl in a loud tone of voice "Look there; up there." "I see nothing but the pale, twinkling stars," returned IRapp, quietly. " What," exclaimed tile EIlmperor, ex citedly; "is it possible that you do not see mny star; tile fiery red one, almost as large as the moon? It is before.you now, ansd oh, how brilliant."?: .Thlen, warming at the sight, he fairly shrieked as he crieds out, " It has never abandoned tme for a single instant; I see it on all greatiocca sions ; it commands me to go: toward ;;it is my sign ofgood'fortune, and "tlierei: it leads I will follow."n Rapp said that he really screamed as hIe uttered tlte words "I wtill follow," and that his face was livid as hIe seated hil self in confusion and suppressed excite ment. Several minutes elap~ctd befssre the Emperor was caltm enough to take part in ordinary conversation. (rCass,/i. St/u,,t/d j,, ur'znl. 