PASSING-NOTES. fBv Fausti.se.) The year of grace 1893 lias been ushered in to unusually stormy music. We cannot recognise iu this wailing, uncomfortable cliangeline a blossom-crowned infant of tho sunny South. Rosy and flushed and smiling it should come to us, hearing in its hands summer glories of dawn and sunset, the joyous song of birds, the blue of still waters, and tlie soft sigii of balmy breezes among tlie leaves. Instead, we havo clouds, wind, and ruin— all sorts of unseasonable evils, with the promise of more to come. No moonlight drives, no boating parties, no haunting of "cool grot and mossy cell," with luncheon basket well insight, unless you happen to he of an amphibious turn, nnd can bathe and eat at the same time. However, in spite of ofiiciul threats, the sky lias wept itself clear again, and waves are fretting themselves to stillness. For us— witli the sun's return — we commence to console ourselves by the re flection tiiat a fortnight's respite from tlie heat of midsummer, though it interfere with a momentary pleasure, may be but a blessing in disguise. It is astonishing how the despotism of old time Sabbatarianism has relaxed its hold on individual minds in the present generation. Well I remember tlie Sundays of my child hood. Morning church ; long afternoons with Miss Wotherell and the "Golden Ladder' series; more church, or family hymn singing — thence to bed at 9o'clock. Monsavonschanyc lout ct la. Lnst Sunday I passed in a crowded hotel, where people of all ages, all shades of opinion, and more than one nationality, assembled in tlie drawingroom in the evening for the deli berate purpose of enjoying themselves. Some mandolin and guitar playing, a recita tion, and operatic airs— didn't raise the ghost of a blush or frown on the face of any member of ' tho com pany. On the contrary, everybody congra. iated everybody else ou a particularly agreeable evening. Tlie solitary clergyman of tlie party slipped away somewhere, hut only, I fancy, to the verandah outside, where he could cujoy tlie entertainment without com promising his cloth. "And quite right too,'' commented a lady afterwards in one of those cosy chats before bedtime that one enters into with double zest becauso of the feeling that their linked sweetness must be cur tailed. " The only hope for religious beliefs and theories in these days lies in the fact that their teachers are learning to be quiet about them. Rather Irish — yes, it is ; but true." The evil effect of a public Sabbatarianism from which tho soul has fled, and only the husk remains, is no trifling matter. True we suffer from it less than tlie mother country There the struggle is still going on for the open, ing of galleries and museums — the dedication of . the public treasures of art and science and knowledge, with all their elevating and refining influences, to tho mass of the people. Tlie British Museum, teeming with interest and instruction as it is, still remains comparatively unknown to the work ing classes, who havo as full a right to entrance there as the scientist, tlie litterateur or tho man of leisure. They cannot bo expected to givo up Saturday afternoon, tlie one precious free half-day in the week— nnd thousands there are who cannot claim even that— to any but the lighter forms of amusement, unattainable on Sun day. "Well may a modern writer, true friend of the people, remind us that " tho poor toiler, fallen and wounded, is still visited by the Sabbath Samaritan, who takes him to a chapel or drives liim to a gin-shop. For oil and wine, for beauty and recreation, tlie poor man must get what lie can from alcohol and orthodoxy." America has followed England's example. Tho closed doors of the great Exhibition at Chicago, on the one day when the sons and daughters of toil are free to enter them, will be a standing reproach to the selfish and narrow-minded arbitrators who have chosen thus to clog the wheels of liberal thought and progress- And they are not even consistent. In 1876, when tlie city of Philadelphia was an absolute pandemonium as regards lower-class Sunday morals, driven to des peration from sheer lack of resource, work ing men and women were excluded from tlie exhibition held in honor of tlie Centenary of Independence, while the world of fashion was admitted "by printed invitation." We ourselves are far from blameless. If ever there was a retrogressive movement, tt was the veto on those Sunday concerts and enter tainments that afforded innocent amusement for so many who preferred them to the drink and gambling that received from the steprt direct encouragement. Yet a word or two; for the subject is one of the most important of our time. This particular form of Sabbatarianism is at pre. sent purely English, though why one gloomy little island delights in keeping it alive it is difficult to say. Especially as in the sixteenth century the dwellers in that same island made Sunday quite a merry time. They even had stage plays and dances. " The Jewish Bible," say some people in explanation of the mystery. But they have the same Bible in Paris, in Vienna, everywhere on the Continent, and do not. seem to find in it any command to abstain from amusements. No, it is in the blood. We delight in doing penaneo and making ourselves miserable. " Tt is the hard grey climate" said Charles Kingsley, " that has made hard grey Englishmen.'' And we, their Australian sons and daughters, have not yet lived long enough under the blue skies to shake off the depressing influence of their austerity. Wo want a new Spinoza to arise among us with his pure, bright philosophy— that philosophy for which he was cast out of the Jewish synagogue and forbidden over to return. " It is super stition," said he, fully 250 years ago, " that sets up sadness as good and all that tends to joy as evil. , . Joy can never be evil so long as it is regulated by the law of our true utility. A virtuous life is not a sad and sombre one, a life of privations and austerity. How should the Divinity take pleasure in the spectacle of my weakness, or impute to me as meritorious, tears, sobs, terrors— signs all of an impotent soul ? .... Yes, it is the part of a wise man to use the things of this life, nnd enjoy them as much as possible ; to recruit himself by a temperate and appetising diet, to cliarm his senses with tho perfume and tho brilliant verdure of plants, to adorn his very attire, to enjoy music, games, spectacles, and every diversion that one- can bestow on himself without detriment to character The thing of all others about which a free man least thinks is death. Wisdom lies in the contemplation, not of death, but of life." That Spinoza was an indefatigable worker and the very reverse of self- indulgent, gives added weight to the brightness of his teach ing. I was amused yesterday, on a railway journey, by watching hoy-aud-girl imjires- sions of tilings. The tram stops at a station, for instance. On one side i3 the platform filled with people— ou the other an engiuo lotting off sLeam. Straight to the latter goes the boy's eye. "See that spring on the safety valve?" he says. He keeps on watching. No detail of that hissing, gasp ing, shrieking monster is lost on him. Valves and wheels, and pi3tonrods, ho loves them all. He wishes he had a model of the whole — one that could "go," Ho determines to make one, that is if lie call find a spare shil ling or two that he hasn't spent on fishhooks or horse hire, and if Joe .Smith decides not to part with the pair of rough-haired guinea pigs. The girl gives one glance. "Horrid, noisy tiling!" She puts her fingers in her ears and turns to the platform, comments on tlie dark young lady's hat with too many red roses, .the ugly hoy with a conceited manner, smoking a cigarette, " trying to make believe ho is a man the dear, sweet little baby crying because its nurse won't let it crawl about on tlie platform ami play scavenger with white eiuhroi- Icrics, "Howling kid," growls the hnv. " Don't he so unkind," says the girl, i "Oh. look r.t that ftinnv hlue-aml-grcen bird ! uowu mere among the trees! ' "She docsn t know a parrot from an albatross any more thau she knows a scrow from a bolt," he sneers tauntingly. Then, as the train moves off, " If I were only under that tree with a gun I'd pot that bird like winking." " Then 1'in glad you're not," the girl replies. "He's much too pretty to be shot. But one of his wings would look awfully nice in a hat." " Cruel tiling " Well, I declare, if I were so cruel as," etc. The emancipation of women will gradually destroy differences of sex, so 1 am told. 1 will not venture boldly to deny the awful prophecy. Of one thing I am very sure, that there will he plenty of womanhood to last my time. I do not think Miss Grace Chamiing Ncill altogether fair to the " Autipodean " girl iu tlie now magazine of that name. I know plenty of tliem considerably over 17 who are neither " shrivelled and sere," nor out rageously fat. " Ere twenty summers are reached," she says, "tho rose-leaf complexion lias vanished for ever." Perhaps, as a general rule, an Australian girl looks older at 25 than her English sister, but even here the exceptions are so numerous as to leave room for considerable doubt on the point. And where is the " enormous mushroom hat of brown straw," without which our girls cannot face the sun. I do not see them in the Sydney or Melbourne streets; nor among the various mountain retreats. They are principally confined to a few station hands, whose work lies out of doors, and who, as a rule, have never had a complexion to lose. Miss Ncill's charge that tho tendency of the Australian girl at the present time is to a "certain unmodulated rowdiucss" is more serious, but, J. tliink> equally exaggerated. We have had examples of such young people, certainly, but the amount of comment and the showers of in vective they excited were in themselves u . fairly strong proof that "rowdy behavior'' is not common. And, finally, J do not- agree with the assertion that the Australian maiden "loves not needlework, and has acquired by constant practice the art of doing nothing." Far oftener than not she is capable of making her own dresses when necessary, doing her own millinery, and learning quickly every new kind of plain and fancy needlework as soon as introduced. If she has " acquired the art of doing nothing " it is rather from faulty training and over indulgence than inherent laziness. The average Australian girl is both energetic and obliging. Recently I met a married woman, the mother of a large family, who declared that she bail never made a cup ol tea or coffee, had hardly ever been inside a kitelien, and didn't know a lemon- squeezer from it nutmeg-grater- That she is exceptionally ignorant, even for a wealthy woman, is more thun possible. But, notwithstanding thcprcseut progressive movement in the directions of cookery and sewing, it is u fact that there is still a defi ciency of training for girls in the various branches of household work, Oiio hears so many women say, " Oh, 1 knew absolutely nothing about the management of a house when I was married. What 1 have gained in that respect I have gained for myself." And the blunders of newly-married girls serve as a perpetual fund of amusement even to the eomie papers, S3 we know. This is hardly as it should be. Whatever freedom and independence women attain to, what ever knowledge they gain— and no door should bo shut to them — the proper care of a liouseshouldforniaucssontialpartoftlieiredu. cation, not only theoretically, but practically. An American lady wrote some time ago that every girl, either before or after going through her college course of study, should graduate in housework. She thought H.N. (Hopeful Neophyte) might be the distinctive initials added to her name for the first year : H.E. (Household Expert) for tlie second. The idea is a very good one. The degree H.E. ought to be considered every whit us honorable as B A. And it would have the additional advantage of not being gained, as the other too often is, ut the expense of nervous headaches, stooping shoulders and pale checks. So much for the general aspect of tho matter. Turning to the particular, it must he confessed that n small section of thinking women are developing very sensible ideas about what we choose to call contemptuously "menial'' labor. Only lately I came across the very antithesis of iny incapable friend in the person of a young liuly who, finding times hard nnd Iter father worried about money matters, has turned to the manufacture of sweetmeats (excellent they are, too), by the sale of which, privately or otherwise, she hopes 'to realise sufficient to pay for her music lessons. Another young girl lias taken to preserving, and, as all housekeepers recognise the superiority of home-made over manufactured jams, I hope she will do well. The sale of buttercups for table decorations lias also brought in quite a nice little amount of pocket-money to a third young lady of my acquaintance. This is all a step in the right direction. Once do away with the notion that a girl forced to earn her own living or supplement the family income can only con tinue to be "a lady " by avoiding "trade" or hand labor of any kind, and we shall get along much more comfortably. American women in the same position abandoned pre" judices of that kind some time since, as a recent account 1 gave in this column of the " Ladies' Exchange" proved. And I feci sure there are plenty of women ready and willing to give substantial encouragement to indi vidual or combined efforts of so praiseworthy a nature. Not many people have so thoroughly the courage of their opinions, however, as a lady with whom I came in contact more than once in London. " We prate about tho rights of labor,' she said one day, indig. nantly; "audhowdo wo honor it? AVhat genuine sympathy do we give it? Take our servants, for instance. If we do condescend to shake hands oneo in a way with one who lias proved specially faithful, wc feel the same glow of righteous satisfaction as your parish priest as he pats a ragged child on the head, or inquires after poor old Betsy's cough, while she drops his reverence a curtsey. All our kindness is de haul en bus. There is always between us and them that "pale spectrum of the salt." I visited her not long after. There were three young ladies at the luncheon table, to whom I was intro duced. They talked nicely and intelligently, spoke of their " evenings" at French, ICiig' lisli literature, music, chemistry, and so ou. Two others waited, pleasantly and deftly. They were quiet, but not in tlie least servile. Nowaud then they spoke to the youug ladies in a low tone ; I thought I heard one say something about "your day." After luncheon they all left the room, and Mrs. E turned to me with a smile. " What do you think of my domestics?" she nsked. "The two who trailed? Oh, they seemed nice, bright girls." "The three who lunched with us were what you aall my servants, too," she said. She laughed outright at iny perplexity. " Your ! But please explain." "Well," said Mrs. E , "you know my theories. I made the experiment of treating my servants in that fashion five years ago. There are eight of them. I have tliem to one meal— luncheon generally— every day, by turns. 'They wear no distinctive badge, us you sec. They address us as friends— tho younger children by their Christian names. I am much iutcrcstcd in au evening college for working women, where, indeed, I gene rally inquire if 1 want a housemaid, a cook, or what not. They are mostly anxious to come to me, and I change very seldom. If I happen to get unpromising material to work upon, you would he astonished to see how it gradually softens and refines in an atmo sphere of respect and consideration. Tlioso three girls ypu saw at lunch are simply small tradesmen's daughters ; their manners were uncouth enough three years ago. But the college influence is good. They all join any two classes there that they choose. Some, times tlicy choose accomplishments at first, when their English is deplorable. But it is interesting to notice how, by dint of gentle advice and the unconscious influence of the others, tlicy become awurc of their defi ciencies, and discard the vulgar ambitions they started with. Each one of my girls saves money, which we assist them to invest to the best advantage. And we see that tliev have proper recreation. We introduce them to pur intimate friends ; they are at perfect liberty to go out anil come in as they think proper, yet any one of them would scorn to abuse that trust by neglecting her duties." , " Well, all I know is that, it is nn ideal experiment," I said ; "and, that you appear to have succeeded where thousands would fail." " Do tlicy try ?" she asked, quietly. And I could not conscientiously say tlint tlicy did. 