the ROSE OF^AUj^inArF ? Bt GORDON STABLES, M.D Author »f ' 2S3 B, The Story of a Double Life,' «« The , A * e Mystery of » MiUionaire^ Grave,' ,tc. -CHAPTER XH.— Love's Young Dbeam. I WHX have yotj FOUWWKD ME HkekP Mallard's friend, Gard, quickly beckoned (9 s hansom and it was by his side almost Immediately. ' Ton see that four-wheeler just starting ?' 'Tes, sir.' a follow it up. Do not lose sight of it for ? moment. When it stops at a hotel drive slowly on past it, till you see the fares IflSTe.1' ' Bight you are,' said the cabby, and the chase began. It was, however, one of no great length or difficulty. The cab drew up at the L- ? , and the partly alighted and entered, after Captain Gregory had paid the fare. Wallard was not a very early riser, but shout twelve next day his private hansom isnhim quickly down to the L ? . 'Wait,' said Wallard. He entered the hotel, some waiters who stood about obsequiously bowing to him as h6 passed them. I These men knew a private hansom from a public one, and were of that class who honor heavy gold chains and diamond rings, Thetber false or real. 'Bedroom, sir?' 'No, thank you. Fact is some friends of nine, I believe, are staying here, and I want to surprise them.' « What name, sir r' 'Ah! I believe they are travelling incog.' He nodded and smiled. 'Honeymooning; eh, sir?' 'Something of that, 6ort.'' ' One a seafaring-looking gent ? His wife, lunch younger, petite and pretty ; a very beautiful girl, perhaps a daughter of the gent's by s former marriage. How'd that suit, sir?'' 'The very thing ; but was there not a young man;*' 'Ah ! yes : visitor, undoubtedly, and the girl's lover quite as undoubtedly.' Half a sovereign at this stage of the con versation found its way into the clerk's bud. 'I wish to see the elder lady alone. Can re manage it 'Certainly, sir, but ? ' i' But what 'They went away this morning.' 'Whew— w — w!' whistled Wallard. ^ 'Did the porter note the number of the 'Ibdieveso, sir.' 3J» porter had noted the number, and it took Wallard all that d^y to obtain farther estimation. At the conclusion thereof all Jkttehad found out was that 1*2,008 had drivta three of the party to St. Pancras and left than there. W hither they were going heoosld not tell. He bad got another fare «£ gain off. STmcionU olgHt Ol gold ftunslaie the memory of the railway porter, who usually labels the luggage for the I I tear Wallard would have made but a toor deiBJtrae. However, he succeeded at lutm foiling out at the L ? that the yrty had come direct from a certain well Isoto old-fashioned inn up in the lake Strict, & Wallard made preparation for an ex faaed tour. He would trace them back as he had failed to trace them for *®ds. One thing, at least, he had found «t— their names, Tom Gregory and Mrs repay ana .hose Koberts were written in ? ? risjtora' book plainly enough, and j fflde s husband did not look like a man to *ould trouble himself to travel incog. He was ga5d to be a seafaring-looking st This, Wallard himself could confirm, h to all that he might be a coal and coke ®™t, a bus proprietor or a cattle dealer. helped him but little. Sovcver, to a considerable extent Wallard rajaowin his element. He had something 0001 an exciting nature, a game to play, ffstety to unravel, revenge to take, and, L P^^bly a young and beautiful ? 'Kinate as a guerdon of success. many years ago a relative of ,ui , '?M and left him a legacy that placed barrier betwixt him and the pos u. ? ? P°,verty» time had upon the whole ™$ttmewh&t; heavily on W all&rd;'s hands. BWm exhausted all the ordinary £r~®™life, at least all of them he cared *or Wallard was no fool ; he had terinf v mone-v on horse-racing, he ®fov»0r ur^ 48 he at times went °r ^°0' or 6mall stake sys jjay enough to create interest and a Jo excitement that tended Sat. t,n. the. wheels of lagging ®8at bad never been drinki.n£ man, or i7^'^Te we find him looking jJJ* older than many men of eight and TF8S 6(3 x- lKftm, ^ a victory over a lovely l|6fc,_ ^ecure any sort of favor from Stt ?f thinking, any w-6 or expense either. A ?S-mai«/ «IaUard, had told his 00m.- I v?68 °ft- was the only ^*aa P^yhig for, and if W,'t» way, whether that r' a *.°-ver or a husband, it, Jjior a. ani6tentime8more worth play ^W»J8?7°ullSman» Wallard had M many of the lady iij&aatwi-; .^'P »a which he acted as their cost, bat now he was ^ ' ISfiLI? damreroae — and Il5^^^^\^l0j'i6dge created pies 1-12' fesid of i;88*' adding also to the ~r®4t»his ,v~? ®M-ner ana very much But his Inject a8 * rule' *om?n riO'adtW+i.- conceit or vanity m were very much in ^''imaelf. the value at which he j c, Walkrf ^ i Hew **8 once more on the kis own r detective, but dity' and the ,80rt® of detectives. W^Iottod^ y clever class, who W on ti 1 ^o^ld it be but a WkS^Peculkr !fVe ot. a 00at- or a tip g ttnwi^6 ^ a handker Perfume whi^^7 °n or from WT „,1?ad8 tmde* 5„ 'i. of detec aovelirt 6«8j°rie8 or of .^Ia^dl»ne6-wWBWfnd 'eTer in teal of the barf1* h ^ nascitur v^ kiv.^6 the .a^ seems to With the detective 1)6 a plodding, /oU»w °p. ever, %m»tively speaking:, with his finger ; in hiB mouth. '« EveryUmjg comes to him who can *rait, he told Oard when rallied on the non success of his mission. , ' r'm going to bide my time, Gard, my ?r ? ff»pes are barely ripe, anyhow.' Meanwhile the winter wore away, and Gregory's ship was once more reported readv for sea. Fain indeed would Winnie have Kept her husband at home, and sad -was her heart when she bade her sailor farewell, something, she knew not what, seemed hang ing over ^ her. Her husband might die or be lost. His ship might never return, or in his absence something might occur that she dared not even name herself. She could and would pray for him while far at eea, however. Winnie's faith was a Very simple one.^ She felt in her heart of hearts that God himself is far more kind and merciful than man. That her Saviour even did not condemn the ' woman caught in adultery, but bade her go and sin no more. And she knew, too, that the devil having once gotten one to commit some particular sin, is never better pleased than when he can point to it and assert that it is a barrier, an eternal barrier, between the perpetrator and his Maker, that prayer is of no further use, and forgiveness out of the question, whereas if there be any truth at all in revealed religion, our iniquities serve at times to bring us nearer to Him, and his marvellous mercy building up within us a gratitude that forms the stepping- stone to the peace that passeth knowledge. Poor, simple 'Winnie. Her husband had no sooner gone, his barque, which she had watched with tearful eyes till its topsails had disappeared, had no sooner sunk behind the horizon, than she began bitterly to repent that she had not told him all. He, so good, so trustful, so innocent, would assuredly have forgiven her, ay, and become her firm friend and protector. But now, alas ! it was too late. Then she began to oount the long weary months Jthat must elapse before his probable, nay his earliest return. Four at least. What an interminable time. February flew by, and March advanced, bringing with it bud and burgeon to the tree, tender ' briard ' to the brown, bare fields, a flush of green with daisies intermixed to the lees, and of song and sunshine to the birds in woodland, heath and moor. Spring is a sweet time all tha world over. Spring is the season of love, a glad, a Joyous time to the young ^ When one day Rose received a letter from Frank M'Naughton — the first shc?d ever had — to tell her that his ship would soon arrive at Southampton, and that he meant to spend his holidays hear her home, Rose went and buried her crimsoned face on her mother's bosom as she handed her the letter. Her mother let Rose's head rest there while she read the 'brief epistle. Hen she held her a little way off from her that she might look in her face while she answered this simple question. 'Hose, child, do you love this young man ?' Hose did not answer at once. She seemed intent on trying to detach a button from her mother's dress. ' I don't quite know,' she said. Then once more she hid her face. And a tear fell softly frum her mother's eye as she kissed her daughter's hair. ' Heaven grant,' Winnie was praying, ' that your love may be more happy than mine was.' Yet neither in his letter nor at any time had young Frank M'Naughton ' breathed a word, a single word of love to Rose. It was strange, therefore, that simply because she had come to love t.big sailor she should feel quite certain in her own mind that he loved her. X am going to content myself with the statement of facts, and not to attempt to analyse them psychologically, although to do so might prove a very interesting study. Does love beget love? Do two young people, thrown together under certain circumstances, become in a measure en rapport as to soul? Do they attract each other by any laws known to the psychist, or that ought to be known to ftim J These are the questions which for the present I must leave unanswered. Frank M'Naughton came to the village, and, strangely enough, found rooms at the house of Jamieson, Gregory's old gardener friend. He was going to study hard now, he said. Well, he did study, but I think it was chiefly Browning, Shakespeare, and other poets, with botany, to which he had a leaning, es pecially that branch of it which treats of wild flowers. This— more mystery— hap- pened to be a favorite study of Hose's. She was quite au fait with all the wild flowers of the district, so a kind of compact was made between them. Rose was to assist Frank in arranging and classifying the wild flowers, and naturally enough in collecting them also, while in return he would initiate her into the mysteries of Browning. What a pleasant and happy spring and summer that was. How innocent and guileless. A summer to be looked back to in the darkness of later years, and mourned for as one mourns for the beautiful who die. Ah ! Tom Moore was right when he ? ' There's nothing half bo sweet in life A« young love's dream. V ? _ _ IHa they plightLiheir troth? lSo; and this was somewhat Singular- Yet each had the most complete trust m the other, nevertheless. Luck favored WalW He was^lWng one day with Gard on the outskirts of Bir mingham when it occurred to tiwm their thirst at an inn clow by. The plaK was kept bya Scotsman, and on tha table lay In Aberdeen tmoer. ' Captain Tom Gre gory, of the good^hip Arotic ^S^ein as having a full ship, and expected home in . * ' S? SfShS ' more enthusiasm tn»n seen him display before ; I have Bead that.' . . , It would seem 80,^ eaid Gard. \-- And it is, Gard. Something t®118 m Wiurf o^fortaUj soon after 10 ?'olockon the ncori was busily engaged reading over K G^°£e w* he sauntered back to hie hotel. 'Boat to Lerwick, air? Det me see, bu. Why.this eveningateodoc^ the Green TjW-,. obliged to. *.„» ^ '» tain that same evening, while the vessel was beading away for the fair-off Ultima Thule, WaUard^6** a m®re stride 1han He had formed his plans, and success seemed a certainty. CHAPTER XHI. — Face to Fack with this _ Awful Past. Not oidy did Wallard believe hmmnlf to be a detective of the first water, but in talk ing to his especial friend, Lord ? ? the impecunious son of a noble honse— he gave himself all the airs of one. ''Now, yon will see,' he would say, 'that this will turn out precisely as I prediot.' To give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really 'possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially temaie human, nature. But although on that \ evening, when he turned Mb glaBBes upon yaptain Gregory's box, he looked, mostly at Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, the husband did not escape notice and study. ' Soft,' he remarked to himself, lt a man ' J desire to, I can twist round my finger, or mould into any shape I choose.' It was -because he thought he had need of Gregory that he was now hieing northward _ Lerwick. Most men, having' found Winnie's address, would have turned up there and taken- chance of .-winning Bosie's heart. Yes, it -was poor Rose whom Wallard now intended to make his quarry- Talk of love *&8uk&gb;£, *ai,*^^.%BSnrtangtf of it. In one moment Wallard had trans ferred all his love — if real love can exist in the breast of such a man as this — which he once had borne for the mother to. the daughter. She had all her mother's beauty, her mother's hair and eyes, and all her mother's winsome ways, and she was young, an opening bud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color, ere the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had he with so young and innocent a child as this F He did not hesi tate to ask himself this question. You will hate him when I tell you he asked the ques tion before his mirror. ' Chance enough,' he conceitedly replied, smiling at his re flection. 'There isn't a grey hair yet in those temples nor in that beard. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor have I ever frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman's heart thoroughly, and be sides all — I have money, not to call it wealth.' That was Wallard's verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passage to Lerwick, and almost the first question Wallard asked when he had got on shore was : ' Has the Arctic Queen come iu yet ?' ' No,*' was the reply, ' but she is ex pected here every day.' ' She won't 6tay here long, I suppose ?' ' Only a day,'' cried the landlord, then he winked. ' You see, sir,' he added, by way of explaining his wink, 'the skipper got married last fall, and he'll crack on home to his wife you may be sure. And they say she is a full ship thi6 time.' And sure enough next afternoon the Arctic Queen sailed into the great harbor or land-locked salt water lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after she had dropped anchor and clued sails, boats were seen shov ing off from the vessel, filled with brawny Shetlanders, with their bags and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their ooming, and such a scene of affectionate greeting, when they did land, Wallard had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and grey-haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for their boys' embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheering were something to be heard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the sturdy Scots there next came the Captain's own whaler, i Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not j help thinking so. In evening dress he had j been a failure, but here in his suit of frock j pilot and sailor's hat, he was every Inch a seaman andaman. He went straight towards the hotel, where he was met by many of his Shetland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretched outtograsphis. ?- Bravo, the Arctic Queen.' 'Full up again, Gregory?' ' The luckiest ship that goes to the country.' ' The luckiest Bkipper, too !' 'Not a bit of it,' putin the landlord, ' Captain Thomas Gregory has a head upon ! his shoulders, that's it, neighbors. But I say, skipper, what stay are you going to make ?' ' Be off to-morrow, Mr B.' ' Ah ! but you'll let the boys come on shore to enjoy themselves and buy some pretty mits for their sweethearts, you can't refuse them that, surely, since you've been so lucky ?' ' No, I suppose I muBn't,' said Gregory, laughing. ' There are lots of letters for you in the coffee room.' -« Well, I'll go and get them. I hope all's well at home. Bv-bye, boys, eee you all later on.' Wallard in the back-ground had been listening to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room, and took up a paper. The honest sailor read his letters from home, and many a smile of joy stole over his countenance as he did so. ' All well and happy,' he said aloud at last. 'Thank the Lord of Heaven for that.' It was a very fervent ejaculation, and ended with a sigh of intense relief. Then he looked round and noticed Wallard. 'Why' he said, laughing. 'I really thought I was all alone.' 'Never mind me, Captain,' said Wallard. ' But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you pleasure.' ' Ah ! yes, Fm in luck this voyage. So different from last. Walter, bring me aUttle whisky and 60da.' ' May I join you, sir, in a drink?' ' You're very good, Mr — a — ' ' Wallard is my name.' 'And I'm Tom Gregory — plain Tom to meet you, I'm sure.' Thn two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. 'Now,' said Wallard, when the drinks were brought, *' is there anything I can tell you ? For I suppose you haven't had news for many a day ; but let .me say, to begin with, that the Conservative Government is gtill in power, that the grand old — — ' Fiddlestick 1' interrupted Gregory. 'Well, the grand old /fiddlestick is alive and hearty, that' the Irish question remains unsettled, and that we haven't come to war with France over Egypt yet.' 'Bravo ! Sir, I'm pleased to have met ? It you. ' I to have met yon, Captain Gregory. Will yoa dine with me .here to-night t 1 daresay the viands we shall get will not rival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say you accept, and Til give the order, and try to stir the old folkB up.' ' O, with pleasure, Fm sure.' 'And,' said Wallard, 'I shall tell you all you want to know about our dear old country, you can give me information about seal hunting, bear stalking, and all the wild sports of the far North.' ' That I can. I am an old ice-man, and, though I say it myself, what I don't know about Greenland, north and we^fc — well, isn't worth making a note of. Are you fond of sport, Mr Wallard?' ' Passionately se. In fact, Captain Gregory, I'm rather an idle fellow. I had the good, or bad, fortune some years ago to be left what is called a thumping legacy, and I the gave up sea-life as a profession. ^ 'What 1 t)o I speak to a brother sailor! *' Ihavebeenaaeafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and rose to be a humble purser.' . ' You're a Bailor, and that s enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and excuse my broken English. Wve been a seafarer. But how could you have given ' upT .« Oh, I did not quite give up the aea. In fact, since this legaoy was left me, I have visited every land on earth whose shores are by blue water. Api I'm not sore that I shan't take a paa eage next season in a sealer to Greenland, fort for the sate of sport.' 'Well, look here, sir, you're aman of the world. 1 can see ; «nd if yon careto take a trip up north with your gan, let me know. My barque isn't big, bat I'll make room for you.' The dinner passed off to.Wallazdfs com plete satisfaction, and before Gregory and he parted for the night, Wallard had secured a passage back to Scotland on board the Arctic Queen. This was precisely : what he wanted. The winds were contrary at times, and at times there was no wind at all, so the voyage was quite a long one. But Wallard made himself the life and joy of the ship ; he was soon beloved fore and : aft. - j 'flow I should have been fretting and I faming- now,' said the good skipper, if ! you had not been on board. I tell you what it is, Mr Wallard, Providence must have sent you.' | ' What a capital actor I should have made !' thought Wallard. Bat a fair wind came at last, and the good barque spread her wings and flew before it. 'I _ dare say,' said Wallard, on the last morning, ' there are plenty of trains south?* ' 'Look here, Mr Wallard, if you talk about running off^uth for two or three w^ks^^ coTi^y^Shall Jpiake yjq strict ' priMon^hti^f^u^^owjbid clajjji a sentry at your door armed With a harpoon gun.' 1 Wallard laughed. ' Don't forget,' he said, ' that you have a wife to please. ^Ladies dont iove me, Gregory.' 'Come, come,' said the innocent skipper, 'that's past a joke. You don't know Winnie.' ' Don't I, though,' thought Wallard. ' She'll welcome you for my sake.' ' She's welcomed me for my own ere now,' Wallard said to his heart. 'And little Rose. The' Rose of Allan dale. Why bother me. 1 hadn't thought of her. Nothing more unlikely ' than that you should fall in love with her, and she with you. He, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. However, borne you come with me, and we'll have some fun, you bet.' Winnie was among the first to come on board. She rushed into her husband's arms. She was in tears with very joy. Then came Rose and fondled her step-father, not less earnestly, if a little more shyly. ' O, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick I got acquainted with such a dear good handsome fellow, a sailor, too. I want him to stay for a few weeks with us. I know you'll wel come him for your husband's sake. And you must sing to him sometimes, Rose. My eyes, darling, how bonnie yoa look ! Come and kiss your daddy once again. But where on earth has Wallard disappeared to ? Below is hs, steward? How pale you are, Winnie ! No fainting fit again. I hope.' Winnie staggered a little, and would haye fallen, but for Wallard himself who, on his name being mentioned, rushed up the com panion. And now be held Winnie in his arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoicing triumphant. It was a strange situation. Melodramatic in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard's seeking, and certainly not what he had expected. ! But here was the poor writhing victim, powerless as it were in the talons of the mer ciless persecutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while Gregory, distracted, had hurried away to fetch water. 1 'Dissemble a little, '\whispered Wallard. j ' You must. He knows nothing, positively I nothing.' ' Leave me now,' she gasped. I She sat in a deck chair, erect but pale. | Rose in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded arms, himself a little pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes riveted in ill -disguised admiration apon Rose's upturned face. Back bustled Gregory, and in a few minutes Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy Belf again. Seemed 1 Yes, she was dissembling. She must, as Wallard had said. God give her strength. ; She was face to . face once more with tbe awful past. CHAPTER XIV. — A Gases of Life oe Death. It is so hard for anyone whose nature is sensitive to have to dissemble — to live a lie ! And Winnie had not a single friend in whom she could confide, or to whom she could tell her sorrows, or the sad story of the crime. There was one, only one, who knew the | whole Bad tale, and a gentle loving heart she had, albeit but a Cingalee. That one was Weeba. Winnie had ever respected and looked up to this woman almost as a mother, and the affection she had for Winnie was very sincere indeed. But, though, for the sake of obtaining just a little sympathy from her, Winnie Roberts had told Weeba the story of her great tempta tion — endured and resisted for her child's sake — and told her, too, of tbe abstracted cheque, she hadmenticned no name or names. She was glad of this now. Weeba must never know that the tempter was Wallard, now a guest at the bungalow of Allandale. She herself could dissemble. It was almost a matter of life and death that she should, but she feared lest Weeba, out of the very kindness of her heart, might try to influence Captain Gregory against his guest. No, in this one thing Winnie must stand alone. So, though she grew thinner and paler every day, she suffered in silence. She went about as usual, however. She played and sang in the evening, she was even deferential and affable towards Wallard. She had not yet seen him alone to talk to. But that time came within a week. Wallard in Gregory's presence had ex pressed a wish to see the little cottage where Winnie had lived previous to her marriage. It was now to be let, and he thought it woald just do for a shooting-box or a fishing box for himself and his friend Gard for a few months. 'Two old bachelors, Mrs Gregory,' he said, laughing, ' that the fresh and braoing breezes of this rugged coast would speedily make young again.' 'Well, my dear,' said Gregory, 'why don't you run over with Mr Wallard and let him see it. I've got to go out this morning, and Fm taking Rose, but we'll be back to lunch as hungry as rats.' Then Winnie got up from tbe chair. She nodded and smiled to Wallard. 'We will go at once,' she said, and so retired to put on her hat. Indeed, the interview she knew must come sooner or later, and she longed xo kno w .WaUard's intentions, and tqlmow how maoh she was in his power. v, .j^ Butnota word on the subject so near to the hearts of both was spoken until they had entered the cottage. Tired and pale as death Winnie seated herself in the window-sill of that empty room in which she had spent so many nappv. peaceful days, while on a broken chair Wallard seated himself a little way in front of her, bestriding it as if ithad been a hobby horse. It was she who spoke first. 'Why have you followed me here?' she said. ' Why have you set yourself to break up my happy home, to break the heart of as fond and innocent a husband as ever lived, and to bring grief and sorrow upon my darling child ? What is your wish? Speak — I will have the truth.' ' Yoa shall have it, Mrs Gregory. And yoa will have it briefly, too, and at once.' For many and many a long year, Winnie, I have loved you ? ' ' Stay. Not one word of love to me, Mr Wallard, or this interview must be brought to a conclusion, at all hazards.' 'Not one word of love to you, Winnie. No, because I have ceased to love yoa. The affection I had for you, dear, ! have trans ferred to^ ? ' ' To whom? Speak, man, why do you hesitate J' . ' To your daughter.*' ' To Rose ?' Winnie almost shrieked. Her eyes were almost starting from her head, and the sweat stood in big - drops upon her cold forehead. ' (TO BK OQMlXHUmK) A spinster club started in Vienna. Aim: Speedy and happy marriages. This is something like 'business. j 