Delilah's Yengeanee There was a large house-party stay ing at Dene Abbey — tho men on . pheasant- shooting intent; the women hoping that the country would afford opportunities for striking matrimonial bargains the town had not. Many are the facilities of a country house, and " adventures are to the adventurous." Dinner was over, and the guests were seeking any diversion to kill time that the occasion might offer. Flirting in dim corners, and dancing in the hall Were the immediate attractions. Tho scene was picturesque enough, for the hall was spacious, very magnificently decorated with articles of Indian work manship, and brilliantly lighted. Two galleries ran round it, and a view of the interior could be commanded from wide or narrow embrasures, curtained with red velvet.- ; In the first gallery, in that portion where the orchestra sat when a grand ball was held, the "high jinks" of the gentry were intelligently watched and commented upon by their attendant " gents " and " young ladies." Fresh from a recherche supper in the steward's room, their tongues were glibly facetious, and the jokes coarse. "Lady Vyner is certainly a very taking woman," so said Evans, Lady Mellish's- maid, to Crolv, Sir Henry Vyner's valet. She was seated on a high cane chair and was peeping cau tiously downward from behind a cur tain. "She is," agreed Oroly, who stood contemplating in the shade with his hands in his pockets. " The old boy don't wear well, does he J He's looked worried lately." " No wonder," responded the maid, with a meaning leer. " Lord Compton do pay her a deal of attention. I always said it would come home to Sir Henry." Croly was fat and amorous, enormously greedy of gain; but, on the whole, kind- hearted when there was no rivalry in " tips." " Sir Henry was cruel to his first wife, I daresay. If a woman isn't young she may go to the devil." " Cnu't abear a woman anywhere about thirty." Evans' own lustrum was thirty, so she changed the subject. " You've got that old cat Mrs. Henriques down here, then ?" "Reg'lar jolly woman." " A wickeder never stepped, and you know it. If I saw her in flames I'd let her burn." " W hist, my girl," said Croly, in an undertone ; " there's Mrs. Bowles and the others just behind." . Evans was entirely wrong when she surmised that Mrs. Henriques was " trying it on " with Sir Henry. They were sitting near an atrociously ugly idol, studded with jewels. It had eight hands, a lolling tongue, and grinned hideously, like a mocking \Fate, behind Mrs. Henriques. Mrs. Henriques wore vert eau silk and rarest diamonds. Her hair was a tangle of golden bronze, and her bloom peach like. The exaltation of tho seraph, or the malice of a demon, gleamed alternately in her eyes, with the Society stare for ordinary occa sions. Her age, "doubtful," coild hardly be less than five-and-thirty. Among other things she had remarked, " How radiant Lady Vyner is look ing." "Her energy is untiring," mur mured the husband, scrutinising from the distance his wife's slender form, 'and moquante brunette face, full of .fire and passion. Sir Henry, who had been, and still was, a handsome man, :had some inward consciousness of the sere and yellow leaf" when tho significance of disparity was forced on him. " That feverish gaiety is very ener vating," went on Mrs. Henriques, closing her mother-o'-pearl fan. " I have suffered endless neuralgias as a consequence myself. But I am all nerves. And Lord Compton is a idevoted cavalior." Sir Henry, stabbed in a weak place, remembered that Mrs. Henriques was posticho au bout des ongles ; but it did not save him from feeling uneasy. ' " The Comptons are all butterflies," he said quietly. "Every kind of flower attracts them." » The Comptons are all dangerous flirts," she continued — perhaps with latent annoyance admirably concealed. "And flirts have been known to be serious . in the course of their ex istence."' " Oh, undoubtedly," agreed Sir Henry, stabbed again in a fresh place. " Remember Lady Elclrid. What a remarkable decensus for such a saint !" She laughed. Her chatter was as unmeaning as the tinkle of a bell to all except those who had " ears to hear." " Yes — well. Turn to Biblical lore; the virtuous woman was evidently a rarity, and we have the prevarication of Sapphira and other female types too numerous to mention." " Ali written for our learning. In recognising the apt we disclose our sufferings. In the sermon of life we look for the text last." . Mrs. Henriques had colored vexedly, but her accent had no perceptible alteration. A pause enabled Sir Henry to recollect that 1 Mrs. Hen riques had the previous season laid herself out to capture this same Lord Compton. Failure might have some thing to do with tho amari aliquid. Nevertheless, there was an expression in his wife's lovely eyes which once reigned there for himself alone, and now burned covertly for another. Mrs. Henriques began to find the duologue trying. Slie enlarged on the diplomatic gifts of the late Sir Edward, always with her eyes roving over the Indian curios, and with her mind on the adjective " acquisitive" though she used "diplomatic." As an escape she accepted the next invitation to dance from a fair young fellow of herculean frame and simian features. He was Viscount something or other, and un attached. It was nearly midnight. A dusky edifice bathed in ethereal moonlight lay the Abbey, surrounded by its park stretching far and wide between vistas of ebon foliage, and breathing the vast quietude of a solitary expanse, un tenanted save by deer, sheep and oxen. In the distant picture-gallery the moonlight was shedding ghostly glimmers on the substantial silence of tho pictures, settees and Indian cabi nets. Someone had drawn up one of the blinds belonging to the deep windows and was waiting, watchfully expectant, in the shadow of the cur tain. The hour and the situation were weird — the errand also a perilous one. Lord Francis Compton was aware of it, and indifferent or inclined to chance the odds, for were not his veins tingling with the wine of love ? Irresistible, when forbidden, are pro miscuous endearments. The rapid, though cautious, rustle of laces and silk caught his lordship's ear. A swift triumphant smile crossed his features. He was animated by the keen pleasure of conquest, and rejoiced as a god breathing victory. The woman, frightened and half- breathless, extended both hands as she reached her lover. An inquiring, wistful expression spiritualised her lineaments haloed by the half-light. He drew her into his embrace. They kissed one' long, impassioned kiss. Then, as if remembering, Lady Vyner shook herself free. The desperate effort sent the blood to her heart, and made her think in a flash how stupid it was to be good; it had no plea sures. " Linda, darling, what do you mean by such an incomprehensible tran sition i" he asked, half amused, half anxious. " You don't know, you won't under stand. I should like to, but I won't — go away with you," she gasped ashamed, reluctant, though firm. "You are false, and changeable," he declared angrily, with a deep breath. "No, I have only remembered. I have sworn, you know, to be true to Sir Henry. Yes, I loved him once — in a way. Do you think that if I broke my vow to him I should be true to you ? No ; if there is nothing in violable, nothing can endure." " Do you call yourself faithful now 1" "Yes. Not ethically, perhaps. I can't help ray thoughts, but I will help my deeds." " And your presence here to-night ?" clasping her hands more firmly. " Is it to beg for mercy. I have encouraged you, I own it " — sighingly. " Poor little darling, reduced to the humiliation of extreme unction, while still in the flesh. All the sin and sorrow this pretty iiair, those lovely eyes and those sweet lips have caused !" Kissing her again and again. She did not resist him, and pressed one answer ing kiss on his brow, lingering and fond. "You really mean it, Linda?" he whispered pleadingly. " Conscience and scruples are deeper than love ?" " No ; they must come first !" "Good heavens! how you have changed in a day — a fow hours ! You don't care how you make me suffer. " " Frank, I do, truly. What's that ? Did you hear ? Somebody outside. Can it be Sir Henry?/ Her awe- stricken syllables wore filled with com punction. Taking her by the hand, Lord Francis softly let down the blind. " Be silent, darling," he commanded. " We are lost, and I did mean to be good. Frank, stand by me !" As it happened, there was no occasion for Lady Vyner's excessive alarm, though it was not remarkable undor tho circumstances. When the guests had soparated for the night, they had not — at least, all of them' — made straight for their bed chambers. Evans had seen her lady to bed. Carrying a candle, Evans left the state floor and proceeded along a corridor. She was on the look out, for she had witnessed many a compromising scene from tho corridors of various country houses. A door opened on the left. ' A lady clad in vioux roso satin issued therefrom. She came cautiously along, with a sweep ing, haughty gait, and carried her candle almost oh a level with her head. " That she-devil, Mrs. Henriques," silently and instantly exclaimed the lady's maid. "Misery?" was the lady's scared and mental ejaculation. "Jane Evans come to life again ; surely not." Her limbs began to tremble violently, but she moved onward, making no out ward sign. The unwelcome presence was evidently alive, and no ghost. Evans walked on unperturbed, and down a small flight of stairs. Here she paused till she heard a door faintly close in' the distance and a bell ring. Then she ascended the stairs and made for the apartment Mrs. HenriqueB had quitted. It was a kind of morning-room, used occa sionally by ladies staying in the house, but very seldom frequented by any of the family. Evans cautiously opened the door and peeped in. " Ah, you old sinner !" she presently apostrophised the occupant in a laugh ing stage whisper. " Something told me I should find vou in here." Sir Henry Vyner had beenun homme galante ; his memory swelled with the pride of many a conquest. After a lengthy probation in eclectic amours he married a Miss Vnne, a woman of singular attractions, an heiress to boot, but older than himself. Apparently the union was one of affection on both sides — at least, the illusion as such was sussained for some years. A mis understanding arose — the charm was broken. Sir Henry began to find his wife ennuyante, that her hair was turning grey at the temples, that she had lost a tooth, that to kiss her was a savorless obligation — in fact, that she had had her day. (to be concluded.) 