STORIES TOLD Delford's Ghost. " IT is a cruel injustice, Hilda that you should be so shamefully wronged out of what justly belongs to you. That old Delford left a will giving you this beautiful homestead, I am positive; and if he did sot announce his inten tion in so many words he hinted strongly to that effect. Only a week qefore he died he told me that you were well provided for; and we all know thatBeuben Delford was no man to raise false hopes." " Yes, Edward, I too believed that dear old uncle Éeuben provided for me, or he would never have refused to permit me to earn my own living, When I broached the subject to him, he laughed and said he possessed enough to keep his little girl from starving. But what is to be done? No will has been found, and, of course the entire estate goes to Simon Delford, his nephew," " Yes, curse him !" cried Edward, angrily. He could tell where the will is if he chose. He had a deep motive in coming here when the old mau lay so ill, pretending that he loved him so dearly, and toking the entire care of him, not even allowing you to enter the sick man's room. If the truth was known, I believe the old man entrusted the will to him, and the penurious scamp, upon examining it, found that the greater part had been left to you, and so destroyed it. But, Hilda, darling, do not tor one moment think that I love you one whit the less on this account, for Heaven knows how dear you are to me," he said, drawing her to him and imprinting a kiss on the rosy lips ; " but it distresses me greatly that you will be obliged to live in poverty, when by right you should revel in luxury." ,' Do not distress yourself, Edward, for I am willing to face povery so long as I have you with me, and you will find me a most economical wife, I assure you," said Hilda, trying to smile. " BlesB you, darling," said Edward, clasping her in his arms, "you are a dear, little, unselfish soul ; but I shall not allow this miserly wretch to defraud you." Hilda looked up in surprise. " What can you do, Edward ?" she asked. " I am not sure that my efforts will result advantageously, but I can try. at any rate," he answered, with a smile. " I mean to resort to a little strategy. Sit down, Hilda, and I will give you a few order which I wish you to strictly carry out. I cannot let you into the secret at present, as it might interfere with the success of my plans. Now, listen, darling," he continued. "In three days Simon Delford and his wife are to take possession of Sunset Grange. He has engaged me as secretary, so I shall retain my old position 'for the present. He may, through common decency, allow you to remain for some time, but it is likely he will soon take measures to eject you from you old home. Should this be the case," laying a purse in her hand, " I have made provision for you. Keep it, darling," he said, as she hesitated and drew back, and when you recover what justly belongs to you, the sum can bo re paid. Simon knows nothing of our en gagement, or that we are connected by ties beyond those of ordinary friend ship. I wish to have him remain in ignorance, else my plan will prove a failure. We must not allow him, by word or look, to learn of the ties that bind UB. Should he see fit to turn you from your home, go straight to Bent ford, and remain there until I come for you. Leave all to me, and I will do my best to restore what rightfully belongs to you. Keep up your courage, darling, and all will be well." Three days passed, and Sunset Grange was under the control of new occupants. Simon Delford and his wife had taken undisputed possession of the lovely home which had been Hilda's since childhood. Ten years before, a fearful epidemic had visited the little village of Morton, and John Braithwait, an honest, in dustrious carpenter, and his frail wife were prostrated by this fell disease, and had died within two day of each other, leaving the poor little orphan Hilda to the mercies of a cold world. No one wanted the child, and the almshouse seemed the only refuge, when, to the surprise of. the enture neighbourhood, old Beuben Delford, a miser, who had hitherto evinced little or no feeling for his fellow-beings, now stepped forward and announced his intention of adopting the little orphan as his own child. No one had thought that Beuben Delford possessed a spark of human feeling, but it was evident that there still remained in his hard heart one little warm spot which had not been chilled by the love of mammon. And, although Hilda was but eight years old, she ruled both mansion and master with the wand of love. And Beuben learned to set great store by the little orphan, manifesting a regard for her which no one had dreamed him capable of. He was kind and indulgent, humouring her in every whim, and seemed never so happy as when the little arms were about his neck, and the childish voice calling him " Dear old Uncle Beuby." What cared he what the neighbours said of him ? Hilda loved him ; and right loyally did she defend him, grow ing fierce with anger when any one dared to speak ill of mmin her presence. At first Simon Delford, his only living relative, in his smooth silky way, tried to induce the old man to allow him to take the girl to hie home, think ing that if he could get her away from Sunset Grange, Beuben would soon forget her. He argued that, being only a child, she needed motherly care, and his wife, Samantha, would be delighted to have the little girl around. But Beuben thoroughly understood Simon's motive, and declared it to his face; whereupon Simon flew into a Eassion, denouncing his uncle as a soft earted old fool. The quarrel, however, was of short duration, for Simon was too far-sighted to risk losing a fortune, even though it was not so large as he had hoped ; so he returned to his uncle and made an abject apology, declaring that it deeply pained him to have trouble arise between his only living relative and himself. Beuben had very little faith in Simon's repentance, as he knew him to be a cold, mercenary schemer, and in wardly vowed that he would get very little of his (Beuben's) wealth. Still he allowed him to think himself fully forgiven, whereupon Simon returned home willing to await the development of events. Simon came around occasionally, always making great pretensions of affection for "Uncle Beuben's little girl," as he called Hilda. But Hilda had taken a violent dislike to Simon, and made no effort to conceal it. And glad was she when each of his period ical visits came to an end. At last old Beuben's eyesight failed him, and being unable to attend to his business affairs, he was obliged to em ploy a secretary, in the form of one Edward Wieland, a handsome young man, whose poverty was his only draw back. He was not long in Sunset Grange when he took it into his head to fall madly in love with pretty Hilda Braith wait, now a lovely girl of eighteen summers. That this love was returned we are already aware ; and so for a year all went merry as a marriage bell. But at the end of that time, and the day succeeding the one on which Simon had come to make his monthly visit, old Beuben was taked suddenly ill. Hilda was greatly distressed, and would have been happy to repay her kind old friend by loving care through his illness, but Simon emphatically declared that the sick room was not the place for a young girl like her, and furthermore, insisted that he himself, by request of his uncle, was to act as nurse. Four days passed, and then Simon was seen emerging from the sick-room with a handkerchief pressed to his eyes. " Oh, Simon, is he worse ?" cried Hilda, grasping his arm. '.My dearly beloved relative has gone to his eternal home, and I am left alone," said Simon, in a snivelling tone. " You are a wicked cruel man, Simon Delford, not to allow me to sea dear old Uncle Beuben before he died." exclaimed Hilda, sinking into a chair utterly overcome with grief. Simon remained until after funeral, when it was learned that no will had been found. A well-known lawyer in the neigh bourhood stated ¡-hat he, at one time, had drawn up a will for Beuben Del ford, but Simon declared that the old man had told him durirç his illness that he had destroyed it. Therefore the estate passed into the hands of his only living relative, Simon Delford. "We should be pleased to have you retfain with us for ashorttim>>, Hilda, if you have not made other arrange ments," said Simon, one afternoon, a few day after they had taken possession. Hilda well knew that this was a polite way of letting her know that BUG must not expect to remain permanently at the Grange. " I have not had time to make any arrangements with regard to a change of abode," she answered, shortly, " but will endeavour not to burden you long with my presence.'" One day, aa Simon drove io the village, some four miles distant bis horse evinced signs of lameness, and he was forced to leave him in a neigh bouring stable. Being to penurious to hire another animal, Simon set out to walk. Il was late when he started for Sunset Grange, and the night being cloudy, the walk through the lonely country road was anything but pleasant. Soon the rain began to fall in torrents, and he entered a wood to make a short cut to his house, he heard a sepulchral voice proclaim his name. " Simon Delford ! Simon Delford !" the voice exclaimed, " what did you do with my will ?" The question seemed to echo through the woods, and as Simon stared in affright from tree to tree to discover the speaker he saw standing before him a figure which in the gloom seemed the image of his dead uncle. ''Lord have mercy on me!" the terrified man exclaimed, as he dropped to the damp earth, and panted in horror while the ghastly figure stood over him, throwing upon him the light of a bull's eye lantern. " What did you do with my will ?" the ghostly figure again asked. "You-you-you'll find it on the north-east corner of the cellar wall, behind a loose stone," Simon answered, with a pause after each syllable, as he struggled to control the rat-tat-tat of his chattering teeth. The light of the lantern was promptly extinguished, and poor Simon was alone in the darkness. The next day, when he went to the cellar to look for the will, in the spot where he had concealed it, it was gone. A week later the document was in the hand of a lawyer, who presented himself at Sunset Grange, with the necessary legal papers for the ejectment of Simon Delford, and establishing the claims of Hilda Braithwait as Uncle Reuben's sole heiress. " I played it on him nicely," said Edward "Wieland, in a subsequent in terview with Hilda, " and I could hardly keep from laughing as the frightened wretch lay at my feet, as pale as death." In the following May a grand wed ding was celebrated at the Grange, and Edward Wieland and Hilda Braithwait were the principals. MARE Twain tells the story that, at the inquest held on tbe body of Buck Fanshaw who during the delirium of a raging typhoid fever had taken arsenic, shot himself through the body, cut his throat, and jumped out of a four story window, breaking his neck-the jury, after due deliberation sad and tearful, but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow, brought in a verdict of " death by the visita tion of God." Buck undoubtedly committed suicide, and so does every one who neglects the first symptoms of approaching sickness and disease. Nnture always gives ample notice of any disturbance of physical processes ; sometimes it is neuralgia, some times a sharp, shooting pain in the abdomen or side, or a dull or throbbing headache ; no two persons get the same symptoms. What you have to do is to attack the first symptoms for if consumption, dropsy, cancer or Bright disease once gets a start, you cannot stop their headlong course to the grave. These are facts there is no disputing, for all the medical skill in the world cannot do much for you when real organic disease has set in. We emphatically recommend Clement's Tonic because we know by personal experience and by the evidenca of influential and reliable people who have used it that will do good and prevent disease. Clements Tonic ÏB a medicine that invigorates and strengthens the entire corporal organism ; it does not only effect certain members, but strengthens the whole system, thus preventing the attacks of disease. The assertions of the manufac turers are borne out and proved by Matthew Wright, Ksq., North Brisbane, who waites :-It is with the greatest of pleasure that I address these lines to you, but I should be doing yon an injustice if 1 did not. I have been a great sufferer with the liver and kidney disease; tried all the best doctors about, but nose of them did me any good. I was in despair, when I read one of your books put under the door. I tried Clements Tonic, with the result that it has made me a different man. I can attend to my duty in a chearful way, when before I took Clements Tonic I used to feel dreadful with the pains in my back, and scarcely knew how to crawl to my work. Thanks to Clements Tonic I am cured, and a j sound and healthy man. -Yours faithfully. Matthew Wright, Karl-street, North Brisbane, Queensland. 