COBDEN'S IDEAL AND LAND VALUE TAXATION. to the editor op the daily telegraph. Sir, — Let Mr. Cotton be consoled. I have no intention of imposing that fearful amount; of taxation for local government pur poses which lie so smartly pounced mcnt," I could not consistently do so. The slip of the pen which made mc write of capital valtto instead of annual value was probably the result of a temporary entanglement in that bewildering jargon which one lias to adopt in dealing with the single tax. As to other points, an allowance must be innde for satire. Here is a revised version of my figures, which I lay before the single taxcrs, so that they may exercise their wits upon them. I base my calculation upon the assumption that 4d in the £ will be required. Some single taxcrs assert that this will bo the amount, and they are more likely to be cor rect than those who blandly insinuate that only one penny in the £ will be required. 1 also add £2 per head as taxation that will remain, irrespective of the taxation upon land values, and I take the average family to be five, as some of my freetrade frieucls con tend that that number, and not four, is the correct average. Here, then, is what a selector with 640a. will have to pay under these circumstances when the land value taxation policy comes into force : — £ 9. d. Land tax on 610a., the unimproved value of which Is 30s per ucro .. .. 16 0 0 Assessment on sheep .. .. .. 10 0 Local government taxation nt Is on tho annual value, tlio gross value of the land, with improvements, being £3 per aero 4 16 - 0 Instalments of Is pur acre for C. P. land 32 0 0 General taxation still left, at £2 pur head, for an average family of tlvo .. .. 10 0 0 Total yearly payments .. ..£63 16 0 Again, this is irrespective of the rents for conditional leases. On the foregoing I am not inclined to accept the dogmatic asser tions of single taxcrs that these figures are incorrect. So far as I know, no man has ever made a correct appraisement of the value of land or improvements in New South Wales, for the simple reason that, in tho absence of local government, wc have not the necessary machinery to make that correct calculation. % With regard to the insinuations of 44 Cutis "(who appears to be one of those single-idca'd democrats who now abound .in our public life) that it is undemocratic for me to imply that un excess land taxation will decrease the spending powers of the landowners and lead to a dismissal of laborers, I would ask him to ponder over the following extracts from the "Eabian Essays" : — 44 Ever since Mr. Henry George's book reached the English Radicals, there has been a growing disposition to impose a tax of 20s in the £ on obviously untftrned incomes— that is, to dump £450,000,000 a year down on the exchequer counter, and then to retire, with three cheers for the restoration of the land to the people. The result of such a proceeding, if it ever came off, would con siderably take its advocates aback. Tho streets would presently be tilled with starving workers of all grades — domestic servants, coachbuilders, and numberless others whose living is at present gained by ministering to the wants ot the proprietary classes. 4 This,1 they would say, 4 is what your theories have brought us to. Bad: to the good ol<l times when we received our wages, which were, at least, better than nothing.' Here we have checkmate to Henry Georgeism or State ap propriation of rent, without socialism." Tho writer of the foregoing is Mr. G. Ber nard Shaw, one of an intellectual band of socialists who write the famous 44 Fabian Essays." It will be seen, therefore, that I have good warrant for my assumption that an excessive tux upon land values will result in tho dismissal of many persons from the employment of t lie landowners. Bernard Siuiw is surely a hotter authority upon democracy than a writer like 44 Outis." But where is the utility of wasting time over details when wc have the full scheme of the single taxers before us? That scheme is simplicity itself. Here it- is, as outlined by Henry George ut page 295 of 44 Progress and Poverty :" — 44 We must, make land common property." How that is to be achieved he tells us ou page 266, speaking of tlio landowners: — 44 Let them continue to call it their land. Let them buy and sell and bequeath and devise it. We may safely leave them the shell if wc take the kerne), it is not necessary to confiscate laud. It is only necessary to confiscate rent." That is the real meaning of the move for excessive land value taxation. It is the thin end of the wedge of Georgeism. But the single taxcrs are craftily cloaking their movements. Their cry is now, not 44 Sink the fiscal issue," but 44 .Sink Henry George" (for the present). He will not be sunk, however, for, like r.ho ghost, of Bunquo, lie will confront them at every turn, and be present at every meeting during the coming campaign. Jn conclusion, allow me to ask Mr. Wise this question without notice — if £1,500,000 will have to be made up in order to realise Cobden's ideas, and Id iu thu £ will only realise £700,000 (in round numbers), where is he going to raise the other £800,000 from? Will lie not be compelled to resort to at least, 2d in ihe £ '! — Yours, etc.. $. W. O'SULLIVAN. 