CHAPTER XXV,—Sunshine Before a Storit. “ llliam, dear, said Cholly next morn ing, as ho scanned and oritioisod himself be fore the mirror. “You woro right last night to put away the rum. Look not upon tho rum when it is roav. Now I hayo ju8t had my bath, and I fool as young and as lively us a kitten. Things, William, is going to go swimmiugly now. And just as this good ship Mountaiu Wave is going to carry us all safo and sound and easy into tho oity of tho Pacific Slope, so shall I, figuratively spoaking, bo borno along on that'Mountain Wnvo tho widow, und tho widow’s love, into tho haven of peace and matrimony and livo lmppy over afterwards on tho fruits of my labors and—tho widow’s joiuturo. “But, William,” ho added, “I have no notion of being made walk tho plank, thrown overboard, you know, by Mrs Colonel Koighly. And, thoreforo, my friond, I must tako tho precaution to chan go my ooat ber'oro I enter tho saloon another ovon “ Is sho thon,” said Frank, “ so vory par ticular as to dross?” “Dross, dear William; no, my boy, it isn’t dress that tho good dowager regards so muoh, but she oan’t a’bear the thoughts of any other lovely oheok but her own being pressed to this manly boHotn. ’Twas tho face powder that done it, William. “ ’Course, yon don’t understand, how could you? But, you see, there is littlo Rachel, sho that’s to bo thrown into tho scale as a sort of uu extra. Well, sho is a kind o’ pigmy and out-and-outar tho aweotost littlo parcel of goods evor l’vo handled. Now, llachol has innocent babyish littlo ways that tho dowager-duohosa mightn’t altogether relish, and whon talking to ino in tho dark she may sometimes lean her head for a moment — 0, only for a moraont, William — on my coat. And as likely as not I may—or—osculate, thac is, kiss hoc in a fathorly way. AVoll, William, that nose of tho dowagor’s is a right smart’un. No, it isn’t big, and it isn’t her strong point, but it’s active audit’s useful to its ownor ; only just let horhavo ono sniff o’ tho faco powdor on your alcove and she’ll tell in a moment who tho ownor of tho hoad is that was reclining thero last. Jealousy in a woman proves sho lovos you. Granted, William* But, nevertheless, if1 I you’ve got faco powdor on your slecvo of any particular brand, it's just as woll to ohango your coat a'forc yo goes in. “ And now for a trot on deck, William, before tho breakfast ia down. You won’t oomo. Ta ta, then.” Cholly nodded to himself again in tho glass, and ahowod a fine sot of permanent teeth ; then off ho went. Gholly foltfit, ns ho phrased it—“ fino and fit:* Ho bado tho stewards good morning as ho passed tho pantry. Ho mot Radmol coming j tripping down stairs, showing her pigmy foot and displaying a morsel of silk stocking, and, will it bo credited, ho caught hor-, butthoro, nobody saw it, so why should I go aud toll. Somewhat to his surprise, ho mot Tilda on dcok. Ho advancod smiling, and politely lifted his hat. “ A sweet surpriso, dour young lady,” he Cholly always tried to talk his best English to Tilda and her mother. “ But what,” ho addod, “ sent you aloft so early, birdio ?” Tilda laughed musically. “ O !” Bho said, “I can eoo you aro no sailor. Ladios don’t go aloft. Even American ladies would draw tho lino at such a display. That is aloft.” Sho pointed to the mizen-top. “ Well, my dear Tilda, yotir Chnlly asks forgiveness. Ho meant to say upstairs.” “No, no, that also is a’long-shore expres sion. Say, on dook, not upstairs.” “ Thon you must give mo lessons, Miss Brightoyes.” “ Put you up to tho ropes, you ought to say. No, no, Me Harrison, mother must do that.” “ Oh, you tantalising little puss. I'vo a good mind to propose to you and marry you riirhfc off tho reol.,, | “Oh, boliovo mo, Mr Harrison, tho pro i posing would be only a.very small part of it. But boro eoinos my mother. Go and eay | good morning, never mind me.” 1 ^Cholly did as ho was told. Mrs Colonol Kbit;hly stood at tho top of tho companion for a brief space to recover hor breath, and Cholly went to meet hor, singing low to him Ifer m:irc’i ix like a mountain wave, Her home is on tho deep. “Good morning, lady fair. It is to bo hoped that sweetest slumber visited your snowy pillow and olairnod you as its own. But I need not ask, you look as fresh as tho daisios on tho loa, ero tho morning sun bus kissed tho do w-drops from their crimson •'Do bo sensible, Mr Harrison. Men pcoplo so seldom aro. What a bright, beau tiful morning it is ! Oh, yonder is dear Tilda; wo must go to hor. Your arm, Mr Harrison.” Cholly gavo his arm as desired, and sho leant very heavily on it indebd. As neither of the two of them had acquired thoir spa loga, thoir march along iho Mountain Wave i served to impress thu lounging sailors moro with an extreme sense of tho ridiculous, than anything in tho way of admiration. “Jigger my eyes, Jim,” said one. “Yon’s a sight.” “Sho has all tho airy grace of Gruyero j Cheese,” said tho steward, who was boating I off a covered dish. " “ An’ all tho illiganeo av a barrel o’ ' buttermilk,” said Paddy O’Mulligau, who was coiling tho slack of a ropo. “Jim,” cried tho first sneaker. “Fly like a good ’un to the man of tho wheel, and bid him lull' a bit. Quick, for your life. Skip.” Jim skipped. Cholly and his protegee wero now right in tho centre of tho ivory-white quarter-deck, and tho ship was on a nice oven kool, and as ateady ub a coach. Cholly gained confidence and Btraiehtened himsolf up. He shifted his feet to got into step ns nimbly as if hu’d been a drill sergeant. Mrs Colonel Iveighly had ono foot elevated, that foot seemed to claw tho air for a moment, but it sought in vain for tho deck. Tho weather bulwarks rose high in air, a hugo wall of water towered, ourlin* skyward, to tholeesido; Mrs Colonel Keighly shriokod. Liko aome strong swimmer in liis agony. Cholly clutched wild at vacancy, and tho next momont these ardent lovers wore lying to- I gether in thosauppora—poor Cholly under- I ceftth, and a stream of foaming water, rapid bb a mill-raco, swept relentless oyer the un happy pair, drenching them most effectually from head to foot. Ton minutes afterwards both wero in hod in thoir respective cabins, and Cholly told Frank ho hud. never felt so oomplotoly flattened out sinco tho date of his birth. “ Broakfast, dear William,” ho added, “why it is out of the question, I have no plaoo to put it in. I’m ironed out, I toll you, as flat as a butterfly’s wing.5’ “ Do you think that a little Moot would holp to r os tore your rotundity't" “ Just tho thing. Tho gas will do it, you know. William, you’ro too good for this world ; there iB angel written up all over your benign visage. William, you nevor committed that murdor. Hanged if you-“ Frank’shand closed over his mouth, and he could Bay no more. “ William,” he said, when ho recovered his breath, “ I’m a fool, and I'm constantly putting my foot in my mouth. Bettor luck next—ah ! hero comes the Moot.” It took Mrs Colonel Koighly all tho fore noon to redress and got roady for luncheon. Undrossinc had been a terrible ordeal, for tho now patent corset that madame hud boon squeezed into that morning had nover beon built to stand immorsion in salt water. It uollapBod to a fearful oxtent, and tho lady was blaok in the face before Raohel and tho stewardess succeeded in oatting hor out of tho corset. There is no othor way of describing the procoss by which they managed at last to got her cloar. But she looked as radiant as ever, \vhon sho sailod in to luncheon, and was quite willing to chaff and bo chaffed about tho accident. Nobody know tho real truth about it, how over, though Captain Bonifaco strongly bus pooted tho man at tho wheel. It was evident to ovorybody, oven to the doctor himself, that after this advonturo Cholly and Mrs Colonel Iveighly became faster friends than over. Thfy were sel dom now, if ever, apart daring tho forenoon or evening. It is universally ad mitted by nil who have over sailod tho Boas that shipboard presents many facilities for ovo-making and flirtation, and without doubt tho dowager duchess made tho most of it. Sho it whs, indeed, who did most of tho courting, in her own sly and iuimitablo way, and seldom indeed did sho brook Cholly out of hor sight, oxcopt for that littlo hour after dinner. “ A man must have his smoko,” sho would say. “ Go and havo your pipe, Cholly; I don’t forbid tobacco.” “ It lms como to ‘ Cholly’ now, you know,” tho fond lover told Frank. “For a long time it was ‘ Mr Harrison.’ Things is gotting thicker, William. Tho mountain wave—I mean tho duohoas—ia kind o’ closing ovor my head, and iflhoro was a parson on board, bio wed if I don’t think sho’d marry mo straight away.” But thero was one thing that Frank could not help noticing, namely, that always after coming below from having his poat-praudiul pipe, Cholly went straight away to his cabin aud changed his eoat. Thero had been a pigmy head pillowed on hisbreust, and it had lain thoro much longer than, considering Cholly’s relations with tho Colonel’s widow, it hud any business to do. About this Frank considered it his duty to rally Mb cabin mato ono evening. “ Do you think you’ro behaving perfectly squaro to Mrs Colonol Keighly ?” “William,” said Cholly, turning a glauco of pity upon his companion, “William, it kind o’ surprises mo that you’ro not moro a man of tho world. Do you pretend to think for tho sixtioth part of a minute that tho mountain wave cares two pins for Cholly Harrison, apart, William, from tho vast riolieiin which he rolls and wallows? “ Do you think, dear William, that at this very moment niothor and daughter aren’t sitting- in thoir onbin plotting and planning how thoy can marry tho pair of us, while my darling pigmy, secure in tho undying affoc* tion or her loving Cholly, Blands drossing her lady’s hair and smiling innrdly. It’s all a game my William, dear. It’s all a gamo. Hut look you, dear hoy, as you have a soft heart, I thought I’d soften your path in life a little. Tilda is ono of tho daughters of tho oarth, hut she is fair to look ' upon. Now, X said nothing definite to her mother about you. But I did hint that you haven’t done &o; badly at the diggings.” “Well. Cholly, that’s a well-meant fib, for which I must forgivo you. But I have a love already, though she is, alas !—” “Of course; she must ho a lass,” said Cholly. “I’m not going tooncourago your levity. Cholly, by tho ghost of a smile. My love, I say, is far away.” "“Yes, beyond the seas, William, and you can’t stretch across, so you know you can’t do better thau just ho civil to Tilda. My eyeH i William, if I were only free, or rich, it's tho daughter and not tho mum I’d sidle flown closo to of an evening. Hanged if-** “ Stay, stay, stay. Now off to bed you go. No, novor another drop.” (TO BE CONTINUED.) 