! .THE BUCK LADY OF' DARMSTADT. AN HISTORICAL GHOST. -TTHE Courts .ef Germany, and Austria wk . boast of a host of legendary .lady spectres ' who, when woo ,is' to befall the princely house in question, make ! thoir appearance at. the.hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on duty, their appearance striking terror and dismay among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death ef the princely sufferer. We have, in the first instance, the " White Lady " of the old Palace at Berlin, who - was said to have made her last appear ance on the eve 'of the late Emperor Frede rick's death; and hoi' namesake, of the Vienna liofburg, who,' believers ' aver, haunted the palace during several nights at the very time when the "Missing Arcliduke" may have perished. But a number of minor German sohlosse — not te mention the palacoa at Prague and Buda-Pesth— alto boast a traditional lady spectre, either black or white, and in one or two instances red ; as, for.instan'ce, the " Nymphenburg-Fraii" at the palace of Munich, the discarded mis tress of K&rl; Theodore, Elector of' Bavaria, and murderess of her own child ; and the so-called " Black Lady " ef. the Court of Darmstadt. The "Black Lady of Darmstadt" was a lawfully born PrinccBS, and the wedded con sort of a reigning Prince, being Princess Marianne, tho wire of the Grand Duke Ferdi nand Maria. Sits always, .we are told, appears in deep mourning, and is reputed to bespeak woe to tho grand duonl house of Hssse in particular, hut also to tho allied Royal one of Bavaria. A Young and daring officer of the grena diers onoe prayed the Grand Duke Ludwlg I. to be permitted to stand sentry at the Court Chapel. " If it be no true ghost," he remarked, "I will cure the individual of the desire to hxuut." The prayer was granted, -.with the request that, if the spectre refused to stand when challenged, the officer was to fire upon it. The Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a view could bo obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghastly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime died away before aloud "Halt!" rang out upon the still night,' followed instantly by the report of a gun. The Grand Duke and his attendants hurried from their hiding place in tho courtyard, where they found the bold soldier stiff and dead. He had not a single outward sign of injury, but the barrel of the gun by his side was rent from the stock, and the former twisted like a corksorew. Singular to relate, within three days Ludwig I. himself lay a corpse in the Ducal Hall. About the year 1850 Queen ThereBe of Bavaria died most suddenly, and even in the highest cirolos mention was shudder- ingly made of the spectre that made its-, appearance just before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was spending the summer in the company of. Queen Therese, at his castle of Archufl'on- bcrg, whither also their Majesties' son-in- law, Grand Dulcs Ludwig III., of Hesse-' Darmstadt, had been invited, when one evening at dusk, just as the princely company were taking tea in the gayest of. spirits, there suddenly appeared— so thoso present aver— behind the chair of the Queen a Indy in deep mourning, who, having fixed her glassy eyes upon her majesty, retired through the ante- chamber. The GrandDuke immediately hastened after tho mysterious Visitor, and in an angry voice demanded of the officer on duty by ..the door how he dared to permit strangers to enter mnannounced and at that heur. The latter declared that ne living human being bad entered, - either the ante-oliamber .or the royal saloon. Horror stricken, the Duke, returned to the company, when he was com-' polled, much against his wish, to relate tho story. Having heard it, Queen Therese rose, hastily from the ehair and exclaimed,. : " That is intended for me I " The royal party returned shortly after to tho capital, where tiro cholera had raged during the ; summer, but bad then disappeared. In a few .days tiro unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. L Again, in the early days of March, 1861, the " Black Lady" figured in a mysterious occurrence at tho palace of Darmstadt, I which, through subsequent events, created -an immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, at the hour- of midnight, commenced his nightly round ol iiiapautiun of she sentries, when suddenly, in .-one of the corridors, he beheld a lady dressed in black coming from the apartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady of tho court. He saw her distinctly go past tho- grand staircase, at night the only exit to tiro chapel courtyard. Believing that she was makingu mistake, the officercalledtoher that she could only get out that way te reach her carriage. But without paying the slightest head the lady continued her way toward the chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened- after her, but she disappeared in the gloom. Then, in the belief that it might be some ono with felonious intent, he shouted to tho sentry on guard at the bottom of the stairs, " Arrest her !" — himself descending quiokly. But there was nobody, and the man emphatically declared that' no one had passed him. Two days later the - nows spread like wildfire throughout Germany that Kiug Maximilian II. of Bavaria had suddenly beeu taken dangerously ill. He had returned in exoellenb health from his usual ride, and was just dressing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hotirs he was dead. HOW GOLD WAS DISCOVERED IN AUSTRALIA. \- No one suspected that Australia was rioh 'in gold until after the preoious metal had been found in CaRfornia. ' Among the thousands who flocked to the Pacifio- coast from all parts of the world in search of fortune and adventure was Edward Har- graves. His home , was in the distriot ef Conobolss, about thirty miles west of Bnthurse, -Australia. Ho had only moderate success in California ' and determined to return home. In the course of his mining operations he had noticed a strong oimilarity botween the rock formations of the gold districts west of ,the Rocky Mountains and those of the neighbourhood in which he had beon brought up. It occurred to him that the precious motel might be found in Australia, and as scon, as ho reached home he began a careful investigation . of the soil , in tiro vicinity of Coiiobolas. Tile experience he had gained in California proved ef great value to him, and after digging for a month or two lie discovered a quantity of gold. This was in 1881.' The Colonial Govern ment gave' him a reward and made him .Commissioner to tbq Crown lands. When the nows of his . good .fortune becamejre'noraUy known, the .whole of New South Wales was in a. ferment of excitement. Everybody .fought., foti , gold, The fever spread to othpr provinces and gold was dis covered in many localities. A native in the service of, Dr. Korr.ef Waliawa while toud-. ing sheep found a mass of' -solid gold in s\ heap of quartz. Three blooks of quartz takon from a creek fifty miles north of Bnthurs'j contained £4,000 worth of gold. Among the big lumps of pure gold found wore the " Viotoria nugget," weighing 340 eunnea, and the " Welcome nugget, " weigh ing 202 ounces. . Another solid piece of virgin gold weighed 100- pounds. The abundence Of the raetul may bo realised when it is said that in Novoinber, 1830, the ships James Bnines and Lightning alone brought to England from Molbourno £1,209,000 worth. " If it wasn't for whiskey," remarked the Wrki JJS would not bo bnro In the jvg.'f , 