WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? Mrs F. H. Jennings lives at No 211, Main Street. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an. old one, but in (food order. One night early in DacPtnber (1891) the two women locked all the doors and w.-nt to tbo theatre, Jeavinsf not a soul in tbe house. Tht\y loft -.h-? gtis burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven thi'v lV'turuod. and ttufcariid t.Vin Vin-nao laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour tho merry humour died out of tlii:m in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirk sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came ia five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw P ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend,'! had slept badly for Beveral successive nights. On the fourth of these night i about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of tha bid stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, a3 she was leaving home to go on m. journey, on which j -urnf-y she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and faintp.d. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old wom?n gossips said it 'was a summons and I woild never get w»U. Yp-. I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to tbe tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs .lane Foster, of Darracofct Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows : — ' I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bf-ar anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June J889. T slept very badly, and hi .'.he morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head aud over my eyes, and I was sick most of the tinip. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomanh and bowel i felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in red. The doctor said he didn't know whab my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that ou ray stomach. By this time I was nothing but *kin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I tViot7ght I should lose ray senses, aid my fiieuds agreed that I would never ee*. botter. ' I had given no all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Sei gel's Curative Syrup. As she sarmed ti have so much faith in fShis medicine, I tried it, and in throe days I was able to walk across the room, and by th' end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as woll as ever. I can eat and! digest my food, and all my nervon3nesa has left me.' The malady Mrs Foster suffered from wai ind'gpptinn and dyspepsia and nervous prw ration. The original cause was grief and shook at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when tun Syrup h^d given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed aud toued the . nerves. Whatpvpr may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it rpinainR true that most uncanny visions^ and rounds mean nothing more or le=s than a sot of nerves all upser, by insertion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from tho inside of the person who sees them, and /wIipti Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work tho oyp.s and ears eutortain only what is natural and wholesome. Prpsident Moore's and Speaker Brown's salaries have beon reduc2d by i*100 each by the Assembly. ? The art of scolding with agreeabiliby, grace, and effect is held in able possession by the feminine few. The heavy work of the present session of the British Parliament is Mlirsg sevorely on the health of many M.'sP.' A labour member declared recently that when he worked with his hands for his daily bread he never knew what illness was, but fhat his Parliamentary duties were playine ducks and drakes with his constitution. If this is the experience of a robust legisla tor, the tortures endured by the weaklings must be trying in. the extreme. 