OUR NOVELIST FOUND GUILTY. ?9 By Mrs. Harriet Lewis, Author of' The Double Life,' 'Lord Darkwood's Grime,' &c.; CHAPTER LIX. OVER THE BLUPP. The night, as we have said, was gloomy, A few pale stars gleamed in the dusky sky, bat there was no moon. The wind blew damp and fresh from the sea. The waves surged angrily against the base of the tall bluff, and made a sullen roar. as of some wild and raging monster. The castle lights were mostly extin guished, and Alex, confident that her movements had not been observed by her enemy, paced the upper terrace, keeping a vigilant look-out for the expected approach of her father. Surely he would come to her to night ? Believing that the supposed ghost was he, for she had also heard of the 'apparition,' she was. sure that he was in hiding in the vicinity of the castle, and that he was anxious to communicate with her. ' The night he was seen by the footman upon the terrace I was in London !' she said to herself, as she slowly walked in the deeper shadow of the marble balustrade. ' He came to meet me, and I was not here. What can he think? Oh, if he would come now !' She looked up at the castle win dows. A light gleamed from Mrs. Ingestre's chamber. The other rooms were in darkness. The lower portion of the vast pile of buildings seemed closed for the night. But Alex knew that the butler had not made his final rounds, to close and bar the doors, and that he would not do so for half an hour. By that time she hoped to have had an interview with her father, and to be safely under shelter again, without having at tracted attention. A Blight noise upon the terrace and near at hand suddenly startled her. She halted And looked around, half in the expectation of beholding Mr. Strange, but in tho gloom no one was visible, even to her keen eyes. She could not see the figure cronching in the denser shadow of a high statue near the balustrade — a figure with glittering eyes and livid visage— the figure of Pierre Renard. She moved backward and forward, silent and alert, a Blender, black-robed shape, with a lovely young face gleaming from out the shadow of her waterproof hood, startled at every gust of wind, so vigilant that her enemy dared not creep upon her, knowing that he could not gain her side unobserved by her. The minutes passed, and the half hour Alex had allotted to her vigil was near its end. She be^an to fear that she would be locked out of the castle, in which case what could she do? 'I must go in,' she thought, anxiously. 'I -will return to my room, wait till the butler has retired, and then come out again secretly, leaving the door unfastened behind me. 1 would have done sn, without this preliminary walk, only I was so sore that papa would comprehend my difficulties and come early.' No sound of closing came from the castle. A few minntes certainly re mained to her. She walked to the \- extreme end of the terrace, and to the very verge of the beetling bluff, at the foot of which the sea raged in its wild, white fury. The sea was very far below her. The grand, towering old castle, throned upon the bluff and coming to its very verge, cast a deeper gloom upon the spot where sue stood. This, of all places, Beemed beBt fitted for a secret interview. Alex bent over the edge of the precipice, half expecting to see her father climbing up by the steps cut in the rock. So wrapt was she in her watch that she was not conscious of evil ap proach. Pierre Renard had crept from his concealment, and was steal ing along in the shelter of the marble balustrade, softly, silently, with hushed breathing, and gleaming, murderous eyes. He crept up behind her unseen, un suspected. Now at last was his op portunity. Some chance or subtle instinct made the girl start suddenly, as if to draw back from her danger ous position. Too late! Pierre Renard's hands siezed her in a fierce, wild grip. He gave her a sudden impulse forward, and she went whirl ing into the darkness, her wild shriek cutting the air, and rising above the roar of the sea. Renard stood for one moment motionless, panic-striken, fearing lest that agonized outcry had penetrated the castle walls : but no one appeared at doors or windows, and he drew a long breath. Then he peered over the precipice into the seething abyss far below. No sign of the young girl was anywhere to be seen. ' She is dead !' he muttered, with a savage joy and exultation. ' She'll be found in the morning, hundreds of feet below there, mangled and shapeless, and people will wonder at the accident. No one can suspect me of her murder. I have not been seen to leave the house. I would descend and look upon her dead body, only I must hasten to my room. If foul play is suspected I must be able to prove an alibi !' With a last, long, peering look into the black abyss he hurried swiftly to the castle, making his way to a side door opening upon the upper terrace. The door was not yot locked. He ef fected his entrance and hastened to his own room, meeting no one in the halls or corridors. His evil star was still in the ascendency. He gained his door unjjerceived. And just in time, for he had scarce ly vanished from the lower floor when the butler made his final rounds for the night, and closed, and barred, and bolted every outer door. Pierre Renard opened the door of his private chamber softly, his visage wild and disordered, and full of his savage exultation. His eyes wore gleaming still. His complexion was livid and ghastly. The spirit of murder still looked out from every sinister feature. He entered his room and closed the door. His wax candles were burning mellowly : his fire was all ablaze. The sudden light blinded him for an instant. As his vision began to clear, he flung himself into a chair, and laughed a strange, low, mocking laugh, such as a demon might have uttered. A man started up on the hearth — he was John WilsoR, the new fire man. The sudden apparition deprived the valet momentarily of his self possession. He had believed himself alone. He stared at the new servant with glaring eyes. ' Beg pardon, sir,' said Wilson, glibly. ' I was mending the fire, sir, for the night!' He did not deem it necessary to confide to the valet that he had spent the evening in an examination of Mr. Pierre Renard's effects, and that he had minutely examined every item of that individual's possessions then at the castle. 'You here!' he gasped, finding his voice. ' Curse you for startling me, you miserable sneak ! What are you doing in my room at this hour ?' And he regarded the man suspici ously. 'Only mending the fire, sir,' quavered John Wilson, who seemed almost terrified at Renard's wrath. 'Mr. Puffetgave me orders, sir, as the French gentleman was to have his fire kep' up ? ' ' It's all right, then,' said Reuard, somewhat mollified. ' Get out !' Wilson bowed humbly, and took up his hearthbrush and coal bucket and departed. 'Curse the sneak!' muttered Renard, getting up to look at his reflection in the mirror. Do my looks betray me P Tf the fellow were not a perfect dolt, he would have suspected that I had been up to mischief !' The fellow, not being a, perfect dolt, did suspect thai h& bad ' been up to mischief/' and keenly regretted that he had employed his evening in searching Renard's effects instead of watching their owner. Yet bis evening bad not been lost. He had examined Pierre Benard's bank book, and discovered that the valet had a small fortune placed to his credit at a private City bank in London — a fortune quite beyond Renard's possibilities of honest ac cumulation in his duties as valet. He had also discovered that Renard's store of Jewels must have cost many times his probable salary during the past eighteen years. Some of these jewels, he believed, were sufficiently important to have a separate history of their own, and their size, beauty, and lustre would have made them worthy of a promin ent position in the royal crown of England. He had discovered, in short, that Pierre Renard was as extravagant and lordly in his tastes aa his master ; that his annual expenditures, judging from his great Variety of costly clothing, his receipts from tradesmen, of which there were several packets, and other indications, were equal to those of the son and heir of a wealthy house. The money so lavishly spent conld not be honestly obtained in the dis cbarge of his duties as valet, Wilson knew; but there were no tell-tale letters to convict him of the long-ago morderof the Marquis of Mountheron; no positive proof against him of that revolting crime except the possession of the diamonds, which might be proved to have belonged to his murdered master. Yet Wilson, shrewd detective as he was, considered the case against Pierre Renard very strong indeed. As he went along the dim halls, however, be was haunted by the remembrance of the valet's counte nance on entering his chamber, and his mocking, sinister laugh, and he felt that he might better have deferred his searoli and kept his eyes upon Renard. The valet, in the conviction that he had removed Alex from his path for ever, and that the snaro lie had laid for her father would result in entrapping the latter, presently resolved to go forth again and watch against the appearance of Alex's father, who, he was persuaded, since the story of the ghost, was lurking about the castle. ' The girl was out watching for him, expecting to see him,' he thought, 'He will be sure to come to-night. I will go down and lie in wait for him. Jean should be in wait to- night too. As he came up from town with me and agreed to remain at the village in the davtime in the character of a traveller, and to prowl about the castle, within reach of my summons, at night, he must be in the parlt, or on one of the terraces, at this moment. With his aid, I shall easily capture my game !' Renard quietly put hia resolve into execution, leaving his room as silently as possible, and descending the stairs to a lower corridor. He found the halls dark, but groped his way to a side door, which he unbolted and un barred, and softly opened. No one appeared to have heard his movements. He believed that every inmate of the castle had retired. Yet a minute or two after he had closed the garden door, it opened again and Wilson stole oat upon his track. The detective was determined not to lose sight of the valet again, and had waited in the dark hall to become perfectly sure that he would not leave his room that night When Renard stole forth, therefore, he knew that more mystery was afoot, and stole after him. By keeping in the shadow of the castle, he managed to fnlfil his mission and to remain unobserved. Scarcely an hour had passed since Renard bad wreaked his haired upon the young girl who was to him an incarnate Nemesis. The night was still dark end gloomy. He walked again to the edge , of the bluff and peered over into the abyss, and exulted in the fact that no human sigh or moan came up from its black depths. ' She is dead!' he said to himself again and again. 'She is dead! Aqtd now for her father!' But Alex was not dead. The same Providence that had watched over her through go many perifo, and had preserved her from the snares of her enemy, had not deserted hernow. When Bhe went whirling over the edge of the precipice she did not fall -. hundreds of feet upon the jagged rocks, and into the seething sea, its - her enemy imagined. About a dozen feet below the top of the Tbluff ', pro jected a narrow ledge of rock, upon wluoh a scrubby bush or two bad managed to find a scanty soil for a foothold. Alex fell crashing uppn this narrow projection, and .1oi$gH^ii the scrubby bushes, bruiseel, feel$$MPi insensible. When her enemy had hurried away she had not been conscious of his retreat. In the deep gloom she lay where she had fallen, a dusky, shape less mass, half hidden in the dwarfed shrubbery, and seeming, indeed, dead. Her wild shriek of mortal terror had reached ears other than those of Pierre Renard. Ber father had been prowling for some minutes about the grounds, waiting anxiously for her appearance. He had come near the edge of the bluff, silently as a shadow, and had witnessed the attempted murder. For one moment he had stood spell bound by a horrible fascination, com prehending in dread and awful flash that it was his Alex who was the victim, and that it must be Pierre Renard who sought her life. (To be continued.) 