QUIPS AND CRANKS. BY L'ALLEGRO. The weather and the Legislature are the chief topics of blasphemy this week. The farmer reminds me of the anecdote of the Yankee in England, who, when asked by someone what he thought of the climate of the right little tight little island, replied : " Stranger, your climate ain't much, but you use np a badea of a lo« of weather in twelve months." Climatic changes invariably pro- duce a very large crop of augurs (always bores) and prophets utterly devoid of honour either in their own country or anywhere else. I do not refer to Mr. Wragge, who is now on tap here and apparently controls the meteorological destinies of the suffering mil- lions of Australia, but to the oldest resident, who invariably has rheumatis and corns and bunions, and meaaures all things meteorological by his numerous aches and pains. The rains bring out the prophets like mushrooms in Spring, and my only regret is that they are not an edible fungi like produce of the paddocks. If anything could indue cannibalism in one so guüeleas as myself it would not be a fat bishop or a succulent canon but the " oldest resident." I once had the felicity of making a voyage with the captain of a windjammer who had eaten human flesh on three different occasions. He bore out the Port Darwin natives' assertions that Chinamen " all same pork " and stated that when it came to a steak of, genus homo or a pork chop he had " no choice." He never tackled the " oldest resi- dent," his selection generally being confined to a foreigner of some description, naturally the leader of the opposition, always emaciated and averse to being offered up as a sacifice. When serious natural phenomena ooour, such as droughts and floods, the ingenuous appeal to the oldest resident to ascertain whether anything like it has happened before or is likely to happen again. It is but cold and skinny comfort one gets. About 400 years before the Christian era set in and made up its mind to stay the oldest resident recollects that it commenced to rain on a cer- tain day and never let up for two years, that his wife fell down and broke her neck (wise woman) that the moon was green, that Bill Jeuken'e red spotted cow had a double headed calf, that Smith's bay mare cast a shoe, and that — and that — and so and so occurred, and that his corns, warts and bunions, and general signs and feelings of an approaching dissolution, which, alas ! never takes place, all inform him that the present season is likely to be a repetition of the one which occurred somewhere prior to the conquest of Great Britain by Julius Ceasar. * * * * * Yesterday I overheard two of the very oldest residents discussing the present deluge. They compared notes and corns, and gave it out that as it was raining when the new moon made its appearance, it will rain for not less than 200 years now, without any let or hindrance, and that if Noah, on the Ulidia, don't put in an appearance soon, we shall all be in a bad way. That the moon has on influence on the weather than it has on the keeping qualities of Gorgonzola cheese, to which , by the by, it is supposed to be closely related, did not make the slightest difference to these old cronies. They drivelled on in blissful ignorance of all that was scientific, and what their corns or their rheumatics didn't specify, they were not going to contract, for the oldest resident is invariably a model of truth and exactitude. The mantle of Washington has fallen on them all. I feel compelled by the exigencies of the oircum stanoes to hang down the banje and sing When planets in collision come Some world is certain to go bang, When Ananias and Sapphira, Together twanged their tuneful ly-re, A sternly conscientious fate Stiffened them quick, But, alas ! too late to arrest the force of bad example, For still we have the modern sample. At turn of moon the residents old Meet and foretell of floods untold, O ! let us pray with all our might They may come and sweep them out of sight, And thus repeat the " nasty jar " Which " settled the hash " of Sapphire, And with one fell swoop, Landed Saph. and her mate "in the soup.* * * * * * Not the least important of recent events baa been the re introduction upon the local stage of " the parti-coloured dress oí patched and piebald languages" known as Parlia- ment. The Governor made a most delightful speech whioh bas been variously described as a '"masterpiece of statesmanship," what* ever that may mean, and a " string of State faeta," whatever it may mean. I don't pretend to decide whioh is correet, but I don't see why the speech should have been so long. It took np a lot of time that might otherwise have been devoted to drinking to the lustre shed upon the Upper House by the dignity conferred en its President, and to , giving; the ladies a chance to show off their clothes. If His Excellency had stepped up and said]:-" Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legislative Assembly, ' We've met here ez nsa'le to decide Whioh is the Lord's and which is Satan's side,' and I hope you will give the Lord a fair share ( and the devil his due," it would have been quite enough, and it would not have given the Opposition the ghost of a show to say nasty things. They would then have had to fall back upon their own ideas. * * * * * Perhaps the greatest event of the week has been the stoppage of the cablegrams. It must be very gratifying to the proprietors of the WEST AUSTRALIAN to find that these costíy items of news are so widely appre- ciated, and I, for one, am delighted to see that we are not to be deprived of them any longer. I take a deathly interest m the affairs of the outer world, in fact ia every- one's busiaeas exoept my own. I always have had.an.idea that I could manage someone else's business mnch better than he oonld, and I find I am not at all singular in this idea. I heard one man say that if L'ALLEGEO would write a column every day for the WBST AUSTBALIAN, he would not care a water retaining wall*if he never heard any news from the rest of the world again. I appreciate the oompliment, and my only regret is that the gentleman m question is not one of the proprietors of the WBST AUS TBAliiAN. I heard that one or two people were inclined to stop the'r papers and thereby wreck the " only morning " and otherwise close np the new premises in St. George's '"Terrace. This would bave been nothing short of a national calamity, and the one or two are to be applauded for not putting their tremendons threat of extinction and total annihilation into effect. When- ever I hear of an irate subscriber-and irate subscribers never pay in advance-who says he is going to stop his paper and gener- ally bust up the show, I always think of that story about Horace Greely. Horace had been ripping out in the Tribune on some particular fad and set a few folks on the warpath against him. One morning an irate subscriber net less than two years in arrears met Horace down town and bailed him up. " Look here, Horace," he said, " I not going to stand this blank blankety blank nonsense of /yours any more. I'm full up of it and I stopped the Tribune this morning." " Ghenhit aker !" said Horace, in dismay, " stopped the Tribute, why man, I'll be ruined. Jump inte a cab and we'll go up to the office and see if we cannot arrange matters." In the two bundled and when they got to the office the machine' was going like wild cats, reeling off the 43rd edition for that day. Horace turned to his companion, saying, " Why.Ithonghtyeu said you'd stopped the Tribune, but it seems to be going yet." "So I did, blank you, Horace, but it was my blankety blank copy I stopped." " Oh !" replied Horace " ÍB thac all P That won't stop the greatest daily ou e\rth from coming oar as per usual." * * * * * I am very superstitious, and nothing on earth would induce oe me to get out of bed in the morning on the off side, or walk under a ladder, or spill salt, or not turn my money when I see a new moon for the first time. If I hold any strange com- bination at cards I am always nervous for weeks after. Four aces at a little game of draw will fill me chook full of anxiety, es- pecially if some other fellow hold* a btraight flush. I don't banker much after the three little thimblee and one little pea man, but the fortune teller just spills over with fasci- nation for me. They are all howling, dismal frauds, but that does not make any differ- ence to the superstitious. Their vaticina- tions, like those of the leader ef the Oppo- sition in the Lower House, never come true, but that does not prevent the mentally weak still believing that they will tara up trumps some of these days, before Father Time tarns his scythe into a ploughshare, and empties the contents ef his hour-glass out over the natu- ral sands of Western Australia. I ass con- tinually harrassed and oppressed by a scheme I have on hand. I feel in my more sober moments it is utterly Quixotic, and I hardly like to mention it. How I can get my over- draft out of one of the reconstructed banks, is what is worrying me. I have an idea of murdering the cahier and holding a post- mortem to see if he has it about his person. The other night I consulted a clairvoyant to ascertain if she could tell me the exact lo- cation of the overdraft and the probable result of several other little specs I am is. I made every effort to dissemble and get within the sacred edifice unknown to anyone but myself. In this I was not successful, the whole neighbourhood seemed to be taking the air on that particular occasion. Once inside I felt relieved — in more senses than one. The lady was neither truthful nor complimentary. She told me I had lots of money, but was of a very sickly constitution and was not likely to live more than a cen- tury or so longer. As a matter of fact if my credit was as good as my constitution I should be fabulously wealthy individual. The lady further volunteered the statement which I consider quite supererogatory-that I am very fond of speculation, bus as a specu list I shall never be a success, as I am chick- en-hearted in my knees, and generally shrivel up like a balloon pricked with a cannon-ball when I ought te going in beana. Exactly where the overdraft is located the lady did not condescend to mention. My personal ap- pearance seemed to worry her more than any- thing else. She admitted on being subjected to a close cross-questioning that I was ugly enough to stop a bullock team, but for all that she didn't think I should live long. This is very disheartening, and it applies to so many people. That is the saddest part of it. * * * * * A dealer in real estate, who is also well known for holding a full hand in the Sunday sohool, was, the other day, trying to unload a city allotment on to a lady, who wanted to buy a suburban lot. "But, my dear madam," he urged, "a woman is practically forbidden by the Scrip- tures from owning suburban property." " I don't see what the S -ripture« have t3 do with it," she protested. "That's because you are net conversant with them," he paid. " Deu't you kaow of the¡ lady who had a Lot ia Sjdora, and as soon as she went into the suburbs was changed into a pillar of salt ?" * * * * * A female in a great state of agitation rushed into one of the Perth saloon bars the other day, and all out of breath, asked : " My husband been here — short, fat, red-faced man, and breathes like a steam-engine ?" Barman : " A man answering that descrip- tion was in here a few minutes ago and swallowed a tumbler of gin." "That's Jim — that's Jim !" said the woman. " He paid for it, and went out," continued the barman. "That ain't Jim," said the woman, as she shot herself out and went to gun round the next dispensary. 