THROUGH GOLDEN FlRE. By HENRY HERMAN, Author of "His Anciel," "Eaolk Joe," and Joint Author of "The Silver TCing," "Olaudian,"&o.; Chapter XXI. Tho Sheffield coaoli for Baslow was rattling along, tho Abbeydale-road. It was a bright spring morning. Rays of sunlight dripped through tho mass of laroli and beooli whioh bordered tho road and fleoked the ground with patches of gold. High up in tho boughs the spring songstera ohirped blithely, and by the side of tho stone fenoos the first daisies already peeped shyly from the sward. It was fresh, however, and an invigorating breeze racod townward from tho moorlands boyond, darting and rippling above tho facos of the passongers who were porchcd high up on tho coaah. Away through Abboydnlo and on, uphill to Totloy, and on again along the sloping road towards tho Peaoook. Tho horses neighed and the brass clappers oliinkcd, keeping timo with the slowing paoe as tho horses dragged tho heavy veiiiclo upwards. Away, slowly, until the vogotation became sparser and tho trees fewer, and the knolls of woodland gave way to the blue heather and yellow gorse, and a mine shaft or two stood out solitarily against the surrounding grton Bward. On one sido of the road tho hills had lost thoir dots of fir and larch and oak. Tho top line was clean and straight, barely a greon spot breaking its ovenness. On again, until the ooaoh roaohed the old Peacock Inn, whioh was built about a hundred years ago, when highwaymon demanded their toll and exaoted shelter from innkeepors in lonely pla'oes. The heavy old wooden door, iron studded and iron barred, stiu spoke eloquently of tlioso troublous times. Tho coaoh had palled up In front of tho inn and the horsea were being watered. There were few passengere, for it was early In tho season, and the tonrista who had vlBitod Bas low and the neighboring famous seat of tho Duke of Devonshire were still very few. One man was sitting by tho Bide of the coaoh- man on the box seat, our friend, Mr. "Cocky Bob." He had gone to the Star, and there had been told that Captain Risohnugb was staying with Mr. Edmund Layne at the Manor of Bas low. He had left Ada— or, as Bho was now called, Mrs. Mutloy Cavendish— at the Dog and Buck.. Ada had insisted, had beggod, had pleaded, had cried, and had threatened, but Mr. "Cooky Boh" had remained firm. "No, my dear," he had said, " this iB my hash, and I'm going to stir it up my own way, and no derned woman to put hor fingor into it." Mr. " Cooky Bob " had acquired a smattering of Amcrioan oaths of whioh he was fond and proud, and took good oaro to exhibit them from timo to time. The reador may havo wondered nt how Mr. " Cooky Bob " and Ada came to Shoffiold, and why. It happened in this wise. Aftor Mr. "Cocky Bob's" expulsion from Honorin and Mrs- Abel Roxhead's flight with him, tho pair had proceeded to Chioago, and took up their qnartero at a boarding houao there. Mr. " Cocky Bob," whether he liked it or not, had to provide a now outfit for his companion, who now passed as Ills wife; and if the young woman had one speoial quality it was the one of know ing how to dress herself. Ada was well, awaro that Mr. " Cocky Bob " bad an inoome. He had informed her of this fact when they were still at New York, and Ada; in her mercenary little mind, had often been occupied with tho question whether ib would be better to remain with Abol, whoso prospoots wore good, but whoso present income was small, or to clone with Mr. Mutloy Cavendish, whoso revonuo, from some source or other, seemed to ho mueh larger than that of her hnsband. Sho had never troubled herself to inquire- whenco this income was derived, bat when thoir connection had become more inti mate sho found out during one of Mr. "Cooky Bob's " Bpirts of semi-intoxication that tho money be reoeived oamo from Sheffield. Tho name of the old HallamBhire town had a magic spell upon her, and she immediately pressed her inquiries, and disoovored that the income was sent - periodically by Captain Risehaugh, and that Captain Risehaugh was in some way or other oonncoted with Mr. Edmund Layne. This spurred her to further investigation, and by dint of wheedling, of crosB questioning, of random guesses and other feminine subterfuges she dis covered siiffioicnt to assure her that it had some thing to do with Mr. Geoffrey Layne's death. This roused tho savagery and brutality whioh olivoys lay dormant within hor. Sho was still smarting under tho wrong which sho fancied had been Infiioted upon, hor bv Rioliard Roxhoad, amlthodonth of Mr. Geoff rey Layno had do- privedhcrof the GOrtaiuty of. ai'r easy fortune. She continued her hints aud lier qubationa, and soon learned tlia't"I\ti:. Mutloy CaVehdiBh's in oome was exactly , fourThundred 'pounds per annum, and that, ho hact-J: rived ; (h Amoi-ioa witii a capital of two 'hundred"p.ounds;in, cash, all of which had nearly . .disftPPe'td.f-Bho also learned that this mohe/ .was. paid W. Cdptain Risehaugh on account of:a -"hohl7wfilch Mr. " Cooky Bob " had ovor ' hicqj ;'nnfijmat this "hold" was in connootlon with 5 criminal charge whioh oould be brought against Mr. Edmund Layne's mnnager. It did not take her long to put two and two togothor, and to settle in her own mind that Captain Risohaugh, if ho wore under " Cooky Bob's" thumb, aB that gen tleman called it, oould be made to disgorgo a far larger annual sum than four hundred potinds. Mr. "Cooky Bob's " tastes and habits, though the reverse of gontool and nioo, wore simple and frugal. Costly viands ho did not oare for. Ho geuorally boasted of one suit of olothes ,on and another off, and would have looked upon a moro extensive wardrobo as an enoumbrnnoe. His only extravagance was whisky, mostly vile whisky, but plouty of whisky. A large quantity of whisky oan bo bought for £400 per year, and Mr. ." Cooky Bob," whilo ho had to provide only for himsolf, was porfeotly happy ana contented as a king, with the Inoome doled out to him quarterly and in advanoo by Captain Rise haugh. But It beoamo a different mattor whon Ada joined him. The young lady's tastos were variod and extensive in all thoir variotics. Sho waa a young person who would not nt all lravo been .natonishod to find horoaolf possessed of £40,000 a year, and who would ; havo deliber ately gone to work to spend It all' and be in dobt at ' the ond of tho year," It did not take Ada long to Impress upon Mr. " Cooky Bob tho advisability of going. to Shoffiold find inBiafca ing opon on ihoreose of inoome. A quarter o in- stalment had just reaohed them and they set off for Europe. , , Thus it oamo that Diok saw tlio pair In Shoffleld,' and tliuB wo find Mr. " Cooky Bob " journeying towards tho Manor of Baslow on this spring morning. „ , ,, The horses. had boon watered, and, starting with a fresh spirt, wore going at a rare pace down the hill nt Owlor'a Bar and tip towards the moorland. Mr. " Cooky Bob " looked about lilm and thought it was a lonoly road. No sign of a liouso for milos boyond the old inn at their books, Long, rolling, Ttlly, prairie land, in the 9 far distance, covered with wood, and near by moro Bparsoly olothod. Indeed, just aoross the stono fenoo it looked as if some whirlwind had gathored up a score or so of trees from their first hod and had carried them along and dropped ono or two hero and there coross the miles of greenland. On tho right not a sign of a tree, nothing but grey blue boulders and violet heather, and yollow gorse in patches among tho greon. And as thoy rattled along oven theso signs of vogotation bccamo more stunted, tho rooks more unclothed. On, past a little stream racing over its bed of boulders. Just aoross a littlo bridge Bar Brook Mill stood square and grey, with its roof partly opon to tho hoavons, and tho ruined maohinery still visiblo through the semi-gloom of tho opon door. On, past a littlo stream racing ovor its bed of down dale again, through moorland and undcr- noath rook, without a sign of a human habita tion meeting the oyo anywhere. Then, again, a tree stood out hero and there, and houses edged the horizon line. J ust at tho edgo of tho moorland tho manor house stood, a hundred yards or so back from tho road. During his rido Mr. "Cocky Bob" had pliod the driver with persistent questioning nbont this building and that, and about this stream and that, and about tho name of this place and that ; but tho sturdy old Yorkshire- man who held tho reins had takon very small liking to this ohattorsomo passcngor, and answered his interrogations but briefly and surlily, contrary to his usual habit. Then tho ooaoh stopped at the gate of tho manor. Mr. " Cooky Bob " doBCendod. He was impressed with the solemn grandeur of tho old wrought iron gate, with its solid scroll work, and the huge escutohcon of knighted former owners above the oentre of tho aroh. On the othor side of the wall the gatekeeper's lodge peeped out underneath a veil of ivy, baoked by the deep groan of mighty evergreen oaks forming tho avenue whioh lod to the house itself. Tho gatekeeper was evidently ahsont from his dutieB, and Mr. " Cooky Bob " stole along the broad gravelled road, when he came aorosB a gentleman who was seated on a rustic bcuoh by tho side of the walk. He was an olderly gentle man, lean and wrinkled, with a forlorn look upon his withored face, and his great blackbird like eyes shining with a siokly lustre, Tho thin anil nearly grey lips were babbling silently, and the lean hands, upon which tho veins stood oat blue, like marks of rivers upon a map, wore tapping the seat oh either side of him. The gentleman looked silently at " Cooky Bob " as be slowly strolled by, and then, as - Mr. Bob stopped, hardly knowing whether to dare to question the gentleman about Captain Risehaugh or not, the gentleman rose and said, in a shrill and foroed pipe: : "Do you wish to seo me? Do yon want Mr. Edmund Layne?" "No, sir," replied "Cocky Bob," nervously, " no, sir; thank yon very muoh' sir. I — I'd lika to speak to Captain Risehaugh, if I may." . The appoarance of tho gentleman frightoned him. The name of Edmund Layne, alone, had terrors of its own for liim,-batthelookof the man, liko a ghost from a Chamber of horrors strayed out into the world of spring, produoed a ohill and oreepy feeling upon him. He had novor bo- foro seon such shiny, protruding oyos in a human creature's head. Ho had never before that morning soon a man so withered, so wrinklod; so grey white, with lips so ashen nnd yet olive. There was death written in tho man's faoe, gaunt, fearsomo, . unbanishable death. "All right," said Mr. Edmund Layno. "Go —go on." He made a feeble movement to raise his hand, and his arm trembled as if in a palsy with the attempt. " Go— go on. You'll find— you'll find Captain Risehaugh at the house." His voiee sank to nearly an inaudible whisper before ho could compel the sentence Into utterance, " Cooky Bob " doffed his hat and bowed with suoh graco as his shaken nerves would allow him. . Ho had boon drinking heavily that . morning to steady these same nerves, and now the rasoals of his anatomy were playing unexpootod trioks upon him.' He walked on, looking baok from time to time at the awful wroek of a man he had just seen. Thore was the' man who owned nil the vast wealth bequeathed by Geoffrey Layne, lord of acres, mastor of men, owner of many thousands. How had ho profited? What bonefit had that brought him ? If ever tho brand of Cain had . oaten into a man's face and had rotted every token of health and happiness out of it, and left . it but a skeleton covered with a decaying skin, that face wsb Edmund Layne's. He had ohanged his residence from Stanning- ton Hall to the Manor. Stannington Hall, he said, even in tho hearing of others, was haunted. The ghost of Geoffrey Layno peered at him and scowled at him and glared at him froin odd corners daring tho pitchy, interminable, grue some night watohes, when sloop could not bo conjured to his bedside, -when memory awoke, and conscienoo had full play. He had changed his sleeping ohambor from one to the other apartmont, and then to others, night after night, and had found no peaoe. That song of oonsoienco would awake him from slumbers, druggod or. natural, and sliamo. him into unwill ing wakefulness. Ho felt himaolf bound to look baok upon what he had been guilty of. Ho saw himself chained tojthe Wood r?d gpegtr? of hjs crime, . Turn whero ho might, look whore lie' might, covor his eyes as ho might, lie was bound to. see Geoffrey Layne, dying— dead; his faco splashed and smoaredwith the oozing blood, tho, sight of whioh frozo his marrow and shrivelled his flesh. Then he gave up Stannington Hall, vowing ho.woald livo there no mere, andcamo' to Baslow Manor. Bnt rest was his in no larger measure than it had been at Stannington. (If, ton thousand mirrors bad been hung around him eaoh one rofleoting the othor and each ono show- , ing himself and his orimo, ho oould not have : been more impressed with his guilty past. It was eating into his bone. It was suoking his . life's blood and dragging him towards tho grave. Miss Risehaugh. had become Mrs. Edmund Layno, bat she shrank from him as he shrank from lror In an appalling horror whioh was net- to be concealed. Man and wife in namo only. The guilty brotbor and sister had intended to add to their orimo by olaiming yot another viotim. Bat a child's oyo might have seon that it was un necessary to hurry Edmund Layno to his doom. Ho was going thore fast enough to suit any hankcrer after his wealth. A marriage there had beon, with all legal formality, but without pomp or invitation. Thore had boon no wedding breakfast, no wed ding guests, no honeymoon, no bridal favors, E8mco Risohaugh was Esmee Layne, and by Edmund (Layne's will tho Bole inheritor of his vast fortune. Bnt Edmund Layne avoided his wife as he would havo avoided a plague, and, to do her justice, Mrs. Layno in no wiso sought her husband's company. Thoir chambers lay wide apart, and they seldom even mot nt meals. Eaoh day that dawned and oaeh sun that set brought Edmund Layne noaror to hiB ond. And ho knew it, and his wife knew it, nnd hor brother know it. Therefore they treated him with suoh gentleness as they wore capable of. To all tho world who sur rounded thorn Mrs. Layne appeared the tendorost, tho most solicitous, and tho most un fortunate of wives, marrlod to an apparently healthy and prosperous man, to suddenly find : that man racing on to death. Most peopl pitied her, somo womon envied hor. "She'll bo a widow before three months aro ovor her head, they - raid, "and shell inherit all those thousands. Shell many again In a year or so, and shell ; Barry a younger and handsomer man. 71 Mr. " Cocky Bob" was walking slowly along the avenne, looking right and left, as if he were afraid of a ghost who might jump upon him from the thicket on either side, when he came upon a great lawn framed by border® of hyacinths and tulips and lilies of the Talley. Abroad gravelled path led across the green sward to the big house opposite. He had barely proceeded a few yards on his Toad when be felt a touch on his shoulder, and, turning sharply round, stood face to face with Captain Risehangb. The Captain crossed his arms over his breast and looked Mr. Bob np and down ferociously. " So you've come to Yorkshire, you little beast," he said. "I thought you were in America." The reception bad been tbe reverse of amicable, and Mr. "Cocky Bob" felt its un inviting frigidity. " Don't cut up rough, Ajax," he said, and was immediately interrupted by the Captain's savage whisper : "Keep your tongue close in your head, you I venomous idiot. Do you think all people ware born without ears as" you were born without brains J Have you got eyes in your head ? Can't you see those two gardeners over there ?" "All right, Ajax," replied "Cocky Bob," tremulously. " I didn't mean no harm. But don't smack a fellow in the jaw like that." "Don't call me Ajax," hissed the Captain. " My name is Bisehaugb, and yon know it." "Ill call yon Bisehangh, Ajax, or anything you like," whined Mr. " Cocky Boh." I " Do it then," was the Captain's stern in junction. " Don't let me hearyou call me Ajax again. Come np to my room." Mr. " Cockr Boh," followed nervously. Had he trusted himself in the lion's den, and was he abont to Tenture and place his head into the lion's jaw. He had a desperate respect for Captain Bisehangh. Ajax, he knew, was a mac with fists of iron and arms of steel, with muscles like polished whalebone, and a grip which could strangle a lion. He, poor little fellow, had only been a groom, and he was sadly ont of training. Ajax might take him by the neck and choke tbe life ont of him if he were so minded, and he would be helpless. Not quite helpless, he thought, and his trembling fingers wandered towards his pistol pocket where a small revolver lay hidden. But, then, now that he waa face io face with his task, it did cot seem at all so pro mising as Ada bad pictured it to him. The captain showed Mr. " Cocky Bob into a room, part stndy, part sitting room, and banged the door. " Sit down there, 1 he exclaimed, pointing to a chair, " and, above all, don't let me hear yon open yonr mouth above a whisper. Say what you've got to say. But, first of all, explain yourself. Yon received your last instalment 5" "Oh, yes, Ajax," replied Mr. "Cocky Bob," timidly. "Well!" was the captain's exclamation, " why do you come here ? What do you want i" " How you've hit it," said the png nosed man. " You've hit it on the nail, Ajax. I do want something. I came .because I want some thing." " That's money, I suppose," suggested Bire- haugh. "Yes, Ajax," replied "Cooky Bob," his eonrage rising apace as the prospect of success seemed to approach. " Yes, Ajax, I do want money." The captain again crossed his arms over his breast and set his teeth hard, and looked his companion straight in the face. " Look here, Bob," he said, " that isn't your doing. Four hundred pounds a year are more than you can spend. It's - quite enough for you to make a drnnken beast of yourself for the rest of yonr life. Your tastes are simple enough. You wouldn't know what to do with more money than four hundred poncds a year. There's something else in this. Out with it Some body else has been egging yon on. Somebody has been instigating yon to leave America and to eome here. Who is it ? Tell me, for I will know." Chapter XXII. Mr. " Cocky Bob " wished he had not corns to Sasiow Manor. He instinctively felt that every word.Captain Bisehangh bad said was true. He had been so happy and so contented with his fonr hundred pounds a year until Ada hid come to him. It was perfectly true that he did not want more money himself. It was equally true that he would not have known how to spend more money tbsn that himself. . He could get as drunk at a lord every day in the year on that sum, and greater happiness than that he had never wished for. The captain looked at him with Sashing eyes, and his hot glances seemed to soorch Into the pug nosed man's frame.' Mr. "Cocky Bob" looked timidly around the room for a means of escape in case of necessity, and a nervous hand wandered towards his pistol pocket. " Out with it," hissed the captain, again. Tell me, who hss put you up to this i" > "I can tell yon, Len," said Mrs, Edmund Layne, who bau qdleily enUteu ike room. " I've been to tbe Star this morning and I've heard all about it. You'll get vourself into a fine scrape, Mr. Eobert Smith," she continued, "if you don't get out of this town very soon. Who do you think has travelled from America with him, Len 1" "Well?" asked her brother, "who?" " That young woman, Ada Sylden, who was Geoffrey Lsyne's mistress, and who has bad one side of her face all puckered up through being pelted with iron and stones at Hunt ingdon." " What !" exclaimed Bisehaugb, " Abel Rox- head's wife ?" "Yes," replied the sister, "Aoel Roxhead's wife." The captain held up his hands. " Of all the fools in the world give me a man who's a fool after women. I'll back him to commit more follies than forty other fools together." All this while Mr. " Cocky Bob " had been sitting on bis cliair silently. He had been found out. He ' had alw&ys; lookod upon Ajax and Godiva as clever people — as persons specially created by Providence to rule over him. Under their influence and guidance be had already put the noose of the law around hie neck, bat so clever lisd they been that, (o his bonndleu admiration and immense relief, he and they had so far escaped totally unscathed. _ He looked - upon Risehaugh as a superior being. And now, by Ada's' dictation, he had actually come to beard the lion in bis den. He had felt strong and vigorous and valiant on the coach, and had learnt by heart speeches and replies and sallies. But now he had forgotten them all, and he was ready, if he were asked, to beg pardou for having come, and to go biek humiliated and repentant. But, then, there was Ada. Ada would not let hi:n do it. Ada wanted money, and he had but very little to give. He wished be had never seen Ada. She was bad . enough when the pretty side of her face was turned, but when she flashed at him with the uely side of her face she was a positive horror. . She was the cause of this present bother, and he longed to be ont of it '"I couldn't help it," Mr. Robert Smith whined. "They ehucked me at Honoris, and she hang on to me and wouldn't go away." The captain approached a step with his arms crossed over his breast, as was hit habit " Look here, yon maniae," he whispered be tween his teeth. "Have you told her any thing V " Cocky Bob" looked np with scared eyes and gasped. " Have you told ber anything ?" repeated the captain, more loudly and saTagely. "Does she know anything? Tell me, or I'll wring your neck." "Don't go on like that, Ajax," pleaded the little man. " You frighten a cove. It's bloom ing bard enough io put np with Ada without being bullied by yon. And cow I oome to think of it"— his courage rose as he went on— "Fve done no wrong, Fve kept my bargain, and you're got heaps of coin. It don't matter to yon whether you allow me a little extra or whether you don't, And to tell yon the truth, taking it all in all, I don't think I've had my fair share of tbe swag." "Look here, Mr. Bob," said Captain Bise hangh, with bubbling intensity, " that speech was never born in your noddle. You've been put np to say this, and it proves to me that you're been talking. Now it seems to me that I can do only one thing— keep yon here cntil I find out how far you're gone, what you've said and what you've done." "But Ada'i waiting forme, Ajax," cried Mr. Robert Smith, "and shell play the devil if I don't go back to proper time. Shell raise the neighborhood 1" "I don't think she'll do that," retorted Mrr. Edmund Layne. " I'm very much afraid that the neighborhood will rise around her ears in a much more lively style than she expects. If she shows her faes too mnoh In Sheffield she'll be stoned, and one side of her face will then be as ugly as the other. They don't quietly permit tnch fragrant misconduct, in a woman, even in Sheffield." Captain Bisehangh stood facing Mr. Bobert Smith, and looked into his eyes. " Tell me the truth," he said. "It will be far better if you confess everything." He went to the door and closed it noiselessly. Then he walked to the window and looked out. Seeing that there was nobody within earshot, he returned. "You know, my friend," he said, "that if you've set your tongue wagging over this business, and as mnch as a breath gets abont concerning it, if I suffer youH suffer aba You'll swing, Mr, ' Cocky Bob.' They'll hang yon np by your neck ; that's what they'll do." Mr. Robert Smith made an involuntary motion with outstretched finger between his collar and his neck, and breathed heaviljv&i-iflEESj;'ere being strangled. v O 1 - J "Don't talk like that, Ajax/'he'said. " For heaven's sake, don't. - v- " Well, then, out with itj" rejoins ihs othti. "Does this woman know anything 1 "I don't think so." answered Bob. "You don't think so r',' sneered. RUebaugC " I suppose you'vt been as'drunk as 'you'genet-- ally are and you've blabbed. " I've not, Ajax," answered Robert in a nearly crying voice, " I really haven't. I've been very careful. But," he went on, with pleading eyes, " you might get roe out of this mess. I've got that woman tacked on me, and I can't get rid of ber. And she's a oner to make the money fly : and if I don't get money enough for ber ehe'll worry the life out of me and out of you." " 111 have to take this" matter inband myself," said Bisehangh, quietly, "and youH haTeto 6ay here. I think the best thing we can do, Esmee," he went on, turning to Mrs. Edmund Layne, " is that you should go immediately and either write to that man, Richard Roxbe&d;, or see him. See him, perhaps, might be better, and tell him that his brother's wife is in Sheffield. Slake it a ease of dnty to society. Spoat abont fragrant adultery and all the rest of it. You'll find that man, Richard Boxhead, when he starts, will take this woman off onr hands quickly enough, and settle this business for ns ; alwayB providing," he went on, with raised voice, "that this blithering idiot hasn't burst the bubble. But you can find this out. You'd better go and see her. Yonll know how to act, and to judge what she knows and what she doesn't from what she'll say to yon." "But what »m I to do?" said Mr. "Cocky Bob." " Yon're to stay here. " 111 find a room for you," replied Risehaugh. "And mind, yon know, none of yonr tricks. You can walk about these grounds as long as yon like, and keep b close tongue in your bead. But the moment I catch yon outside I wouldn't give sixpence for that rotten carcase'of yours— flesh, skin and all. I wouldn't leave as much of you as the dogs would eat. You understand me?" Mr. "Cocky Bob" shrank hack frightened. He knew that Bisehangh was a man quite capable of carrying out such a threat, and quietly aaecumbed. The Dog and Duck was a fourth rate publio- bouse in one of tbe small streets at the back of the Moorhead. It had usurped the name of an hotel — bow, or whence, or why, might not have been told. Ada had taken Mr. " Cocky Bob " there because she knew the place, and the people who kept it. Her Innate shrewdness told her that pet uipl it VKhljSCt bo wise'to thrust her presence too prominently on the good people of Sheffield. There were various reasons which, to her mind even, rendered it desirable that it should not reach Richard or Amos Roxhead's ear® that she was in Sheffield. She thought Bhe had schooled her companion well enough to extract from Captain Bisehaugh a thousand pounds or two, as she had forced Mr. Geoffrey Layne to give five and twenty thousand pounds. She had rehearsed the scene with him day after day during their jonrcey, and tbongbt she had pro vided for every possible chance. Mr. "Cocky Bob " waa as good as hia name while on the steamer or in tbe railway carriage, and vowed be wonld face roaring lions for ber sake. But the reader baa teen how he went about the business when he was face to face with the captain. On that morning when Mr. Robert Smith had started on tbe road to Baalow, Ada ventnred to leave the hotel. In the meantime her presence there had become known to the few people who had scon her enter the place with Mr. Matley Cavendish, and it got quickly talked abont that Ada Sylden had found a new husband— jfr. Mutley Cavendish. This statement gave rise to questions. Abel's Sight was well known to'a good many people, and men and women asked one another how it could come about that Ada, Abel's wife, could be tbe wife of another with- out the news of her husband's death having reached her husband's family. The goasipers were not long in hitting tbe right clue, and one and all vowed Ada's conduct too shocking to be tolerated. "The wicked baggage," they said, " the brazen cat. She ought to be whipped. She ought to he stoned."- Some suggested that it might be wise to inform the police, others that her husband's family ought to be warned, and from one thing to another the street iu front of the Dog and Duck soon became crowded with strapping Yorkshire women, each of whom asserted her opinion that Ada Sylden ought to be whipped out of the town. Ada had strolled as far as High-street, when tbo scowling looks and unflattering greetings which ehe received from people who kuew her and whom ahe met on the road caused ber to turn back. She returned io the Dog and Duck, and had jnst entered the little street where the puhlichoust was situated when tbe crowd espied her. "Here she comes !" cried one, "the little beast." "Look at that flash bonnet of hers !" cried another. "Tear it off ! Tear it off 1" cried others. "Heave a brick at her!" sug gested another, and immediately a babel of voices filled the air, and a surging sea of savage faces surrounded the little woman. Those be hind shoved, pushed and fought to get at her, and those in front elntched at her clothing and struck out. Ada cried, " Police ! Police ! Help 1 Help!" but' not a gnardian of the public -peace was in sight. With a desperate struggle she msnaged to get her back against the wall, only to find herself the target for a dozen bony fists and dozens of claw like sharp nailed fingers. That scene at Huntingdon flashed throngh her mind and made her shake and quiver with terror, whilst tbe actual pain inflicted upon her by the infuriated mob who at tacked her became 'intense. W hat might hare happened to her no mac might have told, had not, on a sudden, Richard Boxhead appeared on the scene. He waa tali enough to look over the heads of most of the crowd and see what was going on, even if the shouts and cries and howls had not told him. He struck out with both elbows, and the crowd made way for him in as tonishment, whilst he gripped two or three, who did not give room, by tbe collar and flung them aside. "Cowards!" he said. "Yon call yourselves men and women. Bnffians! Wretches. Fifty to one little woman. Away !" In another moment he was standing in front of Ada, and the crowd, still pushing and hitting, eould only reach him ; bnt the athlete felt not the blows. He wound one arm round Ada's fainting and bleeding form, and with the other, hitting ont right and left, scattered those close to him like chaff. Then he took advantage of the chance of the moment to dash with the half dead woman into the public house, where he deposited his burden in an inner roam. The landlady and the potman darted to the door and held it against the swaying mass who tried to force an entrance, and Dick returned to help them. The pressure against the door be came heavier, and at last it swung open upon its hinges. Bnt Richard Boxhead stood there with clenched fists, and the first who attempted to cross the threshold, being a man, he hit him full in the face, and the man staggered and fell to the ground with a hoarse grunt. The others drew back. " Leave him aloon," cried some. " It's Mcster Dick 1 It's Mesier Boxhead. Coom back; coom -hack 1" cried others. .'"""Yon may well say 'Come back!"' cried Dick. "'Aren't yon ashamed of yourselves ?" \- Thp crowd felt that they bad gone too far, and the Eight of a couple of burly policemen saunter ing -fjtolidly down tbe street to inquire what bad -happened cooled their courage of attack en- jirely. They spread ont over the little street, and allowed the blue coated gentlemen to enter the door of the public house, where, there being no slain, and Ada being only too glad to be left for a moment- alone, their dntv waa verv simnle indeed. The constables had barely left the place when Mrs. Edmncd Layne entered, having driven to the corner of the street in her dogcart. Ada was lying on the sofa in the little back parlor, and Bichard, who was with her, heard Mrs. Layne ask to see the girl. He went to the outer door and met Captain Rischaugb's sister. " I've come " said Mrs. Edmund Layne. " Yes, I see you have," interrupted Richard. " But I'll spare you the trouble. Ill look after my brother s wife myself." to SB continued. 