LOCAL AND O E KKRAL. Hxxd Over.—Report of Hospital Board, Letters to the Editor, and other matter crushed out. Qpee.v's Bjbthdat.—The Administrator of the Government will bold a levee at the Tbwn Hall, Hobart, on Queen’s Birthday, at 11 am . Gentlemen attending the levee are requested to bring with them two cards, one to be left with Orderly-in-waiting, and the other handed to the Private Secretary on precantation. City Po i»ce Covet.—I here was a clean charge sheet at the City Police Court this morning. Criminal Calendar. —The following is the calendar for the Criminal Sessions, which will be held on Tuesday next at the Courthouse. Campbell stre e t:—Frederick Whitehou»4, housebteakine *. Mary Fitch, forgery and uttering; James Hincbey and Robert Eginton, robbery; Mark Phillips, criminal assault. Tlie Chief Justice and Mr Justice Dodds will preride. Derweny Vallet Railway Extension. —Ministers have had under consideration the proposal submitted to them by Mr Howard "Wright, of Hobart, for the extension of the Derwent Valley Line of railway from Glenora to the West Coast, and are of opinion th at the scheme will hare to undergo very considerable modification® before it can receive any serious attention at their hadns. Unttebsitt Extension L ectures.—Last evening Professor McAulay delivered the third of a series of lectures on “Electricity” connection with the University of Tas* mania in tbe Lecture Ball, Technical SchooL There was a good attendance. The lecturer spoke of Faraday, whom be described as tbe “ Newton of electricity.” After dealing in detail with the discoveries made by that scientist, Professor McAulay illustrated his remarks by practical experiments. The lecture proved interesting, was attentively listened to. ie Australia-Cakapian Mail Ser- .—By the b.b. Tasmania, which sailed for Sydney laet night, Messrs George Peacock and Sons sent to Sydney for shipment to Vancouver by tbe R.M.S. Miowera, trial shipment of Tasmanian jams, was the intention of some growers ship some Tasmanian fruit to Canada, but unfortunately there was not sufficient time to allow of packing. As an instance of the interest taken in the new service Mr Murrell has numerous enquiries to what one could export to Canada nnd the service continues there is every reason to believe that next year a considerable quantity of Tasmanian fruit will be distributed throughout the Dominion of Canada. A Cut Abu.—A boy named Harold Williams, 13 years of age, residing at 240 Argyle street, was treated a t tbe Hospital this morning for a cut arm, tbe result of a fall. The wound was not &eriouB;, and tbe lad left the Institution for his borne. Drowning Fatality.—A sad drowning accident, of which Mrs Robert Mann, the wife of a messenger in tbe Civil Service, the victim, occurred a t the Dunn Street Pier lost night. Between 0 and 10 o'clock tbe second officer of the e.s. Tasmania, then lying at the pier, said to Captain Evans that he bod beard a woman’s cry for help come from under the pier, boat was at once procured, and with strong light sy»rcb was made between the ship and the wharf, b u t without success, ana it was thought that the officor was mistaken. He was confident, however, that he had heard the woman’s cry, fastened a rope round hie body and wont in under the pior and made farther search, but without success. After this it was generally believed he was mistaken, but he persisted that he was right, and this morning the body of a woman was found on the rocks near the Zeehan Wharf and conveyed to the Hospital, -where an inquest will be held, probably on Monday. It is believed th at Mrs Mann went to the wharf to see a friend away, and afterwards fell into the water, and tbepropellorofthe Tasmania disturbing the -water drove the body on to the rocks where it was found. The doceasod leaves a family of small children. Piuiottve Methodist Church.—The Rev. J. T. Piercey will give an address tomorrow morning a t Collins street from the words “ fiat ye shall receive power after th at the Holy Ghost ie come upon yon," showing that the churches must humbly return to the old apostolic lines before they can he used to reach the messes. In tbo evening tho Town Hall service wiUbe made bright and inviting by the Pastor presenting a basketful of fruit gathered from the garden of God's Word. Lose Sabbath the services wore full of cheer and blessing. The hall was well filled, and at tho close several of our English visitors gave clear and encouraging testimonies. F lower Show.—A flower show will be held on Wednesday afternoon andevening, 17th May, at tbe Queenborough Schoolroom, under tho patronage of Sir Lambert and Lady Dobson, and th e Members of the District (Mr P. O. Fysh, M.L.C., Dr. E. L. Crowther and Mr H. H. Gill, M's.H./ liberal schedule of prises will be offei Sunday school children of the district and sll-oomers. Messrs Bidencope and Luokxuen have promised to contribute some* splendid chrysanthemums, late varieties; not previously exhibited. Dfi. 3fcVANi8 fifiNDAT SERVICES. — To- - morrow Ahe 3)r. Bevan will conduct three services a t the Memorial Oongrega-; tion&l; Church, a t 11, 8, and 7. In celebrating this 6let anniversary, the teachers have been most anxious to make the day a thoroughly children’s day. The preacher of the day, Drl Reran, is one whom &U; children love, and the hymns a t all the services will be children’s hymns. A special platform has been erected in the church, and the singing will be led by the church choir end one of 160 children. In the evening the church will be thrown open, and people asked to eit where they like. Collections will bo made for the Sunday Schools, which, it is boped, will be very liberal. Tasmanian RxezxcsNr. — Every member is requested to be present at the Commandant’s parade on Monday evening next; uniform—drill order. This parade will be in preparation for the review o: Queen’s Birthday. Cheysantueuum Show.—On Tuesday and Wednesday next a chrysanthemum show, cake fair, and fancy sale is to be held in tho Trinity schoolroom. The proceeds are in aid of the Church Seating Lighting Fund. ^>oumBBN Tasmanian Artillery.—The members of this corps are requested to parade at the Barracks on Monday evening at 7.30 o’clock, for instruction under the Commandant. A full attendance i> quired Mutton.—Mr Dillon is offering a t the Arcade, Elisabeth street, carcasses of mutton a t from 2d to2id per lb, according to weight. Beef and pork is also to be obtained a t low ratta. Davet Street Congbegatjonaj. Chubc* —To-morrow evening the Rev. George Clarke is to continue the course of lectures The Order and Outline of S t. Paul’i Epistles." C m Band.—The City Band give twe concerts to-morrow, the first in the Barrack Eeaervc at 3 p.m., nnd the second at tlie Theatre Rojal at 8.30 p.m. Melanesian Mission.—The Rov. C. Bit is to preach at St. George's Church, Battery Point, to-morrow, on behalf of the funds of the Melanesian Mission. Rklinquishng Business—In another column Messrs J. H. Okines and Company state theirraaeons for relinquishing husi* Drapery fiALfe.—Messrs Noel W hite and Company’s sale of drapery, etc., commences to-day at the Emporium, Liverpool street. Tokpbdo Costs.—There is to bo a parade of this corps on Monday evening. Esk Brewery.—Messrs Boag and Son hare established ft Southern agency for the convenience of their customers. The office is situate at- th e’Ship Chambers, Collins street, next to Messrs Fitzgerald and Co.’s; and full particulars may he obtained from their S uthern manager, MrW.C. Elthaui. —[Advt.] Jones’ l.X.L. Jams and Jellies, O.K Tomato Sauce, and George Peacock and Son’s Dessert Fruits being absolutely pnre a e considered equal, if notsuperior, to any British or American productions of the kind imported. 