GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Gbaham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Cor- \ resdondent for (he best collection of school- bov " mistakes" : and thev are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says : — " When I learned one day the remarkable fact that 'Baled and Odessae translated Euripides,' I felt that the time had come for action ; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spread ing the 'New Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers ra class whatever would throw qb light on old subjects. I have been f years at it now, and have pleasure ij sending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my .'gems.' They are all bond-fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged ; in most cases I have still, the original documents from which they are taken." Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following : — Divinity. — Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potash. — Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jewa , believed in the synagogue and bad their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore the- Jews had no dealings with the: Samaritans.- — Titus was a Roman Emperor — supposed to have written the Epistle, to the Hebrews — his other name was Gates. English Histoby. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference iu Ireland. When -he .was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress " ; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.- — Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to .Crom well, "Ah ! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not'have been deserted in my old age. " Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Fork, but it-has been, taken down lately. — Who was Henry iXL ? A zealous supporter of the Church; aocUfied a Dissen- try. — What 1b Divine Right ? The liberty to do what you like inQhurch.- — What is a Papal Bull? A sorb-of cow„only?arger and does not give ""Ik- — Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the - reign of Henry VllL He said -he" was the sonof a prince, but be was really the son of respectable people. Definitions. — Phoenicians. — The- invent ors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal, — A native of Bechuana, in -South Africa. Chimaera. — A thing used to take like nesses with. Watershed. — A place in which boats are stored in'winter. Gender. — Ia the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical. — A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late. — State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics. — Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Litebatube. — Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endy- mion, which brought on consumption. — The sonnet is a thing that,has its- fust four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette). — Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention' of Christianity 597 a. d., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latih-IYench and the Danes settled thethrone for nearly thirty years. — Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro- fains madness, he really only put it on but some" people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet , immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies. — What do you understand; by the Aagusban age in English Literature;? We mean the time of Caedmon, who flourished and wrote "Comus" about ."the time that St. Augus tine converted the)people: of Kent. Miscellaneous:— Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work. — The hear b is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy peti tion. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute. — What is a volcano? A volcano is a very powerful rock. — What is the meaning of mer de glace ? Mother of glass.— What are fossils ? Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves. — What fossil remains do we find of fishes? In-some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.— What are the metamorphic rocks? Rocks that contain metaphors. — "What is the matter?" qneried a teacher. " You seem to be rather uncomfortable there." " I've gob the interjection, sir,"fwas the unexpected reply. — Explain the words fort and for tress. A fort is a place bo put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in. — What is a Republican ? A Republican Is a sinner mentioned in the Bible, — The/two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodomand Gomorrah. 