FOOTBALL FLIGHTS. There was nothing of interest pro ceeding last Saturday, and as the weather was far from being favorable the attendances at the Adelaide and Kensington Ovals we're very small. The South Adelaides gave the North Adelaides a picnic on the metropolitan grouLd, although the premiers (because Quiz believes the Souths cannot help being premiers if they mind their p's and q's) might have put up a great many more goals if they had only been more careful. As it was they did pretty well what they liked at one stage of the game, and all Jack Reedman's instructions, shouted out with lungs of leather, were unavailing. The full strength of the Souths was out, and of course the un fortunate Norths had not the ghost of a show. This much, however, may be said for the junior team : That it contains some players of very great promise, and next season there is no reason why the now despised- twenty should not, with accessions to its ranks, make a really formidable show. Take LeLeu for example. His play on Saturday was hardly excelled on the side of the premiers. Then Besley (back) was admirable, his defence being all that could be desired. Given the rest of the team composed of as resolute men as these two and the result would be most satisfactory to all concerned. As to the Souths, the men were* only having a lark, and it was a-case of shooting for goal. Rojo, who was extensively fed, notched four doubles. The final figures were—Souths, 11 goals 11 behinds; Norths, 3 goals 3 behinds. The umpiring of Mr. Thomas was . The missing word, please. The Ports gave the Adelaides a doing at Kensington, scoring 14 goals 21 behinds to 2 goals 2 behinds. Jack McKenzie was responsible for eight of the goals. The Souths have hard work before them for two Saturdays, and as they are fit and well there should not be much doubt as to the result of the contests. With regard to to-morrow's match, however, there have been many mysterious shakes of the head, whose meaning it is not difficult to interpret. The Norwoods are known to be anxious to avenge past defeats, and their supporters are confident that they will be able to lower the colors^of the Souths. As to the blue-and-whites, it is not j comforting to hear one of their j supporters say, " I shouldn't wonder, if we went down before the Norwoods." Of course you can never reckon on certainties, but on paper the Souths ought to win with comparative ease. Should the Norwoods be victorious each of the teams would have lost two games and would race for the premier ship on equal terms. This is just where the question of gate-money comes in. It is a nasty subject, but people will talk, and unless they see genuine straight-out football they will dis continue to patronise the game. Let us hope that football will be played right to the end of the season. Quiz supports the Souths in to morrow's match. On Saturday week the Ports wi;l once more try conclusions with the metropolitans, and on the Saturday following the Norwoods will meet the seasiders. The loss of Alick McKenzie, who is digging for gold at Angipena, is severely felt by his side, for there is now no really reliable goal kicker in the team. The Norwoods, having an afternoon off on Saturday, took a trip to Modern Athens, where they had the satisfaction of defeating a strong Gawler 23, with whom their clubmate Thomson played. At half-time the scores were level, and the supporters of the local men were delighted and warmly applauded their men, the two Thomsons in particular earning warm encomiums. The Norwoods at the finish had a lead of 2 goals. They played without the brothers Daly and Charlie Woods. The trip was a very pleasant one, as the visitors met with a most hearty welcome. 