THE CAUSE OF BAD TIMES. TO TUE EDITOB. Bir — uonsequences are results or ante cedents. Our bad times are the conse quences of a general pursuit of Belfwill, inainlv for personal and selfish ends. ''Everv tnan tor hiiuseli and the devil cake tho hinder most' ia the common maxim of ordinary life, however it may hide itself under vain talk about socialism, lion still a certain amount of hanging together is found to be necessary for carrying out even the evil life principle here alluded to. The modern. ao- cal!i:d, statesman fully recognises that euch is the ease, and sets himself to pander to, and play upon this popular selfwill, and turn ic to the fur therance of the equally selfish will of himself or his party ; and tho modern politician's maxim runs, 'power and its fruits are for tho able manager of fools.' Within populace and Managers alike there is, 'however, an abiding and working forco called conscience. It is of no »vail thao we practically say, with one of Shakspeare's ruffians, ' I'll not meddle with it ; it makes a man a coward ; 'tis a blushing ?ham fast spirit that mutinies in a man's bosom ; it fills one with obstacles ; it ia turned out of all towns and cities for a dangerous thing ; and every man that means to live well endeavours to trust to himself and live without it.' By God'a mercy this conscience, this 'accent of the Holy Ghost,' will not let us alone. Whereupon foolish man, full of inven tions, deeni3 it necessary to try also to manage this inconvenient life ? factor. And be does it _ (very ineffectually, how Bver) by tampering with tho doctrines and commandments and ordinances of the one true Church, in obedience to which eonseionoe is kept good, and by substituting men's notions and theories and goas-yon-like laxity for that definite diecipline of life which is based upon the revealed truths of tho religion of ChriRt, and apart from which religion real morality has no existence. In Dther words, Australian national Wflfare, like that of other peoples, is hampered and hindered and corrupted by threo bipr D's — demoprosy, demagogues, and dissent. Till we are ridded of these we may count upon bad times, with another terrific D homing in the rear, as their natural and inevitable result, namely, national detraction. Government by the will of any people without reference to whether suoh will is good or bad, capable or incapable, virtuous or vicious, really meana delivering the body politic as a prey into the hands of the favourite prophets of the hour, who twist that nose of wax called public opinion to their desired ends ; and no nation could possibly consent to be under any tuich system of miRgovernraent unless ita religious convio tions had bneu undermined and warped from truth by religion teacher* eivinf? their ccn srretjaUtms thoir own ' nrieinalities' instead of the onomi'Esa^e with which thpy are fin trusted — the plain declaration of God's undnnsiiiff and absolute will for man— '? A wonderful and horrible thinjr ia committed in tho land. The prophets prophpsy falsely, and the priests bear rule at their hands, and my people love to have it bo, and what will yo do in the end thereof ':' Ah actual, historical, and indisputable facb wo do know what persistent 'love of their own w«y' brought to the Jewish nation, to which of old this warning was ad dressed. If we follow their bad example long enough no doubs we sh»H nationally, one day, attain their doom. I do not think we re cognise the danger, but it is very rpal and very ne r. It will be wise of us wholly to recon sider our ways and to return as a nation to the 'sanity of faith.' I am, Sir, &c;, JOHN W. OWEN. Prospect, May 19. 