Original Compositions. A WnAT the Sea Shell Said.— By Evangeline Shields, Yielima. — As Ettie and Nita stood together on the sands, Nita picked up a shell and put it to her ear. " Oh, listen to the music," said she, " it is so sweet." 44 Give it to me." said Ettie," 44 and we will try and find out what it is saying." And this is what that sea shell said with its beautiful pink lips close to the ear of the little girl. " My home was in the deep blue sea, in lovely caves where coral grows, red and white, and where many and various shells are so thick in places that you cannot see the nice white sand beneath. Beautiful sea-weed, too, grows there, as lovely as any flowers on land. It is a shame to call them weeds. Different sorts of fish, some golden, some silver, swim in and out of the caves. Then the ugly octopus, with its long arms that never loose their hold of anything. . Sometimes we see a whale, but only for a little while, when they plunge to the bottom; not being a true fish they rise to the surface to blow. The white sharks, with their horrid teeth and cruel jaws, come down in search of food. When slo:ms rage and fine ships, with those on board, are in danger of sinking, we are calm and quiet beneath, but when a ship is wrecked and those on board are drowned, aud their bodies sink down to our home, we gently make way for them to lie among us, aud the long wreaths of sea-weed wind round to hide them from the sharks. Then a death occurs at sea, and the funeral service is read, the body sewed up in canvas, aud then it is lowered down into the deep. We see many sad sights in our beautiful place. Sometimes a strong current of water dis places some of us from our bed, and we are washed far away on shore, and for the first time in our lives feel the sun aud the wind, and little children, with bare feet and merry voices, play with us on the sand, while we tell our sad, sweet tale to those who listen." A Fairy Tale.— By C. P. Mason, Wy Yung. — One day a little girl named Violet sat under a mulberry tree. She was wishing a fairy would come, and she would wish for ever so many thing.-'. J ust as she was thinking this a voice called to her from the top of the tree, aud when she looked up to see what it was a beautiful fairy dressed in white tulle and glass slippers was there. She was rather frightened at first, but the fairy told her jiot- to be afraid; and asked her what she wouiflTike. She saifishe would like to be a fairy, sotee fairy said she coulcfhave her wish. The fairy her to "meet her iu tjheNsame p'ace arter dark. / Whpfi it was dark Violeji Nwebt to the tree, but anoaiet fjairy ' waas there this tiiqg. «he told her to go with her, aa&<$he>next tooment Violet . was flying throuhijae. air. " When -they riestehjsd fairy-land the faby fcou<;hrd her with her wand and turned her into a beautiful fairy. Violet flew set pkee to see her father and mother and bister, .an&toldGiem; where she was. When she'WeuL'hackJto fairy-land she told the fairies she must go back to her father and mother and sister. The fairies told her to bring them to fairy-land. One day Violet went for them and brought them to fairy-land, where they lived very happily together. He Played the Ghost. — By Annie TulTy, aged fifteen years.— When we lived in the country my sister and I used to walk three miles to school. We had such a nice teacher— a Miss Davis. Whea my sister and I would start from home to go to school we . would meet about eight more scho-ars on the way. One day when we were let out of school to have aur dinner, the big girls all went down to sit under the shade of the trees, and they left all the little ones playing about. Willis Dennis, one of the scholars, got through the window of the school and spilt two bottles of red ink in doing so. Then he got up behind the the teacher's desk and began to make a strange noise. All the little ones got veiy frightened ; they ton down to the elder girls aud told them that there was a ghost in the school. When the teacher came hack from her dinner the children came running up to her, 41 Oh, please Miss, there is a ghost ' in the sehool." Willis had j umped out of the school before the teacher came back, so when she went to look she could see nothing, but the little ones all called out, 44 Oh, but we saw his head peeping out from behind your desk." When school time canie almost everybody had a smile on his or her face, and" the teacher wanted to know what all the laughing was about, and she thought that there was some fun going on. Jim Dobson, a pupil teacher, had to tell all about it. Poor Willis got very pale, but the teacher did not punish him in any way. A Pet Magpie. — By Mary Jane Starling, Locksley. — We have had a lot of pet magpies, but we never had a good one till last year. Jack (for that was his name) could whistle and talk. We would lethim out of his cage when we got up iu the morning, and he wou'd not come back till we went to school. As soon .as we were gone he would come home, and if the door was shut he would sing out 44 cooee," and our . mother would go out and feed him. But one day he did not come home, and when we came home from school we found his 'feathers and legs at the bottom of the garden: The eat had eaten him, and we' shot her that night. "We were "all veiy sorry for poor maggie. Oue Pets. — By Sarah Semmel, Samaria.— The first little pet we had was a little opossum that .was very p'ayful. In .the daytime it used to come out of its favorite hiding-place', and run along the floof'&nd; climb " upon our 'heads, ' If we tried to take it-off it used to cling to our hair with all- its might. OueSunday evening two ladies came to. pay us a visit, and on seeing the opossum they wished to nurse it. Due lady put it oh her lap aud it sat quiet for a while, but the more she pulled the tighter it clung to herhair. Mamma went up to the laidy and toofe- it gently off. Sometimes if used to play out' in the yard, andif it saw-any. of us" in our' bare feet it would runafter us at full speed and claw our feet. H woiiia eat srgir, bread aud butter, meat, pota toes, ham and green leaves.. The Death: os Little n f.ll — By Mary Evans, Flo Werdale. —This is not the little Nell hi the sohJ9r' or in Charles Dickens' 44 Old Curiousity Shop." This little Nell was a dog. My sister and I got her when we were down ' in Melbourne haying., our holidays. She was'a reddish yellow in colori'with black tips on her eats, long curly hair- and very pretty. We used sometimes to-take her to school, but it was too far. for her to come often, - She could not do any tricks, but she used to keep the chickens out ! of the gar den. We had been laying poison for the fbxes" and mother had just taken in tee baits and put them in an out- hous.e. We were just going to start for school, and Nellie wanted to come with us. : Mother caught her aud put-her ia the outhouse; not thinking about the poisoned bait. When Vfe came back from school in the evening, Emmie wanted' to know where Nellie was, and mother told her that Nellie had eaten the bait, and was dead. Emmie ci- ed for nearly an hour over her. We planted a j-ose bush over her grave but the gfifeat flood of 1891 swept all the ground away where she was buried. - ' - - _ Teasing- Friend-: What makes thqjb new baby at' ybur house cry so much, Tommy ? T«»mmy (indignantly) ; It don't cry id rerv much ; and, anyway, if all your teeth was oat, and your hair off, and your legs so weak yon couldn't even stand on them, Tfancy you'd feel like crying yourself. " 