CHILDREN'S COLUMN. ? A WOLF DANCE. How many hunters have Been a wolf dAnoe, and haw many who have hid that experience ever mat to Witness the'jjerfqrmanoe again J fltranfs as it may teem, moBt huntere who have Men one seldom apeak of it, and do not inolnde it in their camp-fire yarns. At timea thBj may tell it to a select few, bat then they 'speak in a sort of whisper that has a sound of horror about it. ' A wolf danoe is a danoe in every sense 01 the word. And seems to be done by the animala for some purpose similar to that which impels the uncivillbm races of human beings to indulge in complicated gyrations for religious cere monies, ' _ . All men who have escaped alive say that it happened in some high.altitude. The wolves in Middle Park, Colorado, are in the habit of dancing, and also those tin the high plateaus of California. There are only a few oases known, but all are much the same, and there is no doubt about the veracity of the men, and in the case to be mentioned the rescuers also are to be believed, although they did not see the danoe. Early last January Thomas Page was living frith three other miners in a cabin near theit mine, not far from Mount Whitney, in the Mineral King Country. For several days the men had been unable to work on account of bad weather and enow.. They put in their days in a very monotonous way, and time hung heavy on their hands. When the weather began to break Page signified his intention of going out and getting a little fresh meat, as the snow was frozen hard and it would be easy to follow game. It was late in the day, and the others told him he had better wait until morning, but he paid no attention to them, and taking his rifle and knife started forth. He went up the road but a short distanoe before he saw a mountain sheep, to which he gave chase, and in a mile or so had oome near enough for a shot. His aim was good, and soon the sheep was shouldered and Page' started home, thinking how glad the boys Would be to get the meat. While he nad been going up the mountain for the sheep he was conscious of a peculiar pattering sound behind him that he could not locate, and yet it seemed to be on all sides. Several times he stopped and looked back, but oouldsee nothingexoept thesnow-oovered moun tains, with the dark pine-trees on the sides thrown into violent contrast against the dazzling whiteness. He could see nothing of an animal nature, and conoluded -the sound must have been twigs cracked by the frost and falling on to the so11, feathery surfaoe. While oooupied with killing the sheep and - getting it on his shoulders he bad forgotten the sound, but as soon as he was started he heard it again. This time it was all arnund him, and seemed to be quite near. He was not alarmed, but he wished he was back in his cabin with the sheep, skinned and out into juicy ohopj, broiling over the fire in the big ohimney. He quiokened bis steps, but it was a long way back where he had to carry the heavy sheep. Still he struggled on, and the sounds kept getting nearer and nearer, and darkness wai coming on. The snow took on a soft bluB tone, and the sky bad a crimson glow at the horizon than blended into a cold steely glitter at the zenith, where a few stars were feebly struggling into brillianoy. The soft orim»on light quickly faded, and soon there were only a few orangt-ooloured beams glowing behind the darkened pines. Page had got to within half a mile of hia home when be was alarmed by seeing an enormous grey wolf a few hundred feet ahead Of him. He set down the sheep, and raised his rifle for a shot, but the beast had vanished, although the soft pattering oould be heard on all sides, and the man realized that he was sur rounded by wolves whioh were undoubtedly driven to desperation by hunoer. Thdre was nothing to do but make the beBt fight he oould, and tun for the cabin without the sheep. He bad no sooner made up bis mind how to act than he heard the paok drawing closer and closer to him, and oould seedark forms moving stealthily through the trees. Nearer and nearer they oamn, and Page commenced shoot ing with good effeot. He oould hear the snarls jf rage and pain whenever a wolf was struck. The road was blooked in front by a writhing mass of wolves, and on all sides they oould be heard snarling, but they did not seem to want to come near for some reason. It was now dark, and the full moon jatt rising over the top of the mountains, but not high enough to give any light. Page realized the danger of his position, and really saw no way out of it. He could not kill all the animals, nor oould he get past them on any side. Ther» were no trees be oould olimb, and even if he did it was only a queation of a few hours before he would freeze to death, as the weather was growing bitterly cold. Seeing no ohanoe of esoape he commenced shooting as fast as he oould, deter mined to kill aa many as possible, and also with the hope that his friends in the cabin would hear him. The wolves were within a few feet of him and were silently drawing closer. Page kept on shooting, and without notioing it moved off the road and into the pine forest. Before he was aware he was in a place that was strapge to him in the light given by the rising moon. It was a sort of level, open place in the forest, and wad several aoros in extent. None of the animala had as yet ventured to attack him, but they kept setting hearer every moment, while be killed them as fast as he oould throw the lever off his rifle. He killed dozens, but at last bad to stop for want of ammunition. Hia belt was empty and hia i rifle useless, so he threw it away and drew his I knife. For several minutes he Btood in the middle j of the howling paok ready to plunge hia knife into the first thatsprang at him. Each minute seemed a year, but Page hBd been in as tough plaoes before, and did not waste any time thinking about his past life. He simply waited for the time to oome for him to kill as i many of his enemies as possible before he died. He fully believed that hia time to leave the world bad oorha, but he determined to live as long as possible and die like a hunter. He tamed around slowly, keeping his eye on the foremost of the paok ready to make his last fight. But his osloulations were wasted, for the whole pack seemed to spring on him at once, and he was borne to ths earth with a dozen wolves on top of him. He Was nearly ? senseless, but managed to strike a couple of tim»s before hia knife was knooked from his hand. Page then oommenoed to punch with his fists, but wondered why be was not devoured by the ravenous-looking beasts. Tbt-y were on all sides of him, snapping and growling, but none^of them had bitten him. He dpalt several of them manv hard blows and a few rolled over as if their days were ended. Suddenly he was seized again and this time dragged several feet over the snow. When the desired spot was reached he was left a few moments, and several others oame up to tear his clothes from him. In a short time he was nearly as Nature made him and the snow that was rubbed on him during the operation began to run from his body in oold streams that kept him shivering. j At this put of the performauoe the ptok stood still nd gitned a most unearthly howL Then all made a sadden tarn and teotme silent, Mad began to revolve around At man who was kneeling is the snow and yelling at the top of his voioa. There wera hundredrof them, and they moved without a sound. .They passed over the' enow like ghosts, and ia die pile moonlight their snapping Jaws and flittering eyes looked like some tint of tbe Inferno. &ound; and round they went several times at an ordinary paoe; then they went faster .and faster, until they oould soaroety 'be seen. For several minutes this was kept up, and the victim in the oentre was nearly dizzy as well as almost frozen. Then com menced a series of jumps and walking _ on hind, legs, still keeping the rotsty motion. Then oatne a combination of figures, when one crowd walked round in a circle inside the paok and the others oommenoed to jump over one another, until they looked like a choppy sea on a dark night. How long the inarch was kept up Page does not know, bul it was broken br another howl in concert, and thote on tbe inside of tbe pack again oatne towards him, and this time prowled fiercely and snapped their teeth. ~Fir»t the old leader oame up and gently inserted his teeth into Page's shoulder-not enough to break any bones, but so that the blood flowed freely. Then the others oame up and did the same thing, and soon hiB body was a bleeding mass from a hundred wounds. Still they oame and bit him, until it seemed as if he must bleed to death. Tbe pain was frightful, and his blows on tbe beasfi had beoome so weak that they no longer felt thorn. How tbe wolves kept up a oonstant bowl and danoed indiscriminately and wildly like dervishes. The scene was like pandemonium, and the bowls and snarling of the creatures were deafening. Still they bit and Bnapped at the unfortunate man and then oame baok to the danoing. Round and round they went, snarling and snapping and jumping over one another in a sort of wild frenzy. Faster and faster they went until it seemed as if they must be exhausted, but they seemed tireless and gradu ally gained speed until they fairly flew over the ground and were running over Page as if never existed. He still realized his position, although suffering agony and seeing nothing before bim but death. Suddenly btf heard the report* of several rifles and revolvers and beoame un oonsoious. It . When Page came to himself he was in the oabin and bis friends around him. He was all wrapped up in bandages so that he could soarcely move. He was one bundle of aches and pains, but was glad he was not in tbe middle of a paok of wolves. When be got well enough after several days his friends told him bow they had rescued him. They had been alarmed as soon as it grew dark and hi did not come home. One of the men went to tbe door several times to listen in the hope of bearing his footsteps. The last time he heard the howls of the wolves and called the others. All took as many weapons as possible and went towards the sound, feeling sure Page was being devoured. I'hey saw tbe paok and charged into their, firing their weapons as they went. The cowardly creatures vanished in a moment and their victim lay in plain sight on the snow. They oarried him home with very little hope that he would ever speak again. But he oame to all riirht, and is now almost well. He wftbsoon be able to go hunt ing attain, but if he can help it will never attend another wolf-dance - -Exchange* 