11(6 Treasure of f borbapus | ? By Frederick Boyle, Author of ' Ok thb Border Land.' ' A Good Hates,' n Oa.mp Notes,' Etc. OHAPIEB XX. A Bukday Lusch at Thobdtjbks. To rI'ow Kis Godseff lime for preparing lunch, Eldred took his guests round the building, and pointed oat the alterations he designed. No entertainment other than this coald have drawn Mr Eiking from the carca and anxieties which pressed upon him, though in heart as in face he preserved his cool courage. Eldred also found & warm interest in tbe lore wbicb bia gnest poured forth, and the ideas he suffgeetcd. Thar- | burns bad been & sicred thin* to the Afri- | cinder from hie earliest recollection, and assuredly it was not less absorbing now, when he had undertaken toroncw its former glories— feeling desperately ignorant him self and advised to distrust tbe conventional authorities. As a matter of fact, KM red knew better what waB required than nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand of TDBDv Englishmen who might have found themselves in his position. He had tact also, that intuitive appreciation of the fit ting which belongs to a man of intelligence who has not been corrupted by tbe barbarism of civilisation. Mr Baking commended all his ideas for reproducing tbe appearance of the houss as it stood three ccnturies and a half ago ; that date was chosen because it was tbe earliest in which any sort of description could be found. A vast deal, of course, Eldred had been obliged to reconstruct from his moral consciousness, and it was flattering to learn, from an antiquavi&n; so distin guished, that he had made no serious error. Mr Esking was a good deal concerned about the gate towers, which be described as unique. Mot a stone should be touched there, inside or oat. Eldred agreed with him, and when tblB concurrence was estab lished, Ht Baking's approval of everything suggested became enthusiastic. Kate and Mendel were frankly bored by this learned talk, aud the pauses for disser tation. They wandered afield, exploring the neglected* shrubberies, inventing grotes que legends, and laughing loud at their own fancies. They reached the Pool Dam suddenly, and Arthur was rewarded by an outburst of surprise quite as pretty And as clamorous as he had hoped. In fact, the view oE that black water sleeping fifty feet below, unseen behind a mask of trees wbich was startling to nerves more robust than Kate's. ' Ob, bow awful ?' she exclaimed, with eyes rounded and lips parted in unfeigned horror. '- What a ghastly pit I Ob, Hilda! Did you know of this ?' 8b e turned and ran with graceful impatience towards the other party. ' Mrs Pt&shawe; has discovered our Pool Dam, 1 suppose,' said Eldred. ' Come and look at it, Miss Eeking, from the stoop— terrace, 1 mean.'' They clambered ovor the ruins of the ban queting ball, which had fallen outwards on this side, whilst Kate breathlessly described the dreadful chasm she had seen. j 41 Here it is,' Eldred said. 'T confess I that this ornament to my grounds is rather a disconcerting object to come upon unpre pared.' ' It is, indeed ! I have often seen it, you know, from the Tower, but a n»ar view is much more striking. Why, Mr Tborburn, 1 j wonder that none of your ancestors hnd it j drained, if only to find the treaeure. It mu t I lie there.' I ' Tradition says not. And, betide?, I ! understand that the pool was not dag at that | time. Is it not so, sir ?' I ' I should not c&rc; to say, positively. | Legend do-?B not tell who made it ; at least) your uncle did not know.' *? Indeed?' replied Eldred, thoughtfully. ' I took it for granted that this work was done not so very, very long ago. My father thouehfc so, J fancy. Au /way, Miss Sating, the Pool Dam was never associated with our treasure.' Kate bad warily descended the steps, Arthur in attendance, of coarse. She came up just in time to hear this observation. ' Do you really believe that funny old tale ?' ' Most certainly, Mrs Fansbawe.' ' Dear me ! And are you going to hunt for tbe treasure ?' ' As soon as I can get some necessary in formation.' ' May I aek what tbe information is ?' ' Certainly. I have to find out which is tbe oldest portion of my bouse. I hope to succeed to-morrow,' Eldred felt himself bonnd by tbe conven tion to lay no trap for Mr Eeking before hostilities were resumed; and, much more, not for a guest. He did not even look to wards bim, until Hilda said :— l! Papa conld tell you that, I shonld think.' The blow was so sharp, suggesting that a clns had been found at last, her father could not quite command bis face. The smile upon ic became a wiry distortion, and bis voicc was harshly irritable. 'A mere student in architecture could tell Mr Thorburn this wall behind us is de Warren's erection. The lower windows remain almost perfect— rare specimens of domestic building in the fourteenth century.' Eldred looked at them His excursions into antiquarian science told him that the statement was probable, and lie glanced thoughtfully beyond, towards the walk, unseen from this point of vi«;w, which led to his neighbor'6 gaiden. ' Well, J hope to know soon,' he replied, moving on. Mr Esking longed to Rsk how, but dared not. He hoped somebody would put the question, but Kite interrupted. She understood partly what was going on, and began to feel alarm at the troubles the had raised— a physical discomfort, not repent '?Mr Mendel says that the water is fifty fee t deep. Can that be true ?' ' fcrj they say.' 41 And not a boat on it is, there ? Suppose Hilda or I were to fall in ? What could you do J' 'Heaven forbid 1 For myself, Mrs Fanshawe, I could only drown with you, for we have not the oppoitunity to leirn swim ming in South Africa.' 'That would be cbivalrouB, but hardly consoling. Pray get a boat, at least, Mr Thorburn.' 'Let me suggest a drag or two, and a cork jacket, and a copy of the Humane Society's rules for ilia treatment, etc., said MendcL '? I will have them all to-morrow,' Eldred replied with energy. 'Ani I'm most grate ful for the fcuggeetion. There was a boat here formerly, I belie re; it is 1} ing full of water in the thallons, aiui:st beneath your garden, Mr Eaking. Very thoughilasj of me to overlook the chanca of accident. For God's sake, Misa Eeking, come away from the edge. Here is my man to announce 'I was wondering,' Hilda said, as the turned, '? what could possibly be the object of digging such a pit. It's quite artificial, 'Quite. ^The bed of the brook is raised half & mile higher up, which niakt.8 a little waterfall. I imagine that whin tuia pool was dry, the cascade lay witLia tight, or hearing at least, of tho bac.quef.ing ball ponder, and it has gradually worked bask.' 'A proof that the treasure isn't there, sir ! In the fourteenth century people didn't care much for waterfalls.' 'A shrewd remark, Mr Thorbnrn ; bat I am sot sure that it is safe argument. An} ? how, to make a cutting through a hill, fifty feet deep at least, and, as jon believe, a hundred, is a work which in later ages would cost an enormous 6um of monjy. Only eccentric millionaires conld dream of anch an undertaking now, and I may observe, without ofience, that your ancestors have always been too mnch of the country gentleman to have millions at command.' ' And what then !' Arthur asked. ' Why then, it follows that the Pool Dam could only have been made by labor mora or less forced— by corvee. If the work conld be proved latet than the abandonment tf villeinage, it must still be of that very early date when wages were little more than nominal.' ' Unless,' said Hilda, 'the Thorburn who did it had an overpowering motive. He might ruin himself with the object of making a death-trap.' »' The very word 1 used,' Arthur cried eagerly. ' Depend upon it that ugly pond was eunk for the purpose of mcraering somebody 1' They had reached the hall door. ' I am ?lad to cut short these speculations,' said Eldred laughing. ' Xhey reflect upon my blameless forefathers to a degree quite embarrassing,' 'Ob, i beg your pardon, Mr Thorburn,' Kito b'gitj. 4 Don't name it— 1 was j iking 1 Will you ladies take oil your bonnets? 1 Mrs Go 1b:H was standing in the hall to receive her master'* visitors with due honor. ' I am curiously interested in your Pool Dam,' Hilda said, after greeting the house keeper. 11 May 1 ask Mrs (ioi3B.fi what people used to say of it iu her young days ?' ' By all means I 1 hope you have a dread ful legend, mother ?' I *' The Fool Dim ? Ay, there was talk of it, miss, when I was a girl- The old folks shook their beads and put us off, but now I'm an old woman myself I'm fain to think they didn't know more than others.' ' That doesn't promise, Miss Eeking. Now, mother, will you send mo a maid to show these ladies to a room ?' Dut Hilda had already taken off her bonnet without glncs, and Kate, unwillingly, followed the example. ?J lie lonch was so odd that Mr Esklng noticed it, though he had oven greater perplexities upon his mind than beforo. ' I cannot forbear lo say, Mr Thorburn, that joa have found an original sort of cook,' ho observed. 44 1 am hardly Acquainted with the science of antiquarian but it vapuelv Bssme to me that these are the kind of dishes 1 read about.' I Arthur exclaimed, ' I'm bo plad to hear I some one say that ! The extraordinary flavors and combinations 1 have met with in this house will sever be effaced from ia;morj.' 'Tbe point with me is, are they nics ?' Kate said. ' You gentlemen who travel and itudy arc judges of the eccentric, but we know as weli aB anyone what's good, and 1 protest that these resales of feb, if rissoles of fish they be, are quite the most delicious I things 1 ever tasted. What do you say, ! Hilda ??' ' 1 agree he»Ttily. If this is the antique style ol cooking, papa, pray find mo some recipes for my book.' ' Perhaps it's South African,' said Kate. 'Something liko it, I admit,' Eldred replied, 44 but vastly superior. I seem to recognise the pure form of our fricadel in the dieh you r.re good enough to praise, Mrs Fanshawe. But my housekeeper is solely responsible.' 'Ah, Mrs Golscff is a practical archa'ologist I Vou must cxtract the secrets of hsr lore, Uilda.' ' If Mr Thorbarn permits, we will have a long talk presently.' And after lunch, whilst the gentlemen | smoked at table — Eldred had not yet learned mat BiOgueu i&qiub; are supposea to ounce the smell of tobocco— she and Kate sought the venerable dame in her quarters. The drawing-room had been aBBignod to her, a small apartment off the ball, wilh its window looking towards the front. In old times it had another, blocked up centuries ago, wlieu the banqueting hall was built. Bo roughly had the work been done that naked bricks and mortar stared one in the face on entering, at the back of a deep recess, ' Dear me !' Kate oxclaimed sarcastically. It's not that. Mr £ Jdrej don't cara about my room, madam,' said Mrs Godprtt, answering her thought indignantly. ' He'd fill the blank with gold if I wished it.' 44 But 1 understood this was tbe drawing room formerly Hilda remarked. 41 Aye ; look at the ceiling.' It had been whitewashed and repaired, as well as a country upholsterer could do it, before Mrs Golsiff cimo into occupation. Hut Kate only saw an old- fashioned arrange ment in plaster. 1 What are we to look at in the cclline ?' she asked innocentl;,-. 'Tsial'd took to be the finest work in England, madam, cxecutei by the Italian artists who carved the mautle-piice in tho hall. And 1 can rccollect when every bit of furniture &nl; plenishing in the room matched it. Ah, 8id changes ! For the old window nook there, it was filled with a bDokcasa, that poor Captain Thorburn sold in London for seven hundred and twenty five pounde, not counliug the books in it, which } out papa bought, laise.' 'Well, the good timeB have corae again, Mrs GodsclI,acd that must be a great com fort to you. f want to bear ali you know about the Pool Dam, and other things. Now, Bit down and tell us stories.' ' But where are we to sit?1 Kate asked disconsolately, lcoking at the worm-citcn chairs, clean now, but colorless with ages of dust and neglect. 'They're quite Bate, madam, and if old bones can 6it easy oa 'oo, young ladies should be comfortable.' ' Of course, Kate ! And Mrs Goisefl has her own chair wbicb I nssd to admire at the cottag». Xow, begin.' ' I mn£t say that ciicumsUnces lejs favorable for the proper enjoyment of a guuBL BVU1J wurc never ceeignea i Alow could one possibly thrill and ali that at 3 30 p.m., Bitting bold upright like a poker on wires? Tell ui, Mrs Godseff, which is the oldest part of this awfully venerable bull ing ? ' ' The oldest part ? Why do you ask 7' ' Mr Thorburn wants tj'know,' Hilda said. ' We were talking oE it.' ' And why does he want to know?' Mrs Godseff seemed strangely interested in the question. She tapped her stick upon the lioor imperiously, and her features worked with fl.'aile anger. ?» D»r me!' said Kate again, but with another significance ' Mr Tnorburn seems to think,' she added, watching the dame, 'that iha family treasure is buried under the oldest part of this house.' ' Ah, Miss Hilda, he'll listen to you 1 Beg him, for tbe Lord's sake, to put that out of his mind. The treasure lias been ruin to bia forefathers, and will be to him 1 Ruin it was to tb-j man who had it ; ruin to the man— to every .man— who searched for it ; ruin, ruin, roin to a/1 J Don't let Sldeed go the way so many of 'cm have gone 1 Ask him, Mils Hilda, for youT sake, to throw it off 1 I look bick over a many years, and us OodstSi have served Tho.-buras faithful from father to son, mother to daughter, since there was Tborburns in the laud ! Never nought but mischief came cf the treasure ! 1 beg of ,\out Hild#, to put it so Ix-fare him, ' Dear me !'' Kate exclaimed, for the third time, with yet another tone. Hilda did not blush or pale. '1 do not understand, Mrs Godseff, why you should Buppoac that Mr Thorburn would heed me. J know absolutely nothing of the matters jou refer to, and if X did ic would bs Viry impertinent to offer advice.' The old woman made no reply for a moujent, gazing in Hilda's face, tnen ehook her head gloomily. ' What must be must I I've said my say, Miss Hilda, and you've heard. What was it yon asked, niadaio? Oh, aye, about the Paol Dam.' ' When was it made and why '1 have heard 'tw^s a Jjhn Thorjurn who did it, and if ycur father has got the family tree na used lo hang in th.; hall he could tell you when he lived. Things have happened in the pool, but the lidy there ? ' ' ills Fanshawe,' Hilda suggested. ' Yee, miss Bhe *ould like Bjmsthlng by way cf a ghost story ? Thorburns was never folks for such, i'vo heard Lord li^xtjn say, in this ro:-m thbt it's odd that tiKre GliLulin't, be the ghost of a ghost about such ft ghostly old place as this— that *00 the grandfather of his Jorjali-j now. but Ihero isn't, so far as I've been told.' -The Tiiorburcs have alwayBbeen quiet, virtiLrUB peruona? ' Katesiid, ' Na: ! Kauugh of 'cm have been wicked, and enough of 'em have coma I to an awful ending to people the neighbor I hood with ghosta. Ihere was Ealpb Thor burn, a* I was just thinking cf. He manned a ehip and fought agin the Bpaniards and I the Queen knighted him. Then he aak^d nf I Her Mejeety s grace to give him tbe heiress of Gecest of the W&rrensge;, who, as was - bekuowo, loved a young man of the Bohnns 1 But tbe Queen gave her to Ealpb, for it was ' , the cuBtom of those times that an heiress belonged to the Crown. Aud three days I , after the marriage her body was found in I the Pool Dam.' I ?* Good gracious !' Kate exclaimed, 41 Did she drown herse.f?' '?Of course, she did, madam I But there was talk, and in the end Kalph restored the Warrenage property to the heir-at-law Be went to sea agiin and wai los; in a fight. 41 A three volutre novel in half a dir*n ssntenees 1 You are tn txctlknt Btorj Uiller^ilrs Goastfi. IVay let us have some ' It was before Ealph's time, 1 think, that ' the heir — I doi/t mind his n;-m3— was plar- ! iug on the tcrrace with Jim Godsiff, who was one of ue, bus not my forefather. They 1 fell over. Kldred Thorburn stood by, talk ing with Sir James BohniL He jumped in, caught young Godseff, and brought bim to ihe steps, forgetting that the children was 1 dressed alike, being foster- brothera. When Eldred saw his mistake, he pitched Jim back as far &-r he could throw I Sir James Bohun saved him, but the heir was drowned,' ' Decidedly 1 withdraw my opinion that the Thorbnrns have always been qniet and virtuous. Please go on 44 Haven't yon any prettier legends f ' Hilda asked. 4; Not that 1 mind jast now, miss—of the Pool Dam, that is. Oh, it's told that » young lady was sitting on the parapet— I don't know who she was, nor when it hap pened. Tbe wind snatched off her top-knot and dropped it in tbe pooL Hig Thorbnrn was standing beside her. He plunged, and in doing, or afterwards, some way pnt his foot out of jglnt. Ho brought the top knot back, hot lamod lor life, 1 suppose doctors couldnt cure him.' ' But he married tho young lady, I hope?'' i 4- 1 never heard of it.' ' Then,' Hilda exolsimed, ' I feel sure it's a true story I' 'What an odd name, Hig. Its short for something, 1 suppose 7' ' No, xuadam. There have been several Hig* in the family. The great grandfather j of Mr Eldred who is now was christened \- ne was very last, wmb t ne i b»iu Hilda. ' 1 think I bave heard that the ruin of the family began with him.' ' Its true, miss J Eh, dear 1 What wild times they were when 1 first came to help my mother Ia this house]' She paused in dark reflection. 'Mr Thorburn1* great grandfather 7 Why, be must have been very old when yon were very young,' Kate said, 'Old in years, but the devil kept him i young for mischief I Hie son, Miss Hilda, was a weakling, and so was his grandson— that's Captain Thorbnrn. No one dared say nay to Hig. And eo it all came about.' ' What came about?' ?» Why — the devilry, for short 1 The younger grandsons, Balph and David, had spirit. They looked down on their elder brother in a way, and when they got short of money they dng for the treasure, and knockrd half his bauBC down.' ' Why didn't you stop them, Mrs Godseff ?' ' 1 was a wife then, mi»s, though 1 hadn't to change my name, marrying my cousin. And wc were living far from this neighbor hood, in Leicestershire. It was when my husband diel I came back, and Captain Thorburn gave me the cottage. Ab, I little hoped to be housekeeper at Thorbnrns again i ' Ton belong to the place like its ivy. All these legends and recollections will be loBt : when you go. They shonld be written down, Mre Godseff, and I wish I conld help. We : must leave yon cow,' Hilda added, 'grateful - for most interesting talk. 1 have to ask you at the sama time for another sort of recollections. We are all delighted with the old world dishes served at lunch, which, : Mr Thorburn says, are your making. Will yon let me have the recipes ?' '-Certainly, miss, aud with pleasure. They were my mother's and her mother's, and back time out of mind. I can't mike Vm as they should be made, for our cook is not up to tbe old fashion ; and, besides, I haven't the herbs ani things by me yet. But the recipcB are at your service. And, Miss Hi'da, 1 don't ask you to do it again, bat if the chance comes, or if you can fctrain a point, beg of Eldrel to leave the treasure alone. Do, now ?' ' But why not urge it yourself ?' ' Ah, he's Tuorburn, every inch 1 D'ye think he'd mind me 7 It woald bs a laugh and a jike first — if i went on he'd walk off —and tnen a black look and a sharp word. But hed mini you.' Hilda blushed now and retired without giving a promise. 1 bey found Eldred and Mendel aloue. Iho former said, 'Mr Esking could not wait, and he entrusted us with the pleasing duty of escorting you.' Just a little sir prised, Hilda put on her bonnet. The truth is that Mr Esking could not repress his anxiety to ]eirn by what means Eldred proposed to find which was the oldest part of his house ; how he had come to expect that the tr&aBure; lay there, might be a question deferred. Not many authorities were capable of pronouncing— if on authorities he relied. The Clock Tower might well be overlooked, tor its npper floor and roof had been rebuilt many generations since, and the mora ancient courses of stone were mantled with ivy. Mr Eeking could thi&k; of one man alone ~ln England who might pronounce at a glance, ani one other alone who would detect the truth to a certainty if he gave his fulJ attention. a here waB no neea tor firwtge in ascertain ing what method Eldred designed. He scid at once, in answer to a circuitous sugges 'I'm expecting a gentleman tomorrow whose name, T understand, is known to you, since his father refers in a note to ' my learned neighbor's contributions to our society.' Does that give you any bint ?' ' I am very dull. Wb *t is the name 7 * ' The father's is Sir Bichard Onslow— I am not yet acquainted with the son's.' All would bs over in twenty-four hours f Genest bad deserted bim, and if he had not gone over to tbe enemy his support could not be relied upon. And Wace Onslow was at band. Within twenty-four hours h3 would be prying round, bis musings aided and accompanied by that everlasting cackle of laughter which antiquarian savans know so well. About this time on the morrow they wonld rise from lunch, probably. Mr Esking saw tbe whole incident in bis mind's ere. Wace Onslow would not overlook the Gate Towers. Within an hour, the pave ment woull be up, or if Eldrei waited till the workman left it would be np before dinner. Ani then— how could he bave been so reckless as to bury od^s and ends of rubbish in filling the hole 1 The whole fabric of Mr Esking's defence broke np and dissolved, If it wjs not yet proved that Thorbarn had a treasure, the evidence would suffice to show that somebody hM been digging on his ground within a recent time. And then, all the testimony of foot mirks, of the besom and the rest wonld come in. Thorburn had a case at last, and George Genest was net tiustwortby. It was Not even Mr Esking's nerve was proof against this terrible threat. Ha could not command bimaslf, and after a few efforts to sustain the conversation rose suddenly, com plaining of illness. Eldred fetched tbe key of the gar Jen gate, and took him that way home. He said, as they went in, a grave and gentle man- cr : — 'If you have anything to propose, Mr Esking, anything 1— that 1 can accept, it is not too late now, nor ever will be, so long as 1 can control events 1 I ask only my own I' 44 1 have nothing to say 1' They parted at tbo door. As the pirty of young people stroll'.d along the lane, they fell I ate tbe order which bad come almost habitual — Eldred and Hilda in front, Kate and Mendel far in rear. Bach couple found an absorbing topic, but we are cococrned only with tbe former. ' Do you know,' Hilda began, ' that the dear old soul you call 'mother* is very anxious about you. She let us see as much to-day, and I think it neighborly to tell yoa, Mr Thorburn.' Kldrcd looked dawn at her with stern inquiry, but to suspect this pore and nobis being w-*9 impossible. His brow cleared. ' 1 know she is concerned about my in terest in the treasure. Is that it?' '-Yes. She says it has brought rnin, rain, rain, to all of jou, and if that's the ease, wouldn't it be wiser to leave the thing alone ?' 'dearly!' he 'said laughing. 'But the good o!d creatine refnses to show how a thing which has never been discovered has brought ruin to anybody. 1 have Invited her to make ont her case often, but tbe evi denoo is not forthcoming. Did she lay it fcefora you ?' ' I must confess that I took her assertions for granted. She knows so much that I did not lbink of donbting,1' ' Persuade her to tell the facts that bear upon this matter. I assure you, Esk ing, that I have no wish to be mined, On the nrn^nctinn of anv Te&Hanfihle; eiu. alinw. ing that to look for my own property, left I by my forefathers to a descendant who must hand it down to future generations of his i same— if it can be proved that this object, which esems to ma laudable, and indeed a duty, is mistaken, 1 will give it np. Bat not till then ; emphatically, not till then !' ?' Yon have a strong sense of your rights, Mr Tnorburn ?' He knit his brows again, seeking if there might be a purpose in tbe remaik. Her e; ea met his this time, not faltering, bnt re plying. He answered, gravely : — ' 1 suppose that men who have led my life come to regard their rights as doubly sacred, and their wrongs as doubly grave. In a poor oointry, Miss Esking, where many foes sorronod one, these things are not mere questions of law and property, as in Eng land. Life dopends on thorn sometimes, and always the means of existence. 8o perhaps wo come to take what happier folks would call an exaggerated view of things.' 11 1 understand that,' said Hilda, in a tone of relief unmistakable. After all, perhaps, this grievance against her father, which George in his excitement suggested m so grave, was a matter which English people wonld thi&k; trifling. Eldred recognised the change, and pride, loyalty, resentment, and took alum* 'Don't make too mnch of what I have said with regard to any special instance. Perhaps I might be too exacting in certain circumstances, but there is no such oase here.' Hilda canght him np. ' Where?' she asked eagerly. Eldred paused, disconcerted, ' I believe, Mr Thorburn— I have been told that you charge my father with tak ing advantage of you ? ' 14 1 am grieved and surprised that you should have heard any such thing, May I ask who waB so indiccrcet and so heartless as to tell?' ' My father had the right to do so, and sinoe you associate Mr Genest in the accuta tioa I am grateful to him for confirming mv susnicions. Now. I oome to von.' 11 But if you know, what occasion is there to ask further ?' \-- j do not know 1 They gave me hints, but nothing more. Tell me all the trath.' ' But, tblnk 1 Wonld it be beoomlug in mi to make a confidence your father re fuses? I cannot say a word, Miss Esking. Don't prtfs me, I beg. It Is impossible I' 41 Now tell me this. Ton make an accu sation—you assert that my father has wronged yoa seriovsly, and yet you go to his bonse, yoa entertain him, yon talk and langh together. Explain that.' ' it will suffice, perhaps, to point out that Mr Esking knows the chaTge, yet he comes to my house, he entertains me, and we chat together. Ask the explanation of him.' 41 No ! He may have motives ; yon can. have none. He may wish to keep on terms f but you are the accuser. Or, as I believe, he may think your idea to absurd for serious attention.' '? That is not the case. It was 1 who pro posed that we should be friendly. I felt the motive.' 14 What was that ?' 44 1 let you sc8 it once, Miss Esking, and it vanished. But the oompact remains until 1 am in position to prove my words. The end may come shortly now. To-morrow, perhaps, 1 shall be able to do so. 14 To-morrow ? To-morrow, yon are hop ing to find which is tbe oldest part of yonr house— where the treasure lies 1 Ie there any connection between that f*ct and the sharge yoa make against my fatbor !' He web silent, bitterly regretting his care less speech. 14 If yon do not answer, 1 shall -know there Is.1' ' What is the nse ot this, Miss Esking ! Within a few hours probably all will be cleared up. I will say this— If the trial 1 expect to-morrow falls, I will not pursue the matter further. I stake all on that, for X hive suffered, and suffer keenly now.' 44 You accuse my father of stealing the treasure— that is it t Deny, sir, if yon can ! Yoa cannot 1 And w th this suspicion yon dared to say you loved me, the daughter of a thief I' ' I wonld love you,' he said, with a gust ot passion, 'it yon were the daughter of a murderer.' ' Then 1 understand it all now, for 1 understand you, Mr Thorburn, and I despise you. You charge my father with theft 1 You, wlicse smse of honor is so dull, that, accusing him as you do, you aie willing to ally yourself with htm, to condone his in famy, and treat bim with retpoct for the sake of a girl 1 It is enough I If I conld sapposo for a moment that he was guilty, this wonld show the truth,' ' It is but a little time to wait!' Eldred answered, pal* and fierce. M But 1 mutt correct you In one point. It was never sug gested that I gave np my rights, or abated on? tittle of them, if I won you !' ' What 1 Yon would still have prosccnted my father ?' ' Prosecuted, no t Bat I did cot pat you in one scale and justicc in the other. 'Call it wh*t you please! If the proof you expect is forthcoming, though at that moment I had promised to be your wife, yon would have gone on 7' ' How could 1 do otherwise ?' 41 And what part was 1 to play under those circumstances f' ' I know not— bnt my duty was plain.' They had reached the front door of Little Thorburns, and parted without a word. Hilda learned that Mr Esking had ordered the carriage, and at once started lor tho Warrenage, CTc be continued.) 