SPECIAL WOOL REPORT. [From our own Correspondent.] LONDON, January 20, 1893. The London Woolbrokers' Association met (as usual one week before the opening date) on Tuesday last to make arrangements for the rotation of selling during the first series of sales for the year, wbich tbe wool importers committee bad fixed should begin on the 24tfc inst. For Pome day? before the time of mesb ipg an unfounded rumor had been industriously circulated, ie is assumed by interested parties, to the effect that owing to the extreme]} limited quantity arriving for srme time past, and the pu3Pibility of the Failing vessels not coming to port with sufficient dispatch to allow of proper landing, handling, and pre paring for ealn, it bad been decided to poet |w?h cbc opening nf the sales for at leasts wtek, or nntil the 31i-t iwfc. This canard "caught on in come quarters, and some anxiety was certainly manifested by oon- EDm« c , who bad allowed tbeir stocks of the raw article to run down to email dimensions, to ascertain the troth on the subject. Need' less to fry that the question of an adjournment was coon proved to be without auy foundation, so far as the wool merchants' committee was concerned, the members no doubt feeling that with enough wool on hand and in tight by large cargo steamers to make up a decent sate it would be almost a breach of faich towards those shippers who had perhaps paid extra freight to make sure of having the advantage of the January ferine, should any action taken to rob them of the benefit of a deficiency in the supplies of even 30,000 or 40.000 bales. Beyond this very important question of keeping faith as far as possible with the owners of tbe wool, and acting on behalf of and to safeguard the besc interests of the wool growing community, I think one may justly give to the committee a certain meed of pcaiee for boldly standing by tht-ir original decision to open the sales on the 24th inst with what ever arrivals may come to hand, on the very tangible ground that this will pioba'-Ay turn out to be a wise and pay ing policy in the long ran. You have long since found out that the "slump" in values at the close of the London November Bales was a serious matter for growers, and to have opened the year with a, series, including as some fully expected, 330,008 bales (and even higher figures were currently named) would have given wool but little chance to recover lost ground; and worse still, the effects of a decline of 5 per cent, or 10 per cent, on the markets for tops, yarns and piece goods, wonld have been deplorable and far reaching. The great want of the fine wool trade to day is stability and backbone; this hesitation and nervousness, arising partly from undue caution on the part of consumers as well as from the " hand Do-mouth" policy pursued b} some others, nave to be overcome somehow, or the trade will go from bad to worse. It has been a pleasant tuk to chronicle from time to time since tbe unhappy period of August last year some features of ameliora tion and improvement in the condition of the wool trade as reflected in somewhat higher prices for the raw staple now and again, bat notwithstanding these brighter indications there is no gainsaying the many unsatisfactory surroundings of the present and doubtful omens of Che future. The trade wants a fillip, or something to set it going on a better footing, and even if these rises are not folly sustained they do good for the time being by makine people place orders for doth, &o.; on ■ more liberal scale than they otherwise wonld if the market kept at a "dead" respectable level at the bottom of the ditch. There is nothing which can compare for a moment under present circumstances as a real tonio for prices, with a well-founded belief in a short supply, and on this ground alone I, for one (acting in the interests of tbe wool growers) hail with pleasure the announoe ments which appear from time to time that the supply will be mnoh less at the forthcoming series than at the corresponding Bales of 1892\. Although the euppiy was only 142,000 bales on Tuesday last when tbe brokers met; yet I learn that they drew up the list of sales on the?uppositinn that possibly 280.000 bales might be available (about 30,000 bales less than last year), but it appears extremely doubtful at time of closing mad whether the quantity will much exceed 230,000 bales. The Miltiades from Sydney, reported on Wednesday as off. the coast, must have a word of praise for an S6 days' passage and probable arrival to a good market; also tbe General Gordon yester day in a emart 82 days, and the clipper Rodney in So days from the same port, while the Salamis, after a good run of £5 days from Melbourne, keeps up her reputation. The actual quantities and current rates of the series will reach you by cable long ere this is published, but in the anticipation of a firm opening, induced not by any improvement in trade but far reasons above-stated, it is as well to have these few explanatory remarks, as throwing some light on the probable course of events towards the middle of the year. All the consumers I came in contact with declare two things with barefaced confidence— they cannot afford to pay a fraction more than last sales' rates, and they don't mean to buy a bale more than is neecf ol to carry them on until the April sales, when they look forampls sappliesof both fine wooland erosebreda Then, say they, we shall nave the whipband and get our wool on our own terms, that is at a lower figure; and with every disposition to prova that wool is now cheaper thin it ought to be, it is a most difficult thing to give any oogen> reason why even present valuta should be maintained, knowing as I do the intense struggle (or existence now going on and the arduous efforts on the part of many good houses to face keen competition and to keep prices for manufactured goods anywhere near the parity ot cost of production. The modern rivalry between.England, Franoa, and Ger many for supremacy in tue wool world, ap pears more like a fierce war of extermination for the weakest than anything else, owing to tue necessity of keepiug the enormous amount of machinery going to «t large extent, but tbis is not an unmixed blessing to the woolisrawers now. as the di-~ascrou? trading of Ijhe past year or two has done much to impoverish tile tnann tacturen and make them try to "Vkin" the woolgrowers as well as labor. They haven't the shadow of i ghost of a chance of a big profit on the general run of goods, the great difficultly being Do outain orders on anything like equitable terms to keep combs, frames, or looms running. It is absolutely neces sary for woolgrowers to know tbe honest naked truth about the hard conditions under which work is done in Europe. My special advices from the United States ?how that the woollen and worsted manufac turers have had a good year during 1592, but the situation has changed for die worse since the election, owing to the uncertainty as to when tariff reform legislation will begin, and no one will buy on a large ecale until the open ing of the door for " fiee wool" comes well into eight. The opinion is held by some that it will be safe to buy in small quantities foreign and colonial wools at present prices if the purchaser can see his way to keep them in bond until the day of emancipation dawns, when foreign markets will probably advance to each an extent as to make the venture a profitable one! There is, how ever, but small enoouragement in such counsel, and tbe beet thing in my view is for your wool growers to go in hot and strong for growing stout broad -haired, long-stapled wool, as strong, bony, and lung as possible, so as to be ready for che good time coming. It will not matter much if the fleeces are a bit yolky. so that they are bright and sightly and will yield about 45 pur cent, clean warp wool. I fancy it will take a deal of educating before the Americans will buy heavy greasy or touch scoured wool at all freely. There is no doubt that the reforming zeal of the Democrats has been to a large degree checked by the fact that the present Government has depleted the Treasury and morgaged future income to pay sinecure and old soldier pensions. This ap pears now a master stroke of diplomacy and gives vested interests—the pour American woolgrowers as well as manufacturers—a fair breathing time. I b'lieve that in a few years you will find the Americans snapping np all the medium quality Australian crossbred wool with any style and well skirted (so as to obviate the burro) in preference to either New Zealand or JSnglieh and Irish wool of similar quality, as they have a grow ing impression that their Kuronein rivals on* much of their suocess to the class of wool used and the way in which it works up rather than to their superior skill. Tbe arrivals of *' new clip" River Plate wool on the various markets so far fnlly confirm on personal inspection the somewhat unfavorable opinions previously expressed as to this season's produce, which, though of fair quality and soft handle, oontains far too many burrs and seeds; is au-o tender and heavy in grease. This will tell in favor of Australian wool later on in the year, when the truth is realised. The offerings announced for the opening day's sale on Tuesday nnxt are moderate, and not very strikingly representative. A. lw; r show of Sydney, such as Kyanga, Corona. Bangle Gully, DMoR over Bullerawa, &a.; Queensland wools include GF over Bimerah, Kutnvan, Glenhill, Toolburra, &c.;, &o; ; whUe amongst the Adelaides may be named Moorara. Wilgena. Outbero, JiP, JK conjoined, &o.; I trust my report on prices may be some thing good by next maiL 