TOPICS OF THE WEEK It would be interesting to know what the Full Court would do to a County Court judge or police magistrate who, in obeying its orders, called them childish. " Gentlemen," said Mr. Justice "Williams to the jury in Fan Headen v. The Lancejield Shire Council, " I am about to insult your intelligence, but the Full Court says I must, so don't get angry o. think me rude. The Full Court has decided that , it is necessary toir me to make childish observations onthese points, and I must do so." "Insulting behaviour," like charity, covers a multitude of sins in the experience of the polity, and it is possible that if his Honour had not uttered his explanatory ppeface, the jurj\ after the trial, would have hastened off, like Mr. Clarke after winning hfs nonsuit, to swear some injudicious in formation before &r;,Niyho)son or Mr. Pan ton. If the judges when sitting alone are pri . vileged t<? speak the candid truth of the Fall Court,.as we should sometimes like to, in .moments of jtemptarion whep the flesh is hptr .ropgci |or'itKe chief tribunal ofthe land uuth'briiy. it >rijy, to hay .that fbelrojt decrees childish. The^w^M^iohMoro was"said ^before the ao the Full Court might not greatly talhd brother Williams >tellingljhemthW! wpps «oft-headed, iB|e JJ««| _i ■uaiPu.iHi | u ? J* • i"." wj.i1 P majesty, lower—very lifiie lower^ urhorn ^llilton^tells off- for uWigek ^bei^,ev^SSpp!ll,,and be *b« .. itMng owrgba*. -There , : Unoikp^l^tothe for which they can be fined—£5 for being late after lunch, £10 for falling asleep .(such a natural thing to do, and often done by judges). £20 for speaking to a person out side the court, kc. Such a thing sometimes happens as the making of a judicial joke. Its very unusualness causes it to be thought immensely funny. A witticism from the bench provokes more hilarity than a wink from the bishop. All the papers make sacrifices to provide room for it. The barristers smile (hypocritically), the crowd grins, and the jurymen, feeliug them selves to be part of the court, and on terms with the Bench, give way to hearty laughter, to be pulled up on the instant by the watch- j ful crier's " Silence in coort." The juryman is never permitted to relax. He has to sit like a rigid automaton, and forget till dis charged. " with the thanks of the country," that he is a citizen, for any purpose but that of listening with rapt attention to the words of the judge. So what is going to happen, and liow the world is to go on after Van Hcaden v. The Lanccfield, Shire Council we do not know. The jury were so far unhinged by the compliment which was paid to their in telligence at the expense of the Full Court as to bring in a verdict which Mr. Justice "Williams could make nothing of. "I am afraid you have misapprehended my charge," was his sad but gentle reproach ; " I can do nothing hut discharge you." The new liberty had been too much for them. They spoiled everything by giving four answers j which are notreconcileable one with another. ' The Full Court may be right, after all, in the estimate it forms of the intelligence of juries, and Mr. Justice Williams may really agree with the Full Court, and only have been J wanting to give one of his brethren on the bench a present ltolaud for some past j Oliver. 1 The Railway department has had its little Black Friday." The movement is onward —from Speight to Spite. A number of officers of good standing and high competency found on their desks when they entered the offices on Friday morning, last week, curt notices telling them to clear out next day (not pre suming to come to Spencer-street on Mon day), though they would be paid their salaries up to June 30. They were barely given time to empty their pigeon- holes or finish their current work. We 6hould be wrong in saying that this was the first notice they got Officers in the Railway department about to be re moved or cut down first receive "warning" (names, kc., being all given) through the newspaper which the new Commissioners I cherish as the breath of their existence—the newspaper that they hasten to {vide Mr. Kibble's evidence) when they want explana tions made, and that they allow to have the run of all the documents in the department as far back as it likes to go, when engaged on its pleasant task of rummaging among old graves. The officers have felt the humiliation deeply, but it is nothing when yon are used to it, and there has been a lot of that kind of thing since Mr. Speight made way for Mr. Spite. " The commissioners bad no knowledge whatever that the Age was going to publish the names of these officers on the day when they were printed." Such is Monday's " explanation." Then how did the intentions of the Commissioners become known ? Were they submitted for approval ? The Commissioners must either admit that they show their lists "in confidence" or allow that someone outside the department knows how to find his way in by the back door or the windows after their backs are turned, or gets the papers left out for him, as boxes of kitchen refuse are left at the gate for the corporation dustman. The in formation, so cruel and cutting, was either handed out or " sneaked out" Whichever is the true explanation it proves that the Com missioners do not understand the trust they hold for the public, and gives colour to the prevailing opinion that the Victorian rail ways are public property at present in only a limited sense of the term. The public has a sleeping partner and does not know it We have heard it said that the Government ere so anxious to economise that they are giving the Commissioners plenty of line, so that the Government may get the credit of Baving without incurring any of the odinm which will necessarily be the exclusive reward of the Commissioners. A rich trea sure of odium iB certainly being piled up, and the murmuring of 12,000 voices will ere long grow to thunder. Mr. Patterson is un doubtedly deep, not caring to be in thunder storms. But surely it is extraordinary that the Commissioners and the Government 6hould pay salaries up to June 30, and forbid the men working after Saturday—two months and a half of work thrown away. Such economy is strange. There is but one im plication—the officers, notwithstanding their long service, are not to be trusted. Do the Commissioners venture to say that the men in the Black Friday list, if kept on to June 30, will rob or otherwise injure the state, or has the execution been hurried bo that the heads may be off (a very ancient trick) before the reprieve can arrive! Some .of the men find the position as puzzling as an enigma. They are not 60, and they have not been 30 years in office. We must not blame them if 'they imagine that they are going because there ate old scores to pay off, or because they have not made a deep enough bow when they Went to their morning duty, calling d&wi; 'heavenly blessings on the Kibble ; " / • : A.* more liberal verdict has been given in ^'PjarhSr v. Clarke than was generally expected; among pfcople who thought the plaintiff en Yet where ® tioh man is oon solar opinion " likes to see extra t thii ' eipehke.' The damages ate, ' "''% Vffattering to thechatacter experiences Which, act like corrosive licateiaceWbrkof feminine |^ii^i'^l>hr':marriaghi ^^i;'4»nSinfe"; qtdte'ujf toj ' ii' While the facUlty with which she oan be got to take " drugs," producing effects similar to in toxication, renders her case unique. Nevertheless, in Bpite of having, made ad missions which would largely diminish the credibility of any masculine witness, Mrs. Parker's story has been preferred by the jury to Mr. Clarke's. The word of a man in Mr. Clarke's position would go for a great deal in business transactions. It would be token for very much more than Hamlet was willing to back the Ghost for. But appa rently the social and the business world have different methods of weighing testimony, and the witness whom it would be a scandal to disbelieve in the one sphere may have liis testimony wholly disregarded in the other without being supposed to have spoken un truths. The fact is, we suppose, that some "men of the world," having made it a principle of honour always to deny when their relations with the fair sex are inquired into, the "people of the world" have ceased to take denials seriously. This is one of the ways in which truth obtains its revenge over the fiction which so frequently wins triumphs at its expense. Such a charge as Mrs. Parker brought against Mr. Clarke can only be repelled successfully, when untrue, by the production of a "white record." Where the defendant happens to have allowed himself moderate or great" laxity, with the view of enjoying life, punish ment comes when the only answer he can make to unfair accusation is a bare denial. The denial may be true, but it is not enough. It seems most extraordinary that Mr. Clarke, if suddenly taken with the impulse to be profusely generous, should have endorsed promissory notes that would at once enter upon a merry • go - round career instead of giving his cheque. It is strange that Mrs. Parker should narrate the circumstances of the transaction very circumstantially, while Mr. Clarke, who is willing when necessary to admit having "gone to Richmond," should swear that not a word of the tale is true. There is no pretence, which is another striking fact, that any valuable or reasonable consideration was given for these singularly-drawn pro- j missory notes, which Mr. Clarke endorsed. One would not necessarily expect that there should be consideration for a cheque, for when Mr. Clarke gives the thousands run freely, but promissory notes are instruments which would have to march through money lenders' offices and discount banks, and get "remarked on" at every step they 1 take along the public highway. On the other hand, we have it in evidence that Mr. Clarke's previous dealings with Mrs. Parker were mostly in bills—he fooled away about £11,000 on Koo-wee-rup advances in that way—while the jury seem to have felt that, without doing Mr. Clarke any injustice whatever, they could assume that there were times when his memory for events completely went, while his susceptibility to feminine blandishments, and his ability to sign his name, knowing what he was signing, remained in full force and vigour. The case lias attracted widespread interest simply because Mr. Clarke is a conspicuous man. Of conspicuous men " the world " exacts virtues which it itself makes no pretence to strive after. The millionaire will have the finger pointed at him by many a hand which a whole year's washing in holy water would fail to make clean. Manton has been acquitted of the charge of having drowned his wife in Albert- park Lake, and the fatality mu6t henceforth be spoken of as an accident, whether wholly or partial ly 6ad depending on the view from which the case and its varied consequences, domes tic, pecuniary, Ac., are considered. There was an absence certainly of any signs of struggling, such as bruises on the limbs or torn clothes, and though there were screams they were not of the terrified kind which result from sudden horror and great dread. The screams were the screams of nervous alarm. Were there no circumstances to weigh and consider, except the few that belong to the history of Monday night's pro ceedings, the case would be dismissed as one of strange yet not inexplicable misadventure, and Mr. Manton might look to be compli mented on the stoicism with which he bore what is to some kinds of men the heaviest of the blows that can be inflicted by merciless fate. Mr. Manton went home from the boat shed after the resuscitation of his unfortu nate wife had been given np as hopeless, and said not a word to any one in the household about the awful catastrophe; maintaining silence out of tender consideration for the feelings of bis landlady and her daughter, i The news might have robbed them of their usaal sweet nighfs rest. Nor in the morn ing did. he allow them to see he was much put out He bore his grief With the fortitude that Fenimore Cooper's Indians bore tor ture, and took an early opportunity of ad vising the insurance company that he should expect to be paid the money due under the joint policy on his own and his Wife's lives. A man may have this fine command over his feelings, and possess a business mind to' boot, without bang a wife-murdereror the potential murderer of - any "human' being. Mr. Manton is the victim of untoward cir cumstances. He married in haste when be had no employment, and had nearly arrived1 at the mid of theproceeds ofhiB last acci dent compensation-money. Manymenmarry in haste. His wife married in haste, .True, women and mm ate not to be judged by the same rule in regard to jnmnyin&fcrpprtain; kinds of women jump ^t the first offer, and the happening of athonssnd Albert-park Lake fatalities still not Cerent asingle heedless alliance, for the simple reason that it is a feminine belief, attU holding on by a few strands to its anchor, thatmarriages are made In heaven. Bit " the hoh& is, that Manton's KN Ible's fan|0tMa$v suggested—it caxmot be saggcteed—^hat he had any idea Of murder in his head either when he -VK^osed «i -When he inkued. He was simply heedless of the morrow. He had no prospect of being able to pay the second instalment on the policy when he paid the first, and the case promised to be one of the many which the insurance com panies find so profitable—a policy allowed to lapse soon after being taken out. Neither, on the Monday evening, when he came home from Fitzroy, which he called Ballarat, could he be said to have the wherewithal to carry on for another fortnight. His pockets were nearly empty—his last desperate attempts to raise money by betting roups had been nulli fied in the usual way with that mocking irony which Fortune seems to save up for bank clerks on the verge of exposure, and husbands reduced to their last few pounds. The death of Mrs! Manton saved Mr. Manton from a world oi anxiety about future ways and means. Yet it does not follow that he took her out for the boat ing trip in order to drown her. • us my in order to mown ner. A good deal- was made of the fact that Manton was found with the boat 8S yards away from the spot where his wife's body was floating, it being suggested that he caught the cramp while walking off with the boat, but if all the theories put forward against him were accepted as true, they would make him out to be artful, designing, and clever, whereas the facts seem to point to his being somewhat resourceless, and dependent at every turn on the fortuitous happenings of the moment He may be apt at turning woe to good account, but we cannot credit him with the deep craft of a Deeming, and it would have taken a Deeming to have planned an Albert-park coup. The statements in respect to sweating in the clothing trade put before the Premier on Tuesday are, no doubt, unexnggcrated, or only exaggerated to the extent that is allow able where a deep impression has to be pro duced on the public mind. In a room in Collins-street, 14ft. by 10ft., 14 girls are working in a gas-lit atmosphere, and the pay is 9d. per pair for sewing tweed trousers. Mrs. Creswell, of the Tuiloresses' Union, states that she herself has had to work till I 3 a-m. to complete one day's tale. This has ] been the seamstresses' experience for ages. Every woman working for women, under dressmakers, knows the meaning of late hours, lor dresses ordered to-day "must be ready" the day after to-morrow. It was said that under some of the sweaters girls only earn 2s. Cel. a week when learning, and get notice to quit when they ask for more. The sweater contracts to make coats up at I Is. 3d. apiece, where the log rate used to be , 2s. Gd., and trousers at 7M., where the log j rate used to be Is. Ministers of religion, members of the Trades-hall Council, and I presidents of unions put these facts before I Mr. Patterson, and what is their remedy ? j They propose to " regulate " the work away from the victims of sweating, who, in place of receiving miserable pay, will receive no pay at all. There are to be "inspectors," and " rules," and "restrictions," and ofteralittle while, when the ministers visit the rooms, tbey will find them empty, which will seem | good. But should they go to the homes in which these poorly-paid men and women live j what will they find ? That they are not earn ing pay at all. We Itave had commissions of inquiry and factory acts "regulating" the operations of the sweater, and yet sweating increases. The very statute which the depu tation wish extended already applies to the worst case they described. Is it not time we found some better means of raising starvation wages than taking the wages away? Your philanthropic deputations only ask to have the painful soene removed out of sight, not cured. The factories which give out work to be done by contract, knowing quite well tliat they are promoting slavery, if interviewed, would doubtless say that tliey have to get coots and trousers made cheaply because the people who buy insist on cheapness at the shops, and the people who buy, of course, I say that they mast make their 6mall means go as far as possible or send their children out naked. Every workman and every work ing man's wife hunts after the cheapest pos sible clothing; On the other hand, electors, we vptecheapnesa to be bsd, and we pass laws and impose high duties to make everything dear. Is not there something wrong somewhere, and muBt not the causes of sweating and poor wages lie too deep to be cored by appointing inspectors and pro claiming every room in which two persons are foupd sewing posts and trousers to be a factory? The "inquiries" we have hitherto had have never gone an inch below the sur face, and the "cores" we try leave the misery untouched.The thing now wanted is revived activity. People who have " ideas" and can think of ways of employing work men ought to be enoooraged to launch out. Bat the policy that is popular jnat now ftrpong working. fnen is the putting of re strictions on enterprise, threatening the suooesehil vith penal taxation, and warn ing everywe iyho earns above £300 a year thpt n levelling fime is surely ooming. Can lye wopder that theiide Btands at low water, andtbat there in never a move in it? «ew;-Lsgfflstfff 4*KUbly has i telected; in South iAustraUa-rOr, to spea' theoard.dGseats ont of^i possible 54 Jfcen fiUed; OnJyll new men have 00m #nd, ihongb tbete: n>ay be a change of M seasons), there will not be any ; mr change inlegialatkm. Sir John Downei haVeto . ... ... _. . „ Boimsewell, Mf ywnsurer, and Mr. •din, 4he «6|^p^^-Piibiio W who * yithlfc hmith^tfaB-eh airmail Ofthe alios, nnmlnn Mil.. popular rather ' wtotoe in pc _„.nhavebeen w , ..^^..^^J^lMe'^wgMUsfttioi ■1he«Rikpl >'«hidh: the/cp bfiliMi Bead^utfWes ^drew up a'pm^ and selected the candidates, and the voter did his duty without asking why. In some districts the party ran only one candidate, and plumped heavily for him to make sure, j Four of the new men were railway employes until just before the elections, and some of the candidates who polled best were union presidents or secretaries. It is estimated that the voting strength of the party is 29,000 out of a total of 78,000 electors. In that case " labour," as it incorrectly calls itself for the want of a better terra, is fully entitled to the nine representatives it has put in, and ought to have its lull quota in the Assembly. The number must include, however, many sets of voters, such as small shopkeepers, who are at present voting for labour candidates out of sympathy, and may not always be with labour. Under a scientific system of election labour would perhaps be able to put in even more than nine. How this plan of certain classes of electors bunching their votes together in order to return delegates is going to work we need not inquire now, as it is not based on lasting principles. A Parliament composed entirely of class delegates (each class sending | in its own men) would be incapable of legis lating for the people as a whole. The pro gramme subscribed by the labour candidates is of the usual character—certain measures for the exclusive good "of labour, and certain fads for the supposed good of everybody, and the probable injury of all. Labour has at present only got to the stage, of believing that everything that it demands must be good, and can' be obtained by passing a bill. It also believes that the things it calls fornre I withheld from it out of sheer obstinacy— | that they are debts which ought to be paid with the same speed that a bank (not of our days) cashes a cheque. It does not yet realise that when Parliaments refuse to pass laws to fix wages and limit hours and create state banks (of corruption) the intelligent majority says nay from the conviction that such laws cannot effect the good desired from them, and must effect evil that is not desired. "Labour members" and "labour j electors " have yet to learn, from the teach- j ings of experience, that the controlling power J that Parliament can exercise over the pro pensities, the habits, and the beliefs and the j will of masses of individuals is very limited. After all, who are the State that the State ] should be thought so wise and so power ful ? It consists of men who have leisure | and inclination to mind other people's j business as well as their own, to mind other people's business and neglect I their own. They are a limited few, always | changing, never very virtuous, or at all super human in their intelligence and integrity. The State is only a name for 6ome of us, and not necessarily the wisest or the best. Often as the South Australian Assembly has threatened to set the Thames on fire it has not hitherto blessed the world with any new and useful principle in legislation, and we look forward to the doings of the new House | without expecting to be delighted with any | pleasing surprise. A poisoning trial of some interest was con-1 eluded at Auckland on March 30. Thenpm ber of witnesses cyamiqed vfras large) ahd the summiug up pi Mr. Justice Conolly . j i . j; ir:n: mil i 1 tended over two/days. William Tlftmpspn,] England the man jwisoned. cam*v oufc, JifeiA England several years aji^, ^rith^a'little money, practise as a barrister, ,'p«t deemed a rural life more agreeable,'-apd1 iopk to friilt-grow ing at WaikomitL There lived with him and his wife an acquaintance named Alexander James Scott Last September Thompson had a peculiar run of aickness, and Scott was an assiduous nurse. Thompson seems to have had no special medical attendance,and though the aickess came on frequently he did not feel alarmed or suspicious. He died in October, of strychnine poisoning, apparently after taking a single dose. A phial containing some of the poison was found at his bedside. Scott, suggested that Thompson had committed snicide, because his monetary affairs were in disorder, and he had never got over the death of a child which occurred in 181)1. Hut when things came to be closely inquired into, quite a different theory forced itself to the front Between Mrs. Thompson'and Scott there had long been an intimacy which had been noticed by visitors and neighbours, but had never been seen or suspected by Thompson. Letters were discovered which showed that , the two had been on very familiar terms, calling each other by endear ing nameB. Mrs. Thompson was free in her manners, letting Scott walk into her bed room when she was at home, and write tenderly to her when she was visiting else where. At the. time of her confinement Scott was admitted to see her the day before her httsband obtained admittance. The most incriminating' letter was one signed " Bertiej" written by Scott, and found in his pocket, and addressed to someone with a pet name (obviously Mrs. Thompson), whom be called his wife. In the letter Spot* hinted: that.hewaf^ going to "do.it" (i.e,,get rid of Thompson). There "rVas, other eyidenoe, showing, as the judge said, that Mrs.. Thompson " had no sense of;delieaey,M land warrantingtbe conclusion that the relations between hew and rScott" were peculiarly immoral Thecause of the September aick ness was not established. The symptoms, suggested arsenical. poisoning, but it was skid! Thompson had beeh paling tainted meat No positive facts wereforthoomirig. HP'hSd eaten tainted -meat in June/ and, ori .the ptheyhiwd, ftgfe bid an essoined fcj& ^espepiaily jgHW^bdmr thP dwth of theSchild who died. in'OBM-Ori 6fcdisposition wafc*heerful to thfe last.r SOo)* was provfed # jtwsniged name.: itjpoe, wjiilp/ compwferinfl ttie jury) MterhearinfcA Ifctge ^nannty hlsriaence^muchjof it Supeihibue Ini oifiSfniihg),"7 tatae to tbe'oonolhBiou th&tcTh0mDSon.wa8; murderedby Scott. Mrs. Thompson left the colony after the inquest (at which she teas not. examined) and before the trial, so her version of the story has not been told, biitehe could hardly have faced the disooveries made by the de tectiveB. An article in the English Illustrated Iiag<n zinc for March is commended to the atten tion of persons who tube an interest in the inquiry'proceeding at the railway offices, ft is an account of the efforts pnt forth by the Great Northern Railway Company—the com pany that runs the " Flying Scotchman "—to keep its rolling stock up to date ; and should suggest a doubt as to the common Sense of taking the opinions of workshop fore men and engine-drivers on questions of engine construction. Foremen and drivers are experts of a kind—experts as to hoyr orders should be executed or engine^ driven—but to go to them for an opinion on engine construction. must he as absurd as it would be to consult a steamship fireman about the desirability of introducing quadruple expansion. Yet for several months past the public has had dinned into its ears by. a prejudiced authority story after story giving the views 61 drivers, foremen, and gossip-mongers on the designs and experiments of the loco, super intendent, whom it has pleased them to criticise on questions utterly beyond their comprehension, as is shown by the astound ing proposal made by one witness to brake the first and last vehicles in a goods train leaving the rest free. The principle followed by the Great Northern in making its line pay is to have the best rolling stock it oan design, to run fast, and to keep time. There is nothing in the article about raising fares or using old-fashioned engines and shabby car riages in order to induce the.public to travel. On the contrary, the company is ever im proving, and will shortly be running dining cars for third-class passengers, because third-class traffic pays .and deserves en couragement. We iu Australia do not have the comforts that the great Eugliali com panies supply, because, no doubt, we have not a dense population, and .the GovernmeWt monopolise the railway traffic. Yet this giving of facilities has much-to do with pro moting traffic even where a monopoly exists. Hail way travelling has increased immensely in England since third-class-carriages were put on to express'trains—£ e., since the public were first carried jit the tote, of 45 and 3D miles an hour for a penny a mile. Hie G. N. It. boasts that it tons one train daily 105£ miles in 117 minutes without a stop. And how does it manage to hold its own against its formidable rivals ? By inces santly improving its engines. Of the types of engines shown in this article all hut one h&ye; been designed since 1887. The engineers have evolved three or four new types in the ladt 'five years, though when they turned out the Jubilee engine in 1887, with. its 8ffc.l£in. driving _ wheels,- perfection seemed to have been reached. No. 850, No. 8G8, No. 875, and No. 932 are all improvements, following iip provementa on the engine Of the Queen's ju bilceyear. One of the series, No. 875,hasbe«i painted "a neutral tint, so that u good photo may be procured for the Chicago Exhibition.'* We wonder if a photo could be spared forllt Kibble, Mr. Akehurst, and a few more of our " inspired authorities" on locomotive design ing and train-running."" It has rdn 128 miles in 150 minutes from London to'Nottinghani, without stopping, and performed the journey out and in under time. No. 932*-the latest experiment, embodies a new idea—having the big wheels in front and the bogie wheels trailing. Our great grandchildren will pro bably travel from Melbourne to Ballarat (74 miles) in 100 minutes, and from Mel bourne to Port Fairy (187 miles) in three hours and a half, the present express rate in the one case being two hours ,22 minutes, and the other seven hours 40 minutes. Our great grandchildren may also know what it is to have a long-journey train rimning to time, instead of " taming up smiling" an hour or two late, as sometimes happens on the Western system. ' T The cult of Ibsenism in England has re ceived a fresh impetus by the performance of the Norwegian dramatist's pew play, " The Moster-Bailder," on the Btage, aid the pub lication of a translation by his two chief English admirers Mid sponsors, Mr. Edmund GoBse and Mr. William Archer. Theplsy was given at the Trafalgar-square Theatre matintu, where it has been a decided suo cess, and we are told that it has made p deeper impression (on Ibsenites, we Buppose) than any of the writer's previons works. The newspapers, as nsnal, are divided ip opinioh as to its merits, the Spectator, for instance, pronouncing it to be, from either the Jiterwy or the dramatic' point of view, " quite top worst play tliat ^Xbgen. his yet prodaoed, while the Saltyicy/ Jteview, altJibugh ^ad mitting it totie an impossible play, considers it somewhatbetterihan Its immediatepred^ cessora, byreaSdtf of Ini bebtgfrbfe and havingl** ithan the others. A brlef skdtph ? ofthe plot and Charsoteto piece to those who have n$t an nw^prtumty of-reading it or seeing it aoted. pal personage, Halvard Solness, is a euoctos ful atohifect» especially of churches, tn»o has risehnpon rite win of 4ito :61d masto*. Knut Bibvik, ancL:Knut; togfether with bu spp. Hagnar, a6d hi» loitoe, .ariajF6SVb <*» Soils by a-fire thatobhsbhiedMr |«*sd6. oTsbe isavfetyritemslpoisony and^in tensely detwted) fo> bfer' itnsbwt& atid ve» &Bik; FoalL bttrothed tb^nnfeBfoviK, ribt beoSuiehe or-'her; cbut partlj' to "excitehla wjfe's , Jealousy, fwhioh oaeenis .40 -ye him a strange kind of pleasure, and partly, it would seem, from that innate perversity that afflicts most o {Sen's characters. His fate, however appears upon the scene in the person of Hilda Wangel, a healthy and vigorous but also very modem and emancipated young lady, who thinks that it would have been "fearfully thrilling" to have been carried Off by a Viking, and says plainly, when asked by the architect to take up her abode permanently with him and his wife, You know it wouldn't end there, Mr. Solness. These two ate attracted to one anoUier in the queer Ibsenian manner, and Hildas influence over Solness brings about an ex traordinary and terrible catastrophe, bhe persuades the master-builder, who is not as young and active as heohce was, to ascend the steeple of a church he has fin.ish^' "1' in accordance with theScandmavian cuBtom placed a wreath on it She remembers seeing him do this in his younger days, when be aiueared a heroin her childish eyes, and she makes np her mind to teke him with all bisfaults if hecan perform the featonce more. He mounts the steeple and affixes the wreath, but then falls to the ground and is dashed to pieces, in the presence of every one, Hilda included. He young lady is, however, seemingly satisfied with her triumph, and merely remarks, "But he mounted right up to the top, and I heard harps in the air." And the play concludes with her waving he? shawl andBhoutingont with"wild intensity, " My Master-Builder!" A more eccentric piece as regardH both story and characters has never been penned, even by Ibsen him self, and it is full of the gloomy pessimism that seems to grow upon the writer year by year. The key- note is struck in the exclamation of Solness, regarding his own life i—" Hopeless I Hopeless! Never a ray of sunlight< Not so much us a gleam of brightness to light it I" That the pervading dreariness of the play is relieved here and there by touches of sar donic humour and pathos,t^s well as vivid revelations of tinman nature and character, will readily be believed, as otherwise the Ibsen worshippers would have no grounds fdr the faith that is in them. In the humdrum condition into which affairs in Europe have fallen, the recent events in Servia will he hailed as a welcome indication that romance is not altogether dead in political affairs. The young King Alexander becomes at once an interesting personage, and the banquet at Belgrade, at which he announced his intentions to the astonished regents, will rank among ^ the most picturesque incidents of our time. Movements in the small states of the Balkan Peninsula ate, it need hardly be said, impor tant, not in themselves, but because of the effect they may have upon the greater Powers, and more particularly the relations between j Russia ami Austria. In order to understand , the situation'it is necessary to remem ber that four years ago King Milan grew tired of ruling, and abdicated in favour j of his' son Alexander, then a boy of thirteen yeara'old, three regents being appointed to carry on the administration during his minority. Queen Natalie, a Russian lady, was' expelled From'Belgrade, and has been living apart from her husband, who per shaded the Archbishop of Belgrade to grant Mm a divorce. Therearethree poiiticaVpar tiea in Servia--ihe Radicals and the Pro gressists, who are pro- Austrian, and the Liberals, who sympathise with Russia. The Radicals have latterly had an overwhelming preponderance in the National Assembly. At the general election in September, 1890, they increased their numbers from 102 to 113, while the .Liberals secured only 18 and the Progressists only two seats. In Angust last year a quarrel arose between the Radicals and the other two parties with regard to the regency. General Protitch, one of the three regents, had died, and M. Pacbitch, the Premier, desired the appoint ment himself. A game of intrigue followed. Failing in the attempt to obtain the regencF, the Premier invited Queen'Natalie to return to Belgrade. As a counter-move, M. Ristitch, one ol the regents,arranged that, if the Queen came to the capital, Milan should also appear there at the head of an army. A plot was aljso formed.to restore the rival-dynasty, that of K&ragebrgevitch.; The result was that Mi Pachitch resigned, and a ministry was formed by M. Avakomovitch, a Liberal, although his . party :wps in a: very dwsided minority in th<e Assembly. The Chamber waalatelydissolved, and notwithstanding that the Liberals foiled to gain a majority they nffiscd: to ■ Tesign. '• 'JTfeA; ;<^titotiQtiwas ^ tiiwchy^ Here; waa -a ^capital' opipprtunity for »' patriot; King peqplei and the j^nAf§l tutor,: oM«: Pokitch,i and .his -father, ex-King Milan; uwti»)haa apparently been directing tIft'JtoOTfeifieiit ffom ?aJtoy Thq bold action ofl&r; pa^Bfactiqp: T&'i v. . Radicals'! befog; 