Literary Chitchat. " A popular clergyman," remarks the Saturday Review, " is a favourite criminal with the writers of sensational stories. He must be a Ritualist with a beautiful voice, and of unflinch- ing courage. His crime must bo nothing lesa than murder. The cheaper sins belong to other parties in the Church (we are speaking of fiction.) The Evangelioal may commit adultery; tho Nonconformist may forge or embezzle; but the privilege of murder is a. monopoly of High Churchmen. We do not pretend to acoount for this arbitrary disiribtt* tion of "sin capacity" among clergymen. We, note the circumstance without criticising it. The Jesuit, of course, has been played out. Like tho demon in the pantomime, he was always checkmated at the last; his plots neve* oame to anything, and sheer disappointment has driven him from the arena of fiotion." Mr. 0. G. Leland continues to progress in his arduous task—the translation of the works' of Heinrioh Home, of which the seventh and eighth volumes have just been published. Commenting on a remark in one of these to the effect that Heino is, "as an inspired thinker on serious subjects, far greater than as a poet, 1' the Saturday "energetically protests against the theory," and add6—a view of the matter with which mott of the admirers, of Heine and of poetry will agree— " Heine was, no doubt, a ' olayver man,' and a clayver man's thoughts on any subject are usually valuable. But if he had written ten thousand times better than he did on anything ' serious,' in Mr. Leland's aonse, the best of such writings would not have had a tea-thousandth part of the value of any one of a hundred poemß from tho 'Nord-See toßimini.' 1 For the things that aro proae are temporal; but the things that are poetry are eternal.1" Arohiteots, it appears,' like literary people and other artists, sometimes are not above employing a " ghost." A recent writer on the, subjeot quotes the rather cynical remark of a commercially successful architect to the effect that he " changed bis head clerk frequently for foar his style should get mannered." Colonel Broughton's "Letters from a Mahratta Camp," written in 1808-10, have just been published with a preface by Sir M. Grant- Duff. The author went out to India nearly one hundred years ago, was present at the capture of Seringapatam in May, 1799, and in 1809 commanded the escort of the British. Resident, Sir Charles Mctcalfe, and for some political pnrposo followod the camp of Scindia while that potentate was marohing for about fourteen months' time from the bank 9 of the Chambal River to the Rajput States, and lived all tho while under cauvas. The Mahratta system of rule, wa3 simplicity itself. Tho Maharaja went out with his army to collect tribute, to bully Rajput princes, to lay siege to rebellious towns, to pay nobody, and to live on the countries through which his ruffians passed. His army wa3 kept in arrears of pay till it broke out in; mutiny. The horses of tho cavalry, tho beasts of burden of tho camp, literally swept evevjj plain dear of every mop, green, ripening, or ripe. Exemption might be purchased with bag 3 of rupees. Murders and instances of torture wore common in tho camp. The Maharaja amused himself with orgies that " would call a blush into the cheeks of tlioinosl depraved European," and varied these elevat; ing pleasures by witnessing a fight of elephants or by (lyingkites. In allthose episodes of violence^ treachery, intrigue, spoliation, and rapine that were spread over a year, and iv which prieati fakir, buffoon, courtesan, and Minister shared, one figure comes out pure and unsullied. A young sepoy of 22 years of age had aoqnired the respect and favour of comrades aud olHcer^ by his attention to duty and modest behaviour, After a time it was discovered that the recruit was a woman, who had enlisted in the army •with the view of saving a sum sufficient to free1 her brother from debt. It is the ono creditable aot of Scindia's life that he gave her a discharge, and sont her with a letter and a present to the Nawab of Bhopal, where Her brother was con,' fined. A half-length of the poet Somervile, in excellent condition, and of some merit, is in; the possession of Lord Wolselcy, with whoso family Somervila was connected by marriagai SomervCe lived in the early part of the eighteenth century. The date of the first edition: of his poem " Tho Chaoe" is generally given a$ 734-5, though in an edition just published Mn Deigbion places it some ten years earlier. 