BELLAMY. (Br James Path.) When as a very young man I first came up to town I had a letter of introduction to the Pollens. Mr. Pullen was a rich man, who had made his money in our part at the world, and had retired to London to spend it. He had made it in a perfectly hottest manner as, what is called in Corn- wall, an 'adventurer ' — that is to say, in mining. All the great Cornish fortunes have been made much, in the same way, but not so recently. It was Mr. Pullen's father's misfortune tp have been a miner Hmself, to have worked the pick with hie own hands — -a circumstance which had erased the son to be excluded from the society of the neighborhood. The Status of a county family is fixed 'by its distance — in generations — from trade, and in Cornwall by the date of its emergence from the pit. But London society cares nothing for these matters. It takes people, both in a good and an ill Bense, for what they are worth, and asks no questions about either their relatives or their antecedents. It wel comed Mr. Pullen because he was a hospitable fellow, and Mrs. Pullen be cause she was good-natured and took so kindly to the; prosperity that had befallen her, and if it bad been told by any mis chievous parson that Mr. Pollen's father had been a miner, it would probably have Mad that it was an argument in favor of , early marriages, and if it had known bet , ter would not have cared. Indeed, though at Porthperran 'we fought shy' of this excellent couple, we acknowledged their merits, and had no objection, bo long as it was not at home, to cultivate, oar at all events make use of, their acquaintance. Hence it happened that when I got my first clerkship at Messrs. Bullion and Ingofs, I got an introduction from my people to the Pnllens in London. We believed, and they even believed themselves, that they were in London, but the fact was that though their Sundance could hardly be called suburban, . ^bey were not quite %n what is humorously -termed ' the Tillage.' They were a good \- Way o££ from my lodging- in King-street, St. James, and I did not often, take advan tage of their hospitality, though it was ' generously tendered. The people ona met «t there dinner table were, like themselves, middle aged, and not much to my youthful mind. . I think they were city people with wbom Mr. Pollen had lad commercial rela tions, and they talked of matters I did not ?understand j if there had been daughters is the family it would doubtless have been different, and I would have joined the lawn tennis parties I often saw playing in the * pablio garden at tbe back of Yigo Square 5 bttt there were no young people to attract IBS. Moreover, I must honestly add that there was another reason which disinclined ane to much intimacy with, the Pullens, or xather, another cause, for it could hardly te «alled a reason ; it was Bellamy their butler. To those who have not read M David Copperfield' it may seem incredi Jale that any young gentleman should be made uncomfortable by somebody else's ,'butler j but' then I was very young, and Bellamy made me know it. He was solemn, sedate, and intensely respectable 5 one has lueard of butlers who looked liked bishops, ! Imt this one looked like an archbishop. He IcubA been recommended to the Pullens on their arrival in town, and been with them ?'?'., iever since. Mrs. Pullen once described him to me as 'a perfect treasure,' but I v think she Was secretly afraid, of him, and I am quite sure her husband ^was, though : ie iried to t-ersuade, himself that he was ^ JM*uated1-y love and not fear. On our first 'acquaintance I thought that perhaps S JESj&jUwgpy; had :- found out that his master's :'&iher7;}iad been a miner, and thereby got H*fejp ; upperhand of him, but that was when |^;*«b .still.full of my Porthperran notions, ?032a former places had been (or lie said they g|bLafll}e^n)vin great establishments with pSp^&oiui;'tofs title, and I believe it was that Mpk-sux& circumstance which mainly weighed l^ritn Ithe simple couple, and established ;4ihe man's authority in die household. He ruled it, not indeed with a rod of iron, but ' ?;a6 itwere .with &. pastoral staff 5 there was ??j: an. unctuous dignity about him which 'would I? jbaVe adorned the very highest ecclesiastical position. vBut what I objected to was what ;^ 'thpse vsalad days I called his infernal l^patzonage; iie mademe feel so very very yonng, and when I resented it, made me feel younger. I have known him at _a dinner party give me a wineglass less than other people ; it may have been an accident, but I firmly believed it to be a hint not to mix my liquors ; and once when I looked in at luncheon time, he omitted to give me a napkin, as though. I were not an adult. I am ashamed to say that Bellamy was cer tainly ' a cause,' as old Burton calls it, why my visits to the Pullens were so few and far between. ?* It -was with some feeling of penitence and remorse, indeed, that after a very long interval I started one September afternoon to call in Vigo Square, I knew I ought to have done so any time within the last two months, and also that I was doing it then because all my other friends were out of town, and I could not afford to be so par ticular as at other times in my choice of hospitalities. A good dinner at old Pullen.' b, even, though. Bellamy might reproach me from the sideboard with my youth and inexperience, -was better than dining alone at a restaurant, for club I i had none. Imagine, then, how my conscience smote me when I drew nigh that hospitable door to find a hearse and a couple of mourning carriages before it ! Either poor Pullen or his wife (for, as I have said, they had no family) were evidently about to be taken to their long home. Indeed, even while I looked, the coffin was brought out, and after it was borne away, I saw Bellamy in the portico, deeply but respectably affected, and waving a farewell blessing to the lamented remains. I was not more un charitable than most men of my age (with whom cynicism is only popular because they think it a sign of maturity), but the reflection did strike me that I had never seen a more hypocritical looking scoundrel in my life. As to asking him any question in connection with the mournful occasion it never entered into my mind to do so ; it would have seemed a wrong to the memory of either host or hostess, and I came away without knowing which of them had departed, though with sincere sorrow for the event itself. In the papers I could find nothing about it, and we had no common friends, so there was nothing for it but to wait a decent interval and then call with 'kind in quiries.' This dutiful attention was put a stop to in a very unexpected manner, in a fortnight afterwards, by my meeting Pullen himself in the city. ' It must have been his poor wife, then,' was my first thought, and yet, though he looked less beaming than, usual, he was scarcely bo cast down as a devoted husband who had so recently- become a widower ought to have been, and moreover he was not in mourning. On catching sight of me he smiled, rather feebly (or, as I thought, coldly, as well he might, considering my long neglect of him), and exclaimed, ' Why, you are quite a Btranger. How long is it since you were at Vigo Square ?' It was really more than three months since I crossed his threshold ; but I had been to the square, as I have said ; and I thought it best to rest my excuses at once upon a solid basis. « The fact is, my dear Mr. Pullen, I did get last month so far as your house, but under the circumstances — it was on the 18th'— (he would surely remember the date, I thought to myself) — ' I did not, of course, go in.' '* And ' why should you not have gone in r' he inquired airily. ' Glad to see you, I am sure, at any time.' 'But on so melancholy an occasion — a domestic calamity, my dear sir.' ' What the deuce do you mean ? I have had no domestic calamity.' I thought this very cruel, and, indeed, brutal of old Pullen ; for his wife had been a very nice person, and he had always seemed, to be very fond of her. *? Well, I don't know what you call it ; but I saw the hearse standing at your door, and the body brought out and put into it.' 'You did, did you?' he said, looking very grave and earnest. ' You saw that at my house, did you P' ?* Most certainly I did.' ' Indeed ?' He looked very thoughtful and depressed, like one who has received worse news than he is prepared for. ' Well, my young friend, be so good as not to say anything about it till you hear from me.' He shook my hand with nervous energy, and hurried away. I had wronged the old fellow ; it -was evident that so far from being unmoved by the calamity that had befallen him, it had unhinged his mind. Otherwise he could never have doubted what I had told him of September 18, and begged me, almost in the same breath, to keep the matter a secret. In about a week afterwards, which I must say I thought rather soon after so severe a bereavement, Mr. Pullen asked me to dine in Yigo Square. I accepted the in vitation out of pity for the lonely widower — he had written, ' You will excuse there being no other guest' — more than from natural inclination. ; the house had never been very attractive to me, and without its kindly hostess I felt it would be less so than ever. But if dinners in Yigo Square had been rather dull, -it was fated that this one should restore the average in the way of sensation. In the first place it was rather a shock — though an agreeable one-; — to have the door opened for me by a strange man servant. For the life of me, being so young and emotional, I could, not help saying, 'Why, where iB Bellamy?' To which the man replied with polite regret, ' I nave only been here a few days, fix, and -don't know the gentleman.' It seemed so strange that anybody should have been in that house, if only for a few minutes, and not have known Bellamy. In the drawing room another shock, also agreeable but much more violent, awaited me in the per son of Mrs. Pullen. ' What a long time it is since we have seen you 1' she said. I did not say how much longer I had expected our separation to last, for I was too frightened at -the moment to eay anything. ' One might hare been dead and buried,' she added, -with a reproachful smile,' without your knowing it.' She might, indeed; *' But you did come, though you did not call, did you not ?' she added in a more forgiving tone, and this time she laughed- outright in a very queer and hysterical way. What could be the meaning of it all ? She could not have gone- out of her mind because her husband had not been buried on the 18th ultimo, but it was possible that she had lost some other relative upon that fatal day. It was a great relief to me when Pullen joined us ; he looked graver than usual, but not so distressed as when I had last seen him, and I noticed that he was more affectionate to his wife even than usual, as though she were in need of moral support. We three sat down to an excellent dinner (where I had my proper allowance of wine glasses and a napkin), and I enjoyed it all the more that Bellamy was not there to patronise me, and convey his pity for my youth and innocence in his very action ; but, of course, I missed him, as one misses other things -which one does not regret. If a dinner in Yigo Square without him was not like ' Hamlet*' without the prince, it was at least like 'Hamlet' without the king j Ms majesty's absence was most dis cernible. When the dessert had been put on the table, and the new man with drawn, I could no longer restrain my curiosity. I ' And what,' I inquired, ** my dear Mrs. i Pullen, has become of your excellent Bellamy?' ' Don't be hard upon him ; I mean upon my husband,'' said Mrs. Pullen in a gentle, pleading voice. 'His confidence has been misplaced and abused. I know you never liked Bellamy ; our sense of loss, the breaking down of our belief in him, will be unintelligible to you.' I looked at my three wineglasses in doubt as to what reply I ought to return 5 I looked at my napkin, and felt sure in what direotion duty pointed, ' My opinion of that man, my dear madam, was a very bad one.' ' I know it,' she answered quietly ; *? we should therefore not say anything to you against him now, but that we owe it to you to tell you all, since it is thanks to you that his wrongdoing has been revealed to us.' Thanks to me ? I was glad to hear it, it seemed a. very just sort of 'Nemesis' if it had happened so, but I could not conceive how it had happened, and I said so. ' Well, my dear husband -and I had, as you know, the greatest confidence in Bel lamy. We -would have entrusted him with untold gold, and, in fact, did entrust him with what was its equivalent ; and I am bound to say that we never missed any thing — not a silver spoon.' ' Then the man was at least honest,' I said, rather disappointed. 'Not at all,' she answered quietly. ' He was only honest, I am afraid, in small things to conceal his knavery in great ones.' ' Risked a sprat to catch a herring,' observed Mr. Pullen, who, so far as proverbs went, was quite a Solomon. ' Yes ; he so imposed upon us that when we went abroad this summer we left this house for more than three months entirely in his hands ; never asked anyone even to look in to see how matters were going on ; the other servants were as much nnder his control — and, indeed, mnch more so — as under our own ; and we felt quite secure. Everything was forwarded to us with the greatest regularity.' ' A more methodical man I never knew,' interpolated Mr. Pullen. ' He even sent us the circulars. Surplusage is no error.' ' And when we came back,' continued my hostess, ' everything looked just as it should be. Bellamy seemed charmed to see us 5 gave an excellent character of the servants ; and had been so economical with the coals that we wondered how it had been managed.' -? Well we might,' put in the old gentle man, ' for there were more coals than when wb went away.' ' Good gracious, how could that be ?' I inquired. ' How indeed^ That was the first thing that excited our suspicions,' said Mrs. Pullen. So it seemed that surplusage was an error. ' Somehow or other, I don't know how it was, but -we got the impression that somebody had been in the house while we had been away. There was no more evidence of it than of the existence of a ghost, but we couldn't shake ourselves free of it. If they were Bellamy's friends we felt that they must have been quite respec table ; but it was not nice to suspect that even Bellamy's friends had been, using our house and sleeping in our beds, was it ?' ' It certainly was not,' I assented ; ' but why did you not speak to him on the matter ?' ' Well, you see, my husband felt it rather a delicate subject to broach — to Bellamy. And he tried to hope for the best, till he met you in the city, and you spoke to him of the funeral at our house. There ought not to have been any funeral, you know.' \- ' Still, they are tilings you can't help, andjWhich will occur,' I remarked. ' Yes, yes, but you don't understand ; when you told my husband that, he made inquiries of the neighbors. We have always thought it so nice that one's neigh bors in London never trouble themselves about one, as they do in the country ; but sometimes this works inconveniently. They had seen the funeral, and one or two of them had even been so good as to pull down tbeir blinds, thinking it was one of us ; but they had thought no more about it afterwards on finding that the house was let.' 'The house let? Do you mean that your house was let ?' '- Yes, that is just how it was ; Bellamy had let it for three months furnished for 12 guineas a week. He said he had authority to do so from his master, and thereby poc keted £150, besides his double wages (be cause he charged the tenant for attend ance)/' ' Bellamy was a moBt excellent man of business,' observed. Mr. Pullen, with a sigh. ' He saved me a mint of trouble' ; .but in this matter he exceeded his instruc tions.3' ' So it certainly appears,' I remarked drily. Again Mrs. Pullen said with her plead ing eyes, ' Don't be hard upon him 5 let him down, as easily as you can.' , ' All would have been well for poor Bellamy,' observed her husband, ' but for the misfortune of his tenant— -or, as it should have been, our tenant — -dying, as it -were, upon his hands. A circumstance of that kind, in so short a lease, never entered into bis calculations. There was* only just time to bury him respectably— get things into proper order— before we got home. He must have been very much hurried and put about.' I ' You have had no scruple about sending him to gaol, I do hope,' I said. ' A man who has abused your confidence so in famously' (I might have added 'and insulted your guest,' for I felt it) ' deserves no mercy.' Mrs. Pullen held up her hands in horror. 'Send Bellamy to gaoL Of course we could never do that. We have had to part with him, but we should be sorry indeed if his future should be wrecked by a single act of — of— ? ' 'Miscalculation,' murmured her hus band. ' Just so. That is -why we have invited you, my dear young friend, here alone, to beg that, so long as the revelation can .do him any injury, you will say nothing to anybody about Bellamy's mis — well, his letting our house for us, not even at Porthperran.' 