' TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. ILR " NUKQTJAM DOUMIO." THE Hon. Captain Russell—a Xeiv Zealand sportsman, who races as straight as the proverbial pun barrel, and whose victories are therefore extremely popular — succeeded in " tui-ing " Waitiri's record for a mile and three-quarters (liinin. oscc.) in the Vanganni Cup, at the Wivnganui Jockey Club Autumn Meeting on tlie !)th in st., when his three-year-old iilly Nl. }{•> thi'riim Stonyhurst—Katie. Fersusson). piloted by our Yictoiian celebrity George Robson, defeated Impulse - (7.11). Musket (<S.0h and eight others. St. Kalheri.no earned 7st. llih. (including a 51b. penalty), and only defeated impulse (ivho is by St. 'linger froui Aida. aud was trained by our old friend, Jimmy Kean) by a lon'j head — a rattling jfood performance on the part of Impulse, who had been clean oil' his feed 18 hours before the race. LOOKING at thn name of the four-year-old L'L'OV vreldins; that finished third accentuates the. fact that racehorse nomenclature would stand a deal of improving. Somehow or other those that godfather animals seem blessed—nine times out of ten—with a paucity of' imaginative faculties, swing that there are, so many So-aml So's the second and third, and such a plurality of names to lie found in the reports of races. 1 am perfectly well aware that witli some owners the fact that it would cost them to alter the name of a horse (under Rule 47), whereas the addition of the Roman numerals H. and 111. (which are held to be quite distinguishing enough) c:in be doue "free, gratis and for nothing." has proved a material factor ill their remaining "as they were " with just the sliirht addenda -, but recapitulation of names of celebrated sires should be almost a crime in the good sportsmen's eyes (not fijinrtinQ wen's—oh ! dear no'—quite a different breed, J can assure y.ou!). Only fancy, another Musket! Yet, as we see, there if another one. Aud in New Zealand, too ! JTIS only a week or so back that the sporting edito'*' of Sydney Truth drew attention to the fac that the " Pirsjs Chester" style of christening is really puerile in its lack of neat symbolism of paternity. " 'Well-named animals—to wit, those whose names are apt combinations of their sires' and dams' cognomen—are of great' assistance to students of pedigree, and are bound to be more so in the future as helping to trace back (through the inference supplied) the breeding of the animal; whereas the duplication system simply ensures a certainty .of doubt and confusion, and a probability of eri'or. The saihe. writer also suggested that owneis should signify their desire', for an apt name through the. Press (a system which obtains in Nan- Zealand, hy-the-bye), when it would be found that many people will respond by sending in good and appropriate " uiounickers," froiu which the most suitable could be chosen. Especially if a small prize of 2s. (id. or fis. was guaranteed by the ' owner for Hie one selected. This idea is by no means new, as it has already found extraordinary favour in England. ON the subject of horses' names, it can he claimed that to- day ours liave mostly the merit of brevity. Looking backward a few jeai-.-, \vo find a colt named " Nothing Like Him Hut Scrivington," and The Window Shut" (a filly by Jerry out of Decision), " I Am Not Aware," " I Wish. You May Get It," " Ob, Dear, What Can the Matter ije?" " I'm Sure 1 Shan't," "I'll See Through It," " Whichever You Please," " Shockinc, Mamma!'' "Old Chemise," "Oh, Don't!" " None So Pretty," " Lady, I'm Off," " There She Goes With Her Eye Out" (she was one-eyed), "Pay Your Debts" and "Mind Your Pockets," are sweet examples of the nomenclature of our grandfathers; whilst " Poor Me," " Swallow* catcher," " Nasty Face," " Go Along, Do!" '.' The Hunvip's Ghost." "Cocldail Kit," " Odd Legs," "Why Not?" "I'm Mixed" and "Tanglefoot" are a few curious specimens of to-day. The late Earl of Glasgow, breeder and would-be slaughterer of the mighty Musket, to whom we owe Carbine,' would never christen a horse till it had won a race, and it is related that onee.' -when ho broke the rule under pressure, he panned out with •' Hasn't Got a Name," " Don't Want a Name" and " Isn't Worth a Maine." For the matter of that, John Finnic, the veteran breeder of Megapli'ine. Honest Ned, H"ii Holt, and many other'" clinking grud horses in Queensland, would, were he left to himsell. junt be satisfied with Hill, Sue',- .lack, Poll, ' ' - !T is really surprising what heavy imposts real, good ponies and galloways can carry. Week before last, in the Tempo Handiop at Moorefield (N.S.W.), the champion mare, Lulu, started with 12st. in the 11.1 handicap (the minimum being 7st. 71b.I. and was not far behind the leaders at the finish, although Magic (8st. 21b.) cut out tlie half, mile in oil?,see. At tlie same meeting Saxon Girl won the 14.2 welter with lOst, Mb, NKWK comes from New Zealand that Mr. Morrin is delighted with All There's victory in the Farewell Handicap at the law V.R.C. Meeting, as he sold a coil out of a full sister to AH There at his last sale for loO guineas, and Leolinus mares will shortly become valuable. MESSRS. James King and William Huek can lay the flattering unction to their souls that, the dinner party given by James Hayes on Tuesday evening (21st inst.), to celebrate his dual victory (on Fortunatus aud Portsea) in the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup, at the late V.ll.C. meeting ; — which dinner party came off at Morrow's Hotel, High-street, Windsor—was a pronounced succi ss. One would almost incline to the opinion that at an affair of this soittlie absence of the " tofTy " element — prominent, bookies and backers, ami so forth—would be detrimental to its success; but, I enu aFSuro you.i I for one experienced an agreeable surprise when, j after looking in vain round the room to discover people arrayed in diamonds and tine linen, and arriving at the conclusion that therefore the proceedings would of necessity prove stale, tint and unprofitable, 1 eventually got educated up to the fact that one couldn't always take the book by the cover—even in the case of jockey hoys and steeplechase riders. "Of course the Chairman (the Jauies King aforesaid), didn't'go into.any highfalutin in proposing the health '%>t James Hayes: and. equally of course, Jauies Hayes got over his bit of country (." only a furlong," as Hilly Buck expressed it) ill doulile-quick time; but then they both evidently knew what they wereidoing, and wanted those ivho had never hail an opport unity of hearing Frank Ctipitt and the others warbling, to enjoy the treat.. Ami I tell )jy you it was a real good.treat, comparing very favourably with the professional efforts of Messrs. Matlock, Sinjo.usen, Ireland and others. HOT the triiat.;of the evening was Mr. ^ H Davis' speech^wiien he was returning thanks (on behalf of his. father, .Mr. George Davis, M.L.C., and self) for the mHuner in which the tnast of their health—proposed by J. Hayes—had been received. .. My.. --Davis can fairly . claim to suffer under the same disability -as Marcj Antony cracked he did—to wit, "I am no orator,j as Hrntus is;" but for all that he got there just' the same, ami in a quiet, drawling fashion, delivered some home truths as to certain people racing as straight: as it was " good"' to race hor.-.es nowadays that elicited, along with hearty demonstrations of mirth, some winkings of the other eje, which meant much. YKS, the more I come to think of it. it was a great speech. And it UMS n filial speech, too; for, u'hilot not attempting to deny that he himself (Mr. J. H, Davis) did lay himself out for a con)• occasionally, he emphatically declared that so far as his dad was concerned his connection with the Turf 1 i.id been like Unto,the chastity of Ciesar's wife—above suspicion. HE almost put his foot in on".E, though, aud that was when, after eulogising James llayes' abilities as a horseman, he proposed the health of Mr. tfi-E. Brewer, remarking that Messrs. Brewer and Hayes were old comrades, and had lived, and "pulled." together. And,- do you know immediately he had said that there was a prolonged guffaw, during the which one very Stout Personage, who was sitting just in front of Sir. William Turner, of the SpnAsmnu. was heard to make inquiry as to whether or not there'was any accent on tlie " pull." 7 -,, BUT, there, it was as nice a little affair as you would care to be at; and gave me quite a totally . different opinion of Jockey Hayes and a number ; of others. In fact, had you asked me I should j never have credited Hilly Huck with being able j to enthral an audience—and especially such an ; audience—as he did with iiis "Christmas Dinner ; in the Workhouse"; and, much as 1 had heard of I Host Duli's capabilities in the catering depart- ! inenl-before, I certainly came to the conclusion! that the half had not been (old me thereanent., RKSIII.TK! Results! Results are the thing! 'J'hey are the proof of the Handicapping' Pic. Chatting anent the late meeting of the Dunedin Jockey Club " Mazoppa " remarks :—" The handieajjpiug that 3Ir. Dowse gave us stood the test of results in a highly-satisfactory manner. He made 1U handicaps for the ^meeting, brought a fair ' percentage of "the horses to the post ou every; occasion, and how aia'ny times did the public pick : the winner ? Only twice did a first favourite get ; home, and t hese occasions were with two of the • best races of-t,he trfdoUng, the D.J.C. Handicap, in ! which it was anybody's race at the distance post, j and the Forbury Handicap, another very inter- i esting and open contest, the winner paying i over £i>. For my part I hold that George | Dowse was in excellent form, and it must have j made him feol happy, to see the public puzzled j time after time, Tlie meeting all through was a j most perplexing one for backers, and I think the , public went down pretty badly. The rule was : tlia't the mugs got home. I know of one man who ! sent to the machine for a ticket, and was brought one that he did'not want, aud having to stick to it ho drew a • rattling dividend. Another man ) who made money did so because he fancied not a : horse, but -the number it carried, and, being successful, he backed the same number next day, : getting a dividend each time. Still-another easu . of luck was that of the mail *'iio took two tickets^ on Gitano because,- he "explained, he had been backing the horse all round the country meetings, and tlrcftight it must get, home sooner or later!" " THE general entries for t he approaching meeting of'the Australian Jockey Club, which closed on Monday week, givepromite of some excellentsport at Randwiek during the first week of April. A giodly .number of Victorian-owned horses are amon-gst,the nominations, aniongstth^ principal of them being—Duc'ro"', Etra Weenie. Zcph, The Admiral, Portsea, Patron, Palo "Alto, Steadfast, Carnage,. Nada, Somuiloquiat, AntiEus, Light Atillery, Fearless II., Trojan,and Schoolboy. Accoitiii'sa to a Sydney sporting authority,'.the ; doubfs respecting " the suspicious leg " supposed I to be possessed by Hero have been completely dis-; pelled, and " the creature winch created sucii sad havoc among some of .the compat-itors iu the Newmarket Handicap " has been cantering at Randwick, apparently as sound as the proverbial bell. That "the shrewd owners of Hero missed their well-planned roup m the race for (hi* NcwmarKet Handicap" is decidedly open to question (as it was the disqualification of Ellis that euchred them), but if tliey did then they ought certainly, to be able to do something more than square the vards over the Doncastcr Handicap, 