SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE: The annual business meeting of the South Australian Alliance was held at the Rechabite Hall, Grotestreet, on Saturday, the president (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C.) occupying the chair. There was a good attendance. THE KKXV&L; BEPOBT. The Hon. Seobetaby (Mr. M. Wood Green) read the annual report, from which the follow is taken : — 'At the lasb annual business meeting an alteration was made in the constitution, providing for an inorease in the number of the executive committee, by the addition of repre sentatives from the various temperance bodies, with a view to increase the efficiency of the Alliance a3 the representative political organi sation of temperance. All the temperance societies were invited to appoint mem bers to the executive, and in most cases did so, but owing to difficulties in the way only a few have been able to attend the meetings. During the year the colony was visited by Mr. E. Dawson King, secretary of the Manchester, Salford, and District Temperance 'Onion, and his services were secured for a series of meetings in Ade laide and suburbs and the outlying districts. On April 13 the first local option poll under the Act of 1891 was taken at Mannum. The chief element in the district is German. Until the end of 1S91 two clubs had been in full operation in Mannum, which, according to the testimony of residents, were not conducted creditably, being noted for the excessive drinking going on at all hours of day and night. On the refusal of the Licensing Bench to grant licenses to these club3 under the new Act, the German tteidenta determined to apply for a public- house license, and for this purpose applied for a local option pall, and there seemed every reason to expect that the vote in th9 whole district would be for an increase of licenses. Efforts were made to create a public opinion in favor of temperanes, but owing to the large German element- and the fact that the local hotelkeeper had rendered himself unpopular, the poll wa3 carried in favor of inorease. As the residents in the town itself were opposed to the granting of additional licenses they availed themselves of section 30 of the Licensed Victuallers Act of 1881, lodged a memorial with the licensing bench, and by that means succeeded in defeating the effort) to increase the drinking facilities of the town. Applica tions for new wine licenses wera made fcr Gawler, Goodwood, and Happy Valley, but by tha united efforts of the branches of the W.C.T.U. and the Alliance were refused in each case. 'When the Licensed Victuallers Act of 1891 was passed it was confidently expected that a final end bad been made of the many abuses connected with the existence of un licensed clubs, where drink could be had free from the police supervision exercised over licensed houses. The Adelaide Licensing Bench refused to issue licenses for clubs which did not provide living and lodging accommodation for their members, and this led to litigation, the result of which was that the law was found to be defective, and a number of clubs still con tinue to sell alcoholic liquors under the old unsatisfactory conditions. Goring to tbe con ditions existing at the end of the session of 1S31, when the Sunday closing clauses of the. Act were carried, and the defective draftsman ship resulting from insufficient time for delibe ration, the operation of the clauses providing for Sunday clcaing have proved very defec tive. Section 90 of the Act of 1830, which provided for the keeping closed of all outer doors connected with the bars and other purposed, was repealed, and no equivalent provision was inserted in the new Act ; this and the inadequacy of the precautions a? to travellers and lodgers ha3 made it so difficult for the police to secure convictions that viola tions are constantly occurring. There is no doubt that since entire Sunday- closing became law there is leas drinking than previously, but the frequency with whioh the law is broken and the difficulty of securing convictions makes it imperative that) the law should be amended so that its intention may be more easily carried out. The provision as to travellers and lodgers is destroying the peace and quiet of our seaside resorts, so that the houses do more business than on week days. 'During the year the Hon. Dr. Magarey introduced an Amending* Licensing Bill into the Legislative Council. This Bill provided for the reduction of the number who could petition for a poll in the city of Adelaide to 200, instead of as now one-tenth of the whole of the ratepayers. It sought to extend the powers of losal option to all licenses without limit, so that if the people of any district wished entire prohibition they could secure in, ' and this witboutxJoine any seeming injustice to the publicans, seeing that the compensation law provides that no hou3e shall be closed until the compensation is. paid. The Bill sought ti provide greater safeguards against the violation of the Sunday -closing sections of the Act by abolishing the traveller and lodger provision, making the presence of any person on the licensed premises other than the licensee, his family, and servants a bona fide evidence of violation, and making the penalty after the second offence to be imprison ment for not less than three calendar months. The Bill was introduced and read a first time, but as it was not considered possible to geb the Bill passed during the session, as there seemed no probability that the Houses would pass it in the then condition of public business, and as the special purpose in introducing it in Parliament was to place it before the country prior to the general elections, the second read ing was not pressed, and it was discharged from the order-paper. It is this Bill that your executive have decided to ask all the members of the Alliance to support, and to ask from the respective candidates a definite promise that if elected they will vote for it.' Under th9 heading 'Drink Tragedies' the report stated : — ' In our own midst we had the dreadful Carter-Edwards tragedy, in whioh the first-named when under the influence of drink deliberately shot a man who was almost) an entire stranger to him. Everywhere we find the people of civilised nations groaning under the burden of social and industrial disabilities. Everywhere crime, poverty, disease, vice, lunacy, and death are the crowded and crowding effects of the traffic in liquor. Its effects from an industrial point of view are equally disastrous. In Britain £141,000,000 is annually spent in drink ; in Canada and the Australian colonies £30,000,000; in the United States £180,000,000 ; or a total by the English . speaking people of America, Britain, and the colonies of £351,000,000. 'When we remember . that it has been demonstrated beyond cavil that money when need in the drink traffic only gives employment to one-tenth the number of persons who could be employed were the money used, in tbe ordinary channels of industry, it will be seen that, sup posing two millions to be employed by this enormpuB sum of money as how used in the drink trade, then if used in other trades it would give employment to not less than twenty millions, or eighteen millions more than are now employed. When this thought is once grasped it) wul be seen that) the settle ment of the drink problem is largely also the settlement of the unemployed problem ; that abolish the traffic in drink, or only reduce it to half its preeent proportions, and millions of our present unemployed would find profitable workVhereby, they could live and tneir lives be made glad. The report proceeded :— ' While the Government of Mr. Holder was in power a proposal was made by them in Parliament to erant a sum of money for the purpose of establishing a depot for South Aus tralian wines in London. Yonr executive regarded this as a new and dangerous depar ture on the part of the Government, and being introduced by a Ministry several members of which were regarded as friendly to our cause, occasioned surprise and sorrow. An executive meeting was held to consider the matter, with the result that a petition was lodged in both Houses of Parliament against the proposal. Asa change of Government shortly occurred nothing further was done by Parliament, and as on the accession to power of Sir John Downer the chief attention was directed to a reduction of the expenditure the new Govern ment did not carry out the promise of the previous one. Subsequently, however, an in fluential deputation of vignerons waited upon Sir John Downer to urge tbat he would carry out the promise of tbe previous Government without delay, and place a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose, and for the appointment of experts. ' As the general elections are to be held in ' April of the present year your executive takes this opportunity to urge upon every member of the Alliance, as well as upon every friend of the cause of temperance reform, the extreme necessity of demanding from every candidate for Parliament a clear and definite promise to vote for the principles embodied in Dr. Magarey's Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill, and to subordinate all smaller issues to this important one. There is now a clear issue placed before the electors by this Bill, eo that no mis understanding as to what is intended need arise. Your executive, therefore, urge that every candidate be distinctly asked at all meetings whether, provided he is elected, he will vote for the principles of the Bill. We urge that we have now arrived at a critical period in our history as an organisation. During the year a large amount of literature has been printed, and a considerable proportion of it circulated, together with a quantity printed during previous years. Although the year has been one of considerable financial strain, and the subscriptions have consequently fallen off, we are glad to be able to report that our finanaeB are in a most satis factory condition, as will be seen by the ac companying balance-sheet, the end of the year .finding us with a small balance in the bank. , We regard the outlook for the future as most hopeful. Since the inauguration of the .Alliance much work has been done and good progress made. All that is needed ia to con tinue -steadily on our course, neither deterred by discouragements nor unduly elated by partial successes, bat keeping the goal in view ' preffl steadily forward for the entire esnancipaE tion of the people from the thraldom of drink.' The balance sheet showed that the receipts amounted to £767 6s., and the expenditure to £767 63. The report and balance sheet were adopted. ELECTION OF OFFICEBS. The following were elected for the year 1893 -.—President, Hon. D. Magarey, M.L.C. (re-elected) ; vice-presidents, Mrs. S. L. Evans, Hoas. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., Dr. Cockburn, M.P., L. Grayson, M.P., Messrs. W. Gilbert, M.P., R Caldwell, M.P., F. W. Holder, M P., Revs. W. R. Fletcher, M. A., S. Mead, M A., F. Hastings, J. Thorno, Dr. Christopher Bollen, Messrs. D. Nock, J. M. Dowie, J. Pickering, T. Rhodes, G. W. Cole, and M. H. Madge; hon. secretary, Mr. M. Wood Green ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. M. Dowie; executive council, Messrs. D. Nock, J. Cock, M.P., E. Hounalow, E. Alcock, J. K'. Birka, G. J. Creswell, A. O. Chambers, Revs. J. G. Wright, J. Nicholson, F. Hastings, C. T. Newman, O. Lake, and A. E. Green, and two representatives each to be appointed by the executives of the two districts I. O.R. and Sons of Temperance, and four from the W.C.T.U. It) was resolved that the quorum for execu tive meetings be reduced from 10 to 5 mem bers. THE PKESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The President (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C.) then delivered his presidential address, in the course of whioh he said : — I purpose in this address to deal hurriedly and succintly with some of the current questions of the day in relation to temperance reform, but some, such as that of the establishment of a wine depot in London, I do not touch, for they axe dealt with in the reportof the executive. I would first of all impress the necessity of having constantly before us a clear and definite view of the object of this Alliance. Id will eave us from much confusion and from much waste of energy. We have received, and doubtless will continue to receive, advice from all quarters. Every tyro in the new movement will save U3 from impending dissolution if we bub accept his panacea for the settlement of the drink question ; we shall be urged to abandon our fanaticism and listen to reason, which means ' the other fellow's idea.' But we are crossing the stream, and there is no need to strap horea?, as our old steed has car ried U3 thus far safely, and is as fresh and strong as when we made our first plunge, and I would rather trust the brave old steed than desert him for the ill- conditioned colt that flounders at onr side. (Hear, hear.) Let us remember that this is not a society formed for the purpose of regulating the drink traffic ; our main objeob is the suppression of the traffic. We maintain that the use of alcohol, exespb for medicinal purposes in-rare instances, is an evil, and that it is the duty of the State not to licence its sale, but to suppress it. I know we may fairly be called upon to prove this position, and in the proper time and place we shall be happy to do so, as we have done over and again in the past. But for the purpose of making our position clear in current politics we simply assert) that this ia the principle upon which we apply our remedy. Are we not) justified when we see the crime and shame that follow in the wake of the march of Bacchus in concluding that he is nob the friend, bu5 the enemy of our race ; when by his means men whose vision was once clear become blind to their own ruin ; when men become deaf to the wail of misery that comes from hall and hovel ; when benevolent souls become halt, lame, and impotent to help ; when instead of cleansing lepers, we license tnen to tell that which makes their fellows leprous and sinful ; whilst, withal, instead of the dead being raised, the living are slain by drink ; and the only gospel heard amongst the poor from his lipa is the g03pel of despair, which is nob a gospel but a lash. (Hear, hear). This on every hand, whilst divines are discus sing the condition of the gastric gland3 in Timothy's stomach and poets are chanting the rubbish that ' Britons never shall be slaves.' Kb, with euch cries as we have heard ringing in our ears, we have work to do, and cannot) step down to attend to tho3e who shut their eyes, close their ears, and harden their hearts, and then declare that they cannot see with U3. They cry to us to regulate the traffic. Men have tried regulating the traffic for centuries, and deeper and deeper dp they get into the mire. It cannot be remedied by kid glove palliatives, nor its tide stemmed by Partington brooms. (Hear, hear.) . What say the Times, the 'Thunderer:'— 'Drink baffles u?, confounds us, shames us, and mocks U3 at every point. It outwits alike the teacher, the man of business, the patriot, and the legislator. Every other institution flounders in hopeless difficulties ; the public house holds its triumphal course.* The administrators of public and private charity are told that alms and oblations go with rates, doles, and pensions to the all-absorbing bar of the public-house.' The late Duke of Albany in his last publio speech spoke of 'drink as the only terrible enemy that England has to fear.' I doubt) the accuracy of the statement, for she has to fear greed and injustice just as muoh. But that it is a terrible enemy is only too true. But mark the difference between her treatment of her enemies. Against the foreign foe she builds her ramparts, mans her ironclads, and sheds the blood of her poor upon the battlefield ; bub this, her terrible enemy upon her own shores, she pampers and pets, translates its beerage to the peerage, and fills her treasury with her share of the spoil. What have we succeeded in doing in this colony by our palliatives? Are we satisfied because we made him growl when we extracted a fang with the Sunday-closing forceps? No 2 the whole animal musb go ere we can feel secure and the lives and interests of our fellows be eafe. One great thing alone we have done, and that is merely preparatory to the final notice to quit. By the legislation of 1891 we gave him 15 years' notice to quit, an absurdly long notice ; but as the years drift by renewal as a matter of course goes by the board. We gave him then a blow that he felt and will feel more and more. But it is only a preliminary step. Our main work still lies before us. (Hear, hear.) What, then, is it that we demand? We demand that the power shall be extended to the people to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in their districts. We do nob demand tha right — that is ours already — we demand legislative authority. We demand that before any licenses are granted the residents in any particular district shall be asked whether any licenses are required by them. This is the 'direct veto.' We discard the old name of 'local option,' which our enemies and oppor tunists generally have bereft of all definite meaninR. ThLs is the mo3t important provision in the Bill that I had the honor of introducing lasb session, and which I temporarily withdrew owing to the late psriod of the session in which I introduced it. Of course, the provision was met with some ridicule upon its introduction, bub as ridicule is the first experience of all radical legislation, we feel justified in assuming that it will soon pass to its next stage, viz., that of uncompromising opposition, which is usually the prelude to success. For, indeed, ib is too late to ridicule the dirscfc veto. We have illustrious advocates of the principle in other countries. The Conservative Parliament) of 1891 in England passed the second reading of the Direct Veto Bill for Wales by a majority of 7. We have on our side such men as Glad stone, Harcourt, Morley, Canon Wilbefforce, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, and Thomas Burt, and the late Cardinal Manning was its ardent advocate. Tbe direct veto is also a plank in the platform of the Liberal party in England, and already Mr. Gladstone has given notice of a Bill in this direction. Hence sneers come too late, especially in a democratic country like this. (Hear, hear.) Though as an Alliance we are going directly for the power of the direob veto, our attitude towards other reforms is consistent and friendly. We will support any scheme which promises to lessen the evils of the drink traffic, provided that suoh scheme does not obstruct our path way, and does nob appear as a siren to mislead us. We are prepared to consider any scheme of licensing reform if it is oleatly understood that no such system shall come into force until the people are consulted as to whether they wish for any licenses at all. H the direct veto,-* is granted but not exercised, then undoubtedly some Licensing Board is required, and we are prepared to use our good offices to secure the best board available. We are prepared to assist in making Sunday-olosingeffeotive, in re ducing the hours of sale in favor of employes, even to the adoption of the eight-houra system or even less. We are prepared to assist publi cans in shutting up shebeens and clubs and sly drinking dens, and of keeping children free from its temptations. (Hear, hear.) Our movement is a reform movement, and we are driven in times like these to consider our rela tion to other reform movements. Our atti tude as an Alliance at the ballot-box hitherto has been to vote irrespective of patty— we do not ally ourselves to any one or more parties. Whatever our individual sympathies may be— and I think my own are fairly well known — our attitude as an Alliance is to know no party. Hence we may be found supportincr a 'Tory' in one district), a ' Labor member' in another, and a ' moderate' in another. We have no prejudice against any man's religion. We have friends and enemies in all denomina tions. But if anyone will think for a moment he will clearly see that in our fight against a huge monopoly we must have the support of those opposed to monopolies in general. Ib does not follow that we shall have the opposi tion of those engaged in defending other mono polies than that of drink. It is discouraging to us to see that in the programme of the National Defence League there is nob one word with regard to temperance reform. The same remark applies to the Young Men's Political Association. In the labor platform there is also not one reference, though their advocacy of a 'referendum' is only another way of introducing local option. Let ua trust that we shall, like other compact bodies, cleave all these other bodies if we are consistent, as I trust we may be, and I have such faith in humanity that I little fear bub what the best men elected from all these parties will be found upon our side. (Hear, hear.) But) the face that drink is a powerful cause of poverty musb nob be ignored by the social re former, for drinking is by no meani confined to the involuntary poor, bub to a very large extenb to those who have no fear of poverty before their, eyes. The truth is, all sooial reforms musb proceed together. Leb usfirsb grasp the principle of justice and seek for jus tice, and then all really worthy reformers will be found kait in one strong phalanx for the removal of political and social injustice. Time will not permit nie to deal with other subjeots bearing upon our movement, as I am detaining you unduly long. Woman's suffrage calls for notice, bub I cannob stay to consider it. If we follow justice woman's suffrage musb secure our vote, and I maintain that so long as women are disfranchised justice does not reign. A3 an Alliance we unfeignedly rejoioe that women are throwing themselves into the work of rescue and the W.G.T.U., under those noble women, Miss Frances E. Willard and Lady Somerset, are putting to shame the apathy and timidity of other workers. (Hear, hear.) We are pleased to notice the renett'ed activity amongst bands of hope. This is the most important branch of the moral suasion movement, and ib is a matter for regret that the Band of Hops Union is nob so blessed with funds and workers aa to make greater progress. Secure the children and you secure the f ature. Let us all hope that the Bind of Hope Union may become a power for good, and thab the workers amongst them may rise to a full realisation of the importance of their work. The Woman's C.T.U. has become a great and effective power, and works with wonderful persistence and holy zeaL But I would respectfully advance the opinion thab a more vigorous institution should arise from the ashe3 of the Total Abstinence League to take thoroughly into its hands the work of educating the people generallv into the advantages of total abstinence. (Sear, hear.) It ia a matter for congratulation that the temperance movement has broken down to a large extenb the icy opposition of the church, and thab glowing embers are found iu many of them where glaciers previously existed, bub one is amazed to find even now ministers of religion bowing the knee before the shrine of Bacchus. Bub the day U dawning, the long night of tem peranoa agitation is passing into day, the spectres and ghosts of the darkness are gone, the fogs of doubt are lifting, and as the rays of the coming sun dispel the gloom we recognise that the victory is oure, that unexpected allies have joined our ranks, thab the days of this monopoly are numbered. The formidable army arrayed against us is molting away, and though ere the mid-day sun shall shine upon the field we may have been called henoe, yet ib shall shine upon a sober and a happy people. (Hear, hear.) Mr, E Houitslow moved — 'That the best thanks of the meeting be given to the Hon. Dr.. Magarey, ML.C , for his very able address.' Mr. E. Aixcock seconded and Mr. Dowie and Mrs. Niciiolls supported the motion, which was unanimously carried. THE EVENING MEETING. In the evening the annual procession took place. The cortege assembled at the Rechabite Hall, Grote street, Mr. M. H. Madge beiDg marshal, whilst Messrs. M. Wood Green and W. E. Hounslonr walked in front of the procession. A large number marched and there were three band?, which rendered pleasing music at intervals. The procession left the Rechabite Hall and marched through the prinoipal streets of the city and then returned to the Town Hall. Among tho3e in the pro cession were the Women's Christian Tem perance Union, the Sons of Temperance, the Rechabites, the Salvation Army, Good Tem plars, members of the Alliance, and others. The evening meeting took place at the Town Hall, which was well attended. The president of the Alliance (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C ) occupied the chair, and there were ako on the platform the Hon. Dr. Cjokburn, M P , Mr. J. A. McPhereon, M.P., the Reva. G. E. Rowe and F. Hastings, Messrs. J. M. Dowie, M. H. Madge, W. E. Hounslow, Major Hoa kins, M. Wood Green (secretary), and Mr3. Nieholis, of the W.C.T.U. The Chairman said people often a3ked— What do you fanatics really want? Whab they really did want was that the people living in a locality should be consulted before a license was granted there for the sale of liquor. Thia was the direct veto. They hoped at some time to redu 3e the number of licenees until there were none left at all. It musb be clearly under sfcood thab they intended to work for restric tion of the liquor traffic. Whab they wanted was national prohibition. The direcb veto was obtaining the support of a number of lead ing politicians throughout) the world. Mr. Gladstone bad given ib hia support, and the pro mise he had made on the hustings had been car ried out by the introduction of his new Prohi bition Bill. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. F. W. Hastings moved— That this meeting 'rejoices in tbe suocesa wbic'i under the Divine blessing b*a attended the efforts ot tba South Australian Allian-aa during the past eight years, and hereby promise to continue and wnere possiblfl increase ita fiaanehd sup port to the association ; that while rejoioiDg in tbe existence ot Vca entire Sunday closing lav, yet believing thin the bona fide traveller and lodger olause leads to frequent evasion and is really nob necesssary, oills upon tha Legislature to enact such reetriutioaa and penalties as will prevent tba law from beiog deliberately and perastently broken ; tbie meeting further exprea es its conviction tbat the peop'e b&ve; the riant to control tne liquor traffic, and therefore asks tbe Legirl tture to pa a tucn it measure during the cqnjingr tesnon as will five to the people the full powers ef loQil veto over all liquor license', acd also to prevent ih« gale of liquor to children 'and young psrsons. He would only deal with the laab clause. They did not want merely restriction, but the entire suppression of the liquor traffic. They had to educate the people up to ib, and they would also have to educate the legislators. By I training the children from their youth to abhor liquor the difficulty would be overcome. An hotelkeeper had told him a lit tie while ago thab the liquor traffic in Adelaide wa3 very de pressed. He considered this wa3 the mosb cheerful information be had received for some time. (Hear, hear.) He spoke strongly against the habit of sending children to hotels for liquor, aa by thi3 oceans they were led into temptation. In Liverpool ib was a criminal action to sell liquor to children under 14 years. This was badly wanted in South Aus tralia. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. G. E. Rowe, who seconded the motion, wished the Alliance 'God speed in the year before them.' Their work was to en deavor to educate the people up to their way of thinking. If they all held the same opinion with respect to the liquor traffic there would be prohibition. (Hear, hear.) They should study the desires and tastes of the people. Man was a gregarious animal, and he wished for some place wherein to meet his friends, while at the same time he required something to drink to make the meeting more sociable. Ib would bheref ore become necessary for them to form centres in the cities .and townships where these social gatherings could be held, and they would also draw people away from the public-houses. The Prime Minister of England and his Cabineb were pledged up to the hilt to pass a restriction Bill, and there had never been a more favorable period in England in which to take this step. There were no greater supporters of the movement in England than Burns, Tillett, and Mann, the labor representatives, and by abstaining from the habit themselves they were doing much good amongst the masses. Small wages and long hours he contended had considerable effect in fostering drunkenness, as the workers were dissatisfied, and ib was noticeable thab where the men and women were obtaining better wages the homes were more comfortable and perfectly happy. (Hear, hear.) iae tion. ur. vjockblum, wno was warmiy received, said that was nob the first time he had appeared there, as for years he had been a worker and sympathiser with them. (Hear, hear.) He was with them as a medical man and aa a political man and from both stand points he regarded their work as a necessity. (Hear, hear.) He confessed, however, that he stood there with mingled feelings, as they had been told that the old banner was to be buried. Personally he confessed to a liking for the term 'local option,' because ib exactly expressed the opinion that the people living in a district were those .best qualified to control local affairs. (Hear, hear.) Autonomy and home rule were the orders of the day. (Hear, hear.) They, however, musb be careful nob to travel too fasb and get away from the people. (Hear, hear.) He would nob dwell on the resolution, bub was glad to have that oppor tunity of saying how muoh he sympathised with them and to say that he wished the organisation all the success ib deserved and thab was saying a great deal. (Hear, hear. ) Tfce Chairman said Dr. Cookburn's speech was the best that had been delivered thab evening in favor of the total veto. (Hear, hear. ) Mr. J. A. McPhkhson, M.P., said the tem perance was one of the questions tbat had to be disposed of before the great social problem could be settled. (Hear, hear.) He said when they considered the long hours, the poor wages, and the uncertainty of employment of many of the workers the wonder was that there was not more intemperance. Men would go where there was brightness and where they could meet their friends .and chat, and to meet this they must, establish bright cheerful temperance club9 where men could meet in friendly con verse. (Hear, hear.) As a practical tesb as to whether the people wanted the liquor trade suppressed the referendum should be called into requisition. So far as tbe workers were concerned they were in sympathy with them, but they did not want their personal liberty to be absolutely taken from them unless they gave them an opportunity of saying whether they desired ib or nob. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried. Major Hoskiss said any. sect or any body could always rely on the Salvation Army to assist in the suppression of the drink traffic. The Army spoke with'no unceitain sound on the drink question, and aa regarded the elec tion although they did nob perhaps talk as much as some people they voted 'for the men who spoke out unmistakably. (Hear, hear.) He proposed a vote of thanks to the ohairman and all those who had assisted ab the meeting. Mr. E. Hocnslow seoonde the motion which was carried. During the evening musical selections were rendered by Mr. Harvey, who sang 'Simon the cellarer,' and MUs Fuller the 'Wood- nymph's call,' whilst an effective orchestra under the conducborship of Mr. F. J. Pash greatly contributed to the pleasure the gathering. 