[?] THE HOUSE BYJTHE COMMON. (By Thomas Oobb.) CHAPTER IX.— CONTINUED. ; I could think of these problems sepa rately ; I did think of them until my head was ready to split, but there seemed . no connecting link between them. I ' could not bring one fact in. relation to another, and my recent conference with Mrs Hutchins had left me more be* wildered and more uneasy 'than ever. ' Late as it was I presently set off to Donaldson's, and he admitted me in person. ' ? ' The women have gone to bed,' he said. 'Come ia my dear fellow, come in.' 1 What news from The Friars V I asked, preceding him to the dining- room.' . ? Worse,' he said, 'decidedly worse. It is exactly as I foretold. By- the-by, I suggested the consultation ? ' ' Yea,' I cried, eagerly. 1 No objection wa3 offered until your name was mentioned. It is a rather difficult matter to explain ; in fact, what MrB Manninjsrttee said was not entirely complimentary. In short, if she had a second opinion at all, it must be that, of a London man. As she said she was quite, satisfied with my conduct of the' case, and as having a London man down would not benefit you— why, I gracefully ate my words and backed out of the suggeB tion.' 'And she is worse, you say V ' Sinking fast.' Imploring him to communicate, with '?' we after seeing Dora again I left the house, and reached home in a condition bordering on madness. I rose on Sunday morning after a night - of sleepless tossing. Being in the habit of paying as few visits as possible on that day I sat later than usual over my break fast, swallowing cup after cup of tea, and little else. The sun shone brightly on the! common ; a few nursemaids were already out with their yqung^ charges ; the Salvation Army's . band struck dis cordantly on my ear, and presently the church balls began to ring, and people passed in twos and threes, while I stared out of window listlessly. At about ten minutes to eleven a man stopped at my gate, and entering the / apology' for a garden, rang the bell. He was a tall, florid, middle-aged man, of burly figure ; his hair and short beard were red, his long upper lip was shaven. Well dressed, his clot heB were noticeably new, while his diamond scarf pin, his heavy gold chain, seemed to advertise his wealth. A few minutes later I was entering the consulting room, assuming that he was a visitor who desired medical advice. He did not look ill, it is true, but neither do a . good many patients. ' You don't know me, and I don't know you,' he began, resting his hat and gloves on my writing table, before Beating him Belf in the chair which I placed. 'I have'nt come for any physic either ; never took a dose of physic in my life.' I bowed, which was the utmost that could be expected from me. 'I am Mr Cartwrigbi, Mr James' Cart wright, he continued. Recognising the name as that of Las celles's visitor of-Monday, and being ready to clutch any chance of gaining further information concerning the household at TheFriars, I became 'at once interestedin ' . every word he said. 'I hear you've been attending someone at a place called The Friars,' he said. 'How,' what I want to ask you is about a * party by the name of Lascelles. Lascelles he calls himself now ; I want to know whether he ever called himself anything else ; Roberts, for instance.' 'I attended Mr. Lascelles's brother- in- ,'??.-.' law,' I replied. 'Oolonel Manningtree . ' died during the first week in July, and I \ have not spoken to Lascelles since the day of the funeral. . May I ask, in my turn, what prompts your question?' 'That's a long story, doctor.' * My time is unoccupied this morning,' I suggested. ' 1 am prepared to liaten as ; long as you are prepared to talk.' ? It struck me that he was by no means averse to discusa the subject, and, after « few explanatory phrases, he began as ' \ follows :— . 'Yes, it'* a long Btory, and tha ru« part of it ia that it's nothing to do with Mr Lascelles after all, as far as I can make out. I've come here on a wild- goose chase, doctor — two wild-goose chaae3, for '/? I've been down once before. But this isn't getting along with the story. I'm bound to go pretty far back, or else you won't make head or tail of it. I was born at ForeBt Row, close to Ashdown Forest. I can't go back further than that, can I ? You can see the forest from your common over there. When I left home, a lad of eighteen, I hadn't what you can call a trade. I was a day labourer then ; you see' what I am now.1 He extended his arms proudly. * I went to Australia ; in those days a man could man make his way in the world. I made my way, and as soon as I turned myself I thought of the old folks I had left behind. You Bee, I hadn't gone away quite on the square. Wheu I had been in Australia ten years, I wrote to them, enclosing a trifle, and mother ?wrote back. Five years ago mother died, and I knew father whb too old by this time to do much . work. He wasn't a scholar, -.and I 'got no more news of him. You know how it is with a man, doctor ; I had a wife and a boy of my own, I sent a little help when I thought of it, but whether he or somebody else got the money I didn't know. Two years ago I lost my boy— as fine a fellow, as ever breathed, sir — and grief for him killed his mother. I stuck on for a year or two, but I couldn't fill up:the blank ; and by-and-by I seemed to grow homesick somehow — just like a child, though I was a man. To make a long story shorter, I got to London three weeks ago, and the next day I took the train, to Forest Row. Lord ! how strange it all seemed. I've seen halfa dozen log cabins grow into' a town in a -yearf or two. I had made a new little wofcld of my own and lost it. Yet here was the same Eleepy village I had left thirty years ago with the same jog-trot ways, the very same cottages —it might be the same boys and girls and men and women. If they had told me the old man was dead I might have bo Sieved them ; but when they said he ha gone aw»y a week before — it was to much; It- was true enough, though, and I'll tell you how he went. About the 24th of June, as nearly as I can make out, a parson chap came to the village and put up at the Forest Hotel. He went by the name of Roberts— a dark, lanthorn- jawed chap, they tell me ; and one day he Btopped to speak to my old man outside the'cpttage door. Father had f given up work; and with the money I sent and * what he. got from the' parish he just managed to scrape along. Well, doctor, this parson chap soon learned all about him, how his only son was abroad and never likely to return, ho w he had neither kith nor kin besides, and all about his complaints. This Reverend Roberts soon began to take an interest in him. My old man ^wasn't the first old chap in the village he had spoken to. He gave him money* and byand-by, so father told the neighbours, offered to provide for him altogether. Not that he had much the matter : with him in my young days — a grand-looking man was father. You may guess' he took a deal of moving, but I guppose life was dear to him like it ia to most of us, though he didn't seem to have much ; to' live for. To cut it short, he ?went ; and what's more, he didn't leave a single trace1 behind him. Well, I meant finding him. I don't believe in your philanthropists, as you call them. , 1 travelled up to London, arid I went straight to Mr Polloy. Mr Polloy's a detective, about as sharp as as they make ?em ; you may have seen his advertise ments. All 1 knew was, that my old man hadleftvForest Row on the evening of the 28th oi June; but after he had had the case in hand a day or two, he said he traced this Reverend Roberts to a house at Tunbridge Wells called The Friars/ * To ??' Mrs Mariningtree's house,' I ex claimed. ' Just that, doctor. Polloy had to go north on5a divorce job, and wouldn't be back ? till to-morrow night— that meant, waiting a week, you see — so I thought I would; juiit take a run down to see this parson 'chap myself. I might have waited for all£ the good -I did. I went to The Friars bii Monday, and found Polloy was wrong for once in his life. No Mr Roberta was known there, nor ever had been. 'I i£? saw Mr LascelleB, a civil-spoken gent ?nough,- and, of -course, I apologised for troubling, him. - He took it in good part, and there ;was an end of the matter, as I thoughts V* ^n' ?'?:????:*? '? ? ? ' ?'? ' Theo may I ask why you have ques tioned me about Laacplles to-day V I said, feeling like one who knows by the walls around him that he has entered a maze, but who sees no prospect of ever getting out of it; . ?.Well,, you see,' Mr Cartwright con tinued, 'I wrote off to Polloy, pointing out his mistake, and he wires quite huffish -like, saying it was me who had blundered, not him ; that Lascelles wa3 Roberta, and he would prove it directly he got back. He says he will get here to morrow night ; bat, thinks I, if there's anything to be found out why shouldn't I find it, instead of letting Polloy take a grin ah me. So I took the train down from London last night, and finding out at the Kentish that you had attended someone at The Friars, 1 thought I would just take the liberty of dropping in.' ? Of course,' I replied, ? it is impossible to form an opinion until ^ne hears on what evidence Mr Polloy forms his opinion.' ' These detectives are so infernally mysterious, doctor,' said Mr Cartwright. .' Afraid of making themselves too cheap, I suppose, 'At all events/ I suggested, 'I am at leestas eager as you are to hear further particulars. On the face of it, the story sounds improbable. I suppose there would be no objection to my seeing Mr Polloy ? ' 'Oh, dear, no. If you like I'll bring him round to-morrow night, He may be late, but as you seem to have an interest in the business, perhaps that . won't matter.' ' Bring hin?, by all means,' I answered, ' and never mind the hour. May I rely upon seeing Mr Polloy to-morrow at some time V 1 You may, doctor ; depend on me,' he Baid, and taking his hat and gloves, he left me. CHAPTER X.— MR P0LT.OY. . Though I should have been puzzled to know why, I did nothing but look forward to the morrow. There seemed little hope of to-morrow's bringing me aught of good, yet I longed to get rid of to-day. There were one or two coincidences in Mr Cartwright's story which it was impossible to ignore, but, more important than everything '?„ else, 3 remembered Dora's words- on Tuesday. She, in what I believed- her infatuation; had declared that Mrs Manningtreo's actions had been influenced by Cartwright's appearance at The Friars, just as she had declared that some awful fate awaited herself. Although terrible suspicions were gain ing strength in my mind, I could not yet see a way through the surrounding mist. I was able no more to think clearly than to act, whilst inaction seemed to paralyze me. It seemed impossible that any human being could desire to injure Dora. There was no reason, not even a mercenary one. Nobody would gain ra farthing by her death. ' That she, or someone going by her name, lay at the point of death was the only thing certain amidst so much doubt. This wan the one facb 'on which I could depend ! Slowly the day passed, and the next, morning I e°as in Dr. Smith's dining room before Donaldson finished bis break fast. He rose as abruptly as if I were the ghost of a neglected patient. 'My dear fellow, you look ill, posi tively ill ! What on earth is the matter? Have some coffae V ' Never mind me ; how is your patient V I asked, eagerly. ? Very bad at eight o'clock larat night,' he replied, sitting down again. ? I doubt whether Bhe will get through the day. Look here, Everest, if you're not careful I shall have another patent before long.' 'Tell me this?' I exclaimed. «You have been a good many times to the. house. How many inmates have you seen ? ' ? Only Mr Lascelles and the widow,5 he answered. ?_$' ' No servants^?— ?* ' Lascelles generally lets me in himself,' he said. * Of course, he and Mrs Man ningtree are vfery anxious. I generally find one or the other on the look out for my arrival.' ' You have not heard any mysterious sounds in the house — cries, or strange noises of - any kind ? ' 'The only things mysterious within my experience of the case are your questions, Everest. Pay attention to me, my dear fellow. You are driving the machine too fast ; you are overworking yourself ; you want a change. Now^ like a sensible chap, take it, before it is -too late.' . y I broke into a laugh, which sounded hollow enough, at the sight of his solemn face, and left the house an abruptly n I had entered it. How I got through that day, I do not know. What absurdities I was guilty of — how many patients I forgot, I am ashamed to recollect. But in some way the hours slipped by, and as each one passed I ticked it oOE in my mind as one less for Donaldson's patient to live. After dinner on this Monday evening, I went to the consulting room and gave orders that I was ' not at home' to any body but Bfr Cartwright and Mr Polloy. Now that the hour of Polloy's visit w«ns so close, I was not in a fifc state of mind to receive patients. It was nearly nine o'clock when, the door opening, I turned in my chair and saw a short, thin, wiry looking man, cleanly shaven, cloaaly cropped, and with a nose as sharp aB a terrier's. He wore a dark suit of an uri noticeable colour, and carried in one hand a black billycock hat, in the other a pair of gloves and a cane. Asked to guess his calling, I should have answered that he was a stud-groom or a jockey. 'My name's Polloy, Dr. Everest. I think Mr Cartwright mentioned it yester day.' 'He did,' I said pointing to a chair, ' and he promised to bring you here this evening.' ' Humph ! 1 preferred to come alone Mr Cartwright made a mistake, sir.' 'Indeed. Then has he discovered his father after all V I enquired, with some disappointment. ' I don't mean what you mean,' Mr Polloy continued. 'He ought to have waited for me, that's all. I left Scar borough only this morning, so I didn't lose much time in town. Mr Oartwright didn't convince you that luiscelles and Roberts are one and the same man, Dr. Everest1?' 'I had only the bare assertion,' I re plied. 'That was scarcely^ sufficient. Everything depends on .tfie evidence which connects the two mehi'' : '? '????'? ?i~r» ?' 'There's only one man, sir. But you shall judge for yourself. The fact is I want some information from you, and 'tis only fair I should give and take— give and take, Dr. Everest. I started with the knowledge that Roberts and old Mr Cai\t wright travelled from Forest Row by the Brighton line on the evening of the twenty-eighth of June.' He placed his hat on the knob of ; his cane and, as he spoke, occasionally swung it round. 'Now there were odds on their going to London — more people do go to London than any where else. When a cab leaves a big station, its driver calls out his destination to an official at the gate. Perhaps you know that. I got Beveral addresses from the gate-keeper at Victoria,- and followed them up till I heard of a parson and an old countryman at number - ?? - ^ ? -? Ebury street, Pimlico. The day after the arrival, on the twenty-ninth of June, it aeenis that the old man was rigged out in a suit of black, and that night, being Wednesday, he drove from Ebury-Btreet at eleven o'clock. I searched the rooma and found in the fireplace a screw of paper. It waa a milliner's bilT receipted, On enquiry at the shop, I learned that they had sent a black crape bonnet with a widow's veil to The Friars, near the common, Tunbridge Wells. The box was directed to Mrs Manningtree, and was sent off on the first of July.' ' The day before I was called to Colonel Manningtree,' I murmured. ' Wait a minute, sir ; on Wednesdays, and on Wednesdays only, a special train leaves Charing Cross for Tunbridge Wells. By leaving Ebury -street at 11 or there abouts, Roberts would just about have caught it at 11 -42. Well, Dr. Everest, what do you, think now V 'TFpon my word I don't know what to think,' I replied, feeling remarkably un comfortable 1 If you'll pardon me, sir, don't thixik anything just yet. I don't know whether you're in a hurry ? ' ' Nothing on earth is so' important to me as the business you have come about,' I exclaimed, and for the first time I saw Polloy glance sharply at my face. ' You understand what that businefls is, sir: to find Mr Cartwright's father, dead or alive. I know a good deal, and I sus pect more, but I begin to think there's something else in the background. I see, you know more about these people at The Friars than you cared to tell Mr Cart wright. To begin at the beginning : when did you first make the acquaintance of Mr Lascellr.3?' 'On the 2nd of July,' I .answered. ' He fetched me to Colonel Manningtree about eight o'clock in the evening.' ... ' 'You had never seen Coloael Manning tree before — never set eyes on him V . ' Certainly not,' I replied. ' What was his complaint, sir V ' Apoplexy—he died two days later ; on the Monday.' 'Now, Bir, do you happen to know who were in the house at the time— the servants and the whole boiling of thorn 1 ' There were no servants,' I said. '(I believe there had been a rebellion in the camp ; all the servants had left, and their places were taken by one woman, assisted now and then by her daughter. Besides this woman, there were only LaBcelles, Mrs Manningtree and the Colonel.' 'How did it come to your knowledge that there had been this bother with the servants, Dr. Everest V 'I heard of it some time later,' I con tinued. ' I must explain that I called at three on Monday, the 4th of July, and found Colonel Manningtree dead. As soon as we returned to the drawing-room from seeing the body, Miss Manningtrea drove up to the door. ' Telegraphed for V he inquired casu ally. 'No,' I aLowered, 'in the flurry of Colonel Manningtree's sudden illness, she was forgotten. At all events they did not wire for her.' 'Then she returned unexpectedly to hear of her father's death V ' Yea. Of course it was a terrible blow for her. She had left him apparently in good health a few weeks. previously.' 'And where was the nurse all this, time, Dr. Everest,' asked Mr .Polloy, placing; his hat on the floor, between his feet £b' if for'the expreaB purpose of rub bing his palms together. ' Of course there waa a nurse V ; ',Mr|;Mja.nnin^tree elected to nurs3 her 'huJ^ani'V herself,' I informed him. ;ije'-d-ow his chair close to mine and leaped forward. 'Now lam gping to ask ycu a rather important question, Dr. Everest. Can you tell me when Miss Manningtree first saw her father's body V 'During the night of her return,' I replied, with but an indistinct idea whither these questions were tending ; as I answered them my thoughts constantly wandered to Donaldson's patient. ' During the night V he repeated. 'On her arrival she waa so upset by the news of Colonel Manningtree's death, that her stepmother would not let her go to his room until she had rested, I ex plained. ' She retired for the night with the promise t'nat she should Eea her father in the morning. But a little before dawn, she was awakened by what she thought were sounds of digging, followed by crier, which Bhe took for Colonel Manningtres's. She went to his room, determined to make sure that her father was really dead ;?? bhe door waa locked, but she opened it with another key. On raising the sheet which covered the body, she saw — or fancied she saw — a face that was not Colonel Manningtree's. When she told ma about it — in this very room the following morn ing—I tried to convince her that aba. was the victim of ..an hallucination, that'-if ? Bhe went a second time to the room sho would be undeceived.' 'And waa she V asked Mr Polloy, with surprising calmness. ' Everything, happened S3 I foretold. Mrs Manning!.) eo took her to the room immediately t.!jo returned, and she was convinced that the body on the bed was G^lonel Maningtree's after alJ.' ' Then, Dr. Everest, it did not occur to yon that the body might have been changed V Great. Heaven, no !' I exclaimed. 'How could it have been changed. I knew that the body was that of my patient ; I had seen it immediately after death.' ' But,' he said, quite gaily, ' how if the man who had the fit waa not Colonel Manningtree, how if the man Miss Mat* ningtree saw in the night was not Colonel Manningtree, but I am interrupting you, 1 and I want to hear a little more yet. You tell me, or do I misunderstand you, that MiBS Manningtree, heraelf, was convinced that she had made a mistake during the night!' 'Ultimately, she became convinced,' I explained. ? At first she insisted that she had seen a different body on each occa sion- ' 'You appear to have seen Miss Man ningtree since you saw Mr Lascellee,' he i remarked, drily. 'You told Mr Oarfc I wright you had not seen Lascelles since ' the funeral.' ? ? ' «. ''Yes/I replied, 'I have seen Misb ? Manningtree since. The trouble is,' I I ' added with an irrepressible outburst, I « that I am never likely to see bur again. I She is ill— dying ; and yet— and yet -I I cannot believe it.' I I was recalled to myself by a prolonged I whistle from Mr Polloy. ? I; 'Who is her doctor? he asked, quite I eagerly now. l\Oi course, they did not send for you again.' \- Dr. Donaldson— ?' ?How long has he been at Tunbndge Wells?1 . « He arrived in the town two days be fore Lascelles fetched him to The Friars,' I I said. 'He iB acting as Dr. Smith's I locum. When he toid me about the case I I waa dumbfounded. It was last Friday : j he said she was dying from phthisis ; on the previous Tuesday, I had left her to all appearances well.' « What did you do V he aaked. '« What could I do ? I interviewed the old woman who acted as servant during the daytime ? ' . ' Oh, then they have not suited them selves with servants yet, Bir 1 1 They were going abroad,' I answered, ' but on Monday they altered their inten tions. Miss Manningtree herself attri buted the alteration, as I thought without ' sufficient reason, to Mr Oarfcwright's visit on that day.' * Well; and what had the woman to i Bay for herself, Dr. ETerest V I'. ' It appears that she also heard strange i sounds in the house at the time of Colonel r Manningtree's death. Superstitiously, s she accepted them as a warning. Strangely i| enough Bhe had heard somewhat similar i sounds again.' ' « Ah,' Baid Mr Polloy, ' I am a great I'1 believer in ghosts myself, they're useful ' in our trade.' ,,,,-, : - Unfortunately,' I continued, she had I Heen nothing of .the girl ? ' ! « Of what girl V he demanded, as if he j would snap me up. « I was about to tell you that on Thurs day night, the night before Dr. Donald son was called to The Friars, I saw Mrs Manningtree alight from a fly on Rusthall Common at midnight, more than a quar | ter of 9. mile from her own door. Accom ! panying her was a girl who I thought was Miss Manningtree, until 1 heard from the charwoman that Mibs Mahningtree was at The Friars that evening. I saw the pair enter the houBe, and I noticed a light in one of the upper roomB, which had ; been disused since the dismissal of the servants/ ' Without comment he rose, glanced at his watch, re-buttoned his coat, and picked up his hat. * ?* You have nothing else to tell me, Dr. i . Everest}' , ; ? ?? ? i 'Only that I am entirely in the dark,' ! I answ- red. ' I cannot see daylight any ; where, yet I have the irritating con ; aciousness that I am separated from it by ! a very slight obstruction. I cannot believe that Mias Manningtree is dying yet I cannot disbelieve Dr. Donaldson.' «It'ia true,' said Polloy, quietly. ' Her life hangs by a thread. It is past ten o'clock; there is no time to be lost. I will get you to take me to the house.' As I followed Mr Polloy into the road a woman approached. 'Dr. Everest/ she said, hesitatingly, and held out a letter. 'From Dr. Donaldson, sir.' I eagerly tore it open, and striding to the nearest lamp post, read the note by ita light. ' Dear Everest (it ran), 1 have ]ust left The Friars. Miss Manningtree died at nine o'clock this evening.— Yours, Godfrey Donaldson.' (To be continued.) A portrait by Titian of Columbus is said to have beeu discovered in Naples, . and is causing a great seiiBationV It is to be Bent to Chicago. 