THE WORLD OF LABOUR. The total credit balance of the A S.U. on December 31st, 1892, was -£8874 4s. 5d. The N.Z. Government is initiating the appointment of women factory inspec tors. Salary £300 a year. Six thousand unemployed workers have their names on the Sydney Labour Bureau books with no prospects of a job. Brisbane Eight Hour Day, this year on the world-wide Labour Day May I, has been proclaimed a public holiday. The Victorian government sacks 180 teachers for retrenchment yet refused to cut the useless Governor's salary to £7,000 a year. At the half-yearly meeting last week of the Victorian Amalgamated Millers' Association it was decided to uphold union wages at all costs. ? A ballot of tho-Holoneburg (N.S.W.) miners on the arbitration award has very properly resulted in the withdrawal of the notice of non-acceptance. The decision of last years' A. S.U conference -- to — r*fer certain important questions to a general vote of members has given immense satisfaction throughout the Union. Bbisbane unemployed workers con tinue to swarm the Government Labour Bureau with no earthly show of a job, and the M'llwraith Government is not be stirring itself to provide any, though much public work is urgently required. Acting Governor (N.S.W.) Darley advisee the Sydney Young Women Chris tians to agitate for factory legislation to deprive benevolent capitalists _of the right to work women and girls under conditions that yield big profits, but destroy the health and morals of the workers. Carriers and teamsters throughout' the colony should take particular notice of the advertisement in Notification column from the N.Q. Carriers Union warning carriers and others against being drawn into the squatters' snare to cut rates ana generally ma.lr« hhinga wnkm, ? N.S.W. Building contractors who are conspiring to out wages It. a day and lump on an additional four hours a wook are making a sortie on the Sydney house painters at the new buildings of the Water and Sewerage Board. NTfce out of ton painters are out of work, consequently wages are going down at the rate of 10a. a week, this, too, on a publio job At the eighth annual meeting of the Victorian Employers' Union the only part of their doings made public was by the ohairman, who in moving the adoption of the report said that so far as they were oonoeraad no strikes had taken place, and that in conjunction with the Chamber of Commerce' some scheme would be devised by which strikes and lockouts might be done away with.' ? T.JF** Centeal Executive Queensland Labour Parly are reprinting~on specially good papsr last week's front page of Worker with several formal alterations. Secretaries of organisations can procure copies for distribution in the various electorates at 2s. 6d. per 100 (post paidj. Every political organisation should procure copies and assist to down the land-grab At the meeting of South Australian and West Darling squatters at Wiloannia, worked up by Stirling and WhitelyKing, secretaries of the S.A. and N.S.W. squatters' associations it was resolved that: Daring the ensuing shearing season the rate of wages to be paid in this district for SbeS kands be the same as the rates fixed at Broken Hill— namely, 25b. per week, with the usual rations, or 7s. a day, the men to find their own rations and cook.' Also, that the system of issuing discharge certificates to all station employees be adopted in this district. The Sydney Conference Agreement between the Sonthern pastoralists^ and th« A.S.U. — has— Ht*ean almost Tinwersjdly adopted, even those sheepowners who' are not connected with, the Pastoralists* Union accenting it. Thus, during the^Mwt year, there lias been a complete and thorough recognition of the A.S.U.— a position of things which must be highly gratifying to all connected with that organisation. At no previous time in its existence, indeed, has_ the A.S.U. held a more satisfactory. position, whether viewed from a finanoial or numerical standpoint. The last A. S.U. Conference places on record its sense of the utter futility of strikes under the present conditions of society, when the whole machinery of government is monopolised by capitauslii/ and the labour market presents a spectacle of unexampled congestion. It further agrees that the many evils of society are far too deeply seated to be remedied by the appliances of old Unionism, and fully re ougnises that there can be no permanent reconciliation between Capital and Labour, or that lasting social peace and harmony which are essential to a nation's full prosperity and greatness, while the capi talist and the worker are distinct persons. The worker must be his own employer, and this can only be achieved by a full and effective system of co-operation. Novelist R. L. Stevenson is much wroth at Islanders captured in the W«a 'tern Pacific being called 'kanakas' and the Queensland slave trade being known as the ' Kanaka Traffic ' instead of the 'Labour Traffic,' because the word ' kanaka ' signifies 'a man not a ghost.' How very nice Bome of our friends are about empty nothings to be sure ! ' Man Traffic 'would be- good name for it, but then you wouldn't know whether they were captured in Polynesia or Africa, and as to 'Labour Traffic,' well! that could as aptly apply to the buying and selling of labour in any shape or form in any part of the world and would be as meaningless for. the special purpose of fixing the kanaka traffic as to talk of it as 'a mission for civilising the heathen.' A commutation of the sentences passed by Judge Jeffries Backhouse on the Broken ; Hill strike lenders has been made by the N.S.W. Government ip these terms: Herberle to be released when he has actually served six months; Hewitt and Polkinghome when they have served twelve months; and Sleath and Ferguson when they have served sixteen months. In each case the recommen dation is made subject to the condition that the prisoners' conduct in the meantime continues good. This is not justice nor is it mercy, and let not the unionists of Australia be lulled into lethargy by such bogus clemency. The men from Broken Hill as well as our mates in St. Helena we hold are guiltless of any crime save their unswerving loyalty to the cause of human brotherhood. An unconditional release must be demanded and will be obtained, if made with the 