— -- Welfflayed. xhapxer v. . rCbNTlKUKD.l 'T demand my property, repeated Jasper VeUsty. 44 I refuse to give p ijiese things, which are "by no means yours, and which Jam justified in retaining." 41 PJori't care to li&e; bad language," said the other, slowly, with self- possession, 41 but I slmll be forced to tell you that you have stolen those tilings and denied that they irereriD jour pos sesion. 41 He says that you're a thief and a l«nr, Base," sang out the captain, beginning io get -excited. 14 Are you going to swallow that?" Vivien's lips drew back Under his black moustache, till his white teslh showed ; with a quick movement he drew a revolver from behind nd would hare fired directly into his antago nist's heart had not Jasper;wUh a lightning movement, sent it flying across the room. 44 I don't want to quarrel with von. Mr. Vivien, but I must have those things. 1 must take them, if yon won't give them up." Before he had -said it he sprang fill his ad versary, and would hare wrenched the picture and letter from his grasp had not Basil flung them on the floor, and called out : 44 Take care of them for inp. Billings." TireWnk captain made ia dire and secured, ihem. As be picked rip the card he saw the faco photographed there, and something. like an oath broke from his lips. He staggered back to the window, where he instantly began to ex amine the letter, which he partially read, un mindful of the quarrel going on l>efr>re him. Mr. Vivien might have shouted for help; there were half a dozen lackers within call, hut he had his own reasons for not wishing -wit nesses of the scene. With a bound like that of a tiger Jasper sprang .on ithc revolver, and got it into his hand ; he then walked over to the man by the window, took the picture out of his grasp, tore the letter in two pieces hy trying to get that, too , leaped oat of the window, and went off unharmed and triumphant, with the precious photograph and half the letter. Vivien followed him through the window, and ran a little way afrer hini, calling out : 44 Here, here, Mr. Vclaskv, you can have the remainder of the letter since you seem to care so much about it, I'm not qnnrreliug with you, remember, though I can't say I consider your conduct gentlemanly. I am going to London, mid I thought to advertise the matter. But, of course, if you wish to bury it in obscurity — " 44 Briog me the rest of the letter if von choose "-and Jasper turned and waited, weapon in hand, while the proud gentleman went humbly luck for the torn portion remaining in the captain's hand, 44 He is afraid I will betrayshim to Miss C/vvclling," thought Velaskv. and he was right. 44 Here is your revolver, and I advise you not to I h' so reckless with it," he said, as Basil gave him the paper. 44 1, too, mn going to London ." 44 I wish he may drop dead before he gets there," was the gentle wish of Vivien as he looked & moment after the retreating figure of one whom lie felt he had most rnshlv made an enemy of. 44 What is lie going to the city so suddenly for ?" Well, at least he will not he in Miss Grovelling' vicinity." It was a lovely morning, and the masler of the place, as he slowly wulkcd baek, saw the towers of Vivien Villa glisten in the sun. the leaves of the lofty trees still wet with dew, moving lightly and shining, great clusters of roses looking up and laughing at the blue sky, tin uir of luxury and opulence about the house, and of freshness and swiftness in its surround ings. To own nil this gave him a thrill of jny and triumph, yet the feeling of satisfaction lived but a moment ; a look of core, of fear troubled his always pale face. A ghost had visited his last night's dreams for the first time — a ghost who had conic to dwell with him in this new house ; to be his companion night and day, to walk about the grand rooms, and flit from fountain to flower-lied, more owner of Vivien Place than he was himself. The phan tom of a young and beautiful girl drowning in .A ship' cabin, amid the coral reefs on a far -away ahorc. There were some very complicated and em barrassing circumstances connected .with his ownership of the great wealth which had enabled him to build this villa and lay out i these grouuds — circumstances which had made him never quite easy— nevcrquite secure in his : enjoyment ; Captain Billings had changed this uncertainty into positive security, absolute case and mastership — -yet, strange to, sny 'Basil Vivien would have gladly welcomed back yes terday's critical tenure of his possessions rather than henceforward to -be doomed to fellowship with this ghost. Only the ghost of a young and helpless girl, drowned quite by accident. He was walking in that dread company there in the brpad June sunshine when the nasal ring of the captain's voioe roughed- his ears, -which were tinging as jNhMoo, were ingulfed in deep Craters : 44 Hany yoar boots, Base, or we ehall miss our.rockoning — " <2aptail) Green Billings' talk was a mixtnre fqf ,,aB,sort's of people — half sailors, half land lubber's, and streaked all through with New Lngland twang and American slung; just as the man himself was a mixture of characters. 44 Your, buggy's been standin' to the' front door for five minutes. I'nrgoing to Lake my fceal. The decorators were busy with the boudoir intended for the fnture Mrs. Vivien ; there was a small array of men at work on the more distant grounds ; it was far from convenient for Mr. Vivien io leave to suddenly Jur an ah- eiK three days ; but he Lad no will of Ms -own 'in t&c; presence of this strange visitor, tie hurried forwant«w that his travelling bog -res finder the coachman's seat, got iu beside 4ie caputs, and they were off. 44 Jerusalem ! hut that's the right sort of a Mie ! -If there's pretty girl in that hunse vofi0Bgfat.to freeze -to her," remarked Billings, as > -whirling .f long -the smoqth road they caught passing ghmpse of /the massive stone txmerf>|be mawor-house riringcut of its world lordly trees. Vwiei cnade ho reply to .this happy sugges- hK>)«J>adc wistfully as he 2>oped . fjanoe hgbt jfigure, a lade, -whichfifiaiP t i rfipffighted up Uiose 4 heart. A yaldarwr— he had 'liqgun 'ifls aticntihus id -Miss Grovelling Itecauso she eras a great heiress, and of an old family, -find Irccausc Crevollirig Manor Jay teide Vivien Place ; Tic lind de liberately made liis plans to marry her tven he- fore tlie first ?>tonc of the new villa was laid. It surprised him this morning to feel all of a sudden a slniugv tenderness rolling up in his hard heart— yes, actually tears rising in his eves as he turned in the hope of catching the flutter of a white dress among the trees. He was. silent. all the way to the station, but Captain Billings talked fofast that lie did not siiffcr for the want of a response. The soft mood remained on Mr. Vivien, un til, jumpiug from his carriage at the station, he saw that impudent young land agent wulking wp and idomt the platform waiting fur the train. 44 What is the impertinent puppy going to do ?" he raged to himself, feeling furious be cause Vclfisky bad token the liberty of going to "London by the same train as himself. He watched, when the express thundered in, and felt infinitely relieved tn see two trunks go into the baggage van. 44 He must have thrown up his place at the manor. Good ! He is gnlg ®wny to stoy. _Hc must have_mnde this move ou purpose to oblige me 1" Basil's spirits rose at the prospect of getting rid of one who could not possibly have been his rival, and yd whom he hated and feared. And so tlie two men — whose interests vrere more opposed and yet more intricately blended than either litii any reason to suppose-7-traveled , in-iUe satue'-tnriu to London,' and enteral that great city by the snme door. Mr. Vivien and his queer American friend were driven to a fashionable hotel. Mr. V dusky and his two trunks were token by n cab into nn ancient portion of the citv to nu old-fashioned inn in a dilapidated, but semi- respectsble court. The night, so deliriously sweet and warm in the rose-gardens of tin; manor-house, was hot und oppressive in town. Jasper Vclncky hod sonic ten nnd tnnst in his bedroom, und putting out the smoky flume of iu's tallow candle, lie snl down by the open window and leaned his bend out for n breath of air. The room was a front one, looking down into the court. 44 How well I remember everything here ! This very inn was old when I whs u l>oy. How grand I thought it when I wus u little five-year-old— the butcher's son ! Korly in the morning 1 will go to the old house and sec what 1 can find there. If I only lind some settled plan. I cauuot afford to waste u shil ling uradny. I have saved a hundred pounds out of my meagre salary. How long will that serve me? What can I do for myself — for that poor child in her prison-ship — with only u hundred pounds- at my command ? The first thing tn he done is to find the cheapest of cheap lodgiugs while I remain in London. Pcrhn is 1 tan find them in the uld house. 1 will try." While he sat in the dark window pondering a most uncertain future, Mr. Vivien nud Oup- toin Billings aero dining hixurously in a private parlor of u West End hotel. It would he too late fur the theatre when they were through with dinner, so they gave up that idea und re mained at table as loug us possible to puss the time. 4 Don't piny as much ns you used to, Base ?" 44 1 donJi p)«y at «ll nowadays. " 44 \Vi might have a gniuc of billiards." 44 Quite too warm." 44 You were a splendid hand at Unit game, Base." 41 Yes. I lind some skill. IJy the any, cap tain, it would ho .mure prudent — I pliire my ohfectionji solely -on the score of prudence — if you gave up the habit of addressing me ns 4 Base/ It sounds odd, to say the leasi, and will he sure to excite remurk." 44 Well, I gi4ucrully.do try not to forget when we're in company. We're alone now, Vivien, you know, and I cannot exactly shake off old assocfutions. IVIi en wo panned out gold in u San Francisco gambling den, I culled you 'Base' and you called inc 4 Green.' Appro priate nppellotions, wnn't they, now? You're moored in a snug harbor, and I'm still cruising; but ivlu'D we're together by ourselves there's no need of our putting on airs." 44 1 don't put on any airs, Billings ; you know nu\ I only warn you to be prudent. You are the only man in the world who would venture to address me so familiarly, and it at tracts attention that's nlT." 4 I understand. It's nil right. Mr. Vivien. You're aware I'm nobody's fool. Well, now, ns to money unatters. I haven't token u trip across the ocean just to tell you that the Sen Foam vent down, you know. I could have written that at the cost of ten cents for a postage-stump. I've becu unlucky for the last six months, and I'll be concerned if I've got a greenback left. I'm out of a berth, nnd want you to get me one, or give inc enough to go on with." 4 But I did not agree — the fifty thousand dollars was to be final. Do you think I am able to go on presenting you with large sums of money every year or two ?" The captain leaned his elbows on the table, and "with his face between his hands Jooked steadily Into the eyes opposite, with a tiriakliog yet subtle and malicious smile. 44 Well, yes, I think yon fire," he answered. The black eves opposite flushed with sudden fire ; Mr. Vivien could look very dangerous when lie was angry ; but the captain's look of twinkling and provoking amusement did not change. His friend drank off a glass of wine, then said with an effort to be pleasant : 44 The property amounted to half only of what I had betn told. Take intocnnsidcrotipn the expense i have been to in tho past two years, buying land and building, and you can sec that I Am not likely to have much cash on liAiid. If 1 make a good marriage, as I expect to, I shall get along well enough, and have something for yon occasionally. At present the best I .can do is to offe/you five hundred pounds." 44 Five hundred .fiddlesticks J" 44 You thought ibnta niccsutn once, Groen," 44 What of that 7" So did you." 44 JiverythingiB mine now, legally, you under stood. The wreck of the Sea Foam changes all that. J am th$ next heir- Yon could do me little harm, now. -by anything you might betray. I want to Ik> friends with you, for the sake of old times, hut I don't yrnt£'ou to feel that J am in your power." 44 Ex-ncily. Procisoly," rejoined the captain, meeting his friend'A eye squarely, 44 1 sec the jKunty And he laughed, epd then subdued himself. ft is curious tiut when two villains act to gether against others, exjosing each to the 'otlicy -so auuuh of gjcfcqflnrn.s in thrir iuuiual plotting?, they seldom Irani to fear each other, but seem to cxpuct honesty in keeping com pacts nnd truth in relating circumstances. Shrewd and suspirimis afi Basil Vivien was, utterly eoncieneeWs as lie knew his accomplice to he, he had never even thought for a moment- to doubt the story of the wreck of the Sea Foam whieli the captain lind brought liini. And that was why Green Billings lind laughed nnt sud denly, wiicn Vivien had said in substance : 44 1 am no lunger in your power, and you must not put on nirs now." 41 I'll think about that five hundred pounds," the captain resumed, -nfter a short silence. 44 By the. by, how on nrth did tliAt feller who come to see you this morning get hold o' her picture? You could hove knocked me down with a feather when I picked up that card und saw who it 'twas. I never wns so heat in all my life. Units how it came that I wasn t on my guard when he snatched the letter. I've been dying to lienr about it all duv. Them passengers in our railway carriage prcvenicd my inlking about our affairs. I wished them in Jericho all the time." Vivien gave an account of lhe bottle, who had fuund it, and what tho finder bud said About it, how he lind taken the things from i Crcvelling Manor, to destroy them, and how the land agent Imd suspected lie had them and cntne after them. 44 You shouldn't have let on that you cared anything about it, Base. I'm surprised fit your course." "I never dreamed that he would think I hud them." 4,Hc packed up sudden and came to London, you sny ?" 41 Yes, on the same train with 11s." 44 Do you know where be puts up ?" 44 1 know nothing whatever about him.'' 44 He ought to he looked nfier." " How can I look after him ?" "You can't. Leave it to inc. I'm in no hurry. I'd just us leave he in London «s any where else for the next few weeks. Give me cash to pay my bills, and I'll make it a busi ness to find where lie stops und wliut he's doing. I'll look sharp to the daily papers for some 4 l'ersonul 1 or other clew, if yon think he's likely to advertise the little incident of the buttle. If I once get him under my eye I'll lead him off on the wrong track, you Uit. It would be a good joke to send him off to the Bahamas, or the Sundwieh Isluuds, on a fool's errand, wouldn't it now ?" Captain Billings laughed loud nnd long, while Basil Vivien's face gleamed with exulta tion. It would Ik n charming joke to get rid of dnngernnd suspicion in that way, and at the dame time to g«'t out of the way a rival. Yes, poor and despised as the handsome laud agent vvus, Basil was jealous of him. lie held out his hand across the table and his friend grasped it. " Yon are a trump, now as always, Billings." "Thank you, liusc ; I beg pardon, Mr. Vivien." " How will you manage it?" 44 Oil. FH nutkc 'his acquaintance, and then, by pretending to be oui with you, J '11 worm myself into his confidence. I'll ask him what the quarrel was about between ymi and him, trhore picture it was, &c.;, and I'll tell iiitn 1 know something about the matter, that I us»3 to have the honor of your acquaintance in the States, that I'm a sua captain, and saw a little juuntv ernft named »Sob Fo.uu lying in the harbor of Rio Janeiro, or the Bahama Islands, or any other out-of-the-way place I happen to think of. Of course he'll get passage on some ship hound. In that direction, in order to make tin.' port I mention a starting point for Ids in- vesligHtions. Tell you what it is, Base, I'm about ready for some kind of an adventure; just spiling Tor one. You know I never can steady long at a time. Furnish me with tlie money I catnc here for, and I'll keep him company. It'll be the tallest kind o' fuu to load him all over the world on a wild-goose chase." " Jf you'll do, that Green Billings, I'll nrnke niv check one for two thousand pounds and Basil drew a Icug breath of relief. 44 It's inure money than I can spare conveniently ; hut, long before yuu return from such an expedition, I'll be married l« Miss CrevelJing, After that, the deluge." 41 So you're got a girl iu tow, have you V 44 Yes." 'Is she worth money?" 44 She is the only child and heiress of Sir Hastings Crcvelling, whose estate mine joins. Would you believe it, that penniless land- agent, who had the effrontery to assault me in my own house this morning — that fceggur is dead iu love with Miss Crevelling." 44 Do teii !" and the long-ieggcd captain leaned back in iris chair until that necessary article .of furniture cracked. "That doubles tlie interest of the affliir. Of course, now lliat I see how the land lies, HI know bow to Fail the vessel. A three vcats' cruise is the shortest I'll arrange for. But l'Jj be hWed if I under stand why lie should run across the ocean after one girl, when he's been horpoonod by another one on this side." 'I'm not sure that Mr. Velaskv contem plates anything so extreme as a voyage of dis covery, hut I think so ; and Bui quite certain he can be induced to." You chd fill out Uie cheque, Base. He's got to go, now. I'll fake take lmn in tow, and keep him moving. ' Foi lively when I get steam up, and f've took a sudden iotcrost in this case. You must have a fair chance to pitch your heiress. Captain Billing always enjoyed 44 baring a finger in olher folks' pie," as he expressed it. He seemed created for -no other purpose than to attend 10 the affairs of bis friends. If he hud desired to marry the heiress of Grovelling 'Manor he could riot have been rnqre deeply j interested. I ... To BB COXTWPKP v 