GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL- ROOM. Miss A. C. GRAHAM, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Corresdondent for the best collection of schoolboy " mistakes" ; and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In accompanying letter Miss Graham says:—"When I learned one day the remarkable fact that ' Ilaied and Odessae translated Euripides,' I felt that the time had come for actiou ; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spreading the 'New Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw me light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bonH-jide, auswers, the spelling aud punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among " selected specimens " from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following :— DIVINITV.—Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews aud Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore the Jews had-no dealings with the Samaritans. —Titus was a Roman Emperor—supposed to hare-written the Epistle to the Hebrews —hie other name was Oate* ENGLISH HISTORY. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison be wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress "; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.:— Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, "Ah! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age." Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry UL ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissentry.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church.—What is a Papal Bull ? A sorb-of cow, only larger and does not give milk.—Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion, in the reign of Henry VTIL He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son' of respectable people. DEFINITIONS.—Phoenicians.—The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal,—A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimaera.—A thing used to take likenesses with. Watershed.—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender. —Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immaculate.—State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London University. Hydrostatics.—Is wlwjn a mad dog bites yoa. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND LITERATURE.— Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.— The sonnet is a thing that has its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette).—Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of :Christianity 597 A.D.,when the nobility^vndigentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled the throne for uearly thirty years.—Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profains madness, he really only put it on butsome people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have.something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the/Queen took it & then she falls down dead', Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin aud dies. — What do you understand by the Augustan age in English Literature ? We mean the time of Caadmon, who flourished aud wrote "Comus " about rthe time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. MISCELLANEOUS.—Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work.—The heart is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into.several parts by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What is a volcano? A volcano is a very powerful rock.—What is the meaning of mer de glace ? Mother of glass. -- What are fossils ? Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves.—What fossil remains do we find of fishes ? In some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.—What are the metamorphic rocks? Rocks that contain metaphors.—"What is the matter?" queried a teacher. " You seem to be rather uncomfortable there." " I've got the interjection, sir," was the unexpected reply.—Explain the words fort aud fortress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in.—What is » Ropubffctm''? .^-iSctou'Wiban is a sinner trtflflttwfctf fo fti'e TJSfefcf—'The two chief vtAcauoesfn Europe. SodOmanufcSomorrah. 