WHAT CHRISTMAS WEANS. What does Christmas mean? Those who have homes and friends know best of all; but even tboae who u,-on oil other days of th* year are homeless and friendless are not ignorant of it. The beggar who comes knocking at the gate, the prisoner in his call, the pauper in tbe honse of alms the sick, the maimed, the blind in the hwipifcaJ, the poor, the wretched, tbo hurt, and alt lonely folk know what day it is. a spirit of charity, of good-will, of common brother uouu ptrvaecB « ? it 11 tbe Epmt of God stirring m tbe heart of the world, inspiring it to noble thoughts, to friendly fraternal deods. It is the best day of all, not so much for those who receive the tokens of love or sympathy, great or small, bat for those who give tbc-m, for, a!i apart from the greater happiness of giving, no man knows to whom he may f.ive who gives in tru« charity. The beggar stuids at the door, cold and hnnery thinly, poorly clad ; but how shall they who open to bim, giving him food, raiment sLclter, and lead him to the fire, know that beneath bis Tigs there are not hidden I shiciog garments denoting the angel enter- 1 Tho poc-t Lowell, in bis m&rvellouelv; 1 ! beautiful Btory i,i Sir Lauofal, has told how ' the Knight who, in early youth, in tho splendor of summer, set out npon his pious quest of the Holy Grail, and who, mcetinjr the poor leper at his gate, indifferently tossed him a coin, and went upon his way bow, long, long afterwards, when tfae Knight had grown old and weary in his frnltless quest, he returning to bis castle, decrepit poor, and despairing, again m-t the leper at bis gate. It *as not the warm euamer now, bnt the chill winter, and Ohristmas time. He did not, as before, In tho summer Snub an i splendor of his yonth, power, and wealth, pc&s; the beggar Indifferently by, He parted in twain his single crust, He broke the ice on the streamlet's brink. Aud gave the ltper to eit and drink. And then a great light shone around, and the leper, glorified, said to Bir Lawifol— Ln. ib ii 1. nnfr . In many climes withont avail ' j Thoo hast spent tby life lor the Holy ! Grail ; j Behold it is here— this cup which tbon I Didst fill at the streamlet for Me bnt This crust is mj body broken for thee The water His blocd that died on the tree. The Holy Supper is kept indeed. In whateo we chare with a&othir;'s need j Not what we give, hut what we ibaro, For the gift withont the giver is bate 5 Who gives himself, with his alms feeds three, Hlaisalf, bis hungering neighbor, aud Me. It is only a poet's tale, wrought out fay the cunning of hu genius, but underlying the tweet and tender fancy of the legend ie ihe . truth whiolr was taught to the world eighteen centuries ago, that he who in love and faith helps the least of God's creatures, also helps Him. In that is to be found tho sentient meaning of Christmas Day ; a&d; well will it be with all men it not only npon this, but upon all days— for all days are God's and all peoples His peoples ? they take the meaning of it to heart. It U the lesson of peace, good-will, love among men, taught not by tbe Kings of the Orient, journeying and bearing gifts ot frankincense and myrrh to lay at the feet of Him whose birth is to-day celebrated, but by the Ohild born in the stable, wrapped in swaddling clothes, tbere where the titar shone, over Bethlehem inJudea. The life of men is in faith, hope, and charity, and most of all in charity, the greatest of them al^ The good-will, tbe benevolence which this day suggests, should be honored In their observance all the yea? round. The poor we have always with us. It Ohristmas teaohes anything more olearly than another, it is that the poor are given the world in solemn, sacred trust, to visit, cheer, and help. It would shame the day were any who are in prison to go unvlslte*, who are hungered, not to be fed, who are | naked, nob to be clothed, who are cold, not I to be warmed, who are s!ck- not to be attended, who are sorrowful, not to be comforted. And as each man does what he may, on the bast day of all the year, to make better and hopefnller and happier some one battling in courage or despair, . through poverty, sickn -as, or sorrow, let him do it In 'commemoration ot the law of love aad kindness, mercy and companion. This In remembrance of Me,' — Exch an ye. But this was not ibe end of my 'omcftt^jy ] any means, for, like the pair of old^Uppers: of which their owner could not £et rid, bi. relatcdin the ' Arsbian NigbtB,' my--3bri8^ mas omelet returned to me in a 'siaytlinfe . manner after many days, and in the New Year ; and tbe corollary eclipscd the.c^isoflfe. January, 1885 was intensely liotafWorlii's End as 1 well remember. I had laid down On mybed.and was trying very hard to txansfohn. the dolce far nirntr into an oblmous'tfarta. The New' Year considered nfl an infant was waning in age and strength, even 'though still, so to ispeak, in long clothes, w^ien ? ' — — ^udddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, Tapping at my chamber door ; 'Tis some visitor,' I -muttered— tapping at my chamber door— Only this, and nothing more.' Nothing more, indeed ; hot there ioas «ome thing more. Opening the said dooT, I'found a man standing with a horse, the bridle hanging loosely on 'his arm. ' Look here, mister,' said he, without the shadow of a good-day, ' I just found a queer lookin' thing out yonder' jerking .his tliurab over hiB shoulder towards the Toad. ' ' It's a sort o' musbroon I'm a Lhinkin', but 1 never seed euch a thing in all my travels,' aud be held up to me in the palm of his extended bond an object which was none other than ray unfortunate Christmas omelet, but changcd, like the ghost of Hector, from ita former identity. It was densely covered with the fine, thin, -soft, and bluish but microscopic forest, Which we eo | often see on mouldy vegetable decay. The silvery specs still shone brilliantly through the microscopic forest ; but, recluse as 1 am by nature and habit, 1 do dearly love a hit' of good scientific fun ; and so a spirit of harmless mischief took possession of me. ' I never seed a musbroon like that afore,' Ihe repeated. *' You're a schoolmaster, as I they tell me, an' I'd like your judgment on lt* 'Well,' 1 replied, ' I am not exactly a schoolmaster, professionally speaking, though I do teach a few children for reasons whioh I need not name. However, 1 am a student, at all events, iu the widest tense of the word, perhaps,' with a smile. 'As for this,' taking the omelel in my baud, 41 1 can assure you that you have discovered a rare cariosity indeed. I never beheld more, than one specimen and can most confidently recognise tbis as a genuine one. Only three bave hitherto been found. One lies in the Smithsonian Institute, Washington',; another is in the museum at Bulak, Egypt ; and the third, discovered by Sir Joseph Banks, belongs to the Sloame collection. Let me congratulate you, my friend.' ' But wot d'yer call it 7' be asked. 41 Well, it is positively a fungus' I replied. 'A species of mushroom, as you very cleverly hinted ; but tneh a specimen I' ' But ow did ct grow ?' be shrewdly asked. 4- Et haint got no stem 1' ??yni saui i, very graveiy, ' it ueiongs to : the 'Hstamttwria jrvfforia orchidac# order ; gnnut Bo!ia-j)olia Giqanttca. in contradis- 1 rinrtion to cuch as the mistletoe or air plant.' ' Oh I I sec,' said he solemnly. ' But wot d'yer call all them ere bright specs, jest like silver P '? It is silver,' I answered ; ' and silver, too, of the very purest description. 1 wish 1 only had a ton of it. Unt to makcit a little clearer to you, we now know most positively that the very atmosphere v-*e breathe is heavily charged with silver in solution.' ' You don't mean to say so 7' be said with open eyes. 44 Yes, but I do,' I 6aid. u Further, every child of ten at this day knows that sea water contains an immense proportion of both eilver aud gold. But this is atmospheric silver or athcria arprntira. You see it imbibes, absorbs the silver from the atmos phere, condensing and solidifying it as you 6ce there. Moreover, it is not a stationary plant by any means ; it moves, especially at night.' 'Jes like a hedgehog, 1 s']»osc ?' be said, very reflectively. ' My dear sir,' I said, enthusiastically, 'you are tbe moBt intelligent man 1 have met for many years, You are right. Had I searched through an entire cyclopedia quarto size of synonyms, I could not have -lis- oovered a more striking parallel, Yce, its motions arc much like tho*c of a hedgehog, and hence its scientific name ot Holia-jwlia Giganitra. Heaveu only knows how far this remarkable vegetable may have rolled from its original initio;}/' I said, musingly, and wiih a far off look in my cyis as'l continued : '?I quite envy your good fortune. The Adelaide museum would l-e elated by such an acquisition. I sliall be on the look-out for more of them, tlay aud night, for it is that exceedlugly rare tspccies known in English as the mineral mimhroom /' I did not tell him of ihe silver wliich 1 knew existed iu the locality (before the rush of 1880, ] think), because 1 did not wish him, or any one else, to camp tbere. ' You don't say so J' he said, replying to my remarks. ' Wot *ad I better do with ' Well, I'll tell you,' I said, 41 but take my advice, and don't breathe a word of it to any one alive. Do you take this carefully into the Uurra, You'll geta nice box (with ; a beautiful picture on tbe lid of it) at one of the drapers1 shops. One with a pretty girl on it if you can. Then go to the chemist's and procure some cotton-wool; lav the mushroom very carefully, miud, in the wool, and address it distinctly to Professor Tute of the lloyal Society, Field Naturalists Section. Take my a.lvice and make the profHS6 )r a spontaneous gift of it. He will be most highly delighted ; and three days after he gets it, your own name will be wired over the entire surface of the globe as the discoverer of tbe fourth specimen of that rare mineral mushroom known to naturalists as the Rolia-jtolia, GigavJlaa. By the way, I forgot to ask, what it your *' My name's Wintcrbottom — William | « imeroottoin. l ii send it, blest if I don t, I I'll make 'em a promisk'B present of it, if ver I will rite the note for me.' I ' Oh 1 I'll do that, gladl v,' I said. So he I sat down by the door, with tbe bridle still I over bis arm, while he carefully wrapped the mushroom in a silk bandanna — being in itself quite a rarity in these days. I wrote a most glowing and elaborate note as plainly as ! could, to Professor Tate and the mem bers of the Field NaturaliBts section of the Roynl Society, and signed it, as ray new friend most earnestly requested, in a large, bold band, ' William Winterbottom.' 'But you would like an answer,' 1 sug gested. 'Canyou fumiah nn address?' 'Well, you see,' he replied, 14 I'm goin' back to Queensland for another mob o' cattle ; but I'll make it a pint to stay at Terowie for a week, a* puri-o»e. Tell 'em to write sharp to Terowie.' So I added a postscript in the name of Mr Winterbottom, requestiug the professor and the Boyal Society to write back *' sharp,' as suggested, to the discoverer at Terowie. 'Now,' I aiid, 44 it will be only right that your name should be immortalised in cou ncction with this remarkable mushroom. I'll write a label, and mind jou pin it neatly to the article in the box. But. don't vou breathe a word to the shopkeepers or anv one, or they'll have an imraens* pick and shovel army out here to-morrow morning for 'speckled miueral mushrooms,' and I shall have no peace left here.' ' No fear,' said my new scientific friend. So I very carefully printed, on an embossed card which I had bv mn. the follnirincr I legend : j ' Fungus ingctUissimus et ntirabili* Aug i tralit Gulidmi Vinterbottomii, $V4d homines dfte at que jterspicue dicunt Jtclia-jioUn Glgentipa maculosa ac spceulota ittiiwralihvs World's Undibus. Ad illuttvitfi vi u m Prof festorem Tatiltii, Jlcffia HoeMalit apHd Adclaidum.' I then wrote out a briefer addreas in good English to Professor Tate, to bo gummed outside of the box ; aud everything being thus carefully considered, I gave my friend the note and the embossed label, wbicb J had done up between two old book covers, to keep tbem clean and uucrumplod, and when he nad monnted bis horse I handed him the fu ngu4s mirabilit wishing him great joy ; and : he rode away rejoicingly, my last words. yelled out at some distance, being—— liI-on*t you tell the chemist what you want the cotton-wool for. Tell him .your wife's got the toothache, or neuralgia, or tte dolerettf' 'Haint got no wife!' he bawled back through his Jiand. 44 Well your sweetheart, then. And don't forget to put the card inside.4' 'Yew bet i' was wafted in boatawain tones over his shoulder on the breeae, as he told a forefinger on the aide of his nose, and I verily believe be winked 1 And this was i tbe very last I iau) oi the renowned mush* TOOZ&, .. A;, fortnight after, a man coming along i witii .a mob of sheep stopped and handed - tne^witb a surprising grin, a duty, crumpled note withont an envelope, dated at Terowio, ; jind this is what it .said, lather what ihe - drejidful scrawl expressed t ~ ,j 'Hang yew and yewT dammed' old mush- ? rooh, jand the Eyle SecT 'aVtea se* imea boi aio, an' eel put me in a gale if ho kecbes ' inc. ? Wc ikum bak ilebrakjer uggly |aw yeV l-et, yew darn fuel yew aose lioo i am eoluVvut, W.W.' ' ' ' - . , , \- -I inferred from this previous epistle that Professor Tate and the ' Eyle Sex -2 At tea ' did not recclvc Mr Winterbottom's free gift - with , enthusiastic checrs. I eent the letter to the Education Department ias an interest ing contribution to their model schools for a grammatical exercise. Meantime 1 made a . true copy, and gave it out as a parsing exer -Hec for' my own pupils. Tbe -big girls giggled a good deal over the 41 tie brakyer «g£ly jaw 'and the 4,^ale ' aad tbe ' hoe axe but on the whole it formed an excellent parsing exercise. Thus endod my Christmas xlUh, and its corollary of the mushroom, which inay be S) reserved on the premises of the 'Bvle 8er. ? at tea ' till this day, for aught I know to the contrary. 