General $ I e a tt t n ga. The Bishop of Nottingham on "Happiness in Hell." The Bishop ol Nottingham has issued the following letter to his flock An article has receotly appeared in one of our monthly reviews, treating on the 6tate of condemned souls in the next world, and, as it anDears to us. perverting, to a most grievous extent, and iri a most dangerous way, the doctrine of the Catholic Church on this importaut subject. As this article bears the name of a Catholic writer of great repute for learning, we have reason to fear lest it -should carry with it such weight aa both to deceive ProtestaDts about what Catholics are taught to believe, and also to perplex, perhaps, even some of you, dear children in Christ, and unsettle the orthodox convictions in which you have teen brought up. Wo do not propose to undertake the task of censuring the various propositions in the article which appear to us to be censurable, but rather, by putting before you a synopsis of the Church's true doctrine on the subject, to enable you to condemn for yourselves that which may be contrary thereto. First, then, it is of Faith, and is defined in the Athanasian Creed, that " nil mpn I have to rise again with their bodies at the coming of Christ, and to render an account of their own acts. And those who have done good things shall go into life everlasting; but those who have done evil thiDgs into everlasting fire." 1\. It is of Faith, therefore, that all who have done evil things — that is, who die in mortal sins which they have committed, whether they be Christians or heathens — will go into the pains of hell, described as " everlasting fire." 1 his is expressly confirmed by Benedict XII., who, in his Constitution, Benedictus Deus, defines as follows : " We also define that, according to God's common ordinance, the sonle of those who die in actual mortal sin go down immediately after their death to the lower regions, where they ar,e tortured with infernal punishments. What these pains are we will consider later on. 2\. We are taught, secoudly, that those who do good things, and go into life everlasting, are only those who have been justified through the merits of Jesns Christ. The Council of Trent defines this, saying that Adam, stained by the sin of disobedience, transmitted to the whole human race, Dot only death and bodily punishments, but also sin, which is the death ol the soul fsiuce. according to the Apostle, all sinned in bim). Thus they became unclean, by nature children of wrath, and so completely slaves of sin, aud under the power of the devil and of death, as that' they could not be delivered therefrom either by their own natural strength! or by the law of Mosos, or by any other way, than -by the merit of Christ's Pasfion communicated to their souls. The Council defines also, thut the .justification of the sinner is tbb translation of a man from the state in which he is born as a son of Adam into a state of grace and of the adaption of sons through the second Adorn, Jesus Christ, our Saviour, and that this translation cannot be made, since the promulgation of the Gospel without baptism or the desire of it, as it is written : " Unless a man be born aeain of water and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God,' To this justification by baptism, or by the desire of it, it is necessary to be disposed by faith, hope, repentance, aod a resolution to begin a new life: siuee justification is not anly a remission of sins, but a eanetification and renewal of the inner man by a voluntary receiving of grace and gifts. Of the repentance which is necessary before the justification, the Council says it is sometimes made perfect by charity or the love of God, and so reconciles a man to God, though not without the desire of the Sacrqijipnt ; whereas repentance, through fear and hope, can only dispose a man to receive the Sacrament, and cannot justify a mau of itself without the actual reception the Sacrament. ! ft fo W considered lie J case- of those who have never been justified by the merits or Christ, and yet have not committed any actual sin by their own will ; that is, the case of i hose who die as infants in original sin only. Of these we are bound by the Faith to say that they have sinned in Adam, have truly inherited sin from him, have lost their innocence, have been made unclean, and by nature children of wrath. We are also bound by the Faith to say that their souls after death go down immediately to the lower regions, ub do the souls of those who die in mortal sin, to be punished, however, with unequal punishments. This much is defined by the Councils of Florence and of Trent. It is a heresy, therefore, to deny that the sonls of unbaptieed babies are guilty of sin, or tbat they are punished for that guilt. If this must be hold, however, the Church i Hows and encourages us to suppose that their punishment is of the lightest, and that they enjoy much happiness. They have no deeds of their own doing for which to be judged. 4\. Lastly comes the case of those who hove died in original sin only, not as infants or idiots, but as men come to the use of reason, who have acted in this world by their own intelligent free will, but have never by their own act committed mortal sin. If they have committed no sin at all, their case is clearly like that of the unbaptised infants. They have done nothing to merit a worse fate ; and yet, not having been justified through Christ, they cannot enter into eternal life. It is very doubtful, however, if there cau be eny such men, for men thus innocent would surely attain to further grace of justification. If they have committed venial sin, and only venial sins, as might especially be the case with children dying when they nearly, or only just, come to the use of reason, we need not suppose that the punishment for such venial sins would bp elerna). The " evil acts" for which men at the Judgment are sent to everlasting fire, may well be explained of mortal sins only, that is, of sins done in grave matter, witli full advertence and with full consent. Consequently, after a while, the state of these men also might come to be a happy one, like that of the infants. The question is, however, how far this class of men (that is, those who die in origiual sin, but without mortal 6in, although they have grown up) may be legitimately extended. The writer of the article would extend it to 0n immense multitude of men, if not to the majority of maukind, who are unbaptised on the various grounds of their beiog in a stale of mere nature, and nat raised to the Rnnnmui ..>«! .-.i , . , % & wi til "tutTj and of their sins being made only venial through their want of development of the moral sense, through the influences! of heredity and environment, and through the partial truth of the falsa religions that surround them. But 1\. No man is, or eyev has beevl),\'u a state of more nature. As we Lave seen, all have fallen from and forfeited grace by original sin ; all have been offered grace again through the promise and coming of a Redeemer ; the original revelations of God were made to all, and the preachers of the Gospel are sent to all, with the den u ideation of damnation to all, if they do not believe «nd accept the Gospel. Heaven is offered if they believe, bell is threatened it they disbelieve. The Council of irent teaches that Christ died for all, that ail might receive the adnntinn nt sons ; and that He is propitiator bv faith in His Blood, not for '<u- $,»,« only, but for the sins of the whole world. Ann from this dogma it follows, and, aa Billuart says, it is held Uy all Catholic that by reason of »),e wjll 1,; God has to save through Christ and for Chrwt He prepares for all in common general aids of grace sufficient for salvation. To say that God's actual grace is limited to those who are witbin the Church or who have the Faith, is among the condemned propositions. I he immense mass of mankind, theu, are all elevated to the supernatural, order, although they may not be in "Mate of grace." That is a wholly different thing . J 2\. Want of development the moral seuse may ai'eauj either that some men have not the gifts of reason and conscience,- or else that their conscience is so, misled by false teachings; which surround them, as to make .them ignorant of the guilt of what is in . itself a grievoUB sin.- In respect of the first we say that all men who are grown up, and who are not insaue, 'or imbecile, have the use of reason; and that reason .dictates ; in/ the hearts -of all a. sense. of I- -right and: wrung, as being commanded : or forbidden by their Maker. To say n :the contrary is whohy gratuitous,; and : it contradicts innumerable passages of Scripture ; and: notably St. Paul, who .says: " The ' Gentiles having not, the law, aresby! nature a. law to themselves : , ; who - show ' the work of the law written . in their hearts, their conscience bearing witness to them, and their thoughts between themselves accusing, or v (so defending one another." ; , There is more ground for saying that the consciences, of inen may. be- misled .'"by evil surroundings and by false teaching; so as to excuse them from grievous sin by an ignorance of which they are not culpable. If it were not so, no man could escape damnation in hell who did not profess himself a member of the Holy Roman Catholic . Church; Pope- Pins IX. said (Allocution, December 9, 1854): "It is to be held as of l'aith that out of, the Apostolic Roman Church no one can be saved, that this is the one ark of salvation, and that whatsoever enters, not therein will perish by the deluge;" " Nevertheless, " he , goes on .to say, ".we must hold lor certain that those who labour under ignorance of the; true religion, if. their iunorunce he excusable, do not incur the guilt of'apy fault in this reapec.t'in tlic 'bight of tbe'Lord." ' Therefore It is that vast multitudes of non-Catholics may be inculpable of the sin of heresy,, and .belong to the soul of the Church,. and so far may attain salvation. But we may ask how, then, can they have faith, which is indispensable for salvation, for. " Without faith it. is impossible to please .God." :YYe r.oply that they, while thus hot guilty, being excused, through ignorance, of rejecting part of . God's revelation, may yet, firmly beiieve . God's, Word as to the rest of it,; either AS- revealed by Christ or hy God in the ' original revelation, and -so niay have faith. The only . articles. of Faith, . probably, of which a man can never be invincibly or inculpably ignorant, are v the- truths that God is, and that He renders retribution to ' His creatures. These- truths are so clearly taught by liniu's heart .-and conscience, that salvation 1 cannot ;bc .'attained without belief in them; To eny otherwise is a . ' condemned propcfiition. If a man, then, has true f.ith at least in these revealed truths,-' and kiioics ho others, he may also have a desire to do all (Sod's will ; and so an implicit desire of baptism, a true love , of God, find -.' -contrition for sin, and so be saved. But, though there may be in a great n->any men, invincible ignorance of revealed truth,, we think it Impossible to extend this iuculpability. on. any large scale to ignorance of the natural law, as expressed jn the Ten Commandments. Here and there, for awhile, some natural precept may be ignored, or some sin may not be recogni'sed as such ; but, as a rule, the teachings of history and experience go to prove that the. most depraved people know that, their vices are vices, however much |.iey . rnny indulge in them and .try (o palliate them. ' The Holy Scriptures again and again declare that the heathens, were inexcusable in their' idolatry and other crimes; and St- Paul, a» wn have seen, declares that the law was -.-written in the hearts of the Gentiles. Catholic theologians also teach that, while there may he inculpable ignorance of the remoter conclusions of the law of nature, there cannot be such gnorati.ee as to its first principles and tho immediate conclusions from them, except occasionally and for a short time in children and ignorant persons. But it may be said, that, though the hoatfieu may know that their vicious pr&ctteea; are contrary to a rational nature and to right reason, they, nevertheless, do not llhereby commit an offeiWMS against God, mpr a mortal sin destroying God's friendship, and worthy of eler.nA.1 punishment, .if only they do not fcfjow .i God or. do not think of Him while they do the evil. But the proposition that such philosophical offences might exist, such -as to be . grave offences against reason, .but not; mortal ;sins against God, has been condemned by Alexander VIII.. as scandalous and erroneous. For tliP voice of conscience speaks as the voice of God to man. Hence we may conclude that tho great mass of sins committed by the heathen against the natural law are mortal sins deserving of damnation in them as well as in. Christian", although ''.not in the same degree. 3\. T he i-'ea, again, that the vehemence of natural temptation, derived from a , man's parents or the perverting force of threats,, persuasion,, example, or other surroundings, ciii turn '/mortal sins int<» venial ones, is contrary to the unanimdus leaching of theologians, which is the teaching of the Catholic Church. Vehemence, of temptation from within or without may diminis'i the guilt of coiisent, but it never changes mortal into venial sins, so long as it does not destroy the reason . Thus the Council, of Trent teaches, " that' God does not command impossibilities, but that when He commands. He admonishes us to do what we can, and Iq ask .for what we cannot ; and helps us, that we may lie able." An idea more fertile in evil than that sins cease to be mortal when committed under the pressure of viheinent temptation could hardly be conceived. Persons would soon conclude ' that their own particular temptations were so violent that they need no longer trouble much about the guilt of consenting to tliern. 4\. Lastly, if some Who follow false religions may be excused, because they, are. ignorant of the guilt of rejecting the truth, this cannot apply to the partakers in idolatry. I'here are, portions of Divine truth in heresies which have been separated fiom the Church, through Which they might mistakenly be believed to tie' tho true religion; but there is nothing in' the idolatry practised among pagan nations which "savours of Divine truth, or which could bide, from men the flagrant violation of the law of nature which it involves. We think,' therefore, ..that, it is obviously true, that as a rule the iilolaliies and other vices and sins of the heathen cannot be excused from being mortal si'us against the law of God, and deserving the pains of hell, like the mortal sins of Christians; although doubtless not, in an equal degree. We come, finally, to the consideration of the na'i tire of the pains of hell inflicted on actual mortal sins It is conceded that they ate 'external, hut it is claimed that the word lire is used metaphorically, and that therefore wo are left in ignorance of their true nature. They may be very tolerable, they may diminish indefini ely in inVtcnsiiy, those wfin suffer litem may he unconscious, and, on tlio whole., We know little about ihein. '.We would at least say in reply, 'that, according to the definition of Pope Benedict. XII., the damned in hell will he eternally tortured with ..infernal punishments, and that, according to the Holy Scriptures and the Anthanasian Greed, that infernal torture is truthfully expressed, by the words " eternal fire" Now a state of tortnj-p; keen as ti>dt of fire, is at least wholly inconsistent O'ther with intervals of unconsciousness (or the torture would not then be eternal) or with ft»y kind of happiness rn hell, any hugging pf pfinins, or welcoming of congenial infernal company, since a torture likp fire would hardly be compatible therewith. We further say that ive know of no ground for .supposing that the words of Scripture and the fipftifition of the Athanasinn Creed may he ppdw.efp.Qd bf a fire which is not a real and material fire, unless' it be that' theologians do not £oifttppnly say that it is of. faith that hell-fire fs They do, however, one and all ogt'ep f-fiat it is quite certain that the doctrine Mtef R Is " material fire is tbe true one ; and certainly .this follows from the admitted jpnppjpte pfipt the words' of Scripture aie to be intej'pi'jetefi fijtpjrglly, whenever no evidently false or ' absjjrfi pppcjusiuu would follow from such interpretation- We conclude with the words of (he jjfpsuitj Father Lessius, who thus ' ...as speaks iu his magnificent book on the Divine 'Per feetions : " We must say that it is certain that there will be there a real and corporeal fire ; for the Holy Scripture, when speaking of the pains of'heil, every where mentions, inculcates, and threatens fire ; and in the sentence of the Judge, the penalty of fire is expressed, which is an evident sign that it is a real fire; for when anything is said metaphorically, it is not always expressed in the same way .or in the same words, but that which in one place is. said metaphorically in another, is expressed in ' literal language. Again, in this fire bodies are to be burned; there is, therefore, no reason why the Scripture passages should not be understood of real and corporeal fire." We omit the many other fearful things which the Holy Scriptures tell us of tbq, eternal torments of helj, but wo trust, : dear children in Jesus' Christ, that what we have written may warn you not to think .or speak lightly of the place of God's eternal vengeance, or of the sins which lead to it, or of the terrible danger incurred by those who are outside tlie Catholic Church. 