FLASHLI&HTS.; [By Focds'emJ The black flag ! An nl together free jury in the ease of Glasson. An infernal machine has becn fouiid in Dublin. Australian oranges arc selling woll in , London. The duty with regard to tea is not lo irink too much. The grinding hard times are when Ihere's Jiling through them. Out of traiuing. The Chinaman who svas thrown out near Stuartown. Glasson increased in weight, but his statements lo the Executive didn't. A leading question. Who will re place Mr. George Houston Reid? Tom Mann, the English labor' leader, has decided not to enter the Church. The worm that's always still , and yet continually on the move. That of the illicit still. It is the editor who gives tho reporter tho round turn. Gives it to liis sentences. They are big guns, magistrates. The 1 vagrant occasionally addresses them as ' their Warships.' The Leader of the Opposition is de term'hied to hamper business immed iately after completioa of the rolls. John Dillon (M.P.), England, says that the annual cost of maintaining evicted persons in Ireland is £24,000. A fcnrful earthquake in Persia. A whole town destroyed . and ' 12,000 persons killed. 10,000 corpses haVo been recovered. i Look out for the 3rd edition of the Advocate. Will bo issued within 30 minutes of the execution, of which it will give a full account. Tom Walker, M.P., has been lectur ing on himself. In other words he has just delivered a lecture entitled ' Dual and Multiplex man.' Parliament meets. .Parliament meats are like thoEe, funeral baked, at the wedding of a recontly bereaved widow., The ghosts will rise. . , i Rheumatics, so the farmers say, , The stings of bees can cure, And Freetrade fads arc laughed away By stinging truths which, plain as day Are simple as they're true. ggThe charge against J. J. Miller,1 Melbourne, of keeping a common gam bling house, has been dismissed. J. J. dissed the typo; the court decided f b dis tho charge. Tho Advocate has just completed a design and drawing foi the Dabbo Poultry and Horticultural Society, to bo, lithoed in two colors. It will bo onoof . the prettiest certificates extant. How doth tho busy little bee, u \ : Each fad improve upon it, - By gathering wool tho livo long day, In each freetrader's bonnet. ? The hangman's rope and the hang-* man's knot are two things which, for tho morbid mind, possess elements of attrac tion deep, though they are inexplicable. In differentcountries wherehangingis the fashion, different thicknesses of rope are used, according to the fancy of the exe-i cutioner ; and in some instances tlio. material and its quality differ too. Inf England, it is stated, tho material of. the rope is often silk, and its thickness much less than is usual in tho coloi}ies ; ' whilst in New South Wales, it is tho ordinary hempen, or something approach ing to it, tho size being sufficient, if strength can be gauged from it, to hang _ a dozen bullocks or to moor au Orient liner with the wind blowing out to sea; We most heartily recommend Wolfe's. Schnapps as a pure invigorant. good alikotomen, women, and even infants.. It tones and braces up tho system and . aids digestion. Ono pound orders aro . placed under tho labols of many of tho . large bottlos. To secure tho genuine , articlo buy a whole bottlo, and don't be _ imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's . Schnapps is a well known and woll tried , Btimulant, and was sold fiftv years ngt ; by chemists as a tonic/' 