A MOSLEM SH1HNE. "5.UST off llio high road, on a breezy cliff J which overlooks tlio Mediterranean, two little domes poor above a rough, lime washed wall.- They indicate that a saint and hie Saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in their way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here In Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow white tombs in all stages ot oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds; at its Eastern base a low, white pent-house where dwells the care taker—a good man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing ns an excrescence from the' northern wall, and built into it, is the "oldest of the koubbns, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy' tiles, and bristling With a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in. the door reveale darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, end a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and-spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig-tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tnwdy ; making, however,' with her gay dodo of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistio signs, a bright Eastern, picture. Bhe bears an -airy little facait of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns—discovered through their cruet of crumbling whitewash to be marble ; relics, possibly, of the old Roman - city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered' candle-ends, dsngle to and fro under the arcade. - At oar first meeting the koubbas wore simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the eon which gave them. Nothing was wanting to complete the Kaetcra glamour of the whole: vivid suiuhtnc; white domes clear cat against a bfho sky; a tall palm with its swaying crown cf feathers; a shrouded woman noddled against the wall, and her dirty cl|tld tumbling half- naked among the tombs j;A,hobbled donkey (lain fully cropping here and there; uhd. as if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabyle, came presently out of the leui-to at the end: of the court carrying n cruehfoin her 'band. A grey petticoat, striped redHmd whfi down to her knees,a loose muslin shirt - suggested, instead of hiding, her fuU ana a bright handkerchief in ber glo** were all her dress. One stopped tb ber gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin and large shining eyes. She came, swinging theeritcke, to tlie dilapidated old well in the middle of the court, aud stood leaning on one arm against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over baud, with easy, sweeping strokes, her body bending to the weight like some slender poplar before a gale, her bare feet planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A colour Bushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamed in ber eyes her soft lips parted to ease her breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair ant! blew it across her face; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at as over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent aud frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life before her in the quiet court, until she many some grave, brown mutwf-her own race, and raise up strong adna to sprawl as children in a suouv corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending goats, or boring vineyards on the in »At« mtiiffnl vaucyf of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creature was die daughter of tha caretaker, and lived ie (he lean-to but -with I don't know how many generation® of relatives | lor, as well as women and girl®, there was a swarm of children for ever crawligg and^ecramblingabout in the court. I watched often and careful!^' the' simple life of d&Kabyle; family, and found it foil of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle ancomphSbing mediocrity about tbem all } a steady working for a few thing^and a deep enjoymentof the wages thereof, a directness and innocenoe, and'a vigour which, as a lesson alone, were worth going out to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, moat self-seeking of sunny southern (owns, where die French-h'ave signally bridged tlieir gulf —laying sure foundations-of absinthe and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous— and convened their wild Arabs into JUmeurs, chiffonier*, touts, quack guides, and what not (all which parts, be it said, the Arabs were very.willing to play); from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of ibis even lifeis a far cty, ana hopefully sug gestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of us sweat and groac our days away. Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of the women inall Eastern countries, and accordingly I find numbers of them here every day. In the presence of the dead, it seems, they venture to disregard the living, lor directly they have entered the court and kissed the walls and a stray stone or so, they throw off their habarahs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in iheir shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the faabarah, her legs swathed in thiok folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbered gwioi mystery—none-j of her seeking— draperies, and babies, Unrailed, the mono tony is still there, for it goes deeper than the veil; mid horrible it is to- conclude, as irresistibly we must, that the clothes have become veritable Nessus sbirts; that the shrouds once on. can never oome off again ; for If put away they 'are still there, shrouding soul t^tead of body. And the shrouding here begins afej fourteen; think of that 1 A mother of two children—a mere slip of a girl—comes nearly evenr day. Cornea shuffling in, a drab bundle Qf s creature, dragging hor babies with her; punctually kisses the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voioa for half-en hour. A more pathetip sight {think I qoyer sag. Wan and iined and vacant i gcaripe a little; slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the objeot of if, or at me; laughs ahriily without merriment, n»d always where to cry would be more to tho purpose; then rises with a weary gesture and puts oh the shroud that never whs off if the but knew it sand shuffles out again into her cage. - These Kubylff dwellers in the lean-to are better off. No ehtouds, palpable or inpatpable, for thorn. Hard work in plenty, and a bed as hard to rest on, scanty fare, a shod to cover themt here are no luxuries, God wot. But free limbs and a bore head, hare feet and a free soul, are gifts from the treasure- house of Nature, though now per haps somewhat soorned and made light of by the qualms and whimsies of a high sniffing world. " Income of one bundled pounds a year," cries Carlyle, " and no dry rot in the soul of you anywhere; inoomeof one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry-nnd-wet rot in {he e'ogl of you (ugly appetites, unveraaitips, blusterous coups) fe, 0i>f) probably—as fymbcfl of a)l things—o pot-belly ' ' ' to ypqr poor fcody iteelf) i oh) my friotide V ' —2'emjxe Bw. 