YaSTERDUA afternoon tho Bishop of Goulburn bold a confirmation service in St. Saviour'o Cathedral for candidates from Goulburn and the snborbs. A largo congregation nseembled to witness the interootiog ceremonny. The service began with singing the hamn Our blust Redeemer. The Rev. E. H. Hood, noting precentor of the cathedral, then read the preface to the service. The Bishop, standing near the lectern at the entrance to the sanotuary, delivered a short address, pointing out that the ordinance of conflrma tion was of biblical origin as related in Aots of the Apostles, eighth chaopter. Hoe tha spoke to to the candidatoes, direting their attention to the two parts contained in ton ordioance. The first was God's part, to give His Holy Spirit, and this He was prepared to do for all who asked Him. The other part belonged to the candidates, and that was to decide to give thmslroves to OChrist with a desire to serve him faithfully. The Bishop then put the question requisite to ha answered by candidates for confirmation, or. pressing their desire to renounco the world, the flesh, and the devil, anod to live here. after a godly, righteous, and sober, life. The candidates replied and prayer fol. lowed. The hymn Come, Holy Ghost, our Souls Inspire was then song by the candidates and the congregation kneeling. The Bishop then administered the rite to each candidate. The numbers confirmed were noas follow:-St. Saviour's pnrish, O5; St. Nicholas' parish, 16; Christ Church parish, 16; total 67. The girls were attired in white, denoting a desire to live a pure life. The Bishop again addressed the candidates and asked them to take the eighth verse of the fist ohapter of the Acts of the Apostles as their guide tbrough lifo, and requested them to make use of the power they had received by bearitig witnoesso for Christ in their homes, at their schools, in their hosi. nese life, in the ohourh by being proesent at its servines, and by observing the Lord's Day nod being regular in their attendance at the Holy Communion. Hehopod to seon shortly a onion of communicants formed in St. Saviour's parish with the objectof assisting one another in their Christian life. The confirmation service was than concluded. A collection was made in accordance with the usual prao. ties at confirmation services in this dionese in aid of the Church Society. The hymn, Jesas I Have Promised to Serve Thee to the End, was sung, and thoe Bonediction by the Bishop concluded a solemn and interesting servsie. 