A BIBJ) OF PASSAGE. BY B. M. CKOKER. CHAPTER XXXIX. 'thb maeket giel.' ' We met — 'twas in a crowd.' — Haynbs Batlet. (Continued.) Just ©b the eonvQi'sntioa X7aa becoming most exciting, thooo two tell countrymen moved away. Wot five sainutea artorwardp, Darby's own well-known huoky 3qaoak fell upon Helen's em?. Littlo did ho guess who it wna that r?as sitting with Lio? back to h'viR ia tho pink duzj bonnet. Ho woo accompanied by c companion, and thoy wol'o ovidontly about to clinch sonio .bargain. ' I'm not vot'y owoto on that Seobeh r/aiokey,' oaid tho latter, ' it hao not sko right oorfc of bite in it to piano -bo 2 An' aow Darby, mo boy, phot's tho lowest you mo going to oay £ol? the oald lady P' ' Oald lody ! Holy Scinfc Pafo'iclr, clo yoa lioar him P io it tho yoaog, whita, okoft-hornod cow, on he? second calf P' ' I juat mono tho big boay cov/ you nro striv ing to stick rao with, for twenty-throo pounds. Helen pricked Qp hos eaL'a — twonty-thi'GO ^jouado ! * * i§eo hoi'G, JaEGQ Caooy, av I wan to d?op down -^0a(J' ^a bleoood laioot-s, I won't take a |jOjf_pein~ny 1cd3 than tho twenty pounds, and ?only I'm u ^-^ pveDs-od for money, and ticaan io bad I would **'iV0 ^Ol- ^OEa0 a?ot!0 rae- Shs'd be chape at nVo-anJ*6^? : G, P0^*?0 eo?; A*' jo know it I oo jo b.^ 3f. ow Pl°yiDR f»^ ffle' as if I woo trying -to' anlljou do oald Kerry Stripped Take bQe ov 1d-'° bf ' y°.?QV'? keeping others off, end tho Ui? io St^mS rHin-, » ? After tea minutes o? iho fa ^Gai oaa&ann;^ and many loud invocations and a™**1 Dtl0°s ori both oideo, the bargain v/ao clot'*0','. ?nd lG Helen's great joy, oho Daw twoaty J^fby oao pouad notes eouatod icto Dai'by'd hoi'o^ ^fa', the price o£ Daisy. Tbo fail' wqb getting s . ^!n' as ho bad aaid, aod an tho olocli vycs s^riki n^ tvyelve. eho end hoe emviv cast amoiffod ifvom the melee o£ pig0, okoop, aad tnr£ kioheu, aad wovaog q Mcmdly faffar/oll to LarFy oha pro ceeded homoc7Gi'da at a bnnk ti'ot. Katnvolly, moot o£ hex thougHi'to were oeeBpied bs/ Gilbert liialo, and. oho uqd eonoEEiod by a bu?Diog de ai?e to hnoi? i£ ho bad I'acogoizad ko? P Hcd it been only QmosoiLaoat at d Rorioao libeoooD thcit she hod read io thoi glciicoP — a glaneo that re vived o Dpipjt that oho thought wao laid ; it stirred — it Feeolled doyn of painfnl endorarjee, nights o£ tec^fl. ' Hutyover, that ia ell at an aad now,' she asaarod horeolf, half aload. 'Thank goodncsa I havo livod it dowo.' Sbio cast one or two opologefcio thoaghta to Darby Chaie; yes, hoi1 conocionco Dmoto hei' with regard to him. Davby, nftor all, rcan oa honegt, opriftht mna ! fioaving io belioviog ; ho had done oa much to Gall Dfliby to good advan tage— 08 il sbo had bean his own propoKty. ' 0HA.PTEE XL. ' barrt's challenge ' '' , 'f The place is haunted.' Hood. Thsb Master's trot proved to be o mere flash ia 'thefP&a;, and after a mile tho aged animal onb= ? nitiftd into bis noraaal peco— namely, a doaaltoey and e^yctic scroll. Hio driver, v/oaried by thio monotonouo firawi, olightod, acd Gceoonpaoisd ?the eopt on feat, r;cL'iing at tho saulo'u head 'With hoi1 oan-boQBot sOtod ovos.' hop face, and lfaeff thonghta milea av/ay— say an icai' aa B^lly ifedmond. Pi'ooeodinu Io tfctio aomev7hat aboont ?Jashioa, it eoeno to pass that ia turning o cornei3 €he nearly fell into tho ai-ms of Barry S!io?idaD, uhos tokiOR hoi? fok1 what nhe vopvooonted at tho grot glance, oselairaed, ' Hallo, my Beauty, 'da yoai'Dolfj' bnf, ' Tho dsuco ;' 'Tho devil!' were hie coaeljsdiag eiacnlationo, as ke rouog nized tho Gzowmave maio, and soHjething £ami» liar in tho cat of tho mat-list giu'l'o pink eun bonnofc— not to raention iho fneo that waa undep .it. Finding uoraelf fairly eoaghf, end that .«? soopo v?aD oat of ftho qaootioa, Holco veaolvrd ^o EBcbo a vii'tae oic necoeoity, ond to becaon it ont to the boot of ho? ability. 'What tho miochiof docs this mean P' ko Jbluotored, DQtho?itativoIy. 'Itmoonti that Sally bao aui'4 boi1 foot,' obo ?j?etat,ifl-3» with eomploto coraponnvo, and opoak ??ide ia tb.°p naiaral voice, ' and I have boon hoi1 ,inosb fiuc'ejsofal oabaututo ' ' Boliioi? y^'11' l°nff w^rdo ! Do you moan to ??tell aao yoG hQ7G boon oelling vogotublco nud .bnfctei' ia To^'yDfii'ooriP1 ?' I do,' oho avawoi'od gaily. ?'Theu,, aot dono old Malnehi, but ovovy Njaothot'o nou /.h Gi-oaraoi-o io wad. I'm blest if ?I evo? QQC7 c-'jytfaiog to befit thin,' fjnrvoying iaolon and 'iol1 .eos.tctao, nod hoi1 flntto^iugly ? jarupty cost, r/itla rzrat^ifel amazoiaoaf. ' You aood not bo oliHT-aod .? ,eo ouo joeognizod itne, ©sooptin^ Larry E'lood— tho ^4 io atill in the bog, unless yoa lot it oat/ ' What pat it into yoar kaad to go play-Ac^BK r.j»houc the coontry, alomy v/ith tho market, cost # tWn*t did you do it for P' ] ' Merely U- mahe money ; an aniole that is mother sosrc© at tb@ ,p.astle. Zou hardly sup pose that I did it for a joke, do you, or for pleasure P' ?Well, all I can say is, that if I had anything to say to you ? ' ? Which you have not/ she interrupted quickly. * There you gos go Banal— snapping tho nooo off my faco. I v/aa oaly aaying if I had. Hovr evep, I'm glvA onoagb. to ekso£ you ia aay ahape — bIoho.' Helen glaaood at Me saoi'vonaly, nad united to heci' tho ocqaol to thio i'alhot1 QigaiSoGDt jto ma?k. 'Yoa goo, up at tho Cootie, yoa have Dido pinned to yoau olbor7 all day, and 1 aovoc .^ot a V7o?d \7ith you.' ' It QeoiLjja to mo ihat yon got d good saaay, all tho saiaoo' e Wall, not tho word. Look horo, Holoa. Of eouroo I kaovj that yon ave on'y a teacho? in a school, and have aofc a ahilling to bless youvnolf with, oad osvoii1 will havo— worao lock ; but you arc a thundoring p?otty gisl, cod I am vary spoony oa you, go hoi^o goea. Will you aaarey 330?' 1 1?' oho ojaeulitod with a gaop o2 inerodu lity. 5 Yao ; you to be oui'o ! Who also P' oppi'oacb ing bio arm affoetioniitaly to hop waiot. Bat o voi'y ehavp rop oa 6ho knacklao from tho stick oho earned in hoi1 haad causad him to chang his mind. ' Gome now, you don't mean that, I koovy p' ' Yss, indeed I do ! pleaso keep to yoai1 owu aido of the road.' 'And is it to bs yes P Am I not speaking to the fu'.uve Mjs. SheyidanP' he inquired with an air of jaunty confidence. ' No, indeed you a?e not !' 'Oo, I say! you ape not in euvnest !' in n banttping tons. ' Thick it over. I'm aot a bsd sort of a fallow, I've a snug littlo ploee. I'm old Mainchi's heip, I'm quite a cateb, I can tal! yoa— you might do worse.' J Impoasible !' she esclaimed aooeniully. s Do you mean to toll mo you avo ocji'ioas ; do yoa iHoan ao to toko no in oauneat-P ~E*a?, wind, you, I'll not ook you agaia,' speaking with csrijjry vchemoaco. £ I ifoally E23GQH bo ! Yoa may ooBoidak1 thai' tbo bonoai' io dccliaod.' c And pi'ay, why did you ooeonrago mo, and pi'otsDd yoo were food of me, ch P' 4 You mnoi bo out of your, aoasea £o nay oo.5 'Wot c bit of it! You did oncout'opo mo, flh\Hag aad arguiQf.;, and making ohtvrp cpseehoe jaoc iti nttract my aofieo ood draw mo oa ; why ciay ono could dog it with half an eye !' At thio -iSHDzing otatemenfc tho littlo roHsnanfc of iho lady's temper coo3pletoly gave way, a»d halting in She read, aad turning to him with bbzing eyo0, oho eaid : ' M?. Bit'^y Shciidon, a few plain tpothg shall be ppokea bo yoa for ones in vour life. I would not EQQi-fy you if yoa. woi'o a king. You are rod:'! ; you are igno;ont.' 'Wo, I'm not/ ho intorrupted fa?iougly. ' Yop, yoa are,' aho continued ioflosibly. 'Only last nigbt I heard you pointing tho constella tion of Q'Bnoa'o bolt! and you conaot spall two r/ofdo ; you ore ignorant and boofigh. This rany bo your saaioforfcane, not your fault; bot it is youR1 rault ihat you two oolfish aad ovei'bearieg, end as voin ac tho £rog in (ho foblo. Yom IfflDginOj you pooiJ bliad oatHob,' mixing Iiap Eaetophoro ia tho heot of. her irr/° totion, ' thofc any ono ole tho giila in tho county would w&wy; yoa ! II you asked them they would laugfa io you* faco. If you do not btlievo ma, you cde roaka tbo osperimonJ', 4hat°o all. You will hove to impyove vosy much Hodsed, boforo yoa saay nopiro to the hand of any lady, however ponnilooi?.' So say ing, cho lightly aitched heraylf upontheoacfc, gave the mulo a boDg with Iiei1 otick, and pottlod aoioily owoy. Hoien'o I'etarn wna hcilod with acclamation ; hos.3 eoooino, who had long been on tho look out, oaet her at tho gate, ond oocoi'tod her to tho kitchen, whoro ohe pourod oat her oapn icgn and rondefod a faithfol oceount of hex doalinga to Solly — Sally, who c?oos-esamined has atavply, and wes tfanoparently jet-loua of bet1 Qncceop. Indoed, tbo only poor consoli fcioa loft Miso MocGravy was, that Hies.1 deputy had foiled cyifcb. tho 6£.-pGiri?ov-gJasD.' 'One and sispenoo, mios, I touli ye, aad yo took tbo shilling ! hotvevor, yo woeo clovor with tho caa'iflo\V(i'9, aud on tho whole, yc dono well !' ' I ohonld ---rathei' think sbo had douo well !' oaid Dido, sweepag up tho silver. ' What are you f/oing to s*y (o thoai ntxfc weak, Sally, when fchey all come fishing foe tho amast now girl r ' Ob, fais, ife'o not many will do that, they ovo rno.'tly fcoo oaynts&t; oftei* bargains — bat if they do, I'll joufc tell a good ono whan I go about it, and faeo them fill down, that thes;o wag ao'or D ono in it, but tayseif !' 4Yju won't find it easy to Eflyko thooi b-)liovo that,' oaid Dido omphatictlly ; 'that v/oald be a good one w.tii a vengeance!' tokir.g hoi' cousin by tho arm on i loading her afOrctiouctoly to ihe uppft vofiiono, whei'o a dolicato liltlo eopnot awaited her. Holoia baviag givou hov rolntivos a BaodiGod account of hor advoDturos (in vzhich shodv7o!t on Larry's fcrociauo guardianohip, ba skipped all muitiou of tho two mobt ihi'illing incidcuto of tbe day, i.e., Gilbert Liulo's uncsp'ctod ap poo?dnoe, and Bavry'o unwolcomo propcsal), wos oon.DidQred to have richly earned the jight to enjoy a time of pare and QQ&Hoyed; idle ness, Tho whitoQ blindo in tho drawing-room we?e pulled down to keep out tho eun, the ooBhoo woro up to admit a little breezy and oho lay back in a cosQfortoblo chci -, watohiDg Dido'o buoy fingers at work. Pi'esontly hop consia looked ap acid aaid, 'I dozi'fckaow whofchsp it's fcho colour of tho blinds, oi1 what, Helen, but you look completely cJodo ap. I'ea ah'aid that tho odventueo this motiiing wos too nauch for you !' 'Oh, bo, not tho loaa*. — my avws aro o littlo otiff f?oin dsiving tho mule, that' a all ; tough io no dqzqo for him !' 'Only iGoey yoai1 making coarly Svo poundo!' lajing dowa hoi1 work gs oho opeko. ' I £3ado Eaore than that— something which I havo not s'aown yoa/ putting he? hand in hop pocket, oad holding it ootj with q soveraign in hei1 iobIds,, 5 Gold !' s Yoo. Who do you think i'odo up ond tossed it dowa csaong the eabbage-loavcc, and asked for a flowos.1 P' ?Fot- aofcMi'. LialoP' 5 Ygo5 but it wns Mi1. L\e)e.° 4 And you — did you fain* P* s Not I. I otooped a^d pretended to be tying say ohoe tho raoraont rice? I recognized him. Of crui'se ho soy have bscn &t3ring; nt me foi' fivs mmntos, fos1 all I know. JN'o doubt ho thought the saayket giil hod & lcok of his forsaav awe-otheavt', and ho thvp(7 bet a sove voigDj qs a kind of liitle raWe fco his con science,' cor.tstDptuouoly balancing tbe sail coin od hes middle finger. Poy quite a zmauta Dido did not sns^er. Thovo was not a s:u-id in tbo rjotn, ezoept tbe lazy flapping of the window blind. At length she oaid rRther reproachfully : ' Helen, I think if I had occ1) oare d for a per son, gs yoa certainly did for Mr. Lisl?, I could siot spa&k; of hira bo bi'tetl?.' ' I am §UFe you could net ! Bat you are nafu rdly fa? more cmisblo than I cm, and yous illaoioaq have aevep bean chattered. The list t',7o years bnvo hardened me. I seem fostund alone in the world. I have no pro'octo? bat HoIgb Dsnia. 1 uoe my nator*1! weapon, my tonguo, it'cthoL1 E3Qycils3sly ;. oliD^pj cutting fipoocheo oeem to clip out o'c m? month uo awovep, and they hui't uo ono half f-o much as thoy do ma, aftai'WtU'ds — when 1 am sorry !' SI neve? heai'd you say uoything ohovp, until that apeeeh about Mr. Linlo, Now that be is in the country, how will you moot him P' ' Cevtoinly not 'in sileaeo aad tccvp,' like the individual in tho sor g ; most probably with a sailing allnr-ioa to out' forsaoi1 delightful oe quaintaneo.* ' Now, HbIgh, you know you woaV.' 'No! Woli, then, wo shail pvobobly shake hands, ond say — 'How do you doP Wbr.t lovely weatboe wo mo having.' Thcfc wiilbe oil.' At bhis njioJiJonttb.o door v?as thrown o:-on with a violence that shcok ito anoio-t biag-s. aod Katie, who bud been obneir tvr since dinnep. -ime, burot into tbe coon, Sba wen breathleos wi'.h excitement, hot' ehaeko wore cFimnoa, aad thFL1o was oortainly a spa?k of triumph in hor eye. ' Gii'ls !' oho gaopocJ, ' what do your think Iiqq UQppouod P No, I'm not going to lot you gueog, because I can't keep is anothoi.7 Eoeond— Baury boo caked sbo tosioray him !' An awful paBQO enoued, aad then Dirlo ooid, ib a ohoi'p voieo, ' Aod of course you sa'd no !' 6 And o!c coui'oo I said yeo ! Only imagine my having Dpvopo9Ql beforo you, Melon !' dartia^ an osultont look ct hop pyottv, palo couoin, who now '?uidonly unclasped her bonds from behiad hotj bfa-3, and gat up erect, and looked cit.h&D; witli ey-'O wida with horrified ourprise. Vanity is cno of thoQD cunouo elements io human n&taro; which de?y ovory i'nle, and im pel tbo victim into tho mo it unQspoetod coui'oes. Bavi'y had been put on bis mot'le, -?jnd be woe uesolvod to ohow Mipg Dea;s bou miotako cst any cost. Accordingly ho effsred tuoafcelf. to tho very fipst young lady he met, who happened! to bo her cousin, Kotie, and hero, within four houyo of Holea's' scornful i'ejflotion of his hand, he was eagegod to o gill undor the sarao gooic as heraolf ! Tho long os= citing day, tho unexpected c-ncoun'ei1 with Gilbert, Barry's proposes!, and Barry's revonge, wofo too much for hov ovor-wroaght nerves ; to the horror of Dido, ond tho omszoment o? Katie, tboir couoio roceived tbe new^—ond s^e, who had always boen so dov/n on Bas?ry--ia a a'orm of hyistsncal fcoara. The nost day brought the euccessful suitor to Oyowraoro to receive tho congratulationa of bin fs'ioud3; his attitude wos one of eulky triumph as ho nodded his aobnowladgmetit of Diio'e tepid felicitations, and Biddy's brief greeting Biddy, who had more thau osice imnartod to tho bvido- oloet that 'o:o c?onld not g-urlgo Mi1. Bnvvy q good beting, to take tho c nsato out of Mtu !' Pov ojco h^ obtaiaoc na intev view with his uncle, and then ho sought Hoi a — bat nfc fiff-t oho woo nowhe-ro to bo. norn ! All tho aftevnoon oho hod baeu digging dandc lion roota cut of tho gravel, wi-.h a kitchen knifo, a very oKcopoi'citing performance, end now, with aa aching back, oho waa oiijiying woll-oai'uod I'opono uadoi' a boech-trco on -ho lawa. Sbo hud ocavcoly begun to voaliza tho delight of this osquif-ito Augnnt cvoning, scoreoly turnod o page of hoi' b;ok, when, to hot1 givafc dingust, oho heord o loud 'chem,' and. looking up, behold Barry — Entry, gczinp; at hor with angry, vindictivo oyco ! Hio re cent penchant had boon speedily sopLcad by G gcod, sound, subatantial hatred, which he wqs Dt no poina to keep out of his countenance^ Helen ra'sod her heod ond looked at him, ond boheld dofianco in hio port, and tmjrnpb. io hia glance. No robuff, ao fcjgction, ooald queaola tbo unquonchablo. 'So you soo you wero wrong!' feo Qaoefed; ^who is tho ostrich now- who io fcho frog, ehP I wondoi1 yet! s,'io aot abovo eolliog poop'Q aoRcs!' ' Go away, a^d don't dara to opsofe to mo, si? !' * But I will speck to you !' ho potopted de fiantly, £Yoh_ooc, wiih all your fiuo tslt, tho vovy first girl I otked took mo, and waa glcd o£ the ohaaeo V HoIgq morely lifted hov oyoo ogoia cm& looked at him with frank dioguDl;. ' I'm_ going to livo horo ; tho old follow Qgraeo. Kctie is his favoarito dcughtop, nod aay woy, it io high tisso to fcako tbo taoooy out ox Mo hands, aad that thovo was somo nooo peraoa over tho ppoposrty ! I shall givo Parby Ohuto tho s?iek,° ho grinned at Holon, and sao peod isa hia eysa thofc she would undoubtedly c gofc the sceb ' also. 'Of coa rag you'll say nothing to thom ofeoit yesterday,' dropping hio £ono of cutbotity irot? one of qutralouq entreaty, and his eyoo fell oe D:_do atd Kctio, hurrying aoroso tbo lawB. ' You keep who? I oaid to you to youroolf P' ' Nsed you ankp1 slis cotuvood ocos:afully. 'Come away from undei' tho h'oo. aad oi6 upon these fhawlsl' ctiod Ka'ie; c Tlxat bencCi is go unnocitiblo. Hgvo,' spvoading it go also spoke, ' is oqo for you and imp, Barry, nad you may smoke, io keep av7ay tbo midfieo.' ' I don'fc want your lonve to do thai,' u-as fclso gallant reply, aa he firing himself at tho feet ole bis lady love, and commenced to blow clondg o£ tobacco into iho oii\ Prcsontly ho soid, e Hou^ much did tbe cow fetch, Di3oP* 5OnlyoistoBD pounds — I' n ao dioappobtad ; but D.orby gtiid ha was glad to got ifcs do thes?©. wm's no buyers of dairy otoob— only Dhip= ' Sistooia pounds !' eoEjood JHloloo. ° As?e yoa saioP' ' At) diqvo dd any oao van bo5 who has th 0 ?Boni-y in their pocket. Dnrby bjougbfc ifc ap thio afternoon.' ' Thoa, Dido, Darby hoo robbed yoa— pobbefi you shacaefully I I overheori hian soil the oow y stoi-d ay, and I saeanfc io uavo told yous but other thingo put it ont of my head ; Iio cold beg for twenty poaodo — no wonder pooplo ooy ho hoo feathered his aeot !* 1 Ob, Holen,' ci-iad Dido sn diooaoy, ' wSjd6 io thio you aro tohiag ao p' ' Juot what I'vo been Soiling yo« iroi? tlie 1qs6 vear, and you won Id aot listen to mo/ oaid Barry in q loud voice. SI nlwDyo know he Fobbed you out of tbo iraeo !' It dooE) not often happen fcli&fi; twico withiga twsntyfouv hoars a men's predicJono ore £a! fiilid to tha letter- Baby's atai' was un doubtedly in tho aseondeafc, he literally swelled with' {ffiamph, _ ' I saw tho moaoy ooantod into hio hand,' ooa fciaued Davby'a cccuoor; 'twenty ono- pound notoo, and I thought how plaaood you would be, and —ho kept back four !' ' I'vo a_ great saiad to go doi7n to him this, very evening, and impeach him to his face. I obppoeeJiQ hao bcoa doing thio all along. Bib vondaiL1 1 caa't mako both oads meet !' _ ' Doh'e go to-night,' saidJEotio gi-avely, s woit till to-morrow. I hoar John Dillon is about ogoia — he shot tbo Ct'owmoro gvouao bog yeatos day.' ' I always know that ho wos eofchiag bat Q poticiioi1. Why don't oomo of tho pooplo' fey and cotek him?' inqEii'od Helen calmly, 'But it is Joha Dillo a— osoefcly aa ho wao ia tbo flosh — ho bas be-ja seen aouvoa o£ tioseo ! Why, you Daw Mm youfoolf, Boi'vy, you musfe have mot him P' oaid Eot'o, appoaling to hoe lovov with judicious docility. 1 Yoo, and I would not moot him again foe o oaillioo of Eooney, Catch him, indeed ! that's Q good joko! You know the mao that wnoiound loot win tor drowned in Q bo j hcla ; thoy ooy he was soon struggling with a big blcck figure on tho brink, and that It wes John Dilloa pufc him in, and no loss !' ' I don't boliove in Dilloupo ghooi; — a ghost that ohoofs end tmokos !' rotocfeod Holen ocora fallv, ' I toll you wha--, Mips Helen Donig, it is oil very fine for you to any vou don'c boliovo this, ond vou doa'c boliovo that —talking io ooay. I'd have corao vospoct for yout1 opinion if you will otart off now, alone, and walk to tho black gate ind back— thio,' glancing up to the eky, ' isjuat about hin titne.' ' Do leavo hor alone, Barry,' osclaimGd Didoe irvitably ; 'why ocg you two nlwoyo wrangling ?rifh each olberP Hoiun, you aro not to thinfc o£ ^oing.' ' Yoo !' voturaod hor eoaoia, pioinff, 'I shoald' like o walk. I'll go, if it io only to prove to you ai.d Katio that I have naoro couvagoin my little fing.-.i- than othof peoplo have io their whole body.' 'D) ni^on that for mo p' doiacadod JBappp1 fi'L'caly, iriuiug on hio elbow ao Iio opoko. ' I'v tho cap fits, woav it, by all aaoana I You 0'iid a monnunt ago that you would not foes Dillon foe ii tniilion. I don't cavo a 2f-;for Dilloa -—and I'm going io moot him now !' Mora than thio, oho wno ongor to coizo t!iG ex euae to havo a nieo loag stroll through the woods bj^ bei'salf, in order that sbo might arrange heg idoao and meditate at loiouro— icor, thanks to ht| offeetionat? cousins, Ph-\ x&Kely; hod q moment olono. * Do you think you will catch him, or will he catch you?1 inquired Barry rudely. To thifl sho made no reply, and resisting Katie's eogei-, almost tearful entreaties, she snatched up a shawl, and 8p«'d away across the grass ; and as Bhe did eo, Barry shouted after her— 1 Mind you carve your name on the gate, to prove you go there at all !' (To be continued.) 