lktelaye<r TfiXTOR IX. " 1 irGoMEfKutD.! ' T ' The phdowt>f a smile cnmc into her hard, bright black eyes, when she saw who it was — a gleam ot malace, trinmph it might be, Tioi oT plea?tfne.s j M Ae you zriarried again, Sifth.Asksdl her vi&itojj.; r r "" Y«,T amT 11 What brotht yon Wr ?" 1 " The|place was to be given up. Gratohcl applied and got it. i " Is Oratchel your husband name ?B 4 Yea sir." - « i " OHrtn, aw yon KtrnwTnat 1 iivoo in xnis vicinity plm'yori got the place" 11 Certainly I Jtnew it. 41 "Where is your hosband now ?" 4' He's np 'tending the light. Will be down in abppt/tifpwintbb." | 44 he know anything aboftt me ? 41 Not that I knows of." 44 1 wiah yon had stayed away -from hpre,. Surah.' " IV) yon 71' 44 V« with all my. heart. I consider your j coming ao war "Tne m breach of faith. J hope you have no bad intentions toward me;" She did not answer, nor did the bold eyes wince or give any indication of what she thought'; she just looked squarely at him, While lier visitor looked down, and np, and sideways before be 'met her piemngjeyes. "I thonglit I left you comfortahly settled for life." 44 My t'other old man was a drinking man. Ho <ij»ent the most o' what yon left roe." 44£ook here, since your 'husband knows nntlring about mc I don't care to have him Fee me here to-night. He will naturally think strange of it. I would like to sec you to morrow, a few moments alone." 44 finrt yourself." 44 'I will bo down on the beach about ten in the morning; You can conic out to look for kindling wood, w something. The meeting will ;be accidental." 44 Yea. Have yon any liquor about yon? J'vr-caqght cold moving, and the jug's empty," Vivien took a small silver flask from his cunt. "There is a little brandy that 1 keep with j ni<\- when 2 am out on «xcurainns. You can return the flask to-tuorrew. Sarah, do you drink?" " Lawk ! tio, sir. I take a drop when I'm c»ld or sipk. I? mc or ironc drnuk we couldn't ho' tWfoaoon to keep." He looked relieved at th'S answer ; then, heariug a heavy step .coming down the spiral stnircat otlhe towcrv lie wtmtjiasaly otjt. The summer's storm, tiercw hut brief, was nearly over when Vivien found his horse again, mid a silver half-moon was hanging over the toner of Crcvclhug Manor as he entered his own place. 44 Why, hnw wet von ore." said his.ralet, ns he went into the house. " I thought voo roust have stayed-until the rain held up. 111 bring > yiu) your dressing-gown this niiuutc, sir. M'ill yon havtua hpt punch, Fir ?" 4,rX IwhetT J witthat and strong. . I am thoroughly chilled. I want something to make roe sleep. Let "U be mBdc and brought up to me in bed, to which I am going this minute." The; pooch, when it came, wasqaite up to the order given — hot and strong. Its be numbing influence brought heavy slumber to /ric (iia Imr? uliin Imwid flrinir «'irto /imn li wqs.pcvcn o'clock of a rooet fresh and lovely rooming, when Vivien awoke from the stupor info which lie had snuk. Jnnies brouglit sodo and water and prepared a bnth. 44 Send this to the station instantly. Let Varley saddle the black horse and take it. It can "1m delivered in London by eight." " Yes, jgr.- It eati be -done (easy enough. When will yon breakfast, sir ?" I 41 As soon as I am dressejj»-r9ay in an hour." With his dressing-gow otL BasiJ. went to the window of bin sloepfrigchfliuVr and looked o0p(ea)ever cerq'the world piore Vit«Brfa.,ijRi fDirpwing np ifclipjr glit- teripg jkweri, wi flower-beds - bloomings 1 lis t reea gvig igiitly in Jte opol freeze, b is Ia>reariug ib jewels (Of Jt2w»m that ball' fidieti fhe prevWMw Ti'ght. Vivien 5lace grew j inifB 'fliarpimg ivery day. It fairer breathed of wipallliandinxury. And ;t was all his. He lofiked out at the sunshine and glory, and groaned. 4Cnrse 1>erV' be hissed between Ins hnt teeth the next moment. 44 Curse her I Why ha? she come here, and at this time ?" Then, bethinking himself of the sharp ears of .the obscqujoua jJamea, be bit his lips, forced away .the frown with which he confronted the annimer rooming, and turned placidly. to have his toilet made. He was so used to acting a part that it had beqome oetond nature to him. Tfc 4 dainties of the breakfast-table could not tempt his appetite. He divejl into tlie pink heart of a melon, and brought ont a crisp, cool, morsel, but iliat was distasiefril to bin. Drink ing a glass of iced milk be left the breakfast- room-fr the -grounds, faring firet ordered his light road-wagon to be brought out at nine. Everything out -of .doors smiled upon faitn, but i tlve jierfnme had gone from the flower, the htaom £xpm tiretpech. b«ck to the boose, and stayed a little while with the decorators, who were still st- wnrkrin-iia fotore wife's -boodoir ; here he c riUcfsedbe design b wnd found fault with the execution ; in abort, was cross. The painters smiled when he went out, saying 'they feared £fce young lady had yefoied him.jor .iieao jooonetting with some one flse. It would jve |gkep ithoni An age to jgueae the real cause of their employer's ill-humor. ' He went from tlie boudoir to the spacious east jriaitrt od there he walked op and down, looking laldyaad ill but never resting for a , moment. . ""T 44 He's bnder €bejsujbtf ftitz said i Jaioes to John. /4 He Wtifrt ix>urtig jast night, and got soaked thcaagh.-tf Bung-bame. JI& . wui .« a .drownod rat, I was of bitt , and xiade him sgo'bpng pQaAef V wouldn't a been oat U5b moqtdng." At Jsrter post nine SimroonB, the: bend Jhf «»d%agp?) &t;>9ju b9: wbwb be hadjit two young and ai' Have 90a any borders, sir T - - "- ' th.'rijbe nrk ah bonr oriwo I - -p :V4»fc f»irt 4be word, and tbe gay an|maW da&oed; away, arith atdi lightoewaa y sodh rigor rhathe bad all be copll dolto %edptiiem of Kdilng the rjaufe btdiind smdi a pair, could fafee-ili spirits. . iBut 4be anidlals kt hiia busy.' ' :v Tn minute be flrMr them mp before the old- fashioned inn of the quaint old village of Wei too, ton H»e beach, eight miles from Vivien ?iace. jHirowing the rcina to the hostler, and bidding him walk them about the yard once or Iwice, and then rub them down, he went on down the street a few rods to the harf, where several fishing-boats were getting ready to go out He spoke to one and another of thetnen rather more condescendingly than was his wont. . Mr. Vivien was considored 14 an uncommonly 'aughiy and. 'igh-'anded gentleman " by most of the poor people, and affected an interest in their occupation which he was Tar from feeling. He sole a look at his wateh. It was ten ociocb so ne ieit iricciocK, ana got aown on the beach, where he sauntered off to the north. He had gone about half a mile, stopping to' pick np a shell here and there, or to toss a |K»bble into the water, as if he were merely strolling by the sea-side for his pleasure, when he saw a woman with a basket coming toward him. He glanced in every direction. There, was no living creature besides themsclve-s visible outside the distant villages. The woman stooped freqnently to gather something which she put into her basket. 41 She docs the thing well," said Vivien, 41 Oh, Heaven i bow I bate the eight of the creature J" He tdok off his bat and turned his pale Tore- head toward the cool sea breeze, which was per fectly delicious pfter the fright a thnnderstorm. He drew in long breaths ©f dre refreshing air. as if strengthening bimsolf lor the dreaded yd necessary interview. In a few minutes the woman liad come np« x>site him. aud set her basket down on the wet sand. "She pointed toward the village as if 1 asking him a question. Any one cluuicing to observe their meeting would liave said that tbc jioor woman had stopped the gentleman to ask iiim some question about Melton, where she was s rtranger. 1 41 Sarah, you know what I have come here for ?" 4- Oh, no, sir ; not till yon tell me." 44 When I heard from you last, one year ago, you told me thai you had heard that she was dead " Oh, vc?, sir ; that was trae." 14 Wd! ?" It was but a word, but his whole life seemed thrown into the brief question 44 1 did hear so, sir." 44 Have yon beard anything more ?" 44 Yes, 1 have." " Was the report coafirmod 2" "What?" 44 Is she dead ?" -l Yes," The piercing eyes attempted to read her very thoughts. She looked at him without flinching- 1 At last she s|»okc defiantly : 44 You are glad to hear it — glad to hear me say that she is dead." He avoided the implication. Very gently, as if lie might possibly be sorrr, be asked : ' Ciya you give roe any "of the particulars ?" I 44 What for? Perhaps you would like to put up a tombstone ?" sarcastically. 44 1 would, indeed, if there were any agent I could employ to do it." 44 She don't need none, sir. She'fi buried too deep for that." 44 Then she was drowned ?" 44 Yes; just as I told you before." 44 Are you positively certain of her fate ?" " .tnsf jig ivrtnin ns a lrsnn ran ho of what she dou't see herself. I had it from pdc o'lbr men ; lie told me all about it. Poor Mandy j Can't you say, for one little minute, you're orry for her ?" 44 1 am sorry for her — -but not for myself, Sarah. Why should I play the hypocrite to you ? You know that her doth places me io a far freer and easier position If Leonid undo the past — if I could place her back to the time wlien she was a happy child, X would do so. With all inv hqjjt J wpuld make her e child again if I could. But tliat does not lie in our power. As it is, I canoot be sonr. Why. Sarah, it is good news yon "bring mc — good news," 4 Didn't yon know as how she was dead ?" ' not entirely positive of it, although, ofooarse, I thought so." "Ten her ghost never come o' nighU and stood fiX, the foot o' yoyr bed ?" 41 1 am not superstitious. I should be no more afraid of her ghost than I was of her I don't think ehe lias ever paid me a visit." "Then sfie is kinder than I would be. If I was her, I'd never let you sleep one night in peace. I'd get up out o' the deep water, an' I'd walk into your room, all dripping with sea weed .and brine, and I'd call you a bad name — a bad name — -that I wohli." 44 Do not -talk so," said the gentleman, with a slight_shiver. " X did not know tbatyoa (eh so hard toward me, Sarah I thought you bad realised how I was placed, and had almost for given me. Have I not jbeejo geoerous pj yoo , since X had money to be generous with f " 44 You're free enough o' the stuff to me, I will say, but it does me email good now. Once it might a made Unrigs easier, but now. ail 1 want is my bite an' pup— a wee drop when I'm ailing— en' there's no trouble about getting tliat — Gratchel provides jue that. Once I were fond o' money ; it would a-done me good then. 44 1 am sorry you catne into this part of the country, -Sarah, very sorry. Yon ahoold have known that it would onuoy me." 44 What of it?" 44 Did you do ithec to annoy me ?" She saw the bngh£ devil leap into his eye, with which she was so familiar, and ahrnnk into a lees defiant attitude, and whined out her answer : "You know t didn't do that, sir. I've no intention of making you the least trouble. You ought to know by this time that I can keep my .month Miot 'jae close as a clam's. Gratchel be granted to get a change ; he wepried of the one lookout, an' this was to he bod, and be got ft. He knows no more tban the mas in the moon that I've ever met a person in these parts. "Do youswear to me;tbat noonebere shall aver know yje inet Lefore 7" ' \- M Y«,- (do awear it." OUrdhdseis rerywei/.ps (ar asjit gpes. And pow bced me. Sarah, I hare a row to make too. Xt f9:$his ;; Jort' sonidyas you iver breathe one whisper of oar past relations I will burl you from yonder tight-House tower into the sea at its foot Yob know ihat thy aril! js iron. Yur fife will not be worth a " jstWif aspect that yon are deceiring: -"> I , 1 . -7 ? iOH, Loid, ¥ow «n 2 tell what you may FiiBpect. You shan't hare any reason to doubt me, sir. lsnL that enough 4lYouw-i!l be watched, TcmembcJ that. So long as you mind your own business yon will prosper, you "Will iot lack for cnhifurts sucb as money can buy you. Jhit go to babbling, tattling one word, and yon will hear from me." He made w gesture toward the top of the toll tower that stood shining in the sunlight, and she shuddprod a? if she already felt herself hat.ging over the abyss. 14 Here is your flask, sir, and mrtch obliged." 4 An<J here is a pound note. Get something yon want with it. U tvlll not do to give you ninch at a time, or Gratchel will suspect sonie- tliing and question yon as to bow yon get it." "Gratchel is Honest, but he is slow and stupid." 44 1 will see that rod have enough to keep you in snuff and calico." 14 Thank you," 1 44 Sarah, iinoLhpr thing. I prefer telling you myself to hiving yon bear it from others. 1 am going to be married." 44 Lawk, sir, as if I didn't know that a'readvt I have seen her, too. She was on the beach when we jmsaed yesterday, an a pretty Vtulng creature she is, ns handsome as crrr I saw." .Basil Vivien drew a breath of relief. Some thing like « smile came into his colorless face ; ho had expected an angrr remonstranre. 44 You liked her looks, thcu?" he Laid, pleas antly. 4 I never saw but one lady that liked better; an' I've been over a great part of the world, as you know. She don'tquite come up to iny first mistress — no one ever did or will — but she's s beauty." 44 She is— she ie a lady, too. It will be a suitable match. Hut 1 must p4SB on. It will not do for us to be seen together." He walk«l on a little way. turned, passed Mrs. Gratchel picking np shrimps, nodded to her, oud was soon back in the inn calling for the hostler to bring out his team. He had not got oat of the village before the woman was in, going straight to (he shop where liquor was sold, from which she soon em erged with a well-filled jag- I1 would have disconcerted Mr. Vivien to hare seen this ; it was a weakness from which she had been free when he knew more of Her; bat lie did not see it and was a much happier roan returning on the road than coming. Indeod his 44 Bosom' loid oat lightly on his throne." Peace, security, seemed now to be his which had coquetted with lijm for a long time. He had hardly got out of the Tillage when he met Miss Crevclling. She was riding, ac companied only by her groom. She fairly dazzled him as ehc avrept past with the smile the gave him. It was thebngiuccMof the fresh, cool morn ing, the delightful exercise, the Ruyety of youth, that was in ihot smile ; a dimpleon the surface of her sparkling spirits, that was all. but to her lover it beamed with liope and encouragement. 6he would have entiled so awecLly on Jake, the onc-anncd rliop- keeper elect, hut Bassil did pot perceive that. He felt as if sncsess were assured. _ . _ Loth were going at such a paoe that he had jonlv time for a bow knd smile ; he half pulled lip. but site was far oirav ; flic had passed' him like a shooting star— only a glimpse of bright eyes, cheeks like roses, s light, elegant figure sitting Her horse' superbly, longbraids-of grJdte hair that glistoned io the sunlight. 4kt is iriftdnbss in me to wait," muttered the suitor. 44 1 must preas them for an vnajrer. By Jove! we shall be married in sir wrecks. It piiiet — shall be!. I will see Sir Hastings this morning. Why should I dally instead of reaching out end grasping the prize at once ? That woman's coining teaches roc a lesson I already knew pretty thoroughly — to seize the golden moment of opportunity. Hang that phe-devil I I could kill her with tlje greatest pleasure. Who knows how soon some report, fsome whisper, nnhconi by roc, oibj creep about, startling SirHaBtiogs and placing bim on hia guard. I mnst not dally nor allow them to. It will be in my favor that I am an ardent lover. I think she will not refuse me more than once or twice, Tliat stuilc was certainly encouraging. Here I am at the gate, and will imprpre the shining hour." He turned the horses on d passed through into the manor-house grounds. " 7c Ai'r Hufltinas GreFeiiinc at home 7" be asked at the door. 44 1 think, Sir, Le i" about a going through the draperies. Shall I 'ave your'orses put out, sir T! " No, not pnt©uti but seat to the yard for half on hour, if you please. I will walk about outeide antil I nud your master." He came on the old gentleman, assisting the gardener to nail bo me new runoers on the Sir Hastings feft bis amusement to join bis guest. ."Shall «rt.gt>Jri?" _ 44 Not unless yon prefer it, n They walked away rpi-n-onn, and finally. Bat -down in the shadow of a large oak. whose trunk was eucirc&drfth;'a rustic seat. M\Vhat a fine fellow," began Mr. Vivien; complimenting the tree, pot its owner; 14 he must be five hundred j'carp old." 44 DoubtJess-ioubde&b;, This measured tliree hundred years ago by a Gra velling, and the size stab the aaine Uien as now.' It is down in , the records." ...go.pf Pfiqijppbj-. J . 