A NEW FASHION IN GHOSTS. At A time when we begin to realise that ?sclenoe, philosophy, even theology, have had their phantoms and goblins that van ished at the dawn and tbe oook- orowing of new knowledge, it is entertaining to see what a different form superstition Itself has taken. There is distinctly a liew fashion in ghosts. The old- fashioned ghosts of romance, olad in long, white garment*, who always 'glided'— the readers of Frank Stockton's stories will remember the diffi culty with whioh the hobgoblin who in variably Skipped' kept step with the ghost who glided, when they went for a walk together— and who solemnly waved their hands for adieu when they disappeared through hatred and bolted doors, or van ished in open spaoe, are lost to us forever. The inscrutable etiquette of No Man's Land, that twilight wonderland, has been rudely overturned. A skeptical young friend of mine onoe suggested that the oharaoteristioB of its oode— perfeet noiselessness of en trance and exit, snhdued step and demeanor, silence until addressed— savored too much of departed butlers cr the shades ef gentle men's gentlemen.' Bnt, however this may be, all is changed, and 4 motley's our only wear.' In the late developments of .the societies for psychical researoh we see not even butters and valets but a lower set, presumably kitohen menials from their habits, or, at the best, the tramps and olowns of tbe spirit-world. Science has dealt tbe last blow to onr glider and vanish er, our ghost of awe and mystery. Not even a spectral finger has been left to beokoa, not a vestige of his robe to flatter in the galleries at dusk or on the winding stairways of the draughty and dilapidated mansions whioh he unaccountably preferred to frequent. Modern ghosBts are addicted to practioal joking. One was heard ' gobbling about like a turkey-cock close beside the bed '— we quote the narratives laid before the above-mentioned societies— and, again, 1 stumbling over boots and shoes, though there were nose there.' One account begins well. The ghoet is * a tall man, with a very pale faoe, and dark hair and moustache; tbe expression of his faoe is sorrowful.' But, alas, he shows the same prepensity. 4 Sometimes he is seen peeping arcund the side of an open doorway, Fomeiimes he steals up behind the lady of the house and slaps hor familiarly on the baok.' The like disappointment meets us in the following— also one of the best authentic ated stories : - The latoh of tbe door moved up and down ; the iron casement began to olatter, and also the lid of a warminp*pan !* Ghost of a departed inn-maid ! Perhaps murdered by a sensitive traveller forolat tering a real lid as he was about to sink into DiissKUl slumber. The unseen guiders of planohette are notatly given to tad habits. 'Especially when tbe band of the autom&tist; is ex hausted by h lorg and somewhat barren effort, the word 'devil* will sometimes be written orer aod over again with an energy tbat shocks the unsuspecting writer.* An English vicar testifies that planohette is sadly addioted to evasion and subterfuge, and shows ' a total indlfferencs to truth for its own sake, ooupled with what looks like a morbid dread of seeming to be ignorant of the reply to a question.1 The frequency of fibs and quibbles in the planohette— writing of this aeriouB olergyman again— suggests the tendency to mske game of the experi menter and play practical jokes at his expense. Intelligent purpoee er relevanoe are totally lacking, audit is well that tbe ghost of scienoe is supposed to possess the ebarm whioh in Miss Matilda Stubb's mind raised her lover above all other young men—' he was there '—for he has no other. In faot, we are told that ' the ghost usually acts in a manner indicating insanity or idiocy. 1 ' A man in a frock coat,' ana * a woman in a veil * are in the habit of entering a par ticular chamber at night and gaong upon many ' oases the only known occupation of the ghost is making night hideous with the crash of breaking glass or china. Another displays a fondness for heat— has any reference to the climate of its habitual resi dence ?— 4 standing near the fireplace or stove, but vanishing when addressed. In short,' says the compiler somewhat im patiently, ' not a single ghost of all that are brought before ub seems to have any purpose to act in a rational manner to accomplish anything.' ? Brought before us !' What a reversal of ancient law and precedent when even ghosts may be summoned by ecienoe, and examined like a housemaid as to moral chareoter and general intelligence. But it does not yet appear what fines may be levied or penalties enforced for misde meanors proved. It h a new fashion with a vengeanoe when we investigate with snoh a to&e; the unrestricted immigration ot illi terate vagabonds of the spirit world into onw.— Ella F. Motby. 