BnfRRnRB9m9iwn8miJBfVBBi'WUK..!r9'nns3ixiRBB THE OLD YEAR AMD THE NEW. 1S92 passed into oblivion in our n'.idst with j very little demonstration. The usual watchnight ; service was held in S\ Clements Churclt of Prodnnd. Owinv to the unnronituous condition ; cf the weather and muddy streets, the attendance 1 ol worshippers was not large. The service com- j menced at a quarter past eleven. The chotf chanted and sang several hymns. Canon Faunce preached a short appropriate sermon, and as the new year broke upon the scene the choir sang the Tc Deum, and the service finished. Outside on the street a considerable number of people were waiting the turn of events. As 12 o'clock approached the clouds cleared away and the moon shone bright and clearly on the scenes around. A number of young fellows paraded the streets, and made the usual demand upon the publicans, which was in most instances gratified. They sang a few songs and cheered lustily. Presently all was still, for the post office clock tolled out the first stroke of midnight, In the hushed inteival which followed each witnessed the death of a year full of incident to themselves and their country. It was a brief pause whilst the clock solemnly and impressively told of the departure of the year 1S92, and as each with the swifin iss oj thought ran back over the events of the past yearhe might have fancied he saw- Ghosts, ghosts, ghosts ! of opportunities lost, Standing around with their earless sheaves and a brokensickle crossed ; And in a vaporous mist of tears vague aspir ations mourn O'er noble t.iought-s left unfulfilled and upward strikings gone. Twelve of the clock struck, and with it came the full blast of the Yass Town Band, which started Irom its quarters with sparkling music to bid welcome to 1S93. The ban 1, with its full complement ol instruments, and it might be added here that this band does credit to its master and to Yass, played up and down Cooma- stieet, and gr idually the sightseers melted from view and sought their homes and couches. -n ... , ir.-nciur..1 jolf- :« were played and eveiythiiig passed oti q. colly. 