H|$ jUiurijiife t[* IYPIOTIZED. (By Margaret Brandon,) . CHAPTER IV. ;A STRANGE DIBCOVEKY. S ? I was just meditating what my next move should bo when the servant infor med me that Miss Maybury's indisposi tion, caused bv the excitement and fatigue of the previous evening, had so far improved that she intended, if pos sible, to bo at tho woods in time for luncheon, and she had not yet started, ? as sho could not go without an escort. I sent a polite request to the effect that if Miss Maybury would accompany me and show me the way I should feel grateful. What extraordinary fatality : was this ? - : ' Here was indeed a strange coincidence. That I could almost have wished forthis to happen I was fully aware, yet I dared not own to myself how eager I was to sec and learn more of this strange, beau tiful girl. Ah ! had but the book of fate been i opened and disclosed the unknown de ? mon power that lived and breathed within me, I would surely rather have died' ten thousand deaths than have ; dealt the cruel death-blow to the girl ? for whom I'd willingly sell my very soul. ' '? I was shown into the morning-room ; and joined there in a few moments by 1 Miss Maybury, whose face had assumed . an almost unearthly pallor. Her manner, too, seemed disturbed i and ill at ease ; one moment she was desirous we should instantly set out on ; -our journey, the next she was undecided as to whether she would go at all. ;?; ? You appear scarcely to have re ' covered from last night's over-exertion,' YiL s'aid. . }':?: ?'' Oh yes, I have, I'm almost well,' ''she replied, abruptly. ' I'm subject to these headaches, but I don't think I shall go to the p.'cnic after all.' q f ?'.Perhaps the fresh air will do you l.'gobdiV.I suggested. 'Well, we must start at once or we shall be late, and then Dora will be so r disappointed at your absence. We need not pass through the hall ; let us go this ''way.' .. .. As she spoke she stepped through the open French window which led into the front garden ; I followed her, and away we went on this fair sunny July morn ing. .?'' Why— why did some dark shadow come to , warn me of what the future held in store for both 7 During our walk I .?':: learned much of my companion's history At first she was very reticent, but with ??'?, a, sort of savage impulse I seized the opportunity that Providence, who maps out our lives, had given me, and against her will I forced her to speak. We were nearing the woods, almost in sight of them, when a slight excla mation from Miss Maybtuy made me look round to ascertain the cause, and I found she had been caught by her dress to a bramble bush. ;.' I stooped to extricate it, and in doing so my hand touched hers for a second; she shivered as if with cold, and then with a cry, almost amounting to terror, she tore her skirt away and walked quickly towards our destination. Not another sen tonce was exchanged until we reached the rest of the party. ' Oh, you lazy people, I had nearly given you up for lost, and was meditating an exploring expedition with the great Stanley to help us, laughed Dora. 'However, now you have unearthed yourselves, perhaps you'll begin at once to: make yourselves useful ; we must not be too long over luncheon, though, as we are nil going to the ' Wishing Well.' I hope you don't feel too tired, Blossom dearest. I'm afraid you're dreadfully knocked up, although you refuse to own it.?; : ?'I shall bo well enough after I've rested ; besides I'm hungry,' replied Blossom. We sat down and did ample justice to the good provisions Mrs. Beresford had provided for us, and afterwards we started towards that romantic spot where for. years and years past, lovers, firm in the belief of the old legend that to taste the waters of the charmed well would bring about the fulfilment of their dearest hopes, have drank of the crystal stream, wished their three wishes, and lived lo laugh at the folly of it. We arrived brimming over with curiosity and anxious at once to hear the pretty story connected with the small ;iolear stream which now met our gaze, running so merrily and contentedly at the foot of a steep hill. Our descent was quickly accom plished, and passing through the 'kissing gate' we reached the bunks of the well', and found ourselves in the midst of a bevy of picturesquely attired children all fully armed with glasses, mugs, and every species of drinking cup, which they proffered eagerly for our uso. ' Digby, cried Dora half shyly, ' fill a cup for mo, will you ?' I took the cup, leaned down, and let some of the sparkling liquid bubble into it. ' Why even now Blossom is left with . one,' she went on, ' Please fill one for her too.' I stooped for the second time, filled a tumbler, and handed it to Dora's friend. She took it mechanically from me. For one second her figure swayed to and fro, the glass dropped with a clash from her hand, and without a sound sho fell forward on the ground ns if someone had struck her a violent blow. Sori , ously alarmed at the girl's condition, the carriage was nt once made ready, and poor Blossom, looking terribly white and ill, was taken into Mrs. Beresford's safe keeping and convoyed swiftly home. It was some days after tho eventful ? picnic. Alias Maybnry had almost re covered her usual health, yot her man ner was still constrained, hysterical, and, as she told ine afterwards, so utterly un like herself. One evening, the last 1 should spend at ' Beechgrove' for some time, as my visit terminated on tho morrow, Dora, Blossom, and I were sitting at the open window all shroudedjand hidden by cur tains from the sight of the other occu pants of the sitting-room. ©The moon shone bright and clear, and was playing queer games with the trpes and bushes, turning them into odd half human shapes and fantastic forms. It was tho very hour for with-lore. We talked of ghosts and came to the conclusion that what people choso to eall by that name were simply the reflections of imaginary phantoms, conjured by a vivid picture imprinted on the brain into visionary shape. Then our conversation turned on hyp notism and exaggerated personal in Eluence. ' What' laughed Dora. ' don't ask me if I believe in such nonsense.' As well tell me my dog can be made to speak. 'And you, Miss Blossom,' I asked, ' are you of the same opinion ' 7 She smiled faintly, and an odd, scared expression came into her face. 1 1 don't quite know,' she replied. How strangely bright and feverish her eyes looked that night. ' You mean to tell me, Blossom, you believe any man or woman could hypno tize you !' Dora inquired. ♦ Don't, oh, don't please talk of it any more,' pleaded the other girl. Dora looked at her quickly for a moment, and then smiled incredulously. What had come to me I knew not. I suddenly seemed to have lost all self control ; but one desire filled my whole being. To try my power over this child, to see if I possessed the master mind, to will her to do ray will. Summoning all my strength I forced her to look into my face ; our eyes met, and in that look I read the awful truth, not only that in me lived the force to sway her every act, her every thought, but that she loved me ; and then I knew that I returned that love, that I, the betrothed husband of Dora Beresford, loved her dearest friend, her almost sister. Scarcely knowing what I did, I bent forward and gently touched the arm of Blossom Maybury. . She started slightly ; then, as more and more she became a victim to my influence, her eyelids closed, she grew stiff and rigid, and I felt I knew I had obtained complete mastery over her, and that in that moment she was mine, body and soul, to do with as I pleased. What devil possessed me then I know not, but truly I perpetrated one of the most fiendish, vilest of acts it is possible to conceive. I was so bewildered at the effect of my own work, so mad with the success of it, that I refused to give her back her reason. I wanted to gloat over my power ; it fascinated, yet ter rified me. Then, no longer responsible for myself, no longer able to keep my scattered senses within control, I hastily touched the forehead of the poor dazed girl, who still maintained the same rigid vacant exterior, blew lightly on her closed eyelids, then took her hand and placing it in that of Dora, I gave one groan of horror, and without waiting to give any explanation of this strange unearthly scene, I rushed through the open window into the darkness of the night. CHAPTER V. THE TRANCE. The fresh air seemed to revive me. I sat down on the trunk of a jtree which was lying by the roadside and tried calmly to think over, and, if possible, to lessen tho hideousness of the. situation. One by one the scenes of the last three weeks passed through my mind — the first strange meeting, the picnic, the adventure at the well, and, lastly, this hypnotic power which I possessed over this gentle creature. Yes, I felt there was no doubt now ; this wonderful power to influence and ultimately bring into absolute subjection the object I felt disposed to work my force of will upon, belonged to me, and I felt a|sort of glory and pride in it, the feeling that acknowledged superiority invariably gives us. (To be Continued). 