Pierre and Baptists. » I once knew two industrious mechanics named Pierre and Baptiste, They dwelt in a ramshackle tenement at Sault aux Beloeuil, where each had half-a-dozen children to sup port besides their wives ; who, it is grievous to relate, were drones. They were only nominally acquainted with that godly art commonly associated with charwomen. Pierre and Baptiste were hard workers. They worked far into the night, and, occa sionally, the thin mists of dawn had begun to break on the narrow city pavements before their labors would cease. No one could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard- earned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain. It depended largely upon the police, It was early one November that this horny-handed pair planned the burglary of a certain safe located in a wholesale estab lishment in St. Mark street. On the par ticular evening that Pierre and Baptiste hit upon for the deed, the head bookkeeper had been having a wrangle with his accounts. 4<I can't make head or tail of this 1" he de clared to his employer, the senior member of the firm, "yet I am convinced everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has been oarried over from each daily footing, but where the error begins or ends, I'm blest if loan find out." The fact was that the monthly sales had been nnusually heavy, and a page of the balance had keen mislaid. The head book keeper spent upwards of an hour in casting up both the entries of himself and his subordi nates after the establishment had closed its doors for the day. Then he went home to supper, determined to return, and locate the deficit, if he didn't get a wink of sleep until morning. Book-keepers, it must be borne in mind, have highly sensitive organisms, which are snsooptible to the smallest atom reflecting upon their probity or skill. At half-past 8 the' bookkeeper returned and commenced anew his critical calculations. He worked precisely three hours and a half ; at the end of which period he suddenly clapped his hand to his forehead and exclaimed : — 44 Idiot ! Why haven't yon looked in the safe for a missing sheet ? Ten chances to one they have been improperly numbered ! " He turned over thepages of thek&'ance on his desk, and sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designation in the upper left-hand corner which should follow eleven was miss ing. Page twelve, in all likelihood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safe. The safe was a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, documents and several day receipts in cash and drafts of the firm. The head bookkeeper, in his efforts at un earthing the lost page of the cash balance, was obliged to Intrude bis entire person into the safe. Fearful lest the candle he held should attract attention from the street, show ing out as it did against the black recesses of the safe, upon entering he drew the door slightly ajar. Ashe stepped in the tail of his coat caught on an angle of the huge riveted look ; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no -more than a pound, and tiie book-keeper was a prisoner. Hev heard a resonant click — that was all. -His oandle went out. The hook-keeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a oaged animal. He first exerted almost superhuman strength against the four sides of the iron tomb. Then his body collapsed and not for an instant losing consoionsness, he found himself sitting in a partially upright posture, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at the same moment, although hoars seemed to have passed, that the drum of his ear, now abnormally sensi tive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous clangour rent the in terior of the safe. The bookkeeper used to observe afterwards that a single second's deviation of character istic thought mid he would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed oollapsed. Bat a weaker man can never ccnfront the inevitable, but dings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weak individualities who, in the aot of drowning, oatoh at straws. Aa the bookkeeper felt himself gradually growing weak for want of air to breathe, his revivified hope led him to deliberately \- mt\ ' - - Vi? .Woodwork with which the interior of -the .safe was fitted inlS? taire fashion; one drawer being built "btofrdofTat.8aVe of ft drill. Although acutely discerned withS the sound was practioilly smothered nrTi?' outside of the vault. 0n the At one end of the drill was rapidly growing larger, in one end of & s-eel panels. At its end was a heaw fist, part of the anatomy of Baptufo "trous mechanK Baptiste held thedrill while his comrade, Pierre, pounded it in ' Soon the two burglars became aware th t some sert of animal commotion was dy»?„ within the safe. It nearly drove them fJ?1 convulsions of astonishment. Baptists so startled that he dropped the drill. Waa 44 It is a ghost," he said. Baptiste was for throwing up the x uncompromisingly on the spot, bat thfl proposal met with obstacles. His fell workman, who was of stiffer courage jeeted it with scorn, as savouring too of the superstitious. Pierre had a large famil to support, he argued. He spoke frantu They could not afford to throw awav opportunities of Providence. To his friend and co-labourer, the burden of his remaji was— " . 14 Lache ! Go hon ! You make rne tired wnz yer ghosts an' things. Let's not have m hrest foohV— see ? De job is commence Allons ! " The upshot of this was that Pierre and Baptiste went back to work. At the third crack of the drill, Pierre crossed himeelf and said — ' 44 Baptiste, dere's a man in dat safe ! " Both men grew pale as death at the very suggestion. Baptiste, for instance, was so frightened he couldn't utter a syllable. His ton&rue; clovft fn the rnof nf h?o tt. — o — - — — — — — — - luouiii, ? o w ever, Pierre, as usual, was the first to recover He applied his ear, first to the lock and then to the drill-hole. 44 Hey, in dere!" he cried, yet not so loud as to be heard on the side-walk. To this there came a faint response— a very faint shout, in deed ; it sounded as if it were a mile away:— 44 For God's sake give me air ! I am locked in here. Try and burst open the safe !" The two burglars did not stop to talk, but went at once to work as if their own lives de pended on the result, instead of the life of the mysterious occupant of the vault. In lees than four minutes they had a hole, somewhat smaller than the business end of a collar- button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pierre and Baptiste paused to wipe the sweat from their, brows. The man inside breathed. It was now that the pair began to muse en the denouement. Could this be & member of the firm or an employe? This hypothesis jeopardised the suecess of the night's adven ture, unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they bound and gagged him into silence. On the other hand, this course would have an ugly look. if he resisted it might mean murder in the end ; whereas, if they did not let him out at all, they would stand no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the safe. Besides, as the man oould scarcely live thus until morning, they would be responsible for his taking off. Thus reasoned Pierre and Baptiste. These were not highly comforting reflec tions, but there was still another and a better in reserve. What if, after 1 11, the man were himself a felon ? Might he not be a com panion crib- cracker ? In that case they would merely have to divide the spoils. . 44 Hey, iu dere," cried Pierre, suddenly struck with an idea. 44 What is de combina tion hof de safe?" 4 4 Fifteen — three — se venty- three !" came hack in sepulchral tones. . It . was evidently growing harder and harder to draw breath through the tiny aperture. Thus it transpired that at the expiration of fifteen seconds the lock of the vault gave back the same resonant click it had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanks to the timely advent of Pierre and Baptiste it opened as lightly, as airily and as decisively as it had closed 480 seconds before on the un happy accountant. The head book-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stepped out into the free air. He was very pale and hie drees was mnoh rent and disordered when his feet touched the floor. But this pallor quickly made way for a red fiush at perceiving the two burglars with the implements of their profession strewn aronnd them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptiste themselves stood transfixed by the sheer novelty of the situation. Without any kind of speech or warning, or without making any attempt at bravado, the bookkeeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an electric call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the action, he opened a drawer, took but a small revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal precision. As he did so-he uttered these remarkable words: 14 Gentlemen, I would, indeed, be the basest of men if I did not feel profoundly grateful for the service you have jnst rendered me. I shall always regard yoa as any right- minded man should regard those who have flAVAf) tita Ivfa wifti imm«finn4 noril to til6IXle reives or, which is just the same, to their liberty. Any demand in reason you make ox me I shall make an effort to perform — but my duty to my employers I regard as pw® mount. I have accumulated' a little money and with it I propose to engage the best counsel in your defence, which is certainly marked by mitigating circumstances. If, on the other hand, you are convioted — Here the officers of justice entered, having broken the door open witha crash. — " Strand Magazine." 