DEATH. " Oh, Death, where is thy sting? Where, Grave, thy Victory?" There is no sound in that darkened room. For the very air semns fraught with Peath; And even *<ver the canopied bed 'Tis but slightly stirred by a Bickering breath. Alone? No! the door is open now. And gliding in with a gentle tread A figure in whit^ like a ghost appears, • Ana softly steps to the side ot the bed. One thin hand rests outside of the clothes. she touches it suttlv, then shudders and starts It is ii v and cold. " My God! not yet!" She pre-ses one hand to her aching heart. His face is white, and worn, and thin, '1 he d-impnt-ss of death is upon his brow; His tongue i« mute, his lips are pale, The grave is waiting to welcome him now. She knows it well, ah< far too well! Sh- has trieo to hide the truth from her heart. Hour by hour she has prayed and prayed. But ner prayer were in vain, for these two must part. She bends her head—her hair brushes his brow; He full red lips she presses to his; And all the love of her agonised heart Is in ttiat passionate, straining kiss. Day after day she has sat by hi* side; Night after night she bas watched by his bed ; Wea.net! andsiot, jet clinging to hope- But lhat li-.pe is past—he will soon be dead. She knows it too, and her face grows pale; Her heart beats fast with a ihro'obiug pain. Oh! must I lose him? Must he go?" She presses her lips t» his again. But God knows best—God's will is law'. She reverently bows her h ad in prayer. But the tears will come, for her Heart is sore; " Oh, God! 1 pray I may meet him there. She has loved him so, and:iow;.hey must part- She dares not think what her life may be Without his love— hat a terrible blank! "Dear heart! dear love! may I soon join July, 189I-Oiago Wittiest. THE train of evils is so slowly bufeurely laid as to even escape the observation of skilful medical men, who tee oases of blood deterioration by impure air, which lead on to disease. Ventilate your rooms, scrub the floors with water containing SOLTEPTOL, the only Non- Poisonous Disinf jotant and Deodorizer, and sprinkle Faulding's Fare Eucalyptus Oil around when retiring for the night. \void impure brands. Distilleries—River Murray and Kangaroo Island. 11 AUKOttA LTKKE. 