DEATH OF AKCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. A POPULAR ECCLESIASTIC. The Roman Catholic Church in Australia. and more especially that [?] of it which is prosecuting its good work in this province, has suffered a severe [?] by the death of the Meet Rev. Christopher Augustus Reynolds, Archbishop oi Adelaide, whioh occurred' at the palace West-terrace, at 8.40 o'clock oo Monday morning. Although by no means an old. man, the Axohbiahop had been so long Buffering from Hi-health -that the sad cv '/nt was not unexpected; yet the shook '«n the community, and especially to the, adherents of his own charge, is still very ,-great. Dr. Reynolds lived a busy mud toil come life, during which he never spared him self when tbe interests of Catholicum or the good of his flock had to be considered. He travelled through the length atd \- breadth of South Australia, for Until Port Augusta was elevated into a see -under the charge of the eloquent Dr. O'Reilly, the diocese of Adelaide extended from Yorke's Peninsula to Port Darwin, and from tbe border of West Australia to the eastern division line. Dr. Reynolds had many a story to tell of hardships «idured while making j <rhat was almost an exploring tour through, the then practically unknown settlements along the west coast, daring which he penetrated as .fax as Euola. He had also; many interesting reminiscences of pioneer j journeys in the far north, and towards the spot now world-renowned because of the discovery of the Broken Hill mines. It is nearly a quarter of a century since his Grace became Vicar-General of tile diocese in which, by the >torca of his piety and the evident aptitude he displayed for tbe task of administra tion, he steadily advanced from the position of a humble parish priest to the responsibility aad dignity which, attaches to the wearing of the pallium. His office, owing to his constitution and his consistent conscientiousness, could never be a sinecure. He undertook no work at any period of his career which he did net carry out thoroughly AndwelL Alert and fall of a desire to advance She interests of his church, which he firmly 'believed to be synonymous with the extension of God's kingdom on earth, he allowed himself no rest, and was loth toseeaoyof those around him idle. The arohdiooeee of Adelaide under bis rula had no place tor idlers, and such of his subordinates who were not willing to use their talents and pot forth their energies to the fullest extent gradually found the .place uncomfortable and moved on to countries where there was more eoclesiastioal "rest and quiet." An ascetic in hia habits of living, and a strong advocate of total abstinence from in toxicating liquors and from the use of narco tics, Archbishop Reynold* was a striking evi dence of the fast that those who deny them selves the luxuries, mad even the oom forts of this Sfo, are yet able to con tinuously and efficiently -exert themselves in doing their duty in that sphere to which God ha* called them. Love for his church and for his people was tbe mainspring of all the Archbishop «Jid, &nd; the heart Iradeth a grace unto every art and calling. As good George Herbert -writes:— A Kraut bf tbb dtaae Hakes drodf eiy divine, Who sweep* a room v lor Tbylawi . Hikes that and th? action fine. Nor' were tin AcchbiebopV sympathies con fined within kite borders of ma own duueh. That magnificent organisation aspires to embrace the whole world in ita fold, and hia jbeart went oat to all who are desolate and op pressed. Every truly philanthropic movement was sure of his help, and he did cot disdain to stand on the platform with ministers of dis- Benting or nonconformist bodies in order to .pres? the claims of the poor upon the charity and the parses of the rich. He was before all things a Catholio priest, but in his reading of the, rnnnfcirum nf riii? nffinw *h«n? wa nfjihmg fr-, prevent him from feeling a deep interest in the progress of the outside world, or to withhold aim from assisting in the promotion of what ha considered to be good objects when initiated by Protestants. Dr. Reynolds was born in Dublin on July 25, 1821, and his rlaarioal studies begun under tbe Carmelite brothersClondallrin near £bat city, which has given so many prelates to the world as almost to de i eerve the title of "holy." Ireland has v _? (riven Adelaide all its Catholio bishops. The Eight Rer. Dp. Francis Murphy hailed from 3S ravan; his successor Dr. Geoghehan, like Ajohbifehop Reyooida, was * native of Dublin; while Dr. Sheil was born in Wexford. It is wngnUr, too, that all the prelates named have died at comparatively early ages. Dr. Murphy was born in May, 1796, and was onneeoratad bishop at the age of 48, while he lived until April 26,185% dying then at West-terraoa. Bisaop Geogheban was also 48 when he was consecrated on September S, 1839: while he was 51 when be passed away in Dublin on May 5,1865. Dr. Sheil, who was born in 1817, was, by a strange coincidence, also in his 48th year when ie was appointed Bishop of Adelaide, and he died at Willunga on March 1, 1873, when barely 66 yean of age. Dr. Reynolds, as has been stated, was bora in 1834, but was nearly ten yean younger tt>an any of nis pre decessors had been on a similar occasion when he was nnminatnri to take charge of the im portant diocese of Adelaide, while he haa oat lived all except Dr. Murphy. When quite a young man Dr. Reynolds re moved to the Benedictine Monastery of liublaoe, in the States of the Church. In Rome he was maoriatod with his Eminence Cardinal Mpy. who is nearly three years hu senior, and the friend ship then subsisting between them continued until the last, while it was the privilege of the Archbishop to be invested with tbe pallium by .the associate of KU youth. On leaving Rome l)r. Reynolds passed to West Australia, where Jt was then intended to found a monastery of \- St Benedict, but the project was not carried into effect and in 1857 he left Perth for Ade laide, where he was warmly welcomed by Dr. Murphy, first bishop of Adelaide, who sent him to Sevenhills to finish his studies under the Jesuit Fathers. He entered tbe priest hood in April, 1860, the ceremony of ordination being psrfonned by Bishop Geoghehan. He at onoe came into prominence as - an earnest preacher, a loving pastor, and - • skilled ruler and guide, and his infiuenoe everywhere was highly beneficial. He gained the love of but people, the esteem and mnfiflfno? of his colleagues, and the implicit trust of bis superiors, so that it was quite a natural thing that in 1870, on the death of the late Father Smj the, Vicar-General, he should have been nominated as one of the four commissioners to whom the government of the rlinnmn was com mitted during the absence of Bishop ShieL who was then in England. Just before his death, whioh ooourred in Match, 1873; shortly after his return from Rome, Bishop Sheil orally- nominated Dr. Reynolds as his euoo?SMr, and the Most Rev. Count John?ede from September 20, 1835 (be became arch bishop in. April* 1842) tfll March, 1877, and who during that time had been instrumental in founding the bishoprics of Melbourne, Hobart, Adelaide, Perth, Maitland, Goal bourn, Batcurst, Brisbane, and Armidale— cordially approved of the choice, and, pur suant to letters apostolio received from Pope Pius IX. in July, the same venerable «oole siastic consecrated Dr. Reynolds as Bishop of Adelaide, the oeremony being performed on Sunday, November 6, 1873, in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. Three other prelates assisted in she solemn function, among them being the Right Reverend James Murray, who has been Bishop of Maitbad since 1566, and the Bight Rev. Matthew Quinn, Bishop of Bathnwt, who died in January, 1834; It is interesting to know that Amhbishnp Polding performed the ceremony of consecration in re speot to every one of the four bishops of Ade laide, while Dr. Murphy, tbe earliest occupant of the see. was abaoloMy the first prelate con seonted in Australia. He also took possession of his diocese in November, the year being 1844\. Of Dr. Beynolds it was thus written by Mr. William Haroua, a Congregational minister, in 1876:—"The present bishop, Dr. Reynolds, is a quiet hard - working clergyman, who served hia * church in the colony for many yean as an industrious, toiling priest. Hu co-religionists are proud of the fact that one of their own priests whose self-danying labors were so well known to them, wai selected by his Holiness the Pope for the highest ecclesiastical honors in tbe colony." The same writer refers to Bishop Murphy as a man "who was respected by tbe whole colony and beloved by ha own people," while ha characterises Bishop Shiel as * a genial fine^pirited old eoolaciastao.'' When Dr. Reynolds became Vicar-General a religious census of the colony showed that there were 28,663 adherents of the Roman Catholic Chnroh in Adelaide with 34 priests. In reply to an address presented to him in 11579, prior to his departure for Rome, he eaid with modesty mingled with becoming pride— "Since the providence of God burdened me with the charge cf this vast diocese I have scarcely had a m^meef s rest. I have laid tbe first tone of about 30 new churches and eobool chapels throngaoat the diocese. I have confirmed 11,030 persons and have travelled 62,878 miles on visitation alone. I am nbw undertaking a journey for the welfare of tbe diocese which m?y doable that mileage era I return to the colony. Nothing bat awttse of -dirty ssd the invitation of nic Sovereign {tajjgjtaflfl iaiim "**? *"* nindl tow my flock, bat rest assured that I shall not delay my return an hour longer than m abso lutely necessary for the interests of religion and education in this diocese." At the time of the Archbishop's death, though in the mean while his see had been divided by the oonstitu tion of Fort Augusta as a bishopric, there were 47,179 members of the chuzoh in Strath Aus tralia, with 110 churches and 109 other preaching places, giving accommodation for 44,130 persons. The natural outcome of the work of Dr. Reynolds and the formation of churches in all the settled parts of the colony was to weight him with greater responsibilities and to entail upon him more labor. There was scarcely a portion of his vide diocese which he did not personally visit, while tbere was not a single spot oonoerning which he did not make him self thoroughly familiar by interested enquiries. If, therefore, his visit to the Holy City was in some respects a holiday the relaxation was thoroughly well earned. His Holiness the Pope received Dr. Reynolds with all the kindness and consideration due to one who had labored so arduously and with euch success in the cause of the mother church, and hie stay in Borne was rendered very pleasant. He renewed his acquaintance with the Benedictine College in whioh he was educated, and assisted in one of the centenary celebrations of its patron saints. He also made a pilgrimage to bis birthplace in JDnhlin, while duria^ his eajoxzm in Great Britain be associated himself -with the leading ecclesiastics of the.church. He kept the pro mise he made to remember the want? of the Afifflairifi diooese, and when ne cetnraed in June, 1881, he had arranged for the introduo tion of 12 priests and 24 Sisters of Mercy into the wotk here, many of the latter being snb eeqnently engaged in the work of education. SinoehisreturotoSoath AupttahaDr. Reynolds has thrown himself with characteristic vigor into the duties of his office, and hi* visitations have been as frequent, his zeal as great, and his success as pronounced as in his younger days. The bunding of churches, the establish ment of wohpoift, the fnn.Tiriinp of Passion a, has gone on uninterruptedly until there is scarcely a centre in the colony which is without the means of religion. Much interest has always been felt by his Grace in the welfare of the aboriginal population. Nearly 40 years ago he went to West Australia to help in the con version of the natives there, and although he did not do all that was desired by him tbere was no loss of faith or courage. Subsequently he did much to equip missions to central and north Australia, while it was the result of bis enthusiasm that the Jesuits are now laboring in the Northern Territory. Adelaide was elevated to the dignity of an archieptsoopat see m 3887, and Dr. Beynolds received his appointment as Axohbiehon on April 23 of the same year. The investiture tookplaoe in St. Francis Xavier*fl Cathedral on a Sunday morning, September 11,1557, and no more imposing religious ceremony has ever been held in the city. Cardinal Moran, who officiated, was accompanied by Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne; the venerable Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobftrt, who was con secrated in 1840; Dr. Moran, who has been Bishop of Dooedin since 1856; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat: Dr. Gihney, Bishop of Perth; Dr. Dunne, Bishop of WUcannia; and Dr. Corbet*, Bishop of Sole. The briefs erect ing' the arohfopnoopal diooese of Adelaide and appointing Dr. Reynolds its first Archbishop were read by Dr. O'Hara. the Cardinal's private secretary, after which die Cardinal place! the pallium round the Archbishop's neck. Tbe eermon was preached by the Bishop of Duned in, at fa* whioh the mans was completed. Father Norton being deacon and Father McEvoy sub-deacon. The musical portion of the ser vice, under the direction of Me W. Gordon, was very magnificent. On the next day The Advertiser in alluding to the event wrote :— "Archbishop Reynolds has risen from the priesthood in this colony to the dignity be now enjoys, and he has gained his distinctions by sneer force of merit. By his own people be has ever been beloved. In his pastoral work he has displayed the unremitting ardor of an enthusiast, and in his relations with his flock he has succeeded in winning their respect, con fidence, and affection. But he has done more. While Beakrasly promoting the interests of the church ha represents Archbishop Beynolds haa well fulfilled his duty as a citizen. Con siderable influence belong* to the man who is at the head of so important a -section of the community as Che members of the Catholic Church. In the case of Dr. Reynolds it has been exerted most bene ficially. Consistently with his doty to the church he has always striven to do his duty to the public He has taken an enlightened interest in many public movements of a eoaul and philanthropic character, and on no occa sion has he refused to join bands with the representatives of other nhnrohf when useful work was to be done whioh involved no Ques tion of sectarian difference*. It? by pursuing this policy that Archbishop Beynolds has eeonrsd the esteem of large numbers of people who axe quite outside Iris own communion. He has been recognised not merely ss a dignitary of a powerful church but as a patriotic South Australian. The occasion of hisinveetiture withthe cloak of an Archbishop, however interesting as an ecclesiastical cere mony, is to the general public still more note worthy as the expression of a high honor paid to one of our leading and most deserving citizens. The presence at the ceremonial of nis Excellency tie Governor, the Chief Justice, members of the Government andof both Houses of Parliament, the Mayor of Adelaide, and many other public men belonging to various denomination*, was a remarkable testimony to the esteem in which Archbishop Reynolds is held. The wish t-uxosuud by the Bishop of Dunsdin that Dr. Reynolds may long live to wear the dignity bestowed upon him will be heartily echoed by South Anrtiraiian?." Alas! the petition was not granted, for it is not yet five years since the well-earned dignity was conferred upon the dead prelate for the repose of whose 800 l thousands of prayers are now mounting lifa* incense to heaven. Just after the promotion of Dr. Reynolds the see of Fort Augusta was placed in the capable hands of Dr. John CReiUy, its first bishop, and thi* arrangement relieved Dr. Reynolds of the oversight of a large amount of temtmy and a great burden of responsibility. Still the partial rest came too late tohav?efiectin recuperating his frame, shattered by persistent work and debilitated by bis ascetic mode of life. Nor did the surety that his frame was not "l™«* induce the Archbishop to consider himself and refrain from over taxing his strength. A year ago it appeared as if he would collapse altogether, but a eea voyage to and from Made in one of the Mesaagenee steamer* served to bring back some of the old fire and energy. The recovery was bat transient, however, aad for many wi/?n<fta now his Grace has bees prostrated, while be has been slowly dying for days. He caught a chill before tbe Easter holidays, while visiting Mount Barker — in the Church of tit Frances de Sales, at which place be had erected a me morial to his mother—Mid his condition became so critical that be was anointed before leaving that pretty town. He was care fully and reverently removed to his residence at West-terrace, and there Dr. O'Connell has been assiduously in attendance ever since, while loving attention has also bsem bestowed by skilled nuaes. "The powerbf will ana'the devotion to dnty, which made Dr. Reynolds what he was, manifested themselves on the day before Good Friday, when in spite of great physical weakness he insisted upon performing a trying and lengthy function of the church, because no one below the offioe of a biehop txftrid-canyitoat. He has passed *way young in yean but old in experience; and the love of the people for whom he lived and labored bean him np, as on white wings, to the Throne of God. As a pulpit orator the Archbishop stood in the front rank in Australia. Some years ago, «toMshealth«bb BOQd«J? OKd to preach charming sermons, and his discourses mani fested a wide research and a. power of thinking which at once established him as a profound theologian. He had a splendid voice, which used to reround throughout the cathedral, where every word was heard with perfect distinctness. His every gesture -was ex pressive, and bis declamatory powers jwere of a high order. A great com pliment to his abilities as a preacher was paid when be represented South Australia at the plenary council in Sydney a few yearo ago. From all the bishops and archbishops who assembled in the city of the beautiful harbor on tint anepicicus occasion, Dr. Key nolds was chosen by Cardinal Moran to preach in St. Mary's Cathedral. The effort was a magnificent one, and tee eermon was after wards published and widely distributed. As an impromptu speaker his Grace had few equals. He was always ready when called upon. He was always eloquent and happy in his remarks, although his utterances may have lacked attimes the wit characteristicof the.lrish man. His Grace wastoologieal and too much in earnest to indulge in idie humor, and his language was always grand and full of power. He was equally facile whether at a moment's notice proposing the health of the bride and bridegroom at a wedding breakfast, wishingr success to a young man celebrating arriving at the Age of maturity, or speaking at a gathering of philanthropic citizens or any other public fncclion- His Grs.ce w&ga; charming eoarersa tionalist. and when he was free from pain he wonld delight his friends in reoonnt ing stories of his student days with Dr. Byrne, or treating them to his inexhaustible stock of anecdotes concsrning tbe humors of his fellow-countrymen, or the many kinds and conditions of men with whom hn had come in contact during his busy life. He could talk in a fascinating manner too of his early travels in the loss frequented portions of the colony. His Grace was not without his eccentricities, &nd; many good annecdotes are told of bis peculiarities. He always bad a decided aver sion to people coughing while he was preaching in the cathedral or elsewhere, while the idea of ladies fanning themselves on hot days when he was delivering his sermons was repugnant to his notions of church etiquette. Old women with chronic coughs he wonld reprove gently but firmly, and even in the mid?tofa flight of eloquence he would cease Bnddenly to administer a rebuke to some lady who was distracting him by waving her fan. His Grace, though an admirer of the beautiful fancy work executed by tbe girls attending the various schools conducted by the Sisters of St. Joseph, the Sister* of Mercy, and the Dominican Convent, yet frequently com mented on tbe absence of a well darned stock ing. He was an expert himself in this useful and economical work, and in order to en courage the teaching of darning in schools he has offered prizes. " I have been abused," his Grace used to cay- "for my frequent advocacy of stocking darning, to «be so called detriment of encouraging fancy work. I am sure I will eventnally earn the gratitude of all parents as well ss their helpin promoting this useful work." Only last December the children of one of the schools. Sifters of St. Joseph's, in the city exhibited at their breaking np specimens oi darning for the especial edifi cation of the Archbishop, but to the disappoint ment of the girls and their tutors he could not be present owing to fllness. If there was one subject more than another on which the Archbishop spoke with earnestness, frequency, and with severity it was on the way neighbors scandalised each other. Backbiting he de nounced with much outspokenness, and he was not backward in uttering homely truths to his congregations on the subject. "It makes my blood boil to hear a, woman or a man running his neighbor down to the lowest because of some trumpery little quarrel among them. I shall expose this growing habit as long as I have life in my body, and with the help of God endeavor to stamp out the pest." The spread of Catholio knowledge was always a matter of the deepest concern to the Archbishop, and in order to promote the study of the higher branches of the educational oouree be introduced into thecolony the good Christian Brothers and theSistersof Mercy —an important coroumstanoe in his career, whioh he always looked back upon with the greatest pride. He saw tbe handsome college in Wakefield-street erected, aad the institution has grown np under his oversight until it is now well sup ported by the Catholics of his diocese. Last year the accommodation at the college was found inadequate, and extensive alterations were made, while considerable additions were effected to the building; which is now one of tbe finest of its class in the city. Dr. Beynolds naturally took a deep interest in the welfare of the institution, and not only did he spend much time in addressing the pupils of the college on the advantages of Catholic education andinencouragingthemto "goonandprosper," but he assisted the school with hia purse, and many scholarships have borne hia name. So anxious was his Grace that the boys should be instructed in the truths of their holy religion that he was accustomed to give a silver medal every year to tbe scholar most proficient in eoclesiastioal information. The competition was of oouree very keen, and this was a source of great gratification to him. At the annual displays ot the college tbe Archbishop was always in the chair, and he presented the boys with t&eir; prizes while they knelt reverently to receive the reward of their year's labor and his blessing. How the boys did bip-hip hnrrah for their esteemed benefactor during his address to them, and at its con clusion the love they bore their archbishop was manifested by outbursts of enthusiastic cheering. Once or twice Dr. Reynolds made reference to the capitation Kraut and the Free Education Act, but he never reviled against the opponents of the former. He always adopted a tone more of eorrow than cf anger in respect to them. He was unstinted in bis praise of the Rood work the self- sacrificing Christian Brothers were doing, and all who know anything of their unostentatious labors can substantiate all tbe kind tilings he used to say of that order of teachers. The last occa- Bion his grace attended the college was to dis tribute the certificates won by the boys on February 28 of this year. Although he was then Buffering intensely he was cheerful as he referred to the efforts of the boys, and he made a happy speech to them. It was on that occasion that be said that if Australiacs only practised eelf-denial and self- control a little more than they did Australia would be the greatest land on Che face of God's earth. He wanted them to go without their lollies and superfluous cash for once and give it instead to tbe Children's Hos pital, North Adelaide. Speaking of educa tion hia Grace then said:—"Our duty is first to seek the Kingdom of God. Besides a secular education it is neoessarv that as Catho lics we should receive first Christum know ledge, and secular education will follow in due course. When we are taaght something about oar religion tecular education will not suffer." When the Old Collegians' Association was in existence tbe Archbishop took [a deep inte rest in its welfare, and at the annual dinners his speech was always looked forward to with pleasure by the members. Speaking in IS9I on the occasion of the display of the Sisters of Mercy Sohool, his Graoo gave vent to come criticisms on the Free Education Act. "Next yeatv" he said, "the Free Educa tion Act comes into force—a wretched imitation of thn principle adopted in other countries. Tbe State can make ac many laws as it pleases, but we ignore all when it affects Holy Church. We will pursue the even tenor of our way and adhere to our own standard, educating our children in the fear and love of God to fit them for after life in a proper manner. We as Irishmen can look back with pride to the torture and vicissitudes which the hedge schoolmasters had to undergo during the enforcement of the penal larwa in Ireland, but how have they triumphed and sur mounted all difijeultit*? And despite the barriers the Irish people bare had to encounter the* trw? determined tP the wrj bet totw to subject themselves to the tyranny of the times and bang on to their Church with a tenacity which pecured victory. In South Australia as in every country of the world, if w« have Alniifiiity God oa our tide who c--n be ag?;utt us": Free education—what dut-a it all mean? It means that certain political men make it the popular cry in order 10 gain seats. With your co-operation and the co-operation of the Catholic parents we nn"d not trouble ourselves about any so-called Free Education Act." His Grace was a man of most austere habits. His emaciated appearance denoted fcis asceti cism only too palpably, and even when bis system demanded good nourishment be would persist in fasting at those seasons of the year set apart by the church for self denial and the mortification of the flesh. At one time previous to his investiture with the pallium he expressed a wish to lead a monastic life during the i*rt of his days, feel ing that the mission work tic took in hand was completed. If some one else were found to assume the archbishopric he was quite willing to forego the proud distinction. Hie great ad ministrative tact and peculiar abilities how ever lifted him so weil for the position that he had to take it. THE WORKS DURING THE LATE ARCHBISHOP'S EPISCOPATE. The Very Rev. Dr. Byrne (administrator of the diocese) has forwarded us a list of the works accomplished during the archbishop's episcopate. They are appended:— Churches in the Arohdiocese of Adelaide— St. Paul's, Mount Gambier; Si. Alphonsua, MHlioecC; Sc Teresa, Aiiandoie; St. Mary's, Bordertown; St. Barnabas, Scrathabyn ; Oar Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East; St. Bar tholomew, Slaitland ; St. Bridget. "W-arooka ; St. Columba, Yorketown; St. Aiden, Col ton; St. C&nice;, Snowtown; St. Vincent De Paul, Port Wafcefield; St. Cecilia, Athnrton; St. Michael's. Clare; Holy Cross, Goodwood; St. Raphael's, Park- Bide; Oar Lady of the Angels, Thebarton; Saints John and Paul, Tarlee; St. Laurence O'Toole, Eudunda: St. Andrew Ap., Balac lava; Oar Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide; Church of the Holy Ghost, Duminujan, North Adelaide; St. itary'a "Sedea Sapientiae," Benlah-road; St. Martin of Tows, Kedhill; Sr. Malachy'a, Slallala; the additions to St. Francis Xavier'e Cathedral. Churches in tbe new Diocese of Fort Augusta — Ail Saints' Cathedral, Port Augusta; Immaculate Conception, Qnom: St. Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina; St. Gabriel's, Cradock; St. Raphael's, Cam'eton; St. DomnricfE, Willoom-a; St. Clemenfe, Mel roee; St. Catherine's, Pekina; St. Vergilrus, Yatina; Sts. Philip and Junes, Y-arrowie ; St. Mary's Im macula to Heart, Georgetown ; St. John Evangelist, Laura; St. Peter's, Gladstone; St. Agatha's, Narridy; St. Luke's. Gulnare; St. James, Jamestown; St. Eflian's, Cal towie; Sts. Simon and Jude, Yarcowie ; &t;& Michael and John, Terowie; St. Joseph's, Orroroo; Sfc. Joseph's, Kooringa; Our Lady of Mount Garme 1., Daweon; St. Sebastian's, Yongala; St. Mark*?, Port Pirie; Sts. Gervase and Protaso, Warnertown; Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. Peabyteries erected in the archdiocese—At Kaponda. Balaclava, Mount Barker, Narra coorta, North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and \orketown. Presbyteries erected in the new Diocese of Port Augusta—Bishop's residence, Port Au gusta ; priest's residence, Pekina; priest's resi dence, Peterabnrgfa. Priests provided for archdiocese, 25; for Port Augusta Diocese, 5. Otter buildings erected in archdiocese— That grand Dominican Convent of C&bra;, Goodwood, go admirably situated and so well adapted for boarders ; the Christian Brothers' College, in which be took Buch a laudable pride, and of whose success he was co accus tomed to epeak; the Convent of Angas street, where the Sisters of Mercy reside and carry on their charitable works of education and of visiting the sick ; the Kensington Convent for thesLeteraof St. Joseph, who have several con vents and schools under then- care in the archdiocese; the Dominioan Convent of North Adelaide, where tbe Sisters of Perpetual Adoration reside; the Dominican Convent, Kapunda, where the sisters devote themselves to the education of a large number of children; the Convent of Mercy as Mount Gambier ; tbe Catbolio Refuge, Norwood, conducted by Sisters of Sc. Joseph; and the Catholic Orphanage, Goodwood, conducted by Sisters of Mercy. Beligous orders introduced to the arch diocese —The Carmelite Fathers of Gawler ; tbe Sisters of Mercy, Angas-street and Mount Gambier; the Dominican Nuns of Perpetual Adoration. North Adelaide; the Christian Brothers, Wakefield-street. Confraternities and sodalities—The Sacred Heart, Children of Mary, the Holy Family, Total Abstinence, Holy Rosary, Holy Child hood, Apastleship of Prayer, Oar Lady of Perpetual Succor. Benefit societies—The Hibernian Austral asian Catholio Benefit Society, which has several branches in the colony, connected with which are the juvenile and female branches which have been recently established. Literary sooietieE-^St. Patrick's, "West terrace; St. Ignatins's, Norwood: St. Raphael's, Parkmde; St. Laurence's, North Adelaide. A EULOGIUM BY THE CHIEF JUSTICE. His Honor the Chief Justice, who has enjoyed a, long personal friendship with the archbishop, in the coarse of a conversation witha member of our staff said:— "My acquaintance with the archbishop began many years ago* when I was practising at the bar and long before he was raised to the episcopate. I was retained in the year 1872 on behalf of the Sisters of Sfc. Joseph to prosecute the late pro prietor of the Protafant Advocate. This paper accused the Sisters of immoral conduct and the prosecution was to vindicate their character. The defendant was convicted and sentenced to cix months' imprisonment with a tine of £50. After that time I had a more intimate acquaintance with bis grace, and I witnessed bis induction as bishop at the cathedral. While I was Administrator of the Government in ISTTlhdd the levee atGovernment House on the Queen's Birthday, and his graoe attended. For some years previously he and his pre deo??sors had refrained from attending owing to a dispute about precedence, but since 1877 be has continued to be present at the Wees. When my father died in 1884, although he was a Protestant minister, die archbishop cent bis carriage and two of his clergy to represent him at the funeral. From that time to the present we have con tinued to have social intercourse. He has on several occasions visited me at my house, notably, once during a visit of Cardinal Moran, in ISS7. His eminence was in the colony for the purpose of investing his grace with the pallium, at which ceremony, which took place in the cathedral. I was present. It is singular that on the day Cardinal Moran visitedmy house was his birthday, which had previously been unknown to his suffragan bishops and was much to their delight disclosed by his writing his name in my birthday book. On my return from my visit to England in 1891 his graoe called upon me and welcomed me bask. I had the pleasure of hyirfing him a palm branch which was carried in walking with the Latin procession around the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday of that year. "Some years ago a dispute occurred with the Destitute Board over the management of Catholic State children. The arch bishop suggested my name to the Govern ment as one in whom the Catholics would have confidence on the Commission appointed to report on the dispute. I wasohairman of tin Commission, and the confidence placed in the Commission was justified by the result of die investigation, as .tbe Report gave satisfaction to the Catholics as well as the rest of the community. " Thelatearchbishop, whilst thoroughly loyal to his own church, always maintained friendly social relations with the members of other de nominations, and heartily co-operated with them in all works of a philanthropic character. I have met him on the platforms of nearly all our charitable societies. In the early yean of the University he served upon the council, and he continued after hi? retirement from it to manifest his interest in the institution by attending the Commemorations. "It was impossible to know him without being struck with the dignity of his demeanor and his nobility of character. Behind his asceticism and a certain austerity of manner one recognised unmistakably bis goodness of heart, and the purity, the earnestness, and the eaintlinees of his life. Knowing him as I did during the whole of his long episcopate I could not fail to admire the devotedness with which he addressed himself to tbe functions of his sacred office. When he entered upon his duties as bishop his diocese was torn with dissensions and burdened with debt. His accession to the episcopate meant the undertaking of responsibilities which would have dip*l*""*"^''^ a nun cast in a less heroic mould. Everybody knows bow courageously and how Enoaassfnlly his diffi culties were overcome. Now the country is reticulated with railways and his former d iocese is divided it "is difficult to realise the fatigues end hardships of the long journeys he was accustomed to take from the frontiers of settlement in the remote north and north-west to the south-eastern part of the colony. His constitution was broken down, and he grew prematurely {aged through toils and difficulties which he encountered with the fortitude of a martyr and the zeal of an apostle. In 1657, when I called to congratulate him upon his b«B?T promoted to be archbishop, be told me that be had previously felt that his work was done, that he was worn out, and that he had intended to resign bis see and to retire to a monastery to spend the remainder of his life in contemplation and devotion. But he felt, he said, that his elevation to the archbishopric was a call to teuowud activity, and that he had now nude «p bis mind, to epiod tbe rest of bis days in the performance of his dnties and amongst his own people. "Although I did not see tbe archbishop dnring his last illness t was much touched to nrctrive from him inaay Iciud and thoughtful messages in answer to my enquiries alter hits health. " In the death of Archbishop Reynolds tbe Roman Catholics biwe lost a di«un£uished and eaintly prelate, and S..m.h Australia a colonist whose life was a pattern of devotion acd of self-sacrifice for the good of others." THB ARCHBISHOPS LAST ILLKESS. For the past twelve years the late Archbishop could not be said to have enjoyed good health. The last time he returned trom Home, where he had an audience with his Holiness the Pope, he was in a very weak etaoe ot health. Symptoms of diabetes manitested themselves, but he did not suffer acutely. T«o years ago he was eeiz-d with an attack of bronchitis, and it was at that time expected that he would never recover. He rallied, however, and went into active work once more. He was often heard to remark on the kinfinww shown him during his illness by ths Sisters of Mercy, Angas-strmc. During the past couple of years Dr. B«ynolds was never in perfect health, and in order to strengthen himself to go thronfjh the office of Holy Week he took a trip to Mount Barker. There he caught a cold which shook his whole frame. The primary disease of diabetes with chronic Bright* disease developed. Con sumption set in, and this, coupled With dropsy and norvrt disease, carried off the prelate. The two last-mentioned troubles were the imuie mediate cause of death. Dr. O'Connell during the last two weeks had to puncture the feet and legs of his Grace to ease him, and he acknowledged to the doctor that the opera tions gave him considerable relief. His Graoe bore his sufferings, which at times were intense, with the greatest fortitude. Had he not been a man of <>ueh great faith and extraordinary will- power he could not have lived so long. Dr. O'Connsll was in atten dance night and day on the late Archbishop, and in recognition of his unremittingattention to him he placed tbe ring he reoeired whan he was made Bishop of Adelaide on the doctor's finger. On Saturday Dr. Beynolds passed a very bod night, and seeing that the end was near tbe apostolic benediction was pronounced. He made the profes sion of faith in the presenca of the Yen. Arch deacon BnsseU. Archpriest Kevin, the Very Eev. Dean Kennedy, and the Rev. Father Williams. On tine same day ho gave the Papal! benediction which was torwarded to his Grace some little time ago by his Holiness the Pope to the priests^ of his diocese. Dr. O'Connell was also present, and on telling his Grace that his end was near he Paid. "It is the will of God ; let it be done. I'll pray for | you before tbe throne of God. Jesus, have mercy on me." On Monday mnming the Archbishop was quite free from bodily pain, and his death is described an peaceful and beautiful. He remained quite conscious till about half an hour before the end came. MOITRUrN'G CEREMONIES AT ST FRANCIS XAVIEH'S CATHEDRAL. St. Fraccis Xavier'e Cathedral was draped in mourning on Monday evening. The pillars were all covered in block, and the cloth fell in graceful folds from the gas jets. The altar van stripped of ifc? adornments and put in mourning, while the throne where Dr. Reynolds officiated co many times and gave his blessing to tne faithful was also en veloped in black. A pedestal was erected im mediately in front of the sanctuary and wan draped with purple and white. A large num ber of adherence of lie Church assembled at the Cathedral on Monday nighcawaicingthearrival of the remains of the deceased prelate. About half- part 9 the bell began to toll, and Dr. Byrne, vested in black cope, with Fathers McEvoy, Cornea, Hurley, and Archdeacon Russell, in soutanes and surplices, and several aoolyces, emerged from the vestry and pro ceeded down the aisle to meet the coffin at the door of the Cathedral. Close on 10 o'clock a procession was formed np the church. The acolytes carrying the crosses and lighted candles came first, then the pxiests, and Mr. Siubert and assistants carrying the coffin. Father McMahon held the Archbishop's mitre. The bier was placed on the pedestal and the lid unscrewed. The head was raised and a cushion placed under neath. The'mitre was placed on the head and a cross deposited on the Archbishop's breast. He was dressed in his episcopal robes. Then the whole congregation passed round the coffin and paid their respeota to the remains -of the eminent prelate. The body will lie in state to day. THE OBSEQUIES AND FUNERAL. The obsequies of the late' Archbishop will take place to-morrow morning at Ss. Francis Xavicr's Cathedral, where the body will lie in state. At the conclusion of the service the funeral will take place, and at the expressed winh of his Grace his remains will be buried at the cemetery of the Dominican nuns, Goodwood. THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. 