THE STORYTELLER. DAISY. A KKM1NISCENCE OF 1S70. 15v John Desmond, I thought her then, I think her now, the> sweetest tunl purest woman I ever saw, and 1 haw seen a good many in my time. It was in the beginning of 70 that 1 first became acquainted with her. She was standing at the entrance of a amallun-oountry store—yon know the sOtt-—whe» almost everything is' sold, from autmr) shirt to a bottle of brandy. \ aV , We hid pfohtp oeroamp fast ahont half inula bbtmiwon the top ot a suitable rise, and the bttthjta sent turn of us—Kennedy, the ducreyi an, and myself (titen an un nurewea)—to purchase some fwas a way hot day.but I mnember die looked a* oool as a eaoember, and as fresh «aadat«y (hernan^ ltf ihemiiyt as I found out after), though she Mashed timidly when we spoke to her and made known our wants. Before she oould reply the ohl man himself appeared upon the scene, lb look at him you would not imagine for a moment that he could possibly be the father of such a bright, pretty oreature aa she was: he had such a grim old face, half concealed hy a thick, grey, bushy beard, ah manner, however, was amiable enough. He epeedily attended to as, and matted freely about one thing and another, theash we were strangers, aud not tntroh iaiinedto be eommuniewtiv*, Ha cava aa eome valuable information the ooartW 'We .had eosse up to p, over the pos :■ ot mil war there. fdayb journey, \andlefthim a yam, and . « way with to him. ihUhdsIp Ittdwihad «m the chat cot Roma* nose that «*v* dkaMmar astha iMttHw tokMi iret net 6^M$>1Wi2SiS ^Wtwnr patamue. WMot she tnheof a* the tesertM «he ImjUhetohucuoddsy, nnd was turning to leave, when an elderly woman entered the store by a Bide entrance, and, catching a glimpse of his face as he was walking nut, stood stock-still, staring at him as if she had suddenly lost her senses, or was gazing at a ghost. I touched him on the arm, nnd drew his attention to her. lo my surprise, lie, too, stood as if thunderstruck, while his face grew suddenly whitens a J sheet. However, he mastered himself in n few moments, nnd crossed over to the woman, creeling her with outstretched hand, j and evidently with words which expressed great pleasure at his thus bo unexpectedly meeting an old friend. The woman drew him aside, and spoke to him rapidly in a low tone. .She seemed to he about fifty years of age, and was respectably attired in a block dress anil bonnet. Her face was thin and worn— "hungry-looking," I would call it—and her small grey eyes roamed about restlessly all the time siic was talking. j The storekeeper and his daughter. I fancied, knew her well, for thpy both had j advanced to speak to her when bIic came in. I I grew tired ot waiting for Kennedy, bo started for the camp with the provisions, heavy though they were for one to carry. He soon caught up to me, however, and began making a long, rambling statement about the old lady having brought him safely through iv serious illness once, when he was away somewhere in the malice district. " She looked as suprised as if you hqd just risen from the dead, I said with a laugh, not wholly believing his story. He muttered something which 1 did not catch, and said no more till wc reached the oamp. We had plenty of hard work for the first three weeks, for the country was thickly timbered, and the bush tracks overgrown with scrub nnd the wild ground-creepers; but after that we began to feel that we had made some headway, bo began to roam about the township ui an evening in search of whatever amusement waB to be got—very little at the best of times for men who were neither hard drinkers nor gamblers, Wc all soon struck up an acquaintance with the old storekeeper and his family, and, as they proved to be kindly, sociable people, often spent a few hours in tiicir company. Mrs. Harrison was a small, thin, faded-look ing woman, with a pleasant manner, and a sott, persuasive voice; the sons (two) were tall, heart)% good-natured young fellows, ever ready to pluy a game of cards or to join in a song when we felt in the humour for either. They had a fairly good piano, nnd, as most of our lot could sing and play their own ac companiments, we often had a real, jolly time of it Daisy was not always present, hut when she was she would sing for us sometimes—sweet, plaintive, homely songs that made the iump9 rise in a fellow's thrbat somehow, and his thoughts tly back to " home and mother" like magic. She never had much to say nt any time, yet she was not the sort of girl who ueems to think it her duty " to sit still and look pretty." She was naturally shy and reserved, yet I have seen her (when Kennedy would spin yarus about some of'the brave, -reckless doiugs of the diggers of the early mining days) roused up to such a pitch of enthusiasm that her cheeks would flush and her eyes sparkle, and words spring from her . lips full of fire and vigour enough, as well as deep thought, to do credit to the cleverest of men. One of the surveyors (Caldwell, a fellow who had a jest ior everything) named her " Desdemonat" in consequence of the almost breathless inte rest she took in their tales and anecdotes (rather "tallyarns," too, some of them!), but he took care not to use the nickname in Kennedy's presence. Kennedy was quite a " gone case " in no time. He once told me that he had had little reason to give women either respect or reverence, but that there was something so innocent and pure about Daisy that he felt towards her as he had never before felt towards any other woman in his life. Hut he was not the only one who was under her fascinating influence. Mr. Morley, our head boss, a single man also, was an other victim before long. He did not visit Harrison's as frequently as the rest of us, but when he was there, and Daisy was about, his eyes seldom left her face. His infatua tion soon grew to be a standing joke among us, though every man of us had the greatest respect for tlie girl, who wssalways modest and retiring, and as dignified as a queen ui manner, even when warmed up and excited. Hut Morley had always been such a persis tent woman-hater; had always been set down ss a confirmed old bachelor who wouldn t waste a thought on a woman, let alone lore her! Well, time wait on. The boss did not seem to make modi progress with his Ions nuking, for he grew morose and sullen, and nothing we did m the line of work seemed to satisfyhmi. but in proportion as he grew overbearing, and so disagreeable we could hardly put up with him, Kennedy's spirits rose; ana we began to be alive to the fact that Daisy was beginning to awaken to the state of affairs, and in her woman's way win shooing Kenuwiy Hie preference. Fkomtbat time he had very tittle pmoe in the camp ; but he took sll our "chaff "m good put, knowing well that we washed hSm lock; for he was a great favourite amongst at, being always ready to do a kindly turn or in obliging act for any of us. He «u a fina, strapping fellow of thirty-two, tail and square, with a fur, handsome, sunburnt Me, and a pair of laughing, miachievoQS brown eyes that we didn't wonder captivated the heart of womenkind. Yet I bars seen hits m»ae*»ble enough sometimes. Mortey, on the otter hand, was small and dark, with a string, determined oountetupoe, that |S5iSr^w«e thin>*an^'qrw^J^ What would have come of lids iopeaworiureishurd to my, for Kennedy was Mtewtosmnk tamely to either haoteooe or pmeostkm, hot about Uut thee, whew Owe TWidsy ssoouag fmrl had oooa smmk ton dsuh is the dkeefara onti wf tope we weeded, ood was joal shoot to cam what [lira osawoM14oom,oliBoswshsd sort on the MMWof oof spfe, < ~ tion which she desired to ask of me, not from any inquisitive motive, out for more serious reasons which I would understand later on, " Depends on what the question is," 1 said carelessly. " Only this. Will you tell me whether the report that Mr. Kennedy of your Camp is en gaged to Miss Daisy here is true t" She spoke eagerly—anxiously, I thought. I did not see any harm in telling her what everybody was beginning to know now. " I believe so," I said ; " but Mr, Kennedy would certainly not thank anyone to concern themselves so deeply al>out his affairs." She did not answer, but turned away despon dently I told Kennedy that day that his old lady ' frieud had been inquiring anxiously niter his welfare, and after bantering him for a few moments and rousing his Curiosity re lated what had passed. He looked puzzled and seemed out of sorts for the rest of the afternoon, so much so that I felt sorry for having mentioned the circumstance. After tea he disappeared, and I went off into the bush to set some opossum traps, as the night \va9 clear and starlight. .1 suppose I was out about an hour before I turned my steps homeward. I didn't Jeel inclined to enter the tents just then, so I thought I would follow what was commonly known as " the back track," and make my way to Hurrison's, feeling sure that Kennedy would be there as usual, and I Would have his company home. The road, ail ordinary bush one. led to the township, but was not much . used except by the Harrison's and ourselves. I had only gone about half-way, when 1 beard the sound of a woman sobbing—deep, heart broken sobs they were—sopitiful that a shuddering feeling came over me, and I stood quite still, not knowing whether to move forward and find out who and why, it was, or to turn round and go back. - While ! hesitated, I beard a voice I knew well say in a hoarse husky whisper, " For God s sake, Daisy, don't 1 I would rather die than see you suffer like this 1" , ,, ' There was no answer, but the sobs died away in a faint moan. I heard advancing footsteps, and fearful that Kennedy would see me, though 1 had no wish to play the spy, I slipped benind a huge gum-tree at the side of the road, and waited anxiously for them to pass. They soon came in sight, he with bis arm thrown round her, and she {for it was Daisy) with drooping figure, her head bowed, * *»* &»■"— behind which I was concealed. •' When did the old hag tell you this, my poor little woman?" Kennedy said, in a harsh, strained voice, drawing the girl closer to him. . , .. " This morning. O Hugh, Hugh, say it isn't true! It can't be true !" He touched a bitter, discordant laugh. " 1 wish to Heaven 1 could say so, but I have never lied yet It is true enough, my poor girl; but, as God is my witness, I never infant to wrong you! 1 never knew she cumbered the earth till you put the proofs into my hands this night. It is seven years since she left me. Six years since a letter from her mother—whom 1 believed an honest woman —reached me telling me that she was dead she, my wife, who yet hod never been a wife to me, bat a burden and a disgrace!—and that I could go and take away my boy. The lyiug old wretch 1 To think it was a got-up plan between them that she might have her fling oil these years, and come like a viper across my path when she thought happiness was to full to my lot At last! Curse licr. X could kill her when I think—. I " Hush, oh hush!" Daisy said, sbivenng; " don't talk like that, Hugh, it is wicked! " Wicked! Shall I praise her virtues, then ? Shall I call her my saint, my •' O Hugh, Hugh I She was pot a good woman, 1 know ; she drank, and made your life miserable " ,. , _ „„„ " Yes, a hell upon earth, which your pure soul, 1 pray, may never know anything ot! " Hot, Hugh dear, though she did wrong then, she is a different—a better woman, now. I believe, from what her mother has told me wentoa speaklngin little gasps, as if the words W^Vorgivelier—Hugh—for my sake—forgive her—and take her back P , f ^ With a sodden movement he flung her from ^You know not what yon ask! Feu ask me to take her back. My God! yet tins woman said she loved me! The girl's distress was terrible to see. She threw up her arms with a wailing cry. « o my darling, my darling, I tto love you, God only knows how well! Butwe must do it to only one short nwmlh since—: here ber vtaoe toiled. She leaned £g*jnst the tree, exhausted. X fioaldlxtt her beait-beats in the silence. ' ta*! endearing 