MISSIONARY SERVICES AT TEE CENTENARY HALL. Special missionary services were hold yesterday at the Centenary Hall. Ono was «onductod hy somo converted Hindoos, who appeared in nativo costumo, and who ar» officers oí the fyvivntion Anny. At tho other service tho Kev. B. D-i.nks gavo soma rocords of " missionary triiimijhs in Duko of York and Xow Britain." The novelty ot tho Indian missionary meeting, and tho interest felt in tlio work, caused a largo eongrogiition to auroinhlo in tho afternoon. Both the gallones, jiu addition to tho body of tho hali, had to bo brought into requisition. It had been utinounxid that Major Musa Bhai would bo in command, and that he would ho assisted hy Captatus Sudamartd, Gunasercka, aud Muthiah, aud Lieutenant Soya v but ono of thoir number was absout tlirough indisposition. Tho four others, how- ever, nsccndod t>io platform in company with the Kevs. lt. Bavin, and B. Hanks. After tho hymu commencing "Jesusshall reigu whero'er tho sim " had buen sir og prayers wero offered by Mr. Bavin au d ono of tile Hindoo officers on behalf of tl io oxtonsiou of Christ's Kingdom. Mr. Bavin shortly afterwards m&do; his acknowledg- ments to Brigadier Rothwell, of tho Salvation Army, for having permitted the attendance of tho officers who wero oe. tho platform. Thoso officers then formed a qua rtet, and, with tambourino and bells and other accoinpani'OMnts, sang some hymns in thoir own language Ono of thoir number next delivered an address, vriiich Major Musa Bhai intor proted. Thc speaker praisod God that ho was there that af tonio On to bo, ablo to givo his tostimony for Christ. Thrijuanda,half years ago hehadnoverdreamt that thero vras any power which could havo turned him from his oin. ul wnys, but his heart had lieon aeltod, nutt, ho wan there in that hall as a witness for tko Lord. AU of tho mischievous and evil feelings ffbich hali ftllod his heart had boca cast out by the "Lord .leaos, Ohrist. In his native country ho had gone to a Tnioeting of tho Salvation Army with tho object of persecuting aud annoying those present; but when, at a second mooting, which ho had at- tended at tho persuasion of a companion, ho had ' heard tho ctiptam exhorting sinners to turn to tho Lord and toiling them that nuy siuuer who did so could bo saved, he could resist no longer, but went forward and pleaded with God. Another of tho otficera on the platform, Captain Summand, sang a solo and spoke to thoso present. Ku said ho believed in his heart that for India thora was a Saviour. He felt that God was just as aide and just as willing to stretch ont His hand and aavo tho peoplo of that country ns Ho was ready ty? save tho peoplo of Australia. Again and again ho t'.ad witnessed tho truth penetrating tho hearts of crox «ls of peoplo inindia. Ho know that whon the I-'.oly Ghost was iu tho messenger, the truth went right tlirough tho hearts of tho listeners, and convinced them of righteousness, of truth, and of tho iadgmont to come. 