(Lemperaita Jteins. 'An Evening with Dickens,' was the subject of the last meeting of the Homebush Wesleyan Band of Hope held on Wednes day, 23rd August, when a very interesting and profitable evening was spent. Mr. Thompson very ably recited two selections and Mr. Flockhart read one from Dickens' Christmas Carol, viz., Bob Cratchet's Christmas dinner, Sorouge's nephew's Christmas Party and Marley's Ghost, respectively, all creating much interest and applause. Miss A. Wettpn read ' Death of little Nell,' and Miss Iney Johns sang very prettily 'Little Nell, Miss I, Bayley read 'What are the wijd waves saying,' after which Mrs. Bowman and Mr, W. H. McCelland sang a duet of the same name. The benediction brought the evening to a close. rfc sk $t The programme .competition between the young ladies and young men of the New castle Wesleyan Band of Hope came to a close on Wednesday evening last by the young men giving a programme before a large and critical audience. Mr. Barkley took the chair. The programme was com menced and the following succeeded hi making it interesting. Solos by Mr. E. G. Fletcher, H. Charleston, and E. McOann ; recitations by Messrs. D. Meldrum, A. Wilson, J. Webb, J. Smith, D. Willis, and H. Muncaster ; dialogues, short temperance speeches, and choruses by the other mem bers brought an excellent programme to a finish. At the close of the programme the Adjudicator (Rev. M. Parkinson) after criticising both sides cSme to a conclusion that the young ladies had honestly beaten the young men. The main objeot of this competition was to put more energy into Band of Hope work. * * * ? During the last month, instead of the ordinary meetings, a large choir from the Penrith and Emu Plains Band of Hope have rendered in all the four churches in the circuit the beautiful temperance service of song — ' His Father's Image.' The charge of a silver coin was made for admission and very rarely have those churches been so well filled as on those occasions. The musical parts of this service of song are exceptionally bright and beautiful and the large audiences testified veryunmistakeably their warm appreciation of the admirable manner with which they were rendered by the choir. Miss Huxley and Mr. Price presided at the organ ; Miss Fraser. Miss Starling, Mr. Williams and Master Worboys rendered the part music ; and Masters Norman Hunter arid McGoldie gave the recitations with great credit and acceptance. S. E. Lees, Esq., M.L.A., presided in the Penrith Church and ex pressed his surprise at the excellence of the performance. The proceeds were in aid of the circuit funds. .1. «1- *!. An open meeting took place in Cobar on Monday 21st ultimo, great expectations had been raised concerning this meeting, as a novel feature was to distinguish it from the ordinary, this feature was the speaking of two of the boys (E. Fisher and A. Page), the former spoke with fluency and natural ?ness, and received considerable applause — another feature was a Glee, by very little children- under the training of Miss M. James — in addition to the foregoing, there was a Trio by Misses McDonald (3), also duets by Misses Alma and Stella James Doris Lewis, and F. Reilly, and songs by Misses Gerty Jeffery and Pearce ; recitations by Misses B. McDonald, and Violet McDonald, E. Page, Misses E. Lee, Lewis, and Clara Fisher, also B. Trebellcook, Doris Lewis and E. Willis. Miss M. James was the organist. The .audience numbered about 150 and the financial result will be gratifying to the trusc. * * * The William-street Band of Hope visited the City Mission Band of Hope in the Presbyterian School-hall, Palmer-street, on Thursday evening, 31st August. There, was a good attendance, Mi\ Freeland (City Missionary) presiding. An excellent enter tainment was provided by the William street Society, and consisted of solos, duets, (vocal and instrumental), dialogues, recita tions, &c;, the greater of which was furnished by the juvenile members. The annual meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held in St. Mark's school-room, Warwick, Queens land. There was a large attendance, and much interest was manifested by the members as the election of officers for the ensuing year was the principal business of the meeting. Mrs. T. A. Johnson was again re-elected to the office of president; .Miss Howe, secretary; Miss Merry, treasurer ; Mesdames Legate, Hutchinson, and Allpass, vice-presidents. . Superinten dents of departments were also appointed. Mrs. Archibald and Mrs. Fleming take charge of the hospital visitation and flower mission ; Mrs. Wild superintendent of tract distribution ; Mrs. Knowles and Mrs. Archibald joint superintendents of mothers' meetings ; Mrs. Roggenkamp has charge of tracts and literature at the railway station ; Mrs. Allpass of Sunday school work ; Mrs. J. Wilson of unfermented wine for the sacrament ; Miss Bulcock is superintendent of literature ; and Mrs. S. S. Fenwick is again librarian. The secretary read a very encouraging report of the /year's work, and the treasurer presented a satisfactory balance-sheet. A very thoughtful and in structive paper on ' Ventilation ' as one important branch of hygiene was contribu ted by Miss Bulcock, which was much appreciated. * # . * On Friday evening, August 25th, a magic lantern lecture in connection with the Paddington Wesleyan Band of Hope, was delivered by Mr. J. W. Lawton, in the schoolroom. There was a large attendance of both adults and children, who were first shown pictures of well-known public men, besides several English and Australian scenes, after' which the lecture was pro ceeded with. ' Buy your own cherries,' caused much interest and amusement ; 'The child, what will he become,' was listened to with interest, and the different stages of the child's possible life seemed to make a deep impression on the young ones assembled. Suitable hymns were rendered during the evening. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried by acolamation. * * The Annual « Meeting of the Mayfield Band of Hope was held in the Wesleyan Church, August 31, the church being com fortably filled. Mr. W. Arnott, President, occupied the chair. The Treasurer's and Secretary's report were read, showing 82 ' members on the roll, or an average of nine each meeting night. The Newcastle Wes leyan Choir kindly gave their services, and rendered some choice selections during the evening. The following ladies and gentle men enlivened the proceedings by songs and recitations : — Mrs. Rutherford, Misses - Jeannie Elliott, Ada Marks, Eva Gibbs, and Ruth Bull ; Mr. Barolay, D. Morrison, W. Paine, W. Glover, McCan, Stanley ???'/'}' Gibbs, Muncastle, and W. Arnott (Presi dent). 