THE LECEND OF THE ELEPHANT AND THE LION. By Henry M. Stanley, Author of "In Darkest Africa," &c;, At a camp on tho Upper Congo, in 1887, Ohakanja drew near our fire as story tolling was about to begin, and was immediately beset with eager demands for a tale from him. Like a singer, who always professes to have a ooid before indulging, us, Ohakanja needed more than a few entreaties : but finally, after vow- ing that he never aould remember anything, he consented to gratify us with the Legend of the Elephant and the Lion. "WoU," he answered, with a deep sigh, "if I must, I must. You must know we tVsganda are fond of three things — to have a nice wife, a pleasant farm and to hear good news, or a lively story. I have heard a great many stories in my life, bnt unliko Kadu my mind remembers them not. Men's heads are not tho same, any moro than men's hearts are like. But I take it that a poor tale is better than- none. It comes bnok to me like a dream, this tale of the Elc pliant and the Lion. I heard it first when on a visit to Gabunga's ; but who oau toU it like him ? If you think the tale is not well told it is my fault; but then, do not blame mo too much, or I shall think I ought to blame you to morrow when it will he your turn to amoso the party. "Now, open your cars: A huge and sour- tempered elephant went and wandered in the forest. His inaido was slack for want of juioy roots and succulent iceds, but his head was as fuU of dark thoughts as a gadfly is full of blood. As ho looked this way and that ho observed a young lioa asleep at the foot of a tree. Ho regarded it for a while, than, as ho was ia a wioked mind, it came to him that he might as well kill it, and he acoordingly rushed at it and impaled him with his tusks. He lifted it with his trunk, Bwung it about, and dashed it against the tree, and afterwards kneeled on the body until it became aa shapeless as a crushed banana pulp. Ho then lauguod and said, ' Ha, ha 1 This is a proof that I am strong. I have killed a lion, and people will say proud things of me, and wonder at my atrongtli.' " Presently a brother elephant came up and greeted hiiil. " 'See, 'said the first elephant, 'what I have done. It was I that : killed him. I lifted him on high, and lo, he lies, liko a rotten banana. Do you not think I am very strong? Come, ha frank now, and give me aomo oredit for what I have done.' "Elephant No. 2 replied, ' It is true that you are strong, but that was only a young lion. There are others of his kind, and I have seen them, who would givo you considerable trouble. ' ;. " ' Ho, ho,' laughed tho first elephont. Got out, stupid. ' You may bring his whole tribe heie and I will show you what I oan do. , Aye, and to your dam to boot.' " ' What ! My own mother, too?' "'Yes. Go and fntcli her if you like. " ' Well, well,' said No. 2, !you arc far gone there is no doubt. ' Fare you well' . ' ' No. 2 prooeedod on his wanderings, resolved in his mind that if he had an opportunity he would sond some one .to teat the boasters strength. No. 1 called ont to him, " ' Away you go. Good-bye to you. " A littlo way on, No. 2 Elephant met a lion and lioness, full grown, and 'splendid crcaiures, who turned out to ho the parents of tlio young ster which hsd been slain, and he Baid to thorn, after a sooiablc chat, . . " ' If you go further on alongjthe path I eame you will meet a kind of game which requires killing . badly.' : Ho has just mangled your cub.' ; ... i "Meantime: Elephant No. 1, ohuckling to himself very conceitedly, proceeded to tho pool near by to batho and cool himself. At every step he went you could hear, his 'Ha, ha, na > Io, I have killed a lion 1'. While he was in tho pool spurting the water in a shower over ins back ho suddenly looked up, and at the wa5?'®- edge boheld'a grown: lion and lioness regarding him sternly. ' - . , ,i " ' Well. What do you want?" askoii.. ' Why are you standing there looking at mo " ' Are you the rogue who killed our oluw . they asked. , . .. ' ,i ' "'Perhaps i am,' he answered. Why do yon want to know ?' - if 'tho ".' Because wo are in search .of him- 1> >» you that did it, you will liavo to do tho same to. us before you leave this ground.'. All Rights Resorted. Hoi ho I' laughed the olephant, loudly. Well. hark. It wbb I who killed your oub. Come now, it was I. . Do you hoar ? And if you V„0t leavo hero mighty quiok, I shall have to serve you both as I served him.' _ 'The lions roared aloud m thoir fury, and -mill-hod their tails violently, ' ' Ho ho r laughed the olephant gaily. This is grand ! Thcro is no doubt I shall run seen, they mako mo so skoery,' and lie danced Jound the pool, and jeered at thorn, then drank a groatquantity of wator and blow it in a shower ovfirThemiions stirred not, hut kept steadfastly gazing at him, planning how best to attaok k'n'peroeiving that they were obstinate, ho threw anothor stream of water overtho lions and then backed into tho deopest part of the pool, until thcro was nothing aeon of him but tho tip if liia trunk. When ho roao again, the lions "ere still watching him, and had not moved. « i Ho, hoi' ho trumpotod, Btlll thcro ? Wait a little i am coming to you.' He advanoed to wards the shore, but when ho was close enough the lion sire sprang into tho air, and alighted on tho olephant'e back, and furiously tore at the muscles of tho nock.andbit decpin to the shoulder. Tho elephant rotreatod into the deopost part of the pool again, and submorgcdhimself and his enemy, until the lion was compelled to abandon his baok and begin to swim ashore. No sooner had ha felt himself roliovcd than ho rose to tho surface, nud hastily followod and Boizod tho lion with his trunk. Despite his struggles he was -.-—.1 lifineath tho surface, dragged under his knees, and trodden into tho mud, and in a short timo the lion sire was dead. "The Elephant laughed triumphantly, and cried ' Ho, ho ! am not strong, Ma Lion ? Did you ever soo thollikes of me beforo. Two of you. Young Lion, and Pa Lion arc now killed. Ma Lion had you not better try now, just to nee if you won't havo better luok. Como on, old woman, just once.' "The lionoss fiercely answered, whllo she re treated from tho pool, ' Hold on where you are. I am going to find my brother, and will be back 8h"The olephant trumpeted his scorn of her kind, and Boizing the caroase of her lord, flung it on shore aftor her, and dsolarod his readiness to abide where lie was, that ho might mako mask of all the lion family. " In a abort time the lioness bad ionnd her brother, who was a mighty fellow, and fall of fight. As tlioy ndvnnoed noar tho pool togothcr they consulted as to tlio best means of getting at him. Then tho lioness sprang forward to the edgo of tho pool. The elephant rotrcatcd a short distance. The lionesB upon this oropt along tho pool and pretended to Inp the wator. Tho elephant moved towards hor. Tho lien waited his ohnnce, and finally with a great roar, sprang upon his shoulders, and com menced tearing away at tho very placa which hod been wounded by lion sire. -'The olephant booked quiokly into deep wator and submerged himself, but the lion maintained his hold and bit deeper. The elephant then sank down until there was no thing to be seen but the tip of his trunk, upon which the lion, to avoid suffocation, relaxed hiB hold and swam vigorously towards shoro. Tho elephant roso up, and as tbo lion was stepping on shore seized him and drove one of his tusks through his body ; but as ho was in the net the lioness sprang upon the elephant's neok and bit and tore so furiously that bo foil dead, and with his fall crushed the dying lion. " Soon after tho olosc of tho terrible combat elephant No. 2 came up and discovered the lioness licking her ohops and paws, and said — " 1 Hello, it seems there liaB boen quite a quarrel hero lately. Three lions are dead, and hero lies ono of my own kind, stiffening.' "'Yes,' replied tho lioness, gloomily, 'the rogue olephant killed my aub while the little feUow was asleep in tho woods. He then killed my husband and brother, and I killed him ; but I do not think the elephant has gained much by fighting with ub. I did not havo muoh trouble in killing him. Should you meet any frionds.of his you may warn them to loavo tho lioness alone, or sue may be tempted to make Bhort work of thorn.' ' " "Elephant No. 2, though a patient' person generally, was annoyed at -this, and gave a sudden klok with one of his hind feet, which sent her sprawling a good distance off, and asked— How do you like that, Ma Lion ?' " 'What do yon mean by that ? ' demanded the enraged lioness. " ' Oh, because I hate to hear so muoh brag ging.' ' Do you also wish to fight ? ' she asked. '"We should never talk about doing -an im possible thing, Ma Lion,' he answered. I have travelled may years through these woods, and I have never fought yet. I find that when a per son minds his own business lie seldom comes to trouble, and when I meet ono who is oven Btrongor than myself I greet him plesaantly and pass on, and I should advisoyou to do thoBamo, Ma Lion,' "'You are saucy, elephant. It would bo well for you to think upon your stupid brother tnero, who lies so Btark under your nose, beforo you trouble one who slow him with your inso- lonce.' !' 'y®"' words never yot mado a plantation ; it la tho handling of a hoo that makes fields, bee hero, Ma Lion, if I talked to you all day I could not mako you wise. I will just turn my baok to you. If you will bito me, you will soon learn how weak you are.' Tho, lioness, angered still more by tho elephant e contempt, sprang at his shoulders and clung fo him, upon which ho rushed at a stout tree, and pressing his Blioulders against it, crushed the breath out of her body, and she ceased her struggles. When he relaxed his pressure the body fell to tho ground, and he auolt upon it and kneaded it until every bone was broken. "While tho elephant was meditatively stand ing over the body and thinking what misfortunes uappon to boasters, a man came along carrying a spear, ana seeing that the elephant was uu- awnre of his presence he thought what great luck had happened to him. be, 'Ah, what fino tusks ho has. I SI15 r thein, and shall buy slaves and eattlo, and with these I will got a wife and wi i. £ whloh be advanoed silently, and sen lio was near enough darted his Bpear into n?0 behind the shoulder, i. i Ti? ®'ePbant turned around quickly, and on .? cnmy rushed aftor him, and overtaking him mauled him, until in a few Pf? i ,vas a mangled eorpse. A' this time a woman approaoliod, and see jug four lions and ono olophant, and her lusband dead, olio raised up hor hands wonder- jngly and cried, 1 How did all thin happen ?' -tile elephant hearing her voice came from .!! jH ft 5?®' w"b aspoar quivering in his side, and bleeding profusely. At the sight of him ino woman turned to fly, but tho elephant cried out to her, 'Nay, run not, woman, for I can do you no harm. Tho happy days in tho woods aro onded for all tho tribee. Tho memory wii iP s®cno W"1 never be forgotten. Animals ill be at constant war ono with another. Lions wiiino more greet elephants, thcbuffaloes will be ny, tho rhinoaerosea will livo apart, and man, when lip comes within tho shadows, will think of nothing olss than hiB terrors, and he will jancy an enemy in every shadow. Iam sorely wounded, for thy man stole up to my Bide and drove his spear into mo, and soon I shall die.' " When she heard those words tho woman hastened homo, all the villagers, old and young, hurried into tho woods, by tho pool, whoro tlioy found four llonB, two elephants, and ono of their own tribe lying still and lifeless. "The words of the olephant havo turned out to bo true, for no man goes nowadays into tho oilcnt and deserted wood but he foels as though something w»b haunting thorn, and thinks of goblinry and starts at every sound. Out of tho ehadows which shift with tho sun forms seem crawling and phantoms appear to glido, and we aro in a fever almost from tho horrible illusions of fanoy. "We broatho quickly and fear to spook, for tho smallest vibration in tho silence would jar on our nervos. I spoak tho truth, for when I am in tho woods near tho niglit there swims before my oyes a multitude of terrible things whioli I nover seo by the light of day. Tho flash of a firofiy is a ghost, tho chant of a frog booomcs a frightful Toar, tho Budden piping of a bird signalises a murder, and I run. No, no ; no woods for mo when alone." And Chakanja rose to his feet and went to his own quarters, solemnly shaking his head. But wo all smiled nt Ohakanja, and thought how torribly frightened ho would bs if anyono sud denly roso from bohind a dark bush and cried " Boo !" at him. .- 