SPORT AND PLAY. Br " OI.YMPUB." THE Fifty-first Intercolonial Match between w South Wales a-ud Victoria is alL over, aud te Victorians have proved victorious. The latest etory makes the telly—Victoria, 27 ; New South Pales, '21. Under the circumstauces tho eight Sekets defeat inflicted on the New South Wales „n was a very crushing one, albeit it must be needed that his side was very severely handipped by the injury sustained by their captain, ^rry Moses, who had the misfortune to wrench he sound legduring his first innings. As against his, however, both Robert 51'Leod aud Hughey Vuuiblo were " under a cloud," so to speak—the rmer suffering from a severe attack of dysentery Bring the contest, whilst " Hughey" was almost jndered Jiors d' combat with influenza. For all hat, 1)R came out of his shell when wanted, aud, my opinion, practically won the same for ictoria by capturing the wickets of Frank ^ednlft and Harry Donnan on the morning of the Ith day, when "their defence appeared impregjible. And, with regard to the "bowling" of onnan, i would like to correct an error that has ept into the morning papers. Donnan was not clean bowled " by Trumble; what did happen ping that Hughey drove him back on to his scket with such effect that on playing one ball \- rebounded off bis pads into his wicket. Altoether nine different Victorian bowlers were tried the second innings of the visitors; rumble eaptuiing four for (53 and R. M.'Leod e for <)S, the former sending down SIB balls and • latter 4-11S. EWITH regard to tho stand made by the two outh Melbourne men—Trott and Barrett—when .J odd runs were wanted to secure a victory, it buld he impossible to esteem its value too highly. | was evident from the very first ball lie negojited from Fierce that Billy Bruce was far from Jmfortable, and after being badly missed by !llaway at <>, it came as no surprise when he caught in two minds by l'ierce at 10. At particular time, it must be conceded the Idnev lad was bowling with most puzzling scterity, even the usually phlegmatic " Doctor " one time losing his equanimity and lashing fciously out at him, with a result that should |ve sent him pavilionwards but for a terrible feplay of " butteredfingeredness" (what price *i?) on the part of Youill in the long-field, fear old " Trotter," too, was a; near as a toucher lin" 1 the number of his mess on two or three asions; and, altogether, matters didn't present too roseate a hue until the Red and Kiite representatives settled down to business ct simple, and then the Sydney men were lone like a dinner." It was the fun of the grid to watch the scoring- hoard when those two ,ists got fairly to work. Trick-and-toi they pt at it. during the :iO's, the 4«'s and part of i 50's, until in an evil moment Trott cut a ball It point, and, turning round to watch where it "i going, lost sight of the fact that his confrcrc i making tracks down to liis wicket in a shade even time. When he did discover it he used to budge, the consequence being that a tried return to the wrong wicket and a bungle Jm the wicketkeeper to the bowler gave an Jpantage that was not availed of, and—much to i disgust of the thousands of spectators present She gay and festive J. li. B. was stupidly run Jt. But not until certain victory was assured— ICtory which was worthily gained in a trades- "fnlike manner by H. Trumble "skelpiug" a of fours in the last over, and carrying his ; for 34, whilst his vis-a-vis was 70. THE distinctive batting features of the match Ire the respective stands made by Donnan and dale for N.S.W. and Doctor J. E. Barrett and Lrry Trott for Victoria. They were distinctive ause they were each required at their special When the Sydney lads entered into Hnership there were five wickets down in the ond innings of New South Wales and they i still five luns behind the Victorian tally for lirst innings. Between them they put on bther 100 runs before a separation was effected ; jther giving a possible ghost of a show until jjnnan's over-carefulness brought about his Srnfall with 5H opposite his name. Iredale gred 101 in masterly style, but was then bowled leek and crop " by Trumble—as far as I could ge, with the very best ball delivered during match. His performance was of such a very frh standard of merit that Tredale's name was paly canvassed amonsrst the spectators as a fely candidate for Eighth Australian honours, i general consensus of opinion being that his Sms should not be overlooked. TAKINO it right through, tho fielding of the jiney men was a very very far remove from pluidox Now South Wales form ill this respect, frfra, Alec. Bannerman, Syd. Gregory and amy Jones were quite up to concert pitch; but ist of tho. others were but so-so. Harry Donnan Sat times brilliant, and at other times "pussy." ningham was not a success. I don't say that P isn't a good player; but he is too volatile. Jones was unfortunate; as no other fieldsin Australia would have run him out the be way as Harry Trott did. Alec. Bannerman, >, did not have his day out; whilst- both Ilaway and S. Gregory also fell before tho un- !ing accuracy of Harry Trott at point. SEBI'ITE all these things, however, it was open I palpable that the best team won. TheVieian fielding was simply unapproachable. Once twice there were slight bungles or fumbles, these only served to show that tho fieldswere simply flesh a.nd blood after all—not i pieces of mechanism. It isn't often that vrill catch Bruce or Worrall letting a, go clean between their legs; and yet of these dashing and certain fieldsmen guilty in this connection. Then, again, our Best own Jem Phillips managed to call forth Eopprobrium of the Great Unwashed through making errors of judgment on ,i couple of occasions. And, by-the-way, it struck me that the good-tempered Melbourne professional felt rather aggrieved over the matter. In good sooth lie had every reason to be, for—oven granting that he is getting a wee bit slow and that his way of life is beginning to fall into the sere, the yellow leaf — it should never be forgotten that he has done the Cricketing State much service in his time, and that his record of seven wickets for 20 runs against New South Wales was not achieved so very many month.i ago after all. I tell you straight it set Jem Iiedfearu and myself a-thynkynge last Saturday when in conversation with, us Jem Phillips uttered these memorable (became truthful) words—" Had I but done half for New South Wales what I have done for Victoria in the cricket field, they would never have treated me like that." For no sooner had he uttered tho. remark than Itedfearn made reply—" Ah'. That is Victoria all over'. You can never do enough for them! They do show some respect for those who have been good men iu New South Wales '." TBF.UK were :W,H24- persons paid for admission during the five day.-, the amount taken being ,£1070 IS. Large as this amount is, I am positive it would have been fully equalled had the atmospheric conditions been as favourable during the continuance of the contest between South Australia and Victoria. Tim very fact that a sum of j;:i!il 16s. was taken at the gates on such a beast of a day as Saturday promised to bo for cricket about noon is conclusive proof of the absorbing interest that was evinced in the match in consequence of the South Australians having defeated the New South Wales representatives, whilst the Victoriau team had been undoubtedly strengthened by the inclusion of Percy Lewis, II. Stuckey and F. Laver. THE cavalier treatment Jack Carlton has experienced in tho New South Wales match — treatment which eveu his personal friend "Felix" wrote of last week in the AuslralatOtn in this fashion.—" In my judgment Worrall made a. mistake in taking Carlton off twice when he was sticking the players up, notably during the stand between Donnan and Iredale"—was evidently good and sufficient grounds for tho majority of t he Victorian Eleven (0 to 3 I believe the voting was) to cast about for another captain, the selection falling on Dr. J. 13\. Barrett, who forthwith borrowed Dave Scott's lucky coin [Mem.—I have been given to understand that the pair of them religiously "melted" ir afterwards.] and won the toss from George Giffen. It didn't take much consideration what; ho should do either, the consequence being that the South Australians were sent to the wickets; George Giffen and Jack Lyons wending forth to do battle on their buhalfy From, the, very first ball that Truuiblo delivered it was evident the wicket was somewhat " crook '"-^a «ircu<ti^sfa«o not to he wondered at considering it had been "flooded" on the Thursday afternoon-sifter the conclusion of the Now South Wales match, and that therefore the rainfall on Friday was so much surplus moisture. But it would have to be a very "cronk" wicket indeed that George Gifl'en wouldn't, know how to play on, and no sooner did he recognise the disability than lie went in for the orthodox " short life aud a merry one," and slashed around -"promiskus-Iike," irrespective of possiblo eventualities. Lyons had evidently become imbued with a similar idea; hut, unfoi - tunately for him, before he received the right kind of a delivery from Hilly Bruce to have a " whang" at, he blocked a hall hard down, which curled back on to the wicket., displacing the hails, and retiring him for the "demned duckegg" of old Fred Blackham's "Muscular Xtiau" peroration. KKEOMAN, who followed, only made when Trumble potted him ; a hush of expectancy pervading the crowd as Fred Jarvis joined his captain. The accredited " Censors of the Press" had been —or pretended to have been—very much concerned up to this time about the temerity of Captain Barrett in putting Bruce on to howl instead of M'Leod ; but the outcome proved that the youthful South Melhourneite possessed more knowledge of the exigencies of the case than the wielders of the grey goose quill, as in making a back cut off the left-hander, Jarvis chopped down on to his off stump, and had to retire for 5. A. li. OK the Jarvis ilk succeeded his brother, and between him and Gifl'en things became extremely lively for a time, the South Australian captain proving to demonstration that it was quite possible at cricket for a batsman to have as many lives as a cat. On three separate occasions did he send favours to Harry Graham, Frank Laver and Harry Stuckpy, and in each case the favour was declined. As regards Harry Graham, however, it must be conceded that the fieldsman caught the ball right enough, but had it jolted out of his baud through colliding with 11 e boundary fence just oil securing it. None of tho other South Australians participated in Giffen's good fortune though, as Jarvis and Hiscocks were both " snavelled " by Trott off Trumble (for 10 and 2 respectively), whilst Bruce retired Tardiff and Parkin for a unit each off the same trundler. IT was not until Giffen had been in for an hour and seventeen minutes fur :i2 runs that he met his kismet—at the hands of Harry Graham, who secured him off a lofty hit right out on the chains. JonES,the" catapult" howler,was la6t man; but though last ho was by no means least, as ha rattled up 1H (second highest score) iu quick sticks, and was not out when' H. Bhmua.ii was bowled by Carlton for i; the South Australian first innings closing for 73—of which the only sundry was one wide. " So much for Percy Lewis as a wicket- TRUMBLE, Bruce and Carlton were the only three bowlers required ; the former taking five wickets for 27 ; Bruce, two for 17 ; aud Carltou, three for 2S, amongst them being the redoubtable George Gifl'en. THANKS mainly to Percy Lewis (bowled Giffen, fcfl). Harry Trott (caught Parkiu, bowled Jones, 2'.)), awl II. Stuekey (caught F. Jarvis, bowled Giffen, 11), the Victorian total reached 107 more than llic visitors'; the wicket having material'}' improved after being rolled out. l'erej 'e contribution was simply in accord with the high-class form ho has been displaying right through the season, despite the attempts that have been made to disparage it on the ground that it was quite a revelation. I grant that to some people, who only take a rnero superficial glance at cricket and attempt to criticise on that, it may have couie as some sort of a revelation. To me, personally, as to hundreds of others, the development was nothing out of the common. That it was a marvellously good performance on such a treacherous aud semi-sodden and against sucli tnmdlers as George Giffen and E. Jones— irocs without saying; hut it only tends to prove the soundness of the contention of those of us who have maintained that. Percy Lewis is essentially the style of player who should be amongst the first chosen to represent Australia on the cricket grounds of Old llnglaud. In days gone by, along with Mr. E. S. Chapman, 1 stoutly maintained thaf H. H. Massie was bound to reflect credit on the land of his nativity whun pitted ngainst tho cieim of Unglish howling on Knglish cricket, fields, and the result proved wo were perfectly iustified in the deductions we had formed. Two 0 three seasons hack ve arrived at the same conclusion with regard to Percy Lewis (with only one saving clause, that wasn't necessary in H. H. Mussie's case.); and, us Percv's guardian angel has bestowed on him the good sense to avoid any necessity for a. saving clause, nowadays—why. it's Kig Ooliins-street to a Banana with a bit oi' luck 1 shall have the extreme pleasure of verifying my e^pres^ed wish of last week—namely, "that I may live to s^e the diiv (an-i in the immediate future, too) when Percy Lewis' merits as a cricketer will meet- the acknowledgment they so richly desprve." JOKER, "the South Australian Catapult," does rock thcni in. aud no mistake about it. Why, old " Jarvie" himself doesn't care about standing up within four or five yards of the wicket, and even then they are just about as warm as they make 'em. He only clean bowled one man, though— that was Hughey Trumble. He and George Giffen took five wickets apiece, hut the "greased lightning" cove had all the best of the figures, as he slow his slain at a cost of 00 runs only, whilst " Garge's" five scalps cost him 00. "THKKK was :i sound of rnvelry by night"— Thursday night; the scene of operations being the. Union Cluh Hotel (the head-quarters of the V.C.A.), :ind the ihnmutis jtmnnir the New South Wales cricketers, and their hosts the Victorian Cricketers' Association. The Tipple was the O.K. 'Piling, too —vuii bet! "The Glorious Vintage of Cluinipaguo!" None of your Gooseberry Wine touches. In faith they were a goodly crowd, and tile vast majority of them l?ea] Good Sorts. There were a few "scurvy knaves " amongst them, howover, follows who had come there with the Bump of Sclf-lislei/m sticking out a foot behind their elephantine ears, and, of course, after a couple of glasses ot " the Boy " they began to bray like asses and engage in riotous games of euchre, to the sore discomfiture of those individuals capable of appreciating a good song sung by a D. Ihuldon, a J. Lording, a Sam Jones, an li. B. Manning, or an Armstrong. The " riffraff " did certainly maintain 60me little decorum whilst Mr. Ernest Hosking was giving his musical melange and veiitriloquial entertainment; doubtless in much trepidation lest that gentleman should put them in the pillory for their boorishness. The first time 1 heard Mr. Hoskmg was some three years ago, one night out at. Glenferrie, when ho was just starting out on a professional career. He showed signs of phenomenal talent as a drawingrooui entertainer then; but during the interregnum has improved out of all knowlodge. His hits as Ally Sloper were something immense ; D;ivc Scott's Boots, Dr. Barrett's Marriage, Ihirry iloses' Leg, Frank Walters' Bladder, Alec Bannerman's Moustache, George Uowen'R Pimple, :md Phi) Sheridan's Generalship all coming under roview in a manner that kept the various lables in a roar. You talk about "Laugh and (irow Fat!" As I hoped to be shaved, 1 could see Harry Budd (the solicitor) and Hogau (iniue host of the Gippsland Club Hotel) " swelling wisibly before my werry eyes." SlAKiiihi) life evidently agrees with Dr. J. E Barrett -as it should do seeing that he wed Jliss Annie Jessie Johnson, only surviving daughter of the late Archibald Johnson (of Tahara Estate) and df Mrs. Nicholas (of" ToorakHouse,Toorak ") —a veritable "lass «"i' a tocher," as they express it in " Caledonia stern and wild." Ah! It muse be a very pleasant sensation to have a barouche aud pair waiting to drive you home afleryou have had an afternoon's cricket—the pleasure being all the greater when (to use the quaint expression of a very dear old boat-building friend of mine), " Onu never dreamt as how lie was a going to experience it." JACK ULACKHAM, James ttedfearn and Yours Truly were having a friendly "foregather" together in the Melbourne Pavilion last Saturday afternoon, when Jack entertained us with the following yarn, which is about as good a one as I have heard for many a long day. " You know," said he, "young Fred, my brother, who plays with the Ormoiid, lives at North Brighton, and nearly every Sunday morning we'meet at Brighton Pier and take a constitutional. Some weeks ago I got down there before him, and wiled away the time watching a gentleman fishing off the pier with a rod and line. Being a hit of a fisherman myself we soon got into conversation about the gentle art, until all at once Fred appeared on the scene, when I asked liim how he had got on the previous day. ' Oh, first, rate,' was his answer; • we made (so many) and got five of them out for (so much).' At this the fisherman looked np, and said—' Oh, you arc talking about cricket, are you ? Well, X was on tho Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday, and saw Billy Bruce make !)8 not out. Ah ! He is a splendid batsman that Billy Bruce.' To which I replied that he was not only a very fine batsman, but a jolly good all-round player. Then we got talking away about cricket until at last he looked straight at me and inquired—• Bythe-way, what has become of Old Jack Biackham now ? 1 haven't- heard of him at all.' I made answer—'Oh, he's all right.' 'Buthowis it he never plays ?' he continued. ' Oh, he has a bad finger— a whitlow, or something of that sort.' ' He is a funny fellow,' rejoined the Fisherman; 'and then (continued Jack) he kept, telling uie of all my little eccentricities—such as walking in to the wickets with my '.cft-liaud in my pocket and my head oil oue side, and all sorts of other things . that 1 never dreamt of, but all of which were perfectly true, and about which lie knew a jolly sight more than I did myself. At last 1 said to him— ' Do you happen to know Jack Biackham ?' ' Oh, no ; not personally,' was his reply, ' But 1 suppose you would know him if you happened to see him ?' 1 continued. ' Know him !' he replied. • Know old Jack Biackham ? Ha ! Ha ! Ha !' Well, that is a good one ! Know him P Why, I'd know Old Jack Biackham a uiile off!" " And so, doubtless, he would ill your cricketing togs, Johnny ?" said I, seeing that his tale was ended, " But did you not enlighten liiiu as to your identity before you left him?" " I did nol," he made answer; "the joke was too rich to be spoilt." THE fifth round of pennant matches will commence on Saturday, the. following being the present positions of the contesting clubs:-- A DIVISION. - i i <; & Clubs. £ •j. 1 = I i = 5 1 r ® Melbourne w w w w NovthMelbourue W L 1 South Melbourne ... W L East Melbourne w L L W Fit7.ro v ... L W St. Kiida 'ii W 2'UOO I< 1-000 h 1-000 ... | l'OOO L : 0 500 L : 0-500 B DIVISION. c o c £ ! Clubs. E fe | ; £ ' £ : H University ... W W : L ... ' Carlton W ... i .... W Rich m ond L W i L ... Bssendon W i L W Williamstown... W • W . L Port Melbourne L ... ... • L W ... II•.•*)( 10 L • W iJ-ouo W i ... ll-OOII ... ! 1/ il-OOO ... ! L ii-ooo L ; I. i — " CIVIS," in the Oluiin U r il>irss, is just about as trenchant a wielder of the pen as could be. found throughout Australasia, and in a recent number he delivers his soul with regard to a very dangerous innovation that is slowly but surely making headway in the coastal trade as follows :— "All racing is demoralising, but racing with steamers is worse—-it's dangerous, and the public conscience thereanent is as sensitive as any synod could desire. It is therefore very satisfactory to be assured by Mr. James Mills that the Union Company's boats are never permitted to race. They may occasionally ' compete,' but between competing and racing there is all the difference between a virtue and a vice. I'll us. the Mut-amn has been competing with the 1 r<immoo ; but why ? Solely in the interests of truth. The owners of the iri/rrimw think her a 17-knot boat, aud advertise accordingly. Mr. Mills doubts it, and yearns io set his doubts at rest. By a happy accident the modest Slamroa, which only aspires to fifteen knots and a-half, starts from Dunedin for Lyttelrou at the same tiuio as the M'arrimao. Whereupon it occurs to Mr. Mills, as a seeker after truth, that if the Ifaranta wero to reach Lyttelton first, it would show, not that the H'orrimoo was beaten—oh. dear no ! this would be racing (a thing the regulations do not permit), but that her owners were mistake n as to her speed ; and curious to tell, the Maruron does get to Lyttelton first. According to a Mr. Fox, who writes angry letters to the papers, the elucidation of the truth required three extra firemen and much shaving of points and headlands. But then Mr. Fox seems prejudiced, and, indeed, openly decliires that the jfitmro-t raced for dear lite, whilst the H'lirrimnn studiously re'rained from racing at all. Mr Fox doesn't understand what, ' competing'moans, and he had better refer to Mr. Mills ior explanation." 