.'our1 HdvltisT. . A STRANGE RETRIBUTION, ..'??..? (All Eights Reserved) ? CHAPTER XIII. ? : '*' WAS IT A MURDER ?' At an earlier hour on that same morning a very smart hansom drew up in fine style befere a hourse half way up the Strand, and out of it jumped no other, than Sir Guy Castleton. What had once been the shop win dow WaS filled iV-n -Fnvmi-nni + ? J* avy windows, guarded by ground glass and wiref game blind, while a small brass plate on the right hand door bore merely the words, in red letters, 'Mr. Belmont's office.' The left nand sdoor was a private entrance — not that any lodger or other office i shared the house, certainly not; it wouldnever have suited Mr. Belmont's business to have any spies, about the place save his own. He and his used the rest of the house as a . dwelling, and a very roomy, convenient dwelling it was, top. ....?? ' ^itforme,';Castleton said, and opening .-the -office . door, passed into ?tha well-appointedoffice within, where .,a clerk was seated' at a railed desk. This person arose' directly. ?Ms Mv. B'elnloTit in V' nsl-pri R™. -xay, witli-a glance, round .whicli.seem- ecl to expect to see that gentleman seatedr.before him in bodily presence. ;, ;MiM|y. .deprecating that look, the clerk replied — ' Ho is within, sir. This 'way, please.' . No indiscreet questions as to name orbuisness. The visitor was simply shown into a handsomely furnished I apartment on the same floor and then left. ' By Jove ! the fellow knows what he's about,' muttered Castleton, look o *? v »***.**. j. «t UHU.CA. iiuw iuuiiy recals of both sexes have set foot on this, fine carpet ?' Probably a-' good many. He was bending- over the elegant photograph album on the centre table when the door -softly opened, and a tall, quiet-looking man of perhaps forty-five entered. ' Mr. Belmont, I presume ?' said the visitor.:. 'lam, sir,' courteously pointing to an easy chair. ' And I am Sir Guy Castleton, and I am here on a buisness in which I fear you. will at once say it is ' impos sible for Tnrvptnl Tntm +n linlv. -mn ™. /)« tectthetnith;' The detective smiled as he too sat down, unlocking a desk at his side. ' I should hardly say that, Sir Guy, of any case withoiit careful considera tion.- What is your difficulty ?' ' Nineteen years ago,' said Castle ton, speaking like one who has set himself a painful task, ' I married. We had a son, and later a girl which we lost at three months old, for the nurse let it fall one day, and it was fatally injured.'' ' Foul play ?' said Balmont, look ing np sharply. ' Kb,-' was the decided answer ; ' an afifiiflpTif OTlfiT»al-tr . Tvii + T.« J_ ? ?»»*.». vixwAAuixy y KJU.V JLicHlY Castleton never rallied. One month later, one close, hot June night, she left the drawing room ? ' 'Pardon me, Sir Guy— was this in town ? ' ' No, I forgot to say ; it was at my place, Castleton Hall. I thought she had gone to lie down or take a turn in the flower garden, and I myself fell into a doze. The striking of eleven first roused me, and I started up, ex claiming, ' Jessie, it is late ! ' when I OQTir Or»rt ****** r« _. ,-._, J_l ? mi ? uwii ouo irtto iiuu tnere. xne next moment I heard a shot from a distant part of the park. I don't know why, but thought it might so likely be poachers, I was at once alarmed ; it seemed like a presentiment. I sum moned some of the men and went straight to search that copse.' He, paused. . .The detective, who. was taking »«nu »ui, lauio, iuitjsieu ms pen ana waited until his client resumed. 'In' the middle of this wood we found my poor wife, quite dead, shot to the very heart. Close beside her lay the fatal pistol, and later, after we-had carried her home, we found a letter ? addressed to me, a hurried scrawl dated that day, declaring her intention of takiner her own lif« Of course,' added Castleton, now speak ing a little quickly, ' there was an inquest and a verdict of temporary insanity and suicide. Now, Mr. Bel mont, do you think it was suicide, or was it murder ?' t Belmont looked up full at the ques tioner and said, quietly— ? 'I must ask a great many ques tions, Sir .Guy, before I can answer . «» ^at is vour own impress ion? ? 'The facts, Mr. Belmont, forced me to accept the act as her own, but my mind has never done so. She was the last, person I should ever have dreamed of committing such an act in any state of mind. Still, up to a week back I- had not, during all the nearly sixteen years, any definite thought of a deadlier crime.' '? What reason has suggested the idea of murder, then ? ' asked Bel mont, pen in hand. 'No TPnsnn nf nil -nn n^,, ?£„„.*. l ? j. '--v*-. ttv utlj UU UC)| .LtlUU UllL that at which you probably will laugh. -Three nights running I have dreamed a dream. I heard a voice with a soft, foreign accent, a singular voice, like far-off plaintiff music, say slowly, 'Whoso sheddeth blood by man shall his blood fee shed, and thy murdered wife's blood crieth to thee from the ground:' Each night it came precisely the same. I should «'w' 'uc »uiuc uguin 11 ic was pos sible to hear such a voice in real life. I cannot shake off 'that dream, and the conviction of its truth is so inde libly fixed. that I .am. .here now. I have not breathed a word save to my wife, but cost what it may I will have the matter, sifted to the bottom, laugh at the dream as you may.' ' I laugh at nothing ! ' answered Belmont, gravely. '? I have seen too many singular and humanly inex plicable things in my experience. Tour story but adds another, the more so, that I do know a girl gifted with such a voice as you describe— a a -BTencn ponce agent. ' ^ ' Strange ! Wonderful ! ' was all Sir Guy's white lips involuntarily uttered. ' Call this girl, Mr. Bel mont.' . ' ' She-is out at present, sir. This, then, is your whole case, as' far as you can-see it ? ' ? I '' Yes ! All anyone can make out of it. Here are the pistol and letter,' laying down a small packet.: . . ''?Thanks.. Now, Sir | Guy, have you no ghost of an idea,' of any thing, or - circumstanee, ' however slight, which' can jjpmt suspicion in any one direction?' ' - . ' ? .' -'Not one!' ' Had she any enemy ?' ? ' No ! So beautiful, so young, so gay and light-hearted. No, ' she had no enemy.' But Belmont's lip curved slightly under his moustache. He was scep tical. ' Pardon me if some of -mv nn na tions seem cruel; or invidious, or are painful. What was Lady Castleton's maiden name ?' 'Archer!' ' ' And what did you know of Miss Archer before you married her ? ' Castleton's haughty brow flnshed, and Belmont added, quickly — ' ' I must get at some facts, Sir Guy, if I am to set agents at work at all. vv no was jaiss Arcner r ' She was well born, but poor. She and her grandmother lived in a remote village in Devonshire.' ' The name, please ? ' 'Combe Penda!.' ' And how long did you know her?' ' Two months ! I was making a Avalking tour through the west coun ty. I came upon Combe Penda, and met her in May. In July we were married. Mrs. Archer diedt six weeks later.' ' Had Miss Archer anyother lover, ? ? 1 T 1 'I Ct »» ' or ever naci naa r '.Never! Mrs. Archer told me in her grandaughter's presence.' Mr. Belmont put against this evi dence a note, that Jessie Archer's antecedents were to be closely inquir ed into. He saw that the husband's evidence here was, or might be, coloured. Nor did he quite believe that a very lovely, gay-hearted girl conld reach eighteen without any ' Now, pardon me again, was she a flirt?'-' ? 'No!' The detective took up another point. ' Why -was the late Lady Castle ton the very last person you thought likely to. destroy her own life ? Don't you think her mind was unsettled by her baby's death ? ' 'No! She was in a terribly de pressed state, but no more. She was naturally a creature of sunshine ; she dreaded death— she clung to life. Shfi TlPVPr. in Tnv lrnntiriorln'n nf li/v.. touched any weapon, especially fire arms ; she had a thorough woman's fear of them. It seems to me, the more I think of it, absolutely impos sible that she should have bought, loaded, and discharged a pistol at all.' * Lhe pistol, then, was not yours ?' 'No, oh no! Now, what do you think, Mr. Belmont ?' ' I think,' said the detective, slow ly, 'that it was a murder, but — '. ' But.you do not, I hope, refuse to take it up ?' said Sir Guy, steadily. 'Not if you wish it taken up, Sir Guy, but I must tell you fairly that I cannot hold out the least hope on all you have told me. I will endeavor to secure the services of one more clever, I believe, thanany I have ever yet known, but still the case is one of such profound mystery that, I must repeat, there is. little. hope.' ' Do your best, spare nothing, and if you fail, I shall not. blame von or your agents, only try! ' repeated Castleton. 'Ha! What— who is that?' He added, suddenly. Only a light, step passing the door —only. Mary Cadelle's ' musical tones speaking. ' Is Monsieur Saxe at home ? Non Ah, he promised me a ride when I returned. Belmont answered^ quietly: — ' It is the French agent I mention ed.' '.' Great heaven ! . it is the voice of my' dream ! ' said Guy Castleton. [To be continuedi] 