A DOUBLE CRIME. HE wholesale produce and commission store of Mr. Purvis, on D)elaware avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on the night of October 17, 1805. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upwards of 9,000 dollars in greenbacks were abstracted. A package of bonds, to the amount of 3,000 dollars more, remained untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr. Harrison Purvis for about four years, and enjoyed the confidence of ihis employer. Pembiroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which he took hold of the business impressed Mr. Purvis so much in his favour that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon,and selected him as a com panion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men were in the store the right that the robbery occurred; but when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was missing and Yerkes*lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of his head, which, had been bleeding profusely, judging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate young man naa evidently endeavoured to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained as well as his clothes. By the disoider in the office and the numerous blood stains both on the floors and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and been surprised by his fellow clerk in the midst of his work,- who in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood, and the robber fled with his booty. Varnoe, a detective, and a physician were at once sent for, and while Dr. Edson attended to his patient, the detective examined the premises with his usual care fulness, particularly tie second floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Ycrkes had recovered, and sat in an arm chair with a bandage around his head. " Well, Mr. Varnoe, what have you dis covered ." said Mr. Purvis. "I.find that the robber has been to the second floor,"replied the detective, "possibly he has taken some valuables from there as well." The merchant hastened up-stairs, but presently returned, saying that nothing had been disturbed or removed as far as he could see. " Whatever his object may have been,-I am positive that he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had taken place." Then Yerkes gave the following account: He awoke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and fearing that some mis hap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffin candle by the small gas-jet in the room and began to search for him. Not finding him on the second floor he returned to the first floor, and discovered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at being discovered in his crimi nal act. Then began the struggle, the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon being the stronger of the twosoon overpowered his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after which hewalked out of the store with his eyes bent on the floor before him, until he reached the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked over to the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave countenance. "Mr. Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock." All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but fell back witll a groan and Sfainted away. \- hile' the d octo r was "applying restora tives to his charge, the detective drew Mr. Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remained there for half an hour in conversa tion with him. and judging by his frequent exclamations hi must have been astonished by what- the detective told him. Re-entering the office, they found Yerkes still unconscious, and at the suggestion of Varnoe he was taken to the hospital. " Now, Mr. Purvis," said Var-iaoe, "will. you point out to me thie clothes usually worn by Mr. Sharon while on duty at the store ?!" " Certainly, sir," replied the gentleman, "that is easily done," and he went to the closet where the clerks kept tileir outer garments. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. "What is" it?" said Varnoe, when Mr. Purvis laid the garments on the bed. "As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants as well," said Mr. Purvis. in bewilderment. "That is singular said the detective, exchanging glances with the physician. "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when you bear in mind that Mr. Yerkes, whlen found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind," pointing to a pair beneath the bed. " You will please see whether DMr. Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets." Every pocket was examined. There was found a valuable watch and chain, a trifle over five dollars in a wallet, a penknife, pencil, memorandum, etc., etc. "Retain those articles, Mr. Purvis, and hang the garments up," said'the detective. "I have another surprise here." Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leaving the mattress bare. A number of bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in lengtll. "I see what you are driving ab," cried Purvis, as he scanned the seam. " You mean that the thief has hidden his plunder in the mattress." "I think so, at all events," was the reply, as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his hand, he drew forth the packageof greenbacks. They were intact, Mr. Purvia said, after examining the seals. "I' don't know what to think," said the gentleman, hopelessly. "I declare my head aches trying to divine the motive for this mosat extraordinary crime." "Think as I do." i "Whatis that"Y' " Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, is the thief's victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer garments behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him into the river." "Then you really expect Yerkes is the thief?" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. "Iam sure he is not only the thief, but a probably murderer also." "Oh, the wretch 1" cried the merchant, passionately, "and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavouring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit on the right man," con tinued Mr. Purvis. '"If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." "Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his back arenot his own," spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore ane old seaman's suit, and looked as though he hIad just recovered from a severe fit of sick nese Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the merchant. He approached the man and asked eagerly: "Who are you ?" "My name is Pembroke Sharon." 'In a moment he was surrounded by the Irio, who congratulated hinm' on his escape from death. He reauested aermission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference--the posi tions were changed. It was Sharon who surprised the other in front of the open safe in the actof stowing in his pockets the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who denounced the act, and Yerkes, "both angry and frightened to be thus detected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more until be awoke en'board avesselsear the navy yard. He was told that they picked him up in the river. ;- tain 454 bis two mAn ha ra to Sshe theatrie, and nwere retrning i a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him on board the vessel, where his wants were at once attended to. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark when familiar footsteps were heard ascending the stair. " By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes !" whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and closed the door. He was none too soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him something was amisse-eome thing to his disadvantage, too. "You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked he, for want of some thing else to say. " We are indeed I" replied Mr. .Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. "You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me,"next remarked the robber and would-be assassin. " On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective, with an ambigu ous smile. Glancing at the detective with a sceptical air, Yerkes walked to the closet and opened the door, and the next moment lie uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the colour of ashes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed on the guilty wretch. . The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raging maniac from that monicent, and became sc violent' that the detective was obliged to manacle him hand and foot. and aga:in tkoe him to the hospital, from whence lie was shortly afterward conveyed to the insane department &f; the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously recom. penned by his employerfor his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with ciedit both to himself and his grateful employer. Yerkes lived about ayear after his confine. ment, and died a raving maniac; a terrible retribution for hisattempt to fasten the crime on an innocent person. 