The Advertiser SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1893. AN OPTIMISTIC PREMIER. Mr. Patterson has been addressing his constituents at Castlemaine, and trying at the same time to cheer the hearts of the entire people of Victoria. In the conunencenient of his speech he in timated that his ideal was embodied in what Daniel Webster said of Hamilton— "He smote the rock of national re. sources, and abundant streams of revenue gushed forth ; he touched the corpse of public credit, and it sprang upon its feet." His closing sentence was that "with political quiet and industrial activity the time would come when none would envy the rich and all would help the poor." This is tolerably tall talk, both as to the past and the future. The body of the address corresponded with its intro duction and conclusion, the same sanguine tone being preserved through out. So doubt the immediate sur roundings were calculated to foster enthusiasm. Castlemaine is proud of its representative, the banquet was a bril liant success, the audience comprised many notables including the Canadian ambassador and was highly responsive; above all the Ministerial bark after a placid voyage is snugly moored in the haven of recess. 411 these things con tributed to a hopeful and jubilant frame of mind. Anyhow Mr. Patterson reso lutely refused to look at any other than the bright "side of things. IS he referred at all to the troubles of the past it was only that he might show how energetically they had been dealt with, and whatever perplexities the future may have in store he declined to bother himself about them in any way. It must be confessed that there is a good deal of shrewdness in taking this line. Mr. Patterson know£ that he had a fairly good time in the recent session of Parliament, and freely acknowledges that he had no difficulty with the Opposi tion, but now that legislators have done their part he wants to inspire satisfac tion with the result and confidence in the administration of aflairs by bis Govern ment. If he could he would persuade all dwellers in Victoria that they have the finest country, the richest resources, and the best Government of any community on the planet; and that all they have to do is to go ahead and enjoy themselves. A good stiff dose of self-confidence will do the average Victorian no harm. A few years ago he drank of it to intoxica tion, and has suffered accordingly. He went all to pieces, in fact, as the result of the debauch, and a hair of the dog that bit him may serve as a kind of pick-me-up. This is what Mr. Patterson wants to administer, and there are not many men who could mix the drink more adroitly. The -way he leaves out unpleasant ingredients and propor tions the flavor of things that are agreeable is more than artistic ; it has a touch of genius. Very few men have an equal capacity for relegating to oblivion the ghosts of slaughtered innocents and the ashes of schemes that have miscarried. The panic with its causes and conse quences is treated as if it were only a troublesome dream. The unfulfilled ex pectations and abortive attempts to raise revenue are passed by in silence. Only in a passing remark is there any re- I cognition that questions which were . waived or postponed only because of the immediate pressure, and then with great reluctance, may again come to the front. Even then the particular phrase chosen is of doubtful propriety if, as appears to be the case, the "plausibilities of theorists" is meant to cover the ground. Mr. Patterson may succeed in making people more hopeful, but just as certainly as this feeling grows the demand will be renewed for giving effect by legislative enactments to the popular will on certain subjects. It may be prudent to refrain from outlining a policy that must perforce be shelved for some months to ccme. Times will change in the meanwhile, and there is no barm in hoping that the alteration will be for the better. At the same time it is not quite good enough to tacitly suggest that afiairs are to remain indefinitely in stain <pw. Making due allowance for the range to which Mr. Patterson limited himself and the principle on which he selected his facts, there is no doubt that, like hope, he told a flattering tale. TTig speech was a carefully culled bouquet from which inferior blooms and weeds were rejected, and it was held up for admiration with a " What do you think of that V The fact that his rock-smiting had only been followed by a thin and trickling stream was veiled behind an allusion to the vast reservoir which awaited the magic touch. It was boldly claimed that the corpse of public credit had sprung into vitality and vigor. Much was made of what the Government had done to provide work for the unemployed. A sum of £37,495 had been disbursed with that object, with the effect of settling conic thousands in productive labor. No mention, how ever, was made of the far larger number that are still in circumstances of difficulty and distress. Where Mr. Patterson was strongest was in the group of statistics he presented with the object of showing the development of natural resources which is going on. Thereon Victoria is to be sincerely congratulated, and so much genuine growth is visible as to afford some compensation for the recent trying times. Stern necessity has turned attention to sources of nations! wealth which but for that extraordinary pres sure would probably have remained un noticed. It is much to say that Victoria does not need any longer to import its supplies of coaL The workable coalfields of themselves constitute an immensely valuable national asset. The yield of gold is on the increase, and the output for 1893 bids fair to be the largest for years. Agriculture is expanding at the rate of nearly 100,000 additional acres under cultivation per annum, and the annual export of wool has risen both in volume and value. Of minor industries dairying shows the most rapid progress by far, and is in fact advancing by leaps and bounds. Four years ago the quantity of butter sent away was under one million pounds, last year it exceeded eight and this year will probably go over thirteen millions, returning in cash something like £672,000. The Government is sending out experts to find openings for vine and fruit. The experience of New Zealand in some respects is being reproduced in Victoria. In both cases financial pressure has turned attention to the products of the. soil -vith very positive results. It may be hoped that the parallel will be continued, and that Victoria will emerge from the cloud as radiant and triumphant as the island colony has done. This is what Mr. Patterson predicts. To him the future is as rosy as the dawn, and he seems to think that by emphasising a prophecy he can do a great deal towards j securing its fulfilment. 