EYRE'S AtiMhl. Bl HELEN M**fti86S. PART II. CB AFTER Vll.-amUnutd. ' To be sore, old Bnnhy's foctB is mostly his,' Raid a villager, scratching his head ; ' and 'twas be as said master was dead once afore — m'ap[«n 'twill be best to stick to our wark in cane lift comes Home pro m:.-k-8, and catches as a-napping ' — am) the sneaker shonMereJ bis spade and di-parled on the spot to pnt his own suggestion inlo pniclice. Uradnallv the little crowd dinpersai, but only to gather ognin as a stringer came quickly through, tall, bronzed, and brnrdod, looking neither in the right Dor left as he, too, climbed the approach to tl.e Red Hall. ' ll ip true, then,' Hair) one of the women, looking aflrr him ; ' and he lias come In brrak it to her — maybe some Iriend of her mother's family. He is a hit like (he old Lord LdTel, lliongh, to lie snrp, lin died afore lie wan forty.' 'M'appen 'tis the jonng Lord Lovel 'od comtott her l/esl,' said mother. ' There in no cure for tears like a awrpthrnrt's arm rorind vonr waial ; bnt lie will be here by sundown, no doubt.' The stranger passed Sannders on the way, «n tint a wntnan opened the door to him, and to his inquiry for her mistress, mnrply said she was 'oiil.' To bis inqniry whether uuy bad news had been received at the On) Bull that morning, the girl said 'Yes;' but added that the yonng ' mii*irpB8 did not know of it, as she had already gone out when Colonel Busby called. ' Prating fool,' mnllered the visitor bfllon his breath, as he turned and went throngh tbe gronuda straight to the nuadun, beyond which mtu the coirslip gate he bat told Madcap he most never cross. But he vent through it now without a thought, and iwulied swiftly on; that curious local memory which we form under moments of strong excitement guiding him an he went forward, so liiat lie scarcely missed a yard of the way he had gone with Mailcap a fortnight ago, and Bonn had reached s point where he saw hiT in iliro perepectii', Hilling in her green chair, with uue elbow on its arm end one hand snppoitiug her clieik. , He could not at that diKlaiicc see if she looked glml or sorry, lint the nttitude seemed to speak of dejection, and a closed book lay on her knee; and 88 be drew nearer he saw that file was [.ale, the corners of her month drooling sorrowfully, as if her thonghts were Milder than her iDiie.linesa. He slopped short, suddenly strnrk t-y the thon^ht uf lion U.uely she mnht have been during the past wwks ; but h r lather bad been right — she was Etronu enough to be left to herself; and sh Donne liad been liie mother's child throngli Hint ilirougli, m this girl had Mr. Eye's !:l-re of strength in her, And wonld rally Irom a blow Hint would hate slaiu her mother. She looked up nn he approached, nnd BUiled to iier feet, and then he raw how pale she mia before the joyous coloi.r rushed into hpr clwk', iliwt ont again, leaving them paler than before. ' I am nut in trouble,' she said, looking down at him as he stood in the little hollow Mow. ' Did yoo think I whs; or have von brought me Ud ne.ii's ?' He could not |.lay with the agony of question in her eyes. ' Yes,' he tuii), tlionnh in his heart ho tnew it whs good, Ihut fur Ihc ilpml ..ml the living his news was best. ? It is of your father .... he is il.'iul.' ' Duud !' die svid, etumlinp straight up, and gaging over Ill's head. 'Dead .... father dead. ... (I! it is impossible. He wonld have uiadu Minitt nigu belore he died!' 'His ship wan demrayrd' at sen,' said Major Methenu, gently. No one was saved, or so (he pa|ieis gtiy. ' Is that nil ?' she mM, looking at him. ' Why 1 thought come ono .had nei» bin body — bad burial him — my -taar, darling j dad. Bnl il he lias only i-wn lost at sea, | be is toft. Does not the «en olten uim np its demi J No, not ilK dniil,' slut mlHed, shivering; - I iiicmi tliostt who have lieen thought tojii'deail; an-l there are boaln, ami he con 111 hrAyiS ., ' The ship wob tinrnf tallf very water's edge,' «aid Miijor Melhpmi, sadly', for liter details hail c ? e with (lie imirninv |mpeni. ' tilie showed a slioel ol flame agaiust a black tkf, bat every eoul on board was dead when help reached her.' * ' How do yon know that my father wbb on board V she said, still with that pale strength of regard, that tearless look. ' He may not hate gone with the «hlp all the way. Was it homeward or outward bound when — when this happened ?' ?-Homeward. Yonr father booked his passage ont and back in ii, aud in (he conrse of another twelve day* should have been here.' \- That is true,' she said, trembling. ' I have been counting the days ? Bnl it ieuot troe,' elio cried, with tbe G.st ring ol pasBion in her voice that he had yet heard. ' He loved me so, and I him. ... On which day did il happen ?' she said, tnring to him quickly, ' for I -roust nave uioum it — got some mnf ? ' It was i'n Monday at anndown,' he said, ' immediately before a violent storm at sea,' 1 And on Monday I was happy,' she said ; ' happier than I have been since he west away. I was thinking of yon all day, and I fell asleep here at sundown and dreamed that I had joined ynnr hands together across tbe cowslip gate.' The man before her groaned and turned away . . . . ba I not her maiden dreams fulfilled IheniBolres, and might he not go throngh the cowslip gale now as often as he listed, while to her was not the dead for ever shrined in her henrt, the human idol tbat in life mast have fallen shattered at her feet ? ' ? He lives' she cried, and a triumphant joy of her voice startled him as he turned to look at her, the colour in her cheek, the light in her eye, the look of faith us strongly stam|-ed on her features as it had been on Job's in those days before he found his 'salvation'; 'bat do yon no) with him to live ?' she said snddenly ; ' dn yon — God furtive you — wish him dead ? He looked at ' her without a word, his face growing stem as he looked. Did he wish his enemy oVad, did he he we happi ness for himself and her beyond Ur. Eyre's death, the gateof Paradise opening tu him who had so long stood starved and lonely without ' Jn his heart he knew he had been saying, ' Please G'xl, it is true,' ever since he beard the pews ; lint now — now — ' Is he Uie first and the kesl in the world to von, Madcap V , ' I'he first and the best,' she said, with the falter that had come into her voice ; ' lie will always be the first and the bvst in the whole world lo me.' * Tlu'fi iiWka CinA ttu livoa ' Ytt* eutii alowly, as ho turned away, lookinn ml with blind eyes at the snnny glades, the cool shadown beyond. ' He can sn:m mi/en,' saiii (he girl, a little rettle?sly ; ' nnd there are desert island*-, are there not, at sea ?' Mnjor Melhnen shuddered — perhaps at the thought of s mill being no vast away — perhaps thinking a lust mml ?« hell could not suffer such torture as must he Mr. Eyre's portion, living solitary with such a set-ret as he held locked in his breast for sole company by night and day ? Something in his averted look, liis ntiitmle, perhaps the fear against which she liad so s ubbnmly fought, snddenly pierced her, and she stepped noiaulesuly to her old seal, her face (o tbu tree, all her high cunrago gone at « breath. So he saw Iier when he turned, and thought her unconscious, as ho had skii her mother mice, in a rhorl, sharp season ol' hitler misery ; and his voice was hanth with pain an he kneeled beside Iwr, crying ont, nuder his bremli, ' 0 ! niy little one — my dear, uiy dear !' . . . fcShe heard him, and turned. 1 Why do yon pity me?1 she said. ' l-o not do that till we are sure that he. is dead. . . . Then yon may pity me, as you might have pitied my mother if she hail last him.' & ponerlesimt*B overcame the man who heard her. Here was the stanch devoiinn of the older Madcap over again, that Mr. Eyre hiiimelf alouis could break, or that higher Power who K«p- a niobo ii Heaven to hold 'iir iitiila . . . albeit lie brako them tu our faces and denied Tt.t our clous kiurt. thuiild impair tin ir « bite. ' How Ions 'ball I Iihvc to wait before there is n message from him ?' she auid, aiamliug up. ' If il will be more than a Tew day*, I cannot bear it. Bnt hi) will be ax quick a« he c«n.\ . . . Her eyes wandered urooiid, and »he seemed for a moment or two to listen t« the. frivolous iulermplionii that Imd at intervals crossed her misery during the past time, the hum ot inscclf, the bird cries, the low multitu dinous sounds that kiMI the forest life, j Then snddenly she stretched ont her Imndi, and trembled in every limli. ' If il is Irue,' she s.iid, ' father . . . father . . . And it ie through yonr care and lo»e I am li-ing now . . . always loving, always good. . . . O I Dad . . . Dad' . . . ''JVre, cry,' said Major Methuen, as the flon t»ars dropped throngh her fingers. ' Ory as hard an yon can, aiy poor, poor litlle soul.' } ' '_ No,1 she said, looking up, ' [ will not. (l it. like luakim.' tuie that he in dead . . . i'— if— bnt I will nr.i think of it. And there in Donnn 10 coin fort ... he will be sorry now that he di.l not lore liim more ... Bnt ii was Iciu.l ,,f y«n to come nnd tell me,1 she, added, looking at her com t.nninii as ir from » Kreiit way off. ' Only I 1 ilo not tliink yon ar« «nrry nlmnt father'; I uinl you miubt fnr»he him, mm thai von think he i« .lead.' ... For awhile he did not Mixm-r her ; tlien hi- suM, Blnnly, tin one out of whom the. woiiIk nr« wron-;. ' If my wishint! twill king him bank, he sluinld be hern; if the sai-j-ifiufi i.f mv life could nialx yonr liiii.|iinifn, Mmhnp, 1 wnnldgivn it — or y.mr mother's Rake, ami yiinm, anj cilice iwitliw uf vnn cnnlil 1 li-e witlmiit him, »ti.l he is ktaiyt t' he firat uml lipst in tuo sm h raithfiil iiw.ris.1 ' Yts,1 said the icirl, ' nlways the first— alwnys the be.sl. And »mv I a,,, going home — home !' She trembled hs che re- J pealed the wurJ, us if it could bu that j withont him ... it will be all dreary and empty till he comes back (she had stepped down into the hollow, and was walking swiftly), for if the boys come to day, they most not stay — it wonld torment me to see them watching and listening for every sound, and I wonld rather meet him all alone. ... No one on earth can love him ib well as I do.' They went nearly in silence the rest of the way, bnt when they reached the cow slip gate she stopped, and held ont her hand. ' Good-by,' she said ; ' grief has made me terj selSsb — bot 1 am gvatefnl to yon alt the same' ... and -went quickly through the gale into the light beyond, leaving him alone in the shadows, yet with the pulse of a passionate new hope and life stirring him to his inmost 6hre as he watched tbat Blender shape in white dis CHAPTEE VIII* Donne with wet towels round his head, was ' Bporting oak* on the day of Madcap's trouble, and wonld not have opened his door if every don in Oxford had thundered for admission, while (Jordon had been on the river since daybreak, returning only to eat and torn in to those blessed olumbers that. never (save when he thought over lung of Madcap) failed him. But next morning they beard the news, and started at once for Lovel, where they found Madcap in her nsnal white gown tuid a white flower in her belt, and white rosee yet on her cheekB, reading quietly in Mr. Eyre's study. ' He is not Head,' sbe said, as the/ both flew to her, and Donne kissed her month and Gordon her cheek, while the fonr strong young arms went round her as though she were a baby, instead of some thing infinitely stronger than either them ; ' ami you must not spoil yonr stndien,' she said lo Doune, as sbe kissed him ; ? so yon ami Gordon will go back to-morrow, and I will stay quietly here and wait for Dad.' In vain Gordon pleaded to he allowed to go to the Towere, and be within .call until some more certain information of Mr. Eyre was forthcoming; in vain Donne, whose stubborn heart was at last van quished, and who now knew how truly and sincerely his father bat) won him, refused to retnrn lo hit beloved books ; at the end of two days Madcap got her way, nnd sent them back for tbe remaining fortnight of the term. Purhaps her faith hod infected thr-m both, perhaps she had been kinder to Uordon ihnn she had ever been before; but the hearts of boih ynnng men were t^lilpr &n; thotf aljtrliui tlinn nimn ttiov came ; and, if pale, Maricnp showed no - signs of sadness as she stood on the station platfunn to «ee them go. 'And not a hii of black on her !' said the villagers, as she riroie back throngh Lovel, her favourite grey pony Tommy flying before the wind, aa was his wont, tlimi|;li lie hail the wnse of a Christian, and wmiM dmiif sedately down hill like a Conrt gentleman, and hail never dono hi* mistress any wine trick than to tear her gluves in«- ridlmns when *!«- tried to check hie pare on level or nfliiil gronnd. Bnl, fnfit as she flew, she had time to nee at the entranie lo Svnee-htnea man and woman sianilinjr, sn aliHorbnl in talk that one at least did noi see lur as she panned by. ^ She knew the man at n glnnee, thnngh his back was towards In r ; lint the woman, who looked np, was a slr'angrr — dark, hlne-eyed, raven- haired, olive-complexioned, though her lips were red — a face to haunt one by reason ol its beauty and the hiBlory that il carried. Madcap saw the whole scene in a flash, bnt she did not see how ilie woman started nnd went pale as death bb she pa-tfpd, as one who sees the ghost of one who long ni;o wan a friend to him. Madcap had nin'onsuioimly coloured as she went by, liut, though she palled np once or twioe before she reached the Bed Hal), asked the villagers no questions as to what strangers were sojnnrning in Lovel. She thought they looked at her oddly, mid with a t'nrtive excitement that she did not underhand ; hut glances counted lor little with her in this curious phase of her young life, in which she seemed to walk as in a twilight where none lived yet none were dead, nurl «h« might ding with human Ir.vv, yel remember with that reverence which ninki'n a martyr of the hnnihlmt dead. In these days she felt none of thai longing for human companionship nnd voices that had lately tormented her ; she wonld sit for honrs in her father's Bind?, or ulanil before her mother's portrait, and learn his character Irom her looks, and eienstiidiod the face of Lady Sura Villiers, the evil genins (us she htid once, sodden tally heard) of the family, bnt fonnd in the dark elowini; face iiot one lithe of the beanty of that living, flesh m.d blood fnce she hud seen beside. Major Mulhenn in the village. She never went lo tho cowslip gate now— never went lieyon-l sight of the hoUBe-dnor; for how, if her father should come back and find nope lo welcome him ? Day by day he. jsrew dearer in her eyes ..... he was so faithful, he had loved her mother so dearly; and this stranger to wliom her heart had so gone out, who hod loved her mother too, was lingering in the village becBO.se he had met with hii old HoH-tlieart, or perhaps had fonnd a mw out1.- .... She Inul told neither Donne nor Gordon of this stronger, fur why shonld slip — or, again, why not ? There w«« not a trnit of deieit in her; but bore a curious rrli celice asserted itself, and since no questions were aski-d she volnnlrered no replies. Bnt nni' tiny very early in July a tele gram nan brought so tier in an envelope, of the iishiiI wiloiir. ' It is troin father,' she said alond, and opened it with a Grin hand. - It was frotu Mr. tyre, date.l Paris, and bade her expect/ llini home on the evening of the fcllowiufe day. For awhile sbe sat quite still— did ever the ease or the rolling of tke stone from a human heart equal lbs past misery inflicted by its weight ? Then she said, ' Yon will prepare everything for yoar maBter, Sannders— for he will be here to morrow ;' then she ran out to be alone with her great joy. Her feet took her along the familiar path without her bidding; it was only when sbe reached tbe coiralip gate that she remembered how long it was since she had been (here ? bot she was now carried beyond herself, lifted into that kind of exaltation which follows on (he granting in fnll the one supreme prayer of a human sonl, and when she looked np and sbw Major Methnen on the other side, it seemed to her natural enough that be should be there. ' Do you know it already ?' she said, eagerly. ' Have yon already heard it in the tillage— that he will be home to morrow/' He neither spoke nor moved; he could not keep ont the darkness from hia eyes, the greyness that stole over his features, as he suid, ' Thank God— for yon.' She had come through the cowslip gate as be spoke, and it had closed behind her, for ever shutting him ont from his king dom, though she stood beside him, and some glimmering of the griff, the loss, the otter shipwreck to which his lite had come reached her soul, as she looked at him and stretched oat a gentle hand in token of friendship. He took it silently, looking down on it— half an honr ago how near it was, and now how far away ! ' Good-hy,' he said ; ' I have wished you more than one false good- by, Madcap, bnl th-s is a real one.' He kinged her hand and laid it down by her side ? wan there « tmroponit, or had it fallen from her own eyes as she looked np to find hemelf alone ? Long she stood and gazed at it, gazed liK the memory nf the man was woven in her heart lor ever, till in the long years in which she saw him not, the thuught of him was to her as A bower in wbich to sleep, Fall of Boft dreams aud health, and quiet breathing. PART III. CHAPTiK L The tulips were all iu full blow oettveen Grosvenor and HUmhnpe Gales — the haughty yellow, the impartial scarlet, tire pink, the white, the red-rose; here a bed of pale young beauties opening their maov« skirls to show pink satin slips within, Iliere a fair army of white and nise whose mingled hues showed more daintily than those concentrated mass ol colonr which seemed to dnzzle the eye as it gazed. ' Look 1' cried the girl who sat on tbe box -Best of a coach that a handsome yonug man was tooling past the tulips, 'that is the prettiest sight J have seen in London yel !' ' They get them up very well here, don't thev ?' Hitid the young man, not taking his eves off liitt horses, for, lliongh early in the Reason, the park was rather fnll, an bad no intention of ' spilling ' the pre cious personage who sat beside him, to say nothing ol tbe doennn and servants nhn sat behind. ' Yes,' said the girl, looking st him in dignantly, ? that is jnnt it — they are too well got up— they won't Ikiw to ihe wind or — or tremble to the rain, and they are noi worth any one of n-v wild flowers at home !' ?Thai's right,' said the young mar. heartily, but without looking at her. ' I like lo hear yoo say*' that. To be sure, there is no place like home ; and I shall he glad enough to settle iloon there when this confounded season is over.' Tbe girl did not answer ; hnr eves were fixed on the wind-swept, budding trees, fur there hail lieen a storm ov'-night, and the wind bad done more than 'the rain in freshing, clearing, and making sweet the air that almost smelled of conntry this morning, and partly made her understand how, eten in a city, spring muni be beau tiful. ' Who is the girl V i-aid one male gossip to another, nnd looked at the coach, no*, fur a moment or s», checked by a crowd of I'qnrstrians passing into the Son. ' Erre's daughter,' said the other ; 'the man who was supposed to murder his wife.' ? Didn't he ? And who is the man V ' Lord Lovel, of Lovel.' ' tihe is well turned out,' said the second gossip, looking at her from head to her) ; ' and he is good furm — very ; so is the coach; hnrs.s matched to a hair ; and the servuuis' looks and liveries admirably chosen. He has large estates ?' ' Yes ; ont of all proportion to bis in come. The late Lord Lovel was once engaged lo the girl's mother, ami lelt Eyre's daughter «1) hid personal estate— amounting lo about £10,OOU a year. And of course, the yonng pair ure engaged.' * Of course.' ' Bnl she will soon loose that look, eh ? Evidently doesn't know a sonl. P.incy looking u tree to|is in tho Park I' ' ' Mho can afford to ; snch a laiw as that will make men climb to look at it. She liei'iln't look down.' ' Poetical, by Jove !' ' Yes ; I knew her mother. Ejre would nmke her go (hrnnKh s London se«stin, jii8l to ilhenst her with human natnre, I siiffiose, till she begged him luke her home. Even her children could not con sole lirr, and he never brought her agnin. Slip prWerral hcirls unil homes to society ?nH bouses. And ibo daughter is her li- ing image,' adili-d ihe man, as (he coach moved on; « mid tiyre liinieelf has aged very little in seventeen yea™.' 'Gone into' Parliament, hasn't he?' Makes tie Hoiim* liften wbpn he speaks ? He always Hid — not the HouBe — but iwople. And his son is more brilliant still ; likely to do «oine harm in his lime, or din in a umdlrmm-i' ' insanity in thi' family ?' ' No; but eccentricity to the last degree. The Villiers strain brought it in; bnt perhaps it is wearing oat.' 1 Snrely that is Metheun.' ? Yes, with his mother. First time I ever saw him here.' 'Awkward fellow tbat; forget* all bis old friends, and makes no new opes. Hates to be mistaken for the late Lord Lovel — a little touched, eb ?' ' Not a donbt of it. He seems (o know Gyre's daughter; he raised hiB hat to her as she passed.' 'Very likely. 'Lovel and Metbenn fought together in the Crime* ; joined at the last moment, and Lovel was kilted.' 'And who hsB Eyre got as sheep-dog ?' 1 Didn't yon see her ? Lady Ann Lovel — Ihe boy's great-aunt.' The other man grimaoed. 1 Not snch a bad choice. She can still climb a coach without looking ridiculous, and has tbe quietest tongue and the pro foundest experience in London. No tent of the golden apples being seized with snch an Hesperides to keep guard. So Eyre wishes the match?' ' He buried Mb heart in his wife's grave —a daughter's well enough, bnt she's not a wife.' ' He won't marry again ?' ' Not he — the Duchess ' of Marmiton couldn't— no one else will.' ' So that's why sbe still mourns the Duk« ?' ' To be sure. Eyre was a devil of a fellow among Ihe women at one time, and he made a fool of her among the rest — bnt he is invulnerable now.' ' Having lost his power of charming ?' said the other msn. ' Not be. Ask the Duchess.' ' Kbe means to introduce ihe girl ?' ' No doobt. Bnt where's the good ? She is her mother over again — she will ran away from all the finery, and marry that handsome yonng fellow in a village chnrch.' ' But her mother married an old one?' ' Yea.— worse lock for her.' ' The Honourable Nancy looks very fit to-day,' Baid the other gossip, exhausted by a subject that he had only sn long panned because Madcap'sfaue had charmed him. ' Yes — Lovel's first consin — he might do worse than marry her, if Eyre's daugh ter throws him over.' Meanwhile Madcap sat excited, with shining eyes, and longed to ask Gordon to torn his hones' hetds (hat she might get another glimpse of the man whom she had sol seen for two jeittf, ami who had long ago passed into her memory as a friend. And he had rememberer) her, though she mnst have altered Rnrely, and had saluted her — how lucky that Gordon did not see him, for how could she exonBe the sili-nceshe bail preserved about him all this time J What ccnld nhe say if the met him in society one day when she. was with her father, and he approached her? Bnt she felt that she did not care, she wa« so happy, so happy to see him once again, and her voice startled Gordon with itn joy bb at Victoria Gate she begged him go buck «nd draw np for a little while hecanse shewMieil to look at the 'people' us they went l»y. ' Bnt I tlionght ynn wanted to sw some tree,' said Gordon, considerably astonished at her change of mind ; nnd he turned to find her radiant aa in her willeBt days, and looking so bewitching that not even tho nnhecoming oltitode at which she sat could spoil or check (he ninnnur of admi ration that presently ran along the idlers who lmug abont the rails or moved to aud fro. Gut it wa« early yet, not j»l one o'clock, the Eyres having brought their country habits with them to town; bo that usually they rode before breakfast and drove before luncheon, and, as far as possible, lived in tlio midst uf nnugnsl ourronudings.. (To be continued.} An hoin'st horse like an honest man, is something to stand liy. Don't expect high-clas- cows to come down to ynar standard — firtm np to theirs. It in said that a horse is more sensitive to pain than a m»n, and as (o nervous ness, he is more sensitive than a hysterical woman. One of the standard rim-trine* of modern dairy practice is that disinfectants can never take I he place of simple, old.foshiuncj cleanliness. 