JOCoiu the Hger Kills and Eati (, Ih a paper road beforo the Bombaj Natural History Society recently, and puV lished in its journal, Mr. Inverarity, a not«i shikari, discussed the habitB of the, tigerj and especially tho mode in which it kilBj and eats its prey. Some think he seises b? che throat others by the nape of the nadj from above. . 7 Mr. inverarity nas examinsa booms dw slain animals with special reference to this point, nnd in every case but one the threat was seized from below. The exception Was .. an old ibo&r; who had been seized by thd back of the neok from above. One ot A lingle fllo of villagers who was once seised: by the nape of the neck by a man eater,' but saved by his companions, had no idea whon he recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neok takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopnrds always kill bj pressure on tho windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly tho tiger kills in the iamo way. It is only by accident, if at all,' that tigers in killing Bever an important vein or artery, nnd no blood to speak of flows from tho throat'wounds. Very large and powerful nnimnla like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first , instance nttackod from the rear, witha view 1 to disable them. ?Having killed, the tiger almost invariably one or probably botb. Sometimes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are ; Sometimes bo will remove thom to one side. making a neat parcel of them. A tiger and a tigress together will finish an ordinair sized animal nt ono meal, leaving only tbe hoad. In this caso it is probable that the ~ second begins at the fore quarter. Animals aro never eaten whero they nre killed, but nre always dragged a short'distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. ~ HaviDg gorged himself the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, bub if it is hot weathei , and there aro hills in the neighbourhood, he will go a long distance off before resting for — the day. He prefers to lie in a oool cave or in a breeze on the hill aide than in the oloie hot jungle. . He returns next night and finishes what is left, -but he never eats a socond time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the - ' prey 40 or 50 yards oil. Sportsmen coming on a balf-dovoiired animal and desiring to . ,' 'catch the tiger, tio the prey to a tree. The 'JTT: V ' tigor takes about two hours' steady eating to ' r finish the fore quarters of a bullook, Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigors aro cannibnls ; they will make their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in fivo or six days, and no deubt tbo tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt much for n few days ; but a tiger kills whenever he can. They have been known to kill on 14 aonBecutivo nights. ^tMr. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer littlo beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense of pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroko of tho fore paw ot the tiger is a fiction ; ha clutches with his olaws as one might with ths flngors, but does not strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances at night, and, as they liko easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do not like to move dnr- - - ing tbe hact of tho day, gs the hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw. They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one alimbed after a oertain Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. 1'andoo, thinking tbo ooastolear, got' down and ran toward home, bnt on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandoa died of the tiger eating him; there was no other causo of death. Nothing was left ; except some fingers, which probably be- - longed to tbe right or left band.' Native! havo a belief that the ghosts of the man- ' eater's victims ride in bis hoad and warn t him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims, ? . 