THE RED QOUM Br MBS. HUKOBRFOKD ('ShtijsSl [?] TiMf all kolnd our ttefedotw. 'Mffi banrif ia N» emiU—O of ttnnSMBi «™ ?? amMMw ate H wrSEpHB' ..- B«*wkMphn Sagar oaft o| ^p^ ^T1^; . ... Mra. Greatorex turned quietly to'liatna. 'a^5* a Not a word about that wretched idiot** ? she said in a low tone. ' And stay for a while- 1 ' the servants will be sure to talk, and I ahould ? like these people who,' with a contemptuous.' ' shrug, 'are inveterate gosBips to see thab ! nothing really has Happened. You know whafr ? Rickton is and how they will delight in mak- : ing one tragedy follow upon another. They will eay that unfortunate creature murdered you if you give them the slightest opening.' : 'JBut your niece^ ? ' protested Dillwyn, ' seeing Agatha's exhausted air. ' Would, I am sure, prefer anything to vulgar curiosity about her,1' put in Mrs. Greatorex haughtily. 'My aunt is right,' said Agatha quiekly. fearing a collision between the two — the young doctor s eyes indeed were burning fiercely. She moved forward at once to meet the coming guests, who were now mounting the steps of the balcony, acquiescing with quite a Spartan determination in her aunt's decision, though Dillwyn could see that her face was very white and that she was sadly shaken. She, however, greeted old Miss Firs-Robinson with calm courtesy and kissed Elfrida— Elfrida who looked back at her keenly for a moment — then pressed her into a seat bdeside her and pulled up a cushion behind her back. It occurred to Dillwyn that he rather liked Elfrida. He bade good'bye to Mrs. Greatorex, who seemed de ughted to say good-bye to him. And another good-bye to Agatha, holding her hand until he met her eyea — after which he went on his way rejoicing. e As 'he went another guest came. Lord Amberfa. Mrs. Greatorex received him with effusion and gave him a chair near herself. ' A frightful thing, dear Airs. Greatorex,' said Miss Fire-Robinson. She sank into a wioker seat upon the balcony with tremendous effect. Everyone thought the balcony was going down. Providentially is rebounded from the shook and was itself again. 'Afrightfulthingindeed,'eaidMr. Browne, who had subsided near Agatha and Elfrida. 'It has been a most merciful deliverance. I thought we were all going to the lower regions, didn't you f ' After all it wouldn't be far,' said Agatha, tnmking of the depth of the small balcony — one so near the ground. 'My_ dear girl, consider. Even the very doughtiest scientists have failed to find the number of descending acres thab divide our comparatively pleasant home from ? ' 'From what?' ' Well,' said Mr. Browne, 'really I hardly ike to name it in a select assembly like this. But I believe nasty people call it — hell 1' 'Oh, Dioky,' said Agatha. He was an old friend of hers. Ke was an old friend of a lot of people. One had only to know Dicky Browne for ten days to be quite a century old friend of his. At this moment Lord Ambert strolled towards them and up to Elfrida. ' I knew it would startle you, but you in sisted,' said Dicky Browne reproachfully. ''What nonsense,' said Elfrida. 'You know Auntie was talking of this sad affair about Mrs. Datkham.' 'Yes,' said the curate gravely. 'She is dying, I hear, poor eouL' 'Oh, no,' from all, which did not mean a contradiction. ' I am sorry to say it is true. I heard this morning there was no hope.' ' After all she is no great loss,' said Elfrida with a sort of determination in her tone. Was it a determination to disgust Tom Bkranfc? ?- To turn him from her — to let her conscience go free, so that she might go her own way and marry a man for position for whom she did nob care one iota. 'She is a loss,' said the curate defying her valiantly, openly, and to her face. His de. fiance might mean the destruction of all his life's happiness, yet he insisted, though he had set Ms heart on this small, wilful beauty, who gave him now and then a word or two and now &nd; then a smile. 'She will be a loss to thab poor son of hers, whom Heaven, in a wisdom unknown to us, has afflicted.' 'Oh, you know everything,' said Elfrida with a shrug of her dainty shouldsrs. She almost turned her back on him. Lord Ambert came forward and whispered a word or two in her ear. She laughed. The curate fell back. Dillwyn, laying a hand upon his arm, drew him away from the group into tbe shadow of some large tubs filled with shrubs. Miss Firs-RobinEon had been giving a loosa rein to her sympathetic tendencies. And to Mrs. Greatorex ! ' A shocking affair ! Poor dear creature ! Rather — er — behind- hand in some little ways — but such an end ! Of course Dr. Dillwyn has told you all the facts of the case, but the details — they are so interesting, but no doubt you've heard 'em.' Mrs. Greatorex, who would have siven worlds to say she had, was so carried away by her desire to learn the smallest muratise of tbe tragedy upon the spot (to-morrow it would be a mere rechauffe— to-day it would be a first dish) that she gave way and confessed than she knew little or nothing of the terrible affair that was now convulsing the neighborhood. Nothing at all. She made the handsome ad mission with quite an air, however ; aa air thab at once conveyed the impression that -she was ? - above go?sip and lived in a select atmosphere of her own, into which the little trifling affairs of her neighbors were not permitted to enter. She did it admirably, but she played rather above the head of her companion, who did nob understand her in the least. ' Law, my dear, how out of the world you are,' said that worthy, with a patronising smile th?t filled the soul of Mrs. Greatorex with wrath. ' Well, I ksep my eyes open and my ears too, and now Til tell you.' Mrs. Greatorex- made a movement, as if to crush her with a well-applied word or two, bub she checked herself. If she offended old Miss Firs-Robinson she would learn nothJDg aboub Mrs. Darkham's accident. If she endured her in silence all the gossip of the neighborhood would be hers in five minutes. - And five minutes was not long to endure anyone. Dr. Dillwyn had been vague and too much taken, ' up with Agatha (she would have to put an end to that presently) to tell her anything worth, hearing, and so she had heard nothing beyond the mere fact of the fall. 'Yes?' said she carefully. Tea had been broughb out by one of the email maids, who had now ceased from her trembling, and Mrs. Greatorex stood up to pour it out. 'She's dying,' said Lira. Firs- Robinson. 'Not a doubt of it! She's heavy, you know, and her head came with an awful thud on the ground. Concuseion, that's what it is. They say the boy — that unfortunate creature, you . know — was in a frightful state, but,' leaning forward and putting her hand genteelly to the corner of her mouth, ' they do say that the husband bore it wonderfully.' ' ? 'Scandalous gossip!' said Mrs. Greatorex, drawing back and letting the tea overflow ia the cup. 'Why?' asked Miss Firs-Robinson, who, if a gossip, was not at all events a hypoorite. 'I should think he'd be glad enough to get rid o£ her— decently, you know, decently.' ' Dear Miss Firs-Robinson, surely yon don't quite mean what you say.' 'Indeed I do, my dear. If people are tied together and don't like each other they had better be separated.' 'Good Heavens ! this i3 heresy.' said Mr. Browne. 'You'll get taken up, Miss Robin son, if you don't look out.' ' Not me,' said the old maid, with her loud, hearty laugh. 'No such luck. Nobody ever wanted me in all my born days, except 'Frida. And I stick to what I say. It's my opinion, that poor Mrs. Darkham didn't have altogether a good time with her husband.' ' Ah ! you are evidently prejudiced, ' said Mrs. Greatorex sweetly ; ''and prejudice* people, you know, have no opinions. ' ' I don't agree with you there.' 'It is true, nevertheless. They m3*ely adopt the thoughts of those who think as th&y; do and suite their opinions to their ldraa and dislikes. Unbiased judgement is Beyond 'Then I'm not prejudiced,' said aJ8 Miss Firs-Robinson with another laugh. 'Youp|. words prove it, because I beg you So undeg- 1 stand I have as sound an opinion a&any; one 1 1 know on ico3t matters. And I d$a't /suits. UJ to my likes or dislikes either, becasse I ness* could bear Mrs. Darkham ; yet X. ih/jik fcfewe is some good in her.u - ' / 'Who is Mrs* Darkham ?k asked /Mr. Browne. 'That bit? ted vwasfen with: the voice of a costermonger I met. Wire Iasfr year?1 'Yes. She slipped on an ot^nge peel yesttr day and is now hardly expected to recover.' ' After aU, there is sotaeftiring itt orange peel,' said Mr. Browne bhgu&htfal;'ry.. 'You think her de»fcbv'wUl baweloomed by some people?' asked/ Mies FiFs- Robiojon, pushing up her pince-nez into better portion for battle. She had always suspeoteti Mrs. Darkham's relations, with her husband, ohougb. ? evidently Mrs. Grcatorex had not, - But if Dicky is noiog |QDe on feer side ?- '^ , 'By herself ! Herself!' Baid.Mr. Browne Sbvecely. 'Just thick of the burden snenaj bad to carry about with her for all . these past 'There, you see J' cried Misa Firs- Robinson triumphantly to Mr. Greatorex. ' Dicky !^icb noticed it too.' ; It was delightful to her to know that 6ome body beside herself had seen that the poor woman now lying low had not been altogether kindly treated by her husband. \ t, ? 'I don'b know what he has noticed,' said i Mrs. Greatorex coldly. 'And I think, i Hiohard,' casting a chilly glance at Mr. : Browne, who took it and apparently was lost ; in wonder over it, 'it would be wiser if you ' abstained from open condemnation of thingsof ?which you know absolutely nothing ! ' I'm in it as usual,' said Mr. Browne, with \- an air of tender resignation. ' But why these '. cold glances? I've seen her, you know, and seeing is believing. Surely I muBt know some thing— eome little thing !' ' Of course,' said MisB FirB-Uobinson tn -umphantly- 'To see her was enough, poor ?. creature ! So dull — so sat upon ? 1' 'Did he do that?' asked Mr. Browne, with perhaps rather too lively an interest. ' Dared be to sit upon her ! Well, she'd tempt: one that way, you know.' 'I agree with you, Richard,' Baid Mrs. Greatorex, with a friendly inclination towards : hini ' Dicky does not mean that,' said Miss Firs-Robinson angrily. 'He knows, because ? Tve told him, that her husb»nd made her life a burden to her.' I: 'Oh ! bnt really, it washer flesh Ialluded to, you know, not her husband — not her husband, yon know,' said Mr. Browne, with a re proachful glance at the irate dames on his left and a sharp attack on the sponge cake on his right. The tea-table is fatally near him. 'He .... Eh? . . ? Well, it must be a burden to her, you know, and no doubt, poor creature, she'll be glad to lay it down !' He has now a considerable portion of the Eponge cake in his possession and is waxing quite Christian in bis air and smile. The smile indeed is seraphic. 'I believe you've bsen taking us in all the time,' said Miss Firs- Robinson atflasfe. She was broad-minded and could laugh at her own email defeats at times. Mrs. Greatorex could not, however, and had turned away and waB talking to Lord Ambert, who was giving her rather curt replies, as he wanted to make the running with the small heiress as strong as possible and grudged a moment taken from his stride. The small heiress, who was flirting assiduously with the unfortunate curate, was well aware of his impatience with Mrs. Greatorex and laughed in her dainty lace sleeves about it. - 'I am afraid auntie is nob orthodox,' said she, looking at Tom Blount, who was still hovering round her, out of two very unorthodox blue eyes. She was alluding to her aunt's late openly-expressed opinion that married people unsuited to each other were better apart. 'Are you, auntie?' ?-* Auntie drew near at this challenge % when would she not draw near when that pretty Toice summoned her? „ 'I don't know what I am,' said that stout lady, with a beneficent smile, t* But 'pan my word if it came to living with Dr. Darkham all my life I'd cry * No thank you !' 'J 'Oh! auntie, now you are giving yourself away indeed. You axe uncharitable, and Mr. Blount will put you down as incorrigible,' eaid her niece, retreating behind the fan ehe held, as if horrified. . Evidently she was ashamed of herself, thought her aunt. Blount, however, was filled with unhappy certainly that she was laughing. 'Don't mind her, Mr. Blount,' 6aid old Miss Robinson very kindly. ' I know yon won't do anything of the kind.' ' Ah, Lord Ambert— going ?' 'Yes — aw— just dropped in for a moment, you know. Good-bye,' to Elfrida, who smiled at him. 'See you at the Staekford's on Tues day?' ' I think not.' She_ still smiled at him, her lovely little face a picture. 'This sudden illnesa of Mrs. Darkham's— it casts a sort of gloom, you see.' 'Yes; it would be inhuman,' said the curate suddenly, ' to go to a tennis party or a party of any kind when that poor woman is lying at death's door.' 'A merely plebeian idea, I assure you, Miss Robinson,' said Ambert, taking Elfrida's hand and pressing it in a tender fashion. ' I trust you will not let yourself be influenced by it and that I shall see you on Tuesday.' He paused. 'I shall see you to-morrow at all events !' He pressed her hand again, bowed to Agatha —he had already made his adieus to Mrs. Greatorex-^gave a nod to Dicky Browne, who eeemed delighted with him in some strange way, and without so much as a glance at the curate, though certainly courtesy demanded as much as that, he went his way. Chapter XL '* Think, timelv think, on the last dreadful day. How j-oa will tremble there to stand exposed, The foremost in the rank of guilty ghosts That must te doomed tor murder !— think on murder ! It was quite true ; Mrs. Darkham was at the very portals of death. Whether those 1 great gates were to be opened for her or she could be dragged back from them was the question that troubled the physicians who , attended herl - '?. Perhaps it troubled her husband more than . them. He was sitting now in his library in the big chair, with his arms hanging listlessly over the arms of it and his head pushed some what forward. He was thinking; *. The doctors had come and gone and both were agreed. It was almost an impossibility, but not quite ; she might, if such and such a change occurred, live, If not, death lay before her— a death into which she would 'enter without revisiting, even in thought, this world again. Dr. Bland, an elderly man and one of great and deserved reputation, gave it .as his opinion that if death did not ensue in a very few hours hope might be entertained by ? her— friends. He had looked rather directly at Darkham — at the husband — as he paid this. Dillwyn had nodded an assent and had eaid a few words, too — to the effeo| that such grave caseB had been known to recover even after hope seemed at an end. He had kept his eyes carefully averted from the husband of the in* jured woman whilst Baying this. He had \- looked at him when first he entered the room, but he could not trust himself to look again. There was something terrible, in Darkham's face— something hungry, ravenous. An animal stalking its prey might have looked like that. . And now Darkham sat alone in his library thinking— thinking. They bad given it as their opinion that she would die— those two xrbA bad left — that she would die) Would leave him free. Free of her accursed company. ? A sort of fierce joy rose up and seized upon him. It caught and shook him. free 1 free ! 'After all these years. Free 3 She was dying, Surely, certainly. In a few hours her breath would cease and no more would. her odious, -vulgar words and accents make him shrink and shudder. She would be gone to the Great Unknown, and he ? ? And it would be none of hi&doing.; None 1 Here the great passionate joy that thrilled him seemed to culminate. He would be rid of her without a single effort of his own. Had he even dreamed of making an effort? i . - He would be quit of her in an hour or two— a day at latest. Surely the stars in their courses were fighting for him. What was it they had said, those two? that if ? if ? he pressed his hands, both of them, to his head — that if she lasted until morning ehe might recover! Fools 1 She would not recover. Death was on her face when laso he saw her. Pshaw ! he was a better judge than either of them. Eland — an old man — too old — and Dillwyn — a young idiot who followed his leader naturally ! But he— he knew ! — He 'who was in the prime of life and had studied death — and life— in aU their varied ways. Yes, he knew! -Siva, the Destroyer, lay hovering above the woman — whom the law called his wife — with outspread wings await ing the moment to descend and clutch his prey. Soon— soon— let it be ! Oh 1 to be delivered from her ! From this creature who made life a torture — who had dragged him with a chain all these intermin able years — the years of a marriage that had damned him. When he could have risen that chain had nailed him to the earth and clipped his soaring wings ; had withered every moment of his life. -Truly a young man starting in life should look well to the way he is going and should choose e wife meet for him. Marriage is not for an hour, bnt for all eternity sometimes ! This one however J It will not last bo long. This marriage will end soon, thank ? He broke off abruptly. Who was he thank ing? He rose suddenly and went to the door. He would go np3tairs and eee how things were going on. He shook a little as he put his foot upon the first step of the stairs and looked back as if he would willingly change his mind and return to the library. But he overcame himself and .went steadily upstairs. A terrible longing to make sure carried him up ward to the silent chamber, though he hardly confessed this to himself. He told himself that the nurses might wonder and talk if he did not show some attention to that hideous lay figure in the bed up there. ? So he went and entered the room and beckoned to the nurse in charge that she need notetay. She rose at his bidding and slipped through the farther door, glad enough to get away for an hour or so. Her employer was a doctor and the husband of the sick woman under her charge, and 60 she felt safe in leaving her. Besides which it was a hopeless case. The nurse had seen many such in the London hospitals, and though some as bad had pulled through still the percentage lay th$ other way? Darkham went up to where the silent figure lay and ruthlessly pulled back one of the curtains at the end of the old-fashioned bed etead. It was a four-poster of greaf eizffand ? ; toad been in the house when he had taken Ifc ' It had not been exchanged for another more ' modern, as Mis. Darkham, having been aocus tomed to tba| eor$ of cumbrous bedstead in he' lo^y youth, had clang to it ever since. She would have that room for her own, she said, and Darkham knew it was because of the bedstead. The light from the dying day streamed in through the window and lay on the dull yellow faoe that rested on the pillow. It lit it up and ehowed it in all its ugliness. Darkham bent over it — lower— lower still and looked — and looked again. Was there a change ?— icas there ? Already the face looked like that of a corpse. The lips were a little parted, as if the strength to close them was gone, and tha tipper teeth showed through them in a ghastly fashion. And yet it seemed to the husband bending over her that there was some slight return of strength, of consciousness, in the face beneath him. It was so slight as to be all but unseen by any, save one passionately interested either in her recovery or her death. If after aU ? He bent still lower and then raised himself with a frown and a quiok sigh. No, he had been mistaken. Death would be her portion this night. The two men who had just left had said it ; well, they were right. She would die to-night. He eat down in a distant armchair that) still gave him a full view of the bed and gazed with an uncompromising eteinness at the form thereon. How hideous she was, with the drop ping mouth, the yellow pallor, the dull buS of the hair, and the heavy ' fat cheeks. A very hatred of her sent a strong shudder through him. Heavens! hoW he hated her — alive as well as no w— ialf dead ! Half dead I He fell a-musing again. How deathlike she looked. How close to the last breath. Just a step one way or the other— this way to life, that way to the grave. A touch, a single movement, and she would be beyond the line that divides the darkness from the light. Great heavens 1 how, even in the helplessness of her, her face retains its old expression. The vulgar sneer etili dominates it, the drawn lips are still replete with venom. What a life he has had with her— a life ? nay a death. And now, when death takes her, life may still be open to him. Life enough — long enough — to grasp some sweet remnant of happiness out of the passing years. The night was descending, but out of the misty darkness of the room a girl's face stood =-oalm, cold, lovely. There from the end of the room it looked at him, the eyes shining clear as day and full of truth. They called to him, they beckoned him, they (tempted him. He turned uneasily and rose and began to pace the room, stealthily, silently, yet with a sort of cruel spring in every Step. It was as though he could hardly keep himBelf in — as if some vitality within him was at work and urged him forward — forward — always. for- Wrd. .- . r ? Why had the accident been so slow a thing ! Death, Instantaneous death— how much more ineroiful it would have been to hereto him. A heavier fall, by balf an inoh or so, and all would have been at an end } there would have been op more room left for doujrt|'a-fojf fear^ oilotpyi He did not mince matters td him self as he walked there to and fro like a caged lion. He was strong enough to toll him* seS the truth. ?. ' -. He stopped himself in his strange hurrying pp and down and once more approached the bed; He, bent over her and lifted her band that lay so miserably helpless within his1 and then let it fall again, It sank upon the cover let with a little dull thud, scarce audible, save to him whose ears were strained to hear, whose sensed were bo preteraaturally on the alert. Why had her head been so hard 6r else those flags so soft? A less thing had killed a score of fools before this. Something in her face again arrested him. Surely there was a change. He placed his ear close to her mouth and listened. When he up lifted himself presently his face had taken a greyish tinge. Her breath was certainly stronger and steadier. . He went back to the armchair and seated himself slowly in it He recalled to his mind what Dillwyn had said — that such a case as his wife's had been known to defy all the laws of nature and assert its mastery over death. Was she going to defy nature and death and — him ? ^.He rose, as though he found it impossible to be still, and laid his hand upon the mantel piece ; his grasp was so hard that his knuckles Btood out white against the black marble. That devil, Dillwyn, had said she might recover. No doubt his hope was father to his opinion. He would do him, Darkham, a bad turn wherever he could. There had been occasions lately in the neighborhood when this young fool thought — strove— to wrestle with him in professional matters. There was that affair of General Montgomery's the day before last, when Dillwyn had been called into the Cedars. The general was an important person in the Elaoe, and though scarcely en rapport with ?arkham had generally employed him up to this, and Darkham had ground a little from, his rival's success in that quarter. Now, in this extreme moment all that came back to him. He thought of Dillwyn, of Agatha's face as he had seen it at Miss Firs-Robinson's dance — looking into Dillwyn's — of the preference shown to the latter by General Montgomery and a few other unimportant people — but people who always mean the thin end of the wedge in such affairs, and his clasp upon the arms of the chair grew tighter. He was look ing at the faded carpet, but he did not see it. He saw only Dillwyn. What ! Was ho to supplant him these two-times ? Dillwyn had said she might recover. Might ! Should she \ If she did not — why, in that case he could write hjm down an ass. It would en able him to injure thai jSresumptuQuj^voung fool in bis profession. He could takScare to. spread the thing, to let people know what his opinion had been, and the result. . . Why, it might be the death of Dillwyn in his profes sion. . '. . Beathi He broke off and glanced again at the bed, this time hurriedly, shortly. He saw her there, motionless, torpid, her sullen breaths coming With strange trouble from her breast. When would they cease ? That was the one thought. When they oeased he would be free. Free ! A wild throb of exultation rose and almost burst his heaving chest. In that moment he felt mad. Mad with the sense of freedom, that strongest of all feelings. It dwelt with him, and throve, and grew, and filled his being, until at last a sharp laugh broke from bun that filled the silent room and rang and echoed as though all the demons in hell had given tongue to it. It was frightful. It sobered; even him. He stopped short and fell bask against the wall nearest to him, shaking still with hiB untimely mirth, but silent now, hie hands clutching a chair to steady himself, his eyes always On the^face that lay so deadly still amongst the pillows. Presently he crept towards her again— and again bent over her and listened. He bad not been mistaken then ! Yes, the breath was strongerr-he even imagined now that her hand Stirred a little. He stood up. A minute passed in which he hardly breathed. In that minute he knew what he was going to do. (To te continued.) 