CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Rev. J.W. Mouland preached at the Prospect Wesleyan Church on "Time's re-<*> demption" last Sunday morning to a large congregation. Miss Patchell presided at the organ, and Mr. KniH led an efficient choir that i rendered an anthem suitable Co the occasion. The preacher took his text from Ephesians V., 16, and said the figure of the text was caught from the marts of commerce, the incoming tides of commercial life casting up many a precious prize which was seized at the right moment and which " led on to fortune." But uncertainty and disappointment wait upon all earthly things and prospects. Certitude lies only in one direction —that wherein stands the Saviour with His promise "Come to me and I j will give you rest." Christ is never far off to him who humbly Becks Him. •• Nearer is He thanbreathing, nearer than bands and feet." j Mr.' Houland referred to the value of time, that little space between the wondrous past and the misty future allotted to man for the working out of life's great enterprises—the only ground on which we oould build character and erect a temple of worship to the " great, the holy, and the High." If many of those whom death claimed during the past year oould come from their graves and re- live their lives what a different verdict would the end of 1893 record from that of 1892 ! How many temptations would be overcome, how much error remedied! The foes that invaded the sacred domain of the soul—envy, greed, sel fishness, pride—would find less provsnder on which to satisfy their hunger. Many people valued time by the amount of enjoy ment, fashionable excitement, or money gathering that marked each year; but we should value it by tbe ideal Christian character that may be formed within ite sacred moments, each of <rhich was pregnant with possibilities of good and eviL God's presence and the Holy Ghost's operatio on the heart will transmute the common momenta into pearls and the daily duties into diamonds of price less worth. We thould redeem time by lifting each day above the level of its predecessor. Time's value can only be fully known by seeing what every moment produoas. The hearers were advised to buy np every oppor tunity to inform the mind and enlarge the heart, and to regard time and duty as insepar able. The secret of the Church's weakness was in shutting God out of its minor con ferences, The name of God was oftentx on the tongue than the spirit of Christ is in the heart and life. Tbe preacher closed with earnest entreaty to connect tbe present with the future in such a way as to redeem tbe time from frivolity and low desires. The quarterly meeting of the Kooringa and Hallett Bible Christian circuit was held on Wednesday, December 28, at the residence of Mr. Richard Collins, Mount Bryan. There was a large attendance. The income for the quarter was reported to be within £5 of the quarter's expenditure. The report of the year presented by the pastor showed that seventeen young persons from the Sabbath-schools had joined the church, and 25 members had been added. The local preachers had worked with diligence and good feeling. The debts on three trust estates had been reduced. Mr. John Wise was appointed representative to the dUtrict meeting. The full amount of the missionary estimate had been raised, as well as a contribution to the China mission, while it was also expected that by a little effort the circuit debt would be cleared off. 