? Zoo. Bijoo. Close. Picnic. Skating. Theatre. Childish. CycJorama. Dan Barry. Excursions. Ill manners. National Park. South, 4,019 oz. Central, 7.787 oz. Block 10, 7,387 oz. Junction, 4,441 oz. Block 14,19,090 oz. LaBt day of football. More silly than smart. Proprietary, 270,557 oz. Fashionable assemblies. Last day of September. Waxworks and Museum. Health lectures booming. Father Bickford recovering. Stock Exchange to be ehut up. Three Art Exhibitions all open. Mashonaland crisis holding out. Obit.—Mr. R. S. Kelly, aged Last night of Theatre Company. " Ransom" at the Bijou to-night. Hill River " coal" said to be slate. Who are the leaders of the people T Cyolorama—Don't forget Waterloo. A quarrel in " high places." Phew I Mayor's picnic at tbe National Pars; Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day, 29'45. Mr. W. H. Jude at Gawler to-morrow. J.P.'s invited to pay for their Gazette*. Hunt Club Races at Morphpttville to-day. No love lost between Baker and Kingston. Verdict of wilful murder against Glasson. Ae the days lengthen the beat strengthens. Weather holding up for tbe science nabobs. Not much loss to be deprived of the Oasettc. New escape door for the Town Hall. Time. Behold bow these lawyers love one another. Leaders of the people must not be selfseekers. Even Mr. Baker's clerk stumbled over the writing. Congratulations to the Rev. R. M. and Mrs. Hunter. Final distribution of food, meat, &c.;, thii afternoon. Mr. Lockley, the hero of our Waterloo nearly shot. Geology Brown and Civil Engineer Atkinson at variance. S.A. Brewing Company paying a dividend of 7 per cent. House of Lords weighed in the balance and found wanting. Who can tell when hell make the aolony look ridiculous 1 That Fire Brigade Station was opened September 30, 1892. Who says there's no span cash about! The Theatre belies it. Sir Charles Todd seems a bit out in his weather forecast. Kingston and Baker more like boys than sensible legislators. Why were Labour members absent from tbe Speaker's dinner ? "Continental at Homes and Travel Talks" are the next society attraction. The Lords have given Gladstone a splendid plank for the Liberal platform. Owen Glendower erected his standard as Prince of Wales September 30, 1400. Complaint that social soience has been relegated to a baok seat at the Congress. Sun rose at 5.41 a.m.; sets at 6.2 p.m. Moon set at S.4 a.m.; risBs at 1L14 p.m. Mr. H. Y. L. Brown declares that geology is a failure if coal is found at Hill River. J^ew pastor of Unitarian Church begins work to-morrow—weloome meeting to-night. If the House of Lords is compelled to give way to the popular will, what's the UBB oi it". 1 Not much pleasure in railway travelling when everybody is treated as though he were a rogue. Printer's devil swears it's a toss np whether Kingston does not excel Baker in writing that no one can read. The Empress Maud, with her attendant knights, landed on the coast of Suffolk. September 30, 1139. Revised inscription for Eight-hours banner: —"8 hours recreation. 8 hours rest, and 8 hours looking for work." Unless the House of Pesrs can bring itself to deal with a Home Rule Bill that Chamber must be mended or ended. This evening the farewell performance of the finest staff of comedians yet seen at the Theatre Royal will take place. Is the study of the diprotodon of greater interest than that of averting unemployed troubles? asks a social scientist. An eclipse of the sun occurred September 30, B.C. 610, as foretold by Thales. Chaldean Saros you know; 223 lunations. Innamincka sails at 4 this afternoon for Melbourne,"but will stop off Largs Bay till midnight for Theatre Company. Britain's nobility never bad better opportunities to serve their nation, if they only had the heart and brains for the task. If the G.O.M. sets himself to the task of abolishing or reforming the hereditary Housa he will make the movement popular. Last night, at the Theatre Royal, of the charming Mrs. Brough, who has been aptly termed "' the Australian Mrs. Bancroft." " A ridiculous diatribe, worthy ef the windiest of demagogues." The high-bred Standard on dear old Gladdy's Edinburgh speech. Were it not for the Shafteburys, Meaths, Aberdeens, and Carnarvons the House of Peers would probably have gone by the board ere now. The Normans who conquered England shaved the face and the back of the head, so that Harold's spies declared they were aa army of priests. Mrs. Brough'a Esther Eccles in "Caate" b?s been described as delightfully fresh and natural—a piece of acting unsurpassed in English comedy. The O'.SO p.m. train, Adelaide to Aldgate and intermediate stations, will run on Saturday, the 39th inet., and each subsequent Saturday until further notice. It is claimed that the hard rook at Hill River has slipped over the ooal measures. Is it likely that the earth will flop about in this way to suit anybody t Chrouologists fix the date of the birth of Euripides, the famous Greek dramatist, on September 30, u.c. 480, and that of Pompey the Great on September 30, e.c. 106. Football matches to-day—South Adelaide v. Norwood (Adelaide Oval), Geelong v. South Melbourne, Carlton T. Port Melbourne, Melbourne -v. Collingwood, St. Kilds. v. North Melbourne, Fitzroy v. I'ootscray. An enthusiastic Home Ruler thinks the following lines are peculiarly appropriate to Gladstone and tbe great Liberal party just new:— Why hesitate't Ye are fall-bearded men, With God-implanted will, and courage if Ve dare but show it. Never yet was will Bat found some way or means to work it out. In this supremest moment of all time, Stand trembling, cowering, wben with one bold stroke These groaning millions might be ever free ? And that one stroke so just, so greatly good, So level with the happiness of man. That all the angels will applaud the deed. To tell THE SCIENCE CONGRESS. The wise men have met W'j..h faces all set the past of our stoiy. They know to a T Through Mr. de Vis, How we dropped from a nebulous elon. Nov,-I'm going to slip From the 'todon the dip And give it the true name—the godown For simplicity's sake ' I'll endeavour to mako The dense things quite plain to the low-down 1.00k here. Mister Jack Kelt's a tooth on the rack Don t you see by the crack That tms tooth is ten thousand vears Dish"' There's a lad in our shop" ' Wh o wants but a sop To tell in a whop How tvras carried some twenty feet high, iue bnsk kangaroo, The red and the blue tt ere banged from the feet of the godown. Doubt not the fact— Twas family tact— Strong food they lacked. BO on they came dwarfed and fed so <io»n. Pre-histatic can! Comeback if toucan— T 1 • Sen , d the ghost of a van. To labour the brains of the sages. Knowledge we want-, Without humbug 01 cant, ... ,„ . ^or must it be scant, « e 11 have th- whole tale down the ages Intellect bright, As far as it might. Has lit up our night. But wuat of the land still unsounded? The pearl encased. If still unTeleased, And the mystery still unproooundeii. J. T.. 365 