THE tfflG.'S FAREWELL. BASE INGRATITUDE. ' THEY TAKE UP THEIR BEDS AND WALK. Many who at night lio down on warm hods, givo no thouuht of the homeless poor, whoso bed is tho cold damp ground, and whose canopy le she sky. Tlio nublio gardens and tho Tarra bsuks are hugo dor- mitoriss during fino weather. But lately tho heavy rains have soaked through the grass and ground, and tho noble army of vagrants have beon compelled to seek, new lodgings. Doorways of doctors' houses aro | favurito " doaies," and one or two medicos fiavo received rado shocks late at night by tripping over what looked iiko ghosts ol past patients. The vagrants coil tbomielvos on tho doormats, sleep oiT thn cfleots of their hard day's work of thiovlhtt and loafing, nnd nwako in the morning refreshed and frisky. A favorite matutinal move is to gather op thofr beds-— tho doctors' .doormats— and lo jontot that they aro not their property. Thoy aro taken to receiving dens, and sold at "rates that defy competi tion.'' Complaints have beon lodged, and tbo polico aro keeping a watchful eye on tho Iratornity. Last night two of thorn— MartiuBrody and John Lee— lolled against a lamp post in Spring street wafting tho tlmo to turn In onn medico's doorstep. A police man provided them with a bed In the lockup oil night, ond to day Mr Lee tried to , eonviuco Mr 1'anton, P.M., that lie was' not a vagrant. Ho said that tho police always take & view of things cxaotly contrary to his. Whoa ho walked by tho Yarra and cotamuuod with himself thoy said ho , coutomplstod suicide, and when ho wandered about tlio city casting his memory hack to tho time of Melbourne's, tnlnnoy and contrasting its stata now with its con dition ten— thho time ho laatlod iioro— said ho was planning rohhorlov. Such bud opinions almost convinced him . that life was not worth living. But ids oyu was a wicked ono and his post porformances worse— to judgo by Inspector Devino's list of convictions. 'So lie and his tjrathar vag, bado a lender farewell to Melbourne and Its nnt-of.dnor beds for throe months, 