QUE STOKY. - THE BANSHEE A WEIRD LEGEND OF THE QUEEN'S COUNRY. OF all the superstitions prevalent among the natives of Ireland at any period, past or present, there is none so grand and fanciful, none which has been so universally assented to, or so cordially cherished, as the belief in the existence of the banshee. She is said to be an immaterial and immortal being, attached time out of mind, to various respectable and ancient families in Ireland, and is said always to appear to announce, by cries and lamentations, the death of any mem- j ber of that family to which she be- 1 longs. She always comes at night, a short time previous to the death of the fated one, and takes her stand outside, convenient to the house, and there) utters the most plaintive cries and lamentations, generally in some unknown language, and in a tone of voice resembling that of a human female. She continues her visits night after night, unless vexed or annoyed, until the mourned object dies, and some times she is said to continuo about the house for several nights after. Some times she is said to appear in the shape of a most beautiful young damsel, and dressed in the most elegant , and fantastic garments; but her general appearance is in the likeness of an old woman, of small stature, and bending and decrepid form, enveloped in a winding-sheet or grave-dress, and her long, white, hoary hair waving over her shoulders and descending to her feet. At other times she is dressed in the costume of the middle ages — the different articles of elothing being of the richest material and of a sable hue. She is very shy, and easily irritated, and once annoyed or vexed, she flies away, and never returns during the same generation. When the death of the person she mourns is contin gent, or tooccur by unforeseen accident, she is particularly agitated, and troubled in her appearance, and un usually loud and mournful in her lamentations. Some would fain have it that this strange being is actuated by a feeling quite inimical to the interests of the family which she haunts, and that she comes with joy and triumph to announce their mis fortunes. The opinion, however, is rejected by most people, who im agine her their most devoted friend, and that she was, at some remote period, a member of the family, and once existed on earth, in life and lone liness. . Some years ago there dwelt in the vicinity of Mountrath, in the Queen's County, a farmer, whose name it is not necessary to disclose. He never was married, . and his only domestics were a servant-boy and an old woman, a housekeeper, who had long been a follower or dependent of the family. He was rather dark and reserved in his manner, and oftentimes sullen and gloomy in his temper ; and this, joined with his well- known disregard of religion, served to render him some what unpopular amongst his neigh bours and acquaintances. However, he was in general respected, and was never insulted or annoyed ; he was considered as an honest, inoffensive man; and as he was well supplied with firearms and ammunition, few liked to disturb him, even had they been so disposed. He was well edu cated, and decidedly hostile to every species of superstition, and was con stantly jeering his old house-keeper, who was extremely superstitious, and pretended to be entirely conversant with every matter connected with witchcraft and the fairy world. He seldom darkened a neighbour's door, and scarcely ever asked anyone to enter his, but generally spent his leisure hours in reading, of which he was extremely fond, or in furbishing his firearms, to which he was still more attached, or in listening to and laughing at the wild and blood- curdling stories of old Moya, with which her memory abounded. Thus fee spent his time until the perijod at which our tale commences, He was about fifty years of age. j android Moya the housekeeper,,;,' Had' ' become extremely feeble, stooped; arid' o: very ugly and forbidding exterior. One morning, in the month of No vember, this man arose before day light, and on coming out of the apart ment where he slept, he was sur- : prised at finding old Moya in the kitchen, sitting over the raked up fire and smoking her tobacco-pipe in a very serious and meditative mood . Arrah, Moya, said he, what brings you out of your bed so early ? Och musha, I dunna, replied the old woman, I was so uneasy all night that I could not sleep a wink, and I 1 got up to smoke a blast, thinkin' that I it might drive away the weight that's I on my heart . And what ails you, Moya ? — are you sick, or what's come over you ? No, the Lord be prais'd. I'm not sick, but my heart is sore, and there's a load on my spirits, that would kill a hundred. Maybe you were dreaming, or some thing that way, said the man in a bantering tone ; and suspecting from the old woman's grave manner that she was labouring under some mental delusion. Dreaming ! reechoed Moya, with a bitter sneer; ay, dreaming. Och, I wish to God I was only dreaming ; but I am very much afraid its worse than that, and there is trouble and mis- I fortune hanging over uz. I And what makes you think so, I Moya? asked he with a lialf-suppres- ! sed smile. I Moya, aware of his well-known hos tility to every species of superstition, | remained silent, biting her lips, and 1 shaking her gray head prophetically. Why don't you answer me, Moja? again asked the man. Och, said Moya, I am heartscalded to have it to tell you, and I know you will laugh at me ; but say what you will, there is something bad over uz, for the banshee was about the house all the night, and she has me almost frightened out of my wits with her shouting and bawling. And how do you know it was the banshee, Moya ? I How do I know ? reiterated Moya, tauntingly. Didn't I see and hear her several times during the night? and more nor that, didn't I hear the dead-coach rattling around the house, and through the yard, every night at midnight this week back, as if it would tear the house out of the foun dations ? The man smiled, faintly ; he was frightened, yet was ashamed to appear so. He again said. And did you ever Bee the banshee before, Moya? Yes, replied Moya, often. Didn't I see her when your mother died ? Didn't I see her when your brother was drowned ? And sure there wasn't one of the family that went these sixty years that I did not both see and hear her. And where did you see her, and what way did she look tonight? I saw her at the little window over my bed ; a kind of reddish light shone round the house : I looked up, and there I saw her old pale face, and glassy ej es looking in, and she rocking heiself to and fro, and clapping her little, withered hands, and crying as if her very heart would break. Well, Moya, it's all imagination ; go now, and prepare my breakfast, as I want to go to Maryborough to-day, and I must be home early . Moya trembled : she looked at him imploringly, and said, For heaven's sake, John, don't go to-day, and God bless you, for if you go to- day, I would give my oath there will something cross you that's bad. Nonsense, woman, said he, make haste and get me my breakfast. Moya, with tears in her eyes, set about getting the breakfast ready ; and whilst she was so employed, John was engaged in making preparations for his journey. Having now completed his other arrangements, he sat down to break fast, and having concluded it, he arose I to. depart. " Moya ran to the door, crying loudly ; she flung herself on her knees, and said, John, John, be advised. Don't go to-day ; take my advice ; I know more of the world than you do, and I see plainly that if you go, you will never enter this house again with your life. Ashamed to be influenced by the drivellings of an old collough, he pushed her away with his hand, and going out to the stables, mounted his horse and departed. Moya followed him with her eyes whilst in sight, and when she could no longer see him she sat down at the fire and wept bitter n- It was a bitter cold day, and the farmer having finished his business in town, feeling himself chilly, went into a public house to have a tumbler of punch and feed his horse; there he met an old friend who would not part with him until he would have another glass with him and a little conversa tion, as it was many years since they had met before. One glass brought another, and it was almost duskish ero John thought of returning, and having nearly ten miles to travel, it would be dark night before he could get home. Still his friend would not permit him to go, but called for more liquor, and it was far advanced in the night before they parted. John, however, had a good horse, and having had him well fed, he did not spare whip nor spur, but dashed along at a rapid pace thtough the gloom and silence of the winter's night ; and had already dis tanced the town upwards of five miles, when, on arriving at a very desolate part of the road, a gunshot, tired from behind the bushes; put an end to his mortal existence. Two strange men who had been in the same public house at Maryborough drinking, ob serving that he had money, and learn ing the road that he was to travel, conspired to rob and murder him, and waylaid him in this lonely spot for that horrid purpose. Poor Moya did not go to bed that night, but sat at the fire, every moment impatiently expecting his return. Often did she listen at the door, to try if she could hear the tramp of the horses' footsteps approach ing ; but in vain ; no sound met her ear except the sad wail of the night wind, moaning fitfully through the tall bushes which surrounded the ancient dwelling, or the sullen roar of a little dark river, which wound its way through the lowlands, at a small distance from where she stood. Tired of watching, at length she fell asleep on the hearthstone ; but that sleep was disturbed and broken, and fright ful and appalling dreams incessantly haunted her imagination . At length the darksome morning appeared struggling through the wintry clouds, and Moya again opened the door to look out . But what was her dismay when she found the horse standing at the stable door without his rider, and the saddle all besmeat- ed with clotted blood. She raised the death-cry; the neighbours thronged round, and it was at once declared that the hapless man was robbed and murdered. A party on horseback im mediately set forward to seek him, and on' arriving at the fatal spot, he was found stretched on his back in the ditch, his head perforated with shot and slugs, and his body literally im mersed in a pool of blood. On ex amining him, it was found that his money was gone and a valuable gold watch and appendages had been ab stracter1 from his pocket. His remains were conveyed home, and, after having been waked the customary time, were committed to the grave of his ancestors in the little green churchyard of the village. Having no legitimate children, the nearest heir to his property was a brother, a cabinet maker who resided in London. A letter was accordingly despatched to the brother announcing the sad catastrophe, and calling on him to come and take possession of the property ; and two men were ap pointed to guard the place until he should arrive. The two men delegated to act as guardians, or, as they are technically, termed, keepers, were old f riehds and comrades of the deceased. Jack O'Malley was a square, stout-built, and handsome fellow, with a pleasant word for every one, and full of that gayety, vivacity, and nonchalance, for which the peasantry of Ireland are so par ticularly distinguished. He was now about forty -five years of age ; sternly attached to the dogmas of his religion, and always remarkable for his revolu tionary and anti-British principles. He was brave as a lion, and. never quailed before a man ; but though caring so little for a living imati, he was extremely afraid of a dead one and would go ten miles out of his road at night to avoid passing a rath or haunted bush. Harry Taylor was a tall, genteel- looking man. of proud and imperious aspect, and full of reserve and hauteur — the consequence of a con sciousness of superiority of intelligence and education. Harry, too, loved his glass as well as Jack, but was of a more peaceful disposition, and, as he was well educated and intelligent, he was utterly opposed to superstition, and laughed to scorn the mere idea of ghosts, goblins, and fairies. Thus Jack and Harry were diametrically opposed to each other in every point, except their love of tho cruiskeen. It was now the sixth or seventh night that Jack and Harry, as usual kept their lonely watch in the kitchen of the murdered man. A large turf fire blazed brightly on the hearth, and on a bed of straw in the ample chimney-corner was stretched old Moya in a profound sleep. On the hearth stone, between the two friends, stood a small oak table, on which was placed a large decanter of whiskey, a jug of boiled water, and a bowl of sugar, and, as if to add an idea of security to that of comfort, on one end of the table were placed a formidable - looking blunderbuss and a brace of large brass pistols. J ack and his comrade time and again renewed their acquaintance with the whiskey-bottle, and laughed and chatted, and recounted the adven tures of their young days with as much hilarity as if the house which now witnessed their mirth never echoed to the cry of death or blood. In the course of conversation Jack mentioned the incident of the strange appearance of the banshee, and expressed a hope that she would not come that night to disturb their carouse. Banshee be hanged, shouted Harry. How superstitious you are ! I would like too see the phiz of any man, dead or alive, who dare make his appearance here to-night ; and seizing the blunder buss, and looking' wickedly at Jack, he vociferated, By Hercules, I would drive the contents of this through whoever would daro annoy us. Better for you shoot your mother than fire at the banshee, anyhow, le- marked Jack. Psha, said Harry, looking contemp tuously at his companion, I would think no more of riddling the old jade's hide than I would of throwing off this tumbler ; and to suit the action to the word, he drained off another bumper of whiskey-punch. By and by the fire decayed on the hearth, the whiskey bottle was almost emptied, and the two sentinels, getting drowsy, put out the candle and laid down their heads to slumber. The song and the laugh and the jest were hushed, and no sound was to be heard but the incessant click, click of the clock in the inner room, and the deep heavy breathing of old Moya in the chinniGy- corner. They had slept they knew not how long, when the old hag awakened with a wild shriek. She jumped out of bed, and crouched between the men ; they started up and asked her what had. happened. Oh ! she exclaimed, the banshee, the banshee, Lord have mercy on us, she is come again, and I never beard her so wild and outrageous before. (To be continued.) 