THE Secretary to the National Association, which. has its head quarters in Melbourne, has sent out a letter to the country Press urging that public meetings should be called to pass resolutions in favour of Federation. He says the National Association would do this work if it had not been feared that those who do not approve of the Association would hold aloof. That is just the reason why public meetings in Victoria would do more harm than good, because it is New South Wales which has the Federation question in hand, and any eagerness shown by Victorians to create a Federal Parliament is looked upon in that colony as a reason why it should not be established until the Protective tariff now in force there has checked Victorian factories a little more. It is believed there that Vic toria desires Federation solely for selfish reasons. Sir George Dibbs said as much at the recent conference between the Premiiers of New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, called by the latter. The letter we have referred to expresses regret that Mr. Patterson should have refused to agree to Sir George Dibbs' note issue expedients, as it "puts another difficulty in the way of the speedy attainment of federation." The Con ference was not called by Mr. Patterson, there fore he cannot be blamed for its comparative failure, and he may have impressed upon Sir George Dibbs that the "corner" New South Wales has got into in relation to note issues would not have occurred if there had been any federal control of banking, as provided for by the Commonwealth Bill now before the Sydney Parliament. At anyrate the fact that the actual Bill to effect Federation is now undedr consideration by the Parliament of New South Wales bars action by Victoria, as the time has passed for beating the drum in favour of Federation in the abstract. Nor is much to be expected from public opinion in the mass in any of the colonies to urge on Federation. The work must be consummated by Parliamentary action on the lines now being slowly developed by Mr. Barton in New South Wales. Mr. Inglis Clark, of Tasmania, has recently addressed a meeting at Launceston in advocacy of Federation; and such addresses do good if delivered by men of his standing, who understand the subject in its details, and can give instructive information respecting it, but scratch gather ings, addressed by ill-informed residents in country towns, are only waste of time. The official report of the Commonwealth debates in Sydney in March-April, 1891, is a monu ment of intellectual work and definite advance on this subject which renders absurd peurile discussion of generalities in public meetings. There is plenty of room, however, for such addresses by Parliamentary representatives in Victoria as Mr. Inglis Clark's, especially the following part of it: It had been said the cost of federation would neutralise its benefits; From the report of the Federal Council the cost of a Federal Govern ment would be £2,226,000, or 11s. 5d. per head of the population. This looked a large figure, especially if confined to the bread winners, and thereby increased four or five times, but the estimate included the cost of Public Works, Post and Telegraph, which if taken out would reduce the cost to 3s. 7d. per head. If they got intercolonial freetade no man need object to pay 3s. Gd. for himself and his family. The Federal Government would take over the colonial debts and consolidate them at a reduced rate of interest. Mr. Inglis Clark has detected what is seldom seen, although it should be very obvious, namely, that "dislike of direct taxation had more to do with hostile tariffs than anything else." He gets off the track, however, when he says that colonial politicians have pandered to. the demand of the people for State Social ism, as the inevitable every day necessities of every colony have driven governments to that method of developing the country, just as a father has to advance his children's interests when they are too young to do so for them selves. State Socialism is quite unknown, as such, to Australian voters, and that is why all the colonial governments suffer from a want of reciprocity between their efforts and the support of the people benefited. Indeed it is difficult to define what State Socialism is or will be because it will have to be a growth of Individualism of a centripetal character instead of the present centrifugal system. It is easy to ridicule State Socialism by confounding it with Communism or Anarchy, which is what a German book epitomised in Stead's Review of Reviews for May does, but the fact that State Socialism is steadily advancing in Australia while (as Mr. Inglis Clark unconsciously testifies) it is not recognised or avowed as such by political parties, proves that it is a natural develop ment of Civilisation-a necessary consequence, in fact, of the gregariousness of humanity. So far as Europe is concerned State Socialism is far advanced in a most objectionable yet unrecognised shape, namely, the maintenance of enormous armies, navies, and fortifications, all maintained in what are supposed to be the highest social interests of each nation. Persons who ridicule State Socialism do not recognise it in that form, nevertheless it is there, and only requires an alteration of its object of mutual destruction into mutual sup port to make State Socialiam perfectly prac tical, even as conscriptious are. We com mend to Mr. Stead's attention this particular line of thought upon this question as we have not seen it mentioned before, and in support of it give him the following quotation from Micha Iv., 3, 4. : "They shall beat their swords into plough shares, and their spears into pruning hooks; nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more. But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree, and none shall make them afraid." TuE following views of Mr. E. M. Young, a very high authority on Australian finance, are worthy of attention, although they are fragmentary and crude in so far that they lead to a nebulous generalisation. They are quoted by the argus as having been expressed in London on 26th April at the annual meeting of the Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Company, shortly after his return from a visit to this colony: Although it was only some 18 months previous that I had been in Melbourne, I was amazed at the altered state of affairis. The people there, even the best people, seemed to be struck with an immense amount of fear as to the result of their own operations-operations, as Mr. Hen derson has justly remarked, fostered to a great extent by the enormous influx of capital. Whether that supply of capital was a blessing to the colony or the reverse is a moot point. Some say it tended to enormously develop the resources of the colony, but I think myself it would have been better if the supply had been more gradual, and the development would then have been oni a sounder basis, and the prosperity in the future would have been more lasting. The price of produce in all countries is the factor at tihe bottom of all prosperity or the reverse. At the present time in Australia we find an enormous depreciation in the value of securities, owing to the less income derived from them, but I should like you when leaving this room to believe that we are not always to have that state of things. I have spent 36 years now in Australian business, and Ihave seen depreosions in tlieprice of wool, although not' quite so low as at the present time, and I am satisfied that before long we will see again an improvement; but a return to that prosperity will only be a return to those who manfully grapple with their difficulties, and do not seek to buoy themselves up by further bor rowings. I will say one word further regarding the low prices of wool, which are stimulated, as you will readily suppose, by an enormous increase in the supply. Twenty years ago the Australian colonies-I will deal with round figures so that you may more easily appreciate the situation produced about half a million bales of wool. Ten years later that supply was doubled-1,000,000 bales; and last year it was again doubled, to 2,000,000 bales. It is a perfect surprise even to people engaged in the trade that such a quantity should be absorbed. But that increased supply was produced at an enormous cost to the com munity. I maintain that the pastoralists made more money out of the half-million bales pro duced 20 years ago than they do now out of the 2,000,000 bales that they send to this country. A LETTER in another column from Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, one of the best thinkers in Mel bourne, amplifies some suggestions of his which were published in the Argus, and re printed by us. He adds a new one-- that the Government should have helped the Banks to avoid re-construction by issuing to them State notes. The principal merit of the sug gestion lies in its acceptance of Collectivism as the dominant note of Civilisation, because practically the Government could not have helped the Banks in that way without opening a Session of both Houses to authorise that step, and then the Banks might have said " You announce to the world that we are weak, and thereby cause a run upon us, and then offer us a paper currency which people will not accept, or at anyrate one which will not save our gold." Limited emergency help is very risky, and the ungrateful recep tion which the wise act of the Government in proclaiming a five days Bank holiday met with shows that Mr. Hutchinson's suggestion is more likely to meet with approval, and be of permanent value to the colony, when it takes the shape we have sketched in outline once or twice of late, namely, that the Govern ment should create, as soon as possible, a Victoria State Bank (note that the title will be that of Victoria as a State of the coming Commonwealth of Australia, or Australasia, as we hope). This Bank would do all the present banking of the Government (no trifle, and in itself a set-off to the Bank note .tax and the interest the Banks now pay on Gov ernment deposits). =All Government receipt and pay offices, post-offices, land offices, Cus toms offices, railway stations, and every office, in fact, manned by employees of the Govern ment, would practically be a branch bank for distributing the State notes, and most of these offices could be utilised for the bulk of banking business as now conducted by the proprietary banks. Of course the full gamut of banking need not be entered upon at first, if at all, but the practicability is there, await ing the desirability. No doubt it will be said that the Government cannot take risks of this kind, but the reply is that it will have to take them, and the community will have to stand shoulder to shoulder to sustain the Government. As to the land boom having caused the financial panic, even if that be admitted, on the Hindoo reasoning that a tortoise supports the world, the quest ion remains what supports the tortoise? In other words " what caused the land boom ?" Mr. Hutchinson's figures supply the answer, although he does not offer them as an answer, but rather as a proof that the land boom was bound to be disastrous. He shows that the population of Melbourne and suburbs in creased two-thirds from 1881 to 1891. The causes were manifold, but none of them were, in themselves, unhealthy, financially. Where the unhealthiness came in was in the combin ation of Individualism in too small an area. The land booming at the top ends of Collins street would have been healthy enough if it had not had to compete with land booming at the centre. The provision of suburban allotments for six millions of people created disaster because those who provided for the two-thirds increase above noted made a profit and they started a land fever which could not be repressed but had to run its course. It all proceeded from Individualism, really, just as losses in the soft-goods trade, or any other, have done, or will do. And the suburban land boom created the country land boom because it sent out the dispossessed suburban market gardeners, &c.;, to purchase country lands. Mr. Hutchinson's conclusions as to the " new theory" of the relations of Capital to Labour being governed by the " welfare of the people" are thoroughly sound, but he provides no agency for working his theory so far as Capital in general is concerned. Of course we know that he relies upons the Sermon on the Mount, and Gospel ethics generally, which is just the broken reed which philanthlropists generally are leaning upon, although it will shock Mr. Hutchinson to be told so. However, he is practical in so far that he urges the Government to enlarge its sphere of duty by becoming an employer of labour in imnproving the national estate "for the general good." That is a step in State Socialism which all Governments are timidlly taking, with nmany efforts to conceal what they are doing, and protestations that they are not doing it, or will not do it again, and the value of such letters as Mr. Hutchinson's lies in creating a public opinion which shall en courage Governments to a greater robustness of thought and notion on this momentous question, standing as it does as the bulwark of Civilisation against Anarchy. The details of Mr. Hutchinson's specific suggestions of State enterprise are tll good, and prove what a large unworvoked field of usefulness the Gov ernment has in State Socialism without entering upon competition with private enter prise, which it will ultimately have to do as completely as it now does in relation to primary education. The plhnting of the West Mel bourne eswamp should certainly be undertaken, as suggested, unless there is any prospect of utilising it during the next twenty years for building purposes. And even if that should happen.the bulk of thie trees could remain. The proposal that the townships on the great Southern line should be cleared of timber, and the timber sold to the Railway Department, may be commercially defensible, but the work would have to be undertaken by the Govern ment taking a lien over the land. We should prefer to see the Government take in hand the laying-out of lthe iew Metropolitan Cem etery; the removal of the Flemington Cattle yards and the Abattoirs and all the Noxious Trades to the Williamstown beach near Laverton. That would be a big contract and a big profit, all the rents and dues being retained by the Government in perpetuity as an endowment say to the Education Depart ment. Why:do our statesmen not' at least discuss-l, roposals of thlis kind I We are not aware that they even think of them. Mr. Hutchinson's third suggestion,n as toa canal from Barwon Heads "to Lake Connewarre is 6f a similar character td the one we have just outlined, and his allusion to a Trust carrying out the work reminds us that one deplorible - feature of the depression in' Melbourne is that public men presumably wealthy have been absolutely silent in respect to any co operative effbrt to developeany natural wealth. We can imagine the ghosts of Captain Cook and of Earl Russell denouincing the supine nessof the generation to which they bequeathed this continent of Australia-the one as the discoverer and the other as the bestower of British sovereignity. And now we come to a less exalted theme-the rabbits, which Captain Cook did not give its. ' The weakness of Mr. Hutchinson's rabbit catching and can ning proposals are that they cannot be applied on a scale sufficient to get rid of the rabbits as an enemy to pastoralists and farmers.. Rabbits breed faster than they can be canned, consequently canning factories can only have a limited usefulness as a commercial enter prise in localities where rabbit breeding can be kept from becoming a public nuisance. The last suggestion Mr. Hutchinson makes to create a new City of Welshpool, is one that fascinates us very much, and we exalted it a few weeks ago to a higher destiny than he assigned to it, namely, nothing less than be coming the capital city of the new Common wealth of Australasia. If the map be looked at it will be seen that the location isa suitable one, unless an inland site is considered pre ferable. In any case the idea of laying off a new city there is a good one, and it should be done as one national work among many now to meet scarcity of employment, and as a national asset to meet future expenditure upon special appropriations. We can only repeat that the value of Mr. Hutchinson's letter lies in its suggestiveness of the immense advantages, present and future, of develop ments of Collectivism, so strangely ignored in this colony both by the people and the Gov ernment. THE only portion of the report of the Board which enquired into certain aspects of the umanagement of the Locomotive brarch of the Victorian Railway service which can be said to be well founded, or of any particular iim portance, is the recommendation that the management of the branch should be less isolated than hitherto from the rest of the service. In the time of the late Mr. Mirls there was this conflet between the "loco." heads, as they are called, and the "traffic" men, and it has become intensified since Mr. Francis became Chairman of the Railway Commissioners. Mr. Speight appears to have leant to the " loco." side against the traffic. An enquiry by Civil service officials into the conduct of another Civil service official should not be made, as it was in this case, but should have been entrusted to say half a dozen members of the Chamber of Commerce, with power to call in experts to assist them. Cu. WALSH is right in his view that the Health Officer and the Inspector of Nuisances for the Shire of Ballan should not have ordered the cutting off of the water supply to Ballan, but should have reported the bad condition of the water to the Local Board of Health. It is rather ludicrous that although the Railway Departmienti the Shire Council, the Water Trust, the Health Officer, and the Inspector of Nuisances are all supposed to have responsibility for the water supply, the real master of the situation was the holder of the keys of the main. As pumping from the river may have to be resorted to again the Water Trust should obtain authority from the Railway Department to supervise the procedure. If this had been done this summer all this trouble need not have arisen. And it must be remembered, too, that the Health Officer's action was really useless, as, when he ordered the supply to be stopped the mischief of supplying bad water had already accomplished all the harm it could have done, therefore the remedy required is that the railway employee who has charge of the town supply as well as the railway tank shall not pump water direct from the river from any spot he may hastily select, but shall obtain the assistance of the Water Trust to get a few sandbags to dam back the water while an excavation is made in the creek shingle to form a new and clean pool front which to pump a supply. River sand is a good filter, but if not thought good enough a perforated iron cylinder with a double skin filled with charcoal and sand could be obtained for £5, and if sunk in the water at the pumping -ite to receive the pump inlet would purify the supply. Something practical of this kind appears to be required as an emergency until the reservoir now relied uponi to store a supply is proved to be largo enough to stand a four or six months drought. It appears to require deepening and perhaps puddling, but it is early yet to find fault with it. Messrs. Anderson & Bence will hold a sale on Tuesday next in the insolvent estate of Mr. W. J. Humphreys. A Bacchus Marsh football team was badly treated on Wednesday by the South Egertou players, as, after taking the trouble to go by train to play the match set down for that date, the South Egerton players did not put in an appearance, but sent a message that they were waiting some four or five miles away to play the game. There was no time to go there, and no means of getting there, and as no notice of any change of location of the match had been given, the Bacchus Marsh players went on the ground hitherto played upon and claimed the match. Strange to say the Egerton hotels were one and all unable to provide the team with the evening meal they sought. It appears to us that these Trophy contests should be abandoned next year, if not this year. The organisation is defective, and it is difficult to bring forty players together so many times in a season. Moreover the system of trophies, and medals, and rewards for best players is a bad one, as it stimulates brutality of play between teams, and destroys the courtesy of fair dealing between player and player on the same side. If supporters of foot ball wish to help the players or the game they can best do so by subscribing to the expenses of a series of friendly matches, as these expenses are no trifle to the players, where there is no gate money, as in Melbourne. The annual change of officers of the Duke of Abercorn Lodge of Freemasons, Bacchus Marsh, took place on Friday evening, 2nd inst., when Bro. Frederick Howe, S.W., was dul& installed as Worshipful Master of the Lodge by Bro. the Right Worshipful G. Baker, Deputy Grand master of the Order in Victoria, assisted by Bro. G. Palmer, P.M., and Bro. E. Bona, P.M., also by the retiring W.M., Bro. T. Graham, now I.P.M. of the Lodge, and P.G. Chaplain Rev. J. A. Stuart, P.M., who is also Chaplain of the Lodge. The new S.W. is Bro. T. Heath; J.W., Bro. H. Paterson; Secretary, Bro. Cornelius Mahoney; Treasurer, Bro. A. G. Osborne; S.D., Bro. T. Borlase; J.D., Bro. W. H. Fossey; I.G., Bro. Peter Murray; Tyler, Bro. H. Simpson. A supper followedl tlhe Lodge meeting, at which the cuistomary congratulatory and fraternal speeches were made. A good programme, as shown by.the hand bills, will be given ,in the Mechanics' Institute on the 21st inst by members of the Band of Hope. The principal items are two new dialogues for six and five characters. Among the candidates who passed matricula tion at the Melbourne University this month are: -Marion Ellen Bryant, State school, Barry's Reef; and Thomas Hodgson Pearce, of Bacchus Marsh, a student at Wesley College, Melbourne. A ball is to be held in the Mechanics' Institute Myrniong, on Wednesday, June 14th. We are informed that the following resolution was passed at the meeting of the Bacchus Marsh Branch, A.N.A., held 6th June :-" That the action of the President in bringing under the notice of the various branches the recent alleged case of miscarriage of justice be highly com mended; and that this branch endorse the sentiments contained in the circular." The sentiments referred to are grandiloquent rubbish, " sicklied o'er," as most A.N.A. utterances are, with "a willingness to wound and a fear to strike." A younmg rat was killed in Messrs. Pearce's chaff-shed, Church street, this week. It is to be feared that rats will become numerous in the township. A good method of poisoning them is mentioned in one of the papers this week. It is to place a ball of hard fat, poisoned with strychnine, in a closed box half filled with bran or sweet bay, and with a hole in one end large enough to admit a rat. The ball should be large and not too soft. The National Bank will resume business on the 21st inst. The Ballarat Star states that the Massey Harris spring tooth' steel frame 'cultivator underwent a very successfiul trial at Ascot a few days ago, with the result that three of the machines were placed among the farmers who assembled on the occasion, while at Waubra, on the following day, another couple of the imple ments were sold after a trial made in the presence of a number ofagriculturalists. At the exhibition held at Ascot, the majority of the leading land owners of the Coghill's Creek and Ascot districts were present. The Standard's New York correspondent telegraphs :-Stevenson's John Bull, the first American locomotive, was cheered by thousands of persons, as it proceeded on its way to Chicago, drawing its original train, with its own steam. About a week is allowed for a 26 hours journey. The Attorney-General of N.S.W., Mr. Barton, having been compelled by ill health to abandon the Federation Bill for the present session, now proposes to take steps to form a Central Federa tion League in Sydney, with branches throughout the colony. He will ask the assistance of the prominent •supporters of federation in carrying out his proposals, and by this means he hopes to thoroughly arouse the federation spirit and greatly advance the cause of federation by the time the bill is again taken up as one of the earliest measures of the next session. The Ballarat correspondent of the Age wrote on Monday last :-Steiglitz ventures engaged a good deal of attention, the splendid prospects of United Albions causing a brisk trade to spring up in Waterloo and other adjoining stocks. Waterloo, who will soon put a crushing through, promises a further and a stronger spirt, and if the anticipations of the management be realised, viz., that the stone will yield from 12 dwt. to l5dwt. to the ton, the shares should become very valuable. The North Birmingham also doing good work, and the North Albion promise ere long to take a leading position in the market. Perhaps the Steiglitz goldfield may yet have much to do in securing a return of general prosperity to the colony. The Trentham corespondent of the Kyneton Guardian writes:-On Saturday last a match was played at Trentham between the Blackwood and Trentham clubs. Vincent captained the locals, and A. Mackie the visitors. During the first quarter the locals put up two goals, one by Alloin and one by Siddall, in addition to sundry behinds; Blaekwood, sil. In the second quarter Blackwood secured two goals, kicked by Roach and M'Guire. In the third quarter the Tren thamites succeeded in obtaining an additional goal, which increased their score to three goals; Blackwood again failing to score. During the last quarter neither team scored. Final results -Trentham, 3 goals, 6 behinds; Blackwood, 2 goals 3 behinds. Mr. Guest acted efficiently as central umpire, and kept the game moving. A telegram in the Age from Perth says: "Mr. Sylvester Browne, part owner of Bayley's Reward claim, Coolgardie, left the field for Perth with 3,000 oz. of gold, obtained by dollying and dry blowing." Ballan items :-At the Ballan Police Court on Fridaylast George Foster Smith,lately occupying the position of clerk of works at the Ballan New Shire Hall, (the situation being gained over the heads of many other applicants through bearing the highest credentials from some of the leading firms in Melbourne) was charged with the larceny of the undermentioned goods, the property of Miss Catherine Baker, who issued a warrant for his arrest, viz., pipes, valued at 2s. ; 17 cakes tobacco; fifteen quires notepaper; one box paste plaster; five bottles essence of lemon; one box scented soap ; half doz. wax vestas; four pairs socks; five pairs girl's hose, all of which goods were identified by the complainant, and valued at 88s. On the request of Sen.-Constable Boyce the accused was remanded for eight days, pending further enquiries. General regret is expressed for the accused, who, it is reported by his intimate friends, has recently suffered much mental trouble. Although bail was allowed for 150 in his own recognisance, and two sureties of £25 each, it was not forthcoming, the alternative being that many witnessed the melancholy spectacle of seeing him consigned to the Ballarat jail.-The conveyance of merchandise by team sters between the metropolis and up country towns still continues, and the haulage power requisite testifies the heavy loads. On Thursday last three such conveyances passed through this township, two of which had eight horses easch attached, and the other seven; and again on Sunday three more waggons followed in the same inland route, two of which had seven and eight horses respectively.-Accident, from time irn memorial, has been in many instances the parent of discovery, and it was a singular accident that brought about the discovery of that won derfil gold mine the "Reward," at Coolgardie, in Western Australia, in which Messrs. G. Gordon Lyon (son of Mr. C. H. Lyon, of Ballanee,) and Molesworth Greene are heavy shareholders. The discovery came about thus-During an interval of rest from labour some of the party took shelter under the foliage of an adjacent tree, and the resting arm of one of the recumbent figures coming in contact with some hard sub stance which proved to be a stone, the offending article was displaced, which, on examination, proved to be golden, and when tested yielded seven ounces of the precious metal. The great drawback to the advancement of this golden region, want of water, has now happily been removed. Whiere previously 35 miles had to be traversed for a supply of this necessary fluid, an artesian well, sunk by Government, has fortunately struck this needful requisite, not far from this seat of labour.--Although the weather was uninviting for outdoor visitors the interest centered in the football match in the Ramsey trophy played at Gordon between that team and Egerton was manifested in the assemblage present, a proof that this was looked upon as the game of the season. Egerton came out victors by four goals to two.-The approach to our Railway station from the fence gateto the ticket oflice or parcels room is an eyesore to pedestrians, and does not reflect credit upon the authorities whose duty it is to keep it in main. tenance, considering that abundance of gravel has peen lying idle for many months past within a stone's throw of these requisite repairs. No extra cost would be incurred in these days of retrenchment to tell off a man or two from one of the repairing gangsnto utilise it ill filling up hollows where mud and water with the slightest shower rest. - The little son of Mr. G. A.Bence, Bacchuns Marsh, has unfortunately had to lose the leg which we referred to a fortnight back as having been operated upon by Drs. Vance, Shields, and Strahan. Dr. Shields visited Bacchus Marsh on Tuesday evening for the purpose of final consul- tation on the subject, when it was agreed that amputation could no longer be averted. The little patient is alarmingly weak, but hopes are entertained for his recovery The Argus correspondent in Western Australia writing of 25th May says:-" From the gold fields the reports received continue to be uniformly satisfactory. In my last letter I gave some particulars of Bayley's reward claim at Coolgardie, about 120 miles east of Southern Cross. On this property stone is still: being raised averaging from one to six ounces to the pound. It is the intention of the managing director, Mr. Sylvester Browne, to have a main shaft sunk to cut the reef at about 300ft., and to put a drive into the reef at the first and second hundred feet. In addition to the rich stone now being taken from the reef another magnificent discovery has been made in the claim 150ft. further north. Lumps of stone have been taken from this part weighing as much as 401b., and averaging llb. weight of gold to lib. of stone. It is stated that from this spot 600oz.-of gold were taken within a few hours. On another portion of the Yilgarn field, at Parker's Range, distant 35 miles from Southern Cross, operations are being resumed. This is due to the establish ment of a public crusher, which puts through stone at a charge of 14s. per ton, There is said to be plenty of stone payable at that price, only waiting to be picked up. A rush is reported to a place situated about 80 miles east of Coolgardie, So far, howeier, the accounts received are not very promising. The auriferous country is said to be confined to a small area on the borders of a salt lake, and the only ground worth working is that in narrow gullies between sandhills. The best claim is yielding an ounce a day, but the average is only about 2dwt. to 4dwt., and the largest nugget yet found is only a little over 2oz. in weight." 