AST AUSTRALIAN BILLIONAIRE. BY. MES. A. BLITZ. [Axl Eights Resebved.] CONTENTS OF BOOK I. CHAPTER VII. The Foster-brothers. THL Washington Larry takes a Crooked Aim at the Foe, and Brings Down the Friend. IX. In which Mrs. Calliport Fails as Moni tress, and Jerry Stoops to Spy. X. Ocular Demonstration and Its Kssult. XI. The Will Traps the Widow and Wrecks Her Satellite. '' J ' 'book i. ' CHAPTER V II. — (Conthtoed.) Mrs. Calliport's plailantpropical charac teristics have already been alluded to, and owing to them there existed many peti tioners the 'better for her bounty. It is ?with one of those we have to do — a young woman who had been in Mrs. Calliport's service and married from her employer's house. She -was a Mrs. itapper, recently widowed by an accident, and left almost destitute, with two children, one being an infant of 6 weeks, and dying. She would have fared badly enough but for Mrs. Calliport, who, learning of Mrs. Goldwin's wish for a foster-mother for her son, secured the place for the widow, while undertaking to give the remaining child to reliable care during her service at Goolgun. So Mrs. Dripper was duly installed at Goolgun when her charge was but 3 weeks' old, and her own little one had de parted to .join the band of seraphim. And when it came to pass that the infant Lock stud cried out in vain for the solace of the joung mother, when doctors advised its complete removal from the house to ensure perfect quiet until Mrs. Locketud could be pronounced out of danger, Mrs. Dripper, hearing of it, and anxious to earn as much as she could for herself, and orphan, pleaded to Mrs. Calliport and Mrs. Goldwin both to let her have this second child also, Bince she was strong and hearty, and could attend to both children welL Mrs. Calliport would have preferred Theo's.boy to be nursed at her own home, that she might watch over him. ; but will ing to assist 'MrB.1 Dripper all she could, was overruled by the force of charity, and made no objection. Mrs. Goldwin was perfectly indifferent in thd inatter,- aB- to - whether -Mrs. Dripper* had half a dozen children to nurse, pro viding it did not interfere 'with the proper management of her own child. Two babies in the nursery would effect no change in her life, would never block her pleasures, BO why should she put any obstacle in the' way of Mrs. Dripper's interest ? The nursery was at the top of the house, so that cry or scream could scarcely assail her ears, or if reaching her at all, would be too much . mellowed by distance to cause nerve irritation. * Sometimes — but very seldom — sha did mount the staircase to visit the infant domain ; but as a rule the child was brought down to her daily after its morn ing bath, and nursed by ker for half an j hour or so, and, this duty being performed, she was free of motherhood's claims for the ensuing 23 hours. In this way Mrs. Dripper found no diffi culty in doubling her wages and [ responsibility, and Priscilla's son 'was nourished at Goolgun away from the mother whose embrace he was yet to learn, whose warm lips he was yet to feel, whose smiles and. utterances of thanksgiv ings and whose soft cooing baby language of holy love, were all alike lurking behind the fell hand of fever, which shadowed her home like a palL ' It -was a gloomy house for all concerned. It irritatsd Lcckstud, filled as it -was with whispers and sad faces, nurses and stealthy Creeping footsteps. Jle missed the hundred and one comforts which money alone cannot buy — the true heart that mostly anticipated his wants, the hands that ministered to his pleasures ungrudgingly. It was a hateful house to him, with Aunt Jessie's sigh and Mrs. Glade's eyes red with constant weeping. He felt only in the way at home, so . he absented himself, and spent 'most1 jof his leisure at ..Goolgun, where there were no tears, no lamenta tions, to weary him, and where his child was located. « Which is which ?' he once asked Mrs. Dripper, smiling in jest, and jet puzzled in earnest, as she stood before him with a child on each arm ; and Mrs. Goldwin, standing by, looked on with an amused ex pression. 'Lor, air!' came the reply, ' I don't believe I should know them myself, only your boy is double-jointed, eo I'd tell them, in the dark.' 'Upon my word!' put in Mrs. Goldwin, ' they might well be mixed, and each given over to $he wrong parents.' 'In that case;' said Lockstud, 'Mrs. Dripper would spare us advertising If or a Solomon to pick the right mother.' He glanced from one child to the other, and back again, as hie long fingers stroked, and twisted hi6 moustache. Me observed in each the ; eamelbluejeyes ; the same undecided prominence in a tiny dab of flesh, bearing twin holes, represent ing a nose ; the same soft, pure, flower-lite skin ; the same dimensions ; the same al most bald, round heads, save for a slight growth of fair silky down ; and neither child was rebust. Sometimes days would paBB, and he would never ask to see Ms eon, content to hear from Mrs. Goldwin, 'who heard it from Mrs. Dripper, that he was doing nicely. Nevertheless, he would remain some time talking to Mrs. Goldwin, or waiting to see her husband, before going to the city to give or receive information or.— instruction relative to business. Sometimes Goldwin kept Mm waiting a long time while he, unlike his wife, was in the nursery fondling hie boy, or watching the process of dressing with unsophisticated delight. 'I have been having a few words with the future Premier of Georgius,' he remarked one morning on entering the breakfast-room by way of apology for detaining his manager, and added: ' What are you going to do with your boy?' ' Oh,' laughed Lockstud back, ' the I Premier shall decide it He shall give him a portfolio.' The ' future Premier ' had been chris- j tened, and there had been feasting and revelry. His name was Roland ELovo del. ? His mother had wrinkled her aristocratic noee in disgust at the name of Kovodel, but as she knew that her husband was not to be moved when he had once resolved to do a thing, she gave way -amiably by allowing that to be his . second name, while she should choose his first. Goldwin consented to this, saying she could have any high-flown gimcrock name she liked, so long as he could back it with KovodeL Lockstud' s boy was also christened, but without joybells of any kind j and Goldwin, for some inexplicable reason, was averse to the name chosen for him by Mrs. Calliport, and accepted by her nephew without question. ' It belonged to one who was very dear to your poor mother,' she told Theo, ' and should be beBtowed in her memory.' So the child was received into the church as Cecil. But it was a very re markable thing that Mrs. Calliport was also strangely moved over Goldwin's decision to call his son - KodoveL It aroused sad memories and she wondered why of all the names to be selected he should have picked out one so Uncommon, and yet so painfully familiar to her. The solution belonged to the far-off future. CHAPTER VIII. Washington Larry Takes a Crooked Aim. ' They have called him Cecil.' It was Goldwin who spoke. It was 9 o'clock at night, and he was sitting oppo site his quondam mate, with one arm reBt ing on the table, where glasses stood to gether with, a decanter of whisky and jug of hot water, a plate of cut lemons, a bowl of sugar, and teaspoons. It was almost like old times, thought Larry, when no ' yaller haired witch ' or fussj baby had wedged themselves in between him and Jerry. Gold win often came to him like this, bringing in a breath of the happier days, because he, Larry, had gradually ceased visiting Gool gun ; and, when his friend asked why, the answer was that he loved his own nest too well, Jerry was not going to quarrel with him for this, because he had once shirked going out visiting himself, and he knew quite well that the Goolgun Society which he indulged in for his wife's sake could have no attraction for such as Larry ; but he did not know that the true answer was withheld, Washington's hate for Lockstud had by now reached such a pitch that he sickened when compelled to remain in the same room with him ; and as Lockstud was constantly at Goolgun, it seemed to Wash ington that there was no room for him there. He entertained the same opinion of Jerry's wife' as ever, but somewhat modified; for, with all his viciousness directed at Lockstud, he con sidered Viim to a great extent responsible for her conduct, and for craft and devilry a Me phifltoph eles. This hate was perfectly mutual between the two men. LockBtud, occasionally obliged to come into contact with his employer's protege, used domineering tones towards him or treated him with contempt. Washington in return gave snarls, and by gesture or action token of his deep set abhorrence. Longing to show him up to Jerry in his true colors, he had not yet determined how best to set about it ; but the Fates decided it sooner than he expected. Goldwin was talking of Lockstud' s child, not because of any particular attention it had attracted to itself from him, but be cauue of the name it had received. It was with auite a disconcerted expression he remarked to Larry — . ' They have called him Cecil.' Washington, with hiB cat on his knee, and putting lxis pipe from him to lie un heeded for awhile on the table, answered briefly— « Coincidence.' ' Of course,' said Jerrj, ' but itis qnesr for all that. There might be fifty Cecils in Fhillipia, but for me to be asked to stand godfather to a Cecil— that's the rubl It took my breath away when Locketud told me of it, and asked me to stand. Belle was present, and I forgot myself, and bawled out t * A thousand devils! can't you fork' out any other name but that?' Afterwards I could have knocked my head againBt the wall, for Belle was vexed, and I just said the first thing that came to my tongue 'without thinking, and felt lowered after, you -see, before her and Lockstud, who never forgets himself. He only bowed, and said like a gentleman, he was sorry it was too late; the child was registered CeciL Hang me I but that fellow is a gentleman, every inch of him. I wish I was more like him.' Goldwin, for the sake of his wife, had been ' doing his utmoBt to emulate the gentlemen she extolled as' examples of :good breeding, but he was everlastingly the victim of a faux pas, saying things better left unsaid, and treading unwit tingly on other people's toes, though his blunt honesty and generous principles, made him many friends.- He felt .shame faced after having decried the child's name for no especial reason given, and in such ?unpolished vulgar terms of expression, and .he felt shamefaced now as he alluded to it }: but i sudden surprise chased anything like remorse completely away. Washington's hand was lifted from the oat's back, and, being converted into a fist, came down on the table with, the force of a falling brick, to make his pipe dance, the glasses jingle, and to send Cicero leaping in terror from his lap. ?« A gentleman, you oall him I' beetled, bis voice actually shaking with passion ; and he was not a violent man, but for the nonce it seemed that he and Jerry had ex changed tempers — 'a gentleman I May all such gentlemen be hanged, quartered, and pitched into the sea, to rid the country of pests.' Goldwin, having recovered the shock of seeing the calm Larry suddenly frenzied, answered coolly — 'I know you're not in love with him/' 'No, I'm not; but'— he felt urged to say — ' but I know who is.' Yet, feeling this to be premature, he stopped short. This allusion to Lookstud had quickened his desire for a shot at him — had stirred a smouldering fire to blaze. With a credit able effort to control his wrath, he allowed his voice to fall before he continued : ' See here, mate ; I want to ask you a question.' 'Ask away, WaBh ; it is ' just nine. Belle is sitting with Mrs. Calliport to-night; she's given , up a, party to sit with her, and she's that unselfish she won't hear of me troubling to go for her, but says the footman can escort her home ; but I am going to give myself the pleasure — not the trouble — to call in stead of the fof tman. She 'will stay till 10, eo there's time for a hundred questions and answers.' Washington, unheeding this rambling allusion to Mrs. Goldwin's eelf-donial, made no reference to it, but put forth his question — . 'What would you think of ,a'ohap standing by, and seeing a sarpent at* another man's feet, in the grass, unbe known to that man, just on the point of running his fangs in his heels to do for him, if that chap didn't do his best to throttle the serpent, and call off that man, the man, mind, being his best friend, too — now what would you think, or what would you do ?' ' I'd lynch him,' decided Jerry at once, with a pull at his glass for a draught of hot toddy. ' You'd lynch him. Very well, now you have said it. Whatever happens, re member, you urged me to do it, or sent me to be lynched.' Here Larry sprang from his chair like a Jaek-in-tiie-box, and began to pace the parlor for a few seconds; his . hands under his coattails, his face full of contortion. Figuratively he was shouldering arms, and about to level a musket at Lockstud, with a preliminary poke of its bayonet iu Goldwin's eides. Cicero, who had been hesitating whether to spring into his lap again or not, now walked after him, stopping when he stop ped, and rubbing his whiskers against his beloved master's boots. Larry turned his ferret eyes on Gold win's broad rosy self satisfied face, now expressing curiosity, and something stuck in his throat. Presently, with difficulty and not alto gether in Ms natural voice, he spoke again — *« Jerry, old fellow, you know — you must know I'd hold my right hand in a blazing fire, and let it scorch, to powder, to save you from harm. And, thunder ! I'm scorching up now, but I can't hold out no longer.' ' What's up, Wash?' asked Goldwin, with the self-satis'ied expression giving way to anxiety. He quite made up his mind that something was wrong at the office, and Lockstud at fault *rWhafs up? Don't beat about the bush. I know if tou talk like this it is no likht thing.' Larry thought he would let the truth, fall more .lightly by circumnavigating this way, so he' continued, levelling his musket to strike at his enemy far off, merely grazing -iiTin- however, with the bullet, which made an unexpected cannon to lodge in the bosom of Ms friend. ' Did you ever hear of the chap iu the play ? Joseph Surface was his name. I remember that. Shakspeare it was that wrote of Mm — no, it wasn't him ; it was — Dickens. No. it wasn't him, either — -never mind ; whoever it was, he knowed a thing or two of human nature at its worst when he made up Joseph Surface. Ha was an oily- tongued, double-faced villain, and you have Mm in your * gentleman,' Mr. Theodore LockBtud.' So part of the truth began to ooze and relieve the suffering of the speaker through the bursting of a «ort of mental ulcerous affection, a clot of bruised unhealthy biood, an ominous swelling ripe for the knife. Goldwin's praise of Locke tud had severed it as the keen edge of a lance ; it broke and disgorged itself in a loathsome flow, whick meant mitigation and a certain de liverance of stifled pain. The cat, receiving no encouragement from Washington, walked over to Jerry, Ms next best friend, and, standing upright on Ms Mndlegs, let his forepaws rest on Jerry's knees. .Terry's big hand stroked the dumb pet mechanically, while his im patience was manifested in a quick ' Well, go on, can't you?' . Larry's blundering musket-pike was pricking him a bit. But just then Larry could not go -on s he was mute for another few seconds-; for shnntinp- at Loekstud meant a shot at Jerry's wife, too j to expose one meant, to expose the other ; and perhaps he began to feel like 'Virginius did with, the weapon raised to plunge into the bosom of his sweet young daughter for honor's sake. ' Go on,' repeated Jerry — «« out with it, man. I'm ready to hear anything you have to tell me. Say there's a deficit some where in the books, and that Lockstud knows all about it. Only prove your words — -prove your -words.' ? Cicero, tired of standing, jumped con fidingly on to the arm of Goldwin's chair, to have his coat brushed rather roughly, Goldwin'a hand now working with an agitation wMch ran through Ms body and gave sharpness to Ms accents, Larry could mot prove Ms words — that was the 'worst of it — and he stood stock still and silent, knowing Jerry to be on- the wrong track, and- that Lockstud, if a thief of a kind, was no money-pilferer. After a painful pause, he began again — 'There ain't a deficit in the books that I know of. I can't prove anything— I only know I'm right. I tell you there's a serpent up to .mischief, and its , name isr Lockstud. You axe too fond of Mnvand-; he is too fond of— of somebody' else.' 'Opme and Bit down, can't youf ex claimed Jerry, his temper beginning to mount, and fly off in sparks. ' ** And don't* stand there like a ghost 1' 