THE COLDEH SUPPERS. Jgck Merry wax one of those, itn;k? devils with a gooti paying bniincts jii ' tnwii, and Ibl of trlemls in the couiitry clad' to see him when he frit inclitisd to seek a better .atmosphere, and 1-rmg ' down the latest lown-ialk in exchange for d truly rural welcome. At one .of those, hospitable houses of call he was invariably billeted in one partlottlar. chamb:r, and ao completely had he become, as it were a member of the -family, .that It was geucraily known as ' Jack's room." It happened, however, that one Christ- mastido'oor friend arrived as usual with out any formal intlmattcn, aud, clastic as the bonoe was, owing to the exigncica of tho festive ecabo there occurred soincthiac liko a block in tho dormltortal arrangements, ! which provided a ludlcrooi, if eventually satisfactory, sequel. Jack ivas an extra good mau outside a horse, ninl tho StifTrhirc Hounds being within hail of his fricutl General Jollitr.y's house— happily yclept Clover Hall—his little plan was us follows: To leavj Londoa early, got up lo tho, nines iu correct hunting toggery, liavingwired to his cromn to meet him with his hunter at tho railway station of riiiffton, the county town, where ho kept his modest stud, aud quite handy to his ultimate destination, astd groom further having orders to take his portmanteau on and wait for him at Clover ITaU. Now this faithful retainer bad many boon companions in Stilfton, and onco ho had seen Jack fairly mounted, and had duly admired tho general effect of horse and man, ho was in no (articular hurry tu start with tho im pedimenta. He kuew there was a local train in the afternoon just in timo to land hlni, if ho risked the uot unlikely chance 1 that Jack would " pursue" to tho bitter end. So it came to pais that, after having a good time with his pals, he delivered his master's belongtnss at desk, joat as tho General and Jack put in an appcaranco at the stables, and took over the tired quadru ped with a consciousness of having done ids duty. A bright idea suggested itself tn Jack. He comtnuuicatcd it - without loss ot time to . bis host. Ilia arrival was to be kept n secret ttll he burst upon the assembled party at dinner-time, which he, knew well would bo a real treat to his kind old friend Mrs Joliiboy, and, not being troubled with shyness, he never gave a thought to thereat. ".All right, my dear hoy," aaid the General, "you know your room's always the same." One conspirator only was admitted to this thrilling plot, and that was old Jeroboam, the family butler, who looked npon him as his very own, and loved to valet biui as well as to fill up his glass. Now Mrs Joliiboy, with a matronly mind full of household cares and anxiety as to the arrival and due bestowal of her numerous guests, .had stayed nt homo al| day, jofter '.having enjoined her husband not to efppjout too Into, as she filled him a stirrup-cup with her own fat hands, and started him off to tho meet. Iu good time all had bocu set in apple-pie order and her party, had assembled early, and by tea-time were as happy together ns need be. Among tho number ivaa a pretty American importation, Miss Mamie Starr, with plenty of dollure to enhance hor per sonal charms, and in connection with her the only hitch so far had occurred to nmr Mrs Jolliboy's wull-conatdcrcd plana. The room which abe was to occupy had not been used for aomo timo, and the fire refused to bum up, so Mr Joliiboy insisted on Manila' coming to lier own- quarters to rest a little before diuuer after her long journey. 11 I've had a fire lighted in my spare dressing room, doar, and you will be as cosy as possible there till dressing time, when your own room will bo ready for you," said tho old lady. Mamie " guessed she cottoned to a sort of strutcb after thoco tiresome cars." Mrs Joliiboy gave strict orders to the servants' not to como ucar btr room ttll dressing- time, as Miss Starr was tired, aud so waa she, and bado thorn especially warn - the General tlio moment bo came homo, lest ho should make a noise in bis dressing-room and ' disturb th'um. Mrs, Joliiboy showed Manilo into her second drcssiugrootn, where a blazing iiro abed a comfortablo light on a decidedly bachelor apanmont, with sporting pictures on tho walls, a hugo armchair, a portenlioua bootjack aud a most inviung bed, with dimity hangings to match tho window eur- V My 1 llow elegant 1" said Mamie, at oaco shedding her ucat travelling gown, and to Mrs Jolliboy's omuiemoDt, standing re vealed in a deshabilla which showed hor slight figure to perfection. . Auotkcrmhmto, and tho little shoes or "sUppera,' as alio called them traniatlanticully, were kicked off aud alio sprang upon tho bed, curlou her- self up aud shut her eyes. ' - ' Mrs Joliiboy threw aa eiderdown over her, 'and taking tho shoos, placed them- tidily " in the fint position " by tbo fireside, arranged the armchair so as to keep tho light off her eyes, and laid the cast-olf garment neatly folded ou a cbairlu a corner, then re treated into hor own room and softly . closed tho door, saying as sho went, " Havo agood sleep, my dear, and I will soud my maid to you when the dressing gong sounds." Jeroboam, having delivered tbc caution aa to noisoiu tho neighborhood of Mrs Joliiboy,; crabbed Jack's portuiaatcau, and they mounted tbo staircue with burglarious pre caution. Jack eleclod to act down his; traps in iho passage, aud there parted' with his "pink" aad his buddy, taps, and, content with a pair of slippers and a smoking jacket, crept quietly lu at the familiar door,, and by the dicker of the fire, which be dared not poke, made for the obalr be kuew so well sank contentedly Into its open arms and slept. ' The General, true to his ptomiso, made himself agreeable to ths guests downstairs, but kept tho secret of Jack's arrival, and out threo sleepers slept tho sleep of the just for a nico refreshing hour. Jack dreamt a delicious 'dream. He was, it was true, a bachelor, but let it not bo imagined for a moment that he ignored tho attractions of thu fair acx. On tho coutrary, ho waa only too soscuo- tible, and was wont to confess that he owed hia safuty cutiruly to uumbsri. Somehow it seemed to him that he waa in- huliug a subtle, purfumodaden sir, that a light regular bruathiug fell upon his intoning car, mid now and again a rustic as of feminine skirts. Ho arm was b&ngiug; over ono aide of thu big chair— a duiuty iittlo object was lu coutoct with his hand. Thorc could bo no mistake !— surely it wan a little fairy sliov. If there was oife thing "Jack " ivcut for it was protty oliues, and in- stiuciivcly ho held on to it with a lingering caress, and connected it vaguely, although tenantlesi, with the subtle perfumo aud the tantiUaing rualle. Suitdouly au uucarthly clamor pervaded the old house—it was the dressing gong. In a monieut Jack was wide owako and sitting up, and there in bts hand w«b the Utile treasure of hia dream, a dainty crea tion of ahiuicggolden leather, with tiny toes und taper heels and Uued with gotduu satin. Tho fire flickered up and shone upon it, amid all ths familiar surrounding of hia old quarters, and as it tlawuod upon him where be waa he marvelled Indeod at this strange accessory I Then that subtle perfume of wbleh be had dreamt assailed his nostrils afresh, and — yes —without a daubt this time a deep Hah, and a distinct " frou-frou " of garments no- masculine, attacked his ears. Barely had ho time to wneel round la the dirostlon of Ihose sweet - soenda , In that - least likely ptnev, and pena amazed at the vision of a golden head upon the pillow, ami ,% pair of silk-clad anklet peep ing from under the. eiderdown, when tho door of Mrs Joliiboy' room, which he could have sworn was lockod in usn.il, suddenly opened, and in railed that portly damo in a red Uir.nel rireiaiug-g'own, -with thetc com promising words on on her lips, " Now, darling, you must iroko tip f A loud scream folluwed, echoed by a long- drawn "Sakcs alive !" from tho fair occu- (rant of tho bed. as she finished a deliberate store round, and, having grasped the situa tion, disappeared bodily under the quilt. Mrs' Joliiboy sank slowly towards tho carpet in a jcllylikc condition, but Jack, with a hound, ivus just in time to catch her —stammering the while, " I beg your pardon — bow lovely— what " wla-u the passage door llow open, and iu rushed Bodkin, tho lady's moid. " Whatever is the matter, ma'am 1" weto the words that she said ; hut when she siw heratout mistress in handsome Jock's arms, nut! in a costume suggesting a' ballet, she, too, with an eldritch screech, collapsed. Jack was in agony. He couldn't lot the old luly go ; l.o couldn't help the maid ; he could'totMii see thoyonug lady j when in hmriud Jeroboam with n jug of hot water and Jack's evening clothes, and full right ovor the proitrato Bodkin. This was too much for Jack ; with ashoutoflaughtcr bo ficd frotn the room, going " in and out clover " over ihe butler and lady's-maid, and met tho General tcarinc along the corridor, purpte with baste, nnd horror at tho screams and laughter. " Another ol your practical jokes, Master Jack !" he began, almost angrily. " No, sir," roared Jack ; "not mlno this time, 1 swear. There a a ghost in my room, sir— the prettiest ohost I ever saw 1 She's in my bed I And she must be Cinderella' ghos7, General— hero's one of her shoes !' und ho looked fondly at Iho little article, of which somehow he had never lot go. The souud of tlio General' voice hid galvanised mm Joliiboy and Bodkin. Mamie, too, had broken cover, nnd, re- :ricving her remaining shoe, hopped Into Mrs Jolliboy's room, dragging with her both mistress andmaid. Whispered councils of war were held in the male and female camps, and ail agreed to keep the matter dark. After a storm comes a calm. Everyone dressed and came down as if nothing had happened. After dinner, oddly enough, Jack and' Mamie, who had made great friendv, found themselves sitting nlono in a conservatory. Mamio mndo a great point of poking (nit her little feet ono after tho other, nnd a remarkable fact wa thereby revealed. Notwithstanding that hor toilette was perfect in its harmony in every other respect, she had on nu odd pair of shoes— ono was qiiilo blu and shabby compared with the other. " 1 guess you aro looking st my odd slip pers, Mr Merry ? Well, 1 can't tell. Say I what can havo bccomu of tho fellow to this goldon ouo 1" Whereupon Jack went down upon his bended xnco aud said, as bo pro duced the miising item frotn his breast pocket, " I wonder if tills fits." And they took ao long to satisfy Jhcmiolvos, that they wcro looked upon us lost, nnd only fouud their way back back from fuiryliuul when tho wholo of tho rest of the party came trooping iu, and the oh! General gave utter ance to a thundering ' Who-o-oop !" Such a start cculd only lead to ono finish, aud among the wodding presents tho place of houor was civen to a ulsss vase from the bride to the bridegroom, containing tho identical golden slippers which served so prettily to bring them together. — The "World." 