The Golden Streak. A MINING STORY. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY 'BRYAN O'LYNN.' 'Below there?' 'Hallo!' 'I see a couple of likely-lookin' toffs comin' up the hill; sling a little salt into the next bucket you Rend up. P'raps they're on the lookout for n good spec, Bummat after the style of this 'ere Streak.' ' Right you are, mate. Pitch them a bit of a fairy tale while I break down a bucketful of Bpecimentß.' The speakers, Tom Dooley and Jim Murphy, were prospectors of the old school of miners who could talk in the language of experience of every gold field of note, pant and present, from the Thames to the Palmer; of Bendigo, Hill End, Tambaroora, the Tunint, Lambing Flat', Canoona, Gympie, the Cape, Gilbert, and many others; of the men and things they had met and seen, and the ' piles' they had made—nnd lost. For hours, round the camp fire tit night, they could recount their adventures with bushrangers in the ' good old days' of Hall, Morgan, e.t alii, when tbe Knights of the Bond were plentiful, and tell of the good things they had 'slung' at 'Murdering Gully' or 'Peggy's Flat' in the time when a pennywoight to the dish was not sonsidered' good enough to waste time over, while heavy, fabulouflly heavy, ' slugs' were >eing picked up at the very roots of the trees, and he nopper of the cradle frequently contained nore gold than the slides and ripples. Those rood times, alas ! had depaited; company pro noting had proved infinitely more payable than >ro« pec ting, and many old hands had found it nucn easier and more profitable to extract the gold rom the pockets of the city speculator than from he bowels of the earth. Such an opportunity tad not yet, however, fallen to the lot of Dooley md his mate. Always keeping 'outside,' their boast was that they had never worked for a master, and never would so long as there was 'tucker' to be made by prospecting. For was there not always the chance of a big thing being unearthed some (lay or other ? Was there not the exciting charm in the hnnt after the precious metal that causes the hardy prospector to forget the toils and priva tions inseparable from his calling, that renders him oblivious of the comforts of civilisation, even r>f home and family, and that has led to the dis covery of nearly every goldfield of note ? Thus it was that after years of gool and ill nek—principally the latter—those two men, Dividing mates of a quarter of a century, were, at the time our story opens, sinking a shaft on a >'aim which they had christened by the expressive nd seductive name of 'The Golden Streak.' following down a leader, or small reef, they had ound sufficient inducement in tho prospects to tontinne sinking until at tiOft. they reached the vatar level, and were seriously considering ho advisableness of abandoning the claim and locking elsewhero for the favours of the fickle rnddess. When the ' counln of toffs' appeared in sight kfurphy was working in the shaft, and l>ool«»y tanding on the brace with arms folded on the windlass barrel, listening moodily to tho sound of he pick wielded by his mate below. Hitching their horses to a saplinz, the visitors ipproached the shaft in that free an 1 easy way xwuliar to those who live 'outside' the whole year ound and can afford to abandon the stiffness of ociety for the genuine hospitality and good ellowship of the mining camp. ' Good day, mate,' said the younger of the two, greeting Dooley as he drew near. ' Making your tile, I suppose ?' he continued in a half- jocular, lalf-inquiring manner. ' They told ns at Sand itone that you hal something good down below,' minting down thn shaft. 'Well, they know a darned sight too much,' eturned Dooley. ' No, mate, we are not making >nr pile,; by no manner of manes. But you can we for yerself directly,' he ad led as the muffled vords ' Heave up!' were heard from the depths of he shaft. 'We got a bit of a change last night, nd this is our first bucket to-day.' Putting his brawny muscles to work he hauled he bucket to the surface, and turned out the snntont's on a cleared spot prepared for it. ' Not bad-looking tack,' lie remarked, breaking piece of quartz by striking it azainst another »ioce, and handing it to the new comers. 4By Jove! no,' exclaimed the younger man, and here's a pr tty specimen,' he continued, ex libiting as he spoke a In up of honeycombed |iiartz containing coarse gold in its crevices and oints, 'What do you think of this, Bob?'he Hnquiml, turning to his companion, whose eyes Hvere fixed with a peculiar fierce stare on the ' Why you look, man, as if you would it with you? eyes,' he said, laughing. H The last remark was justified by the expression Hf eager greed that showed itself in the eyes of man to whom he spoke, who continued to gaze starting eyeballs at the specimen, apparently of all around. H 'Yes,'soliloquised Dooley, loud enough for the Hthers to hear, and with a sidelong glance at them while. * Yes ft change there is right enough.' then putting his head over the mouth of the Hhaft he shouted down: H 'Below! Come np, old man, and have a blow, tell ns how she's looking.' H ' Right you are!' came from the bottom, the Hbrindlass was again put in motion, and in a short the mud-l>egrimed features of Mnrphy, fol by his brawny shoulders and Herculean Hrame, appeared above the surface. Harold Raymond was the only son of a physician was reputed to be wealthy, hut whose specu lations on tne Stock Exchange, mora especially in stocks, left his heir at his decease of but a very slender inheritance. had received a fair education, bnt a dislike for any of the pr Sessions by which Hume and fortune might have been won. And he HKad fallen in love with Alice Trevor, the only Hjaughter of his father's old friend, Mr. Trevor. HJenior partner in the great mercantile lionße of HjVevor, Turnover, and Jinks. HJ A han Isotne. manly yonng fellow of 22. Harold HJras universally liked and esteemed. Tall and Hjrell-proportioned, his countenance expressive of Blindness, truth, and courage, it was little wonder Hfeiat his friendship was everywhere valned. and Hnat he was a general favourite. And when it was ■^hinpored that Mr. Trevor, on learning the true HJtate of the young fellow's finances, had forbidden HJim to pay his addresses to Alice, much sympathy Hftas felt for Harold, and everybody was sorry when Hft became known thnt he was preparing to leave Hr the far North—Mie Ultima Thule of colonial Hftvilisation—and was already bidding good-bye to HJift friends. HJ Two rears before, when Harold's prospects HJppmfeq mil that wm desirable, Alice's father had luoktnl with pleiiHUi'e on Lho growing fondnebs of the young people for ouo another, and had wel comed the prospect of his daughter's marriage with the son of the fashionable physician. But with Dr. Raymond's death and the revelations with regard to thn disastrous nature of his speculations namn the discovery that Harold and Alice had grown too friendly, and that the affair must be stopped at once and with a strong hand. Accordingly he intimate! to the astonished and indignant Harold that any serious thoughts of a union with Alice which he might have entertained must now be relinquished. He would always, he assured him, look upon the young fellow as a son; but to receive him as a son-in-law was out of the question. Stung to the quick by this mercenary conduct on thn part of one whom he had hitherto looked upon as scarcely less even than his own father, the impersonation of all that was noble and disinterested, Harold resolved to leave for the North, to forget that he had ever been happy, and to endeavour toenrve out a fortune for himself amid strangers. Friends of his late father offered him pecuniary assistance; he declined it gently but firmly. Several situations —positions of truht and well paid—were open to him, but he shrank from the ordeal of a novitiate in red tape and sealing wax, in high stools and long columns of figures. Even Alice Trevor's tender reproaches and entreaties failed to affect his re solution. Alice loved Harold with the whole strength of her nature, and her grief at his departure was deep and heart-rending. ' I will dream of you, Harold, night and day,' she sobbed as she clung to her lover. 'In all your dangers and trials and sufferings I will be with you. 1 will be near you. Oh my love, my love !' Harold always remembered those words, and in due time he knew that, in no ordinary sense, they had proved prophet c. He strove to calm her, picturing the possibilities that lay before a man with even a small capital in a new country, where the mineral wealth was incalculable. Might he not discover a mountain of gold that would enrich him and make his name famous ?—and a good deal more to the same effect. The parting at length was over, and with mutual promises of eternal fidelity the lovers had said tliair last good- bye, and Harold, full of hope, yet with a sad heart, left for the North amidst the regrets and good wishes of his friends. Harold's intentions were at first vague and in definite. He intended to trust largely to chance. He had a few hundred pounds, and would travel in Be irch of a good investment for his limited capital. But he hoped to find some one to take counsel with. It was his first entrance upon the real business of life. Hitherto he had never had occasion to trouble himself about pecuniary matters. Everything fell to his hand as he required it; but now things were changed. Alone in the world, he looked anxiously for a ' guide, philosopher, and friend'; and he found —Robert Hargreaves. Amongst Harold's fellow-passengers Hargreaves appeared to invite his confidence whd« endeavour ing at the same time to keep aloof from the others, shunning observation to an extent that bordered on eccentricity. He was a man of about 45 years of age, and wan apparently well educated, notwithstanding thnt he represented himself as having been engaged in mining pursuits. But although he professed to have been accustomed to hard work, his hands, white and taper as a lady's, did not appear to have suffered from his toil. His face, which was almost covered with a black beard, was snt and determined, and the piercing eyes, Ret deep beneath neavy eyebrows and on either side of a nose of rounded and rather Jewish type, appeared never to close or to be at rest. In conversation Hargreaves was agreeable and affable. He knew thn North and its goldfieldu from end to end, and gave Harold valuable in formation regarding his chances of a good specu lation. As for himself, he said he was going to try his luck at prospecting. Several payable finds had been reported lately, and he intended pushing out into the unexplored country in tho hope of fortune smiling upon him. ' Why should not they go together?' inquired Harold, who had become quite at home with his new-found frfond. There was no reason, of course, why they should not try tbeir luck together; and before they reached the port of debarkation it had been decided that they should become partners in whatever might offer in the coarse of a prospecting tonr, Harold Raymond contributing to the capital of the partnership in money and Robert Hargreaves in practical knowledge. Pushing out north-west, Hargreaves counselled the avoidance of the large mining centres, and when pressed for a reason for this said that he was afraid to trust Harold—inexperienced and unsuspicious ar he was—among the sharks of the mining world who, hn said, infested the large towns. Harold humoured his companion, and they spent a couple of months in journeying over the auriferous and argentiferous areas of the North, camping at times for days together in opder to test Rome likely looking placo. Even tually they reached the little mining township of Sandstone, where they heard of the workings of a few scattered prospectors twenty miles away ; and thus it came to pass that we find them seated on the brace of The Golden Streak shaft, whence Murphy has just emerged mud-begrimed and wet. After leaving the gloom of the shaft Jim Murphy's eyes did not accustom themselves to the glare on the surface for a few seconds, and the first object they fell upon when their vision became distinct was the face of Hirgreaves, who was still gazing at the specimen. ' Jacqueß, by thunder!' he exclaimed in a startled voice, ' or his ghost!—Howly ' What he might have added was checked on his lips, as Hargreaves, whose face had suddenly paled, interrupted him quickly. ' My name'is Hargreaves.' he said in a strangely excited yet commanding tone,' my friend here and I are on the lockout for a good investment. I suppose you couldn't lay us on to anything good ?' ' It must have been the glare after comin' out of the shaft,' muttered Murphy. ' Yet, by Jingo, he did look like the fellow.' Then aloud he said: ' I don't know, mate. There's not much show for company promotin' up this ere way, eh, Tom ? What d'ye say, old man, if we float this bloomin' Streak inter a shyndicate, or a limited 100 sort of consarn, where the floaters gits the bunts and the other fellers have to pay the piper ?' and Murphy laughed as he strode away to change his clothing. Harjrreaves appeared greatly interested in the claim, and in answer to many inquiries the visitors learned that the present holders had fol lowed down a gold-bearing leader until the rock became hard, and the water troublesome, and they h*d been forced to spend their la*t shilling in the purchase of blasting materials. It was hard now, Dooley wailed, that the water should come in so fast as soon as they got a bit of a change that nothing short of a pump and engine would enable them to work it ' Ail tins and a good deal more did (he old pros ctor tell hit hearan. ' Why not take in a couple of partners witli a littlo capital . thoy inquirc'd. ' Well, no,' \viv« the reply. ' Murphy aud he hatl worked as mates for h've-and-twenty years, and they weren't, going in for shyndicating now. They were tired, though, of fighting against the wuter, nn d—y eß ; they would Bell. They wanted toclear out to Western Australia. What figure ? He would have to nee his°mate.' The outcome of all this was that the negotiations Mided, after Harp-eaves, who had descended as fur 13 the water which had accumulated in the shaft .vould allow, had reported favourably, in the purchase by Harold, on behalf of himself and partner, of the right, title, and interest in the claim and appurtenances of the original prospec tors of The Golden Streak. As a mining proprietor and practical miner Harold gave evidence of the possession of such energy and determination —known colloquially as ' real grit*—as are necesßary in men following the vocation he had chosen. A steam pump was placed on the claim after difficulties had been overcome in the way of transit over broken country that would have disheartened w«aker men. Hargreaves, too, proved himself thoroughly competent to grapple with the diffi culties that surrounded them. He remained at the claim putting everything in order. A neat and comfortable bark humpy had been erected to hold two beds in the sleeping compartment, with a table at the head of each, con structed of boards obtained from packing cases. And then, when the shaft had been pumped dry, they began work in earnest, Hargreaves initiating Harold into the method of pumping, holding and striking a drill, and other work incidental to mining. They looked in vain, however, for the ' change of country' referred to by the former proprietors, or for a continuation of the golden Btone of which they had seen such rich specimens. Gradually it dawned upon them that they had k>een ' sold.' There wan the leader, sure enough ; but the best prospect they could obtain was fine colours of free gold. Always morose and unsociable, Hargreaves became more so when any thing went wrong, and now he spent whole nights walking about muttering curses against the hard ness of his luck. Harold was disappointed, it is true, but he took a brighter look at the prospect than his com panion. Doolfiy's last words had been in the nature of a prophecy: 'If ever ye git out of that hard rook, chaps,' he said after pocketing his share of the net proceeds of the tale, ' if ever ye sit into soft country, with a sandstone formation, yell git heavy gold, and lashins ay it. That's my tip.' Harold thought of this. The lender had been rich on the top ; perhaps it would become rich again. Or was all the richness on the surface ? Might The Golden Streak be aptly described in the lines of Moore as . . . Like the Lageman mine Where sparkles of golden splendour All over the surface shine. Rut if in pursuit we go deeper, Allured by the gleam that slionr, Ah, false as the dream of the sleeper, liike love, the bright ore is Rone. Both men in time recovered somewhat from their despondency, and worked away harder than ever sinking their shaft, and looking for the change that did not come. Explosives were costly and difficult to procure. Ration* were dear, and Harold's capital diminished at an alarming rate. Btill they worked on. At length they became aware that they were without money—at the end of their tether. But they struggled manfully. Hargreaves appeared to be fascinated by Rome thing in the shaft, for he worke I in it from morn ing till night, scarcely ever leav.ng it save to snatch a hasty mouthful and descend again. He deemed imbued with the convict on that the soft country and thn gold would eventually come. And come they did! One day, quite suddenly, they struck stone phenomenally rich—rich beyon'l their wildest hopes. HaroM was quite childish in his gladness. Hargreaves's eye* lighted up with that fierce glare sometimes before noticed in them by Harold, but now more apparent than ever. He was, however, none the less o.uttious and self-contained. Harold would have trumpeted forth their success to the world, but Hargreaves counselled extreme caution. If the news of the find spread abroad, he said, the place would be rushed. Let them keep matters quiet until they had satisfied themselves, and then let the world know of it. Dooley and Murphy were still working some shallow ground a few nfiles away with indifferent success. They had aban doned the idea—if they ever entertained it—of going to Western Australia; but they never visited the scene of their labours at the ' Streak'; perhaps the reason for their absence was not far to neck. Hargreaves's advice was acted upon, and the lucky partners began to accumulate their gold, taken without difficulty from the leader, which though small was of extraordinary richness. In leRB than six weeks they had obtained nearly 2000oz. This they had deposited in a hiding-place in the ground, and from time to time they in creased their golden store, Harold's spirits rißing with each fresh deposit. He bid written to Alice telling her of his good fortune, and detailing at length his plans for the future, when he had become as wealthy as he had dreamed of being, which he assured her was only a matter of time. And then, as suddenly as it had come, the rich ness of the leader became exhausted, leaving it more barren than ever it had been. Btill Har greaves haunted the shaft. Again he became moody and despondent, and cursed himself and his luck. He worked night and day to recover the lost reef, but without avail. Christmas was near at hand, and the proprietors of The Golden Streak worked harder than ever. Harold had received a letter from Alice's father, a pitiful epistle certainly, but one that brought hope to Harold, even though the news it contained was by no means reassuring. Alic -, after the departure of her lover, the old man wrote, gave way beneath the burthen of this her first great sorrow, and, though she never uttered a word of reproach, her father, seeing her day after day becoming thinner, sadder, and more fragile, pining away slowly but surely, now accused himself of being the cause by his calculat ng and mercenary conduct, which he had come to see in its true light. His love for his child was intense, and his dread at the thought of losing her so great that he wrote to Harold asking forgiveness for the pain he had caused'him, and inviting him to return. Immediately on receiving this letter Harold suggested to Hargreaves that they should abandon the claim and with the large quantity of gold now in their possession return to civilisation. It seemed hopeless to continue seeking after a eon tinnation of the golden shoot, and lie advispd their speedy departure. To this HargreaveH objected so fiercely Hnd with so much vehemence that Harold did not mention the subject again. His companion fell into one of his despondent fits, from which he suddenly woke op, all smiles ; and reverting to the matter of abandoning the i:luini, much to Harold's astonishment, he ucquioKced in the proposal; and it was definitely arranged that their departure bliouli! take place on the day following Christmas Day. In the meantime their arrangements were being made. The gold was packed securely in pnek-bags, and Harold looked forward eagerly to thn dny on which he was to set out once more for home and civilisation. Christinas Eve came, hot and sultry. Harold had ridden over to the township on the previous day to procure uome necessaries for their journey, and was not expected back before evening. During the morning Hargreaves walked moodily about the camp, deep in thought, starting ever and anon with scowling brow at the slightest noise. Suddenly he aroso from a log where ho had been sitting for several hours, and hastened into the hut. His face was fiendish in its expres sion, and well it might, be, for he had been meditating and planning hellish work ; aud now he was about to put it into operation. Approach ing the improvised table at the head of Harold's bed, he lighted a candle, which was inserted in a hole bored through the top, by the light of which Harold was in the habit of reaJing at night as he lay in bed. After contemplating the candle for some moments Hargreaves's next proceeding was to bore a long hole through the length of the candle, close to the wick, and to within about 2in. of its top. He then went out to the magazine, situated some distance from the claim, and returned with a large plus; of dynamite, a detonating cap, and a length of fuse. Inserting the fuse in the hole bored in the candle, he drew it through the hole in the table, into which he inserted the end of the candle. To the other end of the fuse he attached the cap and dynamite, and drawing them under neath Harold's bed he placed the infernal machine under the pillow in such a manner that no trace of it could Le seen. ' Curse him !' he muttered as he surveyed his work. ' Curse him, why did I leave it so long ? Why did I not drop a strfne on his head long ago ? That would have settled him, and then—all mine, all mine! Pleasant dreams to him to-night, and a merry Christmas to him to-morrow. Ha! ha!' and with a terrible malediction on the head of the unfortunate man whom he had doomed to so - terrible a death Hargreaves went out from the hut. It was late in the evening when Harold arrived, tired after his long ride over the broken and hilly country. The absence of Hargreaves from the camp did not surprise him, as he frequently went to look after the horses in the evening. A thunderstorm was gathering in the west. Heavy clouds were rolling up, and brilliant flashes of forked lightning illuminated the sky at intervals. After eating heartily of the supper which Har greaves had left by the fire for him Harold went into the hut, and lighting his candle threw him self upon the bed with the intention of reading one of the two-month-old papers he had brought with him from the township. Soon, h iwever, sleep overcame Harold, and he dozed off. The thunder rolled and the lightning flashed without, but he heeded them not Within all was peace and quietness; the candle burning slowly, its flame fanned by the wind, which reached it through the chinks in the walls of the humpy. The sleeping man smiled. He was dreaming, and in his sleep he murmured the name of his loved one. He was in Sydney once more. It was Christinas Eve at Ashburton, and Alice was the most beautiful of tiie lovely bevy assembled at her father's house. She looked to him as he dreamed liked some angelic being from the other world, dazzlingly beautiful. All was happiness in Harold's dream. The candle continued to burn, the grease rolling down its sides from the effects of the wind, which howled and roared outside. ■ Tho storm had now attained terrific force. Heaven had opened its parks of artillery as if to protest, one might sup pose, against the foul deed about to be done in the prospectors' lonely hut among the Northern ranges. And still Harold Raymond Rlept on. His dream changed. Darkness and gloom suc ceeded the brilliancy of the previous scene. Aline stood alone amid the hlacknexs that surrounded her. Her eyes were fixed appealingly on Harold, and her hands were held out to him imploringly. She struggled to speak, but her speech seemed to be denied her. Nearer and yet nearer she approached, and then at last she shrieked : 1 Harold ! Harold! my love. Save! Oh save !' and with the cry she disappeared into the dark ness. Harold awoke with a terrible feeling at his heart. The cry of his dream was still ringing in his ears. It sounded as if it came from outside the hut, where the storm was at its height. Harold rushed to the door, which flew open at his touch, and a great gust of wind and rain blew into the hut and extinguished the light. Harold stood at the door trembling in every limb. Just then a blinding flash of lightning illuminated the forest. ' Great heaven!' exclaimed Harold. Standing on an eminence the form of a man— of Hargreaves—was plainly visible, outlined against the trunk of a large ironbark tree, with arms outstretched, and on his face a demoniacal smile. Another moment and a second dazzling flash of lightning followed the first, shooting u own on the spot where Hargreaves stood. It smote the giant tree against which he was leaning, shattering it to pieces. Then all was dark. Harold stood rooted to the spot, transfixed with horror at the sight. The storm had sptnt its fury and was now passing away, and Harold, shouting the name of his companion, approached the spot where the lightning so short a time before had revealed his presence. The tree was levelled to the ground, and under neath a huge fragment of its mighty trunk was the mangled bat still breathing form of Hargreaves. Close beside him lay a dead horse fnlly packed. Two hours later Harold, assisted by Dooley and Murphy, the original proprietors of The Golden Streak, was straining every nerve to remove the weight of timber under which Hargreaves lay. A smothered moan, or an imprecation, which the toilers occasionally heard, growing weaker and fainter each time it was uttered, gave evidence that life was not yet extinct. At length the tree was shifted, and with great difficulty Hargreaves was conveyed to the hut. A slush lamp, which Dooley held, illuminated the pallid feature* of the Hying-man, whose face, whiefi was uninjured though blackenei and bloody, glared with a ferocious expression upon the men who had rescued him from his terrible position. Harold held a pannikiß containing brandy to the lips of the dying man, but he scarcely noticed it. 1 Light—light—the candle,' he whispered in gasps. Dooley went to the table and took thn candle from the hole to light it at the slush lamp, when the fuse attached to the terrible engine of destruction under the pillow of Harold's bed was at once discovered. The dying wretch, as he saw that kit scheme had failed, ottered a horrible m- precation, which was follower! by a stream of blood gushing from his month. He was dead. The three men, horror-stricken at what they had witnessed, left the hut and went out together into the night rather than remain for ever no short a space in the presence of the dead man within. When daylight broke they found the dead horse lying as they had seen him the night before near the shattered tree, packed, ready for a journey. In the pack-bags was every ounce of the gold which had been taken from The Golden Streak. Great was the joy of Harold Raymond's friends when he returned and took his old place among them. And the hue of health returned to Alice's cheek once her lover was restored to her. Harold wan offered and accepted a partnership in the great mercantile house of Trevor, Turnover, and Jinks, rendered vacant by the convenient retire ment of Mr. Jinks; and before the following Christmas Kve he had th? happiness of we'eoming Alice to her home and his in a charming suburb of Bydney. The death of Hargreaves, with the accompanying circumstance*, caused a great sensation among the outside camps in the far North, where the incident is still related round the camp fire br D>oley and Murphy. Murphy insists that Hargre%ves was identical with a notorious character named Jacques, who had,' once upon a time,' narrowly escaped lynching at the hands of an infuriated crowd of miners ("of whom Murphy himself wan one) for the alleged murder of his mate by dropping a heavy stone on his head when working down a shaft at Blaokfellows' Gnlly. The after history of The Golden Streak is written in the chronicles of the Warden's Court at Sand . ntine, which, owing to th 9 notoriety it obt lined in connec ion with the incidents above related, became for a time rather an important mining centre. The mine had a varied career after its abandonment by Harold; but that more money was put into it than was ever taken out again is proved by the fact that in the list of companies —'limited 100 consarns,' as Murphy used to call them—wound up in compulsory liquidation ap pears the name of 'The Golden Streak Gold Mining Company, Limited.' 