LETTERS TO BOYS.— No. XLVI. STILL IN ROME. After our lunch the guide took me to St. Paul's without the walla. Here was built the first Christian church in Rome — by Constan tine— part of which still temains. But for the moBt part tne moaern ib a restored ouiiainp. There are eomo very fine mosaics of the sixth century and eome wonderful mosaic portraits of Popes. There are two very fine columns of alabaster given by Mebemet Ali and some fine malachite given by the Russian Emperor Nicholas, and some granite columns given by Charles Albert, King of Sardinia, marble floor, mosaic ceiling, acd all sorts of gorgeous work. Here, it is said, St. Paul was buried and before his tomb lamps are ever burning. But it ia really wearisome to try and remem ber half the things you are told at such a place. On the road is n, little chapel at the spot where St. Paul and St. Peter shook hands and said good-bye to one another before St. Paul's martyrdom— at least ?where they are said to have shaken hands and said good-bve, which will do just as well for those who wish to believe it. I really wish I could— heartily. AH along tho road at about every SO yards are little pens which I couldu't understand at all. The guide told mo they were for foot pas sengers to take refuge from the furious cattle which used to be driven alon™ that road to the the Russian markets, but which is not allowed now. The walls of Rome are 18 miles in circum ference : I fancy moBt of the work is of the middle age;. 1 nexe went to the Baths of Caracalla — wonderful ruins covering 300 acres, nearly two of our preliminary sections — tier upon tier of baths, hot and cold, steam and dry, ewimming, and everything else, all originally faced with marble and full of niches, each of which had a fite statue. These baths took 4,000 slaves upwards of five years to build- Some of the arches were 75 ft. high. You can follow the ground plan of these baths throughout. Those of Diocletian were etill much larger; but thcRS latter are nearly total ruins. In these 3, 200 persons could b&Uieatonce;, eoyonoan fancy what accommodation they liad for bathing in those days. There were 1C aqueducts coming into Rome, which brought in as much water as now flows io the Seine by Paris, Nothing in Borne eo impressed me with the magnificence of its ancient power and the glory of its people as the long lines of aqueducts still running across the plains, most of them in ruins. Some six or eight, the guide told me, have been re stored and were now in use ; but they were all bnilt with such remarkable solidity that the remains of those not restored still stand perfect except when they have been deliberately de stroyed, originally by the Goths to cut off the water when they besieged Rome, and since by all sorts of enemies, and perhap3 none worse than those of their own household. Of a moon light night I can fancy these very ghost-like— like backbones of some huge monster wriggling across the plain. I should be almost afraid to go near them at night. They nearly called back the sentiment whioh St. Peter's had driven out of my head. I visited the Lateran Church. This ranks highest, because it ib in respect of this that the Pope is bishop, as the inscription over the en trance says, 'The mother and head of all churches.' It has been three or f oar times de stroyed and rebuilt, but there is a good old age even about this modern building, which is of 1370\. Of course it is marvellously rich in sculp tures and paintings and so on, but these things in this style of architecture never charmed me to begin with and have now quite tired me out, and I didn't stay in it long. Close by is a queer little church or building called Soala Santa, to get up to which you must go on your knees up a flight of steps, 20 or 30 or so. These are marble, but the marble is so worn by the knees of the faithful that it has to be here and there cased with wood. The steps were crowded with people crawling up them on their knees when I was there. I was irreverent enough to think that there must be something very tine at the top in order to induce me to go up in that manner. But the only reason is that it is said these steps were in the houso of Pontius Pilate at Jerusalem and that Christ walked up them. I should like to see the proof of this statement. Then I went to the Coliseum. The first time I saw it I didn't realise its vastnesa as much as I did the second time. It used to seat 100 000 people. Here the Christians were ' butchered to make a Roman holiday,' ex posed to the lions and tigers, whose dens still in many parts are perfect. And here the gladiators fought). It took 150,000 Jewish pri soners under Vespasian four years to build. If some people could get their way I dare say the Jews in many places would be put to some similar use now-a-daye. My antiquarian guide told me that at some emperor's triumph (he mentioned his name) 10,000 people were killed in 100 days. I dare say he was righb. I had read of these things, but unfortunately bad forgotten all the particulars. The walls, which remain, are 180 ft. high and the arena alone is 18S by 280 ft., eo you can have some slight idea of the size. I went of course into the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican. At the entrance were the Pope's celebrated Swiss guards in uniform — blue coats and striped yellow and black stockings, They are not allowed to appear elsewhere in Rome in uniform, and the Romau troops do not appear in uniform within the Vatican. There are fine frescoes in the Sistine by Michael Angelo, setting forth the early history of the world from the creation of light to the drunkenness of Noah, and the life of Christ from His baptism to .the resurrection, which took 10 years to paint. The altar is of ivory, mother ot pearl, and tortoise shell, in mosaic, and took 20 years to work. There is a very clever picture by Raphael of the Angel de liveriDg St. Peter from prieon, in which you cannob realise .that the prison bars are not really iron bars across the front of the picture. Raphael's celebrated 'Last Judgment,'' too, is here. The ceilings are full of fine paintings, and the floors in elegant mosaic. Bub I was pleased with the lovely wood carving of the doors and window shutters. I agree with Professor Aitcheson in his lectnre in the Tunes of 23th of January, which I have just read, that the Gothio architecture was never equalled for kindling sentiment and reverence, although I totally and vehe mently differ with his assertion that that archi tecture will not compare with the architecture of the future and will become a mere antique curiosity. Certainly there is nob the remotest sign of any such an architecture of the future as yet. But how can he tell what the future will give? Iftbe future is to be judged by the present itwill havea vary ginger-bread and gaw gawy set of architecture indeed. If this pro fessor be such a clever fellow as to be able to outshine Westminster Abbey or Milan Cathe dral, for example, I should very much like to see some signs of his handiwork. If not, 1 should think he had better not talk such non sense about) our grand old cathedrals. This by the way. Tho carriages of the Roman nobility are well appointed and the horses good, although many of the cab horses looked too much like if they were teaching them to live on shavings. I look upon Rome as one of the finest cities I have sedn, very clean and very well kept. There 13 a lot of lovely ironwork in the old middle-age buildings, though nob quite so ex quisite as in Venice. In many of the now back streets, too, you will every here and there come across a fine head carved in the wall or some grand antique columns, remnants of tne glories of the past. Many of the old temples and other grand buildings had been quice buried and lots of the old city is still 39 and 40 ft. underground. They are gradually unearthing it. The capitals of some very beaubif ul columns of the Temple of Minerva just appear for a few feet above the street. This is presently to be excavated. You see the palace of the Ca??ars on a nice rise, with the Emperor's box looking down on the Circus Maxitnus, which held three hundred and eighty thousand people. This is 2,600 ft. across, and it is also going to be excavated. You are shown the very spot where Brutus stabbed Cissar and whero Marc Antony made bis celebrated oration. But I was not able to test the localities. They may be as apocryphal as Pontius Pilate's marble steps or the chair of St. Peter. Yet I think there is more probability in these sites beinp fixed with approximate correctness than in respect of many of the legends as to saints' relics. Others may differ and each has a right to his own opinion. Other antiquities and churches were pointed out to me, but I won't bother myself with repeating, for after all in Rome it becomes repetition — there is such a wonderful mass of it. I was eorry that I could nob see the church which women are not allowed to enter except at the Sundays in Lent. I had for gotten tho name of it and so could not tell the guide, and he did not seem to know of it. At other times than those Sundays ladies are only allowed to look into the church through a grating. Another injustice to lovely woman. As bad or, indeed, worse than Durham Cathedral. Of course I went to the catacombs. I went by the Appian Way — the old Roman road that went all the way to Brindisi— all paved. Along the road are high walls, which often obstruct the view, erected to shelter the vines. Many tombs of old Romans of fame in their respec tive days have been discovered along this road, and many grand tombs needed no discovery. Some of these are huge buildings standing up like the old English ruined castles of the middle ages. .That of Cecilia Metella, the wife of CiassuB the Triumvir, is in shape and size exactly likoTrematon Castle in Cornwall, near Saltash. This tomb was at one time all paved with marble, as indeed almost all the public and quasi-publio buildingB were originally. But all the marble and statuary from the baths, the Coleseum, the temples, the tombs, and other grand buildings of ancient Rome has been, the guide told me, ruthlessly taken away from time to tima by popes and cardinals to decorate their churches and the houses and palaces of themselves and their hangers-on. And if Archbishop Vaughan is to bo per mitted to pray for the speedy restoration of the temporal poorer of the pope?, it is to be permitted to the Romans to Dray to the con trary. And were I Roman I should so pray very fervently and would back my prayer behind a musket if necessary, as I have no doubt the Romans will. We passed the Circus Maxentiue, the smallest circus in Rome, and the guide took me aside to see an Egyptian obelisk, which was found buried here a little while ago, brought by these old Roman conquerors from Egypt. There are twelve boxes for the horse chariots to stand in prior to starting on their race still existing tolerably perfecb, except that the marble with which they were faced has been taken away. Cecilia Matella's tomb was once faced with marble, which has aUo gone. The ^catacombs are cut in the rook, which, I believe, is volcanic ; and the guide told me that Cardinal Wisemau, in a book on thB subject, said that they altogether made up 300 leagues, and that this was fortified by one of the Jesuits who had also written on the subjeot. Six millions of people have been buried there. They are little narrow streets or lanes about a yard wide and 8 or 10 ft. high, with recesses all along like wine bins in a wine cellar for the coffins end bodies. You couldn't possibly find your way back without a guide. The place is a perfect labyrinth, and yon and the guide both carry tapers. Here and there was a collection of smaller recesses for the coffins of poor little children. 1 saw two or three skeletons— one or two in coffins : I forget whose, and it really doesn't matter. I think they were of people of more or less distinction in their day. There are underground chapels — of course small — and tombs of Popes, frescoes on the walls, and everything to make it an appropriate city for the dead. I forget much of what I read in my early days about theso catacombs, and if I hadn't it wouldn't be worth telling you what you can read better and more fully about in books; what I bad read, however, made me desirous of seeing them and gave me great interest in the actual inspection. The place belongs to the Trappist monks, to whom you pay a fair enough charge— 2 francs— I think for yourself and in cludes tho guide ; and they seem to keep it in fair order, at least the parts within comfortable reach of the entrance. I should be sorry to liavo to inspect the whole. Thete monks at their little building over the entrance sell guide-books, crucifixes, and little article of jewellery, and I think relics. They had no guide-book in English, only in French and Italian.' I wondered at this, as there is no doubt that the English and Americans together exceed any other one nationality, ex cept the Italians themselves. I bought a little mosaio cross— not a crucifix — for a trifle. The good monk asked me if he should bless it. For the moment I was a little Bnrprised, and Martin Luther and indulgences flashed across my mind. But I promptly re covered. As it cost nothing and as I thought blessing could do no harm and might do some good I responded yes and handed it to him to bless. He accordingly took it, said a few words, and made a sign or two over it and re turned ib to me, and I thanked him. And now I have it I don't know what I shall do with ib. It is mosaio work and I fear I can hardly wear it myself, and as it is inferior workmanship and I think nob gold I don't ex pect your sister will wear ib. However, I have carefully marked it to keep it distinguished from the rest, and as it is in the same box I can only pray that it may pass some of the blessing over to the other articles. On the road to the catacombs the guide Bbopped the cab to show me the Columbarium — » place for the reception of funeral urns containing the ashes of the dead. There are two very large rooms or cellars aboub 30 by 30 by 20 ft deep full of shelves for the urns to Btaud on. This has been discovered within the last few years and made the fortune of the owner of the hind. He bought it for 1,500 francs for a vineyard and on trenching lit on some remains which led to further excavation, hence the discovery. He found and sold no end of statues, bronzes, and other relics, silver, alabaster, and all sorts of valuables. There were three olaEses of urns — First, those for the family and its servants ; second, those for servants of the Emperor; third, for the general public. Houses are now erected over these sunken rooms to protecb them from the weather and the walls of the houses have let in them all eorts of queer and elegant bits df marble statuary and bas relief found in the excavations. A lot of 'antiquities' were for sale cheap, bub altogether too cheap, and I was not 'on.' We had to ascend from the road to a miserable little hub of the gardener and keeper, bub by magnificent marble steps, remains of pasb grandeur. Here we had a srrand view of the Apennines and the distant Sabine Hills, all tipped with snow. I was shown no end of monuments to martyrs, past counb. On the road are lots of Tasmanian blue'gums. but they looked very seedy from the unusual cold, and I fear two-thirds of them won't re cover, bub I hope they will. I bad a 'good view of the city walls, which had 30 gates, 1G of which have been walled up. Of cour3B, these walls are valueless against modern artillery, but I passed one heavy modern forb en route baok from the catacombs. This is truly as yet the country of the dolce far nicnie. Nobody seems to bustle himself, all is done de liberately. I weub into a shop for a Roman 2'incs, ' Help yourself,' was the reply, and I had to help myself. There are some very fine fountains playing in Rome ; all had three or four hundred pipes in full play. BOn leaving Rome the plains are full of little rises, nob unlike the Alma plains, and the eoiI apparently like that about tho Sheaoak Log, but the mountains a little way off showed we were not in those parts. The women were exercising their rights digging in the fields as vigorously and as numerous as the men, and as we whisked along we passed no end of ruins of tombs, temples, and aqueducts, and how I regretted I could not explore them for a summer. There were a lob of vineyards along the route, and the vines about 2 ft. G in. and 3 f b. apart in rows a foot wider, Eome of them arched over to bamboos stuck on end, many of them twiBted to rods like eo many French beans or hop3. There were acres upon acres of bamboos— that is what we call bamboo, which is pot a bamboo, bub Spanish reed, I think, evidently for the purpose of providing props for the vines. I eaw several flocks of sheep, 250 to 350 being shepherded with a great lot of black sheep ; in some flocks there were twice a3 many black as white. All along on the tops of the hills were buildings, whether antique- tombs or middle-age castlts I couldn't eeo; but in some places there were most pretty and piebureEque little townehip3 on the hille, and there I could see that the top generally had a castle, around which tho township doubtless grew up in the middle ages under the protection of the lord or count of the castle. As we got south towards Naples there was more sun and less snow. There was a good lot of spade husbandry being carried on ; I saw never a plough. I couldn't help notioing the splendid way in which multitudes of women all along the line wereasserting their rights ; some I saw with bundles of hay on their heads as big as ordinary trusses. ' Noble victors in the women's rights straggle.' I would have hailed and congratulated them could I have spoken their language— and would the train have waited. At last we got into Naples, and now I must stop. 