MATRIMONIAL MISHAPS. NEIGHBOUIt BROWN'S COSTLY BLUNDER. * ?fpfcENRY, what do you think? Mr. I 'J Kavensdaio is studying for the stage. Ho has written a play, and says ho will read it to us to night,' said Mrs. Wilson, somewhat excitedly, as her husband was removing bis overcoat. Ho stopped proceeding?, with oae arm still in the sleeve of his 69ab, to stare at his wife. 'Great heavens, Anna, have wo got to take this oil top of tho flute ? Either means insanity, bub the two together mean death— cold-fingered doath I 1 wish you and that heron-proportioned biped to under stand that I'm no phonograph, to have every fool in the country yell at and expect ing mo to rop)at to-morrow tho utterance* I am forced Jg, hear. If tho idiot begins an; of his rantii'^a around me, he is liable to go ( his head pished. I havo no love for hit) logship, to b-'gin with. A striking appear ance ho wou d mako on tho stage ! J. will sit out in tho jam until the curtain drops,' Wilson savi.^oly said. ' I know f lmll enjoy it, and you would too, only yoi are envious of his talents,' she replied. 'Uudouhdly, madam,' ho sueercd, elevating lis chin and casting a disdainful glance at Hi wife. ' Ho laiqi ho plot in Ireland, in the dayi of ancient- itivalry,' sho explained. 'If hoh'a:laid ib on tho firo with that eternal flute his posterity would havo riser)' upaiid callcl him bless«d,' he growled. Tho ho'JrssIowly pas-ed and stippar-tiine came. Jify'.awl Mrs. Wilsou wero at tho ti'.b(e will; laeir boarder. 'j Wo eqpct to hoar that play this oven, ingjand ftjjid profer ib in character,' said Mrs. Wilo}, as they aroso from tho table at ilhe olfsts of tho meal. 'f 'Ver,\\\yL'lI I will do my best,' nnswerei) iPjCrisr'faM . ? _ tfo soonj -ni?.do' .his appearance, with j Iosj scarlet cloak thrown over his shoulders, wllte kneel pants, black stockings, and 4 grin vest). I wngliiiK at his spurred heel was -'i sword of VrodigiiFus length. After reading a few moments, he laid a ide his ihanuscript, and recited the play ffcm incmloi-y. Wheeling round to Wilson, a d drawlug Ids aword, ho shouted 3 ' I am ,tho Ghost of Aucienb ^/liivalry, c 1110 to' fl-j, battlu for the dunm-trodden j oplc of tjiirimhappy land. J)o you dare acctr^t 'thtt gfgo:' 1' Yon;bfcty our bones I d»S Aud if you will ljy that pruning knife, and come at iri'e wit/h blro knuckles, I will fix you so' your ownlfolfy would uot know you frcm u u.u i Li ui iui:i.-omM,i nu ,.,i n centre-iiole cul whoop-la around my Kjuso without- hearing froni yours truly. Put down your prod-polo and face theiujsic,' howlw) (Vilsoa. .. ' Henry Wiisori, nroyo»''Viizy' ? ? ' f.W d'uvn your fish and meet m» holf-y ty !'?' yelled Wilson dcnst.ily. Wii 1 onn long arm extended towurila th-- ceilin , avid the other with sword ill hand point :^g nt Wilson, the 'Ghost o£ Ancic::i Chivitry hissed : ? ' (I-atshopper ! spider ! flea ! I couh crush; you with tho weight of my liltN linger^, You are not worthy of my steel i'1 and witliyi knightly shrug of his shoulders ho sirs da from tho room. Rnyonjidn'.o's dog camo from uuder the piantvlarily stretched himsolf and trotted towo'lls the door. With a bound Wilson at, lha animal. Hitd it struek tlio cujeet at which it was nimed, it would havtj.iriven the dog through the side of the hou^juA oiokan WiL-on's leg. But fie dog slip|-'('l pit of harm's way, und Wilson landed backward 011 his head iu a chair. 'I anfolad of ib ! Serves you right ! What do you sjipposo Mr. Itiiveusdale thinks of you now':'-' his wife cried. '' Wii'son slowly drew himself upon the chair, . His right leg stood tliaighb out in front of him, and lie held his bai;k with both hands. He gazed at his wife with a mournful expression, nnd groaned feebly; ' What is the mnttcr ?' she asked. ? '.My backbone is broken,' he replied. 'Niinscuee! If it wero you could not move 1' ' Yes, it is. I can feel the fracture, and! am corta 11 that the two ends of the bone have slip led by each other,' ho whispered. ' Why doyou hold your leg out that way ?' . v; ' Paralyzed !' ho lnoanrd. 'Fudge ! You arc all light.' ' Of coiu'so I am. I am an indiarubbcv man. , No such thing as hurling me. Never theless, tlii- night's work has been tho wind up of^uiy earthly affairs. The only tiling I regret is that I did uot kill tho idiotic stork I am going to make a new will, nnd stipu late that if you ninrry liiin, every cent will go -to found a homo for unloved husbands;' ho exclaimed. ' Thero's aland tliub is fairer than this,' tlie boarder softly played on his flute. Wilson, was on his feet like a jumping jack,' and; kicked his chair across the room with his paralvzcd foot. : 'That flute seems to have a great henling' power for you, my dead,' observed his wife. - ' That fiend must go 1 I will pitch him and his outfit from tho chnmbcr window'— 'There's a good timo coining,' pealed forth the ilute. 'It hus come right now I' yelled Wilson, starting for the stairs.' ' A ring at tho door-bell caused him to turn back, and, oponiug tho door, he was con fronted by his neighbour, Mr. Brown, who asked- him to step outside for a moment, V Iloury,' he said, ' I hnvo always tried to be o flood neighbour, and never had any fault tolind with you until you mrule It home : for that bean- polo, who cannot sleep without! playing 11 (lute to snore by. My wife and I j havo lain awako nights for threo mortal weeks, and blept in tho day-time until we imagino wo can see flutes its love at the 1 tiers they are shipping from California to tho World's Fair, and twice as large around, with holes in thorn like cellar.'. 'I shall liavo Softening of the brain, or whooping cough,1 if it is not stopped.' added Brown, as lio dcspundedly sli ok his head. 1 ?' Dear friend of my childhood's days, 1 am a persecuted man, and from tho 'same, source. Givo me your honoured hand, Bt own and then gather all the bricks, stones, and dead cats that aro distributed through tho nlley, and throw them through tho window into his room. I will stand all damages,'! chuckled Wilson. ' Honest V' questioned Brown. j ' Shuro thing 1 Land a few alongside of i his elongated head, and I will stand th« ? cigars. Pump them iu thick ! never mind : tho glass; it's my house,' said Wilson,! putting Brown encouragingly ou the I shoulder. 'I will do it by jocks 1' said Brown. Wilson went back into tlie house, and j with a merry twinklo in his eyes throw him» self on the lounge. ' Who was that?' inquired M\;. Wilson. 'A man to see mo 011 business,' wa( Wilsons short reply. ' Meet mo by moonlight,' camo in dulcet tones from tho flute. ' It was quickly followed by. a crash of glass, and a heavy subaiwicj fell oil the chamber floor. ' What, was that!' oricd Mri. WiUon. ' liV only your chum, the Irish Ohott, rolici.rsing, giggled Wilson. 'J'he music began again, and tho glass betrnn to rattle. Thump ! bang I in quick succession, one after another, several missiles dropped or the floor and jmuuded the wall. 'Someone is breaking your windows!' yelled tho boarder from tho head of the ttair.'. ' Breaking your windows, ore they?' innuiicd Wilron , running up the Btairs. ?? Ko, it ia in the other room,' replied the boarder. ' What,' yelled Wilson, rushing to the door, to find tho floor covered with stone and glass. Both windows wero demolished and the plastering was broken in several places. ' The old fool has been bombarding tho wrong windows I Brown will so down in his pocket and pay for this I Idiot 1 coward !' Wilson ejaculated, rushing down tho stairs. ' This comes of your musical boarder!' growled Wilson, addressing his wife. 'He will pay dearly for this job !'' ' Who did it ? Who will pay forib V cried Mrs. Wilson. ' That long-necked boarder I' ho yelled. ' Why do you not go out and soe who it was ?' she asked. ' I suppose you tb:nk the rioters are waiting to be recognizor. I am going to bed. Tho consarned fool !' Wilson muttered to himself. 'All Brown knows is to raise a goat.' 'I just believe Henry Wilson engaged some ono to do it, and hi* agent has broken the wrong windows,' she mused, eying her husband curiously. 