NEWS AND NOTES. On Monday at the Fremantle Local Court Mr. Fairbaira delivered his reserved judgment in the case Hogan v. McGuiness — claim for £29, for money lent, half rent of office, commission of charter brig Rio Loge, and certain credits. His Honor gave judgment for £1 1 3s. The Archbishop of Canterbury has refus ed on behalf of the Church of England to take part in the Chicago Parliament of Religions, on the ground that such action would seem to admit the equality of Christi anity with other world-religions. ' This illustrates in a very characteristic manner,' says a London contemporary, ' tho lofty superiority of official Anglicanism to logic and to experience. If Christianity is superior to other religions, surely the best way of demonstrating this is to meet the chosen representatives of opposiug fuiths in the field of evidence and argument.' The work of duplicating the railway line between Perth and East Perth stations was taken in hand onSunday, and the principal portion of the work was satisfactorily per formed between 7 ajn. and C p.m. Over 250 men were employed for the day. The work was necessary on account of the large number of trains running between the two stations named since the opening of the Bunbury railway. Following the Benediction at the con clusion of the ceremony in connection with the marriage of the Duke of York and Prin cess May of Teck, last month, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, who officiated, delivered a short address, in which he said : —The world's glad sympathy is with this bright hour. And Christ, the King of kings, does not fail, when invited to the marriage, to beautify with His presence the highest as much as the simplest feast. He is the unseen giver of its true joy, the real ruler of the feast, to all who with firm resolve will enter on the holy estate. This is an age and this a people which, in spite of many outward changes, still, in its heart of hearts, looks to the highest to do t'te common duties of all better (ftan alL They desire to have before their eyes and to be sure in their hearts that, amid all the splendour and care of a kingdom, there is above its central hearth all mutual honour and reverence, all sweet ness of domestic life, the faith and worship of God, the quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. To some it is given that not their simplest ways are in different. Discretion and moderation, and wisdom of conduct, thought, and speech, are knov. n to be consistent with deepest earnest ness and enthusiasm for all that is noble and true. Nay, discretion, moderation and wis dom alone give to earnestness and enthusiasm fair play and fair chance. To your union a glorious Empire and a strenuous, laborious people look to perpe tuate among them the tradition that trans lates principle into life, that lets no respon sibility seek the most desired ends by any but the purest ways ; the tradition that can ?lone make society not an evil to itself, acting and reacting in imitation and inten sification of that which is evil ; the tradi tion that uiakefc society a blessing to itself, ever receiving and working into its own Christian existence the real and undying blessings which spring from our knowing ourselves to be sons and daughters of the Heavenly Father, the followers of and believers in the Son of God, through sorrow and through joy, the embodiment of the influence of the Holy Ghost. The first element of society is the family. The one prayer of all is that no blessing, no peace, no strength of tho family may be lacking to the future which is in the hand of God for you. The following rainfall for the pre vious 48 hours, was registered at 9 o'clock last Monday : — Northampton 80, Greenough IS, Dongarra 5, New Norcia 23, Gingin 19, Newcastle 89, Northam 60, York 60, Beverley 30, Southern Cross 19, Guild ford 46, Perth 87, Fremantle 2.46, Jarrah dale 2.76, Pinjarrah 88, Bunbury 74, Bridge town 96, Busselton 49, Quindalup 45, Ban nister 86, Williams 99, Arthur Eiver 67, Kojonup 1.20, Albany 32, Rremer Bay 29, Bsperanoo Bay 89, Israelite Bay 10, Eyre 10, Euola 13, Wagin Lake 1.00 and Katan ning 46 points. The North'West Times is responsible for the following : — ' Our York contemporary is responsible for the following' 'slip' made in the report of Mr, Monger's ad dress to his constituents— ( 1 he Midland Bailway company wishes to raise halfa million, asked the Government last session to quarantine their debentures, and offered, as security, property to the value of one and-a-half millions.) If the debentures are to be quarantined, what will become of the company P Our contemporary's inadvert ent interpretation of the proposal would undoubtedly meet with unanimous accept fttion, but owing to the impossibility of getting them into a bealthy^condition, we opine the debentures would soon {be con signed to the cremation pit.' The Attorney General(Hon. S. Burt, Q.C., M.L.A.) left Freniaatlc on Saturday after noon by the s. Adelaide for a. short stay in Albany. Mr. Burt' s health has been unsatis factory lately— owing doubtless to the exacting nature of his Parliamentary duties. He will stay in Albany a few days, and will probably return by the end of the week. The Ballarat Courier (Victoria) in a recent issue has the following : — Some enterpris ing Warrnambool residents have decided to charter a steamer from Warrnambool to Esperance Bay, Western Australia, and to convey provisions, stores, carts and horses to that Bay, and thence open up a track to the Coolgardie goldfields. It is anticipated that goods shipped at Warrnambool could be landed at Esperance Bay in seven days. A route from the Bay to Coolgardie would cut off 200 miles of the track now followed. Esperanee Bay is 275 miles north-east of Albany, and 636 miles this side of Perth, and is one of the stations of the transcon tinental telegraph line. The first of the series of Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Services was held oi Sunday in Wesley Church. There was a large attend ance. Beginning with the Hymn ' Stand up for Jesus the singing led by an efficient orchestra under the dual management of Miss Arnold and Mr. A. Ottaway with Mr. Devenish assisting with oornet was hearty and spirited, The pra yers concluded with the Lord's Prayer, in which all joined. ' Yield not to tempta tion' from Sankey's Solos prefaced the reading of the overthrow of the Giant Goliath by the hand of David. Mr. H. Wright then sang as a solo, with vigorous utyle and careful expression ' Only an Armour Bearer,' the congregation taking up the chorus. Prior to the address the Minister explained the object of these Services, and ' Standing by a purpose tame,' with the refrain ' Dare to be a Daniel ' was next sung. On announcing the topic of the address the Rev. G. E. Eowe remarked that having seen the city hoard ings billed by notices of 'Jack the Giant Killer' and knowing well the locality where Jack is reported to have, shun his first giant, he thought it was a favourable opportunity to press home the lessons that the story suggested. That there were giants in these days none denied whose eyes are opened to the proportions and strength of uuch evils as Intemperance, Gambling, Covetousness etc. After dwell ing upon tho need there was to lay these giants low the rev. gentleman urged upon those present the* necessity of taking pledges against the two evils first men tioned. Arrangements having been made for receiving pledges in the porches of the Church, Sister Marian being in charge of one, and Sister Louie in charge of the other — at tho close of the service young men went up to the tables and signed the pledges against intemperance and gamb ling. The service was organised by the officers of the Meu's Bible clasB, and the arrangements under the charge of the Secretary (Mr. C. Tucker) were most successfully carried out. A writer in the Mining Standard has the following in reference to Mr. Pym's success ful brokering in floating Bayley's Reward claim into a company : — ' So Mr. Pym has done it. He has a placed in stone-broke Melbourne, if what every second man you meet says is tame, the 80,000 shares of the Bayley's Beward No. 1 South Gold Mining Company. All I can do Is to congratulate him on a perseverance and lighthearted ness which lam sure few men in Victoria possess. To float a mine in boom time, when the publio is eager for bait, ib not difficult ; but to induce a poverty stricken people to take up -630,000 worth of shares, and, what is more, find the money for them, is still more remarkable. However, I presume his task was a little bit lightened by the wires which reached here of further phenomenal finds at the Bayley's Reward claim. Mr. Pym's clients must have unbounded faith in him. I would be the last to take shares in a claim which has been tested to so snuill an extent as Bayley's No. 1 South, and where the only crushings have been a few pounds' weight of what is practi cally Surface stone. It would be interest ing to know if the vendors applied for any shares.' The Hon. H. W. Venn is now laid up at Dardanup Park with a very severe attack of influenza (says the Bunbury Herald.) The hon. gentleman contracted the dis ease in Perth about ten days ago, but kept up attendingjto his Parliamentary duties and office work until Friday, when he came down by train to his residence at Dardanup, He was immediately attended by Dr. Love grove, who found that the influensa had developed into congestion of the lungs. It is to be hoped that Mr. Venn's illness will be of short duration, M bis presence at this particular juncture, both in office and in the Assembly, is much required. We learn that although Mr Venn's illness is not critical, it will be some time before tho hon. gentleman is about again. The explanation of tho Premier with vt~ ferenco to the withdrawal of the tender for the Boyanup-Busselton line (say the Bun bury Herald) seems to satisfy the residents of theVnsse, who are chiefly interested in the carrying out of the contract. The pro mise of the Premier that the work would be carried out as soon as funds were avail able has very properly been accepted in good faith, and we are fully assured that the promise will bo fulfilled to the letter, and further, we feel satisfied that the time will be short when the balance of the loan will be successfully floated. Even at the present time, if placed on the English money market, it would be subscribed twice over. We understand that Mr. Bateman in tends to stage shortly the famous mining drama ' My Partner,' as played by Mr. George Rignold with such success in the other colonies. Mr. Bateman intends securing (he best professional talent avail able for the production, which will be stag ed in aoomplete manner, and with all the original scenic effects. The usual meeting of the Sons of Aus- tralia Benefit Society was held at St. George's Chambers on Thursday, Aug 17, when the balance sheet for the half-year ended 30th June was submitted. The re- ceipts amounted to £162 7s. 1d. and the ex- penditure to £112 1s. 5d., £54 6b. 8d. having been disbursed to sick members. The to- tal assets of the Society amount to £9,980 9s. 5d., and the number of members is 92. The reportwas unanimously adopted. About four months ago a large represen- tative committee was formed at Fremantle with the object of preparing for a floral fete to be held in the early spring. The idea has "caught on," and plans are well advanced, so that everything promises to be in readiness by Wednesday, 4th October — the opening day. Local artists have lent their aid in designings&Blls; and symbolical displays, which will be decorated with a wealth of flowers when, the time comes. The fete is to hut for four days, and will embrace a variety of attractions. Music will be 'ft prominent feature, botib instru mental and vocal ; %e best help avail able is cheerfully promised. An ex perienced' gentleman and lady have a series of games of chess with ladies, gentle men, and children dressed in character for pieces, to be played on a chess board 24ft. square. It is intended that every hour the fete is open there will be a change of pro gramme, and every effort will be made to promote the pleasure of visitors. The Show will include oompet&ti; on in putplants, ferns, bouquets, cookery, and product* of various kinds. The prise list is nearly ready jtnd will soon be published. Hundreds of young plants have been distributed amongst the children for their own«uperin tendeuoe.with a view to the competition for prizes. Fremantle is exceptionally situated for a display of the wild flora ofvthe colony, being the port for vessels from the eastern and southern ports and from the North west, and having a large area within reach by road and rail, with a wonderful profusion of wild blossoms. The idea first took shape under the influence of a gentleman who was familiar with the Manly Wild Flower Show, near Sydney, and who considers that Fre mantle can obtain a larger variety of wild flowers than that celebrated annual fete cat boast of. Judging by the enthusiasm of the large committee, the preparations that have been made during the last three months and the extremely ambitious plans in operation, Fremantle, in the first week of October, will be gay and crowded at a festival which is designed to be an annual charity effort and a floral celebra tion at the port. Tho lecture by Mr. J. W. E. Archdeacon on ' Musical Curiosities ' on Friday last, in Wesley Hall, was witnessed by a large audience. The lecture was of a humorous nature, and Mr. Archdeacon soon had his audience in a state of boisterous merriment. The lecturer's character-sketches of musi cians, both vocal and instrumental, wero cleverly given, and were illustrated with such aptitude and quaint humor that the audience were kept thoroughly amused. The Bey. G. E. Rowo presided, and at the conclusion of the lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Archdeacon. It is probable the lecture will be repeated at Fremantle and Guildford, upon dates to be' fixed. Tho practice of taking tea or coffee by students, in order to wow at night, says Dr. Mattieu Williams, is downright mad ness, especially when preparing for an ex amination. More than half of the cases of breakdown.Ioss of memory, fainting, &c.;, whiokoccur during severe examinations, and far more frequently tjuvn is commonly known, are due to this. I frequently hear of promising students who have thus failed s and on inqu:ry have learned — in almost every instance— that tho victim has pre viously drugged himself with tea or coffee. Sleep is the rest of the brain ; to rob the hardworked brain of its natural rest is cereb ral suicide. My old friend, the late Thomas Wright, was a victim of this terrible folly. He undertook the translation of the ' Life of Julius Ceesar,' by Napoleon III., and to do it in a cruelly short time. He fulfilled his contract by sitting up several nights successively by the aid of strong tea or coffee (I forget which.) I saw him shortly afterwards. In a few weeks he had aged alarmingly, and became quite bald ; his brain gave way and never recovered. There was but little difference between his age and mine, and but for this dreadful cerebral strain, rendered possible only by the alkaloid (for otherwise he would have fallen to sleep over his work, and thereby saved his life), he might still be amusing and instructing thousands of readers by fresh volumes of popularised archnologieal research. Anarrangement hasbeen arrived at be tween the GovernmentiWdcontractor of the Y%*ro Bsilwar wsnflgngliie opening of tbecoinpleted^portfoftof the lWThs contractor has promised to push forward the work as much as possible, and expects to be in a position to hand over the whole railway completed by the 80th June 1894 — five month's in advance of contract time. In return for this, the Government have consented to pay a bonus of £2,600. In reference to the immediate opening of the portion of the line now completed, the com tractor has agreed to convey goods and passengers at moderate rates over the 70 tniles now ready, and will also open each section of the line as it is completed. This intelligence will be received with tho greatest satisfaction, not only in the city, but throughout the colony. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the Fremantle t*jk»£Nuan Soei«ty intend having a grand Scotch Night o» Wednesday, 80th inst* in %Jooi| Towu'hall, when Mr. Ferguson, who tiered '-. snoh a great success in Perth recently, wi$l . give one of his grand recital entertainments, and that he will beassisted by such anarray of talent as is seldom if ever brought to gether* on one platform. '1 he special items, such as Mr. Lapdey in full Highland costume, and Mr. T. Christie's trio party in ' Willie Brewed a Peck o' Maut,' together with the Caledonian reel party in 'Tul- lochgorum,' show that the committee in charge have had an eye to originality, and there isnedoubt their efforts wul meet with the greatest of success, namely— a crowded house. _ 