CORRESPONDENCE. Advertisement. IS THE SALVATION ARMY FROM GOD? to the editor. Sir, — Having censed writing about the Sal vation Army for a lime, I am of opinion that a few remarks now, concerning P, will not be out of place. In my former letters I have show that the Salvationist do not follow the behests of their nietended Master, as thev pray 111 the street. continually colh-ct money, and do o her things which are forbidden by Him. But. notwith standing their transgressions, the' st'll con sider themselves His true servants ; although the Master says plainly that those who are not with Him arc against Him ; and that it is not ero>gh to hear and talk about the word of G"d. but tin act upon it. T1 e fart that Jesus threatens to damn all those who do not observe his com mands docs not concern them in the least; tliey know that they will be saved, and wear golden crowns all the Eame. They preach what the call salvation with as much confidence as if they were quite suro that every word tuey say wa= quite true. Thny talk about Christ as if He were a family relation, and pretend to know Him as well as their own nose. Now, I woold like to know "what they really know about Him. I have heard a soldier say that they were continually in communication with Him. Now, I ask, is that true? Do they re illy commune with Him ? Is it a fact that Ihey know anything at all about Him besides what the Gospels teach, any more than the man in the moon, or ray dog ? I believe not, and I challenge them to produce proof of their asser tions. I have also heard another soldier say that he was so full of joy that it was shining out of his eyes. Well, I am not intentionally offensive. I would therefore not call anyone a liar; but all the same, that soldier did not : speak the truth, for I took particular notice of his eyes at the time, and I declare that there was no more shine in them than in those of a dead fish. I will now just take a glance at what they preach. They continually tell their audience that any one can be saved like them selves, if he only likes. Well, that any one can be as much savel as them, I readily believe, for I have no reason to doubt that a wild black- fellow has just as good a chance. But where we differ is here : They say that they are on their way to heaven, that their golden crowns are awaiting them, and that eveiyone else is at liberty to enjoy the same privilege, if he or she only likes. Now, I will say th.it this theory is positively false, according to the teachings of the bible. In Roman ix, 15.16 wc read : "For "God said to Moses, I will have mercy on " whom I will have mercy, and I will have corn- " passion on whom I will have compassion. So ' it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that " runneth, b it of God that sliecreth mercv." Now, 1 think this is quite plain, that our will ing, or antics, will do nothing towards our sal vation, but the mercy of God alone. This is further seen in Ephesians i. 4.5.11. " Accord- " ing ae He hath chosen us in Him befor the ' the foundation of the world, that we should "tie. holv and wit hont blame before Him. In "love having predestinated us unto the adop- " tion of children by Jesus Christ to himse'f, 'according to the good pleasure of His will. " In whom, also, we have obtained an inherit- "ance, being predestinated according to the " purpose of Him who worketh all things after " the counsel of his own will." Matt. xx. 28. "Even as the Son of man come not to be "ministered unto, but to minister, and to give " His life a ransom for many.1 Acts xiii. 48. "And as many as were ordained to eternal life, " believed." John xv. 16. " Ye have not chosen " me, but I have chosen you." I also refer the reader to Malt. xxvi. 28, Mark xiv. 24, Hebrews ix. 24, John xvii. 1.2. These passages, like others 1 could mention, plainly show that we are predestinated according to the will of God, to be either saved or lost ; and that Christ did not die for all, but just for as many as the Father had chosen. Now the difference be tween that and the teachings of the Salvation Army is this : tbev put up a poor, weak, pitiable Saviour, who cannot save aoyone on his own accord, as it lays to the option of man whether he will permit himieif to be saved or not. And the bible teaches the contrary, namely, that God wiil save those whom he has chosen before the foundation of the world. It is therefore as plain as daylight that the teaching of the Sal vation Army is false. They make all sorts of excuses for not following the teachings of the bible. I was informed by the Staff Captain, on cis riceriL visit iieic, will me cuujinauu given in Matt. vi. 56/ wherein praying in the street and public places is forbidden, was only given to tbe Pharisees, and not to the Salvation Army. I asked him how he could tell the difference between what was meant for the Pharisees and Salvation Army, but he did not favour me with a satisfactory reply. In matter of fact, that command was given to the disciples, and if the Salvationists consider themselves such they ought to act up to it. The Staff Captain also told me that the Army would get on just as well without, as with money ; but as I have only his word for thot, I should be more in clined to believe it if I saw it put into practice. My opinion is (which I also told the Captain) that if there was no money, there would be no Army. Their whole system, in fact, appears to me to be nothing but a contrivance to get money. Some people say, well, they mast live. Now, supposing I grant that, why are they then not satisfied with a living? They appear al ways as eager to get money rb a shark is lor mullets. As far as I can ascertain their ex penses here in Geraldton amount to somewhere about £100 per annum, and their collections mast amount to some hundred of pounds above expenses 'already, and yet they continually want more. Does not that show that money is their sole object? No doubt they know very well that capital is the real master of the masses of mankind, that If they possess it, thuy can monopolise tne majority of people and have them under their thumb. This appears to me to be their object, and that they are making long strides to accomplish it is easy enough seen. But what would be the consequence if tiiey should get the upper hand in the world 7 what would happen if some madman in power wnuld snv - vMi love .Testis ? (Halleluiah would ring from millions of throats) then to arras and conquer his enemies 1 Why, the greatest war that ever soiled the face of the earth, because it is not likely that the Roman C.itholices would be subdued, without a fierce struggle, nor would rationalists easily give in, well knowing that nothing will stay fanaticism but death. Some people might say : " What would the Protestant churches do in such an event?" Well, my opinion is that there would be no Protestant churches, for, as far as 1 can see at present, the members of these churches are to r. great extent the support of the Salva tion Army. I even saw the new Wcsleyan parson figuring among the soldiers in their tabernacle, and going on with such twaddle as 1 if lie were one of them ; there was, in fact, no difference as far as I could see, but the lack of the red guernsey. Now, if parsons do this, what, then, can be expected from their flocks?, But what would be the result of the above-! mentioned event taking place, and the Salva-i tion Army being victorious ? Why, the civil ised pari of the world would be plunged back into the barbarism of the dark ages. Super stition and ignorance would again, reign supreme. Devils, ghosts, and demons would again take the places of scientists, nnd il migbt probably take hundreds, if not thousands of years, before civilisaliod and science would again come to the standard.' I have no doubt that many people will laugh at this ; I would therefore have them Junderstand that I do not wish to figure rs a prophet, but judging the future by the past, I do say tbat there is a possibility of such happening. What do they think would have happened to a man who would have told the Romans at the time of their great Caesar's reign that their religion would be sup planted by Christianity, and that the Pope wou.dsntue day reign instead ef their Caesars ? Would not such a man have been treated as being mad, if not worse ? I think people should open their eyes and make better use of their iuuuu) 1 0.1 1 1 10 turner Liierewim a creea wiucu is false, and which may some day be the means of cutting the throats of their children. In conclusion, I would exhort the Salvationists to abandon their erroneous practices of praying in the streets, collecting money for their own benefit in the very name of Him who forbids it, and talking about saving souls, which is the work of God only. But to dcrote their ener gies to the emancipation of tne body from existing evils, which are the cause of so much suffering and untimely death. Let them eradi cate poverty ; the first step in that direction I would advise to be the dealing with the un employed question. Let them, in short, work for the general welfare of man ; and I will join their ranks and become a Salvationist, and work with all might in a cause which would be bene ficial to man, and acceDtable to God. April 20th, 1S93. OBSERVER. 