SUMMARY FOR YURRUP. (Yia tho Sncz Canal and Dnrand's Alley.) Political. \- Parkos has got a new orntoh. Dibbs struok \- anchor doflcit. Wants to pawn it along with the butt of a Tummy-Tum oigar. Curiosity dealers apply Parliament House. Jersey is about to whitewash his noso, be cause his missis says she' can't aboar the 'orrid thing no longor. Jersey has been mis- taken for a retired greengrocer through wearing a soft hat and goiug out without his aido-do-carap. Tho offender will be prose- cutod for mistakon indentity in order to tighten the " silkingcorda "and reduce the doficitpanio among Civil servants on aoooant of the re trenchment scheme. Batchers stopping all credit. No moro meat for Algernon Chawlos Do Landsdepot until the Cabinet fixes up who is to got tbo kiok and be sent to earn an honest living. Algernon all safo in tho arms of Lis landlady by-and-bye. Washerwoman bringing up the rear with a fine lioalthy flat- iron. Gcorgo Black _ and Paddy the Bam abont to form a Coalition Government. A. G. Taylor and Brother Hardpill singing duets togotlier. The Long 'Un is going to fix things np so that if Yellow Jock" Haynes wants to got in for Smudgoo noxt timo be will have to tako a harmonium up on tho hust ings with him and sing " Hold the -Fort" and "BoyneWather" boforo and after oaoh spont, without getting any knock-off for drink, or . proof-reading for the Holy Snooze or the Peodestant Standred. Trail showing the publio how much ho doesn't know in tho Sunday Squeal. Tommy. Walker rumored to Lava offered to wrestle, Marquis of Qnoon3- bury rules, with 18 quarts of cold water insido of 43tnin for gate-money only. Pruning knifo stilt being applied to tho ostimates. Gonorally considered that tho pruning knife wants an edge put on it. Might bo turned into a rip-saw, and thou with the good old Turner at tho helin, and tho grand old Smarter on tho woathor bow, it could bo sot'in to out tho contractor's profits out of tho iron-pipe contract, and yank a slioo or two off Dead 'Ous Parkos' park, and put it up at auotion to buy tho national infant a now rattlo. Mombors of Parliament all loyally standing to thoir guns and drawing thoir sorows like true-blue. George Boid taking exoroiso with dumb-bells ovory morning. At timo of going to press, Tommy Walkor practicing a now hymn. General. Discovory of tho " Truo Gospolists " made byaS.M.H. man. Herald staff smell out anything. True G.'b offer to tako odds they oan raise tho doad by prayor and vooal melody. Cardinal Maryahn willing to bet they won't raiso tho Ktama ghost boforo Parkos' noxt baby arriyos. Parkos' good at raising him self. Raise anything less weighty than a pyramid. .. Sydney man making flrrange- anotfts for a female tng-of-war, to tako plabu at the Centennial Hall. Wiegand to bo specially engaged for slow music. Candi dates having holes in their stockings not la be allowed to enter; no member of Snfforing Woman's Loaguo neod therefore apply. All . tuggers to wear btaok tights, with a white skull . and oi-oa3-bonea conspicuously displayed on the best available opportunity. At tho word " go" the opposing teams to faco oaoh othor at angles of flOJog, and fall on cushions pro vided for tho purpose. No see-sawing allowod, and any tugger tying herself to tho ropo with gartors or hair-pinB will be disqualified. The " talent" on tho trail of B. E. O'Connor with eighteen tons of road-metal in reserve and a . masked battery of brickbats bringing up tho roar. Troublo anticipated. Discovery of . human romains in King-stroot. Supposed to bo thoso of tho Squeal soribo who wrote about Sydney Mafia Sooioty. _ Mafia man also died from blood - poisoning rooontly. " Traill" of the serpont over this lot — more mystery, dontoherknow. All the women in the city mashed on poor doar foolish Von Kospolen's photo in tho Sunday Times. Women all bnreting them selves to find oat who " Littlo Floss " is. Trade quiot, oxoopting two staple industries. - Weather dull. Deputation just appointed by the Trados and Labor Counoil to intorview Bussoll about it. Expected that, a . general sti-iko will rosult if BubsoII does not treat thorn civilly. ..Other matter held over till tho editor goes out to boo about some adulterated liquor sumplos overdue. 