THE YOUNG FOLKS. A Ghost Story, Sir Richard Owon hvd two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hoar him relate. Tho one about to bo recorded hero was perhaps tho hotter of tho two ; but its quality cuu scarcely ho judged of when detaolicd from the peculiarly ox prossivo stylo tho old Professor had, which added a charm to his tolling of tho story. In his early duyB, when ho hold tho post of surgeon to to the prison as Laucuater, A NEGRO PIED IN' THIS GAOL, , and a post mortem ns won as an inquest was necessary. After tho inquest tho young J surgeon saw tho body put in tho coflin and tho lid aorowod down, to bo roady for tho | funeral noxt day. Owen had at tho time been already attracted to tho study of comparetivo anatomy, and negros’ heads wore not plenti ful ; bo ho mado up his mind that this one should not be lost to tho causo of eoionco. In tho evening ho roturnod to tho prison with a black bag containing ft brick— from Ida official position ho had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where tho ooflln lid was nnsorowed and Borewed down again. Daring this’ pro* TIIE union AND THE NEGRO'S HEAD CHANGED rLACES. The ground outsido the principal ontrance to tho gaol had * considerable acscont; and tho timo hoing wintor, with snow and fro&t;, Owen had scarcely paaaod out when ho slipped I and foil all his length—tho big went from his hand, and tho head tumbled out, and rolled down tho paved way. Ho jumped up, caught tho hag, and following tho head olutolied it just as it fiuiBhod its career in a small shop whoro tobacco was Bold. Pushing it into tho bag again, ho vanished out of the shop with all tho speed bo was capable of. Next morning, when Owon was going to his usual duties at the prison, ho was called in by tho woman at tho shop where tho aooidont had occurred on tho pre vious evening. Sho wished him to sco her husband, who was very ill. Ho had had, sho said, a fright tho night boforo that had caused him to LOOK WILD AND DAZED-LIKE. | The man, it turned out, was arotirod sea captain, who had boon in many adventures among tho West Indian Islands, when many I deeds woro done that did not at that timer© ! quiro to bo accounted for. Among these had boon the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touob of TROUBLE ON ms CONSCIENCE, After giving tbeso details the old cap tain told of tho horriblo event that took place tho night boforo. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so ohancod that ho had been thinking of tho nogro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into tho shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by thoDovil, all in black,with 1 a blaok bag in his hand. Tho Devil snatohod I Up tho head, and both disappeared through J tho oarth liko a flash of lightning. Tho do- ! fleription was perhaps not quite oomplimon- | tar^ to the young anatomist, hut it was j satisfactory so far that it showed that hia idontity had not been recognised.—" Daily , Nows.” ! 