'THE LAST OF SIX.' Mr. Ernest Favenc, that gifted lit terateur whose best writings so often remind the attentive reader of Edgar Allan Poe, has just sent us a copy of his book—' The Last of Six,' a series of short Australian stories— each a pic ture complete in itself, and in their nnifprl fnrm nnn nf f)-o hnaf /-/--llyt/u:nnn ever issued in the country. It was Byron who said that the reading of Moore's greatest poem was, to a man of any imagination as good as a ride on a camel's back. Australians can, with equal truthfulness, say that Ernest Favenc's ' Last of Six' series is just about as perfect an Australian word picture as the student could wish to have. Driving a pen which creates a. fresh interest in every line, this gifted writer combines tho wicrd with tho realistic, and in the most fascinating manner pos sible to imagine ; for although there are none of his tales alike it is almost impos sible after reading them through to uuunu t» I^UUJI-U, Ul \\.\J atijr tiJHiU IUIB Olje IS better than the other — better based or better told. ' Tho Last of Six' is as grim and ghastly as a ghost story, yet real in every line ; and for (he reason that it combines these qualities it takes, we presume tho place of pride and sup plies the title of tho whole. Endeavor ing to make a choice out of so much ex cellence we miffhi innntinn ' Tim Afimi. Fellow ' as tho gem of tbe collection, though ' Spirit-Led ' is a conception, beautifu as some of the shorter stories are gracefull and pretty. '? Tho haunt oE tbo Jinkarrns ' might have been written by Poe himself, for the newracedis covery of ' Gordon Pym,' one of the most entrancing of the gifted American's prose conceptions, is in no way superior and possibly to some extent less clever. Mr. Favenc's book, if it meet with the recognition it deserves will command a Bi»le throughout the length and breadth of Australia, the worst thing tbe Advo cate can wish it. The sorios is woll printed, nicely arranged and nently bound — in a word it is issued from tho Bulle tin Offico, Sydnoy. 