LITERATURE. BOOKS OF THE WEEK. Wo rro rather like the Lord Mayor's fool —we like everything good ; at least we say we do. But what in' :goud " Why, what welike, of course. That being decided, v/o may settle down comfortably to criticise the 325th exhibition of the Royal Academy, reproduced for us by Casscli and the Pail Mall's familiar yellow cover. Som-.: years ago the great pub lishing house issued its first# Academy supplement# to the Magazine of A and thi.f season, we learn from the Central Press Agency, the supplement 1ms stretched to live parts, two of which h ire already reached us. A new feature nf the Pall M.Jf. volume is a capital selection from the principal black and whito drawings of tin; last 12 months, in which our friend Phil May, mid Hathcrell, Robert Louis Stevenson's latest illustrator, have honorable place. "Verv opportunely, as a caustic commentary on academy ' ethics and practices, comes George Moore's 44 Modern Painting." Mr. Moore does not approve of the Royal Academy, and tclis us why in his lively, audacious, and puuiront style. First of all, the Academy will not elect Mr. Whistler, of " Butterlly Letters " and farthing damages fame. Is this why there ia butoncart god, Mr. Whistler, and Moore is his prophet V He considers Whistler's jjortrait of Miss Hamil ton the most beautiful picture in the world, and 44 to satisfy the inward cravings of Ids own soul lie would choose to live with it!" Then he is very amuung about the alderman m art. sex in art, and especially the new art criticism, whose mission is lo give frcotrade to art by destroying that distinctly com mercial enterprise, tho Royal Academy, which spends the Chanlcry trust money on the purchase of 44 pictures by impecunious Academicians, and the collection formed with this money is one of tho seven horrors of civilisation." The main reason why Mr. George Moore is such excellent reading is because he is always reactionary, but those who live in glass houses should beware of road metal, and it is distinctly funny (it is fashionable to say "distinctly") lo hear the author of "A Mummer's Wife declare that or all classes none are so necessarily moral as novelists. Cricket is the Briton's classic game, and therefore it is fitting that Andrew Lang, classic critic (and a patient public has lately given him hints to stick to his own last.) should say the farcwoll-word to Richard DatVs "Kings of Cricket." After a mournful con fession that he was ever a cricket ing failure, the essayist pronounces our notional game "the most catholic and diffused, the most innocent, kindly, and manly of popular pleasures," adding that " Heaven (us tho bishop said of the strawberrv)inightdoubtless have devised a better diversion, but as cer tainly no better has been invented than that which grow upon the village greens of Eng land." The fastest round-hand bowler Mr. Lang ever knew was a clergyman of the Scottish Church, nicknamed the "Jointer.' " He says he's a meenistor ; he says he's a beginner; X think he's a leear," observed a caddie, when asked, at golf, who this gentle man might be. Air. Daft's reminiscences extend from one- eyed William Clarke down to the present time. They arc interspersed with anecdotes, and give portraits of 80 eminent cricketers. The pictures of some of the veterans, in high hats, or billycocks, collars uud neckties, and the old clastic bolt with snake clasps, are sufficiently quaint, particularly one of Alfred Mynn, in which the 24-stono Keutishman— who used to snore so that his neighbors must have dreamt of a thunderstorm — looks like a benevolent hippopotamus. County cricket, the matches at Lord's, All- England elevens, touring elevens, umpires, and the development of cricket during the last 50 years, arc the headings of sections, and of course Australian players rank pro minently in the later parr, of the cheery little book, from which we cannot resist culling one anecdote. An old lady was once boasting to Clarke what an excellent player her sou was, and what a fine-looking fellow, too. "He's oft. in his stockings, Mr., Clarke!" she said, proudly. "Indeed!' rejoined the great cricketer, dryly. "What a lot of toes he must have ! " Remembering "Mr. Isaacs," one is hardly surprised to hear that Air. Marion Craw ford has avowed himself a mystic, but — lie says he owes half his literary success to green tea ! We know what a stimulus opium is to the imagination. Are wo then to infer there is some connection bc- ween digestive derangement and that super session of reason by emotion which seems tho "first position" of the mystic? Mr. Stead, feeling his own physi al pulse, an nounces that we are on the eve of the fourth dimension, by which ho apparently means the liiterpcnetration at will of space, called by him " throughth," as delightful a word-coin aa Lytlon'a " vril." But it is to an American we owe a confident attempt to lay down " lno Law of Psychic Phenomena." Mr. Thomson Jay Hudson lias constructed an hypothesis which accounts with equal cose and scientific certainty for every kind of spiritual manifestation. Premising that in tellect and soul are distinct, he submits that " in a normal person tho subjective mind is dominated by the objective ; in tho genius the twain are perfectly balanced. In the madman the subjective lias quito over powered its com pun ion. In the hypnotised subject the intellect has been lulled into quiescence, leaving the soul at the mercy of ft foreign will." Ghosts lie describes as " in tensified telepathic visions, thrown oil in articido mortis by persons dying under cir cumstances of great mental stress or emo tion." Mr. Hudson's inquiry will command attention, because, whether his conclusions are erroneous or not, it is conducted in a rational spirit, ami with duo regard to scien tific methods and language. Wo may expect shortly " Many Inven tions," the new book by Rudyard Kipling, who sceuis to have settled down at Brattle- borough. Rider Haggard lias completed a new novel, said to be in the style of "Bea trice," which is to be called " The Way of the Transgressor. " Arrowsmi tli's summer annual will have a tale by Conan Doyle. "Sally Dows " lias takon book shape, and is perhaps the most piquaute and fascinating heroine ever created even by Bret TIarto. "Ivan Greet s Masterpiece" heads the table of eon- tents of Grant Allen's new volume of short stories. Tt first appealed in The t'Sraphic, and at the time we specialised it as being the most attractive item in lite Christmas num ber literature. For tho volume wo are in debted to Messrs. Pethoriek. Although the other stories do not como up to "Ivan," they are bright, original, and rich in oxeiting incident. The fictional sensation of the month is unquestionably ( leorgo Hissing's " Tile Odd Women," a study of social ethics that appeals strongly to fair-minded men, and should rouse the gratitude of the "sur plus" women, whose hard problem of self- support# it may help lo solve. The story itself ia uncommonly natural and interesting, and Air. Gissing lias managed to make his characters representative of familiar types. Without raising tho war- cry of any party, or flinging firebrands among traditional prejudices, he showy calmly by the logic of facts what a change is being brought about by the social pressure of a large disproportion of the sexes. There are thousands of women in Great Britain to whom marriage is (numerically) forbidden, but on whom rests the obligation of self- maintenance. This necessity to earn carries with it an obligation to fit themselves to earn, and the right to opportunities of earn ing equal to those of men. These women should not be hampered with factitious sex- restrictions, nor expected to defer to male jealousy of female independence. They do not want any favor except that of fair play in competitive industry, and what they train themselves to accomplish they claim liberty to enter for without one ounce of arbitrary handicap. In "Tiny LtiUrell " Ilorumig Las given us another acceptable Australian story, and Mrs. Cross's " A Little Minx," which, by-tho- hyc, seems to be an earlier sketch re written and amplified, is bright and Mtimsin'-'. "The Odd Women " and " A Little Minx are botn vcteme:. ol liciir. manu'a Colonial Library soriea, and have been sent to ua by Messrs. Angus and Robertson. In poetry tlus week wo have Lord do Tabloy's " Poems, Dramatic and Lyrical," Watson's "Eloping Angela," and "The Prince's Quest," and tho now edition of " Poems by Two Brothers," that is tho lato Laureato aud his cider brother Charles. 