"B ow Shall We Decide This Question?" NOW, WIICHl IS THE WORSE-TO lIaTVE 0 lrrlTITE FOR TOCB DIINEE, 03 TO ?ItVY .S0 DINS?C Noa TouR Ar'ETITE 1 There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good di~restion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal ttitude of a person to wards his meals. But most of us are not blessed to that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy IL Different folk will answer this question diffe-ently, yet the c~mmon senas of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is bettt. to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the star!.tion lne, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eat ing, stands in need of "alterations and repairs. So illustrate. We recently received a com mani:ation in which the writer says "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poi saned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on If the latter, why? Let lam clear the mystery bimslf. He says,'In the year la19 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I Lad been signa'man twe!re months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. Mly mouth tasted bad, so that ordlinaty articles of diet seemed to leos their daror: the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to hare nothing to uy to them. an thin; was like another, and none was good. My tongu: was coated and fcrrel, with a dark line dorra the middle and yellow fur round it, My bre:ath was ouensive anr my atpetite poor, with pains t:ronch the caent and sh?.der, which were always right b:fcrt 1 Lad "ten anything. Then I was gtatly troubled with mins. It wuell gather so I: tdit ,i a tall in my thro.t, and act tas it well cu.aLe me," W1' ca?,t w?nder that under these ciream -, nes cur friend flilel to dI justice to his meals. lie an.ts ast there was what he calls a tricking xnsr2.r n "at his heart, as though it were touched with ome sharp instrument. Then, again, rt times Le was as:icLed with spasms, the a;ony of which was so seecre that the sweat role esift him. "I dreaded," he says, the thought of catiCg, and alotr a SCANTY PEAL HAVE I aMAD, FOE I WAS FEAID) TO EAT. * After a time L.-t into a low, weak, ncr rout condition, ant felt miserable. as if some thing was going to happen, und this cau:ed me to lose a good aldeal sleep:' What he means by the fear of "'something going to htrpen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loesof his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear ito him. This was due, as he intimates, to the mooecrished state of his blood (the life bearer) his unstrang nerrves. and to the orain efetbled by lack of noarish-ewnt. The right of this lorm of illu:es is alwasy full of ghosts and gob? irs, the creetures of a restlss and engo. verned imaginution. " With great dificolty,"he says.'" I stuck to my work, for I hal a wife and family de pendli on me. SI tu;e n, - :c w t Ir L sufered for over two year, :s past my p aers of de-cription. I A.x1 se:t ., ,E l A? i Ci s IoI.REa to eULtt ai I ttIV!: ijts.'E. In the la:ter stateu:e:ir Lr, i, a:doubtedly wr On. One s own Ial Ua oe' own, and i sl, ayi , .ader to bea: t:,ta is otne notita of i ci te;gbour'- I at:. TIi:. a cOcLtke- - tun:tittre who are all t?c w:l: o:o. t :r,. h the _a: wre:Ckhel cIeri?erc: . c.I) we d:'l iha:,-en to core i. tot,ch r i:h t..e::m W\e:. t .: wtr: finally t?ctk:an tit :after ! : ieeal t:catal,._ .: d.it him %1,:-,it It; i ::a h. chs:.::d to rdv it . oi of a c.t'- ±terLY LIc:t H:- otvs '.ig cart by l toth?cr ei;ge:'a S,:up. y" 31 wif-.e" : - ?, " got me a btle ;t r. Lang-: :!' in ?\'A..,lt.ifr i. ant- alftr u ,; .t, c utitLt, the alment Itit co. and has a:r:: re:rtned v.ice that fortunate day. I sohuI :ile the wi:oe wo:i to kLow wA.:,t do!rl l: u.e. I Lare been tn;,oyed by tLte hidl-:ani l;~sl.wy Compiany fer ia.vcn .year-. (rig:.il) " GLu IIt sT. " Car lott, m e I ,al \- pperliy Bridge. n0:ar Leosi." W'c pblsh this by Mr. hunt's Ic-ire, in .rkicr that part of the world at letat ria;y ?ow ?: s thankful he is and fr ' bha res.-n. CE:rAISLY the Le?t medicine Lkown to ANSDEB sartd ONS EUICALT'TI EXTILACT. Tea itseminent owerfil effects in conhs. cold in:nena ; the relief is Inýalntaneon:. If seri;aa ca-es, and accidens of all kinds, be they wu?nds,burr.s. scldints bruises,sprairs it is tAh sainft rcnmedy-no swel:rg-no in. Eamtnation. Likesurpri-ing effects produced in cr up, diihthcria. bLrochitis, inflammatirn c of the I n-;, awell:tas. &c.;,,iiarhbra,dysentry, diseases of the kidney: and urinary orgar. In es at a: 'pitals and mnfecal clinics all over the globe ; patronised by His Majesty the King at Italy; crowned with metal and diploma at laternational Exhibition, Amter!lam. Trust a this approroi article, an I reject all others 