A Commonplace Daughter. [For the MINER.] BY JOHN AUGUST. CHAPTER XII. ELLA received the last letter from Madge just after the family had dis- persed after breakfast. Arthur had gone to his office ; Jack to school ; the other children to the half-hour's play before lessons. The father had, as usual, retired to his study, in which he spent nearly as much of his life as his wife did of hers in the porch-room. He still continued to pore and pore over his accounts—carrying on an un- ceasing correspondence with business friends in the city, whose stock of patience must have been great to stand the strain he brought to bear upon it— always in the vain hope of finding some way by which he might reach his former prosperity. The question as to whether the present time which he was squandering over the past—to say nothing of the pens, ink, and paper used —could not be employed more profit- ably, did not occur to him, and those around him did not like to suggest it. Madge's letter made Ella very angry. She knew the Thompson failing must come out sooner or later ; but she was furious that it should come out in this particular way. It was a shame that the holiday should be spoilt by it, so she sat down at once and dashed off a short note, begging Madge to take no notice of Agnes—not to let her visit be spoilt. Depositing her missive in the bag, for which the postman always called on his way back to Brankwell, Ella disappeared into the kitchen regions to give her orders for the day, and to prepare some special dish for dinner which the young cook did not understand. Then, going to her mother's room, she told part of Madge's news, leaving out the disagreeable bits. When the usual morning talk over household matters was ended, she rose to go to the schoolroom, but her mother detained her— "Ella, dear, I wish you would let the children off their afternoon lessons to- day, because I have an errand for you to do—the outing will be good for you." "Is it anything Fan can do, mother? I have missed so many days." " I am sure what you have missed will not matter much. This is an ex- ceptional time while Madge is away. Besides, Fan could not do what I want." "Very well then ; what is it ? The children will be delighted." "Oh, this bundle of things Miss Hedley sent—some of the clothes were so badly cut I had to alter them, and I want you to explain. Fan would be sure to forget all I told her." "I am not so sure that I shall not. Sewing is not at all in my line." " Was not, you mean ! You have done a great deal lately, dear. You have managed much better than I should have done." "Oh, mother, you must not say that. I always make mistakes somehow. I do not wonder father gets cross now and then I do not think if I lived to be a hundred I should make a good housekeeper. I hate it so ! " "Do you still, dear?" asked the mother, drawing her commonplace daughter to her and kissing her puckered brow. "I had hoped that you were beginning to take to your work more. I am sorry so much has fallen upon you ; but it will not be for long now—then you must have your holiday." "There, now! I have made you unhappy. You think I am being worked to death when I am not. There is plenty of life still in me. I am beginning to think I am of a discon- tented turn of mind and would growl at everything. Do not worry over me, mother , dear, I am all right. Well, where is this clothing ? I will re- member all about it." When, after dinner, Ella entered the schoolroom, dressed for walking, and told her pupils there would be no lessons that afternoon, she was greeted with a shout of joy. She told them they could go out and about for a good long afternoon, but they must be sure and be in time for tea. There was a hurried whispering between Fan and Rob ; then the former exclaimed, " Ella, may we go to Millwood ? " and the latter chimed in, "Oh, yes, do let us ! " "Most certainly not" was Ella's firm answer. " Fan, I am surprised that you ask. You know you are never allowed to go without Madge, Arthur, or me. Now be good children, and keep away from mother's room. The day is so lovely; make the most of your holiday." Taking up her basket, Ella was turning to go, when little Mark ran up and offered to take it. " Let me carry it, Ella, it is not too heavy ; Ruth and me will go with you." " Yeth, we will go wif thu," lisped his shadow. However, Ella did not let them come beyond the porch. Stooping, she kissed the little man and maiden, and, thanking them, told them to go and have some fun with the others, then started on her errand. Having gone a few yards, she looked back. Some- thing of disappointment in the faces of the little chubby people watching made her run back and kiss them again, saying she really could not take them then ; some other day they should go. This cheered them, and, when, again on her road to the village, she turned once more to look at them, they formed a bright, happy picture which after events stamped indelibly upon her memory. Ever afterwards she rejoiced that she had not resisted the impulse which made her run back for that second kiss. Soon all signs of lessons were out of sight and the children out of doors. Fan and Rob, however, were evidently ill at ease, having some important secret. Leaving the little ones in the middle of a game, they drew aside and plunged into a hot argument. " I tell you, Rob, this will be the only time. It is all rubbish saying we will get into mischief. What could we do ? Surely we are quite old enough to look after the little ones even," declared 13-year old Miss Fan. "Of course we are," agreed Rob, "they are so much smaller; but you know she said we were not to go. It would have been different if you had not asked." "That is all very fine ! You told me to !" " Yes ; but you did it !" "Because you wouldn't! You are frightened, Rob. If I were a boy I wouldn't be frightened if a girl wasn't!" " I am not !" cried Rob angrily. " I am not a bit frightened, so there ! Only Ella said we were not to go. If you—" "Now you need not say that over again. Well, I don't care. I didn't say I wouldn't go. Ella did not make us promise. This is the only chance we will get. Emma was telling me only last night where the ghost was seen, and I do want to go and find out about it." "I don't believe, Emma !" declared Rob, grasping at a straw in the hope that it would get him out a difficulty. "Then you needn't! I do but then I am older than you, and know better what is true and what isn't. Well, I don't care what you do; I'm going to Millwood, so there." In the heat of the moment she raised her voice, and the others heard— " Going to Millwood ? Take me !" "Me too !" and "me too" was the general cry. " Nonsense; be quiet, children. Rob and I have something particular to do ; you be good and stay here." The refusal to take them raised such a hubbub that Fan, knowing all the time that she was doing very wrong, resolved to let them go rather than lose the chance of going herself. Turning a deaf ear to her conscience, she told the little ones to "come along," and set off. Rob stood irreso- lute, undecided how to act; but, catching something of a sentence thrown back at him by Fan about being afraid, he shouted to her to " hold on," he was coming ; and soon the five were hurriedly wending their way to the forbidden ground. As Ella had said, it was a glorious day, but Fan could not feel but uncom- fortable at the thought that she was leading the others into serious mischief. Mark, Ruth, and Stan must be held blameless. Rob she had overruled; she would not listen when conscience urged her to go back. Then, when the mill was reached, she forgot, her mis- givings in the usual delights into which they all plunged at once. It happened that the young housemaid, Emma, belonged to one of the families in the village, who boasted that a forefather had seen and and recognised the ghost at Millwood. This girl found a ready listener to her tales in Fan, who unknown to Ella, had during Madge's absence passed more of her time in Emma's company than was good for her. Her mind had been filled' with all kinds of silliness especially an ardent desire to unearth—rather un- cupboard—the spirit; for Emma knew exactly the recess into which it always disappeared. Ever since Fan had learnt this she had been on the look- out for an opportunity to set off on a voyage of discovery—the present time when all the authorities were away was too great a temptation for her. Arrived at the mill, a diligent search was made by the two elders, the three juveniles stopping obediently down below until told to come up. It was with a feeling of great disgust that Fan, poking into the last corners, was obliged to confess her search was useless, and heard Rob's exultant, "I told you so ! " Swallowing her chagrin, she suggested a romp, forgetting her resolve to go straight home directly the search was over. The little ones were summoned. Soon the old place rang with their shouts of laughter, the merriment waking up a steady-going old owl, which came swooping down from the rafters amongst them, and then flew out of a window, causing as much con- sternation as if it had been the ghost itself. Erratic Fan and Rob soon tired of their game, and devised some- thing else, which necessitated their being shut up in the top storey. A great deal of giggling reached the ears of the children below ; then Fan returned, saying Rob would be down soon. They were in the passage leading to the big door which opened upon the platform over the mill stream. This door was open, and they amused themselves by throwing bits of sticks and stones into the water, each trying to make the biggest splash. A remembrance of her disobedience had left Fan. She was laughing as merrily l'as any, when the door at the end of the passage opened and Rob came flying along, crying, " The ghost! The.ghost!" For a moment Fan forgot she had helped to plan the alarm to startle the little ones, and felt a cold shiver run down her back ; then, clapping her hands at the success of the surprise, she turned to greet Rob; but he, with a cry of horror, rushed past her through the door on to the platform. She followed, and saw that Mark, frightened out of his senses at the sudden alarm, had rushed upon the rotten old balcony, had slipped over the edge, and was clinging to a mere shadow of a support. Rob gripped one of his little hands, telling him to hold tight. There was a crash, a splash, a cry of agony—then an awful silence, and Fan was left standing alone on what was left of the rotten platform. Mr. Hedley, on parish duties bent, was wending his way through one of the sweet lanes which abounded near Brankwell, when someone came crash- ing through the hedge and stopped him. It was Fan Graham ; but her face was so blanched and was working so violently that it was a moment or two before he recognised her. "Fan, my dear child, what is the matter ?" he cried, shocked beyond measure by the terrible expression on the girl's face. Her lips moved hurriedly, her breath came in gasps but she could not utter a sound. Seiz- ing his hand, she made frantic signs for him to go as she bad come Thoroughly alarmed, Mr. Hedley went willingly enough, asking again and again what had happened. The girl gasped and straggled to speak as she madly dragged him along. At last he caught the words— " Mark — Rob — there," pointing through the trees. "Where are they! What is it ? Speak at once, Fan !" " Oh, don't st-op — come ! — oh, ple-ase come ! They are—in—the pool." As these words left her lips the clergyman shot ahead like an arrow. The mill was no favorite place of his —the pool he always had in especial dread—so a thrill of horror shot through him as he thought what might have happened before he reached the place. The picture which met his eye was one he could never forget. Rob, his face a picture of agonised waiting, seated on the ground support- ing Mark in his arms. Ruth and Stanley, too frightened to come near, clung to one another crying aloud most dismally. A glance at the little white face on Rob's arm and Mr. Hedley knew he was too late ; the little life was ended on earth, the child spirit had been called home. Hurriedly and confusedly the story of the accident was poured out as Mr. Hedley lifted the little burden from Rob's arms and turned to carry it homewards. From a bruise on the marble-like forehead he felt sure that the child had been killed in the fall—that he was not drowned. (To be continued.) 