Petersburg Variety Troupe. An entertainment was given by the above, assisted by lady amateurs in the Town Hall on Sports night (September 6). Despite the counter attraction of Wirth's Circus the Hall was fairly well filled, and had it not been for the clashing of the two events, the building would have been found to be far too small for the requirements. The stage was artistically draped and arranged, the regular set circle being dispensed with. Mr G.F. Elsey acted in the dual capacity of stage manager and Bones and did justice to both ; Mr Roberts made a good Tambo ; and Mr J. Davey was at home as Interlocutor ; Miss Heine (a new arrival), acting as accompanist. The programme—an unusually long one—was creditably carried out and gave general satisfacton, the audience frequently signifying their approval by loud prolonged applause. The following were the items presented : Part 1—Overture, Petersburg Orchestra ; Opening Chorus, " Under the old Oak Tree," Company ; Song, " Colleen Avara," Mr Jenkins ; Song, " The Wishing Cap," Mrs Norvill ; Song, " Last sweet words of Mother," Mr D. Johnson ; Song, " Save a Sunny Smile for Me," Mr T. Adams ; Song, " Mill May," Miss Owens ; Song (comic), " Mary is mashed on me," Mr Roberts ; Song, " Weeping Sad and Lonely," Mr George ; Song, " The Cabin, on the Mississippi Shores," Mr Taylor ; Song, '' The Gipsy Queen," Miss Cummings ; Song (comic) " Have you seen her," Mr Elsey ; con- cluding with the farce " Soldiers" by members of the troupe. Part 2.—Overture (piano), Miss Hiene ; Song (in character), " Captain Mishler," Mr Taylor ; Song, " The Lover and the Bird," Miss Owens ; Song, " Let me like a Soldier fall," Mr George ; Mr G. Steele, in his surprisingly clever Indian Club and Axe Swinging ; Song, (comic), " Rather," Mrs Norvill ; Song " Guard," Mr Jenkins ; Song, " Listening," Miss Cummings. At this stage Mr Rudland (Petersburg's own Ventriloqust) introduced his Mimetical, " Young Folks," to the notice of the audience by whom they were well received. The entertainment concluded with the farce " Athlete Mad," in which the characters were taken as follows :—The Athlete, Mr Rich- mond ; Jerry (his trainer), Mr Elsey ; Ghost, Mr Sharrard. During the interval Mr G. F. Elsey, on behalf of the Railway Athletic Club and the Variety Troupe, thanked the audience for their patronage. At the same time Mr Elsey, who stated that this would probably be his last public appearance at Petersburg, expressed his appreciation of the hearty support he had at all times received in his efforts on behalf of the various local institutions with which he had been connected. He had always found the public of Petersburg willing to assist local objects, and hoped the Variety Troupe would continue to flourish and that in the future he might have an opportunity of visiting Peters- burg and surveying them from the audience. The hall was then cleared for dancing which was kept up in to the small hours of Thursday morning. The day's proceedings were, we understand, financially very successful. 