VA REFORTEII'S ADVEN TURES. HOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAT- WON HIS SWEETHEART. pHREE o'clock in the morning is ni< uncanny hour the world over except ui police headquarters or in the office of > morning newspaper, and it was in this latter place, at the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "musb go in," sat with their feet on tbe tables and their chairbacks knocking tbe plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as ' t was when Adam doffed his beaicr and said "How d'y'do?" to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other- in all seriousness that he should marry. " What for ?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones, " Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to live." 44 A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m. and leaving home as soon as lie got his 12 o'clock breakfast." " But his wife would always know where ho was, and if she didn't, she'd know whom ever ho was after an item and had to be back at the office on time," remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put In Claudo, 44 if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get married ?" "Can't," said Charlie, very positively. 44 Why not?" "Thunderation, man, how's a follow to buy a. whole steamboat, when he hasn't .money enough to buy a splinter off a stago platik ? How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" " That's it," interrupted Claude ; " bow's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? What's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" " Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if tbe girl has her heart set on a tins- hand and can't get him ?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half -past three started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, arid'as ho passed a fine bouse, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry 'by the reportorial instinct, and he 'saw, instead of a blushing, bloom ing Mrs. ' Smith', a burglar cracking ' a millionaire's dining-room and shaking off w.ich his silver." He thought of the beauti ful scoop' he was going" to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door 'than he was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered that the robber was hot on the outside, but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trainod it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open and Charlie was ready to cry " throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost 'came but. " It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just- come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what tbe deuce is it?" He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into the vestibule and down the stops slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reporter, " it's a woman, and she's got on a night gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of tbe shadow and spoke to the ghostly walker. ; "Good evening," he said, nervously. 44 No, excuse me, I mean good morrting. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better eo back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an ordinary affair, 'and he did'nt require news paper instinct to tell him so. Tbe sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and came toward him. Tbe cold -chills chased each other down his back and lie looked for a policeman, with the usual result. \--"Stand back," he said, "this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But On it came, and Charlie found that, his legs wouldn't move, in spite of all he could de,to make them. One step more and he Rtood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and .be began to feel better. " 1 beg your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly.' Can I render' you any assistance. Is there ' anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the young ( woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then' the mystery was solved. " Another Amina," he said. "'La Son- nambnla ' off the ' stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is ago!" "I've gdt to take her in the house any how, that's plain," be said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door and rang the bell, and rang it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms in .a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. " What's this ?" he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut ihe door, you idiot-," gurgled Charlie, dropping t-he girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyrannis. " What does this mean ?" again shouted the young mail, and the remainder of the family came tumbling downstairs, none of them fixed to see company. "Let goof me and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. "You don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you ?" Some of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and the servants carried t-he unconscious girl upstairs, Charlie told the father and son how he had met the young lady and what the trouble was. Both men knew him by sight, and had met him on 'Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain the situation. Half an hour later tbe reporter was at home, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic things. W'heo he reached the office next day a note was waiting for him, and he was invited to call that evening on the mother of the young lady. He catted, of course. He saw the mother; lie saw the daughter, blushing and beauti ful, and now if Charlie is a bachelor much longer there will be a breach of promise suit or some other dreadful calamity, for Charlie's mind is made up. Lady (to shopman) : " Why do you call this the 'Nature purse'?" Shopman : 4 Because, madam, it abhors a vacuum." 