A Five Hundred Dollar Ghost. Before the construction of Guban rail oads, the journey from Santiago to Man canillo, over the passes of the Sierra thfaestra, was made in diligences-first cousins to the lumbering vehicles that still carry summer loads of tourists from gay Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo, and the bones of the unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in orie for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autumn day, somewhere back in the sixties, the American mail had landed its contingent of letters and traders at Santiago de Cuba, and toward evening one of the bulgy and dusty conveyances mentioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the Hotel de Cortez, loaded up with passengers and post packets for the interior. It was a stormy sundown. On the face of the round globe there is not a more over-estimated stretchl of water than the Carribean Sea, nor a greater delusion than that universally entertained by persons who have had no dealings with it as it is always smooth sailing there. It is Bay of Biscay and British Channel combined, and the wildest gale in their waters is a summer breeze compared with Carribean tornado. Such an elemental pastime was rising outside Santiago har bour on this evening, and our diligence, with its peaked and tassel-hatted driver screaming to his team of mules, its dozen inside passengers packed like sardines in a tin, and its majoral (conductor) swinging precariously, with dangled legs, in the leathern luggage cover, was followed up the steep and pebbly streets of Santiago and far along the defiles of the Sierra Maestro by the thundering swell of the Carribean Sea. It overpowered the cease less crack of the driver's whip and the music of multifarious mule bells; it drowned the conversational attempts, and deluged with white dust the twelve wretched "insides"; and it even closed the loquacious mouth of the majoral him self, a personage who, like our old post con ductors, was always stuckfull of anecdotes and ready to empty a pleasant glass with anyone. Little by little, as the diligence wound up and up, and deeper and deeper into the heart of the mountain, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened by beating against wall after wall of limestone; the roar sub sided slowly into fitful wails, and at last even these expired. The storm, succeeded calm-calm so profound as to be uncanny. The highest point of the pass was nearly attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip, for the way wound along the edge of chasms where there was scarcely foothold for the mules. Out of these deeps issued from time to time the weirdest and most unearthly of sounds. A rude cross caught the light on its naked arms as the coach lumbered by, and the majoral, who was following on foot, as was his custom in steep and stony places, crossed himself piously. "An Americano fell down the chasm here," he explained to a passenger whose curiosity was excited. "And his ghost haunts the spot, of course," subjoined a flippant fellow countryman of the deceased. "Every hair casts a shadow, senor," was the reply, unusually laconic for a majoral. Out of this episodic fragment of talk grew an animated conversation, with a sensational end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to howl, and dust to fly down open throats, the tongues of the twelve passengers began to wag, and by the time the dangerous point in the pass-also the highest point -was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mules, the insides, with their conductor precariously poised on the footboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens and ghostly tokens and afrites of the mountains. The inky hue of the clouds overhead, and the Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadful celerity, predisposed the mind to dwellon images of mystery and terror. Martias, the majors]al, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cuban, wittily superstitious and solemnly con ceited, had a well-padded story of rue. or wonder for every turn of the road. JAt that angle we havejust rounded," said he, "was found seven years ago at the season of the Annunciate an abandoned calesa (postchaise), empty and blood-stained, None of the vcencrs (inns) of Santiago owned it; none knew how it came there. But the diligence making its next bi weekly of the Santa Felisa Pass journey, was met by two spectres-a man and a woman-each with a bleeding wound slit on the left breast. They rose out of the gorge-there where the mules plunged -' the brutes remember it to this day, my senors-and the male afrite thrust a knife into the breast of the female, then into his own breast, after which both vanished down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Then we knew there had been murder and suicide-thus much, but no more. For thoagh diligent search was made at the foot of the precipice, it was unavailing. The spectres returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's son in all Cuba knew whence they came or who they were. Thus things went on till next Annunciata. Then came the Padre Vinez out of the ;Jesuit college at Havana, with four collegians, to make a sojourn in these mountains. What knowledge the lads "`should gather here-God and the learned padre alone wot. I plied with questions mine hostess of the yenta where they e lodged, but she laughed, and bade me mind the mules, and she would mind the geese. Well, the strange conceit :'whatever it was-that brought them up here bors fruit they looked for as little as we. Up among the peaks of these mountains, and nowhere else in all the Antilles, there live-See I senora, that inky spot overhead-Jesus! that cry only a woman in anguish and a devil-bird can shriek like that! Damned souls are prisoned in their vulture bodies" (devil birds, like owls, only fly abroad at night), ubut only in the hours of darkness may they give utterance to their woe. The ;devil-birds live and breed among the high ..crags of the Sierra asestra WYe Cubans never shoot them. The world is evil enough without setting damned souls loose in it. But a young Esrandl among the padre's pupils ran the risk. One morning he brought back to the yenta a -dead devil-bird that he had killed in the night. Mine host was for having it sprinkled with holy water and buried l i all haste; but Padre Vines laughed, a thing which rarely happened to such a Sve and reverend senor, and he and the lads took the unhallowed bird outside . and cut it open. San Domingo! what do they find among its entrails but a golden ring, small in size, and of fine workman ship, and with the name of Zara graven upon it! The mystery of the Santa FelisaPasswas unravelledat last. Jealous Molos, the husband of the lovely Antillian uqaladore, did not take her away with him in the American schooner after all. No, he took her up the Santa Felisa Pass, and ended love and jealousy for himself and her with two strokes of the knife 'Zara's ring is stored in the museum of Havana. Her body and Golos's received no buriaL They were devoured by devil birds, into whose bodies perchance their souls had already passed. Bat the lergy. of Santiago performed a service on the spot where the calesa was found, and sprinkled it and the gorge with holy water, aince which their spectres have troubled the pass no more." This story, which Matias garnished with abundant erxclamations and gestures, was received with grave and credulous interest by all the hearers save one. This was a young Georgian about (ve-and-twenty years of age, who gave himself out as traveller for a tobacco house in Baltimore. This young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the entire category of supernatural appearances. "Serve that sort of cake to your Cuban niggers, majoral," said he. "It has not suited my stomach since I was a schoolboy." "CGosas de Espano" (it is a matter of breed) retorted Matiss, grinning and shrugging his shoulders.. But the young. Yankee's fellow-travellers did not all take his con temptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the majoral's philosophic good humour. To have impressive narrations received with persistent mockery is a trial to the best tempered narrators, implying as it does not only doubts of their candour, hut a mean opinion of their intellectual capacity. One passenger in particular felt himself aggrieved by the Georgian's lovity of tonguc. This was a Mexcian of fifty or thereabout, solemn, cadaverous, and shorn.' faced, and looking like a Pampas cattle dealer in a prosperous way of business. His piercing ebon eyes, deep set under low, projecting brows, imparted a hooded-fal con-like expression to his physiognomy This man had related the omen of a cold hand, which in his family pretigured death by touching the shoulder of the doomed one, and instanced the case of his young wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alone with him on the Pampas, and died a few hours after in his armsi, without experiencing any pain or symptoms of ill ness. Several times during the narrative the young commercial had chuckled aloud, and he greeted the conclusion with shouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at him. "Young gentleman," said he, "though you laugh so lightly at the ghostly adventures of others, I make no doubt you would be the first to quail and tremble if anything similar happened to yourself." " Waal, stranger, if you mean I am a coward, you had better say so," retorted the Georgian, laughing louder and more offensively than before. "Loco (idiot), will you force me to prove your folly to you T" cried the older man, clutch' ing the shoulder of the commercial so hard with his claw-like fingers that he winced. " I declare to you that the sight of a ghost would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer crack. "I cale'lato it might, if it had your muscular claw, darn ye l" exclaimed the young Georgian, angrily, wresting his arm from the other's painful grip. "Every dem fool may have his opinion, but he mayn't choke it down other folks' throats, I reckon." In warm latitudes, when words run so high, an appeal to revolvers is imminent and such an issue of the discussion being undesirable in a crowded diligence, the other ten travellers interfered in- the interests of peace. The disputants showed themselves amenable to reason;' each leaned back again in his corner, and the stillness of the mountaid defile was broken only by the driver's professional oaths, and the jingling bells of his six blanked mules. The journey, now all down hill, proceeded rapidly, and shortly before mid. night the first and longest stage on the tour to Manzanillo ended at a roadside venta, where supper was waiting for the travellers.. Over their broiled turkey and sliced hams, fried in oil, and fresh roasted coffee-the perfume of which still filled the house-the twelve "insides" grew gay and talkative. Gradually conversation worked round again to the subject of the supernatural, and in the cheerful security of the brightly lighted inn parlour the young commercial laughed still louder over his companion's stories than he had done in the mountain pass. The expression of the Mexican's face grew more and more significant. At last he stood up, and In a tone of sarcastic meace, Eaidl,." Young man, you defy me to prove what I said. Buono, I accept.- i- am prepared' to summon from the dead any person you name. If 'you can, laugh in the face of the spectre. Porridente I will say no more." At this unexpected challenge thq Yankeo.seemed to waver,-and his chal. lenger lauglhed derisively. " Comb, senor, close witlh him! Close with him!l" un animously urged the other ten travellers, who .were curious to. see the old- one's talent .put to the proof, "otherwise we shall think you verily are afraid." "Then I calo'late I'll convince yer to the con trairy," drawled the Georgian. "1I'm sot on Jumbi ' (the spirit worshipped by the negroes of thle Antilles, supposed to reside in ceiba trees), be added, addressuing the cattle-dealer, and eapectorating oiver bhis shoulder into the fireplace. " You bet he's somewhere around. We passed a grove of ceibas just now." "Corpo di Christi! am I a nigger or a Johnny Crow!" cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflanime at the insult implied by the young man's address. "Can you not see the senor is afraid, and wants to back out of 'the business I" sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "D'ye want to digest your supper with a little lead, strauger 1" inquired the Yankee tapping his breast-pocket suiggestively, but before the cigar-roller, who seemed eager to accept this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back in his chair. and his voice drowned by eager and in. sistent cries of " The challenge-keep tc the challenge, gentlemen!" "Let senor Americano signify whom among the deo parted he wishes to see, and I am ready," said the eettle-dealgr, who 14d recovered his phlegm. " It is understood that I bet him six hundred American dollars that he will drop down with fright before the apparition I conjure up-" "Hold there h Six hundred dollars is more than I can afford to risk I" interrupted the American. " Since the senor so positively denies the existence of spirits, there can be no risk for him," insinuated the Mexi can, an argument that was unanimously applauded. I can't wager what Ihaven't got," persisted the young commercial, "but i'll bet you a hundred dollars, if that will auit you." The Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and langhed contemptuously. *" Conjure up a spirit from the abas for the miserable sum of one hundred dollars I No, senor. My wager stands at six hund red. If you accept that--well; if not, I shall take the liberty of be'ieving you lack the gepdful courage." By this time the 'curiosity of the ten spectators had reache4 such a pitch that they were prepared to pay almost any price for its gratification. One of them exclaimed, "Senors, let us oo- operato to settle this diffculty. We are ten i number, Ucre i lay dows fifty dollars: if each of you well do likewis, with senor Americano's hundred we shall have made up the sum." This proposi tion was eagerly accepted, and in less time than it takes to relate, 500 dollars were handed to the young commercial, with the understanding that if he won the bet the profits should be equally shared among the ten contributors. Ue did not appear overjoyed at the facilty afforded him for establishing his claim to be a man of courage; on the contrary, he became pale and uneasy, and'it wee not till the mock ing whispers aroaed grew so loud that he could no longer pretend to be deaf to them, that he said, with a forced laugh, whieh had mighty little bravunra in it. '-Waal I guess it's a done job, guvner. Go ahead and lose yer money as quick as yer like." The landlord of the v'nta agreed to place an empty room at the disposition of the necromancer, and the Mexican having selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, and shut the door upon him. He himself remained outside in the garden with the rest of the co'n pany, whose excitement was aroused to the highest pitch by the cabalistic nature of the next proceedings. Placing himself opposite the closed door the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly some formula in an unknown tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-sunk eyes seemed peletrating to the depths of Avernue. " Who shall I call " -hI asked at length. "Fair Zara, the female bull-fighter !" was the answer that came back from the dark room. The Mexican resumed his incanta tions. "I calc'late the lady's husband obljects to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'ens both, stranger," jeered theyoung commercial, as the ghost delayed to appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his mutterings. .At the end of another live minutes tlap Georgian called out, "Look here, Balsamo, give over swearing, and let me out. I can't afford to lose the diligerice whilst your ghosts are getting on their ten league boots." "There is time, senor; there is time !" called back the majoral, who stood agape with curiosity behind his passengers. " What do you see I" demanded the deep voice of the Mexican. "Nothing," was the prompt reply. An interval of a few moments, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was a pause, and then in a somnewhat. unsteady voice the answer came, "I see a white vapour at the end of the room-you are letting in steam to frighten me i" "What comes out of the vapour 1" questioned the Mexican. Another pause, longer than before, and then the tremulous interjection; "It is a figure. It approaches, but I do not care. It is all a delusion." "What does the delusion do "- demanded the conjurer, with a sneer of menace in his tones. - A sort of shuddering gasp was audible on the other side of the door, then on a sudden a piercing cry. "A woman's kiss I No! the lips were fre-the arms ice. Let me go, fiend :there is blood on her neck ! Let me go ! I am stifling-strangling ! Ah I . I can't bear it I Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help ! Help !" A heavy fall was heard inside the room. Some of the company tore open the door, whilstothers fetched a light. The commercial lay on the floor in convulsions, the ghost, ef course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water en the man's face, slapped his hands and feet, shook him, and rubbed him with vinegar, frightened out of their -wits at the alarming consequences of the spectral wager. At last he came to. Drawing a deep breath, he opened his eyes, and cast a terrified glance toward the end of the room, as if he expected to see the glassy gaze of the murdered matiudore still rivetted upon him. His relief at finding the apparition gone was quicklysucceeded by an outburst of fury against the wixard who had called it up. "Where is he gone " he cried. "Where is the blanked swindler who has been trying to gammon me with his ghost ? It was a gull, i cheat! The dead don't return." He looked savagely about him, but the Mexi. can trader was not there; he had stayed behind in the garden. " Where is he skulking? Let me come at him !" shouted the young commercial, and before anyone had time to prevent him, he shot out into the garden like a cannon- ball. The others followed in a state of panic, expecting a catastrophe if the two men met. It was pitch dark in the garden, and they called aloud to the Mexican to beware of the exasperated Yankee. But everything remained quiet. Presently more lights were brought, and strict search was made among the beds of yams and cassava and the patch of sugar-cans in the venta garden, It resulted in the discovery of nothing but a young mongoose, probably sarbouring thievish desigae on mine host's turkeys. A low hedge of cofeehbushes separated the garden from the adjacent country, which was enveloped in the black ness of a stormy midnight. Under cover of this Impenetrable gloom the magician and the sceptin, their theatrical animosity laid aside with the completion of their rdles, had accomplished an easy evasion, carrying with them the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow. passeeengers. Some of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others affirmed that the entire adventure was the work of the devil and his asents. The debate on these points occupied the whole of the next stage. The majoral was of course drawn into the argument, but he would not commit himself. " God only knew, The Americanos were won't tosay there were dollars in Cuba foi men who kept their eyes skinned, and skinned eyes might also see ghosts ! For the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to his opinion." The majoral could afford to 'e philosophic and impartial. He had lost nothing, ard ho had acquired a new and exciting tale of the road. 