OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRKSPONnEN'T.* Christmas is over, and a New Year, without any visible promise of the coming happiness and prosperity which everybody has been for a week past wishing to every body else about, for whom he or she generally doesn't care twopence, has been entered upon.. The great annual Christian festival, as it has been variously observed, is done with. There have been special services in the churches, special activity among the Salvation Army warriors, and special work for the police. There have been picnics and junketings of all sorts, race meetings, dances, fights, with and without gloves, and tho! number of empty bottles now to be found strown about holiday resorts and littering the great solemn Bush of the in terior, proves that even though some of us and ale Disasters and deaths have punc tuated the general enjoyment. A China man has been sportively slaughtered, and a woman apparently outraged and murdered, and there is mourning in many families for those suddenly lost. The Saturday night Avhieh ended the old year was one of the wildest as to weather that we have had in Sydney for a long time. Gardens were wrecked, houses blown down, and a general disregard of the rights of property shown by the; elements. And amid all the distur bance larrikins went abroad in gangs ' vex ing the dull ear of night' with bells and brazen instruments of discord, removing gates, throwing flour on tax-payer's and their families, and occasionally, I am glad to say, ferociously attacking and seriously injuring each other. It is a sad enough New Year for many. A number of firms which havo been waiting to ascertain their last half year's business results before deciding on what should be (lone for the future, have determined to further reduce their hands and cut down ex penses. It is pretty certain that private employment will be less brisk during the coming year than during the past. And it is absolutely sure that there will be a great dearth of State employment — save for the relatives or friends of political Sonic bodys. The present state of the Treasury foreshows a continued abstention from the undertaking of public works of any magni tude. Mr See now finds that the dehcit will i.n 4-in/i nnn tu,, „,n,in the financial statement a few weeks ago. It is a surprising circumstance — or rather it would be so if one did not know what poli tical exigencies sometimes demand — that this announcement was not made earlier. Mr Sec stands confessed by the way every thing in the shape of a financial forecast emanating from liim has gone wrong as one of the most incompetent Treasurers we have ever had. And his political economy is of the same family as his figures. He attri butes everything that has happened to wreck his calculations to the Depression, and appears to regard the depression itself as an awful initial force of some kind, and a mysterious dispensation of Providence. It is pathetic to read the babble with which men holding so responsible and dan gerous a public position as Mr Sec seek to evade the admission of their own incapacity, and the more so because many people can be found who believe that there is truth or sense in it. The other day iu Parliament the Treasurer, whn is it VlmtRf.nr in n. fJn. vcrnment that professedly favors and seeks to impose land value taxation, made it quite clear that he had not the ghost of a notion as to what land value taxation meant, anil mixed it up with the taxation ot areas as in Victoria. And in speaking to a representa tive of tho Daily Tdcjjraph regarding the present financial and industrial '? slump,' lie said, among other things of tho same sort, that there had been a shrinkage in the rail way receipts, which the new duties could not have possibly caused. Everybody, even ardent protectionists who arc in earnest (and I know and respect several, while dis agreeing with them on some points), admit that the purchasing power of the people has been reduced by the new duties. If that is so it is not perfectly clear to auyonc possess ing a brain and not interested iu misrepre senting matters, that railway returns must be reduced '! If people find it harder to pay their weekly bills, tliey curtail travelling expenses. If they consume less goods be cause of higher prices, then less goods arc carried along the railways. Then the in creases in railway employes pay are stopped, the service cut down at every possible point, and the depression intensified. Nothing is more sure than that this colony is bcin^ allowed by an incapable helmsman to drift upon rocks already plainly in sight. All the present Government pro pose to do is let things go on and trust to a Providence which never seems to interfere in matters of public finance to pull them through. They dare not for fear of the people attempt to raise further taxation luioii goods of common use. For fear of tho National Ass they daro not tax land values. The legitimate functions of the Government I in constructing needful public works are | thus paralysed, and the army of unemployed will grow larger. In the meantime a flood of appointments have been made aud Go vernment billets filled in a brazen manner. A member of the Civil Service Commission told me the -thcr day of 700 of theso, mostly temporary, but when a man who is anybody's friend gets a temporary Govern ment billot worth having he takes some shifting. A nice lot they arc, too, judging by one sample who came under my notice. Ho had received nn appointment to take charge of a Government pumping station, at ? (but no matter). After securing it, ho repaired to one of the principal machinery establishments in Sydney, and put in a day endeavoring to find out what you havo to do to get up steam in an ordinary engine. He waut cd to know where you put the fire, and how much of it ; alno how you cot her going; aud returned persistently to the monotonous euquiry, ' What's this thing for as a valve or a gaugo-glasa met his astouiuhed gaze. He had only ono clear idea about steam engines, which was that they ought to be made in the country, and would be if the people only gave Tom Slattery a fair show. But Mr See says the rapidly growing defi cit don't matter #at all. He will retrench, and furlller practice .ih'o virtue ot cctinomy. An extra hundred thousand will have to bo docked out of wages and other expenditure. Tho Press lets him down lightly. He is tho most ghastly failure, as a Treasurer, thoy candidly admit, that ever the sun shone upon, but is on the right track in preaching economical administration. Tho whole poli tical outlook is depressing in tho extreme. What is apparent is the want of sincerity and ability in those charged with public ad ministration. And their critics arc seemingly as helpless. There is no suggestion made of any principle in revenue-raising which should be sought for and followod. Any legislative arrangement of shreds and patches — anything to keep out the rain for the time being, seem to be all the press advisers of the people seem ablo as a general rule to — advise. 