AFTER much deliberatiou and hesitation and, probably after a struggle with conscience, the IKtfsf Australian has joined the gang of Swan River parochialists. The Daily News has never posed as a newspaper advocating the principles of political economy or broad views of policy ; but the West Australian has always set itsolf'np as the leading papor of the colony. Nobody was surprised, a few weeks ago, to find the Daily News approving of the action of the Government in advising miners to avoid the Esperance Bay route. The Daily News professes itself a protectionist, and a protectionist would stop at nothing short of crime to create trade. The West Australian, however, is a freetrader and, being the leading organ, broad views of policy from it are expected. We have now, however, the spectacle of the two Perth daily papers on the same platform—a platform as narrow, as bigoted, as selfish as was ever adopted by any journal. That platform may shortly be put as " Down with Esperance Bay ; down with Albany !" and down with everything that is likely to stand in the way of Perth and Fremantle. The nobleness and highmindness of the policy is beyond comparison with anything in history. It surpasses the Irish boycott and the terrorism of strikers. We should, we suppose, have to go back to the history of the aboriginal races to discover any policy of the same character. In plain words our contemporary lays it down that in order to give the trade of Coolgardie and Dundas Hills to the " settled districts," communication with these fields should not be opened from Esperance Bay. Should Dundas Hills prove a permanent field, the Yilgarn Railway, our contemporary suggests, should be continued to it. Further on, he suggests that goods landed at Fremantle can even under present conditions be got to Dundas Hills as cheaply as they can from Esperance Bay. He contends that to open up a route from Esperance Bay is to open the goldfields country to the trade of South Australian merchants, whereas a route via Fremantle would give the trade to the •'settled districts." The whole of the article echoes the sentiments of the Daily News and of Mr. W. Sandover. It indicates that tho Perth editors, the Perth and Fremantlo merchants, and many of the Perth and Fremantle people are in a condition of fright. They have always been afraid of Albany, and now Esperance Bay has arisen as a ghost to give the pangs of fear to their weak hearts. They have always lived under the notion that it was as much the business of the Government to find them food and drink as it is for a hen to provide for her chickens. When now they see a danger of some of the titbits not coming their way, they expect their hen to fly in a rage and fight for the plunder. It is to be always " cluck," "cluck" ifor them. There is, however, this fault in the illustration. The lien, like the sound politician that she is, acknowledges the constitutional right of each of her chicks to fair play. il She does not cry " oluok," cluck" for the benefit of one or two of her brood, but all are given an equal chance. The West Australian seems to be of the opinion that the goldfields were intendod by Nature to provide trade for Perth and Fremantle and that unless they do this, the better plan would be to close them up. The interests of the miners and of the shareholders, in his opinion, are as nothing as compared to the interests of the Perth and Fremantle business people. He would swamp the colony in debt in >order to connect the fields by railway ' with Fremantle. He suggests that the railway should be continued to Coolgardie and Dundas Hills in order to connect them with the Central Districts. In his simplicity he imagines that five hundred miU\s of railway could compete with one hundred miles of road. Supposing, however, that he got his way, we should like to know who would supply the goldfields. Do not the Adelaide and Melbourne merchants to-day do the bulk of the trade of the colony 7 If Esperance Bay were opened up, a town would arise there and stores would be started. Would not the people in that town be West Australians ? Would they not contribute to the public revenue and prove a benefit to the colony even if, like the merchants of Albany, Fr«mantle, Perth, Geraldcon and every other town, they obtained their supplies largely from the Eastern Colonies. We should like to know what the Perth and Fremantle merchants a } have done for the colony that would justify the expenditure of millions of money in order to provide them with trade. The barriers of tho tarilT do not seem sufficient for our contemporary, even though they mean a high cost of living. He desires tho actual interference of the Government to prevent tho port that is easiest of access to the goldfields from being utilised. We cannot suppose for one moment that the Government will accede to that desire. Should they do that, they will stand disgraced in the eyes of Australia. Their duty is to givo all parts of tho colony an equal chance of development and not to hamper the progress of one district in order to favor another district. Above all they must give what assistance is necessary to the goldfields irrespective of whether trade will go to b'remantle or to Geraldton or Esperancc or Albany or even Adelaide. The progress of the colony is not to be ell'octed by endeavoring to ccntro all trade upon Fremantle. If a road from Esperance Bay to Dundas Hills and beyond will cause mines to be opened and machinery to be put in operation, then it is manifestly the duty of the Government to make that road. The interests of the merchants are of no account as compared with those of tho miners and the capitalists who own the mines. If it is found that there is trade to be done at Esperance, the Fremantlo and Albany merchants can surely obtain a share of it. As to the Albany merchants we havo no doubt whatever of their ability to do the Esperance Bay trade. They are within a diiy's steam of that port whereas Adelaide is nine hundred miles away. It will, at any rate, be bettor for Albany and for the colony for Esperance to grow into a considerable town than for her to remain in her present condition. IJut whatever we or the Perth and Fremantle people may wish will not much affect the situation. If the people on tho fields find it to their interest to trade through Esperance, they will do it. Trade has nothing of sentiment about it. The Perth newspapers, the Perth merchants and the Govern men t may do whatever is in their power to prevent a town arising at Esperance and they will fail. And their failure will be attended with a feoling of shame for selfish viovvs and discreditable conduct. 