FICTION. Vron» EttRlIib, Amarleno, and Otbar par I o di cala. PAULINA LISLE. PART I.-CHAPTER I. DUKE MASON'S ADVENTURE. Dake Mason had lost his way. There could be no doubt about it. As he paused in perplexity and gazed around him, five struck sharply from the distant Speckhaven churches, clearly heard through the still, frosty air, and at 5.10 the express train from London left Speckhaven station. Only ten minutes to spare, and com- pletely lost and bewildered, a stranger in Lincoln- shire, and with not a notion of whereabouts he might be now. Mr. Mason paused with a face of disgust at his own stupidity, and looked about him. "Westward lay the fens and marshes, meltJDg drearily away into the low gray sky j eastward spread the wide sea, a bleak blast sweeping icily up, with all the chill of the German Ocean in its breath ; and north and south the dismal waste land stretched away, treeless, houseless, unspeakably forlorn and de- serted. The month was March, the day the 25th. Was Duke Mason likely to forget the date of that memorable day, when he lost his way, and the romance of hiB life began ? For seven-and-twenty years his life had gone on, as flat, as dull, as uneventful as those flat marshes that lay on every side of him, as gray and colour- less as yonder cold gray sea, and on this twenty fifth of Mardi, wending his way at his leisure to catch the express train for London,and mistaking the road, an adventure so singular and romantic befell him as to almost atone for those hopelessly stupid and respectable seven-and-twenty years. The short March day was darkening already. The yellow wintry snn had dropped out of sight down there behind the fens and sandhills ; the sVy and sea were both of the same cold gray, except Vhere the one long yellow line westward marked the sombre sunset. " It reminds one of Byron's poetry," thought Mr. Mason, who, being an artist in a very small .way, had on eye for atmospherio effects ; " lead colored sea, melting into lead-coloured eky-dull yellow glimmer westward. Flat marshes, and wet fens, sea-fog creeping up, and solitary individual in foreground, gazing moodily at the creeping gloom. I've seen worse things on the line, in the academy, and hundreds of people agape with admiration, only unhappily this sort of thing is much more attractive in oil or water-colours than in reality at five o'clock on a cold March evening, without a house or a soul near, and just too late for the train, I wonder where I am. I'll try on a little way, and find out if I can, without going round to town." Mr. Mason gave up contemplating the general Byronic aspect of the scene, and went forward on Ms lonely road. He was mounting the rising ground now, and in ten minutes more stopped again and knew exactly where he was. " The Grange, by all that's mysterious !" he exclaimed, aloud ; " and five miles from the station, if an inch. "What an ass I must have been, to be sure, to take the wrong turning, when I've been along here fifty times duiiag the last fortnight. It looked like the end of the world. A high atone wall rose up abruptly, barring all farther progress-bwo massive stone gates frowned darkly on all observers. Within roBe the waving trees of a park, and in their midst you caught sight of tall chimneys and the peaked gables of a red-biick mansion. Duke Mason had come upon the grange in the spectral twilight of the March day, and the Grange was that most awful habitation, " a haunted house." It was a weird scene and hour. He was perhaps as matter-of-fact and unimaginative a young man as you will easily find, but Duke's skin turned to "goose-flesh" as he stood and thought of the awful stories he had heard of yonder solitary mansion among the trees. It was so deatbfully still-it was like the enchanted castle of the Sleeping Beauty, only far more grim, else the handsome youug prince had never summoned up courage to enter ; it was like a huge mausoleum ; no smoke curled up from the great twisted chimneys, no dog harked, no sound bat the moaning of the wind among the trees, broke the ghastly silence. " And yet people eat, and drink, and sleep there," mused Mr. Mason, " and its more dismal and more dead than the tomb of the Pharaohs. And. they say there's a lady shut up there as lovely as all the houris of Mahomet's paradise. If a fellow could only get in there now and see for himself." The young man looked wistfully at the frowning ¿gates,, at the solid masonry, as he had many a time looked and longed before. Ton have read how African travellers brave burning winds, sandy -deserts, fever and plague, to return to that fatal and fascinating land once they have seen it. Some such irrestible witchery did this lonely, haunted house hold over this very commonplace young man from London. Day after day he had come thither and sketched the grim stone walls, the massive gates the tossing trees, and the peaked gables, bnt no sign of 'life had he ever seen, no glimpse of the Sleeping Beauty, hidden away in its desolate walls, had he ever obtained. , The place was known as Lyndith Grange, and like sweet Thomas Hood's Haunted House lay Under some prodigious ban ol «communication. Two hundred odd years ago, before this gray March gloaming, in the days when gentlemen wore velvet doublets Bud elim rapiers, and pinked their neighbours under the fifth rib for very'little provo cation there dwelt in yonder silent mansion a fierce old warrior, who had brought home to the Grange a pale, pensive young bride, as fair as a lily and almost as drooping. Inside those walls the honey- moon had been spent, and then Sir Malise went forth to fight for his king, and the pale bride .was left alone. And then theflegend ran, _of & fair-haired, handsome cavalier, who 'made his way through the ponderous door^ of a servant's betrayal, of a fiery husband returning full of «alous wrath, of a duel to the death in one of those oaken rooms, and of the handsome cavalier falling with a sword-thrust through the heart at the frantic lady's feet-of a mad woman shut up to shriek her miserable life away in thoBe same dismal rooms, and of a stern old general who fell at the head of his men. And the fair-haired cavalier and the i lady with the wild streaming hair and woeful face, haunted (said the legend) Lyndith Grange to the present day. Ko one lived in the place long, for certain, whether it was the ghosts, or the damp, or the loneliness that drove them away, and things gradually fell to decay, and the Lyndith family left the Grange to tne rats and the spectres, and its own bad name, for many a loDg year. But two years before this especial evening upon which Mr. Mason stands and scrutinizes it, the neighbouring town of Speckhaven was thrown into commotion by the news that the Grange was occupied at last. Furniture had come down from London-two servants-a hard-featured old woman, and a stolid boy, had purchased things in the town and brought them to the Grange. And in the silvery dusk of a May evening a tall gentleman-dark and grim bad been driven with a slender lady, closely veiled, to the haunted house from the Speckhaven station. After that, for three or four weeks, no more was known of those mysterious people or their doings. They were still at the Grange, but no one visited them ; their very names were unknown, the great gates were always locked and bolted, and the hard featured old woman and stolid boy kept their master's secrets well and told no tales. One stormy June night, as Dr. Worth sat in his parlour, in the bosom of his family, slippered and dressing-gowned, thanking his gods that the work of that day was ended, there came such a thunder- ing knock at the front door, and directly after such a peal at the office bell, as made the chief physician of Speckhaven spring to his feet and grind some- thing suspiciously like an oath between his teeth. " It's a lady took sudden and uncommon bad," his servant announced, " which the gentleman says his carriage is at the door, and you're to come im- mediately, if you please, sir." Dr. Worth groaned ; the rain was pouring, the night was dark as the regions of Pluto, and his ten o'clock glass of punch stood there, untasted, and his bed all ready. In five minutes, coated and hatted, he joined the gentleman waiting in the passage. He had declined to enter. "I took a sharp look at the fellow, sir," Dr. Worth always said, when relating this marvellous story, aud it was a story he was very fond, indeed, of relating. " I had a sort of presentiment, if you belieye me, even then, that there was something wrong about this sudden call. None of my lady patients were likely to be ' took sudden and un- common bad.' You see thaï account could only apply to one interesting class of patients, and I scrutinized my gentleman keenly as he stood in the passage. But his broad-brimmed hat was slouched over his nose, and his coat-collar so turned up that I could see nothing but a luxuriant crop of black whiskers and a cruelly aquiline nose." " Who's the lady, sir ?" brusquely demanded Dr. Worth. "No patient of mine, I know. And what's the matter ?" " For Heaven's sake, don't stop to talk now !" ex- claimed the gentleman. "We've five miles to go, and the road is beastly. I'll tell you as we drive along." The doctor hastened after him to the carriage a handsome landau and pair-and the driver whirled them off directly. Only once during that night drive, through the pouring rain and inky darknesB, did the. stranger open his lips. " We are going to Lyndith Grange ¡ and the case is what you medical men call an interesting one, I believe, I have only one request to make ; that is that you will talk of this matter as little as pos- sible. I will double, treble, quadruple your fee." And then silence fell. " And you conld have knocked me down without a feather when I heard our destination," said Dr. Worth, when he tells it to this day with the greatest gusto. " I was to visit the Lyndith Grange, see the mysterious lady, and get my fee quadrupled. Not speak of it, indeed-I who never had an adventure in my life. It was streaming, a clear case of cats and dogs, but what would a water- spout have mattered now ?" They reached the Grange-the ponderous gates flew open-they whirled up a long avenue and stopped. A minute later and the doctor, at the heels of his leader, was traversing draughty corri- dors and endless suites of dreary rooms. At the door of an apartment, in a long, chill ball, the mysterious gentleman halted. "Tour patient is here, doctor," he said, im- pressively. " Use all your skill to-night. Be« member, the lady must be Baved !" And then he held the door open for the doctor to enter, closing it immediately, and Dr. Worth found himself in a vast room, all oak flooring, oak panel" ing, massive old furniture, and a huge curtained bed in the centre of the room, big enough and gloomy enough for a sarcophagus. A wood fire burned in one of the tiled fire-placos-a couple of wax candles made specks of light in the darkness, and the hard featured old woman sat in a chair, sewing on little garments by the wan light. At half-past ten Dr. Worth entered that room. At half-past two he left it. The old woman held a female infant, this time, in her arms, and during all those hours the Speckhaven doctor had never once seen the face of his patient. The heavy silken curtains shaded her in deepest gloom, and her face had been persistently turned from him and buried in the pillows. She seemed very young; on the delicate left hand a wedding-ring shone, masses of golden hair fell like a veil oyer her j the voice in which once or twice she answered him was Bweet and fresh beyond that all was guesswork. The man, still hatted and overcoated, was pacing up and down the long hall when the doctor came forth. "Well?" he asked, in a voice of suppressed intensity. "Well," replied Dr. Worth,,rather shortly, "it is well. t The lady's 'as''well1 as can expected,' and the baby's'about the size of a full-grown wax doll." " And she is sure to live ?" " That depends upon which ' she' you mean. They're both shes. If you mean the lady-" "The lady of course!" said the gentleman, angrily and haughtily. " The lady's all right, then, with common care, but I wouldn't like to stake my reputation upon the baby's existence. Still, as it's a girl, and taking the natural obstinacy and contrariness of the sex into consideration, I dare say it will insist upon living also, in spite of nature and its pre- sent Liliputian proportions. I will return to-mor- row, of course, and-" " And, with all deference to yon, sir, you'll do nothing of the sort. You'll return no more. Here's your fee-I think you'll find it ample. My man will drive you back to town, and the less you say of this night's work the better." In another half-hour the Speckhaven doctor was again in the bosom of his family, the richer by fifty guineas for his fonr hours' work.r And just two weeks later the mysterious inhabi-1 tanta of the Grange vanished !as 'suddenly and J strangely as they had come, and the old house was ' given over again to the murdered cavalier and mad ' lady. For nearly two years, and then again, as unex- pectedly as before, a tall gentleman came down by the London train, bringing a slim, veiled lady and the same two servants back. The gentleman left the lady and returned by the next train, and who they might he, and whether they were the same, and what they could mean by such unaccountable goings on, all was conjecture in the town of Speck haven. This was two months before this twenty fifth of March on which Duke Mason stands and gazes, and no one had penetrated the secret, or seen the lady yet. If he only could be the man. He had wished the same wish at least a score of times, and nothing had come of it. On this evening Destiny had made up her mind to let him have his way. As he stood there in the gloaming, he heard, for the first time, voices and footsteps within. His heart gave a leap. The footsteps were fast ap- proaching, the voices drawing near, carriage wheels ground over the gravelled avennc. " You'll need to drive fast, Joseph," said a woman's voice. " You haven't ten minutes to get to the station, and it's as much as your place is worth to keep the master waiting." " Don't I know that-hang 'em !" responded a sulky voice ; " a string o' oaths fit to sink a ship if a chap's half a quarter o' a second behind time. I tell you what, Misses Grimshaw, the wages is good, I don't deny, but I'll be jiggered if I can stand this life much longer. Newgate's a pallis 'longside of it." The sound of bolts withdrawing, of a key turo-. ing slowly in a rusty lock, warned the listener they were about to appear. Duke Mason darted behind one of the huge buttresses-the falling darkness screening him as well. He could see quite plainly, himself, unobserved. A heavy-featured groom drove out in a two wheeled chaise, and an elderly, thin-faced woman stood looking after him, and swinging a huge key. "Look here, Joseph," she said, "I wish you'd lock the gate, and take the key with you ; I've the master's dinner to get, and you know how particular he is,, and its nigh on a quarter of a mile's walk down here from the house, and its no good fetching me down again when you're coming. JUBÍ lock the gate on the outside, Joseph, will you, and take the key along ?" She inserted the key on the outside, and hurried up the avenue out of the cold, shutting the gate before she went. Joseph looked steadily at the closed gates. " I've left it unlocked afore, and no harm came of it, and I arn't going to get dowu now. If there never was a lock on this old rat-trap, people would run a mile sooner than venture in, and wery right they is. I'll be back in an hour, and aren't going to get out to do it, and save your old bones, Mother Grimshaw." With which Joseph gathered up the reins, and gave the horse his head, and trotted off. Duke Mason emerged, his breath fairly taken away with surprise and delight. At last! There stoqd the gates unlocked and unbolted, and the way to the hidden princess was clear. He drew the key from the key-hole, opened the massive gate cautiously, drew it after him again, and in the chill gray of the March evening stood within the grounds of the Grange. 