GERMAN FOLKLORE. It is fitting to begin the roll-call of super stitions with one oonneoted with tho Brst of the year. The dreams of Now-year'e Night, Hausfraus will tell you, invariably oome true. A similar -property is aocorded to the first night's dreain in a strange house ; that, it is said, is sure to oome true, -no matter how preposterous and improbable It may appear to be. If the child in the cradle laughs in its sleep, the mother's heart is gladdened by the thought that anarels are whispering to it. If a tempest is brewing, she Bhndders, and prays for the poor dis tracted soul that has just died by ia own hand. If a star falls, she sighs for those who loved the dead man or woman; and when scientists rejoice over the diseovery of a new stsir, die only haB tears for the be roaved mother whose lost ohild the star represents. She checks the heedless girl who would rock the oradle empty, ignorant that thereby she rooks the baby's rest away. Shewatchee heedfnlly leetthe tears of the mourners should fall oh the dead man in the coffin and make him restless in the grave ; and she chides the children who would eat oS one plate, oareless that by so doing they will become enemies for life. When the sky darkens, she 1b wise enough to know a babe has been bom that will be a scourge to itself and its neighbors ; and she is heedful not to point upwards, less Bhe should destroy the rainbow, or lay knives edge uppermost on the i table— for they wonld cut the angels' feet — or negleot to knock at the wine-oaf: ks when there is a death in the house, for such negleot would turn the good -ine aour. Bhe shuns the neighbor who spins on Saturday night, to r she will walk after . her ..death;' .and the neighbors who sew on Sunday and oh Gjod Friday, for they will be slxnok by lightning. She mutters the Paternoster when she 'watohes a shooting-star; crushes empty egg-shells lest witches should get into them; and refrains from looking in the mirror at night lest the Prinoe of Darkness should glanoe over her shottlder. . If she is born on a Sunday she oan see ghosts, and is quite untroubled by the gift, bheis.leatned in weather-lore, and. knows that rainon Sti. 'John's Day will'ppeU thfe' huts; that oold April £ivos bread ard winC, ihat the mooh's chahge on a' Friday betokens storm '; and that wheat sown oh : Bt.. JIauripe's Day. will be blighted. . If she is Vuiip.us toknowjvhit will happendnripg the' year, ' '.me creeps ^ in'tp the winter oorn on Christmas Eve ! ahd Ipears the future re vealed. . -,j , If she has many . troubles, she wears la girdle of lungwort bn;8t. John's Eve, and afterwards flings itinto thefire, : trusting that.as it burns her . griefs will wane and 'disappear.' When the wind blows tho long grass about, she calls the children abbot er, lest they should Stray away . and come upon theoora-wolf, whose stealthy pastage makes the grass eway thus. She forbida them to pull, the roses, whioh: are under ihe protection of Liurin, . king of the dwarfs ; or toaleep nndef an elder-bush, or even to pluck . its white flowers, lest tney should 'oflehd -the. petnlant Elder. Hotna. - 0{n: winter nightB, while she spins, she tells her lads and lasses of Holda, who wils her silver beat across -the dark Bkiesby night: . and 'of the moss-women whom the Wild Hontsmah pursues doring storms ! and of certain flowers whioh onoe were men aud women: : how :'ttio plantaln was a girl deserted by her lover, who used to wait by the wayside for him : how the maple was a .village beauty :who . loved a soldier not wisely buttoo well, and was pursed by her tnother : how the oamouilp., flowers were turbulent and rapacious soldiers, ohangbd after death into tills shape for their sins : how dead babies ascend to heaven crowned with etrawberry flfwers : and how orumba : of rye -broad plaoed ontha aaddleof atired phuufe win teuibve -hfa fatfttfe. : 