'Was It a Gliost They SawP"1 , Mrs. H. H. Jonnings lives at No. 211, Main: street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boarda with Lor. Tho house as an old one, bub in good order. One night ciirlv in Docomber- (1801) the two women locked all tho doors and went to t he theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. Thoy . left tho gas burning, however, .in the front parlour. At about half-past 11' thov returned, and entered tho house laughing and talking. But us tlioy went into the parlour tho morry humour died out of them in n 'second. Right in tho middle of tho room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his faco wan couconled by a mnsk, bis oyes gleaming through the oycholos in it. His suirt sleeves were roiled up. and iu ono hand he carried a long, old-fushioned piBtol. Tlio women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings cntno iu flvo minutes later, ho found no ono iu tho parlour and all tho doors nnd windowa securely locked; What' .was it tho womon saw P "During 11 recent period of ill health," writes on Amoricnn friond, "I had slept-' badly for sovorol successlvo nights. On tho fourth of theso nights about 2 o'clock, I wus suddenly aroused from a dozo by what teemed like the cullwg of uuj name ; and ut the fopt , of tho bed stood tho imago of my mother just as she looked flvo years before, us she wus ieuving homo to go on u jonmoy, on which journey she v/iis killed in u railway disaster. X screamed and fainted. I wns foolish enough to toll of it, and tlio locnl old womon gossips said it was a summons and I would novor get woll. Yet I did, and am in perfect licallh now. I beliove that vision came of my weak nerves, for I'vo novor soon it since, und it's more than thrco years ago now." No doubt it was tho nerves. Why, there's no end to tlio tricks the nerves will play off on you whon your system is out of condition, l'n March, 1800, it wns. tlmt Mrs. Juno Foster, of 'Durracott road, l'okesdown, Hants, wrote as follows: "I wan to .iheiu/fiillg Hereout I could not hear anyone in tlio room with me, yob I did not wish thorn far away iu cuso I should call out.for help. This was 111 .Tuna, 1831). I slopt very badly, nnd 111 tho morning folt little the better for having gono to hod. There was often a sovero pum in my heud and over my eyes, and I was sick most of tho time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tho ntomaoh and .bowels felt, cold and dead. By-nnd-by I liad to lio liolploss in bed. Tlio dootor siiid ho didn't kiibw.wbat my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid, food, and cq'uld not retain ovon that 011 iny stomach. By this timo I wus nothing hut skin und bono. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully X thought ' I should losu my senses, and my friends agreed that I would novor get hotter. "I lmd givon up nllhope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, culled and asked what I wns taking. SI10 told mo olio was liorsolf oaco just as badly off, and was cured by Mother floigcl's Curativo Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in throe days I was able to walk aoross tho room, and by tho ond of tho wook I wont down stairs. Now I am as woll as ever. I can eat and digest my food, und all my nervousness has loft me." The malady Mrs. Fester suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervons prostra tion. Tho original onuso was grief and shock at tho violent doath of her husband, by accident, nnd tho system rallied only whon tho syrup had givon now vigour to tlio digestion and thus fod and toned the nerves. . Whatever may bo your opinion of tho Bridge port ghost, it remains truo that most uncanny visions and sounds moan nothing more or loss than a set of norvos all upset by indigestion ano -dyspepsia. Ghosts como from tho insido of thd person who sees them, and when Mother Hoigol's Syrup docs its work tho eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholcsomo. 