AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. BY THB AUTHOR OP ''' 'THE WILD WARRINGTONS,' ? &c.; CHAPTER IX.— Contiuaed. DUMB with despair and fright, I sank at bis feet,, and noticed then that he had the black bag with him. He caught it up as if struck by a swift idea; and something in his pale evil look made me gasp out Are you going to kill me ? And he answered djiite quietly— 'Yes — living, you shall never leave Moor Edge — never take the secret with you. One day, some day — who knows ?-*-it may be my fortune. So I will stifle the life out of you with my black bag.' And in the next instant he was kneeling upon my chest, holding me down thus, with the black bag pressed heavily over my mouth and nostrils. The horrid thing had a loathsome, deathlike smell, and I struggled frantically to thrust it from my face. Vain ! the agony of a violent end was stealing over me ; the voice of my uncle Simon was humming in my ears. ' Flower,' it said — ' good-bye, Flower ! I will bury you in the attic with the others ... at least .there will be ghosts aver present to keep you company . . . such ghosts, dear ! And then you can haunt the attic too. Flower — poor Flower —to die so early ! Flower ? ' With a great and painful start I awoke. The rose-gray light of dawn was in my room ; some one without my window was calling softly, ' Flower — Flower !' — and the thong of a whip was smiting my window-sill. Up I sprang, pushed back my tumbled hair, and ran — my ugly dream forgotten in a trice — to the open casement. Yes, it was new morning — young lovely day — and the dawn had restored my lover to me. I leaned out into the sweet chill air, stretch ing both hands towards him. Be grasped them and kissed them in gallant greeting. ' Ah. that is right !' he said gaily. 'I see you are up and dressed, and so we can start without the least delay. It is now about a quarter to four. I meant to have been even earlier, my darling, but could not altogether manage it. It has been rather a rash as it is.' But I told him that I had not really been to bed — had merely lain down with my clothes on, and in that fashion had fallen asleep unex pectedly. And then shyly I began to thank him for hin gift of the pre vious day — the photograph, the sketch, and the dear note. But he struck in somewhat impatiently— ' We'll talk about that going along, dearest. ' Time's abort— our breakfast is waiting at Northmins ter. The old hag' — that was aunt Hannah — 'maj wake up directly, you know; and then — and then, Flower, there'll be a scene — a deuce of a row perhaps— and we don't want that. Let us look sharp and be gone T 'I will be ready in ten minutes, Daryl,' I promised quickly. ' Ten minutes 1' echoed he, frown ing. ' Why, what have you to do X 'I must make myself tidy and nice/ I answered timidly. ' I — ] feel rather confused and bewildered at present, to tell the truth, but a little cold water will wake me up(* ' Well, that won't take long, Peri winkle. Do be quick about it, dear, for I am getting hungry — fearfully hungry.' ' And I must say my prayers too, Daryl,' I finished gently. He laughed. At any other time —a time that offered opportunity for, that iDvitfd wijn and dis passionate reflection— -the-; laugh would have js:r»d upon me. hurt ?nie,r^Buit, as it \ftuym the jhdveltzy and excitement of tha; fateful honr, bis , light regard of .w,hat,was to me so solemn and true a thing passed almost unnoticed. .: - :? I'll give you ten minutes for everything,' ho «iid blithely. ' And Flower,' he added, in a graver -tone, 'recollect what I told you. Bring nothing away with you from this hous9, mind you, beyond the few things whfch are absolutely indis pensable. All deficiencies shall be made, good by-and-by.1 I assured him earnestly that no wish he had expressed in the matter had been forgotten by me. His wishes were commands. I told him, and should be obeyed to the letter. ' The chaise,' said my lover, ' is on the moor — just round the corner of that shed yonder. I'll go and see whether the horse is all right— what a pickle we should be in if be were to bolt ! — and will return here when the time is up.' Daryl strolled off on his errand, and I withdrew from the window. When the ten minutes were flown I was ready. I had put on the best summer clothes I had possessed, my dole luggage being an antiquated sunshade — a faded mauve-silk one with a handle that doubled up and a deep fringe — and' a small hand bag. I had taken a last tender lingering look at my little bookcase, the wise silent occupants of which, I understood in after years, had been my truest friends and com panions at Moor Edge. I bad knelt by the eide of my small white rumpled bed, and in brief hurried prayer had passionately asked Heaven's blessing upon the step I was about to take— the new life I was about to enter upon, my new strange unknown life as Daryl Darkwood's wife. And then — and then, looking slowly around the narrow familiar room, every homely bit of furniture in which I can see before me now as distinctly as if long and bitter years of suffering could not by me be counted between ' the dim yes terday and bright to-day.' I realised that there was indeed nothing more to be done. I was ready. Again I went to the window. With outstretched arms Daryl was waiting there. 1 Come !' said he. ?By his way — like this?' I faltered. ' Yes. It is the simplest and the safest, he replied. ' Hand me down the bag and the parasol ; and take my hands firmly and jump. I will catch you, never fear ?' ' One moment, Daryl,' I pleaded, holding back. * Do not— do not be angry ; but— but T should like, if I may, to leave behind me some mes sage, a written message— just a word or two — for uncle Si — for — for ? Oh, you know what I mean !' I broke off tremulously. Daryl Darkwood struck the ground with his foot. 'What folly' he exclaimed. ' Why, Flower ? ' ' Please, oh, please let me !' I whispered. ' It won't take long.' Making no further objection on the point, he tore a leaf hastily from a sketch-book he carried in his pocket, and scribbled upon it — ' ' Simon Creed y — I know every thing ; and to-day I have left Moor Edge for ever. I have found one who truly loves me, and whom I dearly love. His home, not yours, henceforth will be mine. ' Flower Darkwood.' 'There.' saaid my lover coolly— 'stick that, dear, upon your pin cushin. It will make the old man sit up.' ' It looks too— too cold and unfeeling — so cruelly brusque 1' said I very wistfully, reading with fast 4immJDg leyep vhiV jDaryl Dark besides, Ido.not know everything. ?It4s t«bljme#Uih-— -.'^f/i '; , ^ '??? ???* Ohi'- hang* it— oh, that's -non-/ sense, dear, I mean j Surely you know enough, -at any rate/ for the .present !',:'^j;;: ?-?'? . '? ; ?;?? '[??* .. ;., * 'And— -and 'there's the signature. 'It's all right,; my dear little girl, , By the time the old. ruffian comes home and reads that, why, you will of .course be' Flower Dark wood '—in fact, a quite old married woman !' '????? . Ah, well, I had been called upon to choose between the two men and I had elected to trust to Daryl Darkwood ! Him I had chosen before all other men ; thenceforward I must do his bidding — obey him — he was my master. His wishes, his will now and for ever after, must be mine. With my head turned aside, so that my sad eyes should not wit ness the deed my trembling hands must so unwillingly perform, I pinned upon the sushin on my dressing-table those cold lines of eternal welfare. Oh, uncle Simon — oh, uncle Simon — good-bye — good- bye ! A few seconds later, with a poor forced smile, I assured my lover that I was ready — yes, really ready at last. I climbed on to the window ledge, put my hands into his, and then, gazing trustfully down into his dark tender eyes, I sprang fear lessiy eastward, to be caught safely within his strong and sheltering arms. The chaise that was waiting for us upon the breezy moor was a somewhat dilapidated-looking ve hicle, I thought. It was the best he could get in the neighbourhood, Daryl said gaily; and the animal attached to it— with no thoughts, I ! am sure, of bolting — was tran quilly cropping the sweet and dewy herbage. The sun was waxing stronger; the larks weie singing out of sight ; upon the far uplands the heather took faint crimson and purple hues when viewed through the vanishing morning mists. I was seated by Daryl Dark wood's side. I was now very silent. I dared not look back at the house I had forsaken. He gathered up the reins, gave the horse a sharp cut with the whip, and we were off. ' Ah,' cried Daryl, suddenly stooping and taking from beneath the seat of the musty old chaiRe a handful ot lovely real orange flowers, 'I ought to have remem bered these before ! See, sweet heart — fasten them at your throat ! I wonder whether they are as be coming as periwinkles V For a moment, in a dazed un seeing way, I stared at the exquisi tive blossoms. For a moment I failed utterly to realise their tender and deep significance, because I believe that their rare fragrance had turned me somewhat giddy and faint. Daryl put the flowers in my lap, and passed his arm round my waist. Fondly he drew me to his side, and bent his dark head to mine. I clung helplessly — he was my all new! ' What — is it possible that you have forgotten, my dearest,' whispered he, 'that this is our wedding day ?' CHAPTER X. Life is real — life is bitter ; but life after all is — or it should be — only a pilgrimage to higher things So the sooner it is over the ? better. Some buch sad reflection as this was passing, dimly and unuttered, through my tired brain, as I sat by the open window of an up-stairs sitting-room in a not-too-cheerful lodging- house which stood in the neighbourhood of Shepherds' Bush with Hammersmith not far pff. It was evening, Twilight was deepBningintodarkne^.:The|uJfey ?jthan the nndsumroer day had; bilk It this stuffy 9pd third :ratt fflfy v$r Joan locality; yh,f$! ichepp VfMj|jind ; ga udy shops abounded1, and where the near rumble of tram-car, and omnibus seemed Jtomaice the wind less air jgrow yet more unendurably close, Ahe mere thought ot the real sweet fresh green country at even tide came to one's longing soul like a dream ot Paradise. , ' ? '; The furniture of that up-staire drawing room ' was both shabby and of a by-gone date ; but the limp muslin curtains about the window were tolerably clean— and that wad something to be grateful for. I was not alone in the room, Dozing upon the hard sofa— lay my little daughter, aged four years and some months — a delicate patient little soul, end 'the image of her I mother,' strangers were wont to say. Nevertheless,! could not discern the likeness. To my eyes the little one was like her father; and sometimes when my sad heart was unusually low and sure, I grieved bitterly that this should be so. The sitting-room door opened softly; and with a start I looked round. The landlady ot the house had entered the room; but she halted in the dusk near the door way. ' What — sitting ali alone in the t,loamin', Mr.«. Darkwood ?' said the landlady. ' Dear, dear, 'en, that is loneson_e- like, isn't it ? Let me light the ga6.' ' Hush — no I' I answered, in a rapid undertone. ' I prefer the twilight, thank you. Do not make a noise, Mrs. Ramage. Ida, I fancy is asleep.' 'Pretty duck!' breathed Mrp. Ramage, clasping her hands and looking affectionately towards the sofa. ' Is she better to- night, mem, do you think V ' I — I do not know. I hope so,' replied I. ' You ought to have a doctor to her — you r«ally ought, Mrs. Dark wood,' whispered the landlady sympathetically — 'the pretty angel ! I den't like to say it, but — but— she really seems fading away. Rory says the same — and a doctor, you know, mem, if you had him in time, would safe to be able to set matters straight a bit. It seems such a pity, when there's Doctor Morrison only just round the corner in the Tregonda Road ; and — and,' ventured Mrs. Ramage as delicately as her kind heart could prompt her, and waxing bold perhaps in the friendly gloom, ' he isn't a dear doctor, not by any means, Mrs. Darkwood. I do assure you he isn't — only three-and-sixpence a visit, which of course, though, don't include the medicine ; that you get afterwards ac the chemist's. He did Miss he Vere — my Rory, you know — a lot of good when she was laid up some time back with a nasty Bore-throat. Indeed I do verily believe that if it hadn't ha' .been for Doctor Morrison *he would have lost her engagement at the theatre. And, as I said before, Mrs Darkwood, his fee is only three and -sixpence; and hot so much as that if you go to his house ? ' My hands were twisted fiercely together in my lap ; the nails of one pierced the flesh of the other. I interrupted the landlady, speak ing with difficulty. ? 'You are entirely kind and thoughtful, Mrs. Ramage. I— I will tell Mr. Darkwood what you say. ' Really I think it would be as well, mem,' said Mre. Ramage earnestly. 'And shall I lay the1 supper-cloth, Mrs. Darkwood, now ? Will the Captain be into supper?' ' You forget,' 1 Baid, withl impa tience, ' what I told you the other day. My husband is hot 'Captain.' He has nothing to do 'with : the Army. He is simply ' Mr, Dark wood / ftPd I atoll be ^d if you ^^/ simpered tb?fap»|^^ manias ^*%A^imiBuBH m the,Pa?* ?MmSmSKM military lilt, 'mf&BfflvM; f|n tj|j Captain, why, fe|ji||jk:iKf jjftWga Rory says';,.8i|^^ii,'|ao|t^r^ give — r, .:-'.',/-^-;\M. ji ' Is Miss de rVerejj»0n£pXet;?|I V^M quired gently, desirous^ tWQthlBp drift of the, talk. ;;«^|t|^:^:;:. ^| Ob, ye8,Mrs^Dark^o||^^p^t-^-| didn't you see her riin outito'jcetcii !^| the omnibus?' cried the mother of J Miss de Vere proudly^ JierXypide ;*| going upward. ' Why its close On J nine o'clock, and her turn comes on '?$. at ? ' ? ? ?-. ?-?:: ^rf4y;;^\:;;l ' Oh, hush, please Y;[£'&ty;$$j;3: with a swift glance ^towajrjdsj^e;': K sofa. If she was asleep #}*imhi1cI ^ not for anything '.have' ??'?hef^isr ,'v turbed.' ? ???'?? '-????'?- --;^. ';.??;???'. .';::% 'Pretty darling,' ibreKl^f Mrs^ ;? Ramage obediently; 'J&fs;(S:i; ^agairi ! glancing at. ; the sofa—*' ? -fcretty :,i innocent dear ! As I* %as saying,' ; she continued, in the smallest of . £ whispers, 'it is close '^rijpon'J nine '* o'clock ;, and Rory, during this' week ? is due at the theatre at' 9:15. She has anew song for this evening called ' Would you believe it;?' and ; Rory says that the whole orcHestry, , and indeed everybody atc the theatre, vows tha* the chorus ss the most fetching one that the Levity has heard for a long while past. I told her, if the omlibus was late or crowded or anything, she'd better take an 'ansom, for she had; got on her silver-gray satin and her 'lovely new purple-velvet 'princess j' and 1 wouldn't have her spile 'em in a crowded old omlibus for1 th« world 1 The proprietor and manager, Mr Blinkworthy, has a supper tonight and of course Rory was ; invited' He said the party wouldn't be com piete without Miss Aurora' de Vere; and, if ' Would you believe it ?' proves the big success that Mr. Biintworthy and all of 'era think it will, why, next week' Rory will have her name upon the bills in large red letters a fooc ldng,vinstead of in small blue or black oneB as she has had it up till now. And her . salary will be raised, Mr. - Blink worthy says, something ? consider able— and that will be better than all T ? ??««''! ? . -'?/, 'Well, you need not irluble to spread the cloth uhle^Mrtparfc ^ wood should come in add want any- f thing,' I said wearily. ' M^sif Jli| iS should I will ridg, Mrs. Ramage. ''- ]£ :t$ want nothing myself; t^flk^o&U; -V :0 : ' Not eron . the . gas'^ ^atd Mtei.'S Ramage, reluctant to go. :????: ;..s '?;??-* '???p-3#M ' Not yet .It. -is 'coolerlin ^|S1 dark/ I answered quietly, t ; § 'And the Captain? Oh; excjisetli me, 'iu— I forgot again 1 Mr, Baric-pt wood; then, you think, won't b^ini§jl jUBtyet?'. .?;'. I'': ; ; (-.f.- ,{???? :?':^;V;£s ' I cannot tell. ? Aa ,1. ;sai-J ,'! %$0% Ramage, if he comes in and ^^ft||iA anything I will ring.'- ,rtSj|'^^5fcf.---^ The landlady, feelingjht^seiljdisA missed, basked toward^jstthje ;^pr ; ' and, having sidled out; i»n^^aVne4 the landing, she elosei^e^pr as caudou8ly::as.she :^^pM^$4^' ' \ ^ Alone^I rosB g^&l;^lil,,^ ,py chair andcrept^oS^M||hadbwv antimaoassar^stre^e^l^fa to fe&H;' aureinyiiel!Eiiia|^^te ppe had ?-not;been1^to^BM^v?r'^j'-'i-.^':' ? '. ' ^0Aind^je(^^p|bBe^ii8g'.;rega- .'? ^ '??»*l||!S»;3tjff $£$ '&??$£.-* ' 'V.-.^S'S* ' leasing my darlin|jv I jbeot over the sofa-bead and murmured passion ately—- ;? '?-? ?'-.' :,:.''::. ' HeavflD Help JinS hare pHy on us both! What stall we do?' Then, in a kind of dumb despair pressing naf forehead downward info my hbt'palme, I moved slowly back to my seat by the window there to think — once more to try to think dispassionately what could be done for the best. It was a prob lem worse than a nightmare, and with every day that came and went it seemed to grow more terrific. To-night I felt too weak to wrestle with the spectre — the future wns my spectre. Try how I woald/m my present state of mind I could bring no concentrated thought to bear upon the torturing question. Weeks of weary brooding upon the inevit able, sleepless nights passed in con templation of the chaos ahead, bad, I believed, rendered my bruin apathetic, when, for my own good and for the good of others, it should have been keen and alert. And so my thoughts — as they so often did when I, in an utter heart sickness which was nothing ap proaching resignation, eat down to esle with the riddle of my des tiny— wandered, without my will, back to the days that were for ever dead. I was not the first woman, I know, nor Bhould I be the last, who had made a grievous blunder upon the threshold of her woman hood. As I sat there so still and with bowed head, my little sick child sleeping on the couch a few yards away, my girlhood came back to me. How vividly did I remember my flight from Moor Edge; our hasty marriage before a registrar at Newminster ; our wondrous honey moon abroad, the brief delirium of a joy-dream I cared not now to re call, for the present was made up of sternest actualities, and such contrasts are not kind. The first year of my married life had not been wholly unhappy ; and at the close of it my child was born. Our dear little Isla, as I have already said, was at this date something more than four years old ; and night and morning did I thank Heaven that neither brother nor sister had followed her. Far better so ! No; that first year of wedded life, which had been spent in Paris, where Daryl Darkwood had ap peared to possess many friend?, both men and women, had not been wholly unhappy; though it had not taken me a whole year »o find out that in the man whom I had married there were two Daryl Darkwooda — the one who, in a brief and secret wooing, had won me at Moor Edge ; the other the husband, and no longer a lover, who had already grown tired of me, and who made no feint of showing that this was not the truth. In those early days of our life to gether I had. too made other strange discoveries, which had at first filled me with acute dismay. The man I had married was cursed with the vice which is the parent-vice of all the rest. He was lazy. Being lazy, he was fond of pleasure and constantly seeking it, oftentimes drank more than was good for him, and in bis cupB would swear at me, his terrified wife, in lan guage that before my marriage had never assailed my ears. 1 1 thought you wars an artist— a painter, Daryl VI said wonderingly to him one day, perhaps six months after the hurried vceremony at ? X?orthmin?ter. t. * So I am,' said he. \ ? ? Why, then, do you never paint ¥ 'Oh, you don't understand 1 I am an amateur; and amateurs, . .Periwinkle, my dear, paint just when they please — that. Is, when* v ? ever inspiration .is, the motive power,' was hie careless reply de- . I 'ventured to ask him : no more then, bub pondered not without misgiving, the ways of amatuers painter?. They seemed, if Daryl himself was a true 'specimen of the brotherhood, to have plenty of money at tlieir command. Where did it come from? I wondered every day but feared to put the questiou into plain woris; and Daryl was not the man to notice timid hints. He could be very deaf and very blind when he chose. I knew even now no more of him than I had know on u-y wed ding-day. His people were all dead, he said carelessly, or he was dead to t hem — which mounted to the same thing. Jf anything, he was — as he had given out — a painter by profession, but believed indeed he was getting sick of that ; though doubtless he should take to painting again when once we got back to England. We had no fixed home, we Dark noods — we were wanderers on the face of the earth. A few months spent in one Continental town, a tew months passed in another — so the years went by, Daryl making friends of a certain sort whithersoever we moved, I seeking none. From a shy, slender, quite unformed girl I had be come a quiet, reserved, not to say a proud woman, looking, by reason of the manner in which I carried myself, considerably taller — so I was told — than I really was. I bad my child for companionship, for society, and that was all ; for the men and women wbo.se company was sought by Daryl, and who seemed to find pleasure in his, were emphatically not of a class of beings with whom I could in any wise feel either at ease or at home. In stinctively I shunned and disliked them ; yet I could give no reason for my dislike. Isln, my little daughter, was all the world to me. It would not unfrequently happen that Daryl would fly into passion with me for declining to make a friend of 1 Countess This ' or ' Mrs. That,1 and the husbands of them, who were, if possible, more objectionable than the women themselves, aud would tell roe, Flower Darkwood, that I was shy, un formed, foolish, end that my curious bringin^'-up had made of roe something worse than a nun. Naturally taunts, disputes of this nature between us, led to much misery in the way of downright quarrelling. One night in Dresden Daryl had been drinking with some American ac quaintances of his in the town who, he said, were ' painters.' He came in and reproached me for moping, for un sociabiliiy — he was evidently in a bickering humour — and for the fiftieth time told me that I was shy and stupid — enough, in fact, to drive a man to the dogs. There are limits in human forbear ance ; and unmerited reproach — to say nothing of undeserved neglect — is at all times hard to endure patiently. \- If I was ehy and stupid, Daryl,' I said bitterly, but as calmly as I was able, c why — why did you marry me V 'Ah, why? answered be, with a disagreeable sigh. 'And, having married me,' I con tinued, with rising warmth, ' why don't you redeem your promise, .Darylf When you made me your wife, you said ? ' ' If I had not been go confoundedly in love with jeu, I never should have made you my wife,' grumbled he. There was the mischief of it 1' 1 You said — you promised me faith fully — you cannot deny it — that you would do your utmost to discover the true history of my parentage in the days — in the cays before I was — be- fore I was taken to ? ' Confusion steal the stale old griev ance 1' he said violontly. ' Am I never to hear the last of it ? If you were wise, Flower, you would be con tent to let it rest — it is an ugly past — would be satisfied with what you are and what you have in the present. Take my word for it, there's no good to be ? ' ?* Darylj once for all, I do not mean to let it rest. I am not satisfied. For oiy own sake, for Isla's sake, I want to know— nay, I will sooner or later know the truth 1 You shall have no peace tmtUlknowit,' He faced me savagely. * You make me speak out,' he cried, ' when Heaven knows I don't want to — to hurt your feelings !' ' I was standing at the time ; but, turning suddenly faint, I sat down, « My feelings, Daryl !' I echoed un wisely. ' So it has only just occurred to you that I am nob unlike other women, after all f * Oh, hang you, Flower ! Yob make a fellow's life a burthen to him with your everlasting whining and discon tent. 'I eay again, let the dead past alone— let sleeping dogs lie. Depend upon it, if I had honestly thought that there was anything respectable to find out concerning your antecedents, I should have cleared up the business long ago. But — take my word for it, I say — there isn't. I understand it all — it's all plain enough — now. I married ' Flower Creedy' before the registrar at Northtninster ; and. I did but marry my wife m her real and lawful name, or what' — with a shrug — ' was as good as such — that served as well. Voila tout!' 'Then you believe now,' I said huskily, 'that — that my uiwle — I— I mean, that the generous- hearted old man at Moor Edge was — was, in fact ? ' * Exactly,' put in Daryl, with a hic cough, ' I believe that, when years ago the old scamp brought you home to Moor Edge, he had simply, from some secret quarter or another, claimed bis own— had seen fit to adopt — well, if you will have it — his own child.' 1 But the Stonyhatnpton people used to say that 1 had been stolen, Daryl, or — or something of the kind,' cried I piteously. ' Often I have heard you say so yourself. Oh, you must re member !' ' The Stonyhanipton people be ? Pshaw,' broke off Daryl Darkwood roughly — ? how should the fools know ? Flower, I want some brandyandselt zer. Get it, please ; look alive ; and do, for Heaven's sake, cease this in fernal chatter about what can't be belpod or mended.' I cook no notice of his request ; but, white to the lips, I roso to my feet and staggered to the arm-chair in which he lay sprawling, his hands thrust down into his pockets, his long legs stretched wide apart. ? I'll get you nothing — I'll never obey you in anyone trivial thing again, until — until I have heard the truth. You shall speak out to-night, if — if in so doing you should break my heart — should kill me outright!' said I passion ately. If I am the child of Simon Creedy, why then was his house unfit to be my home ? What were the horror and the mystery of Moor Edge, and why did you terrrify me into quitting its roof ? Why ? ' ' I wanted you,' he interrupted me sullenly, in his turn. ' I was idiotically in love with you, A man will do any thin«, dare anything, say or swear anything, to get the woman he loves. You ought to know that by this time. ? What a man — and what a noble love I' I said, with bitter scorn. He laughed unpleasantly, with lowered eyelids. ? Daryl,' cried I, c I will know I Do you hear 1 You shall tell me 1 Who — what was— what is Simon Creedy ? Tell me, Daryl?' With an oath Daryl Darkwood sprang unsteadily from his chair ; and, gripping me by the shoulders, he forced me downward upon ray knees. ?Tell youl I will 1' he shouted, still gripping me. and swaying above me, as I glanced upward at him with quailing affrighted eyeB. ' He is ? ' (To be Continued.) Livbe Cokplaistb.— T-t King's Dandelion and Quinine Liver Pills, without Mercury, are a potent remedy ; remove all Liver and Stomach Complaints, BiliousneBe, Headache, Sickness, Shoulder Fains, Heartburn, In digestion, Constipation. Made only in London. Bold everywhere. 