I4M irahaio jý eorm, " PUBLISED EvxRY TUESDAY & FPrDA MORNING. "It Is not given unto mortals to command soses but we may no more . . . . . deserv IL" . FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1893. A CoN.r?sT.-If we are to believe the reports which appear in the Melbourne papers, as well as the utterances of the unemployed, a great deal of distress at present exists in the metropolis. That this distress, is very acute in some in stances may be gathered from the fact that a German doctor was forced the other day to pawn a skull, which he had obtaiied from the Public Library, in order to keep himself from starving. We have read of even sadder cases than this, where children were crying for bread, their parents not having the means to provide them with it. Daily the needs of one or other of the various charitable institutions are brought prominently before the public, and they are asking for assistance in order to carry on their good work. On every hand we hear of bad times, business dull, and money hard to get, and yet we read of people being almost crushed to death in order to obtain admission to Madame Antoinette Ster ling's fifth concert. .The concert was to start at eight o'clock, but an hour before that time crowds of excited men and .?omen crushed and piished thilir way to the box in order to obtain tickets to, the Town Hall. Many who did pay their 2s. or 3s. found that they even then could not get' standing 'room; and had to go away disappointed. To the credit of Madame Sterling, be it said, that she the following day gave a performance in the afternoon in aid of the' charities, so that those who had tickets might not be dis appointed. But how can any thoughtful person reconcile this state of things. O?1 the one hand poverty and distress, on the other person: suffering a' deal of 'dis comfort in torder to obtain admission to a concert, for which they have to pay as much as would keep a poor struggling family with bread. for a week. There evidently is something wrong in our social system,a, large proportion of the people of the colony being far too fond of sport and amusement. In times like the present each one should endeavor to help those in distress rather than gratify their own tastes: "'Were this course followed, 'the colony would much isooner regainits fornmer position of prosperity. TENDEas.-The local Shire Council invite tenders for several works in differ ent'portions of the Shire. The tenders are returnable on or before the 14th inst.' MrCtA'eAIs' INTwrrrrE.-A meeting of the committee was held yesterd.y after noon at Messrs. M'Lean, Coates and Jones' office. The president, Mr. Jones, occupied' the chair, and their were also present Messrs. Coates, Henden, Guest, and the secretary, Mr. West. The care taker tendered his resignation, and it was decided to call for applications, a notifi cation of which apears elsewhere. A number of accounts were laid on the table the committee being unable to deal with them till the Colonial Bank re opens. NEW FIRE BRIGADE STATIos.-Tenders are called by the secretary of the local Fire Brigade for the erection of a new station and bell-tower. We believe the building will lie erected on the railway reserve, opposite Mr Mayze's blacksmith's shop. The tower will be 20 feet high to the level of the wall plate. The plans can be seen at Mr. J. Thompson's, and ten ders are returnable on or before the 14th inst. HORSE SALE.-BMessrs. Mathieson and Davis announce that they will on Wed nesday, 21st June, hold a horse sale at the yards of Messrs. Laidlaw and Grahalm. Traralgon. It was at first intended to hold the sale at Morwell, but owing to the bad accommodation at the yards thei e, the firm decided to hold the sale in Traralgon. Those having horses for msale are desired to notify the auctioneers either at their places of business in, Morwell or Traralgon. 3MORWELL SIIRE COUNCIL.-A deputa tion from this Council, which was re cently constituted in a portion of the Traralgon Shire, waited on the Minister of Public Works on Wednesday and asked for assistance to enable them to repair the damage done in that district by the floods of 1891. Mr. Webb replied that £1,000 had been placed on the estimates of 1892-3 for this purpose, but as the Mor well Shire was not then constituted the money had been voted to the Traralgon Shire. There would have to be an adjust ment of accounts between the two coun cils in order that the Morwell Council should be charged with the expenditure already incurred in that district. As there would be a hl',limeii remaining it would be placed on the ea:i,:...?s for 1893-4 as a re-vote. NEWa, iOLVE . - Marian Sproulet, Sale, licensed victuarller. Causes : Vant of ,reomuerative busbiness.' Liabilities, £192 16s 2d; assets, £97 17s; deficiency, £94 19s 2d. T. N. Spoong, attorney ; G. Cain, official assignee. Charles Edward Andrews, Glengarry, carrier. Causes of insolvency : Attachnent of money 'duo, heavy medical expenses. Debts, £170 8s; assets, £1; deficiency, £169 8s. James Gray, solicitor ; Gee. Cain, assignee. Tue W.o?es's HoserTAL.-The result of the applld on behalf of this noble iin stitution, has resulted in the sunm of about £6,130 being received. CLEARING SALE.—Messrs. Mathieson and Davis held a very successful clearing sale on account of the executors of the late Charlotte Missen at Flynn's Creek on Wednesday, when the land was sold to Mr. Graham at £13 per acre. A NEw.DonoE.-Our Melbourne.cor respondent writes:-The criminals of Melbourno are up to Mll kind of dodges to escape the pursuing police. The other night rather late'a fairly dressed young man presented himself to the young resident surgeon on duty ttt he Melbourne Hospital, and complained of all kinds of ailments. The young Esculapius, per haps, being sleepy, did not very carefully examine him, but sent him off to a ward where the' patient was carefully bathed, put to bed, and carefully attended to. Next morling the medical officer, on his rounds, made the usual examination of the new patient, but could find nothing wrong. He then had a screen put round the hel and examined the man thoroughly. In a few minutes he emerged with an indignsant: air, and ordered the nurse to "send for this fellow's clothes and bunidle him out at once. There's nothing wrong with him." "Please, sir," replied the nurse, "we needn't trouble about. bund ling' him out, here's a constable at the door with a warrant for his arrest." Anl so it was. This astute member of the criminal class being hard pressed, thought the hospital a safe retreat, and, selecting his time well, managed to get in. Prob ably one of his " pals" did hins the kind ness to "put him away." At anyrato I can vouch for the facts. SALE ComvnT COUrT.-At this court on Tuesday, before His Honor Judge Chotnley, the case of Richardson v. the Sale Borough Councillors, to recover £36 Os 4d, alleged to be duo by the council to the plaintiff, a Government auditor, came on for hearing. The defence was that the work should have oeen done in nine in stead of thirteen days, and the council had paid into court £18 18s for auditing (9 days work), £5 15s commuted allowance (11 days), £1 2s 10d train fare, and £1 5s costs. After ovidenqe had been taken, his Honor said he did not think the time taken up by plaintiff was unnecessary. It was necessary that municipal audits should be full and complete. He would be sorry to offer the slightest temptation to audi tors to hurry over the work. 'He would give a verdict for 12 days work, £33 13s 10d. Costs £9 12s. In the slander case of May Campbell v. -Eargleton, in which plaintiffsued for £500 damages for slander, a verdict was given for defendnat' on the grounds of privilege. Dr. Reid proved the utterance of the slander, anmid Mr. Eagleton denied that he had done so, and said he had not imputed or intended to impute want of chastity to the plaintiff. His Honor said that he found that the slander had been uttered, but that, as the defendant was speaking to the doctor, who was a member of the committee, about a nurse and a patient under the doctor's control, thie occsion was privileged, and the defendant was not liable to damages. Tue B*Nxs.-The amended scheme of reconstruction in connection' with the Colonial Bank of Australasia was accepted at statutory meetings of creditors and shareholders on Tuesday. The meeting of creditors was presided over by Mr. James Campbell, and the proceedings were more brief than usual. The only amendment to the resolution for the adoption of the scheme was moved by Mr. C. C. Shoppee, who, as representative of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, proposed that provision should be made for the release of deposits of charitable institu tions within three years. It was stated in reply that these institutions, in common with other depositors, would meet with fair treatment at the' hands of the direc tors, and he was asked to withdraw his amendment. Mr. Shoppee explained that personally he felt inclined to do so, after the assurances he had received, but as a deleate' his hands. were tied. The amendment was not. seconded, but was, nevertheless, put to the 'meeting and rejected. The motion was carried almost unanimously. It is probable that in Iltle course of a fortnight two more banking institutions will have resumed the ordin ary course of business. The management of the City of Melbourne Bank anticipate that they will open their doors within a day or two of the meeting to be held on the 15th inst., probably on Monday week. In the case of the National Bank, the order of the Court was signed on Wednes day, and after the formal lapse of 14 days business will bie at once resumoed. GREAT LIBEL Ac'rIO.--The preliminary steps in the Speight v Syme libel action were ended on Wednesday afternoon, when Mr. Purves concluded his address to the jury on behalf of the defendant. Mr. Purves commenced his speech about mid-day on Monday, and for twelve hours engag ed thi att ntion of tihe Court with numberless chlarges of incapa'city, mis. nanagement, and extravagance on the part of the lihste clmirman of commissioners. Half of Wednesday was occupied by Mr. Purees-in giving instances of allegeqd political influence having been brought to bear on Mr. Speight successfully in order to obtain favours for members of Parlia ment and their friends. Then the learned council went ,n to deal with the alleged incapacity of Mr. Speight, as showvn in the excessive railway works carried out under his authority, and the general extravagance in administration of the railways. Mr. Speight, it was contended, had brought his ruin upon himself. The jury were asked to give him complensation for being deprived of a position he was unahlo to fill. At the close of the day Mr Justice Hedges informed the Court that he had received an anonymous note containing insinuations against the jury. His Honor did not think it necessary to do more than tear up the note, and to warn the writer that such conduct as he had been guilty of placed hIis liberty in danger. THE seRCANTsLEg BANK PROSEC-rTIONS. -Detective Whitney left by the express train for Adelaide on Monday afternoon to join the R.M.S.S. Australia, which leaves Adelade for Calombo. He took with himn a warrant for the apprehension of Sir Matthew Davies on what was known as the seconid charge in connection with tile Mer\mtile Bantk prosecutions, namnely concurring in the issue of a false balance sheet. Sir Matthew, who left Adelaide in the steamer Salier is expected to reach Colombo on the 16th ilst,, and as Detective Whitney will not reach that port until the 22nd inst., the Government intend sending a carble miessage to the authorities at Colombo asking them to detain Sir Matthew until they hear froms the Victorian police. The grantd jury will sit on the 15th inst. to decide whether a true bill should im filed against Sir Matthew and Mr. Millidge, and their decision will at once he tele graphied to Colombo. Should thle jury determine that thlere is no caso for in qiiry against the accused, it is understuod that Sir Matthew will not be detained on the second chlarge, although the warrant was issued on that charge. FunwrrURE SALE.-On Thursday, 15th June, Meassrs. M'Lesan, Costes amnd Jones will hold an extensive wile of furniture at the residence of Mr. D. A. Maxwell, HothIaI street. As it is Mr. Maxwell's intention to remove from the district, the whole of his household furniture will be for sale. R. Date, of Morwell, was the 'uc?ssful tenderer for repairs to platolayers 'tools on the WVarrgul to Morwell and Thorpdale to Feerim railway l'ne. A Quadrille Assembly is announced to be held in the Flynn's Creek Mechanics' Institute every Tuesday evening com- mencing on the 9th inst. Full particulars are advertised. The Mieses CAu?o. Dresamakers and Milliners, desire to inltimate' that they have removed to more commodious pre mises in Hotham- street, nexst door to Mr. F. 11; Barden's establishment--(Anve? 'Mr. Reynolds has been elected a mem her of the Legislative Assembly for North Melbourne, to-fill- the vacancy caused-by the death of the late Mr. Wyllie. Mr. W. Gaunson lost his deposit money having only polled 29 votes. The Lands Department ineas promised Mr. A. Harris, M.P., to exledite pre. liminaries in making available for selection 17,000 acres north of Neerim, and east of Latrobe River, and the Fumina sub division in the county of Bult Buln. The nominations for the extraordinary vacancy in the Bogong electorate caused by the resignation of Mr. I. A. Issacs. the ex-Selicitor-General, took place on Monday, and as Mr. Isaacs'wias the only name submitted he was declared re elected. The monthly crushing of the Lang Tunnel G.ILCo., Walhalla. has resulted in a yield of 1420ozs. of gold from 1540 tons of quartz. Owing :to the suspenesion of the Bank of Victoria the company have found it necessary to carry forward surplus to meet contingencies. . Mr. Purves diring his address in the case of Speight v. the "Age," adminis tered a stinging flagellation to Mr. C. E. Jones, ex-Minister of Railways, whom he described as "one of the worst specimens of the trottingspecies that had ever iufes ted a State department." At the meeting of the Cabinet on Mon. day, it was decided that Mr. Agar Wynne, Postmaster-General, should be appointed to the office of Solicitor-General. rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Isanes. Mr. Wynne will continue to discharge the duties of Postmaster-General. A duststorm of exceptional violence has occurred in the American State of Arkansas. One small town called El Dorado was completely buried beneath-a pillar of dust, and thirty of the inhabitants perished. The survivors only saved their lives by fleeing from the'spot 'on horse back. The retrenchment policy in the Edu cation department, so far as it effects singing and drawing masters, was given effect to on Tuesday by the Executive Council, who passed an order dispensing with the services of a large number of ladies and gentlemen from the30th June. We regret to see Mr. Jas. Harvey's name among the list. A gross case of cruelty to a child named William Smythe, age 13. was investigated at the Dronin Court on Wednesday. The evidence showed that a woman named Sarah Mitchell, who lives with the boy-' father, who is-a local baker, had so ill used the lad that his body was one mass of bruises. The Bench inflicted a fine of £2, with £2 2s costs. The proceedings were taken under section 39 of the Crimes Act 1890. The P. and O. Company's:. R.M.S.S. Britannia, Captain Murray R.N.R. com. mander, entered the Heads early on Wed nesday morning, a,:d after inspectionby the health officer at Portsea she steamed up the bay with the yellow flag flying, and anchored some distance below the Gellibrand lightship. Two of the stewards who were landed at Colombo on May 21st having developed small-pox of- a mild type, the Brittannia will be kept in quaran tine while she remains in the bay.. The Warragul "News" states that on Monday five young horses, valued at £50, were put into a paddock by T. J. M'Cann, publican, and on Friday all were found dead. The owner had them opened by a I veterinary surgeon, who found traces of arsenical poison in their 'stomachs, the contents of which, with' some wheaten t chaff strewn in the paddock, which also contained arsenic, have been submitted to analysis. The footprints of a man were found in the paddock, and the trackers s have been sent for.. i'T- " Gippeland potatoes seem in a fair way to be boomed. kA week or two ago we drew attention to the fact that they were "topping" the market at,£3, and now we ("News ") hear that an extensive cultiva. tor of the tuber in the Buln Buli district has just been offered £3 10s for., his crop. He has about 300 tons, which at the Sfigure quoted gives a return of over£1000. Say they averaged 5 tons to the acre, this places the value of the crop at between £16 and £17 an acre. Who will say that potato-growing doesn't pay after that ! A meeting was held at Toora on Man' day night to urge that the balance of the. land in the Mount Fatigue reserve be made immediately available for selection. Mr. Methven. M.L.A., said he had come to select himself, and if not successful, intended to peg out a block of the un surveyed portion of Mount Fatigue. It was unanimously decided that the Mount Fatigue reserve land be made immediately available for selection, and that Mr Mason, M.LA., be asked to present the Sresolution to the Minister. " Rustux," in the " Maffra Spectatcn" Dwrites: One ofourbestshotshada narro escape from drowning a few evenings ago. Having fired and killed a brace of duck' in tha centre of the Serpentiue lagoon and having no dog to fetch them out my friend stripped off and swam in. Cramp seized him in mid stream, and by great exertion he got to the opposite bank. Now,having no clothing to cover his naked ness, he had no alternative but to tramp round by the bridge for half a mile and I along the side to where his clothes were left. Fortunatly no one saw the strange spectacle if so we would have a repetition Sof the " Boisdale Ghost." The chief commissiouer of police has considered the case of Constable Vains, who was recently fined for assaulting a man at Korumburra while arresting him. The report of Superintendent Daly gives the constable a good character, and says that he is a quiet, active and efficiaunt officer, and that he must have been pro. yoked by the man. Mr. Chomley ha decided to remove Constable Vains to Melbourne, but a, he has been already Sheavily fined by the justices at Korumi burrs, and as the superintendent for the district has reported in his favour, the chief commissioner will not inflict a further f?,e. 