CHAPTER IV. A merer and ghost-like scene was presented upon that lonely beach under the bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the ■wet sand, and leaned over the pale, stark face of the dead girl. Even while be knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would part, and from the pearly teeth would come a sweet voice, asking, " Where am I ?" Instinctively lie brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. It was cold—icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as though he had Jaid his warm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he' arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at the ruffian he had * stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. • / He lived; and, with the muttered remark: "It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash re turned and contemplated the white Satire of the murdered girl. While he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's finger. He stooped, as though about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion' caused him to start back and exclaim: " No; I cannot rob the dead !" Then his'eye? fell upon two other jewels that sparkled is the girl's ears. " What shall I do? If I leave those Jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, vjne other vandal like' yon scamp may come along and possess hiniself of them," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, he added: " I will rempve them and hold them for the friends of the ..dead girl." Dash was more successful than the robber had-been, and had but little - difficulty in re moving the jewels.. ' He had but just possessed himself of them when he heard voices,and. npon raising his eyes hs saw the glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along the beach. " Great heavens ! If I am found with these jewels on me I will be looked upon as a robber of the dead he suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively he turned, as though to run away. "I mean no harm, but I must protect my self,i*he muttered, and with a cat-like step he moved away. After proceeding a short distance be ascended the bank that lined, the beach, and moving stealthily along, retraced his steps to a point opposite to where the body lav. He had but just time to con ceal himself when ■a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, readied the spot where the white figure lay. The men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dashcould hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, he had a premonition of the terrible mistake' he had made. "There has been ford murder here," said one of the men, as he held his'lantern down over the face of the dead girl. " It has been a double murder," cried an other of the men, as his eye fell upon the form of the man. , ( "No, by thunder! This fellow. lives," he added, after a moment, as be felt the wounded man's pulse. "Yes; I live," came the "response in feeble tones. "What has happened?" asked the men in chorus, as they gathered round. " Give me a drink first; I am dying of thirst." One of the newcomers had a flask with him, and put it to the man's lips. The latter drank, and seemed greatly re vived, ■when he said : , " A terrible crime has just been committed before my eyes." " Tell Tis about it, quick! Tnere may yet be a chance to capture the assassin." The fellow pretended to be very much over come by the terrible scene he had witnessed, and also to feel bad from the effects of the blow he had received; but taking another good pull from the Bask, he said : I was walking along .the beach, when 1 • saw a struggle going on in a boat a little off the shore between a man and a woman. The man finally seized an oar and struck the girl a blow on the back of the head, and she fell overboard, when the man sailed away." " And this is, the girl that was murdered ?" " Yes; I recovered the body after an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, "when the assassin returned. He as saulted me, and a struggle followed, but with the same oar with which he crushed in the skull of the girl he laid me out, then robbed the body of the girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped." Dash heard the whole story, and would have rushed down and denied it; but, alas ! circum stances were against him. The girl's head had been crushed' by a blud geon, and he really had the jewels on his per son, although for no unlawful pnrpffsS: One of the men was left with the body, while the others started to notify the authorities, so 1 that an immediate search might be instituted tor tlie supposed assaswn. The .man had furnished an accurate descrip tion of Dash Kingston, and, as the latter stole away,he fully realised nis peril: circumstances —*4tal circumstances, were against him,andhe ha\\_Ynconsciously assisted in gathering them aboui him. He succeedefl m reaching the city without being discovered, and upon the following morn ing reatfin the papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a diabolical m'urder, in-^ eluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by the assassin, and a garbled description of his person. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts; and in hopes that the matter would blow over in a few .days, he shaved off his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon the very evening of his arrival he was passing the door of the laides' parlour in the hotel, when he beheld a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in his veins. There, standing in the centre of the parlour, was a lady; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his eyes rested upon was the living1, breathmg. girl the dead body of whom he believed he had left upon the Rose Bay shore under the moonlight some hours before. At first he thought it might be only a fancied resemblance. Recovering his self-possession, he stepped into the room. There was not the least possibility of a mis take ; there were the satne features, the same lovely blue eyes, the same golden tresses, the, exquisite mouth—all,all the same. " Oh, hoavens! em I jnnd, or ljuve I V»en dreaming some horrible dream 7** murmurs* Dash, as he staggered from the room. But the idea of a dream was quickly dis« pelled. His hand pressed the jewels in his pocket, and the blue eyes were turned toward him in wondering amazement £'i'o jjjj Cosxihdhd.2 