[?] The New Z eal and footballers hear! il yj >nrfcomed'.iP BrisbauOr : - = ' ;! Heavy rains in Tasnhm; A mailman narro wlyescapesdrO wning. j; Prohibition of the, importation of sheep from New Zealand removed. New Zealand Trust and LoanCo. pays a dividends 4s 6d per share. - ' Talkbf -a Parsee crieket team coming out to Australia.' Ghost of Hafed I . ! ' The appeal of Makin, the,Sydney baby- killer, still beforeihe Privy Council. The " New Australia" expedition to South America left Sydney last week. Lord Kintore wants to retire. Lord Ripon says he hasn't served his time. A load of salt brought from Swan Hill to Albury. First load for many years. A party of pioneers lost near Zeebau, Tasmania. The police out searching for them. The London financiers think Australia ought to import an English financial ad viser. Colonel Gordon appointed military commandant Soiith Australia — L600 a year. Lieutenant Cresswell appointed naval commandant South Australia — L300 a year. The Countess of Kintore, wife of the Governor of South Australia, arrived in London. Joe Goddard, the pugilist, on board the Alameda, which has left Auckland for Sydney. Prospects of a peaceful settlement of the bakers' dispute in Adelaide. Mutual concessions. The Governor of Queensland requests the Ministry to withdraw their resigna tions. They do. Balance of the Napier Harbor Board 5 per cent, loan (L49,8G0) taken up at the minimum, L98. Suggested that the head office of Goldsbrough, Mort and Co. should be transferred to London. Warden's, telegraphic report from Cool- gardie ; — " Men generally making wages. Good prospects." Sir Julias Vogel, ex-Premier of New Zealand, contributes anarticle on 44 Home Rule" to the 44 Pall Mall." An AucHd Creditor petitioning to have the ,3.ZXi. and M.A, Co. wound ur> Under theoahies' ActSSB. ; The NewvSouth - Wales" Government have dismissed all their rabbit inspeCtOrs. Ixifi | -ConditionaL Jeaseinspectorsfo_de work. \ . Resolutipif i-earried in London for tne voluntary the - Exploration Flow on. , . The 5 per. cent, debentures of the Napierpm?bbr Boaid have X2. Suspehslon of the, N. Z.L. and m. A Co. theSausej . ; TheSW and Agency Company Limited payS; ;% dividend at the Tate of 6 per cent per annum. In viewof a possible- difficulty in renewing the debentures, the directors propose to call up L3 a share, the pay ment :tb be extended over two years, 