LONDON WOOL LETTER. STABILITY WANTED IN FINE WOOL TRADE. London, January 20. — The Colonial Wool, brokers' Association met (as usual, one week before the oponiug date) 011 Tuesday last to mako arrangements for the rotation of sell- ing during the first series of sales for the year, which the wool importers' committee had fixed should begin on tho 24th inst. For some days before the time of meeting an un founded rumor had been industriously circu lated, it is assumed by interested parties, to the effect that owing to the extremely limited quantity arriving for some time past, and the possibility of the sailing vessels not coming to port with sufficient dis patch to allow of proper landing, handling and preparing for sale, it had been decided to postpone the opening of the sales for at least a week, or until the 31st insfc. This canard " caught 011" in somo quarters, and some anxiety was certainly manifested by consumers who had allowed their stocks of the raw article to run down lo small dimensions to ascertain the truth on the subject. Needless to say that the question of an adjournment was soon proved to bo without any foundation, so far us the wool merchants' committee was concerned, tho members no doubt feeling that with enough wool on. hand and in sight by largo cargo steamers, to make up a decent salo, it would be almost ' a breach of faith towards those shippers who had perhaps paid extra freight to make sure of having the advantage of the January serie3, should any action bo taken to rob them of the benefit of a deficiency in the supplies of oven 30,000 or 40,000 hales. Beyond this very important question of keeping faith as far as possible with the owners of the wool, and acting on behalf of, and lo safeguard the best interests of, the wool-growing community, I think one may justly give to the committee a certain meed of praise for boldly standing by their original decision to open the sales 011 the 24th instant with whatever arrivals may come to hand, on the very tangible ground that this will probably turn out iu bo a wiso and paying policy in tho long run. You have long since found out that the "slump" in values at tho close of the. Loudon November sales was a serious matter for growers, and to have opened the year with a series including, as some fully ex pected, 330,000 bales (aiul even higher figures were currently named), would havo given wool but little chance lo recover lost ground, ami worse still, the effects of a decline of 5 percent, or 10 per cent. 011 the markets for lops, yarns, ami piece goods would have been deplorable and fur-reaching. The great want of tho line wool trade to day is stability and backbone. This hesita tion and nervousness, arising partly from undue caution on tho part of consumers, as well as from the hand lo mouth policy pur sued by some others, have to he overcome somehow, or the trade will go from bad to worse. It has been a pleasant task to chronicle Iroin time to time siuco tho un happy period of August last year some features of amelioration and improvement iti the conditions of the wool trade, us rellcclod in somewhat higher prices for the raw staple now uml again ; but notwithstanding these brighter indications, thoro is 110 gainsaying the uiauy unsatisfactory surroundings of the present and doubtful omens of the future. The trade wants a fillip, or something to set it going on a better footing, and evon if those rises are not fully sustained they do good for tho time being by making people place orders for cloth, etc., on a more liberal scale than they otherwise would if the market kept at a "dead" re spectable level at the bottom of tho ditch. There is nothing which can compare for a moment under present circumstances as a real tonic for prices, with a woll-foundod belief in a short supply, and on this ground alone I, for one, acting iu the interests of the woolgrowers, hail with pleasure the an nouncements which appear from time to timo that the supply will be much less at the forthcoming scries than at tho corresponding sales of 1802\. Although the supply was only 142,000 bales 011 Tuesday last whon the brokers met, yet I learn that they drew up the list of sales on the supposition that possibly 280,000 bales might be available (about 30,000 bales less than last year), but it ap pears extremely doubtful at time of closing mail whether tho quantity will much exceed 250,000 hales. The Miltiades, from Syduey, reported on Wednesday as off the coast, must have a word of praise for an 86 days passage and probable arrival to a good market. Also the General Gordon yester day, in a smart 82 days, and tho clipper Rodney in 85 days, from tho same port; while the &ulamiH;, afler a good run of 85 days from Melbourne, keeps up her reputation. Tho actual quantities, and curront rates of the serins will reach you by cable long ere this is published, but in the anticipation of a firm opening, induced not by any improvement in trade, but for reasons above staled it is us well to have these few explanatory remarks as throwing some light on the probable course of events towards the middle of the year. All the consumers I came iu contact with declare two things with barefaced confidence, they cannot afford to pay a fraction more than last sales rates, and they don't mean to buy a bale more than is needful to carry them on until the April sales, when they look for ample supplies of both line wool and cunmbrcds Then, say they, wc shall havo the whiphuud and get our wool on our own tonus, that is at a lower figure, and with every disposition to prove that wool is now cheaper than it ought to be, it is a most difficult tiling to give any cogent reason why even present values should be maintained, knowing an .! do tho intense struggle for existence now going on, and tho arduous efforts 011 tho part of many good houses to face keen competition and to keep prices for manufactured goods anywhere near tho parity of cost of production. The modern rivalry between England, France, and Ger many for supremacy in tho wool world appears more like a fierce war of exter mination for the weakest than anything else, owing to the necessity ot keeping the enor mous amount of machinery going to a largo extent, but this ia not an unmixed blessing to the woolgrowers now, as the disastrous trading of the past year or two lias done much to impoverish the manufacturers and make them try to " skin" the woolgrowers as well as labor. They haven't the shadow of a ghost of a chance of a big profit on tho coucral run of goods, tho great difficulty boing to obtain orders 011 anything liko equitable terms to keep combs, frames, or looms running. It is absolutely necessary for woolgrowers to know tho honest, naked truth about tho bard conditions under which work is done in Europo. My special advices from tho United States show that tho woollen and worsted manu facturers have hud a good year during 1892, but the situation has changed for the worse since tho election, owing to the uncertainly aS to when tariff reform legislation will begin, and 110 one will buy on a large scalo until the opening of tho door for "free wool" comes well into sight. The opinion is held by somo that it will bo safe to buy in small quantities of foreign and colonial wools at present prices, jf the pur chaser can sco his way to keep tlicm in bond until tho day of emancipation dawns, when foreign markets will probably advanco to such an extent as to make the venture a profitable one. There is, how ever, but small encouragement in such counsel, and the best tiling in my view is for your woolgrowers to go in hot and strong for growing stout, broad-haired, long-stapled wool, as strong, bony, aud long as possible, so as to bo ready for the good time eomihg. It will not matter much if tho fleeces are a bit yolky, so that tlioy are bright and sightly, and will yield about 45 per ceut. clean warp wool. I fancy it will take a deal of educating before tho Americans will buy heavy greasy, or touch scoured wool at all freely. There is no doubt that the reforming zeal of tiic democrats has been to a large degree checked by tho fact that tlie present Government has de pleted the Treasury and mortgaged future income to pay sinccuro and old soldier pen sions. This appears now a master-stroke of diplomacy, and gives vested interests— tho poor American woolgrowers, as well as manufacturers— a fair breathing time. I believe that in a few years you will findthe Americana snapping up all tho medium quality Australian crossbred wool with any stylo and well skirted (so as to obviate the burrs) in preference to either Now Zealand or English and Irish wool of similar quality, as they have a growing im pression that their European rivals owe much of their success to the class of wool used, and the way in which it works up, rather than to their superior skill. Tho arrivals of "new clip" River Plato wool on tho various markets so fat fully confirm, on personal inspection, the somewhat unfavorable opinion previously expressed as to this sea son's produco, which, though of fair quality and soft handle, contains far too many burrs and seeds ; i3 also tendor and heavy in grease. This will tell in favor of Australian wool later on in the year when the truth is realised. The offerings announced for the opening day's sale on Tuesday next arc moderate, and liot very strikingly representative. A fair show of Sydney, such as Kyanga, Corona, Bungle Gully, LMcR over Btillerawa, etc. Queensland wools include GF over Bimcruh, Kuthven, Glenhili, Toolburra, etc., etc.; while amongst the Adelaides, tnay be named— Moorura, YVilgcna, Cuthero JxP, JK con joined, etc. I trust my report on pricc3 may be something good by next mail. 