lira SAINT AND THE SINKER A "LITTLE G0MJ5DT AT ST. PETER'S GATE St.; S<it& «tVofi;;gukrSfa't'ite AyitlrasolCmnim^ '' Whettiipto'fclietopoftkegolden'Btair;', cA man and woinauaseended-lihere, - Applied for .admission. 'They came,, and l, : -'i/C.- v J"-' BeTore'St. Peter; so great and good, 1 ' ''' lu-hope the City of'Peace to win-™ ;Tlie:Avoman- wasitall-aiid Jankand thin,-.,; « th a shaggy; beardlct ,ou her chin.,,»; ,.» The man was short., aud thick arid stolit, •His stomach M'as built'so it rouiidcri'out,; His face was pleasant and all-the wjiile .. ._ He woi'e%*kiu3Iy-p>'d geniafSmil® ! 5 r! Tlie choirs in-thecUstaneethejechdes awoke, Aiid. tlie man kept' still. while thej^oinair- .' . ,-. spoke.. ... " Oh",- tho.u whoiguai'de^t- the gate," saidslie. To let us eiiter the heaVenly land' " • ' , Arid ; play our liiii'ps jvitli'the aiigerhahd. 0£me;;St. Peter,ithereisVrio dpubtj . ; > .There's nothing fi-piiL-lieaveu.tp^ariiiie out; ,I've .been to meeting . 'Arid iiiiiip's't aliva;ys?d J i'ise'£^d 1 speak; " I've'told'tiie' kmja^aWii.t^e.'da^ TOjyaB'th'eVi'riiJraa'® Vff.'&^'era^SW.y/-. •I've told ii\y'neighbours—I\'.eitcAd"<em-$,ll > \ 'Bout-Adam and Eve aud tlie Piimal Pffillv. Pve.sliowu theiiii.\vJiat":they'd,3mve':t-o. dp.. If :tbey'd passin witli tliechoaerifew. 'I've marked'their p a t h ' ' Laid but tlie plans for'tkeiivwhole career." ''I've talked >iiid talked to them loud and' long, . •; ; j. i '1 Fpnny lungs are.gepd aud my voice is strong. So, good St. Petev, you'll clearly see Tlie gates of heaven are'open for me ; But my old luan I regret to say, Hasn't, walked.exactly the.parrow .way. . Re .smoli£-'« ;Liid lit? faults Arid I ("Ibn't K'now 'whether Im'll ]!ass or not. He never would x'ray with.an earnest, vim, Or go to revival or ]om m a hymn. Biit preferred to sit in his easy chair, So I had to leave him in sorrow there. He ate what the pantry chose to afford, While I, in my purity sang to the-Lp^d, Aud i£ cucumliers were all lie got, It's a chance if he merited them or not. But,, oil, St; Peter, I love him so, _' To tiie pleasures of beaveii^please let him go ! I've done enough—a saint I've been. Won't that atone V Can't you let him in ? But in my grim gospel I know 'tis so That tlie unrepentant must fry below ; But isn't there some way you can see That he may enter who's dear to me ? " It's a narrow gospel by which I pray. But the chosen expect to find; a way Of coaxing or fooling or bribing you So that their relation can amhle through ; And say, St. Peter, it seems to me, This gate isn't kept as it eught to be, Ypu ought tp stand right by the opening there. And never sit down in that easy cliair. " And say, St. Peter, my sight is dimmed, But I don't like the way your whiskers are trimmed ; They're cut too wide and outward toss ; They'd look better narrow, cut straight across. Well, we must be going, our crowns to win* So open, St. Peter, and we'll pass in •!" St. Peter sat quiet, stroked his staff, But spite of his office he had to laugh, Then he said, with a fierce gleam injhis eye, " Who's tending this gate, you or I ? " And then he rose, in his stature tall, And pressed the button upon the wall, And said to the imp who answered the bell, Escort this lady arouud to—Hades. The mau stood still as a piece of stone— Stood sadly, gloomilv, there alone, A life-long settled idea he had That his wife was good and he was bad ; He thought if the woman went down below That he would certainly have to go, That if she went to the regions'dim There wasn't the ghost of a show for lurn. Slowly he turned, by habit bent, To follow wherever the woman went. St. Peter, standing on'duty there,: ..:• Ob en ed that the top of his head was bare Ho called tlie gentleman "baUs and said, " Priend, how long have you been wed ?' " Thirtv years (with a weary sigh),. And : then lie thoughtfully added, " Why ?" St Peter was silent.' With head bent down He raised his hand and scratched lus crown, Then, seeming a different thought to take, Slowly, half to lnmself, he spake: " Thn-ty years with that woman there ? IN o wonder the man hasn't any hair I Swearing is wicked. Smokes not good-! He smoked and swore—I should think he would ! ''Thirty years with a tongue so sharp? Ho ! Angel Gabriel! Give him a'harp J A jewelled harp, with a golden string !. flood sir, pass m where the angels sing ! Gabriel, give him a seat alone— Oue with a cushion—up near the throne ! • Call up some angels to play their best, • Let Jnm enjoy the music and rest! , ":See that on the finest Ambrosia he i feeds. He's Jiad about all the Hades lie,needs..; It isn't hardlv the thing to do, .To roast him on earth and in future, too." Thev gave him,a harp with golden strings, A glittering robe and a pair of wings, And he said as he entered thePealms of Day, Well. this.beats- cucumberBj'.'anvway!^' And so the Scriptures had comejto pass. .. That " The lost jshall be first, and -tlie first shall be last.' — W&kly; Tdtgrn 