A DIARY OF PARLIAMENT. By tiic " Sjui.nt Mbubeiu" TUB SAME SUBJECT. Tjiciwdat Niout. Tito epeeehes made in the Assembly to-night wero not mportant, excepting that of the Treasurer. Tnoy reflected tho opinions ol tho rank nnd file of both sides of the House, and threw roine sidelights on tho specially intersitiug, either for any personal reasons or for tho aubjoct matter they contaiucd. Mr Joseph . Harris, Mr Tavcraor, Mr Frank Stuart, Mr Tom Smith, and Mr Methveu aro all estimable men, and their utterances arc, no doubt, of cousidoraljln consequence to their coustituout uud to themselves, but do not call for any particular mention. Speeches of this kind, iu fact, aro not made to bo heard. They aro made to be reported, so that the watchful elector, in provinco or auburb, may sco tbat "our member" bas been taking Ids due part to tho delibera tions ol l'ariiament. Tho House was Hourly empty tho whole eveuiug. Many members had gene home ; others found tbe smoking rooms or library more congenial, Thore was a central under standing that (ho principal men for whose voices the country is Usteuiug — Mr Shifts, Mr Gillies and Mr Deakin— shall speak on Tuesday or Wednesday next. Nobody is realty auxious for any more talking than tho real political leaders of the country may havo to do. MrU. D. Carter rote to mako his reply before a very nivagru House, at huif- past 8 o'clock, and spoke for two bouis. There was a dash of the old Mr Carter— the bantering wit of the Opposition corner— in the early part of his speech. Office has sobered, hint wonderfully. Mr Zox has saddened at tha gravity that has como upon his whilom fellow jester, whoso uvoiat cynicism and Laboucherinu humor aud audacity used so oliuu to sot tlio House in a roar ; aud this sobering has had such au effect upon the proprietor of the white waist coat that he has not made a ainglo pun, or a solitary quotublo joke, side seuioti. But to-night Mr Carter gavo a little moro play to hie fancy. '8omo patte ol hie speech wero in capital form, aud amused the House ercatiy. lie diubbed poor Mr Harper in Ihe kindliest fashion— took him nurusa his knee in n paternal way, as it. were, and spanked him : " Gentle severity, reunites mild, Fall of chaste love and pity sorrowing."' Like many politicians. Mr Harper has a shore memory about his own past opinions. On Tuesday oiglit be had jauutily recom mended suspension of the municipal subsidies in substitution for tho In come Tax proposals. But what did ho ssy last February ? Mr Carter brought forth a copy of a letter sent by Mr Harper to the " Argus " durinv thai month, in which hosaid thatlf the municipal subsidies had beou suspended, " our system of local soli Government weuhl havebeen paralysed.'' Members roared with laughter when iho Treasurer, with tho utmost gravity, walked along to Sir Ilurpor, offered him a copy of his letter written in February, and tho lion member turned his hack on bis child, with a gesture as ol Muuhoth cowering before lliu apparition of Iknquo's ghost. Mr Carter was much more prolix than his matter demanded, and might very well have said all he bad to soy In halt liiu lime. But lie mado tho most of the points loll to him to take up, and answered thein very convincingly. There was but one glsriug omission. He took the figures broogm for ward by Mr M'Kintey on Tuesday, and de clared that they puzzled him. But he (lid not give the figures upon which lie himself bases his estimate that ho will get L300,000 from his Income Tax. H Mr M'Kiuley's estimate is puzzling, Mr Carter's is like the riddle of tbo Sphinx, which no m&u; can solve. 