AMUSEMENTS, THEATRE ROYAL. As might have been expected from the general colonr of Mr. Bentley's rendering of bfaakepenan and other characters, about the interpretation of which actors differ so materially, the very-much-married Thane of Cawdor was not made to appear as a man with no more backbone than a jellv lish, nor any more mind than an oyster or the conscience of a book canvasser. r t ,shr,ewdly suspect that the character of Macbeth too often depends upon whether a laoy is leading the company or a gentleman running the concern. If it is a ' masterful' lady, like Sarah Bernhardt or Mrs. Bernard Beere, for instance, then Macbeth 13 oniy Mrs. Macbeth's husband, so to sneak, but if the star i«j -in n»fm. and not an actress then Macbeth 13 a man o ScUon, a typical hardy, bold, honestinten tioned Scottish w.arr'or of th9 rude fighting times, better in the field than the council, and his lady is a strong-minded adviser, working upon his ambition against his better nature. Mr. Bentley's Macbeth 13 very acceptable and strong, and his Scotch accent, which marred his Richelieu was not out of place. The Thane, the sport of tho weird sisters, and the football of Fate and assisted by a wife, in whom fell-ambition killed tho woman in her nature, was repre sented as a stalwart soldierly chief tain, super stitious as became the rude age in which he lived, but not a weak, vacillating coward aa he is tco often depicted. Ho was a Macbeth with whom the house could sympathize. The character of Mr. Bentley'd thane may be summed up in that pregnant passage : ? Vet I do fear thy nature; It is too full of the milk 'of human kindness Xo catch tlse nearest way; tiiou would'st be Teat' A rt not wicliont ambition, bat without 1 he HIsess should attend it. What tuoii would'st That tliou wouliVst liolily ; would'si not play false Auci yet would'st wronjilv win. ' In laake-up, costume, and bearing Mr. Beirtley came close to those fine, spirited illustrations oF this great p!ay by the late Sir John Gilt)9rt ia Knight's edition of ?' Shakspeare.*' Ho dre«ed the character magnificently, and acted it with deep and manly feeling. In the scene with tha WM.-d sisters tho -play of his mobile features was more eloquent than hU gestures, and m this and the ecene with Lady Macbeth . be gives the kevnote to his conception, and conveys the 'idea thai in Macbeth's mind wero alreading germinating tuo seeds of treachery, the dreadful fruit of winch ho bad no idea until his ambitious lad v's superior intellect sketched the form. In the interview with Lady Macbeth on his return from his military duties, honoured by the King, the workings of bis mind were indicated in a masterly manner under temptingof the woman, and we have seldom seen a house so husheu into attention as in the second act. where ther© ia eo mnch powerful emotional acting, and where one of the most severe tests of the actors art i3 made In conjunnff up in Macbeth's excited mini the vision of the dagger Mr. Bentley stands nenr the entrance to Duncan's chamber and delivers the lines in a hushed, awestruck tone, which is very impressive, and in the succeed ing scene with Lady Macbeth, when she scathes him with a seething torrent of Ecornful words, his ao^injr was verv fine. cnlminnHnr* ;« an artistic exit in which the passion was by no means torn to tatters. His demeanour afterwards on the assumption of the throne, was royal, indeed he made a stately monarch in' bearing and rich costuming:. In tho terrible strain towards the close of the third a^t, when his super stitious fears are excited by the ghost of Banquo. he bore his part with thrilling force, and, by-tbe- way, introduced a novel reading by having the ghost come in a third time, and sea* himself in one of the chairs on tho dais in the banqueting hall Neither Macbeth nor his consort see the ghost until they are leaving the scene of eo much terrible mental excitement, whea Mac beth, turning at the door to glance nervously round the hall, sees the gho3t again, and hi3 renewed agitation causes the Queen to glance in the same direction. She for the first timo sees the awful phantom, and with a beart-rending scream of horror shrinks to the ground, whereupon the curtain Falls upon a fine tragic gioup. The The eroupingin 'Macbeth' on Saturday night B-aa the most picturesqtie we have seen in that play in the Theatre Royal for years, ind it is enhanced by the handsome :osturces, albeit Banquo and some of he lesser lights would have looked better 11 ' '^—^^^^^?~^*~m^mii^^imK^^^m bad they shown the nufe-browa knaaa of ™°fc ^y *»* -uwtead of wearing tights. Although sha did aot fill tho requirements of the J uno-hke Lady Macceth, Mias Kate Bishop merits high praise for her impersonation, albeit her face and voice have little of the character of the high-souled misguided woman who by hersuperior force of intellect and harder mental fibre drove the Thane of Glamis through a stream of blood to the throne. In faot Lady Macbeth . on Saturday night was rather theadvieer than the prompter of her lord, as Mr. Bentley's Macbeth was the stronger nature of the two, though the blunter intellect. A Lady Macbeth with fair hair and a soft musical voice ia -somewhat uncommon on tha stage, not -acceptable, but Miss Kate Bishop acted carefully, and with dignity. King Duncan suffered no loss of dignity at the hauds of Mr. AicGowan. and Mr. H. R. Robert3 made an athletic 'MacDuif. Ths fight to a finish between him and Macbeth is always a tit-bit for the gallery, and it waa so on Saturday night. The witchea were gruesome and weird enough in make-up and speech, but tha incan tation scene was not impressive, nor was it improved by the introduction of a caul dron which looked like a blackleaded fire screen with slits in it. The general cast was satisfactory. One of tha soldiermes sengers in rushing in with news to the Queen , created an unrehearsed effect by slipping and ? falling flat on hi3 back at her feet. Thin', tickled the house immensely. Mi-. Bentley's . performance and presentation of Macbeth- is a credit to his high reputation as a Shak3 pearian actor and stage manager. It will be ? repeated to-night. The performance of 'Rob Roy.' next Wednesday is to be under tha patronage of the Caledonian Society. The management notify elsewhere that the box-plan . will be opened this morning at Marshall's for mem? bers of that Society only, and to tho.generai public on Tuesday morning. 