WOMAN'S WORLD. Here is a short study of "dancing" by Mrs. . Lilly Grove, of Oxford. Sho described dancing as corresponding to a universal primitive instinot iu man. The vnluo of a icientifio study of dancing, as illustrating some aspcots of ethno logy, was very great, At all poriods thero aro \- tbrco kinds of dnnoen (1) Tho imaginative or poctio ; (2) tho deseriptive ; (3) the religious. This last was most important, and might ho called tho fountain of the otiior kinds. Dancing was connooted with every ancient myth. Among the Ravages the idea of maoio accom panied it. Religious dnnoen oouhl be divided iuto (a) dances dircotly in honor of tho Deity ; (!>) dances on various occasions intended to pro pitiate the Doity. A strange feature was the fact that so many dances wore porformcd In a circle. Sun danoe wore munorous. War dances, wore of two orders, either as a prepara tion for war or as a rejoicing nftor triumph. Tho Oorroborre illustrated tho formar aspect. Excellence in d&uoing; among savages was obtained by very siinplo means ; anyono who mado a mistake in the dntico was killed. (Laughter.) Women took a larger Bbaro in tho dance than men. This was acoountcd for by . Herbert Spencor, alio, thought, who SAid thoy were not exhausted by war and hunting, and found that outlet for thoir surplus energy. (Laaghtcr.) Marringo danoos were found in every tribe ; so wero dovil .dances, usod as exorcisms or as a medioine cure. The danec of the Ycddaks of Ccylcn, the HMlc dc Pifano of Chili, tlio skeleton danco of Australia, belonged to this class of danolng. Dancing might bo tho outoome of pain and sorrow as well as the ex pression of joy. Funeral dances wero common in Nubia and Contral America, and wero muoh in favor with the ancient Egyptians In con clusion, she said that tho universality and tho naturalness of dancing make it an important factor in the history of man. The further we travel from tho origin of our species, the less concern docs male humanity show to onhauce what sharo of beauty it may lay olaim to, or to screen the ugliness it is generally heir to, by graco of garments. Among ivilned and well to do mon, gala costume has no keynote now but respectability. At weddings aud at funerals, at garden parties as in Parlia ment, costumo is attuned to harmonise with tho hurtful btack cyliudor which tho supino- ncss of our great grandfathers allowed tho batters to impose on them as a head covering, and a hundred hopeless years have but served to bind more tightly on our aching browc. If the chimney pot hat were comfort able wear— were it sun proof or rain proof, or e&biiy; carried when not in u»o — our alicgiatieo to it might be monotonous, but at Ioast it would bo intelligiblo. Hut iu plain truth it is intole rable in snushino; it is so nmisitive of rain drops that an umbrella must be carried for its special shelter, and whou wo travel it is as difficult to dispose of as a murdered corpse. It oannot be concealed— tho acoursed thing will fit ia with uo other portion of our raimout, and must bo provided for with a spuoi&l; caso of grotesquo aud impracticable shape. In wear or out of wear, wo cannot forgot its exist ence, nor neglect to make provision for its pro tection. Ooph&lgio; humanity has tried every means to bo quit of it, hut in vain, T hcoroaturo has not cvon a serious name, for no one oxoept tho fiend who frames it knows it as a silk hat. Sohoolboya, with the contempt born of fami liarity, call it a "buster," or a "topper;" soldiers, scornfully, a "stovopipo;" civilians, roalisfcioally, a "chimnoy pot." Iu vain has bountiful nature provided straw, and human ingonuity fashioned felt. Two moro perfect substances for head covering could not havo been dGvised ; but, perversely, littering our horses with tho ono and roofing our barns with tho othor, wo thrust our til inking orgaus into unyield ing towers of pasteboard. In a oitnplo ago we should havo mado a god of It, prayed to //, Rung to It, bowed to It, propitiated It, but having adopted monotheism, we arc consistent, in a cow- ardlily way.and arccontcnt to insist upon taking It to ohnroh with u9. Tho first inhabitant of Mars who visits tho earth and on his roturn publishes a volume of his travels, will probably dosoribo how in Western Europe the possession of a chim- ney pot hatls essential to salvation. And now lot us dismiss 5the hat from consideration— wohlu that it could bo so carily dismUsod from wear— with a passing speculation ns to tho tenacity with which in its present form it has fixed itself in our seheme of costume. This prob ably has its origin in tho jealousy felt by those under middle height towards others of a more commanding nature—" A small man may look no bigger with a tall hat on, but ho feels so." — Sir Herbert Maxwoll, in Blaekwoodfs Maga zine. The Indian women of Colorado seem to have much of the artistic quality, if one may judge from tho display they make of their products at the World's Fair. The mosteivilined of modern decorators could hardly get a more picturesque effect than has beon produced by their draperies of blankets, woven by themselves, about the walU of their oxhiblt situated at tho turn of tho stairway in the woman's building. A large part of the exhibit, too, is made up of realty artistic things, Buoh as beautifully deco- \- rated musical instruments and weapons of war, while their paintings and carvings, though rudo, aro extremely interesting. Thoir exhibition of baskets, < whllo not striotly artistic, is effeotivo and ourious, and shows oxcellont examples of barbaric taste as well as skill and ingonuity. Among tho baskets are some so olosely woven that they are used for carrying wator. Sug- ge3tivo of thoir lifo is a fine door's head with branching antlers, the owner of whioh one could fanoy might havo owed bis loss to the grim old Indian chief whose bust stands iu one corner. . According to a magazino article, Diokens is credited with a discrimination as to the charms of womankind, whioh is veiy nubtlo and vory , actual. Onbelngasked to turn himself intoaninc- tccnth. century Paris, ho said : "Mrs. Norton is perhaps tho most beautiful, but tbo Duchess (of ' Sutherland) iB to my mind tho more kissable porsqu." The grammar may leave a littlo to be desired, but the distinction is a real one, and it is because Englishwomen as a olaus are so " kissable" that thoy hold tho plnco of honor among the nations of all the world. In the fourteenth century wo know that tho position of woman, was, ns Mr. Gilbert would say, " uot a happy ono," but it seems that no woman was allowed meat more than three times a woek, whereat her lord and master had a sur feit of it;xand wine was only allowed to women as medicine, whoroas mon eould take it more frequently than wisely. Thero is a ' story circulating in fashionable circles, writes tho Yorkshire PosVs Loudon cor respondent, whioh deserves a wider curreney than it has yet reoeivod. Recently a Robot party was assembled at a country house, nnd as time hung somewhat heavily ou tho hands of thegucBts, it was proposed that cards should bo introduced. All present acquiesced with the exception of one lady— tbe wife of a well known Ainericau millionaire. On boing pressed to give her .reason for standing out, this lady said that sho made it a rule nevor to play cards, ns when she played she uniformly won, and alio found it extremely unpleasant in practice to bo so invariably luoky. The company de clined to acoept the plea as suflloient, nnd muoh against her will tho fair Ainerioan was induced to join the oircle at the table. Tho result, how ever, perfectly justified her confidenoo in her luck. Before tbo evening closed she had com pletely divested her fellow-players of all their spare oash, Thero was not the name anxiety to secure the lady's attendance at tho card table on subsequent evenings. The Vegetarian has mado a distinctly interest ing discovery. People who sleep in ohurob,' it saya, in effeot, do not do so bccauso of the tedious length or the wearisome dulnoss of the preacher, but because they aro hypnotised. The concentration of the attention upon one figure, tho silence of the congregation, the subdued light, together create tho feeling of Bleopiuoss, whioh is so often hard to resist. If thiB be true, the less attention we pay to the preacher, there fore, the more likely are we to csoape the disgrace of being detected in an irreverent state of sotnnolenoe. Hero is a list of Madame Patti's "Confes- lons," which appears in The Woman of Borne ; —Tho quality you most admire in man, honesty. The quality you most' adtaireqimwomati,; faith. Your favorite occupatiohpiJreading.;> - Your favorite pastime, O'oiiterUining friends. Your, favorite season , of .the>> year, spring. The flowor you most admire, I love nil flowers. Your favorite holiday resort, Graig-y-Nos. The poet you most admire, Longfellow. Your favorite novelist, Olmrtea Diokens. Your favorite story, my own. It is hardly probable, wo think, that the American woman will adopt tho Btylo of tho horscwomanship which, according to tho Globe, is being rcoommended to them by tho much travelled Colonel Dodge. It is that adopted by tho Egyptian horsewoman, who sits astride her animal with her foet gathored up under her thighs Into Btirrups only a few inohes long, the seat being kept puroly by balance. Tbe advan tages of this poouliar stylo of equestrianism is not shown, but they should bo many indeed to compensate for the obvious difficulty, discom fort aud l&ok; of grace. A lady riding cross country Egyptian fashion would indeed be a fearsome and wondrous spectacle. A belt Btudded with jewels, and ones the pro perty of the Empress Eugenie, has been brought undor tho hammer, and has become tho proud possession of an aotress. The bolt was given to tho Empross by tho Emporor just before the Franoo-Prusslan war. It should certainly have boon brought to the notice of Madamo Bern hardt, who could have seourod a splendid " pro- bdt " for TliuOuuin. Tho niftMi p« iCO realised, less than £30, was duo to the diamonds having boon voplacod by cheaper stones after Sedan. Alas 1 how much happiness, and how many hopes were changed— after Sedan. The Aroh-Duohoas Rainer possesses some poarls of unusual beauty, but which some timo ago showed signs of losing their brilliancy. They wero what the experts call " ill," and as the only euro tiie pearls will havo to be again aubmorged in their origiual element, and remain in the sea for several years. For this purpose divers have built a sort of cage of rooks in the Adriatie Sea, opposite the ehftteau of Miramara, and iu this reecptaole the Aroh-Duohcss'a pearls have now been dopositcd. The success of tho two lady factory inspectors, Mine May Abraham and Mrs. Irwin, is likely to open a new field of employment for women, tho Homo Secretary having announood that tbo re sult of appointing theso ladies has provod so satisfactory that he intends at the earliest oppor tunity to add to the number of Indy inspectors. This news has caused great satisfaotion among those who, in tho fnco of muoh opposition, advo cated tho appointment of these ladies. Anothor sphoro in which women aro beginning to mako their influence folt is that of sanitary inspection. Scvoral ladies havo passod tho somewhat diffi cult examination ncoossary for tho qualification, and two havo been appointed by tho Kensington authorities as sanitary inspectors for the dis trict. Thoro appears to bo little or no doubt as to the validity of tho complaints made by men that tho oppoBito sex is elbowing them out of occupa tions that have from time immemorial boon re garded by thom as thoir exolusive prerogative. In tho new census papers that bavo lately bocn issued wo fiod au imposing array of numbers, which inform us how sure and rapid is tbo grow ing supremacy of woman. From these we loam that there aro 72 womon agrioultural machine and implement makers aud 57 as proprietors or attendants of such maoliines, 50. womon acoountants, 90 as auctioneers and house agonts, 19 as architects, 57 as coal heavors or ooal porters, 73 as irou utouo miners, 16 as bill dis counters, fiuancial agents, or brokers, 66' as bricklayers, 27 lead minors, 2 veterinary Burgeons, 2 thatcbors, 3 foraalo bakers and 9 sword and bayonet makers. Tbe return also show that thoro are tnoro th&u; 5000 women gardeners, and 6 women are said to engaged in. town drainage scrvico. From tho abovo statistics it Is evident that hard work haB no terrors for tho wrongly so-oalled " weakor vessels " of tho nineteenth oontury, and In a short timo we may oxpeot a total subversion of ' the rospeotive positions of tho soxcfC- Tho Paris census reveals the fact -thai'theft1 are over' 2000 women who earn a living by ' their pen existing . in that city. 1 Tbo Seientifo American , quoting from tbo Louisville Journal , gives the following. Tbe accuracy of tho statement can be tested by thoso of our roadcrs who grow sweot peas and are troubled with flies : — " 'Gome inside a minuto,' said a Fourth-avenuo dealer in pianos yesterday afternoon. 'I havo discovered the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' Ho led tbo way to an instrument at tbo rear of tho storo, on which was a newspaper. On .the papar had been placed a bunoh of sweet peas. At least 1000 dead Uies were lying on tho papor iu the im mediate vicinity of the bundh of flowers. ' I throw those bore by olianco,' lie continued, 'aud in about 10 minutos I happened to notloe that every fly that alighted on tho flowers died in a very short time.' Even as ho spoke a number of the insects whioh hodRtopped to suck tho deadly sweet had toppled over dead. Thoy alighted with thoir usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivcrod in their legs, lluppcd their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost" Tho question, "Is Shop Lifting on tho In crease," is treated iu the columns of tho TFure- houseman and Draper . Thnt drapers suffer more than other tradesmen from this offence 1b the mlsfortuno of thoir stock. It has always been so, and our oontompurary finds a dialoguo in au old play, with tho titlo of Theoves Falling Out; or, TruoBIen Gome by Thoir Goods, which furnishos some comparisons. The parties in convorsoaro a 44 he-foyat " and a "slio-foyst," and tho woman says to ho'r com panion, " Suppose yon aro good at a 'lift'" (that is to say, shop ' lifting) "in 'mercers' shops, with haberdaahors of small wares, haberdashers of hata and oaps, &o.;, who bo tnoro cunning than wc wortien, in that wo are most trustod, for thoy littlo suvpeot us, and wo have as closo oonvoyanoo as you mon ; though you havo cloakes, wo havo skirts of gowncs, hand baHkots, tho crownos of our hatn, our plaokots, and, for a need, falso bags under our smocks, wberoin wo may oonvcy moro olosoly than you," This wan written ia 1637, and although implioit confidence in womankind may havo boen given up sinco thon, shop rogueries run much on the samo liuos. Canadian women are cxcellont housekeepers as far as a practical knowledgo of oookory goes and of tbo details of housekeeping. Tboy can not equal Englishwomen in administrative abili ties, but, their households boing so much smaller as a rule, they have not the same noed nf those talonts. Too oftou they art inclined to do work out of their spheres rather than trouble themsolves to train thoir servants properly. Thoro is uo doubt that early mar riages and presauro of domestic cares weigh too hoavily with Ganadian women. Thoir complete absorption in household matters, however praise worthy, Is deplorable in its results. Gifted with groat natural intelligence and talents, thoy seldom attempt to keop up their accomplish ments or improve their minds after marriage. Musio and languages and social talents generally languish for noed of nutrition. Where there is an absolute ooutentment there con be no pro gress, and tbe rosult is mediocrity. At on age when the English marriod woman is tbe centre of attraction in sooiety, the Canadian belle has abdicated and retired into tho baokground of her own accord. There is so little of that joie dc vivre wbioh lasts with Amerioan women into extreme old ago, and forms their' moat potent charm. Tho genus Bausfrau is to be found quite as muoh in the homes of Canada as in tho Bueh'IIolz families of Berlin. Happily tho good to bo got out of 'this, anil the logleal sequence of so muoh domestio devotion, is that the " emancipated" woman, the political woman and tho professional woman are aa yot unknown in tho Dominion. Tbe beauty of a Canadian woman is American in its character rather than English. You seldom eeo a figure modelled on tho linos of Juno, bqt djicato and lovely features, are common, and; the Canadian woman has m&tohloss; feet and< hands; j ' 