6 ° & *? Weapons of Mystery, CHAPTER IX. THE IIALL GHOST. ' In the Psalms of Solomon it reads, 1 Resist the dovil and he'll go away hovrlin'.' Well, I've resisted that 'ero devil, and he wouldn't go away till he'd knowed as how he'd played his little game ;' and Simon looked very solemn indeed. ' Is that nil, Simon ?' * A 11 nnn linnnn 'Ti'an'f milMt ? TTA11 XXllf JUt U\JL1\JL i JL13U u uim'ii) ,TV' think ; but to me it looks mighty sus picions, as I said to iny sweetheart when I see her a-huggin' and kiasin' the coachman.' I went away laughing, but my heart was still heavy. Try as I would, I could not dispel the fancy that soon something torrible would happen. During dinner Kallar made himself very disagreeable. This was somewhat unusual, as he was generally very bland and polite, but to-night he was so can tankerous that I fancied he must have been drinking. To me ho was especially insulting, and went so far as to hint that I, unlike other Englishmen, was a coward ; that I hadn't courage to resist a man manfully, but would act towards an enemy in a cunning, serpent-like way. This was not the first occasion on which he sought to pick a quarrel with mo, and I felt like resenting it. I de sisted, however, as there were ladies pre sent, and went on talking to my neighbor as if he hadn't spoken. This roused his ire more, when I saw that Voltaire watched me with his light glittering eye, as if expecting a scene. After dinner, this being New Year's Day, we passed a more than usually pleasant time. Storie9 were told, old ballads were sung, while Roger de Co verley was danced in downright earnest by most of those who were present. By midnight, however, the old hall was silent ; each of us had repaired to his ' room, and most, I expect, were quietly asleep, when a terrible scream was heard, after which there were shouts for help and hysterical cries. The sounds seemed to come from the direction of the servant's hall, and, quickly putting on ','. some clothes, I hurried thither. I soon found that the noise had roused the whole household, and so, when I arrived, I found a number of the guests had gathered together. On looking into the room, I saw that the housekeeper was lying in a swoon, one of she servants was in hysterics, while Simon Slowden, who ?wa3 in the room, and the page boy looked as white as sheets, and were trembling evidently with fear. ' What does this mean ?' asked Tom Temple, a little angrily. At this the housekeeper became con scions and said in a hoarse whisper, ' Is ' she gone?' '. What ? Who do you mean ?' asked Tom. ? The hall lady,' she said fearfully. 1 We are all friends here,' said Tom, and I thought I detected an amount of anxiety in his voice. This appeared to assure the house keeper,, who got np and tried to collect : her thoughts. We all waited anxiously ; for her to speak. ' I have stayed up late, Mr. Temple,' she said to Tom, ' in order to arrange somewhat for the party you propose giving on Thursday. Tho work had got behind, and so I asked two or three of the servants to assist me.' ? She stopped here, as if at a loss how to proceed. ' Go on, Mrs. Richards ; we want to know all. Surely thoro must be some thing terrible to cause yon to arouse us in this way.' ? I'll tell you as well as I can.' said the housekeeper, ' but I can hardly bear to think about it. 'Twas about one o'clock, and we were all very bnsy, when we heard a noise in tho corridor outside . the door. Naturally we turned to look when the door opened and something entered.' ', ' Well, what 7 Sonic servant walking in her sleep ?' ' Wo, sir,' said Mrs. Richards in awful tones. ' It looked like a woman, very tall, and she had a long white shroud : her, and on it were spots of blood. In her hand sho carried a long knife, which was also covered with blood, whilo the hand which hold it was red. She came closer to us,' she went on with a shud der, ' and then stopped, lifting tho ter rible knife in the air. I cannot remem ber any more, for I was so terribly frightened. I gave an awful scream, and then I suppose I fainted.' This story was told with many inter ? ruptions, many pauses, many cries, and I saw that the faces of those around 1 were blanched with fear. : ' Do you know what it did, Simon,' said Tom, turning to that worthy, ' after it lifted its knife in the air?' ' She went away with a wail like,' said Simon, slowly ; ' sho opened the door and wont out. An' then I tried to go to tho door, and when I got there, thero was nothin'.' ' That is, you looked into the pas sage ?' Simon nodded. ' And what did you think she was like?' ' Like the hall ghost, as I've heard so much about,' said Simon. I do not think Tom should have en couraged their suporsition by telling them, but he did. He was excited, and scarcely knew what was best to do. ' They say that, like other old house?, Templo Hall has its ghost,' he said ; 4 that she usually appears on Now Year's night. If the year is to be good to those within at the time, she conies with flowers and dressed in gay attire ; iE bad, she Is clothed in- black ; if there's to be death for any one, she wears a shroud. But it's all nonsense, you know,' said Tom, uneasily. 'And she's como in a shroud,' said tho servant who had been in hysterics, ' and there was spots of blood upon it, and that means that the ono who dies will be pjurdered ; and there was a knife in her hand, and that means that 'twill be done by a knife.' It would be impossible to describe the effect of this girl's words made. She made the ghost very real to many, and f.TiA nnlfimlf-.v mliinli slir- vvns snnnnsed to foretell seemed certain to come to pass. I looked at Gertrude Forrest and Ethel Gray, who wrapped in their dressing gowns, stood side by side, and I saw that both of them were terribly moved. Voltaire and Kaffar were both there, but they uttered no word. They, too, seemed to believe in the reality of the apparition* After a great deal of questioning on the part of the lady guests, and many soothing replies on the part o\ the men, something like quietness was- at length was restored, and many of tho braver ones began to return to their rooms, until Tom and I were left alone in the sevrvants' hall. We again questioned the servants, but with the same result, and then we went quietly upstairs. Arriving at the landing, we saw Miss Forrest and Miss Greg leaving Mrs. Temple at the door of her rooom. Tom hiirrind Jtn Mra drprr and t.nnlc her bv tho hand, while' I, nothing loth, spoke to Miss Forrest. ' There's surely some trick in this,' I said to her. I felt her hand tremble in mine as she spoke. 'I do not know. It seems terribly real, and I have heard of such strange things.' ' But you are not afraid 1 If yon are I shall be up with you all night, and will be so happy to help you.' I thought I felt a gentle pressure of her hand, but I was not sure ; but I know that .her look made me happy, as she, together with Edith Gray, entered her room a few minutes after. When they had gone, I said to Tom, ' I am not going to bed to-night.' 'No? 'Said Tom. 'Well' I'll stay up with you.' ' This ghost affair is nonsense, Tom. I hope you will not find any valuables gone to-morrow.' ' Real or not,' said Tom, gaily, ' I'm glad- it came.' ' How's that.' ? ' It gave me nerve to pop the question' he replied. ' I told my little girl just now — for she is mine now — that she wanted a strong man to protect such a weak little darling.' ' And she.' ' She said that she knew of no one, whom she liked, that cared enough for her to protect her. So I told her I did and then — well, what followed is per fectly satisfactory.' I congratulated him on his audacity, and then we spent the night in wander ing about the first floor of the. house, trying to find the ghost, but in vain; and when in the morning we all tried to laugh at the ghost, I felt that there was a deep sinister meaning in it all, and wondered what the end would be. (To be Continued'). 