STRAY NOTES. [BY J. GRASSIE] THINGS IN GENERAL. The late Judge Williams once said to an accused person " the very fact of being in the dock is evidence against you," and it must have disturbed his shade - if judges have shades-when Mr. Panton said to the directors of the Mercantile Bank the other day, "There is no evidence whatever against you." The very fact of being in the dock was not accepted as evidenoe in their case, and probably His Honor Judge ! Williams did not expect that his extraordiu- I avy saying would crop up many a long year after he had ceased to visit the glimpses of the moon. Whether Mr. MacDonald, J P., deserves applause or the other article for holding out against a benoh full of magis« terial colleagues in the Mercantile Bauk case is a fiueation that time will have to decide. I like to see a J or any other P cock taking the merciful side, whether tho accused person is a Nabob or a knife* grinder, for if tho best of ua had hia faults printed on his forehead he would wear a slouched hat, and I daresay if the truth were known Mr. MaoDonalu never built a free kirk in hia life. It may be true, aa the Solioitor-Ueneral said, that if the Bank directora had been poor men Mr, Panton and hia matea would not have bean so ready to acquit thorn, but, nevertheless, when one aeea a peruon who haa been the Speaker in a Legislative Assembly Bhivering in the dock, his heart softens if there is auy pity in him, and a man without pity ought to live in Dahomey amongst the cannibals. The foaail remains found iu Now South Wales the other week go far to prove that marsupial auiinals in Australia have degen erated since the early geological periods, Tho remains thus found are chiefly those of kangaroo, wombats, and a gigantio bird, neither emu nor moa, although somewhat allied to eaoh, hut the wombat was as big as an elephant of the present period, the kangaroo larger than au African giraffe, and tho huge bird estimating its size from its stride ought to stand 22 feet high. There are or used to be a plethora of wombats at Tilloy's Swamp, near Kingston, and they annoyed Mr, Gall, honest man, greatly by damaging his wiro netting j but if one of their ancestors, an elephantine wombat of the pre-tortiary period was to present itself in tho barley paddock, it would give the llingstonera a surprise. In all the other continents of the globe the early marsupials merged into other animals, but in Aus tralia they have remained in utatu quo as tho lawyers say, How i6 that to be accounted for ? and there eeema to have been no car nivora amongst them aa in " the old world " to check their increase. Some people fanoied that New Holland was a recent upheaval from the soa, and the apparent freahneaa of marine sheila found at Ivalangadoo and othsr plaoea holped to con firm tho opinion; but the fossils in question show that the groat island ia very old. Others contend that the Australian abori ginies had an Adam and an live of their own, for there is no proof that tho island was ever oonncotcd with Asia bv land, and if it wao. Burely some of the Asiatic animals would have found their way from Asia. It ia passing sfcrau^o that the uafctves of Tasmania vvure ot the African negro type. It ia utterly impos sible-when the frailty of their primitive oanoea is considered-that they oould havo drifted here by aoa and therefore their origin is & myBtery. , , The origin of man ja a hard question any where, and when Dr. Darwin introduced the evolution theory it waa found harder to digest than ever j and the German aaimuJ who said there wore flvo AdamB-a mon golian, Malayan, negro, ft red- skinned, and Circassian-~niay have boon aa near the truth aa Darwin, for there ia a marked distinction in tho auatomioal structure of the mombera of theao races. A recont uuinber of the South Australian Gazelle contained along list o£ evictions, that is, lnuda forfeited for non-paymont of rent, whioh in a year of depression like the pre sent one doea cry loudly for tho forbearance of our rulers. The men whoso allotments wore bo forfaited were all in the ranks of the un employed, aud payment of rent was in their oaae impossible at present, and with tho prioo of farm produce at its now low rato their allotments could not aid them. Qata at la. 8d. & bushel will aoarcoly pay for seed, and wool at fld. & pound leaves no margin for tho email grower without the rent if he jjives hia children a Buffloient quantity of We hoard a groat deal lately about the cruelty of ovictiona in Ireland and tho Ialo of Skye, but it seems that our sapient legisla tors arc aa hard taak masters when they havo power ua Glftnrioftrdo iu Kriu or Gudfroy MaoDonald, in Armadale Castlo. Iu seaaonB of depression tho Skyo crofter I has resources which the Australian farmer has not. Ho can on any oeoaaion when the weather permits got into his boat and sccuro a load of the finest nab in the sea-tubot, halibut, and cod aud although there is, or used to be, no market for thcin in fekye, they will Uoep his children from starving, but in a year of depression tho Australian oroftor haa wo resourco. It is Hobson's choice with him work or tho poor house-and it ia remark able that tho state that pounces so uiuiorenjoniQUBjy on tho amall fry of ita tenantry is heavily in ar^oar of rent itself, and if Moses, tho niouoy-leiidor iu Loudon, was to mete to it as harshly as it measures to ita eroftera it would be ovicted itself. Sir Samuel Wilson has atopped tho pittance ho was in the habit of giving to tho Australian hospitals because hia wool fell a peuuy or ao in tho pouud. Ho draws yearly considerably more than £50,000 from the peoplo'a land in Australia, and spends it all in Loudon, and because Linton did not coino to tho staple last year ho retaliates on the halt and tho blind, and, nevertheless, expects to bo Lord Eroildouno next year. May liifi ahftdow never grow leaa than himself. At one time thore were border duea exacted in Scotland, and all spirits that crossed tho " Highland Lino " were charged 4s. (id. par gallon, until a cuto distiller in Inverness named Fiulayaon, who had a punchcon of whisky seized for orossing, raised an action against the Commissioners of Excise, and got a, thousand pounds of damages, becauso the placo where hia whisky waa seized waa not on tho Highland J>iije. What a pity it is that no cute person in J^ap'aooorte takes a leaf from FinlavBon'a book. Much about tho same tinio a lmlf-ponny toll was oxacted from all peraoua who crossed the old atone bridgo at Inverness, until one day a Loohaber man presented himself with hie black thorn under his arm, and essayed to cross without paying the bawbee, whereupon the brjdgeifyan inter posed his oudgel, but Loohiel was too quick for him, and having parried the blow, gave a bullet, and jions aainarum turned up his tooa, and lay with his back to the field and hia feet to the foe. Loohaber was in* dieted for manslaughter, but the Lord Ordi nary decided tjjaji the Burgh Council had no legal right to exaot a toll as tb&y; tjid not ereot the bridge, and as the bridgeman wag the aggressor) the Loohaber man acted in aoU-defenoe. Chat fight was called tho " battle of tha bridge," fought for a bawbee, but it decided an important question on the subject of tolls or border due#. Ihere is nothing eo degrades a people aa having unnatural and vexatious prohibitions imposed on them, and they muat be in a state of semi-aertdom when they submit to them, and when Mr. Labouohere said that the South Australian and Victorian border restrictions are a disgrace to colonial legiala* tion, he spoke within the mark. "Put a beggar on horseback," aavs an adage, "and he will ride to Hong Kong," and so it is with some legislators who are smooth enough at election time, but when they get beyond tho restraint of the ballot box they strive to iinmctaf^ those who made them. What could be mora impolitic thtn throwing up barriers between people of the same nationality whose interests are iden tical ? What more mean and subterfuge thau trying to bolster up ono colony at the ex penso of another ? In the United States of America such international restrictions would not be tolerated for a day, and now when oven in Germany, where tho people havo been ac oustomed to a good deal of oppression, they are beginning to kick against it, saying to their Kmneror, "Stop! tor tho next feather may break tho camel's back ;" the Australian legislators ought to pause before thoy in. agurate a now Bunker's Hill. When the Stamp Act was imposed on the Americftus by an obstinate king, farmer Bunker was almost unknown j but when the king persisted in forcing his Act ou the colonists, the " Hill" began to loom in the foreground, and Australia, j« 50 yquqg we fenow nob what a day or ao hour m»y Meg forth, it Is iu labour ^ present, aua more likely to bring forth a mammoth than a mouse. Mr. Patterson, the Victorian Premier, eeemB at a loss what to do with his country sohoolu, and is inclined to put them on half time. One of the errors his educa* tional department committed was requiring country teaohers, who were to instruct ohildreu into the mysteries of A B C, to pass an examination that would floor a Supreme Court judge. Any respeotable old person possessed of some eduoatiou and resident near the sohool could teach the ohildreu all that is required, and auoh person could fro ouently ba had for a very email salary, and if he or she did not know what kind of shadow a flat body would throw on the moon, it would make little difference, for the question is more fit for Mr. Ellery, tbo Government astronomer, than for a hedge schoolmaster, aud if ho were takon ou the hop I am not certain that ho could anawor it. Hugh Miller has told us that an old woman in Cromarty, who had but little education herself, was the beat instructor of ohildreu so far as reading aud writing went, that he over knewj ana I myself know a teacher in Victoria who was plucked three times, and then sacked for being pluckod, and nevertheless that +eaoher was the most successful instructor of children that ever wielded a taweo in that sohool, and so, for the present, ends my sermon without a text. NOTABLES. I am perhaps the only person living who haa conversed with a soldier who fought in the Highland army at Culloden. That was in 1826, and the graves on the battle field wero then as green as if they had been newly made. I conversed with Captain Parry, of the Fury, the Arotio voyager, and accom panied him from Inverness to the race course 8QH1C three or four miles distant, where we saw Alexander Ronaldaon MaoDonuell, of Glengarry, the last of the feudal ohiefs who wore a Bteel helmet and had a huge claymore dangling at his side, I was intimate with Tvvistleton Foynea-pronounced Finos-who then held the shootings of Glen Urquhart, and was a mere lad, and X think the prettiest youth I ever saw. When he died several years ago he was called in the uewapapor obituaries the aged and venerable Lord baye. The years that made him aged and venerable have not molested me much, for I oun now walk on foot thirty miles in a day without distressing myself, but in my hot youth, when George the Third waa King, I could travel sixty, But out upon Time that for ever will leave just enough of the past for the future to grieve. Out upon Timo that will leave no more of the things to come than the things before, Captain Barclay, of Ury, walked ono hundred miloa, from tho Cross of Aberdeen to the Clachnacudcn, in Inverness, in a day for a heavy bet, and ho was well watched over tho ground j but that has been surpassed by Thomson, an English pedoatrian, who walked five hundred miloa m six consecutive days. SPIRITISM, Superstition haa ofton received aid from ooinouleuoe, and haphazard conjeoturea have helped to keep it afloat. In my young days there was a reputed witoh in Cromarty, a poor old half demented oritur© who would nave been a sorry apostle for tho prince of darkness, so aorry indeed that any ouo aoeiug thain together might have exolaimed, "Oh, Lucirer 1 how hast thou fallen ?" She was known as Vownyard, and, having an alterca tion with a fisherman on one oooaaion, turned to one of hia mates saying, " Dinna yo sit beeide Jamie Hosaack next voyagot for ho'll uo come baok at onyrato." Hoasack was ac cidentally drowned that voyage while sail trimuiiug, and Vownyard'e reputation firmly established, All her misses were lost sight of, but the one ohanoo true bullet told. There waa a fortune toller in Inverness named Miss Hay, who had a great reputation ruid made some very good ohauce shots, On ono oooaaion a lady who did not beliove in witchoraft or fortune tolling wont to her "just for the fun of tho thing" to consult about some silver spoous that had been thon recently stolen ; and Mies Hay soon ferreted from her interrogator that a servant girl was suspected, " Gae hame,"aho said, " and try the syvor (aewer). Ye'll may bo find the speens there." Tho lady returned, and finding them there beoame a convert to superstition, King Jamso, on the eve of hia doparture for fatal Flodden, saw a ghost which gave him a good many very good advices, and urged him twice not to " foregather with strange women," Tho word "foregather," which means to asaooiate, is frequently fouud in his Queou'a letters, but seldom ououva anywhere else, Louis Napoleon onoe disguised himself as well aa he could, and going to a fortune teller in France asked if ho know him, The imposter looked at him very hard and said '.No; but the oraolo in my desk does. I will consult him." He opened his desk, studied a book of portraits, and soon told Louis who ho waa, and Louis also became a convert, Tho seer who cautioned Ctesar to bowaro of tho Idea of March was evidently a Nihilist somewhat beholden to the King and partly inclined to savo him, Wo find him throwing himself in Cioaar'a way, as if wait* ing for him, on tho very day of assassination -dreading the Socialists, and yet anxious to savo their viotim. What could bo plainer than his meaning, even in tho eleventh hour, for when Ciwrnr said jeerjugly, "The Ides of March have como!" " Yea I" replied tiio Socialist, "but they have not onded." lie was in tho plot plain enough, When tho black spectre-the ovu genius of Brutus-told him that they would meet again at i'hilipii, tho apparition was merely the goniuu of a troubled dream, a. brain siuk fancy conjured up by a waking reality, fcr ho had long dreaded that his passage thero would bo opposed by a formidable concen tration of hostile forces. Tho woir<l siatera who met MaoBeth on tho blasted heath at Forres, met him in slumber, and only told him what had long rankled in his own mind j and whon Prince Charlie dreamed at Inver ness that Cullodeu would bo lo3t, he only dreamed what ho dreaded, and what auy candid Boldier could have told him. Ho had destroyed tho etiicieucy of hie troops by giving them muskets and bayonets in place of claymores, and tho daal)ing'and irresistible impetuosity which had formerly carried everything before them was sadly impaired by the change. His wild and impetuous host could not brook the restraints and alow movements of modern warfare; and it was exceedingly silly to give them a gun they could not use for tho claymoro they could use so well. Tho MaoLeans of Locli Buie tho bravest of tho brave-laughed outright when the guns were offered, and their chief, turning to the Prince, aaid ominously; " Victory will follow tho olaymore by loch or laud, and hence their motto, " Per marc, per tcrram." The grim old hero fell on Cullodon with his back to the field and his feet to the foe. When the Bishop of Glasgow on his death«bed heard a yoioa exo)ai% pod now demands your spirit," the ohroniolo tells ws that many others in the room heard it also, whioh means that they thought tlioy heard it. The Bishop heard it plainly enough, for the sense of hearing waa so disordered that ho could hear a thought as loud as his uhuroh bell, and see a hand they could not see that beokonod him away; gna when ho told them about tho voioa tney wevo sq flurjM th^ they fancied they heard it alao. Sir Benjamin Brodie tolls ua of a man iu delirium tremens whose nerves were so vitiated that he oould Ktar the thoughts of tljose around him, and Sir James Clark mentions the ease oi $ yoijng lady-a Bleep, walker-who carefully and oorrtctly wrote a letter in slumber with ft sheet of iron held between her face and the paper. I have seen a juggler in India imposing on the three senses of eight, sound, and touoh at one and the same time. Spiritualism and prediction to my mind are idle dreams, There are ia the United States 82 societies pledged to advocate the claims of cremation. The liabilities of the Kngliah banks are £Qh1,000,000, agaluat <£35,000,0(10 ia gold, about Per wnt" '^ho liabilities of Vic torian Units are .£40,001),ftoO, agaW Qyey £8,000,000 ia gold, or about 21 per oent. One of the largest atoned ia tbo Pyramids is estimated to weigh not less thaa 88 tons, yet all the stones were laid without mortal, so close that a penknife cannot be inserted botween them. The export of wheat from India daring the period from the beginning of April, 1802, to the end of February, 1608, amounted to 726,000 tone, being half tiie quantity es. portud during 11 months of the preceding 12 moaths. The German Government has placed 80,000 marks at the disposal of the Olden bury Agricultural Sooiety, In order that a number of the famous Qldenberg carriage horses may bo sent to the Chicago Exhibt. tion. This breed oJ horses has a great reputation ia Germany, and they are all registered it) an official 8fu4 book, which is fcopt by the authorities of the Grand Puohy Q! OldQAVuj^ 