SPORT AND PLAY. BT " Oltmi'UK." Amongst the " Cricket Jottings " in the Melbourne Sportsman of 23st March was the following paragraph" From Tasmania conies the noivs that relations are very much strained between the baunceston and Tamar clubs. On the second day of the match between these clubs the Launcestoa wanted to play a couple of substitutes for the Savigney Brothers, who were called to Melbourne by the death of their mother. The request was refused, and the Launceston forfeited, avid now state that they will not meet the Tamar again this season." Commenting on that paragraph in tlie following issue of Pdnch, ! remarked :—" It almost looks as if the Old Toiib of Cricket was fading away when we find such paltry tactics descended to on the cricket field. From the above it would seem as if tho members of the Taraar eleven believe in the advice—" Win a match ! Honourably if you. But at all hazards win it.' " Under date *' Launceston, 27th March, Mr. Alf. J. Douglas, the Iiod. sectretary of the Tamar Cricket Club, writes me as follows;— " Dear Sir,—As you hav evidently lieen entirely misinformed as to tho particulars of the recent dispute between the Tamar and Launceston Cricket Clubs, I will lay the whole facts of the case before you, commencing from the . iuiiing. In the first match played by the Tamar CJub this season, I (Douglas) made S9 (Hot out) out of a total of 114, Prenter, another member of the Tamar Club, making 2 in the match. The next match we played was 'gainst the Launceston, when I (for tho first time anco the formation of the Tamar Club) was absent jn the first day, owing to a bereavement, whilst «enter was also away through a business engagelent. On Sidebottom,the 'i'amarcaptnin, asking _ , the captain of the Launceston, for two ihstitutes to field for us, Bailey said, " I will lbw you a substitute for Prenter, but not for Jouglas.' Sidebottom said: ' By the rules of ticket, you are perfectly justified in refusing J allow us a substitute to field for Douglas, «t m that case I decline to accept one-for Prenter, neither will I allow you any similar concession this Reason,' and accordingly played tho match with two juniors. With regard to the last ill itch it was on the first day of the match, aud not the second (as stated by you),that the Launoeston captain asked fobe allowedtoleliTsubstl tutes for the Savipiey Brothers, who had left, tho coloo y four days before the commencement of the match, which request Sidebottom imuudiatelv refused, and instead of playing juniors as we did, Unite? fielded with nine uien, reserving places for the Savigneys. Tin Tamarinade 294 runs. Mrs. Savigney died on the following Tuesday, but no application for a postponement of the in^tch was ma(ie to us lil1 ,ll e Thursday evening, when there e *' ,ir y ""'lotion of rain next day, and conse- ®l uent V a bad wicket, therefore we refused to l'^'P^ne the match, although we would uudoubtud l - v ave aci ! u 'eseed had the application been !Uacie at onc e Ti)at was tho rejs0j - the Iiaunc.eston Club forfeited, because the Tamar refused to ' 10ii P onft a match to suit two players who had iliKen n o '^tttal part in the game. aud. were jv.-t ,5Vftn even i in n IVwmania, Tasmania. So much for the'win, ' tie or wra n B ,e ' business." To a certain extent (to wit, "second" day instead of "first") ] must therefore stand corrected. But M r. Douglas plainly infers that had Prenter made the Sit (not out) in the first match, and he (Douglas) only 2, Bailey (the Laivicastmi captain) would have allowed a substitute for Ttouglas, but not for Prenter. Even granting that, Two Wrongs do not make One Right. My strictures were upou the Old Tone of Cricket fading away, and Mr. Douglas' " justification" (as he himself terms it) only accentuates the fact that in Cricket nowadays there, is far toa much of the doctliutt advanced by Shylock when he wound «P "is reasons for re.veng " iniquity g ) hard that is Cricket should bo played. Thkre are just a couple more points in Mr. Douglas' epistle on which to toucn prior to strenuously advising the Launc iston and Tawnr boys to " shake and be friuads." Tho first is, in another portion of his letter he says-" 1 am perfoctly certain you do uot know Mr. Sidebottom. either person^llv or by reputation, or you would never accuse him of trying to win a match by any manne^rii^whfchThonoimWr'To'wr me out in this Ishould very much like YOU to ask xtsassrar.rwss 1 must decidedly protest against 31 r. Douglas dragging Mr. Sidcbottom's nirne into the matter. I wrote of the "Taumr Eleven," of whom the captain—Mr. Sidebottom-(who^e name I did not -on Mr. Doughs' own allowing-of ; a lvoland for an Oliver. In the second place, Mr. Douglas remarks: "Concerning the club generallv, perhaps it inav interest you to know that during ilia visit of the Victorian team to T.aunceston the only club whicli entertained them was the much- maligned (by writers who know nothing of what thev write) Tamar Cricket Club, who chartered 'buses at the L'xpeuse of the members (for ,:lubs here have no large incoinos), and drove them to Cressy, and there gave a concert in their honour. Again, the Tamar Olub is the only senior team which will deign to meet the Hawthorn Club, which is about to visit Tasmania." Well, even it such were the case (and 1 am perfectly satisfied Mr. Douglas would not make such an assertion without it being correct), there doubt tho apparent neglect of intercolonial "obligations" on the part of the Launceston Cricket Club is open to some sort of explanation —if not justification. However, we are not going to fall out with theui over such a frivolous little matter as that. If they were remiss, the kind attentions of tho Tamar Club people were all the moru acceptable. And that's just where the "'bole thing lies in a nutshell. It's an awful P't.V that it. should be so ; but it is so the wide wo,Jd over—Human Nature is ofttimes Human IDnature. As how ? Thuswise:— Wc have Kind Thought for the Stranger, And a Smile for the Sometime Guest; But oft for Our Own the Bitter Tone Though Our Own Should He the Best. And now, having thrown that beautiful sentiment oil iny chest, and declated my intention of evermore treating Bailey as a common cabman (vutgn. " nickel larvey''yshould lie persist "Vn bearding the n™ lion i in his den, tl,., the Douglas ;„ in I,:, his hall," I, " Olympus' is"(bvtbe gods I), straightway call upou both Launceston and Tamar to drop this Montagu and Capulet business, engage once more in friendly rivalry, and each determine to actinore in accord - with - the principles of Chaucer's Knight, of whom the poet wrote— " A Knyghte there was, and that a goodlie uianne, Who from the tyuio that when he first beganue To ryden forthe he loved chivahie, TroutVi and honour, freedome and courtesie." FBAMt l^VEH must have had a Premonition (or sometliing of that sort) when he decided to throw in his lot with the East Melhourne voya. gears oil their trip to the West rather than play against the West Aust-ralinns in tin Intercolonial Match. Playing against Hamilton on Monday he scored 4-0 out of the East Melbourne total of 10S (George Rippon the younger capturing six wickets for 40) ,- and when Hamilton went- in to bat he scalped the whole blessed lot of them himself, with nary the semblance of even an "assist" for 15 runs, the Hamilton total reaching 33—of which George liippon compiled 13 (not out) and Keynolds 10. In the second innings Laver took eight wickets for IS | East Melbourne winning by 102 runs. Wjem., lie West Australian hoys came over expecting a Treat, and they got it. Got it to the extent of a Dressing Down in One Innings with 243 runs to spire. And vet they were Far Krom Disgraced—very far, indeed. Collectively, they hawTlot to learn" M^CriSutM^! can venture to play Victoria on anything likl equal terras-, hut Individually, it strikes me, there are two or three of them that would occupy a foremost place amongst the best talent in the Queen Colony of t.ho South, 'l'hoir great, sheet-anchor is undoubtedly Mr. P D North who played an ail-round game that gamed tor' him much commendation from mouths of wisest censure in cricket circles. As a fieldsman he was extremely brilliant; as a bowler he proved himself the right man in tho right place iu a case of emergency, coming out with the best average on his side, whilst as a batsman his innings of 77 was ke batting ieature of the match. Kor lie played Perfect Cricket for his runs (albeit he hit ten " fourers ") until he plaved a bill back to Jack Carlton which that worthy took all sorts of good care to snare) on sight. In the first innings he was particularly un (ordinate, being stupidly run out by H-indall through being called for a next to impossible second run. Asothek oi the visitors who delighted lue immensely was the Randall jnst mentioned. His was undoubtedly a very costly erro •or of judgment when he ian North out; hut his fi«: Iding at. longoff was a treat to witness, . b:s — alerti tiiea in fielding the ball and dexterity itt returning it to the wicket being as fin<! an exhibition as one would expect from Billy liruce, Jack Worrell, Alick Hannerinan or Syd. Giegory at their best. Oh, he is a Daisy, and m mistake about it! Hoftjicu tVrr.uov tlin H-ipiir-t-lrumuw <,f («» kneecap prevented him playing for his side in South Ausiralia, and Mcotmted for no less than 45 bves during the first innings ol the Victorians. On Monday, however, when he felt a little stronger on the injured limb, be batted with much freed mi, and "is evident) v a piaver susceptible of much improvement, but withal likely to develop into an excellent wicket-keeper and batsman , , c dfd fheTof) hm-'^u ^ ° f < ^ ' the 1 Id !, y °5 fer^i^-SBSe? had won tile toss; but, for all that, 1 a in very firm in tlie faith tb-.t „ , U> U,th llC d ' d tile Cl reCt lb,n such a wicket, and the only reason " that such wasn't proved to demonstration was because the West Australian" 1)ow!liug was Simply Rubbish, tr.-acheroas-oue-^niiipire-i lessio assuring t)l,lt om. ,;6ys u,rtuki not be aWe t0 m=,e a thereon had they two such bowlers "f lio h ,f " od , H«glicy Crumble against t h T', ! H'f C1)t tbe m snorter „ the consequence being that Jack "^'.f'-'I' 4 .. 1,00t ' ,n » r , them ,ouud t0 i square-leg £ * . li ° U ' e, ' S f • <1U1 ? 1 mo " oton » ui -, . J ^ W Ml ! ' bo »"' L1 Piotessional played a " slashing if'iT/ 01 ' 1U; ^ Ije cau thank his lucky stars ^ih^T?.^ 6""!"^ atUlck of illness, or lie can take it from me that be would have yielded up the. ghost when he cocked that ball up in the slips at 51. Poor Batenian was sadly haudicapped right through ; in fact, he was so bad on Tuesday that he could not go in to bat. Taking them all round, the West Australians are as decern a sat of young fellows as you would meet with in the course of a long day's walk,and 1 iUU right glad to Jearu from tliem that, despite the depressing effects of their initial match in Victoria,they have enjoyed themselves imm ensely, ilu(! Hre 1 ully satisfied that they will make a bettor fight of it ere they depart, and as soon as they get over the disabilities of playing on turf tlieir wickets out West being mattin; Gkelonq aud South Melbourne had a kind of "preliminary canter" at football on Easter Monday at. South Melbourne, when the form dis- played on both sides gave promise of their being important factors in the decision of the coming year's premiership. Peter Burns, who has been hard at gr .ittraining for aquatic honours,played the game of the forty, towering head and shoulders over allthe others. The game resulted iu a wjn for Gotfloiig by r> goals 3 behinds to Mc1Wb«'b 4 goals 8 bchinds; the goal kickers ^ ^ being—for beelong—Joe beelong-Joe M'Shaue (2), , , ' "n!" 0 " K L e, ' ett; l0t ? 0U J, h ^ !^uvua ~ ^f' 50 ; ...... . „ ",. , ... x ' ld * her « 3 " D0 ,ier °f. tb f « ,ke hane to 5. for Ueelong, the latest edition of the " grand old man being H. of the nk, and a Little Bit of a Rover, just a "weenie bit," as they say in Ireland. Am,, writing about Football reminds me that there have been some Home Truths delivered lately at annuql meetings, and so forth; but for h genuine "homer" commend me to that special article in last Monday's Age (by " Follower," of the Leader), entitled "Professionalism in Foothall." It is, without doubt, the strongest tirade against the evils which have developed themselves in latter-day football that could possibly bo penned; and all the stronger because it is true in every particular. Listeu to this little extract from the -''tide I am dealing with :—" Everybody who knows anything knows that payment of players, although distiuetly forbidden by the ru.es of the association, is in various ways carried on wholesale, in some cases directly and in others indirectly, and my contention has always been that this reprehensible state of affairs, whici. covers a gigantic, system of Hypocrisy and Humbug, should he reformed. The task, however, is not an easy one to cope with, as those eiUliufiasts Who have at various times taken it in hnnd. hive been compelled In ndn fact In". there wTuTilW^"^ is nothing to he •If n matter r.f of livelihood or fortes m f^n ^ iin' it be donelion or, b y^a ^ but «•••' contempt - • can '" ra be felt ior the t.liou«li fellow naught wh, cupidity induces him to accept niL jtoi a price iur his toi-vices, which his vanity would compel him to decline opanlv. As a body there is no class of men in the world who enjoy the confidence of their social superiors move' completely than professional cricketers who openlv make the gatne of cricket their business, n'nd yet play it with at least as much zest aud enthusiasm as the amateurs, and with whom it is merely a recreation. Why a similar order of thing's rouid not obtain in connection with fojtl all I have never been able to understand, and 1 am convinced that, if it were brought about less dissatisfaction would exist than at present. The that since the establishment of em-Wed grounds for football in every subiir'. f Melbourne tile le.idins clubs h ive in-iile in..re year than they have anv legitimate oct-'c: W, and devoting their revenues to illegitimate purposes has followed as a natural .jueuce, Tl.eie has bt en plenty of eapita) w ith wjiieh to s-enire capab'e payers, and a? tile , diet of (lie association forbids open jiayment the purrejit itii.us use.of 'pnlm oil' has grown aud spread over the whoiu football coiiiDuuity."' Now that is Pretty J!oug!i, is it not > lint !io«- is this for High r—••• If it i.o ndmiited—and 1 think it can scarcely bo honestly denie.!- that payment of pkvers cannot be Ft.-Tjred bv !e..i, r - \- . J e to professional cnckct Ihers. P ro!t 'ss:onalisui woul.l injure the Same.so Jar as straight goi-: : v,ni t " n t0 fi ' J' 'bat the man ncorne.1. I was honest en^K 1 : 'to say out boldl. I intend to p!av as a paid pro:es.-io:iai,' - w ' be less likelv , . — ' crook, ' d ' ^vin the humbug who would thump his right fist on the council table in <tcnuncmtion of payment and at tl i eft l«cV> d l °5 ped int01,is ' iUilin !? Id hi ihe eilin to be These be hitler "ZiZZZL**,^*. will be rowed over the Cli.-tiiipioiishin Course (from the mouth of the Yarra to the .Ship Inn at Footscray—adn-tanco of about miles :i.<u var.it.1 cn Saturday afleniooj, and 1 f iii:y the' Mu.'- bouhne 1-ids will score another victory fur ]!. S. Fuller's handicraft. Tim f •Ihiwin^aiv'tiienami-s. portions and weight "f the viiriou-i civws : •- SVDKtV l'xIVi:CK11\\. F. Moors (bow) W. J. Ooy.le (2i . C. .1. Russell (3) . H. G. Bennetts (1) li. Sawyer (r,) N. U. 1,'owlans (li). U. '.'ox (7) ... . 0\. H. Helsham (5tr ko) WMjgall (cox.) .iverage weight ADKI.AIUK UX!VKI;sitv. Rt. lb. ft. lb J, 12. H. Winnall (bow) ... 1.1 li (t. H. Br.iv (2) ... lo : H. A. Puwell (;t) ... 11 ]r D. L. Doolottc (41... ... 12 : C. It. Penny (5) ' ... 12 I A. 1'. Cox <<j>;.. ... ... 11 ii W . P. Woolridge (7) m : W . H. Baylv (stroke) ... n E. <J. S. Little (cox.)' Average weight of crew . i i M KtUOL'It.VK Lf.VI V KUSITV. C. B. Ifetallack (how) 'J'. Crosthwaite (21 )?. F. Cilchrist Cl) W. B. Xeale (4! ... U. C. Jlorrisou (5) F. S. Lowe (6) . . H.Irving (7) A. II. Morrison (stroke) (1. ti. Galbraith (cox.) Average weight of crow 11 It 11 in Whi;n the news was (lashed throughout the world by cable . that a cyclist, named ,1. S. _..„,,„,, Johnson, at independence, in America, had Yiddi^^VnTle in lmin. .Ill} sec., cyclists "eat back" with amazement, and the owners of celebrated trotters nad a lot to ray a bout it. This record, however, was not accepted .. by the .. American authorities, ,lDd "? ^'^rence to it &,rn„ys. of 20th Ji-.nuary, remarked ,, It is averted by a man who claims to 1;,,ow t . hat tho American Tr.v.,iog Af.sociation, at a meet,.ig to be held on tSr.i March, will take some actiou by which certain peoplo who were connected with Johnson's l.otimiieat Jndepeudence will be ' warned off all Association trucks.* It is ^x J bm ' £ " ma D " a ' u " d . at Iffi'Tt aHidavits claiming ^ T' 0 tcs un<J /" , ml ° «bc world belongs ' - ' " ,nalu - " h» traversed the aistance in a sl l '" Jl,1 8' start, Acoohwnu to the American Jft;;Viw t lie J. ,s. Johnson referred to iu the preceding paragraph, together with T. W. Kck and William A. lioads (<rhat a splendid name for a cyclist!), three of the fastest riders in America, are about to visit Australia to compete in the cash prizes. The editor of that paper commends these gentlemen to the attention of the American wheel authorities, m:d upon the Racing Board to act the moment the men set foot on the boat bound for Australia. 