THE RAVEN INN. (From the Detroit Free Press. "~ ? CHAPTER VT. y..? If by chance "k belated traveller had s / found himself ni that quarter nf the Seat h fx nearest to th'e great forest of Fpping he , could not fail to have seen, standing as it _ did on rising ground sud but a short \- distance from the high-read, the. Raven Inn, each of its tiny windows shooting forth a faa of golden-jrrey light into the . blackness without. Entering the door he would have found one end of the long, low room filled with a score of men seated ." in their usual places around the tables, all of them seeming to roar their orders at once to the low-browed keeper of the \- place, or bawling snatches of rough sunga -". et the top of their voices in one tgraiid difc rd. ' The room was given up to comfort and ? good cheer. Seated in a great chair, with '-. his legs stretched out before him in an \- attitude bf abandoned ease, his head thrown back till it rested on the top of the chair, and a tankard of lqaor at hi« . elbow, was Bulatrode, enjoying the fire . and tba song, but most of all the inaction of the night. Near to him sat Vickers, the old scowl on bis face, hts arms folded v and slouch hat drawn over his eyes, the very picture of a heavy villain on a vary small stage. He neither drsnk nor smoked, the cynical view he took of men and mattera his only enjoyment, and he : paid no more attention to the uproar ;l around him than did the kettle on the / hearth. The rest of the- pirty were : clustered around these two, drinking, smoking, laughing at the rough stories that were befog told, and singing without ; a thought of impending disaster crossing \- their minds. Tiley were all engaged in passing the time in conviviali y, which was not tempered by caution. * 1 say. Vickers, area't you afraid of hurling yourself wi h laughing ? Be cautious, for Heaven's sake, mau. Have a regard for yourself-and us,' shouted a young man from the centre of \- ;""-a group of men even more noisy than the A-rest* - . .. ' ?.. * What do you mean ¥ asked 'Vickers, in his growling, guttural tones. y 'Mean 1' atid the other. 'Mean I . You step over here and , have a look at yöursslf aa you sit in the chair. You're positively dangerously hilarious.' * I am cleverer with my bauds than my tongue,' Vickers answered when the laugh at his expense had'subsided. ' My enjoyment ia in work, not drinking.' * Bravo, Vickers,' shouted another ; 'and I say. if it is any accommodation to you I will give you my share of work, and I will undertake to do your share of the drinking, on my honor I wilL' ' A good job for us all,* retorted Vickers, 'if you would confine yourself to drinking. You do it better than any- thing else I saw you turn your, hand to. You face a tankard much braver than you a traveller.' ' The young man was on his feet in an .nstant, hts face red with anger and wine. * By God, Vickers.' he said, ' I'm fright- ened of neither tankard nor traveller no, nor of you. If you dare to step out here like à man, by heavens I will--' Bulstrode slowly arose from His chair, and, pointing to the young man, said, in a decided tone- . - . ' You, sir, sit down. cNo one is going to fight with yu. Learn to take tit for tat in this company without crying. You fltre up like a stable-boy when a 'prentice i makes faces at kim. Sit down, I say.' Turning to another of the company he added: ' Jack, give us our old son?, and, boys, lift the chorus till it cracks its head against the rafters.' At this there was a loud cry of applause, and three or four of the group laid hold of the young man addressed, and ' hoisted him to a table..where ha,.tankard in hand, and not at all ill pleased to find himself in, such a commanding position for ths rendering of his song,: burst out . with the song, that was peculiarly his .-. own.- . . ' - ' -'.t- " - TH£ ffiGH WAYMAifL Sow I he right winda blow Anti owls in graveyard sing-, Ell the.sh.ni ojcks craw; We're np and OD the wing'. . By the King's highway, ' : . the lonely bodies ewiny; ¿ . . Bat «bateare the? Or we. ao drink and sing ^. Yo ho I Yo hoi.To ho! 'ibo* the night winds blow. Ard each lady-love looks anxious and pale, \- We di jnk to tie storm and laugh at the cale, Yoho! ? The coach its whirling way We halt! A«soft alight. The ladies fair and gay, '.< The ladies yoong aad bright. . And sparkling eyes shall glicce V In love, while gallants fret, . on the green we dance ? The stately minuet Yoho! roho! Yoho! _v " May the soft wind blow. Hay UM moon shine sweet on the fury scene, . Aa we dance, with the fair on the lonely 'treen, \- - Yoho». The price upon our head ~ . Site light as lady's hand ; ' - Some day msy find us dead. Bat now'tis " Halt and wand !" \- - . Our hands though strang to take. Are never tight to hold; \- .inda* the morrow's brea*, -, .We'll dink the shintos gold Yoho! Yoho! Yoho If: v - Tho' the night winds blow, ? - And each lady-love looks anxious and pale. \- We drink to the storm and laagh.at the gale. '->_ - Yoho! When the chorus- of the last verse was r iu full swing, Bulstrode, who had been enjoying the music rather than assisting in the rendering of it, suddenly started to his feet. Instantly there was silence in the rwm, and all faces were turned \- inquiringly to. him aa he stood, hts ey* s fixed, month slightly open, and hand . raised in a way that demanded absolute silence, the picture of a man intently listening. For some moments he stood \- thus, not a mufcle moving, while hu \- comrades sat aa silent aa he. At last his eyes, still retaining their absent look, dropped to the upturned faces btfore bim, and wandered over each individual . they met with until they rested on -Vickers. That gentleman, his arms, as .usual, folded,, and looking as if be had not moved all the evening, seemed to . know, although he had never once taken his eye" c ff hts boots, that hts chief was gazing inquiringly at him, and he s»id, ' wrh apparent unconcern : 'two shots;I think." "You heard the shot V inquired Bul- strode, eagerly. * Two shots,' was the answer. * What are 'you talking about, Bul \ s'rode ? What have you and Vickers heard that you st »nd staring as though you had seen a ghost V inquired on« of the group 'Not so loud-with your demands,' answered, the addressed. 'The fact is, I thought I heard ar shot fired, but you were making such a row that I can't say for certain what it wa«. Ic sounded to me like a shot ' -'Two,'broke in Vickers laconically. ' Two, do you. think 1* asked Bulstrode. 41 only heard one/ .'I heard 'two,' continued Vickers, without changing- his position, although by this time most of his companions were on their.feet. 'They were fired almost ' simultaneously, but not quite. Two shots ' .It ?s a very strange occurrence,' said Bu!strode. speaking more to himself thin co his friends who crowded around. ' None of our. men are abroad to- night, are they ? No, I thought not. I cannot . make it out at all.' * Some poor devil7lost¡-his way, and asks to be found,' suggested one.. He \- must be a cool hand, for pistol firing on a common pf the reputation thb now enjoys ia not likely tb bring any ovér-honest man .. to his rescue, at such a time of niaht' '* Lost travellers do not fire 'two pistols \- at the sams moment,1 sneered Vicker*. * ¿-'It was rió pistol, nor two pistols, that I' beard. The report «i that of a \- blunderbuss, or I'm a Dutchman,' Bul * {rode safe!. * Two blunderbusses,'grcwled Vickers. ' Well two, if you ^ wiH hare it so. Vickers, ahbougb I beard but one. <But whether one, w two, pr a down, we must better still, two should go together, and bring us word of what ia happening at our. very door. Will joa come with me, Vicker*?' * Not I,' answered Vickers, promptly. 'I am not aach a foul as to leave a comfortable fire, tot to ip^ak of these particularly convivial <>ud agreeable companions, to run, like a village goinip, after every idle report I hear. 80 long as they do not shojt at ute, I tay let them' eh. ot. If it be a lost traveller, I say let him find himself again. It's what Tve had to dc on many a dark night. Let him lind himself just as soon as he likes, and ba banged to him. I didn't a&k; bim to wander, nor do I Tare two straws whether he ia aver found or no. As like as not, he wouldn't be too thankful for our society whan we did hiing him in.' After this, for him, unusually protracted speech. Vickers relapsed ouce more into deep silence. * Lee Abe and me go. Captain,' said ene of the younger me ., spring! g to his feet. ' The night air will do us gubd-particu- larly -vbe.' * It seems to me,' said J*ck Foster, who was son at being thorn of the applause always fotthcoming when he finished his rendering of tba 'Highwayman'-'it see ma to me that yon two have been hearing much mora than ever happened. I heard no report ' Paying no attention to this remark, Bulstrode said to tba two men, who wera now hurrying on their riiiug doaks : - 'Take care how you ride, and sae that you go not too far. Keep eff the high- way as much as you can, and should you discover anything unusual do not interfere one way or the other, but ride to us at your beat spead with the news.' Turning to Vickers, ha added : * The sound cama from the right, soma long distance away, did it not V * It may have come from tba moon, for all I know or care,' Vickers replied. I 'I think you will find the cause of this alarm somewhere in the direction of Thorn ' corner. Ge that way. Keep your ayes and ears open,|do not separata, and return i as soon as you can.' I With these, final instructions from their leader tile two man mounted, and pro ! ceeded warily over the broken ground, I keeping as much in the darkness aa their course would admit, and pushing steadily on for the great thorn that stood some j distance from the * Raven ' Reaching ' that landmark, they stealtnily surveyed the surrounding' country as far as the darkness would allow them to sea, taking care that they fell into no trap or ambush. The Heath contained not a sign of life. Standing back from tha road they peered Iosg and anxiously into the darkness on every aide, their horses, from habit, keep- ing as silent a? statues, but nothing nwt their gsze, nor did the raw night wind bear to their ears even one sound that was ! strange to, them. Satisfied that no un i usual event was ha} pening in that part, j the two horsemen took a sweep across the Heath to the left, pissing un sean «nd unheard within athort distance cf the spot where the blacksmith and his men lay hid under the furze. They crossed the Heath path a few hundred yardi, and, discovering nothing, they beaded for the inn afc a freer pace, after an absence of nearly an hour, to tell that their quest waa vain. 'Well, what hara you discovered?' asked Bulstrode, aa tho two made their appearance at the door. 'Fog,' answered the one called Abs, as he shook the beads of moisture out of his head. 'Nothing bot fog. Not very much of it yet, but more to follow in an hour orso, as I believe.' ' Did' you hear nothing ? ' Bulstrode asked, impatiently. 'Yes, an owl hoot from the church tower,' replied the fellow, in a «low .and aggravating voice. ' Only once or twice he hooted, but I may say that 1 believe there is more of that also to follow.' There was a roar of laughter from the company at Bulstrode'a expense. * We rode as' you directed,' said the lesa facetious of tba two ; * wo explored the whole ground from here, to tha Thorn, and from the Thom to the Hollow path and thence back, but nota sound did wo hear, nor a soul did we ste. The Heath is desertad, that I'll swear.' This information put the company thoroughly at ease again. The laugh was at the expanse* of the leaden, and such a laugh is the most popular any company of men can enjoy. The brzz of conversation soon assumed boisterous proportions. 11 hope yon enjoyed your ride, Aha,' cried .one. ' 'If Bu'alroda ke«p8 on drinking you will con have another echo of his brain to chase. I have to dcubt the sound came from a barral Vickers bas drained to-night ' ' Tico barrels,' shouted another, amid the laughter of arl in the room. 'I don't understand it,' Bulstrode said, shaking his head dubiously. I swear 1 heard a shot-^-' ' Two shota ! ' ytlled the company, as if with one voice ; but Vickers, payin? not the slightest attention to their sceff', sat with his arms still folded, in grand silence. Bulstrode a!so relapsed into silenoe, and for the next half hour the drinking and hilarity waa fast and furious the excitement of the shot having proved but a breathing spell, and added an unusual interest to the evening. Many aonga wera sung, and Jack Foster had once again been hoisted to his position on the table for their favorite aong, when, for the second time that evening, he wai rudely inteirup'ed. At the moment when the two scouts had returned to the inn after theil unsuccessful rid?, Harry Courtenay dropped on his hands and knees tc reconnoitre the position and devise a plan for stealing through the cordon of man he believe 1 to be already, drawn around the ' Raven ' prepared for an attack. Before him he could mike out the forms ol several man standing behind a clump cl bushes, one of them holding a lanthorn, its light streaming on a firelock whicfc a. ccmpanion waa putting in order foi the fray. How many more then might be, and which of tha cluster; of furze held an enemy. Harry hac no means of knowing, but he knen that he must push on; that ever] moment endangered both him and hi> friends. He realised that it was cadnea' to attempt to break through the line ol men which he knew to be before him while by his taking a circular route hi might find an unguarded spot. With al the speed ha could make, having dm regard to eecrecy, he dodged from shadov to shadow. One« when he peered over 1 clump of bushes, he saw a company o men marching in ghostly silence ti their pisces not far in front of bim He witnessed thom halt, saw them scatta to the left and right, and saw the mei disappear behind different bushes to wai the signal for the attack. This sigh steeled him to at once break for the inn and, if he were discovered, to rub for it Turning in the direction of the Raver", h ran rapidly along, keeping his head helot the tops of the bushes, and after har rnnning he arrived without furthe adventure at the door of the inn. At th moment Foster was giving voice to th first words of his song the omer door flei open, and into the room stepped Har.] his hat gone, his dress covered with mir and blood,' bis face flushed with running and great drops of perspiration standin on bis brow or following each other d.iw his checks in rapid succession. Withoc pausing a moment he walktd np to th group, and said between his pantinga fe breath : * My God, men, do you sit hei drinking and the whole country in ara at your very door ! Mount ! Mount for your lives, and let 113 away ! Eve now it may be too late ' The last words he thundered at the tc of his voice, and when-they were said t turned- and mide for the.door whit opened to thé stables. Before he hs gone many steps Bulstrode was at b side.--.'.-" : 'What is the matter, Harry? ' he ask< as he grasped th*, young man's-arr, 4 Who are awaking our liras?' * Who ? Ask «ho not. Every gan i Bat do not stand here talking Each moment is of the utmost importance to us. Ooma on, every soul of you Let na make for the forest, aud souter io the ends of the earth ' All were crow J ir. g around him, and even Vickers displayed some anxiety as he listened to Harry's words. With one accord they slipped on their riding apparel and made ia all haste for the stables. Turning to the keeper i,f the inn, who still remained by his bottles. Harry said : * Leave your drink, man, and fly for your life. Tn ere will be no quarter giren to any of us found here to-night. Toe women are safe enough, no one will harm them ; but the gallows waits for any man who is caught on these premises.' ' I was btrn in this hous**,' answered the keeper sul'enly, '1 was brought up here, and have lived all my da) s here. aud here I stay though the devil himself were thundering at the dosr. Take yourselves off as fast as you may and have no fear for me. I »iii ste you all under my roof again before many days, I have no doubt' Harry saw that it waa useless to argue with .the man, so without wasting further words he ran to the stables, and seiziog one of the spare horses belonging to his companions, mounted ic and took hi* place in the crowd now collected in the ^yard. * There is no use trying to escape this way,' said Harry, tainting ¡ri the direction of the Hollow path. ' The heath swarms with men. We must make fur the forest.' * But the road is well nigh impassable that way,' said Bulstrode. 'There is only one p-th that I know of which a horse can foot, aud that is a villanous one.' * Villanous or not. it must be used to- night. This is viilancns basinets alto gether.' Harry said determinedly, at the same time spuring his horse to toe front. * Lead on, we must not wait here.' But they were too late in starting Already marching down the path of which Bulstrode had spoken waa a company of men, well armed, and led by ote whose father had fought in you. h under Crom- well himself, and who bad been trained to sudden fighting. 1 his leader called a halt to wait for the general attack, when he heard the tramping of horses earning up the path, and without lose of time he quietly prepared his men for the bloody work before them. _(Te be continued.)_ 