THE EDUCATION QUESTION. ? ♦ ? Sib, — In the issue of your contemporary of the 29th ulto. theie appeared a letter signed by one ' E. Treymano Dunstan.' After perusing the same I really must confess that I fail to see that it has any bearing upon this momentous question now before the public mind. And after de voting two-thirds of his letter to ' person alitiea 'we are told ' I have a conscience.' But I am pained to find that his ' consci ence ' is too much akin to the nonconform ist, conscience, of which we have heard so much of late in Home Ecclesiastical affairs, which lacks the generosity and also the ability to credit an opponent with a conscience and honesty of con viction, actuated by principles of reli gion and religious liberty, rather than seeking a mere party triumph in the bands of sectarian prejudice and passionate pride of opinion. This question is vitally too important to be treated in the apparent spirit of levity and vapid frivolity, and the intemperate misapplicationof terms, e.g. 'excruciating- ly funny,' and the seeming attempt at a smartness in sneers and sarcasm that speaks more of a vulgarity and coarseness where we naturally expect politeness and courtesy in one who claims to be a minister of the Gosp sL To my rustic way of think ing the ordinary rules of debate include other things ' than logic — expressions of opinion in gentlemanly good taste, remem bering that the end to be gained is not to conquer with wounds, but to convince with out a sting of needless pain, that one's opponent may with cheerful readiness con cede the point contended for. To class the utterances of honest conviction most seri ously expressed as more suitable fora comic paper, to wit,the£aUeti»,is what we might expect from an atheist, or low type of comedian and not from one who has assumed the office of a minister of the Gospel, since the nature of the case requires ' a gravity that declines to stoop to the position of a jester.' This is not the first time that Mr. Tre mayne Dunstan has attempted to show (for purposes better known to himself) that the Anglican clergy is ft corrupt body of men unworthy of honest men's good opinion, because in all our advocacy of religious liberty the church is for the people and not by the people ; we are wanting in honesty of principle, and are always prompt ed by sinister designs and ignoble motives, lacking in uprightness, in patriotism. Such being, in plain English, the tone and utterance of Mr. Dunstan's epistles on this question of Education, I now call upon him as a man with a ' con science and honest integrity to produce the evidence in testimony of his assertion.' I know ' that the conscience clause is often evaded in English parishes.' If he declines he must expect us to take his statements as 'foolish jesting' in which he indulges the ' excruciatingly funny,' or if serious we must take them cunt grano salt's. As a layman and afterwards as a curate I claim to have some little experience of English Parishes, both town and country ; and if useful I can give a list of schools in which the conscience clause is most religiously observed. lean also tell Mr. Dunstan that the Tipton (Staffordshire) School Board in 1876 adopted a system somewhat like to the special religious clause of the N.S.W. Act, and there was neither friction nor inconvenience. It is very easy for a man to recite fables to amuse, as it is to distort statements by quotations severed from their context. We churchmen have never regarded the present Act otherwise than liberal in its provisions toward Assisted Schools, where our teachers can impart as much religious instruction as they lik-», neither have wo ever claimed that out State schools give a ' Godless Education.' What we do insist is, first that the present Act, by lapse of time and the growth of the Educational system of the empire, needs many amendments. And the attempt at the neutrality of ndh sectarian Bible reading (under the pro hibition of note or comment ) has failed to impart a moral influence over our rising generation to the recognition of their ' duty towards God and their duty to wards their neighbour.' All wo ask, since an Amended Act must shortly -o passed, is to havo tho liberty jof giving religious instruction to our own children of the Church on the lines of the N.S.W. Act, which lias stood the test of time and power to be the solution of this difficult problem. Weclakn that Education, to deserve the name, must bo moulded in every part by the Word and Gospel of Christ— to train immortal souls to live for God here. To profess to believe the Gospel and to aim only at some lower object is the folly of madness. A 1 we plead for our selves we ask for all other religious denomi nations, viz, that the whole course of Education shall bo leavened with the great truths of religion and taught by the re cognized Christian teachers to the children of their own particular creed or persuasion, to instil intothe minds of the young the prin ciples of Temperance, sobriety and chastity as the baptized, having been admitted into tho fellowship of Christ's religion, their bodies arc the temples of the Holy Ghost. To stem the tide of indifference to religion and practical unbelief is the Incarnation and Divine Mission of the Son of God. States, are bound to educate, and true edu cation must be neligious; religious faith cannot, without sin and logical inconsis tency, be excluded from the code of a nation professedly Christian, or be opposed by religious teachers. By religious educa tional understand the great doctrines, pre cepts and hopes of the Gospel. Surely no one can reasonably claim that ' Bible read- ing, without note or comment,' is religious instruction, where Christ, His divine pre cepts and salvation, hold the foremost place! Lest any should think that this question is one merely local, I beg to say that at the present time the Church at home is urging the 'forward movement' for definite Christian instruction, and the most violent oppositionists, whilst conced ing the right to the R.C's., arc the Arian and Semarian teachers of these modern times of the Congregational and Baptist sects. — Vide L»ndon papers for May, 1893. A population without any definite religious belief — only intellectually educated,skilled, urged by class jealousy, by paid agitators, by unhealthy literature, by unscrupulous men, or worse by men with misguided zeal for person or party, such a population is a danger. The danger is not imaginary. The train is laid, and hundreds believe that wealth, not accumulated by a man's own hand, is a wrong done to the whole com munity. The mutual responsibilities of labour and capital are ignored and denied, and a tyrannous sectarianism is honeycomb ing the working classes to the detriment of those classes. And now that we are within measurable distance of a change in our educational system, churchmen and truly religious non-conformists should stand side by side, and demand that in a new Act a child shall, on the lines of the N.S.W. Act, receive definite religious instruction in Divine truth, that the seeds of virtue and the fear of god shall be sown in the mind : and not an education which may be the means of our downfall. We may have a delicacy about wounding consciences in teaching distinctive religion and morality, but I re member reading a story of a father who had scruples of conscience as regards teaching his child to pray. The child met with a fractured leg; and whilst his physician was performing the operation the youngster cursed and swore. The physi cian turned to the father, and said : ' if you have a point of conscience as to teaching your child to pray, it is self evident that Satan has no such delicate scruples about teaching him to curse.' As a people we ought to be deeply concern ed for the moral, religious and eternal wel fare of the young of this fair land, and the sole aim and intention of the clergy of the Church is to ' Raise the people up to God.' Charges are often brought against the clergy of clerica domination, intolerance, bigotry and dishonesty. But an abuse of the clergy is the stock-in-trade of a certain party — the political dissenter. The priests of the church who desire to give ' bread to the children ' are called ' proselytizers,' and when they claim the rights of re ligious liberty and fairness of treatment they are designated ' persecutors.' If to win souls from sin, to give a satisfactory answer to the questions ' Whence am I?' ' Whither am I going?' What is to guide my inner conscience and 'Life ?' we clergy dare to brave the obloquy and aspersions cast upon ts. If to claim that the Bible shall be intelligently taught, in accord with the N.S.W. Act brands me a proselytizer and to plead that the children of the church shall receive such instruction from their own parish priest places upon me the stigma of bigotry. I am prepared to pay the penalty of my claims and plea, for that rightousness whieh is the exaltation of peace, welfare, honour, and good government of my adopted country. And in this I am not alone. I speak but as the spokesmen of my brethren and colleagues. We have set our, faces to obtain what we-claim and advocate and nothing but treachery and apathy will postpone the settlement of the question as the church of God demands.It shall be settled whatever may be the attempts to frustrate resorted to by Protestant sectarianism. We have held out the right hand and asked for their co-operation and the result is before the public mind — not only a defiant reject ion but the mud of calumny and the dirt of injustice have been flung at us. Whatever may be the statements and utterances of sectarian disputants, whether upon honesty of conviction or ulterior motives, we churchmen, cleric audlaic, have a high and responsible obligation to fulfil — the establishment of God's Truth — not in abstract doctrine and mutilations, but in its entirety, aud in the reality of its application A to the hearts and consciences of those who receive instruction in our State Schools, 'to do justly, to love mercy,' and to walk humbty with thy God according to the standard of truth, liberty and love. We arc informed that there is a secret compact among the sectarians, that they 'have every prospect of united action ' to resist the special religious clause of the N.S.W. Act. Very well, forwarned is fore armed, churchmen ; the gauntlet for truth and liberty is about to be thrown down. As churchmeb, be ready to take it up, and prove your integrity, loyalty and con sistency to principle, that the church's forward movement shall not be thwarted by the peculiarity of Protestant sectarian ism. To those who arc thus confederate against us I would respectfully OBk them just to weigh well the results of such un ited opposition (not that I fear — for God who has protected and preserved the Church through the severe affliction and persecutions of the past will foe faithful to His promise of assuiMic^ unto tlio end), but I would in all due courtesy ask for the con sideration if after all is this antagonistic opposition of misdirected zeal not for God and country, but for party and sectarian achievement, and such, au ambition will be a ' striving with your Maker,' ' fighting against God' in conspiring to gain a triumph for sectarian despotism. ' No Christian, writes the saintly and scholarly Liddon ' who seriously believes ' our doctrines that Jesus is God, that the ' death of Jesus is a world redeeming sacri ' fice, that the Eternal Spirit sanctt ' tifies the redeemed, that the Scripture ' is the inspired Word of God, that ' the sacramsnts are appointed channels ' 'whereby ve partake of the life of Jesus'; can say that in himself these truths have petri fied, or arrested or stifled thought. Rather do they open out the widest views of the Divine character, and of the destinies of man, and of the vast functions and pro found interest of the natural world, so that at length the swiftest thought finds its utmost range exceeded and pauses to cry out with the apostle *? O the depths of the riches of the wisdom and knowledge of God.' To train our children in this wisdom, to in struct them definitely and practically in this knowledge : to ' Remember their creator in the days of their youth,' is our sole motive and aim in advocating the intro duction of the special religious clause of the N.S.W. Act into our Educational code. Opposition to this, fain would I believe springs from honesty of convictio n with the sectarian preacher, were it not for the apparent unkind things said of us and the ignoble motives attributed to us ; the secning attempt to ridicule with unbecom ing levity, and the infliction of unnecessary pain by the series of sarcasm which are badly out of keeping with the vocation of a minister of the Gospal, and very much out of plo«e in the debate of a question of this kind. And I would in all humble courtesy adviBe the Rev. k. Tremayne Dunstan that if he has lost the consciousness of selfre spect and how to guide his own words with discretion and wisdom and the good taste of a gentleman, it would be better for him to retire from this discussion, and study some standard work, e.g. ' Our Gentle Life,' and above all the attitude of the Apostles to- j, wards the world and their modus operands ' as ministers of JesuB Christ ;' and learn to refrain from using such vulgarisms as a'spouter,'which may appear 'excruciatingly funny' in the Bulletin, but not at all in accord with one who is ever advertising an attractive pro gramme to draw people to listen to the charms of his own voice in the inebriety of his own verbosity. Personally the gentle man is unknown to me, but of his talents and ability to do much good I have no doubt. I trust, however, he will pardon me when I eay those talents are greatly neu tralised, and that ability is wasted when he stoops to the level of vulgarity of a stump ^^ orator, disclosing a lack of refinement and ^W culture by the use of coarse slang in his criticism of those who in Berious language and earnestness of principle honeBtly ex press their views and convictions on the best meanB to honour God and advance the cause of Christ for our country's welfare and prosperity in educating the young for eternity, to live for God in time, to live with Him in the world, to come by distinc tive and definite religious teaching and the higher grade of morality and virtue. — Yours, &c;, EDWARD S. CLAIRS. Northain, July 11, 1893. 