WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211 Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The bonus is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1S91) the two women Incited all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving lint a soul in tho house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about Imif-paat 11 they re turned, and entered the house lougliing and talking. But r.3 they went info the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Bight in tho middle nf the room stood a dark man of gigantic statute. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through tho eye holes in it. Ills shirt s'eaves were rolled tip, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled scream ing from the room, and when Mr Jennings cimo in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor, and all the doors and windows securely looked. Wh*.t was it the women 8a w ? During a recent period of ill-health,” wr : tcs an American friend, “ I bud slept badly for several successive nights. On tho fourth of thesn nights, about 2 o’clock, I wan suddenly aroused from a ibzi by ichat seemed like the calliny of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mo’her ju-t as sli- looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail way disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tho local old women gossips said it was a summons, ami I would never get well. Y-n I did, and am in perfect In tilth now. I believe that vision came nf my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, anil it’s mote than three years ngo now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play eIT on vou when your sysfem is out of condition. In March, IS9O, it wan that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokes dowu, ll infn, wrote us as follows: —“I teas so dreadfully nervous I could not hear uuy onn in the room with me, yet I did not winli them far mvay I case I should call out for help. This was in June, ISS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often ft severe, pain in my head and over my eyes, mid 1 was sick mod of the time. My skin was dry anil yellow, am) the Btnm’ch and bowels felt cold and dead. By-ami by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor paid lie didn't kmnv what my com plaint was. 1 took nothing hut liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing hut skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head nulled so dreadfully §1 thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. “I had given up ali hope, when one day Mrs West, ,f Bmitneimuith, called ami asked what I was taking. She. told me she was herself once just ns badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, nml by tho end of the week I went downstairs. Now lam as well ns ever. I can oat and digest my food, and nil my nervousness has bft me.” The malady Mrs Fester suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia nnd nervous prns tratior. The original cause was grief and shock at tho violent deatli of her husband, by acoident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor lo the digestion mid thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing nioro or less than a set of neivee all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel’s Syrup dons its work the eyes and ears entertain only wliut 13 natural and wholesome, 