(niMitneii. Ml/ Little J\ cit/hbour. A otormy Juno day. IIow steadily tho rain fell ind how tho wind moaned, But any ono looking into our oliccrful sitting room muet havo forgotton tho state of tho weather, for n blight firo snr,ppod and eraoklod in tho grate, and Claire Wilson wns :eited on tho hearth-rug junt at my feet wish a gray kitton in her arms. Ciuira'a happy faco mado sunshine all about. Jler doll was sleeping upon my kneo irhilo I busily worked r.t a pink party dress [or Minn Miriam Yellowtreso ; quito n long name for a rather small doll : it took Clairo three days to think of it. You ceo Miss Miriam Yollowtress had been invited to a dolls' party, cud so Clairo, my littio next door neighbor, hud como in to talk it nil over with mo. ' And sho shall wear her bluo cilk dross with tho bluo sash again,' announcod Clairo, smoothing liu: doll's curls tenderly. 'Sho ought to havo another party dresa,' I Eaid. 'How would pink silk do?' ' Beautiful 1 It would just Buit her checks. Miss May,' cried Claire. ' Well, she shrill havo ono of that colour, then, and I'll mako it for her.' I ran away for tho material, 'which Clairo pronounced ' just lovely.' ' It's a piece of ono of my dancing-school dresses — I woro it when I was not much bigger than you are, Claire,' I said. ' And now dolly must be measured.' And no sho was, nnd tho dress onco fairly started pro gressed rapidly. Miss Miriam Yeliowtresa dozed beforo tho fire, Clairo hugged her kitten upon tho hearth-rug and chatted blithely to me as I rooked and hemmed and at length finished tho eimplo trained skirt, Then the tiny waist was commenced, and Clairo, growing restlesa, commenced dancing about tho room and cinging, or paused to lean against my ohair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my cheek. ' Shall I read you a story, Mks Moy 1' asked Claire. 'Yes, pot, do,' I said. So oho chose a book from tho oentro table and eurlcd horself up on tho rug at my feat again. Now Clairo io six years old, and can read very well if sho takes timo to puzzle tho long vrordo out. This timo sho never teamed to notico whether tho words were long or short. Tho title of tho book oho held was 'Longfellow's Poems,' ond this io Clairo'u otory : ' Onco thoro wao a little girl who wont to school every day, almost, but onco in a whilo, when it stormed, her mamma would give her a holiday. Sho almost alvvoys spent tho holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. Clairo — I mean tho littio girl— loved this young lady, oh, very, very much 1' Hero Clairo caught my hand and gavo it a warm squeeze. A lovely bird song all day long in tho window of Mies May's sitting-room, and yuiu-uuu swum- lorovor in a giouo. xje tlowers looked so pretty that grew in a long box in tho window. Once I carried a hunoh homo that Miss May had givon mo, and thoy were bo sweet every ono wented to know where thoy oamo from, ond { told them, and Uncle Wilbur took ono and gavo mo a largo orango for it.' 'Now, Claire,' I ericd, 'you are just making all that up I' ' No, it's all true— it's o true etory,' naid Claire, earnestly ; then she soid, ' There's a nice kitty at Mies May's; it will come to me when I call it — it hasn't any name but Icitty. I tbin|i it ought to have a namo be sides that.' ' You con give it one now, if you want to,' I said, 'Ob, oan I?' cried Clairs, so joyously that any ono might havo fancied I had just mado her a present of fivo pounds. Well, would Minnie do for a name? No — it would tako too lone to oall — Eomothinrr Dhort. Let mo see. Fan— I don't 'zactly liko that— oh, /know 1 Lst's call her Pinky. Pinky, dear, ounning Pinky, look up I' _ To Olairo's delight, tho lfiftep raised her little gray head and looked up, 'Sho likes her name; Bho almost laughed, she's oo pleased !' cried Claro, excitedly. Then, after potting pusa a few moments, ehe picked up her book and went on with bor story:— ' Miss May and 1 go tg the Efsmo church; sho teaches mo in the Sunday school; there ore four other girls iu tha class and cach one wunto to sit by Miss Moy, eo wo have to tako turns at it, phrintmas Mjeo May g!-vo moa most beautiful book with a green ond gold cover, and a picture with a Ehepherd holding a dear littio lamb in his arm3. I Mad tho book fjundays. Then oqo day when I was up in Sjiss May's Fooip, she 'opened a drawer in her deok and gave mo a lovely' gold poncil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. Uno]o Wilbur l)os a spjondjd horso that ho calls Sultan; sometimes ho takes me out for a drive on his tall cart— bo often takes Miss May out, My doll is goiDg to a grand party next week ; she will wear a- . Di.f. Ufuc.u, uuu Jici mm iruia— ll'O goiug to look beautiful, and after tho party I'm going to tell Miss May all about it. Miss Moy is making the dress ; oho io sitting near me, and her cheeks 'aro as red as rosea. 1 think sho oits too near the fire, for her ohesko aro hardly ever oo rod.' 'It is warm,' murmured Miss May. 11 Next cummer we are going to havo a Cottage by tbo seashore. I shall dig with plain-pl^lis ip the sr.nd every day and build forts. Miss May isn't eewing now sho's rocking herself to and fro, and so I'll atop reading.' Thon Glaira and I proceeded to array Miss Miriam in tho party dress that I had just completed ; it pot off her blonde loveliness to perfection, ond cha looked =o tasoinating lhat we felt compelled to kiEO her for being so protty. Indeed, Clairo was so pleased lhat sho clapped her hands with delight, I ind then pranced nil Rfoilgd . tl)P room, Inally springing into my arms and nearly imothering me with kisses. Then Miss Yellowtress wao taken into the next room to mamma. I could hear Claire's :agcr voice explaining ond ftdmiring it all, md mamma's comments : nnd fhnn little girl oamo fluttering to my Eido like a bird. Miriam Yellowtress wao laid upon tho table, and then, without oo much ao ' by your leave,' Claira sprang into my armo and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder, ' ' Now it's my turn ; Mis3 Miriam Yellow treso has had you for a long time. Toll mo a otory, Miso May, please.' So I told her about the day that kitty wan brought to my door in a littio basket-~ij pre oeat from a oouain o { mine who waa going South for tho winter, I told. her how strange kitty felt at first, and mewed and mewed, nnd ovon scratohed nio when I tool; her up' In my arms and tried to comfort her. But kitty ond I woro now tbo beot of friends, and aho had forgotten to fed lonely. Then wo went to tho window ond looked Jut at tho rain, It dashed ogainot tho win- I low-nano. and tho wind nlmnir ! until thov swavod and bent beforo tlio blast as though trembling and otraid of its fury.' Tho sky wao lowering ; oomo of tho olouds were ot an inky blackness. Wo sat thero until twilight oamo on, and still it rained. '' Don't yon feel awfully lonely, Miss May)' said Clairo. 'I do. I like to feel bo some limes,' ' What a funny ohild you are I said. 'Ilow oan you liko to feol lonely, pet?' . .' Well, solemn, then. Do tell mo r. ghost Itory pleaoe.' 'Not I, sweetheart, Besides, I don't mow ono to toll, as I never read thom, Tako ny advice, Clairo— nover listen to ghoBt jtoriof i ; you moy laugh at them in broad layligbt, but whon you awako ot night thoy »ill eeem very different,' A sloim ol wind stools tbocaiwracnt; hail wan mtuglod with tho rain. Then mommi cntored the loom nndesclnimcd: ' Why, how dismal you both loop, oitting there in the dark with you arms around oaoh otlu i- liko tlio.b.ibc.'i in tho wood,' The cheery voice btoka tlio spoil ; wo left tho storm to tako cr.ro of it-elf. , I lighted tho lamp with its amlier-tinted globe, stirred tlio fire till it snapped and blazed up clieer fully, drow tho criniron curtains together, and all in a moment our dusky room wob transformed. IIow delicijmly cosy aud comfortable it seemed I Claire nnd 1 had n merry time— n gay, good timo— until some ono camc to take my little friend away from me. And the dolls' party ? Oh, it was a grand success, nnd, best of all, Miss Yellowtresj wan tha belle ol the ball. 