The Face at the Window. Silvani Todd met mo at the Sivillfi mo evening and took mo aside. I was living in two rooms not far I.-oin the Edgwaro road. ' Look here, WillUras," he began, "I am going to E ;ypt cn thi3 cholera commission. and I shall be away lor six months at least. 11 you like to move into my house while I am away, do so." ' Tnto your house in Grosvenor street ?" I exclaimed. ' Yes. Why nit ?' ' he replied lightly. I will leave oheques for the rent and taxes. You will be doing mo a kindness. Gait is a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave the servants alone in the house." ' But as to rent?" I said dubiously. "Never mind about that. Or stay. In place of rent you , can pay the servants' board wages, or find their keep if you please." " Done with you," I oried heartily. A week later I moved into the house in Grosvenor street, Nj. 100. It was a fair-sized bouse. On the right of the hall was the dining room, spacious and wainscoted in oak, with muoh "sombre furniture, and one large window whioh looked upon the street. Behind this was the consulting room. The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well stocked with ferns, Bnd above it a curious laoe blind, secured the needful privaoy. So much for the house. I had been in it about three weeks ; the words, " Come and see me; I am living in Grosvenor street now," were beginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, wheD, on going out one morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. He bad that moment rung the bell. " Doctor Silvani Todd ?" he asked, looking from me to a paper he held in his hand. 'Are you Doctor Silvani Todd, Bir?"_ " No," I hastened to answer, fearing that he ws3 collecting rates and taxes. " I am not Dootor Todd. He 13 in Egypt— in the Soudan ; right up in the country, in fact." ' _ . " Anyone living here beside Dootor Silvani Todd?" ho asked jerkily, poising a pencil above his list. "Living here? Well, I 'am living here, but—" "Christian name, surname and profes sion," he put in briskly, "A card will in sure accuracy." Then he explained that he was a canvasser for a directory. "Your card, sir? Thank yon," he said. " The name shall be inserted. May I take your order for a copy J" "No," I replied brusquely, "l3that all you want ?" " All this morning, thank you," he airily answered. He was not one whit abashed by my man ner or ecrutiny. V " Then good-morning." I held the door open, and only shut it when he had fairly turned the corner. I am a shy man, and his coolness had staggered me. But if I had not seen him, when my back was turned, as he supposed, in the act of examining my letter-box — not the lock of the door, or the bolts or chain, but the letter-box of all things— I was a Dutch man. What could the man want with my letter-box? I began, though I would not have confessed to the feeling for the world, to dislike the stillness and gloom of the house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in oomparison with my old lodgings : but this alone did not account for my uneasiness, whioh grew so marked that the striking of a clock startled me, and a ray of Bunlight shooting athwart the dim ness of the room made me jump. No, 1 caught the infection from Gait. He wan a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily ; the . model of a lino and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the bouee, and though I did not mind this much, I did objeot £0 another trick h9 had of glanc ing over his shonlderB as he waited at table, while his face would put on at those times an unpicasant listening expression. More than once I oame upon him standing still in the hall listening. And if I went into the con sulting room to water the ferns, he was sure to be at my elbow the next minute, listening agaiD, I daresay. But this was not all. One night something happened, which gave me real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I oould not sleep, and while I was lying awake, I thought I heard a cautious footstep on the stairs. At my door it paused— if it was a footstep — for I oould only hear the creaking of a board at intervals ; then it seemed to go lower. " All fancy !" I said to myself, and turned over. " All faDoy !" Bat I was not quite satisfied, and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pyjamas, just as I was, went out on the landing. 1 could hear nothing. I crept soltiy down the stairs in the dark. All was still. The ticking of the eight-day clock and the occasional grating of a window as the breeze roso or fell were the only sounds inside the house. Outside a oab rumbled by. I reaohed the foot of the stairs, and, satisfied sow that I had deceived myself, was turning 10 go back, when my movement brought the keyhole of the consulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into the darkness of the hall. Well, I hesitated ; perhaps while the clock above ticked a dozsn times. I considered the position. Someone might have oarelessly I _left a light burning in that room. Only the | "room was not in use. And then what of the I sUp3 on the stairs? On the other hand, \- there might be a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the police? But suppose I did this, and lo ! a mere lighted candle? That would be a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridicule more. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a aingle candle on the mantel. No one moved in the room. No one was to bs seen. I stepped cautiously in with a Bmile on my face, and —and jumped, I daresay, a couple of feet aside. " Why, Gait 1" I oried the next minute, seeing that it really was the servant who, alone and half-dressed, was standing by the window. " What are you doing here?_ What are you doing up at this time of night?" I cried imperatively. He did not answer, no was trembling violently. I had given him a great shock, tlmt was clear. Ho passed one hand across liis brow in a stupid way. In the other he held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I graeped the position. "I will tell you what it is 1" I said, taking np the candle, and holding it eo that its light fell upon his dazed faco and distended eyes. " I will tall you what it is, my man! You have been walking in your sleep !" He shaded hia eyes with his hand and partly turned from mo. "I am afraid I have, Bir," he muttered abjectly. ' iJo was etill forced to steady himself by estib'g one baud on the table# I took the . syringe from him. # "I supp-ice that this 13 not the first time yets have done it?" I said querulously. \- ' T j have a servant who walked in his sleep. £t w«s too provoking. " No, sir," be answered, his teeth chatter ing with the frigtit or the cold. " I used to do it whea I was a boy. But I thought I had grown out of it yesrR ago." " I hope that you will grow oal of it now, I replied severely. " Tbcre, get to bed, and for goodness' sake stay there if you \- oan." " Yea, sir," ha said humbly. " I am Barry that I distorted you, sir." X m&fifl; sis him to go first. As I followed 1 glanced round the room at the estrange medley that covered table and rprnitalj-MB and OTMlOWed OD tC CtWUS Mid brackets. On a shell above the fireplace was a mummy's head with horriblo glass eyes tiiat Ecemcd to ba winking at me, and in bottles below it were preparations which Todd had been using to illustrate his physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. " Ugii 1" I exolaimed, closing the door with a shudder. I soon fell asleep when I got back to bed. , But once at least I awoke with a start ana eat np, in the belief that someone was again moving about the house. Next day I had a bad nervous headache, and was as irritable as oould be; so that when Gait as usual crept upon me while I was watering the fernB, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. " Well ?" I exclaimed. " I came to see if you wanted anything, sir." Wanted anything, indeed ! " No, nothing I" I retorted. " And I think, Gait, that yon would be far more usefully employed, if instead of following me about the house you were to clean the windows. The one in the dining-room is in a disgrace ful state, considering that there are three servants in the house and only one master." "Very well, sir," he answered reBpeot- fnlly. He was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow oi pride in my moral oourage. " I will see to it, sir," he said ; " but Dootor Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside." " Then get a man. Do it in the usual way. That is all I want." I answered. He assented again, adding something, however, about the difficulty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five minutes later, when a man accosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to obambers. " Will your honor give me a job of work ?" be said. J looked at him. ne was not tearful as beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. " A job oi work ? ' I answered, glancing at my slim umbrella and varnished boots. " Do I look as if I bad jobs of work to give away ?" " Your honor looks as if you would give them away if you had," he answered with ready wit. I laughed. " Can you ol«« windows?" I asked. " Clean all your windws, sir, for a shil ling he rapped out. "Then you would have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride of my five floors and basement. " Here ! you may take this to 190 Grosvenor street." I pencilled a few words on a card request ing Gait to let the bearer olean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when he had done. For Borne reason, I do not now remember why, I went homa from chambers early that afternoon. I had scarcely taken the latch key from the door before I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Gait was standing at tho consulting room door, his back to it, In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gesticulating wildly, and talking at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait cut himBhoit. ' You do not go into this room," he said ; " that 13 enough for you !" " And why not, my honey ?" the Irishman was beginning. " Sure, and hi3 honor was saying that I was to olean the windows, every blessed one of them." " He said nothing of the kind," I inter posed Bternly, as I oame forward. " I did not say that you were to come into the house at all. I said that you were to clean the outsid6 ot the windows. How is this, Gait ?" The servant mastered something. " I expeot him to do his work. Now, as you have let this man olean the other win dows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You oan stay with him. Open the door." But Gait did not stir. He looked at me su'lenly. " D jctorTodd is particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir," he said, in a tone that matched his face. "And to the house, I have no doubt i" I returned, throwing open the door myself. "Stay!" I added, after glanoing round. "Close the inner window over the ferns, That is .better. Now he can do no dam age." I saw this arrangement oarried ont before I left them. Then I went into tfce front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition of a load knock. Gait, I knew, must be able to hear it as well as I could myself. I strode into the hall. " Do you not hear that someone is at tho ; door ?" I said curtly. : He did not move. Instead, he pointed silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. " Nonsense !" I exolaimed. "Go to the door at once." Still a moment's hesitation, end he went. The person at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed ooal in the front room and a cop oi tea. His scruples had arisen rather late in the day I thought, and I took a mischievous pleasure in keeping him from his post. But what did it all mean ? What, indeed ? I did not connect, as yet, the man who had heen so inquisitive about the letter-box with Gait. The letter's oonduot by itself was enough to puzzle me. His sleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and his strange obstinacy about tho consulting room, j gave scope for wild coujeotures, and certainly I filled me with distrust of him, as well as a secret prejudice agaiuBt the house. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before by the ner?0U3 manner in which ha continually started and glanced be hind him. " What is it that you are afraid of, Gait ?" I said suddenly, thinking to lake him by surprise. Then, as he did not answer, " Is it burglars?" I asked, the scene with the Irish man iu my mind. " Burglars, sir ?" "Yea. Mind what you are doing with the kidneys !" I said sharply. " I thought that the burglary olose by in Bond street, at that jeweller's, might have frightened you. Man alive 1 there is nothing here to tempt that g»Dg." ' I hope not, sir," he replied huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. "Roally, Gait, I do not think that you are well," 1 remarked, in a more kindly tone. " We want Doctor Todd back already." lis began to tell me that he bad not been himsell of late, w'uen he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered back from the table. Tiie plate be was holding fell, and was shattered on the arm ot my chair, The gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumped up in a rage. " What on earth is the matter with you ?'' I exclaimed, very much inclined to take him aDd shake him. "I saw a— a face at the window," ha gasped. Hs own faoe was white. Ilia lip3 trembled so that he could scarcely frame his words. A face at the window ! I had been sitting at a round table olose to the window, and when I rose 1 had done so with my beck to tho light. Now, I turned Bwiftly round, fol lowing the direction of his eyes. Looking oast me, they were fixed on a corner of the window. But there wits no face to bo seen. Gait was wiping liis brow with his handker chief. " Have yon been drinking?" I asked. 'No, sir." There was no indignation in his answer. " Umph 1 I am surprised to hear it," I said. " For shame, man 1 pluck up a spirit. Now go downstairs and compose yourself. You oan tell Caroline to bring me up another plate." When the plate had been brought I re sumed my breakfast. Really Gait was be coming unbearable. Was he going out of his mind ? Or was it merely that something had unstrung his nerves ? A man must bo pretty far gone — farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for his neighbors — bo- fore he could. conjure up faces in broad day light, and — What was that ? I was out of my chair in the fifth of a second, for with the tail of my eye, as I reached across the table for tho salt, I had seen a face at my elbow — a faco glued to the pano, and such a one 1 A face, white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip, und flanked by huge ears ! A greedy face, with dull eyes, that glared in upon me. I was not frightened, but I was startled. The face was unexpected, and it was horribly close to mc. It was no wonder that 1 sprang up as I did. Y»t the thing was hardly seen — I had barely turned my full gaze upon it — before it was gone. " The impudent scoundrel 1" 1 cried, when my first surprise was over. " I will soon put a stop to that 1" 1 ran to the front door, and opening it. looked into the street. Near at band there was no one. In the distance two or three broughams were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling off, half a dozen people were going this way or that. But no one was by the win dow. Yet this did not greatly astonieh me. Tho houses in Grosvenor street have project ing porticoes which would hide a fugitive, though his pursuers were but a few yards dis tant. My first impulse W03 to go up the street, bathes as I was, and hunt him out. But after all he had dona no harm, and I eon- tented myself with vowing vengeanoe if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I oould still laugh at ihe serious way in which Gait had taken it, X did not return to my old seat. I removed my plate so that 1 might face the window, Somehow the faoe haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon b dark oorner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy, eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms where the firelight fell upon it, and this went so far that I felt sensibly relieved when I was fairly outBide the house. But that day being a busy one, by the evening I had forgotten my domestio concerns, and when Caroline took off the oovcrs at dinner I asked where Gait was. Gait was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. "I do not think that he has been well for some time," I remarked. "No, sir," said Caroline, solemnly. She chook her head, aB if she could fully account for it, " What do you think is the matter ?" I was constrained to ask. " Well, sir, we think it is the smell of the doctor's stuff." "Ob, indeed," I answered, mneh tickled. " But you are not ill?" "No, sir. But you tee, Gait— he is more in the doctor's room. He has been in there a good bit lately, and he is not like the same man ." " That reminds me of something," I said. "I left my little Eilver match-box on the oorner of the table in that room this morn ing. Will yon fetch it for me before 1 forget it, Caroline ?" While she was about my errand, I, think ing over what she had said, began to see a connection between Gait's oddity, or illneBs, or whatever it was, and theconsulting-room. I saw a clear oonnection. Still there conld not be anything in what the servant said. Doctor's stuff I That was absurd. And it was still more absurd to Buppose, though I disliked the'room myself, tbat there oould be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet — A shrill scream, and the violent closing of a door, cut short my reasoning. I ran out into the hall. The girl was leaning against the wail under the lamp, her hand pressed to her side, her breath coming in gasps. Sbe was on tha verge of fainting. Luckily her ory had reached other ears, and the cook oame flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any cause of fear, caugbt a glimpse of Gait's pale face peering down at us. " Goodness, Caroline ! what is the matter now ?" I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these exourBions and alnrms, and was finding it more and more hard not to sisrt and glance behind me, as Gait did; " I saw a faoe — a face," she sobbed. " At the window?" I asked eagerly, " No, sir. Over — over the mantelshelf." " The mommy's head. Why, you 6ee that every day 1" I cried. ''There must have been something else beside that to frighten you?" :' There — there was something else," Caro line gasped. i " Lor' a mercy I" exolaimed the cook, ( looking behind her and then at me to Bee that I was not leaving tbem. " What else ? What else ! What else did yon see ?" I repeated impatiently. Bat, and it was provoking enough to make n saint swear and return violently to his I dinner, Carolino would not say. No, thongh I I asked her again and again, and in the main she was a stout and sensible girl. She had seen something else beside the head, ard that was all she would tell us. I concluded in the end tbat aha was embroidering the matter, and that all she had seen was the mummy's bead, upon which, perhaps, the light passing through the open door might have fallen with a now effect. I went baok to my dinner ; but first I took tho lamp and thoroughly searched tho con sulting-room. Of oourse I found nothing, or nothing that should not have been there. The mummy's face smirked upon me un changed, save that it looked a little more dirty. The preparations in then bottles be' low it wero untouched, and in tho midst of them the board on whioh the doctor pinned hia cards of invitation stood as fashionably, untidy as tvar. It, too, would have been tha better, where it was not hidden by " fixtures," for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in tho room ; no thing bad been removed or altered. Yet I searched under the table and in the cup boards. I could not get the face I had seen at tho window out of my mind. The very features sf the parchment maBk above me put on a grotesque likenesB to it. But by this time I was iu a condition to imagine any thing. Anything? No, not quite any thiog. For surely that cry was not fancy, could not be fancy. Tbat short, quick scream# whioh came shooting up the staircase late that night, and pierced my ears, bo that I dropped the extinguisher and snatched up the candle- atickl That was not fanoy. Itwosrcal, as real as the white, startled face I eaw peering into the looking-glass a moment later. "Hang it all!" I muttered hBtily. "1 cannot stand this. I shall be seeing a ghost next. Is the house bewitched ?" 1 ran down ffie stairs, listening as I went. There was silence above and below. I reached the lowcet flight and halted abruptly. From there I could see the hall, and raisiDg my oindlo above my head peered downward. Ah 1 what was it? Who was it? Step by step I oame down until I touohed a prostrate form. Then I act the candle on the stairs, and stooped over it. Thank HeaveD, there was no blood ! It was Gait, and he waB alive. With an effort I turned him over, re coiling an instant as a olasp- knifo rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and he sighed. He had merely tainted, then, and pushing the mat under his head I rose to my feet, my first fears relieved. I looked round. The dining-room door was wide open, that of the oonsuiting-room wbb ajar. Without taking np the candle, with scarce a moment's thought, I flung the latter open and Btood on the threshold look ing in. I held my breath and shivered, I sonfess, for I saw what he had seen and Caro line had Been ; bnt overcoming the first nervous desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the thing in the faoe until all fear was gone. Truly in the face — for it was a face I saw — a luminous death's head. Eyes, month, and nostrils were black oaverna in a pale lambent mask, It was grim enough, j But taking into aooonnt its position over the j fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied me that someone had trickled out the poor mummy's head with luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures boerd, in letters rough, but clear, " Thiei 1" Thief 1 I understand the word, the some thing else which Caroline had seen ; bnt who liod written it, or why? Yet it clearly be hoved me to find out. In tho niok, and also at the junction cf tha steel and haft, were some fragments of a thing almost as strange in that house— dry earth. We had no garden at One Huudred and Ninety, except ihe win dow garden at my elbow; and why Bhnuld Gait have been digRing in the half- barrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Why, indeed 1 I brought the candles close to the window, and scanned tho surface of the scanty soil whioh made up our Bole garden ground. Surely 1 was on the track, for on putting aside fair sized lerns I saw that the handful of earth against the base of the biggest stone had been lately moved and watered. With the knife I dug out the damp mould. I was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny j cavern in or under the stone became visible. I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of I bard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I started at sight ot them 1 How they flashed and glittered in the pale rays of the candle 1 They were diamonds — a neck lace, pendant and bracelets. They were in their eettings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind me warned me to tarn. Our eyes met, Gait's and mine, " Thief I" I said. "Give them to me 1" he muttered doggedly, Stretching out his hand. "Nothing oi the kind," I answered. I still held bis knife, and there was a moment when I felt glad I had it. ' The man was a coward, but a oownrd in a oorner is an awk ward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quail. "Nothing of the kind, yon thisf!" I thundered. "I shall be more likely to give you to the poliao unless you tell me this moment the whole truth." A knock oame to the door. " You will not go," he muttered. "Most certainly I shall," I returned; and passing through the hall opened the door. A man stepped qnickly in and removed his hat. He was the man who called to oanvas for the directory. "Yon are Mr. Williams?" he said with a steady look at me. "I am sorry to drop in at a queer hour, but business is business, and mine i3 unpleasant." " Perhaps you will explain what it is," I replied. I bad an uneasy presentiment of the truth ; and surely enough he answered : " I am a deteotive, Mr Williams. Yon have the proceeds of a jawel robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you that everything you say will be given as evidence against you." "Tbat I Eay 1" I cried. " Against me 1 Me ? You are forgetting yourself, man?" Good heavens this was too absurd ! And yet — and yet my right hand hidden in my pocket was olasping the jewels — was full of the stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over ! " Better take it easy, sir. I have not been looking in at that window yonder a dozsn times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant — Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and searched the room too when he was oleaning the window — when I bsw you come dawn with a light, and your man all of a heap upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if yon will hand over the stones comfortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will ba hctter for both of you." A groan proceeding from the open door of the consulting room proved that Gait was listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I met the deteotive's cun ning eyes, and clenched my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sick with terror. " la the servant in there ?" asksd the man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. He made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flew to my face, and I felt as if the prison warder's hand already oast its shadows upon me. Gait still sat huddled up in his ohair, and as I took my place beBide him the deteotive eyed ns both with a aontempt he did not try to conceal. "A pretty pair you are I The idea of such as you trying on this gamol Why, it is enough to make a dog laugh 1" And laugh he did. How I hated him for his vulgar triumph ! "Look here," I said; "you will behave yourself properly while you are in my house, my man. You know as well as I do that I am no thief." " You have got the plunder," he said, be coming grave again. "And you and your accomplice have it bidden away Bomewbere for the past fortnight. It will b9 for you and him ta say how it was come by." Gait looked up, the picture of wretched ness. " I found it in the letter-box one morning," he muttered. " The robbery in bond street was in the papers the same morning." The deteotive nodded sagely. " I thought bo," he answered. " The burg lars were ohased. One was taken a lew yards from here. We found nothing upon him, but he owned up that he had dropped some of the plunder through the letter slit cf a house a few doors away. I spotted this house. And now it will be only a question of receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen. I daresay that if tho things are restored at once that no charge will be made." "Here is the jewellery," I replied hastily. " I only discovered its presence in the house a few minutes ago. " And your Bervant ?" he asked, as he snatched at the jewels. The beads of perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. Ha had been an honest man before the disoovery of that mass of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him. ' I am quite sure he will tell the truth," 1 said. " 1 will answer for his appearance. Do you not think you oould manage mat ters?" " I think I oould," he answered slowly. " I think I could Equare it, and do no wrong to anyone— for a consideration, sir." I made a bargain with the officer. He wbb to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in ferred tbat Gait voluntarily oame to him with the Btolen propcity. " Wait for me in the hall," I said, taking a candle from the table ; " I must fetch the money from my bedroom." Gait and the detective were standing to gether in the hall, looking at one another as ill-tempered dogs look. " Here is your money," I said. " Now be careful that you fulfil your part of the bar gain." He put the notes in bis pocket. '- You will hear no mora of it," he said, emphatioally. Gait muttered his gratitude, while I put a Hop to his effusive thankfulness. "Go to bed," I said, brusquely, " and do not feel too sura that he will keep his word." But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. We have not since heurd of him, or of the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summons arrived in Grosvenor street, the truth began to dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men had been eonvioted of tho robbery, bnt the diamonds hacl never been found, and their disappearance have be come a standing mystery. " There are more of the gang about," said the inspector. ''We have oar eyes upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing ; and we cannot see how the men who were in it could havepasBed the plunder to them." I can see very well how it was done— very well, and how any little expenses attending the process wero paid ; bnt 1 am shy and nervous. I blush, it is true, as I pass a cer tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, bnt I keep my own pounoel. So doe? Gait. 797 