SPIRITUALISM: WHAT IS IT? TRUTH OR IMPOSTURE? Ancient and Modern Spirit- ualism. Researches and Enquiries. Remarkable Phenomena. Investigations by Our Own Representative. Among the Mediums. Seeking an Honest One. Mrs. H. A. Rising, of Prahran. No. 2. [Continued from Last Saturday's Issue.] "Oh for the touch of a vanished hand, Or the sound of a voice that is still." The test of modern spiritualism must un- doubtedly be its results. If information can be received through a medium which it is impossible for anyone but the deceased person, whose spirit is said to be summoned up, and the interviewer to know, then there is prima facie evidence that at least some power which is not normal to humanity is being exercised. The test is made stronger if the information is such as could only be known to the deceased and which can be verified by circumstances. And we admit freely that so far as our tests with many mediums are concerned the communications have not come up to these requirements. Mediumship in fact offers a very large field to imposture. A person has only to announce through the medium of a shilling advertisement that the gift of clairvoyancy will be exercised at so much per sitting, to attract some curious persons, and by a little adroit "drawing out'' of the visitor, by making the answers sufficiently vague, and by a few happy guesses, may establish for a time a reputation, especially as mankind as a rule are prone to accept anything savoring of the supernatural with more credulity than they would accept any evid- ence as jurymen in a court of law. For example, one "medium" whom we visited conjured up "familiar spirits" whom we did not know in the flesh and whom we are pretty certain are not to be heard of in spiritland, but their utterances were con- fined solely to telling us we were not well, that we must take better care of our health, that our troubles would end satisfactorily, that the spirits were quite well and happy and were watching our career with ap- proval. Every communication was equally vague and commonplace, while if pressed with a test question the "spirit" either failed to answer or made some wildly inco- herent and ridiculous reply. The whole thing was in fact a glaring imposture, so bald as not to deceive a child. Our object was, however, to seek out a medium who bore a good reputation and who held a high position among spiritual- ists. Manifestly it would be unfair to take any person who set up an A B C school for little children as an authority on the science of education, the better course being to go to an accredited teacher. And diligent enquiry convinced us that one of the best known and best accredited "mediums" in Melbourne was Mrs. H. A. Rising, of "Woolahra," Greville-street, Prahran, and that if we could get no satisfactory tests from her it was hopeless to look further for information among the "mediums" of Victoria. In subsequent articles we shall describe some of these tests, but our pres- ent intention is to take Mrs. Rising as a representative teacher of spiritualism and to give a brief sketch of her history and her statement of the operations of the spirit world. Mrs. Rising, then, is Scotch by birth, and speaks with a strong native accent. She impresses one very favorably. Well-dressed, well- spoken, quiet and self-possessed, there are no outward visible signs of that vul- garity which accompanies imposture often- times, and, indeed, nothing whatever to distinguish her from hundreds of other educated, comfortable, and placid women. She neither gives one the impression of being a person with an aggressive mission or of a clever trickster. She may be an extremely astute person gifted with the art of finding out things by special ways, she may be self-deluded, she may be subject to delusions, but ninety-nine persons out of a hundred would not suppose so on a first introduction to her, and we are doubtful whether even the hundredth would not set her down as being a sincere and single- minded (using that term in its mundane sense) woman. This being so, Mrs. Rising naturally offers a very fair field for the experimentalists, and as we candidly ad- mitted that we wanted information for the Press, the following may be taken as a correct outline of her career and profession. Mrs. Rising, as we have said, is Scotch, and was from childhood possessed of that gift which is known more particularly in that country as second sight, which may likewise be construed as clairvoyancy, or, as the spiritualists would put it, the seeing of spirits. She possessed the faculty in common with her mother and sister, and "saw visions"—i.e., forms in the air in- tangible and invisible to the ordinary eye, but she took no particular notice of it, and as time went by she married and buried her husband, and laid her children also in the grave. One of the first things to awaken her belief in communication with the spirit- land was the question whether she should return from Australia to Scotland. Her friends advised her to remain here, but she simply left the question open until she re- ceived what she conceived to be an impulse or direction from some power beyond her- self, and went. Time passed on and she was induced to visit a spiritualistic seance, but to her surprise, as the "medium'"spoke of spirit friends being present, she saw them with her own eyes—saw them, recognised them, spoke to them, until the circle recog- nised that thc new sitter was a powerful medium herself. Still she fought against a belief in spiritualism and refused even to examine its pretensions lest she should be led to believe it. But little tests which were made convinced her of its truth, and this was turned to absolute confirmation when at a seance her old Scotch minister, Dr. Johnson, was "materialised," or in other words made manifest in the flesh to her. She was afraid for a time, to speak, but she touched his hand, and it was flesh; touched his coat, and it was real cloth; and then tremblingly she said to him, "Am I in thc right path, doctor?" and he said "Yes," and bade her go on. From that time she has been a medium and her "control"— the spirit who takes control of her—is the same Dr. Johnson, a lineal relative of the eminent lexicographer. Such is the story of Mrs. Rising as told by her to our repre- sentative. Leaving for the time being the matter of tests and the doctrine which spiritualists believe, let us touch upon the manifesta- tions of the denizens of the spirit world. Mrs. Rising states that she is enabled to see the spirit form of any person with whom she is brought into contact. Every person has, according to her, two bodies— a material body known and recognised in the world as John Smith or Tom Brown, etc., and a spirit body in connection with it, but only visible to other spirits and to persons whose mediumistic powers have been developed. This spirit form therefore seems to be identical with the "astral body" of the Theosophists. But Mrs. Ris- ing says she cannot, of her own volition, speak or communicate with these spirit forms, nor can she see what is passing at a distance, what has happened, or what is to happen. But her spirit puts itself into communication with other disembodied spirits, and instructs her what to say. She is in fact an automatom, an instru- ment through which the spirits speak. Now what evidence is there—leaving the medium referred to entirely out of the ques- tion—of the existence of spirits floating around in the air or even of the spirit forms of our own selves. Most people like to believe that their dead friends are near and watch- ing over them, and millions of pictures have shown us angels—from the fat little cherub with only a head and a pair of wings up to the stately Archangel Gabriel in all the dignity of a Roman toga and a pair of anatomically useless pinions— guarding earth's children. But these latter are so palpably painters' fancies that they are absolutely worthless as evidence. Per- sonally, we confess to never having seen a spirit, or even to having encountered a ghost respectable or disrespectable, though we have lived in haunted houses, have our- selves haunted a cemetery at midnight, and have sat down in a calm and solemn mood and tried to conjure up the form of a spirit. Still "what we haven't seen" goes for nothing. The pyramids of Egypt, we believe, exist, though we do not happen to have seen them, and it is quite possible that there are "more things in heaven and earth" than our experience has taught us. We believe that the only attempt to exhibit spirit forms in some definite and tangible way to the outside world is by means of photographs, usually some ordin- ary sitter with a shadowy figure behind it. Imposition has been very rife in this respect, and we should have little hesita- tion in pronouncing many of these which we have seen as glaring attempts at trickery. But here is the testimony of an experienced writer and clear observer, the Rev. H. B. Haweis, the minister of St. James', Marylebone, London, and author of "Music and Morals" and many other well-known works. "The camera has no fancies; the sensi- tive plate has no imagination. There is some reason to think that abnormal photo- graphs are not uncommon. Many photo- graphers are in the habit of casting aside plates after partial development because they have what they call a fault—that is, a blur, or marks obscuring or occupying portions of the plate. I heard the other day of a young lady who was photographed at Brighton, I believe, and twice the plate came out blurred. The second time she persuaded the photographer, who was about to lay it aside as useless, to develop it. The blurs, on being examined with a mag- nifier, proved to be faces, all the same face. She at once recognised it as the face of a rejected lover, who had died. Again, some young men were photographing a river scene in the open air; the plate, when de- veloped, showed a human body floating on the surface, which had certainty escaped the photographers' attention if it was visible; but the young men were per- suaded that nothing of the sort was there. These are samples of innumerable similar stories, which, like the apples in a Cana- dian orchard, may be picked up in large quantities by any interested wayfarer. To me they suggest this question, May not a surface more chemically sensitive than the human retina be able to receive impres- sions of things really objective but to us invisible? The answer, of course, is, Cer- tainly. It has been done and is done daily by astronomers. De la Rue and Higgins by dry-plate long exposure have photo- graphed thousands of stars whose light no telescope, however powerful, has been able to reveal to the human eye. Yet these stars had registered themselves distinctly enough on the sensitive plate. Here is a curious fact. The other day an old ship was lying at Sheerness; it was under re- pair, and painted all over black. The name which had been in white on the bows had been completely painted out, and was quite invisible to the naked eye. A photographer happened to include the ship in a photo- graph he was taking, and lo! the name came out on the plate! I am not chemist enough to speculate on the explanation. I am only concerned with the view that the human eye could not see it, but the sensi- tive plate recorded it. So "there may be more things," etc., as Shakespeare hath it. My friend, General Taylor, supplied me with an interesting photograph taken of a brother officer of his, who visited incog. a photographer, when the form of his brother, eight years dead, came out on the plate. He had but one photograph of his brother locked away in his trunk at home. I have had the opportunity of comparing the photo from the life with that of the dead, and the likeness is clearly recognisable, though the expression of the ghost's face is painful." (To be Continued next Saturday) 