PARLIAMENT AT WORK. THE FIRST BILL PASSED. CIVIL SERVICE RETRENCHMENT. The sun shone through the windows of the Assembly Chamber oil Tuesday after noon when the Speaker took the chair, but this did hot have much influence in brightening the proceedings, while at times, and especially when the Supply Bill was under discussion, there seemed to be a considerable amount of darkness in the braiiiB of honorable members. Ministers were all early in their places, as was also Sir John Downer. Mr. Grainger, Mr. Moule, and Mr Solomon, too, who all appear anxious to be considered leaders of the Opposition, were punctual in their attendance aad most active in their criticisms during the afternoon. The general public did not take much interest in the doings of the House, although the "ghosts of deceased jurymen" again gathered in the space above the clock, while there were a few visitors in the Speaker's galleries. The first question was put by Mr. Grainger, and it had reference to the cable in The Advertiser stating that the Australian Auxiliary Squad ron was likely to be detached for service in Siam. He wished to know if the Premier had heard anything oflicially about the matter. Mr. Kingston answered in the negative, and playfully pointed out that the information came through America. This roused the Republican soul 'of the gentleman who com bines in his own proper person the important functions of Government Whip and member for the United State3, and he asked whether the message did nob originally come from London. "Oh, well," said the Premier, "ib had something American about it." Mr. Brooker elicited thab last financial year the deficiency on tho Estimates was £179,431, while the excesses on votes were £21,770, so that the total leeway was £201,200. The Trea surer coined a new word when he told Mr. Caldwell that there was a high "prohibit ative" duty on fruit; but Mr, Gillen kept to the conventional path when, being asked an awkward question concerning the Mining Bill, he required Mr. Grainger to give notice. Before the business of tlie day wa3 called on Mr. MePheraon rose to make a personal explanation in respect to the bond entered into for the due completion of the contract entered into with the railway department by Messrs. Douglas and Gatley. Mr. Solomon called the attention of the Speaker to the faeb thab he had a question on the notice paper relating to the same subject, but it was ruled thab Mr. Mcpherson mighb proceed unless somebody objected, and as no one took this extreme course the member for East Adelaide con tinued that he had cousulted the Railway Com missioners before signing the bond, and that he was informed that he was doing nothing that had not been done before, thab ha was asking no favor, and putting himself under no obliga tion. He was also assured that the tenderers were receiving no undue . advantage. All these statements were punctuated with cheers. Sir John Downer accepted the assurance that Mr. McPhersoa had acted in good faith, and with no desire to do harm or to create a precedent, while he was sure the House was of the same opinion. Here there was affirmative applause. Still he thought all would agree that such a course should nob ba taken again. Later on, in replying to a question on the notice-paper the Commissioner of Public Works said in deciding that no bonds should be accepted in the future the Government had reversed the previous practice. Mr. Archibald gave notice that he will ask to-day whether the Hon. J. L. Stirling and the Hon A. M. Simpson have not in tho past been accepted as bondsmen for the due performance of certain contracts. Before the Supply Bill was reached Mr. Poynton complained that his name had been omitted from the division-list on tbo second reading of the Butter Bonus Bill last Thursday, although he was present -and voted with the " Ayes." The Speaker informed the House that thejname was given in "Votes and Proceedings." but this statement proved to be inaccurate. The clerk of the Iiouee informs us thab "MrPoynton's name did not appear in the official list reported by the tellers on tli9 second reading; of the Butter Bonus Biil on Thursday last." It appears that Dr. Cockburn did not notice the member for Flinders, who was hidden behind a pillar, and as the counting was done very hurriedly because of tno nearness to the adjournment hour, bis name"'v.'as left out altogether. How ever, Mr. Poynton has now secured greater attention to the side he took on the matter re ferred to than if the omission had not occurred. Before the House adjourned the Speaker, who is always studiously fair, explained that Mr. Poyuton's name did nob appear cm the official list of the division, and that tbe "Hansard" reporters were not to blame. The omission was inadvertent, he said, and he would see that it was rectified. By message the Legislative Council announced its agreement with the Bill im posing light dues in the Northern Territory, which has thus the distinction of being the first 'measure to get safely through the four teenth Parliament. Just before half-past 2 Mr. Play ford stepped out into the open space at the end of the Ministerial bench in order to have freer scope to move the second reading of the Supply Bill for £400,000 for the quarter ending in September. It was the intention of the Government, he said, in their reductions to treat officers on the pro. and tern, staff and those on the fixed list exactly alike. " They are not on the same footing," said Mr. Handyside, the reply being "They are all on the same footing as servantsof the public." Mr. Playford went on to say that there were only (581 officers on the fixed list, while more than S,000 were on the pro. and tem. staff.'.; "You are making a bad excuse," commented Mr. Handy side; "It is absolute repudiation," added Mr. Solomon; and "You are doubly reducing them by taking away their inoreases," con tinued Mr. Castine. "We are doing nothing of the sort," said Mr. Playford, answering the last interjection only, and he continued that to-morrow he will bring down a Bill dealing with the whole question, so that the Legislative Council may deal with it. The whole savings on the Estimates of the Downer Government were £75,000, to which £20,000 had been added, including £15.000 for main roads. The reduction in Civil Service salaries and increases will amount to £12,000, while allowances to the extent of £1,500 will also be cut off. _ Mr. Solomon, although dis avowing any desire to embarrass the Govern ment, objected that the stoppage of inoreases would seriously affect men with small salaries. Mr. Grainger protested against the introduction of debateable matters of prin ciple into a Supply Bill, as the House should be untrammelled in its consideration. Mr. Ash and Mr. Caldwell took substantially the same view, while Mr. Poynton also confessed that he did not under stand what the Government were attempting to do. The Premier said evidently a number of members were in the dark, and h6 was quite willing to explain for the benefit of those who desire enlightenment. The salaries could not h9 paid without a Supply Bill, and the Go vernment did not wish Civil servants to draw more than the amount to which it was pro posed to reduce them till the House had decided on the suggested retrenchments. A Bill relating to public salariea would be intro duced on Thursday. "Why not introduce it first ?" asked Mr. Castine, the reply being that it would be brought down at the earliest possible date, but the clause in tbe Supply Bill would avoid the necessity of asking Civil servants for a recoup. Mr. McPherson asked whether exemption from the loss of increases would be made in the case of officers getting less than £150 a year, and the Treasurer answered in the negative. Mr. Moule objected to the action of the Govern ment, but !Mr. Bnrgoyne, although agreeing that "an extreme and unwarrantable course" was being taken, promised to vote for the second reading. Mr. Homburg said in com mittee he would seek to amend the Bill so as to make it apply to all public salaries, and after Messrs. Butler and MoDonald had spoken, the second reading was carried, after a debate which had lasted for eighty minutes. In committee the first clause which deals with the " issue and application of £400,000" was passed without comment, but the second clause, the side line of which is "Pay ments not to exceed last year's Estimates," caused a lot of talk. After a few minutes' discussion Mr. Ash moved to insert "except so far as such rates are modified by the Civil Service Act of 1S74." At times the debate grew very warm. Eor instance, Mr. Downer pointed out that in 18S6 the Attorney General and the Treasurer had adopted a dif ferent course to that of to-day, and said he didn't know how long it took them to change their minds. "There are a good many things you don't know," said the Attorney-General significantly. Just afterwards Mr. Moule accused the Treasurer of losiDg his tsmper, while Mr. Grainger severely blamed the Go vernment for taking such an extraordinary eourse to save a paltry £230. The Premier considered that it would be unfair to reduce one class of . officers while othera were receiving increases, while in reply to a question from Mr. Hague, he said ho hoped tbe Givil servants would be restored to their normal position next year. " They won't, though," said Mr. Moule ; while another member asked, " Suppose you can't do it." "Then we won't," was the decisive reply. Then, turning on Mr. Downer, the head of the Government went on to say that from the height of immaculatenesa some members looked down upon any alterations of opinion on the part of others, Btill it so happened that in 1SS6 Mr. Downer had taken an exactly opposite course to that adopted by him that day. "People in glass houses," said Mr. Castine, "should not throw stones." " Then you had better get rid of your little catapult," wa3 the retort of the Premier; and the member for Wooroora re minded Mr. Kingston that David had shin Goliath with the instrument named, and that he was ready, as the little David of the last Ministry, to have a shot at the Goliath now in oflice if oircumstances rendered it necessary. Laughter and cheers greeted this announce ment. Mr. Castine went on to charge the Government with inconsistency. He said when the Premier camo down with a blooming rose in his buttonhole to announce the policy he promised that Civil servants receiving less than £150 should not be touched, and yet now he proposed to take away their increases. Mr. Burgoyne hereupon moved as an amendment that the clause should not affeot salaries now under £120 a year. Mr. Grainger asked that the amendment should be withdrawn, and offered to assist in suspending the standing orders and to sit all night if the Government would at once bring in the Bill they had promised deal ing with the whole question. Just about here a hot wind arose. Mr. Kingston made a plea that the deductions should be authorised at the outset in the Supply Bill, and Mr. Moule protested on behalf of the Legislative Council against an alteration of policy being included in such a measure. He began, "I do not do so from party issuesbut was interrupted by a very loud "Ahem !" and Mr. McPhersonsaid "You don't mean that." To this Mr. Moule answered loftily that when the honorable member for East Adelaide had been a little longer in the House he would recognise that a matter of principle wa3 involved in a debate of this kind. Mr. McPherson laughed scornfully and Mr. Archibald said "You are only wasting time." This produced the retort that unless a matter affected Port Adelaide it had no interest for that member, and Mr. Moula then proceeded to repeat his former arguments. "We have heard all that before," expostulated Mr. McPherson, and the reply was—" Then you had better hear it again, as you don't understand it." " We are not so dense a3 some members," protested Mr. McPherson. "But you show it more," said Mr. Moule. Here Mr. Price lost his patience, and in stentorian voice called out from the other side of the chamber, " Don't waste time; the country is sick of this sort of thing." Everyone turned round to look at the loud interjectcr, and the Chairman mildly inter posed with a cry of "Order!" while Mr. Jenkins whispered a few words of good tempered warning, although the sense of the committee was entirely with the member for Sturt. " Why don't you divide and have done with it?" asked another labor member; and Mr. Moule. replied, "It is necessary to let some members know what they are voting about." "Wo shall not learn much by you," asserted Mr. Archibald, and there was considerable laughter, which was' fanned into a roar when Mr. Grainger, on whose side Mr. Moule had been fighting, ungratefully got up to express the opinion that that member was doing much to injure the cause he was advocating. Mr. Archibald, with the fervor of a genuine reformer, expressed astonishment that the older members of the House did not show a better example to the new men. "Why not say you don't believe the Government, if you won't accept their assurances ?" he said indignantly. Mr. Ash mildiy suggested that it was possible to disagree with the Government without imputing un truth to them. He warned the Premier it was dangerous to taok the obnoxious clause to the Supply Bill, and said that if there was any waste of time the Govern ment were responsible for it. Mr. Butler jumped up and moved that " the committee do now divide," but Mr. Ash, who was con sulting a paper, turned and said quietly—''You can't while I am on my legs." Mr. Grainger objected to Mr. Archibald Betting himself on a higher pedestal than his fellow members and giving them lectures on propriety. It was in his power to move that a division be taken. There had not been any stonewalling that afternoon, he said. Stonewalling consisted in making long speeches of nine hours' duration. Here the glances of members concentrated on Mr. Castine, who smiled proudly. _ After Sir John Downer, in the interest of consistency, had supported the action of the Government, Mr. Burgoyno's amendment was put and lost with out a division, but Mr. Ash compelled mem bers to take sides on his amendment. The result was that 36 voted against him, while Messrs. Burgoyne, Castine, Caldwell, H. E. Downer, Griffiths, Grainger, Hague, Moule, Riddoch, and Solomon crossed the floor with him. Then the clause passed. When clause 3 was reached Mr. Homburg moved to make the reductions apply to all public salaries, but both Mr. Grainger and the Premier prot63ted against any interference with the judges, urging Mr. Homburg to with draw the amendment. " Let us stick to the well-trodden path and not attempt to travel over an invisible track through a jungle of wrongnes3 which has only been traversed twice. _ Lei us vote against the clausealtogether," advisedMr. Ash. Mr. Homburg failed to see why any distinc tion should be made because a lew headstrong gentlemen desired to be exempt, while others submitted voluntarily to the retrenchment. "Would you reduce the Governor's salary?" was asked. "Certainly," was the reply, " for his Excellency the Governor had told the late Premier that if there was to be a general reduction of salaries he did not wish to stand out." "He is going away," was the dis courteous interjection of Mr. Grainger, to which Mr. Homburgreplied, "Not to-morrow or the next day," while he continued that no others objected he hoped that the judges would nob be allowed to exercise discretion in the matter. "Oh, the Civil servants seem to regard the Bill as a boon," said Mr. Ash, sarcastically, although he was inclined to the belief that it was case of "Don't shoot, I'll comedown." The amendment was lost on the voices, Mr. Hom burg alone calling " aye." Mr. Grainger thSn moved to strike out the minimum exemption "£150" but, forcing a division, he was beaten by 37 votes to 10. his companions being Sir J. W. Downer, Messrs. Ash, Castine, Cald well, H. E. Downer, Gilbert, McLachlan, Rand ell, and Short. There wa3 not com munity of thought among the ten, how ever, for whereas Mr. Grainger wished to increase the amount to £200, Sir John Downer desired to decrease it to £100. Mr. Castine thought a 10 per cent, reduction on salaries above £000 was not sufficient, and moved to substitute 15 per cent. "Make it 20," suggested Mr. Wood, and "I wouldn't object to that," said the member for Wooroora. Later on, in severe rebuke of a flippant remark from that gentleman, he asked that the Government whip would en deavor to follow his argument. "I do try," said Mr. Jenkins plaintively, "but it is very difficult sometimes." Being beaten Mr. Castine called for.a division, but withdrew the demand at the request of tha Premier. Mr. Ash, however, wa3 not so amenable to persuasion and, pressing his opposi tion to the clause, wa3 defeated by 34 votes to 10. The same member then resuscitated a previous point that the enaoting clause of a Bill should be put as the preamble, and despite a protest from Mr. Homburg it was decided by the chairman that thi3 should be done in future. On the title being put Mr. Moule objected that it did not agree with the olauses, but the chairman ex pressed himself as being satisfied in the matter, and the Bill having been reported the same objection was raised for the decision of the Speaker, who ruled that the Bill was per fectly regular. The standing orders were then suspended, maugre a protest from Mr. Ash, and the third reading being carried the measure went along to the Council. It was now nearly a quarter-past 0, but the consideration of the Butter Bonus Bill was resumed in committee, and the first clause was carried. At clause 2, however, Mr. Castine was on his feet with a complaint against the alteration made in the measure, and he sub scribed to a confession of faith to the effect that he would sooner see the Bill wrecked than passed in its present form. He talked the committee perilously near the adjournment hour, having apparently lost sight of the fact that he has the privilege of speaking as often as ho could catch the Chairman's eye on each clause. He was prepared to sit. late, he said, and "!5q are we," came heartily from a large section of the members, but the loyal desire for work was not gratified, and progress was reported at 6.25 p.m. In reply to a question from Mr. Moule it was stated that the Butter Bonus and Land Values Assessment Bills will be dealt with before the second reading of the Crown Lands Bill is moved, while presumably the Publio Salaries Bill will also have precedence of it. Before the House rose the following motions, both in the name of Mr. GraiDger, were agreed to :— That an address be presented to his Excel lency the Governor praying his Excellency to forward to this House a copy of all letters ad dressed to the Imperial authorities in connec tion with the appointment of the Chief Justice a3 Lieutenant Governor," and I Tbat there be laid upon the table of this House a copy of all correspondence between the Government and Mr. Justice Bundey in connection with the appointment of the Chief Justice as acting-Governor." At 6.26 p.m. the House adjourned till to day. 