SO-CALLED_ SCHISM. TO THE EDIT0B. Sir—It would be well for the Rev. Mr. Stokes, of the Anglican Church, to write temperately. It is useless to sling foolish words and thin£ it is argument to accuse me of " displaying ignorance of the Bible," or of using ''naiftruths," or of making many " misleading statements." I leave others to judge. The one glaring example he quotes from my sermon is that of Matthias. I said it cannot be proven that he was appointed by the laying on of hands. Mr. Stokes, to prove that Matthias had special apostolic authority, says that it came upon him " by the visible descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost." Why did he not say that that descent was upon "all who were with one aocord in one plana" The " all" doubtless included the 120 mentioned in the preceding chapter. Women were among the number. Peter said that it was the fulfilment of a prophecy. That he speaks of " sons and daughters" shows that it was not special to a Matthias. Ah, the case of Matthias is still a trouble to Mr. Stokes. He does not care to think that he may after all only trace his own supposed priestly authority to a Matthias. He may also be perplexed to prove that Ananias, who went to speak words of life to Paul, had himself been appointed hp "laying on of hands." And he may be still further perplexed about those four daughters of tte evangelist Philip who prophesied or preached. Were they ordained by the laying on of hands ? Come, Mr. Stokes, answer; but next time avoid accusing me of "using half-truths." I really seek truth, and if I could be assured from the holy word that only those who are in the Anglican priesthood have authority to preach I would seek that authority. But there is a loftier authority than that given by any Bishop. It is the inward voice of God in the soul. As Mr. Stokes admits that it cannot ba proved that the Apostles themselves were appointed by the laying on of hands, it is probable that whenever they practised it they did so in harmony with a prevailing Jewish custom. This is not absolutely necessary for authority to preaoh or declare the willingness of God to forgive sins under the^ Christian dispensation. It is a very weak w isition that such as Mr. Stokes occupies. it were a sure one he ought logically to makehaste to secure reconciliation to the Roman communion. Alas, however, he and others will persist in regarding all teachers who differ from them as being unauthorized, or as the Precentor of the Cathedral in his sermon of last Sunday evening would class us as religious rebels. I am, Sir. &c.;, ? FRED HASTINGS. North Adelaide, February 4. 