^L^@kl^h ' - And,' with its eVerlastin'if claok, ' : . ???'.: .Set«Umek'»«anui- ott.tue;*tt«k.'— ' ' ? ....,;,., ?.??,?.!!, ; . . :l i / PJ(P*»IUte. The Muckory staff is now in full training to tiring out the penny daily as a ' Dead Bird' of particularly high flavor, to wit the following, .under date September 5 : — 'About Dogs. — Among the miscellaneous items, jto: which the:-Oity Council had' its attention drawn yesterday iafternoon, was that of doge. The particular topic was a lettoroptno tenunjno gender: of tue canjne. speoibB as found in Hobart streets. 'Tie writer bping particularly struck with, the peculiar ana even improper behaviour of several animals.' Perhaps such puerility is' very ninny, but it requires the bald headed senile wit of Lynx of tho Wail to discern it. Possibly the writer is the same young wan that got into troublo through firing off similar funnyism into the un willing ear of the barmaid. 'Johnnies' are addicted to such jokes. The girl's brother happened to bo about, and there was a sequel. Heads of families had better take tho news of tho day from the organ of ? tho Divine Sara. ' His baok is turned to 'Knotty,' for she bas irot tliereiuB— Poor old inn's not in.it, so suffers many pains— Tbe cheesy horse is guily i-pauked, the pace it in a duster. 'With arm .encircled, around her waist comei our 11 Billy Buster.' Sore!), 1893. The zeal of the Salvation Army, in the person of one of their soldiers, named Mitchell, was fined to the tnno of 20s. find costs, or in default 14 days, for holding forth in the bar of the Victoria Hotel. The young man had a very nice gold watch. TJiat is to say sometimes he had it and Bometimeo he didn't, for he was a young man who was not always nhead of the deal. On this occasion he had it, and when the nice old gent, to whom he was talking for a job, asked him what time it was he pulled it out to see. ' That's a nice watch you have, ' said the old one. ' Yes' remarked the young' one; 'I am quite iroudof it, 'and he handed it over to be inspected. Tho old one looked it over and passed it back. ' That watch ii a credit to you, eir, ' he said, for the old one it rep resented so much saved and so much ability to save. J'Yes, ' responded the young one nbsentmindedly, ' it has been a credit to me more times than one,' and visions of three golden balls flitted through his mind. The Mayor informed the Council that when he led the long-haired temperance advoeafa tbroueh ths nubs of Hobart on bhat memorable Saturday evening ha found nothing to take exception to. Contrast fchifl' statement with the hysterical yell of tho temperance fanatic, who told the audience at the Temperance Hall the next evening that at most of the places visited the scenes he witnessed were so Appalling that if his hearers had only a faint imagina tion of them each one would straightway sign the pledge. Hera we have two 'great' mon giving independent opinions on a simultaneous, visit paid to. the public housos . of the city, but we prefer the Mayor'B. Aj-dejima.n Csisr says that he takes a little wine for his stomach's sako. Alfy never Allows his internal arrangements to get out of order. Alderman Hidulestonk objected to Alderman Crisp calling teetotallers '-sx- tromists.' Alderman Watchom was under tha impression that '' extremist ' wa£ a very appropriate title. THE SOUP KITOHKN GHOST. There wac something wrong A.t the ii'cstaurant When the children came for their soup, For a ghost had been seen That was ghostly and lean : And it rattled itn bones and tupp -d ou the stones, And frightened the girls—and wns loBt iu tho whirls Of. the steam that curled up from the sonp tureens, When tbe mutton hyd&ted; and goose tiiat was fatted Made havoc at night in their dreams. So the Spiritists Bat Aud ctiey gat it quite pat That a murder most foul must ha spotted. And they dug up the stones and turned up Rome hones That were skull. like aud rib-Jilte aui Bv'mo-Uke and arm-like— And Bravely pronounced that the poor ghost de nounced Had been buried at niglit uft«r desperate fight With a hullet and luurpna, aud uow ou its bare piim Wandere i and frolicked at night. And when it wan knowu That a skeleton hone Was on view at the constables' quarters, The people throned deep an ! prouoimced'tunt a sheep Hod once owned the bones fouud uurier the stones That were levered and lifted to find where hud drifted The romains of the nhost that wae seen l-y a host Of the girls that felt oreew ua.i went la bed sleepy After Hupping on negus aud toaet. CLYDE VOLTS. Police Centralisation Bill is the topic of the day. Little Simon trotting round as usual, getting sig natures opposing it. I wuuder whether it willlmrt him f We don't thiuk bo. Too u«eful to the ]?at Men. Scene I. Little Simon and Big Tommy at hotel, wetting thoir neck aud trying to got the snak-i juice Bel'er to sign paper against tho o«utralisntion. He demurs, being in favor of tho reform. Hasty departure of Little Siiaou and Big Tommy, after strapping the S.J.S. Scene II. Slough office. BigToiumy strutting like a toff. Snake Jtiiee Slinger appears. Big T. : Bt the way landlord, upon referring to my book I find you haven't put up your stuff for your billiard license. We Uavc been very leuieut. It wont be so whea Centralisation comos in. S.J.S. signs and departs— without, pnyiuic his lioense. Scene III. Next day. Bis T. : Hey landlord, saw me korf. Hey, glass of hale. Don't tall tho lnyn. Big Tommy strftppcl him f--r the aaitke juioe. BiB Btd« hunt lint Saturday at Squrre, with a goo I muiter present. Big Bii, Cheap C joky Miu rice, and Major wsll mounts : but the fauces wjro too stiff -ar tho icjiko juke. Hc*vy ' S'Hiill-i ' on t,!ie town-.hip n\ -nt 1% oliil drcn, aud Btill more tlmuiorln the air. i His Woijsiup the.Wj^xob went, through the ppi/onnanoe or«6ting toejleek- aftJBfon iay'fi' ineeWg of the City Council'. A report waa hfrpngrht tip by the; ?olfce,^!qi|i^ m'ittoo signed ' Gf. S. .Crouch, Mayor,' condemning -the; Indiscreet- iacoiin1 'of the Mayop . in .pilotfng a . temperance^ ojank, arbimd $g pvbljchouEes of t§e city,Cfi\j sing J much annoyance atad ii- ritatipn to tljo ,P,ft)-T'o |ioans.. ? ? ? ' i '?'? 'i r . Rawm, the Maori evingelist, is'to agpeBf it the Temperance Hall,.bii-Monday, Tum-~ Jay and 'Thursday nights. A rich treat of sweet music- and spiirkUmj-iyit^afcromiJBd. ! The uHmmotir^ombin^tfon of jEl&sfcpiQ.;,, Marvels are to open theirBeason on! Mon- ? day evening in the Theatre Royal, and theatre-goers will havo a bill placed before them composed of marvels and miuistrelsy, : and Mdin. Carina juggling on tho wire : rope, and for tho first time in Tasmania will be witnessed the Slide for Life. A piano wire being stretched from the dome to the back of the stage. The artistes and artists include old favorites as well as new ones. '. The appointment of Pr. Pel*ny, .-of' Pallarat, as coadjutor to tho R.C. Arch bishop of Hobart, iB embarrassing, financi ally. The hospitable archbishop's fixed annual income is only X600, being pprtion of interest on the State-aid-comniutation gram ; lie gets beside about -£200 from -n:irria-re licences. Ho could thus 111 afford to share his salary with his coadjutor. It is generally belieyed that a way out of the .. difficulty will be found by calling on Dean Woods, tho present parish priest of St. Joseph's, who has been an invalid for many years, to resign his parish. — Bulletin. yfhen Mrs. Langtry paid a visit to Notf mnrkot for tho mooting in June, she told her maid -x- take rooms for her at that noted house, the Bull Hotel, Cambridge. ; The maid, mistaking her orders, wont to the Bull at Newmarket, which is n farmer'* . house pure end simple. It is uncertain.:, which was tho most astonished,' 'The ' Lily,' when aho saw her bucolic quarters, . . or the boat, Robert Jacobs, himself. The Spring meeting of the A J;C. takes place to-day. For the A..T.C. Derby' the ? Sportsman tips Projectile or Pulril.and for the Spring Stakos Paris or Creinorne. Stepniak pr Donation are voted the good things for the Metrop., to be run on Tues day next. Programme for Hobart Pony, Galloway, and Trotting Association for the September meeting, to be held on Saturday 30th inst.i appears in another column. There are five . events, tho nominations close on We .'nesday next, at 8 p.m., with the hon. sec., MV. S, Robertson, 34 Eliiabeth-st., and the Imndi- . caps declared ou Saturday next. '.' V ? 