DELORAINE, His Grace Archbishop Murphy, who reached Deloraine on Friday last, and has since been the guest of Father Walab, ad ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation yesterday at the Church of the Holy Redeemer. The sacred edifice was crowded by what was probably the largest congre gation that has yet assembled within its walls-a very large number of non-Roman Catholics being noticeable amongst those present. The Archbishop, who was assisted in the ceremony by the Very Rev.Dean Con nell and Rev. Father Walsh, addressed the children; of whom there were about 100 of both sexes, and after expressing his gratification at their proficiency in the knowledge of Christian doctrine, explained the nature of the Sacrament they were about to receive, which being done worthily would make them strong and perfect Christians, and enable them to lea? such lives in this world as would fit them for the great one for which they were created. He- impressed upon them the necessity of cherishing a strong and perfect faith, un shaken and undoubted, without which good work counted for little. After the cere mony proper, his Grace again addressed the children, reminding them that they were commemorating that memorable Pentecost day of nearly 1900 years ago, when the Apostles were confirmed by the descent of the Holy Ghost upon them. He concluded an eloquent' discourse by exhorting them to put in practice the lessone inculcated during the last few weeks. Addressing the congregation, his Graci congratulated the Roman Catholics of the district on having such a fine church free of debt, which would be when completed the handsomest church in the colony, if not in Australia. It was, he said, a fitting monument to the zeal of their excellent paster, Father Walsh, as well as to their own generosity. He was also delighted to hear that the formation of the new convent was also commenced. During his visit the Archbishop inspected the site and plan of new convent, and expressed his approbation of the same. His Grace, whoappears to be in excellent health, resumes his journey to Latrobe this morn ing May 15. 