PARS PITHILY PUT/' That Taxing 1 Budget. Hon ey . ' . .. Wanted. ( _ Taxes o n Everything Imported, Babes and. Soglisb doaes Only excepted, Income Tax. Patience *»*?. Late Arons1 iwill. i *i The Full Court won't Yet another portrait More political changes. Municipal overdrafts. Blind Institute concerts. Garter's political -budget' ' Depression won't budge yet Mr. G. T. Clarke on wood. Baby farmiog at Prahran. More of Spiritualism to-day. Another portrait next Saturday* Tbe last nights of Bland Holt. Prahran coancfl Jneets on -Monday. Measles epidemic simmering down. - P.S.A.A. in the cause of charity. Cr.Fnrneaux anti-temperance motion. Order of the Golden Legion ooming Blong. A decided debt-raiment —'an nnpaid for suits Oar Local Societies column taking on well. Prahmn m&Toral; return ball -next Fridav evening. War imminent between Gaul field and 8t Kilda. Several items crowded oat of this morn ing's issue. Saints: play Footscray to-day on the local gtound. Invitation night at ihe St. Kilda AN.A. next Tuesday. Tbe theatres of -London employ over 12,000 people. Christ Church art exhibition at St. Kilda proving a success. We gave an interesting illustrated issue on Wednesday last. Chemical analysis does not show the | tears in a pint ot whisky. ttalfern council last Monday evening. Bosiness roulibe as a rule. Tbe Saints footballers still lead ib that j cigarette trophycOmpetition. j Jimmy Thomson not in quod yet Got I till Tuesday to say bis prayers. 1 Final instalment of oar present series of i articles on Spiritaalism to-day. The sovereign yob borrow somehow never seems jso large as the one yoa lend. Several young limbs of .the law called to the bar— not thirsty weather, either. 'Mr. Reginald Cbalmera ttelly, a young Prahran legal Hmb, called to the bar. f,.Cr., Bohinson, of Malvern, wants tbe Board of Works expenditure ont «3own, ? Another special night' with the Toorak and Booth Yarra Try boye next Monday. No British Sovereign baB vetoed a Par liamentary Bill during the past 185 years. (1m .Tporb anil fVinnihnm ronnuanlivl HI Kilda at the short-bread conference yester day. » Dr. Maloney is a oandidate for the Vic torian governorship at a salary of £1000 a year. The Pope elected president of the English Wesleyan Conference — the Bev. Henry Pope, we may add. 11 F. McD's ' political effusion, ' Poorer than tbe Poor,1' will be inserted in oar i Ed Ue of Wednesday nefct. Seats may be booked in advance at Glen's for the forthcoming series of concerts in aid of tbe Blind Institute. 'Get home by tea time, John,' versos ' We won*t go home till morning,' at tbe Prahran council on Monday. The weekly edition of the London Timet baa been added to the list of newspapers at the Prahran public library. St. Kilda cemetery getting overcrowded and variout denominations unpleasantly mixed, acoording to Cr. Kelly. David Wilson, of Black Flat, Malgrave, is insolvent. Liabilities, £40 4s. Id.; assets £1 ISs. ; deficiency, £38 lis. Id. Why that excited deolamation regarding tbe electric light al the corncr of Glenferrie and Malvem-roads, Or. Nicbolls ? Because Cr. Farneaux can keep away from the whisky bottle in the evenings, i does he think all men above proof I ' -Jr. j£ius, of Prahran, does mot intend to j ' abandon municipal life and will be a can- 1 didate for the Prahran ward next month. ; First of the series of high class concerts In aid of the Blind Institute takes place at the Ormond Hall on Thursday evening next Photographer : 'Now, madam, a pleasant expression, please.' Son-in-law (in the baOk ground) a ' Whew 1 I mast not miss this!' Doctors and inspectors disagree in a remarkable manner as to the noxiousness or otherwise of those galvanising works in St. Kflda. Tbe choir of All Saints' Church, St. Hilda, will take part in a grand Masonic choral service at 8outh Melbourne to morrow afternooni Most men of .learning sigh for the title of 'Professor' or 'Doctor;' T-uta woman, after wedlock, is content with the more modest degree of MA. A verdict of wilful murder was returned at the inquest held on Tuesday on tbe remains of the infant found in a reserve at East St Kilda last week. It is gratifying to learn, on the authority of Cr. Munro, that the Board of Works arc casting about for a retrenchment scheme Anyone got one to lend, please. Messrs. Skinner, (chairman), J. .Turner, H. Bossies, IL tf. Gooch, T. Hornblower, J.,Finlay and A, Hicbell, J*a.P. constituted the Prahran bench on Thursday. Cr. Kelly.^omplains of 'over-crowding ' at the St Kilda cemetery— a deputation of ghosts Is about to Wait upon the St Kilda conndl about the inqpnvenience. , . Four cases of scarlet fever -reported at St Kilda duriqg . the last fortnight, , typhoid being ;notcd for its absence— number of thousands of measles prevalent not stated. The Board of Works has made satisfac tory. financial arrangement® by wbioh it will be enable to carry on work in spite of the comparative failure of the recent loan. Tickets for tbe complimentary socialto be tendered, to Mr., Walter Heath on the Ithprox. at the^pcntennial-batl are going ofiweU,'and a iruccessfnl evening i« antioi A man named George ^Forsyth was fined 10fc 'withV£2 2b. costs by i thei frahran benbhonThursdayfor -travdlirig.in a first dais railway . carriage -on a'raecood' ©lass ticket ,? :???? j iIP 7 Itisrumonred that Mr. Joseph Harris,' MrTi A ) the member for South Tarra; , con templates resigning bis seat and that Mr. F. O. Gtiy is already inihging his forces for a little. The Karl and Countess of Hopetoun. will grace -the first of the serins of concerts in aid of the Blind Institute with their pres ence on Thursday eyeoing next at the Oimond Hall. ; No less^thsn 80 of .Melbourne's best known musical artists are assisting in con* nection with the forthcoming series of concerts in add of the funds of the Victorian BHndtnfttltute. In the St. Kilda Mnnoll on Monday after Cr. Conniberc had opened oat his usual budget of small bat necessary requirements, Cr. Stedeford cruelly suggested that these thills should be broaght before the conn dl's officers Was dot to take up tbe time of tbrcobuctt'j^ut^Tcnergetic represents. tireitfJthe Southward.stood on bis tight- - to%avp every thing thrashed put $Bblicly. '-iJeW'premises -of ~-4he -Commercial -Bank in Colljnsrstreet, ? MeilbonroeJjopened for bosiness. Tbe ,tuilding, whieb is one of the handsomest in . Australia, cost oloae hpon £100,000. Tbe Bev. Briet Bright and Brotherly Morley's P.S.A. novelty appears in the cause of charity oo Sunday week, wben the 'funds of the blind -Institute will be assisted by a special collection.' St feilda councillors pricked up their ears 1 on Monday wben the lown-clerk begin to I read, ' a letter from Matthias L ? ' but' | the L turned out to be Lyons, not Larkin ! and they br&thed; ireely.£gaiu.l- . Tbe meny burglar invaded Mrs. Wright's boarding .house in Laiog-stieet, Sooth Tarra, oh tbe 13th inst, 'when 'one of the boarders named Bichard Calder was robbed of bis puree Containing £4in nash. The grand display of -ihe united friendly societies of Prahran and, St Kilda at tbc Cbapel-strect orderly-rooms next Thursday promises to be a big success,- and the best entertainment of the season for the money — (2s. 6-L double ticket). The employes of tbc l&cening; Standard , to it it said, subscribed the £100 fine in flicted on boss Thomson for contempt of court' Much as we value our staff, we vuould ' swop ' with tbe Standard this very day. We beg to propound the following problem. If one lb. and a half of chops cost 4d., what is the value of poor old Arons' will now that the legal gentlemen have cast it aside ? Answers to be addressed to our Puszle Editor. Mr. Thomas Marvin, the well-known newsagent, of Windsor, notifies having removed from No. 9 Chapel-street to larger premises at No. 17, four doors, nearer the Windsor station, where we wish him con tinued success in his enterprise. An immense programme is in prepara tion for the military entertainment to be given at the Prahran Town-ball on the Slst inst. in aid of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society. James Matthews, who tarried at tbe wine until be could see snakes, was before the Prahran bench on Thursday, chargcd with being drunk and disorderly . Ab be had been locked up sinoc the 14th iuBt. he was allowed to go. In some parts of China a formal intro duction is given in these words ' This is my friend ; if he steals anything I will be responsible.' John's idea wouldn't take on here-*»we would ' no sabbe ' the intro ducer. In reporting the ait exhibition now being held in connection with Christ Church, St Kilda, the Age alludes to 11 tbe incumbent, Mr. J. S. I/owe '—as if tbe Bev. J. Slanley-Low, B.D., was not entitled to the sacred prefix. Municipalities are not to be bothered to pay their overdrafts off by the 80tb September. It is rumoured that some of the councils think the overdrafts should be suspended 'pending reconstruction' for say fifteen years. . The frequency of the words .'i To Let '? in the shop windows of Melbourne and suburbs led a visiting Gippslander to remark the other day, ' My word, these Chows get on mighty well in Melbourne — that dashed To Let owns half the place*41 Mr. E. T. Apps, of tbe well-known firm of undertakers, has been robbed of a gold hunting watch; with a heavy gold curbcbsin and a Masonic pendant, valued at £48* Never mind, Mr. Apps, yon will get even , with tbat thief yet 1 The fifth of the series of Sabbath even ing lectures at the Alma-road Presby- i terian Church, St Kilda, will be given to- j morrow by the Bev. J. Gordon Mackie, of ; St. George's Church, Bust 'St. Kilda, who | will take ' Christianity and Amusements '* 1 as his theme. A concert will be given at tbe Gospel Mission Hall on Tuesday evening next in aid of the funds of the mission. An excel, lent programme baa been arranged, tbe popular cantata ' Flower Queen's Coart 1 being a special item of interest Tickets of Admission are 6d. each. If Jimmy Thomson is unsuccessful in bis appeal and has to 'do 'is seven days' 'ard ' it may prove a' blessing in disguise after all. Who, for instance, would not rejoice to have evidence of bis wonderful journal istic abilities by the evolution of a series of articles on ' How I ruminated on tbe Mercantile Bank case in durance vile.' The St. Kilda council's non-intervention policy in the matter of savings bank amalgamation was evidenced on Monday when tbe circular letter of the Prahran council embodying the resolutions passed at the last meeting of the latter body was ' taken as read' in respectful silence and left handy to the edge of tbe waste-paper basket Levy Arons and Joe Perl, the rivai litigants in the memorable Arons1 will case, will now be able to continuously smile at each other across the street, the former litigant having established himself as a tobacconist in his late ancle's premises at Windsor, immediately opposite Perl's plaoe of business. An electric arc light is to be ereoted by tbe Malvern council at tbe corner of Glen feme-road and Union-slreets replacing gas jets at Edeall, Winter, Valetta and Union streets. Before long gas lamps will be ex. hibited in museums as relics of the dark agee. The three men Duncan, Mort and Butt, who were alleged to have been concerned in the Elsternwick highway robbery on the 22nd of April last, wben a bookmaker named Charles Etfacridge, was stock up and robbed of a quantity of jewellery, have been discharged, the Crown having entered a nolle prosequi. Tbe old rumour invented and circulated for base motives to the effect tbat Sir M. H. Davies was interested in the .ownership of tbe Herald and tbat the company obtained large advances from .. the .Met* : oahtile Bank has been absolutely denied by that journal— auother'evil plot exploded. The P.S.A- A. meeting will be held at tbe Prahran Toton-hall to-morrow wfek in.Jiea, of the Prahran Independent Church, when a special collection will be made in aid of the funds of the Blind Institute. A brilliant choral programme . has been arranged. ' Prahran State-scbools all closed till the let prox. owing- to -the measles... . The Brighton-road school at St Kilda- will re open on Monday.next ; but in view of the . epidemic stiU'ekistihg in the family ot the caretaker of tbe Yark-ecbool the board of a!dvioe.-bas ordered jLhat Jcbool to .remain closed till Monday, 81st -nst The iads of the Toorak ami South Yarra Try Society indulge -in -another of their oijoyable *' Special Nights «ext Monday evening at their hall in Surrey-road, Hawksbnrn, ' - when a programme - of gymnasticsjisongs, and recitations and the comic Bcene, ' The Area Belle ' will be given, admission being a silver coin. ' The accumulated heaps of road-metal at the St. Kilda council's depots are a tempta tionto councillors that is almost more than, they can bear. Having been constructed out of loan money they cannot be used on old 8trceis»!but Cr. George Tamer's amend-' lug bill will perhaps make matters easier and unlock these tied-hp reserves. The annual meeting of tbe subscribers and life members lof the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution will be held on Thursday next at 3 p.m. at the MelbournetFown-ball wben tbe annual report and balance sheet will be submitted and iha election of office bearers for the'eosaing year dealt with. It j is satisfactory to note that, despite the ani venal depression, the finances of 'the; institution have been kept in good order by | prodent management, ! ?William, ^e.aSoothjYarra jrird fancier ' vhiT was acquitted by ^tbe Prahran^SenelT ast week on a charge of stealing -si canary age from Mr. Wright, of East Prahran, is retaliating upon the .eomplalnaOt by snlpg ? dm for slander in connect ian with the case. ' In reply to our correspondent 'Querist,' it may say that the ougin of the symbol 'cwt' for hundred weight ia as follows C is the initial letter of tHe Latin word icentum,'.meaning a hundred, and wt are ;be Ant -and last7 letters .of the word; !' weight ' and 'are used as a contraction for \- ? I The [finances of St. Kilda council stood' past. Monday as follows — Payments recom kiehded, £567 Us. 2d. on-dty account and £l&6lB.2d.on-No;2;ltyui account; pay inenU made, £709 2s. 8d. ; receipts, £406 Is. 6d,;.bank balance .new acoount Cr., £4867 8s. 10 ; old account Dr., £9646 lis. 6d. j . fixed deposits, £2G,8i4 10s. 6d . Mr. M. Schrader, the well-known musician, of 203 High-street, Prahran, has an annooncement in another column in reference to his stock of musical instru ments. Mr. Schrader has few, if any, equals as a professional piano and organ tuner, and his skill as an instructor on tbc violin lias made his name a popular one through out the district Thofee ;of oar readers who require anything in Mr. Scbrader's line will . find him cheap and courteous. 