THE MAS - IN THE STREET. V When :fonnd make a'note on "'was the sagaoious advice tendered to his friends by Ed'ard Cottle, master mariner, but^when there is nothing to find, jt is proportionately hard to make notes . I have known the street(to be as stagnant, as Lake'Gutbridge many a time, but I never knew matters to bs as stagnant astbsy are at the present time. I prowl round the block day after day hoping to .exchange ideas with somebody or other, but they all have one taleto . tell, and tbat tale is so'deucedly monotonous that .1 am not going to recapitulate it There Beems to be a further- consensus. of. opinion, however, on two points, one of which is that it-iS a long lane which has no turning, the other that however dull matters may be in Sale tbey arc a great deal duller in other places—so that we have much cause for gratitude. There are localities where cash is as scarce as green peas in winter, and where only the ghost of-business survives, and that has to bs fed on Taper—a very unsatisfactory diet at the best of times—doubly bad when the banks are putting on the screw, or by a ttirdy application of the financial alxe are bringing down bi? and little treea alike. But, as most of the trees felled were rotten to begin with; perhaps the - operation will have rather a beneficent effect than otherwise. , My friends," said au old Scottish parson nf whom some unpleasant, stories had .been told, "David said in.his ha?te that all men were liars. If David had lived in this parish he might have , said it atbis jeesure." Aud if David had: been acquainted with the Shiels Mini-try, now .toppling ti its fall, hs would certainly.have been confirmed in bis. opinion. For tho Shiels Ministry will assuredly go down to posterity as the Mendacious Ministry, for they have lied on every possible occasion, and very frequently without the smallest necessity. They appear to have bad no shame whatever, and whether it was the appointment bf Dr Pearson, theretireinent of Sir Wheeler, the desire of Mr Shiels to divest himself of office, no matter what it was tbey never could tell the. truth or act in an open and straightforward manner. They have been convicted over and over again, but never bad the grace to even apologise for tbisir misdemeanours. Looking back upon the past twelve months itseems incredible : that they could have remained in office, but tbey have bad great good luck. ; With their good luck they have had opportunities which they ;have misused, aud the colony has cruelly suffered by their utter lack of power to do anything beyond spinning yarns without any foundation to them. It is to be 1 devoutly hoped that tbe day is hot far distant when they' will be replaced by strong men, who will set their-shoulders to the wheel and get the waggon out of tbe bog, into" which it has been-drawn-hy wicked, careless, and incompetenthinds; : A ^riend of..mine* snggeafcs that the late troubles, political and' monetary, Which havo not altogether been peculiar tb Victoria, will hasten the day of Federation, which is not quits as dead as Julius Cae3ar as some folk affect, to bslieve. "There is no doubt «bout it that Federation would greatly in. crease our prosperity and improve orr standing in the eyes of the world, and in the opinion of the British moneylender in particular. Bat don't let: UB bear any more talk about the Commonwealth " of Australia,. Dominion— qr/nbthing.! The proposal to erect a national memorial ti the late Judge Higinbotham is one . which has my most cordial sympathy. If 'statues have an educational influence, then a statue -of George Higinbotham" erected in tbe most public place to be found in the colony must be an "object lesson" of the moat suggestive cbaract r.. It would appeal to all young men to abide by tbe plain broad path of duty, to be manly, courteous and kind, to be faithful in all things,, and to be pure of life. Besides I do not think.we have made enough of our own men. It is all very well to stick ,u^, statueB to "Tommy"Moore, "Bobbv""Burti81 etc.,etc., nor do I grudge these heroes their- tenown, but I should like to see Sturt and Eyre, and Stawell, and. ..many others glorified first Ballarat has made, a step in the right direction by. the statue of Peter Lalor, but that was erected by: private -jnunificence, a statue to George Higinbbtham Bhould be erectea by a fund eubscribed to by all classes of the community. By the way what an awful amount of riibbiBh in tbe way of personal "anecdote has been written "about"him since he died. A Sydney paper very inappropriately named "Truth" has been revelling in fiction regarding bim, telling how be iised to send donations to the wives and families of prisoners who came before bim, and winding up with the. insane - assertion , that : dhring the shipping strikehe contributed £50 a week to the fund. As . this would about'mbp up bis screw, I rather doubt the accuracy of the writer. The Bendigo critic is a fearful and wonderful animal. His command over language is unparalleled, and he is at the zenith of happiness when a theatrical troupa comes round. Hit criticisms of amateur entertainments and teafights fxa miracles of fine writing no doubt, but when the reat article comes along he "" un buttons " himBelf--as the French say. and wades in-ntck deep. One of these, essaying to describe the perfections of an operatic artiste, burst into ooetry. "She clothed the miserable words of the libretto with her glorious melody like the pumpkin vine clo3hes the rotten railings of an old fence 1" And recently a theatrical company of the good old blood and blue fire. Surrey side of the water style, bas invaded Bendigo; and the Independent s critic has as usual gone off his chump. This is what he says of one of the actors, who by this time, we ehould think, has received au offer from Mr Henry.Irving" The sunshine and merriment (of the piece) was stukiogly set off by the heavy cast of character—Devereaux —which was taken by Mr W. Forbes. His facial expressions were a study, as they were so markedly significant. Ihey indexed .the fearful paroxysms of passion which wrought -bi^voc JUhis soul, when for the nonce.anger and reason Warred with, each otber and anger becoming dominant his attitude, clenched fists, fierce frenzy which gleamed from his eyes, and the terrible expressions .which gurgled from his lips as his tempeBt-tossed soul swayed his ^passion-palsied body to and fro, waa lernble to look upon." What became of the audience the- critic doeB not condescend to tell us, but it is supposed that they rushed pauic-stricken. from the Princess Theatreprettiest in the colony—and washed down the lumps -in- their throats at the coiner beer shop] - < The editor tells me tbat his soul is heavy within him by reason of the appeals made day after day by people to have their nameB kept out of the paper. Now, the beat and surest way of attawiog that end lB' to keep out of mischief, and especially to keep from more than a bowing acquaintance with the " bea:is." But it was ever thys—there .are two classes nS tbe community, those who would do any meanness to get their names into, the paper and those who would do any meanness to get their names kept out of it. What says the bard:— • • , It he hops at a ball- - In Victoria Mall. . If he s ever so wrctohed a shaper. -. Shouldhe chance to invent -: .- " A recirsiMe tent. . - Or to patent a portable soraper :- - - :. Ishould-ne play. any. game or.belong: to-a olub. Should he give to a tea meetinir part of the grub.-- .you can-bet on-Ms working » fearful hub-bub If you don't put his-name in the paper— The Gaper— . "He ll burst up your, rotten old paper 1 It sthe same with'em all. \- Bosh the great and the small. • With the butcher, the baker, the draper— . . With the donkey: the clown. •:. - And the man-about-tou'u. • And theliondon Sassiets' aper ! Bat oh l. what a totaily-different thing Wheu.he-gets m a scrape is the song tbat he-Il sinjr { Then he talks of tho vengeanct he'll certainly .- bring . - : IfYOU dare put his name in the paper—. • " T/mlcnya Must not be set up in the paper J Over- and over again attention has been called to the- uncleanly method adopted- in our law courts of administering the oath, the witnesses: being called upon to imprint a kiss on -a greasy , old ; bible. When one thinks of the variety oflips which have left chaste salutes on.its battered old covers the very.notion is enough to sicken a SDavenger. - Of course it is soarcsly likely that a new copy of the Scriptures can be provided for every witness, but, wby insiBt upon this form of adjuration at all; It may not be known that it is-by no means compulsory, and the doctors in- England are protesting -against it.- and. giving good help.; It isstated by the J^ondon correnpondent of tbe Manchester Guardian that at a recent inquest at Haileybury. and again recently at an inquest at Guys Hospital, Dr Percy Shelley, on' onecase and Mr.' Atthur Durhatn m tbe ^oihec ABked to. be sworn with the uplifted hand,: alorin wbich, it should be known, is legally admissible in England. The requeBt was com' plied with ID each case. If itBhouldbe ever, my unhappy lot to again hud myself inthe witaeas-box Ishall certsmly olaim asimilarprivUegeiitaThB; present:--ftTin-snd. method "o£ administering.tbeoathiBbsrbartmsand^very: often indecent • So the moon hav been-misbshaving>herself < at Upper Maffra on New Year* niebt. Byron bas soma very uncomplimentary lines respecting the goddess of thefnight. but even-he never^ as did your Upper Maffra correspondent. ac : "ctissher - of ;joggiDg about :tbesky in so erratic: a manner as to use 25 ,degrees.,north of . her proper" place. Of course X know -that curious, things ate; seen when: astronomical -observav tions are made through tbe agency of tho' bottom of a tumbler, and doubtless many such were made by Scotchmen on -New Year s far- removed" - from- any '^suspicions- -of tbat sort! Still it will be very interesting if a clear statement of the remarkable; phenoraenon - were drawn - ug .^andj teBtified. to by tay half a dozen of the leading intbiffiitShtsi in iwhichicase -no floubt; iMriaHlery^ 'wohld^ive %is;imbd^owar3s the vnravelment; of the interesting problem SomeboV the atory remindsimeiof ' the ancient Scotchman: who"on-ibe:first occaBion: of the lilummatioh- %f ^he^elbourne'£oBt dffice:clocks(how .man^: yearBago?)happenedto:put'his- bead:outof the window to see what sort of a nighti it waB, «nd observing two discs in -the field of his -vision.'iexclaimed to :bis : <better half ^--Eh Janetswoman there are lira -muoes the nicht' Tbera .18 one aspect -of the mace case": •whichappears^to'have^eBcapediiotics.-it-is: "notthattheParliameotwaBdtaggedithrough; the mire -by tbe proceedings i^wbich culminated; in -the appearance of <the proprietor of the" "Ballarat Courier ut tbe bar of the House but; .tbat journalism was disgraced by that hitherto 3apntaMe^per«9BUnhioBi»«*nMiiMiitc Iwci which there wAsUb foundation, as evinced by the humble apology~volunteeredby Mr-Clark ~ This article was indeed, as it was "described; .'coai^e ana "Vulgar " And could only iiaye i»en exchsed on Hie ground ut its -ahsdlutsj Truth St seemB'Showeyer, tobaveieenSioidiy a •fflched &bm1;&jow;,Sydney publication ana" the Courierihoijld apologise to »ts brethren of! ss lor matly of them, 2%e (hppibnd, rirc^allSaedlad ^feSsed their belie fin ? 