THE MALiONAHOY OF INANI MATE THINGS. A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a carious theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objects. The author of the theory appeals very wisely in the first instance 10 he common experience of all human beings, and then, having secured that substantial basis of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work out his general uteury. many anotner doctrine — tbat lor instance of the ghost revisiting the frlimpees of the moon — it aigned After a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use Ztow-a-davfi to berin with an anneal to nnr cbmmon experience of ghostly apparitions. We axe like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the grrat battles of Spain Saint James hirnaBif had CHARGED UNDER THE SPANISH FLAG, hut added modestly, ' unworthy that 1 was, although in tbe battle I was not favored with a sight of the bleated saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects seize At once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let ub have the fasts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of innniwBtw objects ? The footstool that was un doubtedly put carefully into a corner — how does it come to be in the middle of tho room ? The tire which was blazing up a mo- neat ago — why is it dead out already. waiu1Mtsp from which one fill" i Fy. .Sgbis ' TPQPient to \ any other object, and AFTEE H a THE DELUGE. The latch -key — but then, perhaps, we had letter not lay too much stress on the troubles with thelatch-key, inasmuch asunphilosophicaf levity might suggest unwelcome explanations. !0ie pebble that comes in the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to shave at all the nest day, ana tnen, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new mid malignly - sceant claim when TBIED AGAIN" IX DESPAIR, sad become sharp as the Roman King's razor which cut the whetstone through ? Why will the watch stop at the : vary time when we most want it to keep going on Y We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex periences of most of ue. There is no question — there can be none— as to the experieuce. Let any of us takenoticeon any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper — some times almost male to Jose his wits by inanimate objects, and be will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate belter the force of tbe new philosophic theory. We confess that, although we tind the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of every day or any day life. Because if these in animate things are really malignant, they w31 be malignant attilj after philosophy shall have recognised THE FACT OF THEIR MALIGNITY. But, if vr were to refuse to consider a theory merely beoaueo we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from tune to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refrac tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at ast crystallised themselves into a theory, we feel bound to commend it to public considera tion, even although we do notfeelinany way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way score TRHTTATING THAN THE LUCIFER MATCH. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in tile middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and leave its fiery head on one's hand! Boq all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory bat the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish a lucifer match any more than we can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and discussing- the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being sow and then tc know that when his water- jug for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooled so instanta neously £6 to make him unwilling to swallow it at all — it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was straggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long since a principle of that philo sopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world te a close by AN ACT OF UNIVERSAL StTICILE. Bnt he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing sucb a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self -obliteration. Even the lower animals might he persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to what are called — unphUosqphjicaU.y no doubt — tbe inanimate things. His convic tion was that the world l>egan with the inani mate things, as we call them. They started the whole business, and then came the lower animals, and then came man. Now suppose man were universally willing to extinguish himself — wbst guarantee could he possibly have bom these inanimate things that the moment he had disappeared they would mot START THE WHOLE MACHINE OF EXISTENCE all over again. Yon cannot have a compact with the sands of tbe de sert or the salt of the sea or the stones. in a quarry. Yon cannot have. a with the ooals in a mine. Even if yon could have such an arrangement, who conld answer for its bring carried out ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words? The moment our backs wore turned they would be sore to set the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse inn of the business. Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in tbat idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher about the malignancy of inani mate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that theie was anything man - lend particularly wanted them to do, then they would instantly, and OUT OF SHEER MALICE, make up their minds not to do it. Wo can judge of that from that common and xving daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Schopenhauer had pot, perhaps, when he developed his doubts over heard of what we may ryll the in animate malignancy theory. But if he had beard of it, end admitted that there was something in it, be would assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome scepticism. He might still find sermons in stones, but he wonld feel sore it would 1>e futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it would cease crowincr faofctn Afellcm him.— Daily News." Mr Walter Besanfc is going to '.Chicago as the. delegate of the Society of Authors to the Conference of Authors convened in tbat city for 10th, 11th and 12th July. According to 44 The Literary World,'1 he leaves England to-day (10th June) by the Etruria, having arranged to pays visitto several of the New England cities. Be will visit Niagara on his way to Chicago. Mr Besant will read a paper on M The Work of the Society of Authors," and will be the beater of numerous papers by other «ading members of the society 