D)ANGEROUS JOKING. /r AR'TIN was the eldest son and hope ol d Mr. Lord, the Squire of Mortou. His amiable disposition and supetior intel lec procured for him universal love and estecm. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but ho inever showed any marked partiality to anyone until he becamo intimate with Isabella Ashton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was yotdig'and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy witha person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin-; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to' her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by. village gossips for several montihs; he was now nineteen, andl she was of the same ago, when the inciden t about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and. maidens; and the company enicoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social ganmes. The hour at which such parbios usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. " It is a silly report," said Martin. Nohbpdy can believe that a ghost has really beciiseenm there ; and I doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. ".'ome,nriotv," cotinued the tbhoughtlessgirl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such thinigs may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." "And what would that prove ?" " Why, you will be frightoend, though you should see nuothing.. Your fears would .put your belief to the test. lHow could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of?" " I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Alalrtin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, -even at midnight, wouhl frighten me in the least." " ia, ha! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued; dislplaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to plart with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, andl declare on your honour when you return that. you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his n'n t. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you willl-ind close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commissioni of a fully, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit.; and set out on his errand. 110e marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in thoe dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky-then takihm' up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, sot out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part' of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards . him. All Mlartin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give pilace to desperation ; his. hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still lie stood his ground. The spectredreow nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot: tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment, lie raised the batr, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house hoeard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. • They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively ab 'its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieksfor help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst- another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed tihe blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon tihe corpse.. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 