WISE AND OTHERWISE. The land boom has reached Jerusalem. No doubt the immodiate reason is tho completion of the railway from Jaffa to the Holy City, but, as tho American consul there says, it is rather strange that there should be ft wild speculation in land considering that the plnce has almost no manufactures, vory little foreign trade, and that the eity contains a multitude of poor people. Two nores that woro sold In 1890 for £50 per aoro, sold in 1891 at £150 ; 12 acres that sold in 1890 for £87 per acre, sold last year for £503; 7 acres, sold in 1836 for £72 per acre, sold last year for £1306; 2 acres, sold in 1886 for £240 per acre, sold in 1892 for £600; half an acre, sold in 1881 for - £40, sold in 1892 for £740, that is, for the half acre ; 1 acre, sold in 1872 for £8, sold in 1892 for £24.00; two-thirds of an acre, sold in 1886 for £20, sold in 1891 for £720; 1 acre, sold in 1865 for £200, suld in 1891 for £4800. These aro not in onoseotiou or locality, but In different directions about tho city, varying from one- fourth of & mile to ono mile distant from the town. Hero arc some interesting facts about Ameri can cities. There are 16 American cities having more than 200,000 population. Of theso 16 Cleveland has the largest proportion of foreign born inhabitants. Washington has tho smallest. Foreign born residents constitute 45 per cent of the population of Cleveland, 42.5 of New York, 42 of San Francisco, 41 of Chicago, 40 of De troit, 35.5 of Boston, 35 of Buffalo, 33 of Milwaukee, 32 of Brooklyn, 30 of Pittsburgh, 25 of Philadelphia, 21 of Cincinnati and St. Louis, 14 of New Orleans, 11 of Baltimore and one-eighth of 1 per cent, of Washington. There are more than 1,000,000 Germans in tho chiof cities of the United States. They aro most numerous in New York and Brooklyn, and in the cities of the west. They are least numerous in Boston and Washington. In these two cities, and in Philadelphia and San Francisco, tho Irish outnumber tho Germans. There arc 681,000 natives of Ireland in tho chief cities of the United States, 207,000 natives of England and 56,000 of Scotland, Now York and Phila delphia have the largest proportion of Irish born inhabitants ; Baltimore, St. Louis and Cincinnati have the least. There are more Englishmen in Philadelphia than there nro in Now York. In proportion to the wholo population there arc more natives of England in Pittsburgh than there are in New York. They are IcaBb numerous in New Orleans. The census returns less than 300 natives of Scotlaud in New Orleans. Boston has 4500, Chicago 9200 and New York 11,000. There are 125,000 Scan dinavians (Swedes, Norwegians and Danes) — 62,000, or just half, of them in Chicago, 16,000 in Brooklyn, 10.000 in New York, 6500 in San Francisco and 4500 in Boston. There are 35,000 inhabitants of the chiof American cities born iu France — 13,030 in New York and Brooklyn, 5700 in New Orleans and 4600 in San Francisco. There are less than 1000 Spaniards, Greeks and Portuguese in any one of tho chiof cities of the country. There aro 135,000 Canadians in tho United States— 38,000 of them, mostly French Canadians, in Boston, 24,000 in Chicago, 18,000, mostly i English Canadians, in Detroit, 10,000 in Buffalo aud 8000 in Now York. Thero aro 7000 Welsh men. There are 77,000 ItaIians-39,000 of them in New York, 5700 in New Orleans and 4600 in San Francisco. No other large oity has more than 2500. There are less than 500 Italians in Baltimore. There are 85,000 Russians — 48,000 of them in New York, 7800 in Philadelphia, 4300 in Boston and 4000 in Baltimore. They don't go west. There nro (though the number has ceased increasing) 28,000 Chinese inhabitants in the chief cities of the United States— 24,000 of them in San Francisco and 2000 in New York. A Mr. Cooll Raleigh recently read a papor On Audiences, at the Playgoers' Club, wherein, amongst other things, he asked why audiences just now so persistently deserted tho theatres. The captiousness and uncertainty of modern audiences he attributed in part to the fact that so much promiucnoe has been given to the piny of late that audiences havo become too familiar with the "trndo seavots" of tho pro fession. In this connection he said, "People- who formorly knew aotors only by name now know them personally and their wives and their families. There was at one time some mystery, some illusion, and therefore some attractiveness about the beautiful young man who, for the sake of his lady fair, expired gracefully in the middle of the stage, iu the limelight, And a becoming wig, every night at 10.30. Precisely; but when you come into frequent oontact with him, when you Bnd he is rather dull at dinner, is over 35, is going a bit bald about the temples, has ft wife and three ohildren — one an invalid— that he lives at Lower Tooting, takes a good deal of interest in rearing bees, and has big feet —tbe illusion and the attractiveness vanish. It is all very well to blow tbe trumpet about tho sooial statuB of the actor, but I doubt very much if it is a good thing for tho actor's art that he should be dragged out of the discreet seclusion of his dressing room into the searching light of day. I do not mean, of course, that it is neces sary or desirablo that tho actor should bo constantly regarded as a rogue and a vagabond according to the act ; but as a result of actors being feasted and feted, being met in numbers at every party and reoeption, the faces and voices, hnbltB aud manners of aotors have become very familiar to a largo number of their audiences, and, as a consequence, when an actor steps upon the stage it is very difficult for tbe audience to believe that be is the character he is representing, and not himself. A great deal of stage illusion vanishes directly audi ences say amongst themselves, 1 1 had no idea Tommy would look so well without his whiskers.' Equally detrimental to the bfiBt interests of the actor's art are the reoeptions sometimes given by actor- managers on the stnge direotiy after a first performance. A large proportion of tho audience comes face to face with tho actor immediately after his ilnost efforts have been produced. They see whero bis wig joins, they notice liis make up; they meet a property man walking away with the moon, they learn that frowning clouds are unreal ; they trip over tho braces that hold up massive cathedrals; they see the dirty canvas backs of clouds and forests ; they stare about, saying, ' It looks so different from the stage, doosn't it?' And away goes the mystery, the glamor, the fascination and the illusion of the theatre. Society knows the leading actors by their Christian names ; most of its cousins play small parts ; and sooiety, having got all it can out of its toy, tires of it and Beeks a new one. Where Belgravia lends the way, Bays- water, BloomBbury, and even Bormondsey, will quickly follow." The threat that all existing fortune tollers shall come under the operntion of the clause in the French Penal Code which imposes a fine upon "all persons who shall make a business of guessing, foretelling or explaining dreams," is causing much exoitemout in " the profession " in Paris, according to the Telegraph's corres pondent. Such an application of tho code, if mnde, will take away the oeoupation of hun dreds of middle aged and old dames in Paris and the provinoeB, many of whom pro fess to have a profound faith in thoir powers of olairvoyancc. Foremost among these is Madame Emilie, tho successor of the great Madame Lcnormnnd, who is said to have been consulted by Napoleon I., aud to have accurately pre dicted his fateful career, Madame Emilie at tributes the supposed intentions of the authori ties to the immense numbor of spurious fortune tellers who have sprung up of late, and who have used their profession as a mere veil for blackmailing and even more serious offences. She defies the police to put a stop to the exercise of the mysterious art by women who conduot their "offices" rospoctably, as who, she says, is to prevent a person pay ing a clandestine visit to a soothsayer, and obtaining her advice.? This lady, who fre quently receives as much as 40 f. for a visit, is often consulted by such steady going people as senators, judges and Government functionaries. To another clnss of fortune tellers belougs Madame Audrea, who describe) herself. a9 a " Cartomancionnc-Ohiromuncienne-MRgncti- souse." Hot clientele iB mostly among ladies of piouB tendencies. She employs a somnambulist, who does the sleeping part oi the business foe her, nnd whose duty is to dose off between 20 and 30 times a day. She inakos a specialty of consultations on domestic affairs, but never infringes tho law by giving advico in cases of illness. This diplomatic lady, whon questioned by anxious husbands as to tho conduct of thoir wives, never offers any information which may be likely to break up a mitiagc. Madame Hurtonse belongs to a third variety of soothsayer, and dovotes herself prin cipally to giving ailvioe in lovo mattors. Sho offers consolation to affectionate spouses whose husbands are " no better than they ought to bo," and generally tenders good counsel to love siok, swains and maidens. Sho also makes a specialty of supplying talismans mnde of preoious stones. Theso and a hundred others in Paris alone are the ladioa learned in the dark arts, who are threatened by tho far reaohing arm of an unsympathetic nineteenth century police foroa There is a whisper going about whtoh is seriously alarming aspiring pulpit orators who' have secured the oovetod invitation to prcAch in the Cathedral. The whisper has it (writes the London correspondent of the Western Daily Mercury) that Dean Gragory has decided to request all tho morning preachers at St. Paul's to be brief. Tho rcquost is not made to tho ranons residentiary, who aro of tho elect, as it wore, and whose oratorical success is already assured. It is confined to the occasional preachers who hitherto havo considered that cathedral congregations expect long sermons, and do not, in tho words of the Scotoh minister, "mind another glass." Sermons of an hour havo boon very frequent lately. In its representative at the World's Fair the Daily New possesses a courageous correspondent. While bearing testimony to the good works and admirable Achievements of the women of Chicago at tho fair, ho feels himself bound at tho tmmo time to report squabbles. "Thero was quito a lively moeting ou the Tues- day," he tolls us, "many of tho ladies having taken high offeuce because Mrs. Palmer and anothor member of the board had too muoh monopolised tho Duchess of Veragua and her daughter. It only proves tlint though they hold endloBB meetings, and advocate the higher aims, these devoted workorR aro only women after all. And in this country, whore the sisterhoods are such a magnificent power, it is delightful to feel this sometimos. I soothed ono fair matron by swoaring that the same kind of thing hnppens at home ; that it is not an uncommon ooour- renco for Englishwomen who lmve worked hard in tho shade to be hustled into the background at the hour of ceremonial sunshine. She joined issue, however, when I took the liberty of humbly adding that after all alio and her sister malcontents had vicariously imbibed the ducal flavor through the lady president. The aggrieved ladies, anyhow, rolieved their minds, and tho little rift within the lute has since been ns soundly glued up as the PrincesB of Wales's broken chair." A writer in La Vic Contcmporaine, a French periodical conducted by M. Jules Simon, has diticoverod that an old box in tho lumber room of the- Louvre Museum, instead of containing archives, as was supposed by many, is full of tbe relics of royal personages— jaw bones, shoul der blades, shanks, ribs and vertebrie. The writer states that thero are among them tho scapula of Hugues Capet, tho thigh bone of Charles V., the shin bones of Charles VI. and Francis I., the vertebra) of Charles VII. and Charles IX,, the ribs of Philippe lo Bel and Louis XII., and the lower jawbone of Catherine do Mudiois. The authenticity of these relics is, he Fays, proved by papers also found in the box. Nobody in the museum kuows how tho bones got tliore, but it ib supposed that they were nenfc to the Tuilerics after the violation of the royal tombs at St Denis, in 1793, and that they were thence conveyed to the Louvre. Another jawbone found with tho lugubrious eollcction des cribed above is vnguely supposed to have been that of Anne of Austria. Tho writer likewise includes in bis list a shinbone of Cardinal dc Retz. The editor of tho Corrierc di Napoli makes a confession to bis renders. In order to servo them faithfully and to secure them an exact account of the high junketings at the great banquet given by the king and queen to the German Emperor, he wont himself from Naples to Rome, instead of trusting so important a task to any ordinary "own correspondent." But this was not all that he did for them. When at Rome he managed to got himself employed, in tho di« Royal bauquct, and thus secured the very cloReBt proximity as a spectator and hearer. If he had hut done such a feat a few years ago, what mattor this journalistic Jeameo might have supplied to the satirioal author of The Book of S nobs ! In a now volumo of essays by that brilliant writer, Mr. Frederic Myers, just published by Messrs. Macinillan, thoro is a very interesting memoir, of Prince Leopold. The prince, it BoemK, was on ardent spiritualist (in the best sense of that term), nnd took a lively interest in the proceedings of tho Society for Psychical Research. " Himself intimately convinced of the existence of a soul in man, he rcudily as sumed that a candid and organised inquiry would sooneror later convincoothcr mindsnlso. What he desired was that any scientific evidence which oould be gained as to tho soul and a future life should bo actively brought to bear on the masses, who in many parts of the world are losing those beliefs altogether." The prince, though he gradually came to accept with pleasure the rolet as it were, of Philanthropic Figure head, desired strongly at ono time a more digniGed sphere of active duty. "It was a bitter disappointment to him that he wns not permitted to sucoecd Lord Lorno in Canada"; and "he still hoped some day to fill what seemed n less fatiguing position of the snme kind in Aus tralia." Even the duties of mere cere monial are more fatiguing, especially to princes of delicate constitution, than most people imagine. Prince Leopold used some times, Mr. Myers relates, to allude jestiugly to "the inconvenience of holding one's hat 3 inches above one's head for a couple of hours in an east wind." The requirements of etiquette as regards tho obligation of one smoker to give a light to another from his cigar vary very much in diffe rent oountrlcs. Here there is no settled rule, bat in Havaua the tiaditions of Spanish for mality combine with the universality of smok ing to form a oloar and well defined code on the subject Tho request of one smoker to anothor for a light must always be honorod in Cuba. Your well bred Havana smoker would as Boon thiuk of refusiug another the privilege of breathing the same air with liim aa of refusing a light. To meet the requirements of full courtesy, also, the light must be given from the end of tho oignr, no mattor how wide the difference of rank in the cigars thus brought into contact To savo a Concha Espcoinlo from the pungent flavor of a Victorian product by proffering a mateh, ns is often done hero, would in Havanna be regarded as a snub too refined in its signifi cance for open resenting, but at the same time too crushing for any future amioablo relations To give the ptub of a cigar to qerve as a lighter and toll tho applicant to throw it away when he has used it, is & deadly insult, aud oalls for blood. What would be done in Cuba if the re-, quested light should bo rofuscd is not known, for the reason that no such oase has ever arisen. Tho Duke of Argyll and other writero who still insist upon a literal interpretation of the biblical account of tbe Noaohian delugo, will bo delighted with a rooent find by Leon del Mar, a Frenchman attaobed to the surveying corps con nected with the National Museum (Musoo Nacionel), San Jobo, Cota Rica, in Oeutral America. Leon's find is not & "Dinosaur" or other half mythical creature which the lapse of ages has transformed -into ntone, but a common every day whale, 2X6 feet in length, with boneB mineralised until thoy are as bard as jasper and as heavy as lead. The Musco olfieials are in 'a quandary, and are debating as to which would be the cheapest, to move their museum buildings over on to the mountain range whero the petri fied monster lion, or to try to transfer tbe flinty remains to tho Ooatn Rica capital. Tho point seleoted by this aatodiluvl&a; giant when ho conoluded to give up tho ghost is a rift between two mountain peaks 72 mllos from San Josd and 3300 feet above sea level. Thero must have been a big flood in that sootion at ono tlmo. Either that, or DolMar's Bpoolmen wns a rogular mountain climber. ' The spread of oigarotto smoking In England among young women has given rise to on Inter esting controversy. The topio lias been widoly diacuRsod in tbe English press from all points of view, and, as may bo Imagined, aomo of tho contributions have been rather amusing. Thus "An Indignant English Mother " writes com plaining that when walking in Regent Park with her daughters she came upon a party of two young men and two young women all smoking cigarettes. Worso still, bIio soys, the young women seemod to onjoy It. "I hurried my daughters away as quickly as I oould, but ono nevor knows what the offeot of oxamplo may be, for I havo just heard that tho eldest of them tried to borrow o oigarotto from her brother. Can nothing bo dono to put a stop to thia shocking habit, nt lonst in the parks, whero ovorybody can see it? Surely tlio keepers have power to arrest any women smoking oigarettes. If not, reapcetnble ladies with daughters will be oompcllod to take their walks in tho cemeteries, whero smoking is prohibited." One of the industries which is suffering from the inventions of modern medicine is the some- what peculiar one of leech farming. In the palmy days of leeching, when "blood him" was the advice of every physician upon the slightest provocation, a French peasant who had managed with difficulty to pay 300 francs per year for some poor marsh land, sowed the land down in leeches and became a millionaire by renting it at 25,000 f. per year. A noble Irish landlord, who rented 40 acres of meadow to some French leech farmers, was interested and astonished to see how they went about their business. Having fenced and watered the meadow, they proceeded to sow it with leeches, put on broadcast, like the old fashion of sowing wheat, from sacks containing 15,000 leeches each. The leech farmer must give his crop plenty, of water and plenty of blood. One method of managing the latter is to drive cattle into the water where the leeches are breeding. Another is to turn in fresh blood from a slaughter house. A Parisian capitalist affirmed that his leech crop re- turned him 15 for 1, and it is a matter of record that the monopoly of taking leeches in Morocco was once sold for 70,000 dol. The usefulness of the leech has declined since those days, as bleeding has somewhat gone out of fashion. "When the trade was at its briskest the natural production of leeches in France and in several other European countries was ex- hausted, so that leech farming became a necessity. Leeches then began to be brought from eastern Europe, from Sweden and even from Australia. The African leech, too, came to be greatly prized. He is a beauti- ful green and black creature, and as thirsty a devil as ever set tooth in human flesh. The Australian leeches were taken in enormous num- bers from the rivers of that continent. The method of catching them was and is to throw a freshly removed sheepskin into the water where they live. When the skin is taken out the leeches are found clinging to it by hundreds. A Himalayan traveller found that in Western India it was possible to catch land leeches without any such bait. In fact, he found that the creatures clung to him by hundreds, and even got into his hair. The wounds were five months in healing, and the scars wore permanent. A single company in Australia used to export to Europe and America from 2,000,000 to 3,000,000 leeches per year, not a specially large exportation when it is remem- bered that France alone used to consume about 30,000,000 per year. In Ceylon the secret of growing leeches is carefully guarded, but an English surgeon got at it, and saved the army heaps of money by growing his own leeches. It is impossible to tell to what extent the adulteration of food may not ultimately be carried. We know that our milk is often com bined with sheep's or oaives' brains, that beet root and carrots are used in making jams, that so-called butter contains margarine, that clarets and burgundies are colored with fuohsine, that picric acid gives a bettor tABto to beer, nnd that there is a considerable trado done in nn imitation coffeo berry made of sweet acorns. That (says tho Pall Mall Gazette) is pretty well, ro far ; but soientific experiment, and especially modoru chem istry, have opened up a still wider field for the exorcise of human ingenuity. Wo learn that the method of giving an artificial bouquet to wine Iias been discovered, but this is a mere trifle com pared to tho new system of coloring fruit. . . . Acetate and Biilphato of copper aro tho chemicals which we're formerly used for im parting an artificial green to preserved plums, greengages, and other stono fruit, and moro recently iudigo mixed with barberry has beep employed. But, thanks to the continually im proving methods of dyeing, experimentalists have succeeded in imparting to unripe fruit, or fruit which has dropped from the trees before attaining maturity, a splendid coloring. For instance, green lemons can be dyed a beautiful yellow color by the use of a mixture of naphthol and citrouel. Ohlorotie peaches can be made to assume a velvety and bright colored appearance by the use of a mixture of rhoda- inino, red nitrate And oitronel. Tho mixture has to be carofully applied with a camel' hair brush to different parts of the surfaeo of tho peach v/itb a view of obtaining tlio several gradations of tone and color pertinent to the fruit in Its natural stato. Do you wish to transform an orange of ordinary or inferior quality into nn orange of a rich color and ap parently lusoious pulp? An application of a mixture of roocollinc and Biebiioht's soarlet will enable the operator to attain the desired effect. Have your strawberries re mained white of color for waut of sun to ripen them ? Their transformation to a beautiful soarlet oan be easily effected by the use of a mixture of rhodatniuo and red nitrate. Singular to say, the application of these oheinioalR will produce a juicy fruit. But the most important-of all results in the art of coloring fruit (continues the Pall Mali Gazette) is that which consists iu imparting to a green melon tho obaraoteristic yellow tinge. This is done by injecting it with tropcolino or orange nitrate, known in the trade ns "nzoique." . . . Several of theso colored fruits arc already known in trade, especially those prepared with rocoelline and naphthol. It all appears vory eccentric on the face of it, and ono might almost drond that at some future time our grandchildren may have to bo satisfied with fruit produced entirely by chemical process, from tho peel to the pips or stone. The Paris correspondent of tho British Medical Journal writes : — " A family of nine oooupied a house inhabited X0 yaats previously by two tuberculous patients. A short tirno after, although the whole family had always been iu splondid health, thrco of them showed symptoms of tuberoulosls. They used the same bedroom as tbo former tenants. Dr. Duoor had pieces of the wall paper examined, and dust from tho celling and walls was also examined. In both cusob tho tuborclc baoillus was found. The former oeoupants had been uncleanly in their habits ; the sputa had dried on tho walls, and tho baoillus, as M. Yignal has shown, retained its vitality, and was not destroyed by disinfection." 