THE LONDON THEATRES. London, October 13, 1893. There can be no doubt whatever that the new comic opera at the Savoy is the best thing Gilbert and Sullivan (reunited at last) have done since "Patience." Mr. Gilbert's peculiar humor has grown subtler than ever. Some of his jokes indeed flew far over even the gallery's head, and even the stalls had occasionally to think them out. But a more brilliant pungent satire on ourselves this king of sardonic earcasm has never perpe trated. The book deals of course purely with contemporary manners. It will be as much out of date 10 years henoe as "Patience" is to- day, and our grand children will wonder, no doubt, what we saw to laugh at in it. But the plot will take so long to reproduce I must reserve further criticism and also remarks on Sullivan'js music. The full title of this production is "Utopia (Limited), or the Flowers of Progress," and the name contains in a condensed form the salient points of the plot. King Paramount, the First King of Utopia (Mr. Rut land Harrington), is ruling with more or ltss comlort in the Land of Perfec tion. _ Upon the principle of the survival of the fittest, the Utopiaus have dissovered that the bott possible iorm of government ia a "Despotism tempered by dynamite —an autocrat wbu dares not abase his autocratic power." To quote Tarara, the Public Ex ploder (Mr. Walter Pateinore), "the Utopian monarch is a despot who although in theory absolute is in practice nothing of the kind, being watched day and night by two wise men whose duty it ia on bis very first lapse I from political cr Bocial propriety to denounce him to the Public Exploder, who then has to blow up his majesty with dynamite, who as some compensation for his wounded feel ings is allowed to reign in his eteadl" "The two wise- rat*i" are Scaphio(Mr. W. 3L Denny) and Phautis (Mr. John LeHay). They hare forced their charge to edit and write a "society" paper called The Palace Peeper < in which imaginary royal irregularities are reported, and to produce a comic opera (entirely himself) in which he is held op to ridicule. King Paramount, who is an easy goiug monarch, pats np with this perseou tion, cont-oled with the thought that there is a humorous side to everything, and that his thraldom may be amusing, but he kicks at the "Palace Paper" and the comic opera }in which his own personal peculiarities are burlesqued. It is while he is attempting to disoover " where the joke comes in "in these last outraees that his eldest daughter, the Princess 2ara (Miss Nancy Mclntosh), re turD? from England, whure she has carried all before her at Girton. King Paramount, like tbe Japanese, is greatly taken with everything English, and besides sending his eldest child to Cambridge, has had her two younger sisters educated ou the English plan by a model Englishgoverness, for whom be feels a carefully concealed affection. The Princess has brought with her from England Lord Dramaleigh, a British Lord Chamberlain (Mr. Scott Russell), Captain Sir Edward Corcoran, X.C.8., of the Royal Navy (Mr. Lawrenoe Gridley), Mr. Goldbnry, a company promoter (Mr. Scott Fishe). Sir Bailey Barre. Q.C., M.P. (Mr. Enos Beardmore), Mr. Blushington, of the County Council (Mr. Herbert Rahand), and last but not least. Captain Fitzb&ttleaxe;, Fjrst Life Guards (Mr. Charles Kingham). These gentlemen are "the Flowers of Pro gress and Progress," and the first aot ends in one of them (the promoter) converting the Land of Perfection into an association under the Act, with the catching title of "Utopia (Limited)." He thus describes in a ecng, which was one of die most successful of the evening, the modus operandi of floating a company:— Some Evven men form an Association (If possible, all Peers and Baronets), They start off with a public declaration To what extent they mean to pay their debts That's called their Capital; if they are wary They will not quote it at a sum immense. The figure's immaterial—it may vary From eighteen million down to eighteen pence. / should put it lather low; The good eenee of doing so Will be evident at once to any debtor. When it's left to yon to say What amount you mean to pay. Why. the lower you can put it at, the better. When it's left to you to cay, &0. They then proceed to trade with all who'll trust 'em, Quite irrespective of their capital (It's shady, but it's sanctified by custom); Bank, Uailway. Loan, or Panama CanaL You can't embark on trading too tremendous— It's strictly fair, and based on common sen be — If you succeed, your profits are stupendous— And if you fail, pop goes your eigh teen pence. Make the money-spinner spin! For you only eland to win, And you'll never with dishonesty be twitted. For nobody can know. To a million or so, To what extent your capital's committed! If yon come to grief, and creditors are craving (For nothing that is planned by mortal head Is certain in this Vale of Sorrow —saving That one's Liability is Limited) — Do too suppose that signifies perdition ? If so you're but? monetary dance— You merely file a Winding-np Petition, And start another Company at once? Though a Rothschild you may be In your own capacity. As a Company you've come to utter Borrow— But the Liquidators say, *• Never mind—you needn't pay," So yon start another Company to-morrow. In the second act we find that "Utopia (Limited)" has proved a great sucoess. In the first Ecene we have made acquaintance with a lovely view of one of the happy isles, a land surrounded by azure sky and azure water, and yielding golden palm-trees and silver strands. In the next we have the " Throne Room in the Palace,"' a magnificent set in v.'bich Oriental splendour is tastefully combined with the modnlated effulgence of the electric light. Mr. Hawes Craven (by pennipaion of Mr. Henry Irving) is re sponsible for the scenery, and on this occa sion the veteran artist has beaten his own re cord. Captain Fitzbattleaxe, who has been in command of the escort of " Firxt Life Guards'' in attendance upon the Princess Zaraon her voyage from England to Utopia, U paying his court to the young lady. No difficulties are raised to his suit, nor to the pairing of the I-iord Chamberlain and the Company Promoter (now raised to the dignity of Comptroller of the Utopian Household) with the Princesses Xakaya and Kalyba (Misses Emma Owen and Florence Perry). To inaugurate the company King Paramount holds a court at which all the forms of an English drawing-room are carefully copied, from the entrance of the state officials headed by the- Uentlemen-at-Arms down to the last presentation of the youngest debutante. The King wears the uniform of an English field-marshal (which he declares "to those who have been accustomed to the uncontrolled use of their limbs, is at first a little oramping"), and before holding his court, presides at a Cabinet council. He thus sums up the results of the working of the Limited Liability Act in Utopia :— Society has quite forsaken all her wicked courtes. Which empties our police courts, and abolishes divorces. Choecs. Divorce is nearly obsolete in England King. No toleranoe we show to undeserv ing rank and splendor; For the higher his position is, the greater the offender. Chores. That's a maxim that is pre / Talent in England. King. No peeres? at our Drawing-room before the Presence passes Who wouldn't be accepted by the lower-middle classes. Eaoh shady dame, whatever be her rank, is bowed oat neatly. Crobcs. In ebort this happy country has been Anglicised completely! It really is surprising What a thorough Anglicising We Lave brought about—Utopia's qnite another land; In her enterprising movements, She is England—with improve ments. Which we dutifully offer to our mother-land! Kino. Oar city we have beautified—we've done it willy-nilly— And all that isn't BeUrrave-Bqnare is Strand and Piccadilly. Chorus. We haven't any elummeries in England! King. We havp Folvnd the labor question with discrimination polished, So poverty is obsolete and hunger is abolished— Chorus. We are going to abolish it in England. Kikg. The Chamberlain our native stage has purged, beyond a question, Of " risky" situation and indelicate suggestion. No piece is tolerated if it's costumed indiscreetly— Chorus. In short, this happy country has been Anglicised completely! King. Our Peerage we've remodelled on an intellectual basis, Which certainly is rough on our hereditary races — Chorus. We are going to remodel it in England. King. The Brewers and the Cotton Lords uo longer seek admission. And Literary Merit mutts with proper recognition— ! ChOECE. As Literary Merit does in England 1 King. Who know? bnt we may count among oar intellectual chickens Like you, an Karl of Thackeray and pVaps a Duke of Dickens— Lord Fildes and Viscount Millais (when they come) we'll 'welcome eweetly— Caonrs. In short, this happy country has been Anglicised completely! All goes well for a while until the Utopians come to the conclusion that they are too perfect. Then there- is a reaction, and the eubjecta of King Paramount clamor for a change of government. At this moment the Prinoese Zara remembers that Kngland owes her greatness to party feeling. Sine ex claims :— Government by Party! Introduce that great and glorious element —at once the bulwark and foundation of England's 'great ness—and all mill be well: £io political measures will endure, because one Party will assuredly undo all tkat the other Party has done: inexperienced civilians will govern your army and your navy j no social reforms will be attempted, because outof vice, squalor, and drunkenness no political capital is to be made; and while grouse is to be shot, and foxes worried to deatb, the legislative action of the country will be at a standstill. Then there will be sickness in plenty, endless law suits, crowded jails, interminable confusion in the army and navy, and, in abort, general and unexampled prosperity! The suggestion ie adopted with enthusiasm, Scaphio and Phantis (wno have been plotting against the state) are ordered inco custody, and all ends happily. King Paramount declares that from that moment government by party should be adopted with all its attendant blessings, and henceforward Utopia should no longer be known as a Monarchy (Limited), but as something a great deal better a " Limited Monarchy!" And with a return to a military chorus that had welcomed the appearance of the First Life Guards, the curtain falls for the second and last time. Mr. Gilbert's dialogue is full of good thing*. The author has obtained a reputa tion for scoffing at "the young person,"and even in " Utopm(l<imited)"hejeerBat the mock modesty and prudish airs of the modern Miss. In revenge (as the French would say) be has written an admirable song in praise ot English maidenhood, the final Terse of which ib worth recording. And this excerpt snail be our last quotation:— Her eoul is sweet as the ocean air, For prudery knows no haven there: To find mock modesty, please apply To the conscious blush and the downcast eye. Rich in the things contentment brings. In every pure enjoyment wealthy. Blithe as a beautiful bird she unga, For body and mind are bale and healthy. Her eyes they thrill with right goodwill— Her heart is light as a floating feather— As pure and bright as the mountain rill Tnat leaps and laughs in the Highland heather. Go search the world and search the sea. Then come you home and sing with me, There's no such gold and no such pearl As a bright and beautiful Eagliah girL Mr. Jno. Hare and the Garriok company, including Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft, are to appear at Balmoral in the famous revival of "Diplomacy" on the 24th inst. This is not the first time Mr. Hare has been commanded to Court. Only last autumn he and his pro vincial company played " A Pair of Spec tacles" before her Majesty. Mr. EL B. Irving, jun., commonly known as Harry Irving, has not after all left the stage. Those who have once tasted the glamor of the footlights seldom do. Mr. Irving will take the title role of Robert Buchanan's new play "{Sheridan" when "Sowing the Wind," likely to run a year or more, ceases to attract at the Comedy Theatre. "Not know G. W. Hunt?' said a scarlet beaked veteran to a pasty-faced office boy as they hobnobbed over their alcohol at a West end musio-hall and discussed the said Hunt's benefit. "Mr. Hunt, sir," avowed the speaker, "stopped the Russo-Turkish war. He wrote, 'We don't want to fight, but by jingo,' &o.; t and, mark you, we Britons sung it that 'earty night after night that the Czar rackemised — 'The Russians shall not *aye Con- etan-ti-no-ple'—and gov np trying for it. As for Mr. 'Unt, the Sultan wrote 'im a letter of thanks for his kindly feelins towards the Turkish Empire. I reckon that letter and a couple of 'quid' (sovereigns) was all he cot out of the song. Bnt Maoder mott, he raked in the shekels proper." I actually overhead this conversation. An extremely comical and perhaps not alto gether impromptu addition was made to the programme of the Royal Aquarium entertain ment the other evening. During the antics of come knockabout artists a ghost is introduced, and one of the characters who is supposed to be terribly frightened thereat, rnthes about the stage emitting most frantic yells, and en deavonne to escape from the spiritual visitant. The celebrated troupe of performing dogs which oomo next in the programme, and which were placidly waiting at the wings, became tremendously excited at the noise, and suddenly rushed on the stage in a body and made for the ghost. The latter skipped on to a table in the centre of the stage, and there, surrounded by the whole barking paok, implored someone to call off the dogs. Iv ever, probably, did a spectre so entirely lose bia dignity. The audience was convulsed with laughter, and it was some little time before the programme could be proceeded with. It struck a good many people after wards that they had to thank Mr. Ritohie's advertising genius for this little diversion. Had the thing been entirely impromptu the ghost would certainly nave been mauled by the collies, for his position on the table was no bar to their getting at him bad they desired to do so. Miss Loie Fuller, the introducer cf ser pentine banning, probably received the highest stun ever paid to a danoer in England. Her manager has just made a statement which fills one with a great wonder, qualified by a trifle of—some thing else. According to Mr. Grace, "La Loie: s" terms with the Gaiety management were that she ehould nave one-half the gross receipts over £133, and if the receipts did not reach that sum she should receive nothing. A similar arrangement was made with Shaftss bury Theatre, the lady doing two "turns" per night. Cn the first evening Miss Fuller's share amounted to £1 from the Gaiety and ' - nix :> from the Charing Cross-road house, but on the following Saturday the receipts had run np, so that she was paid £93 by the Gaiety and £SS by the Sbafteabury. or a total for one evening's work of £181! Both Miss Fuller and her manager are Americans "by birth and education." The Drury Lane pantomime box office is to be opened on Monday next. The preliminary " puff pars " are already in circulation, for, in accordance with bis custom, Sir Augustus Harris has lifted just a corner of the curtain and divulged a few stage secrets. The simple tale of Robinson Crusoe is the dish chosen by Druriolanus for his patrons, but it will be garnished in the usual gorgeous Drury Lane fashion. A principal feature of the pantomime will be a magnificent procession—an "object lesson" for the nineteenth century child—to be called "The history of England in twenty minutes." Sir Augustus has attempted some thing of this kind before, but the memory of all Drury Lane prozeesions is to be effaced by the splendors of that of 1893. It -will be the crowning effort in Btage effect of Sir Augustus's career. The company engaged is remarkably strong. Ada Blanche, the best "boy" on the modern stage since Nellie Farren's retirement, will be Kobineon Crusoe; Marie Lloyd will "wink the other eye" as Poliy, the publican's daughter; and Dan Leno. the inimitable, is cast for Mr. Crusoe. Herbert Campbell of course will figure in the piece; no Drury Lane show would be complete minus that " fat funniosity." For the ballet scenes the incomparable Zuoohi has been specially engaged, and j£nea, after an absence of several years, will perform aerial nights among the wines and flies. The harle quinade is to be revived in "up to date" fashion, and the famous, Alberteiri has been engaged for harlequin. Harry Fain will of course be clown. London, October 20. Despite the characteristic and amusing manifestoes of ''Honest John" (Mr. Eollings head) and an admirable band and chorus I fear the operatic version of our venerable friend, "Green Bushes," is not likely to "oatchon" with a modern audience. On Monday the humors of Jack Gong and Mr. Grinnidge, at which we are told our grandfathers held their sides, fell very flat. The onlookers felt more inclined to titter when Miami, she impassioned huntress in the wildest districts of* Amelia in 1747. descended from the bridge which spans, the ravine and began to warble a particularly up-to-date waltz measure to her lover. Mr. Gilbert baa, to tell the truth, spoiled us for plays like Buckstona's old melo drama. Even without the music "Miami" would seem full of incongruities, but the ballads and cavatinas and duets and choruses dropped in from time to time heighten its absurdity considerably. Kot that Mr. Haydn Parry's score is weak. On the contrary, many of the numbers are melodious and charming, and will be freely used in the drawing-room and on the concert platform. Mrs. Kielty, the veteran actress, now in her 88th year, was present in the stalls of Drury Lane last Saturday morning, and after the third act went round to congratulate Mrs. Bernard Baere on her performance of tbe be trayed heroine. Tbia actress has, it is gene rally conceded, never been seen to greater advantage than at Drury Lane, the huge stage of which just suite her graceful, etreepingetvle and clear ringing voice. If tbe Lord Chamberlain had, as was rumored, refused to license the new up-to date Vaudeville, entitled "A Gaiety Girl," which was produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre on Saturday last, there would have been really little to wonder at. A more daring caricature has never been placed on the stage than that of Sir Alfred Grey, judge of the Divorce Court. This white - haired functionary, who is given to expiate rather freely in society npon tbe details of cases' that have come before him in his official capacity, who with insinuating __ gallantry assures a married lady that ehe is " far too charming a woman to be handed over to the tender mercies of one man," and who finally contends with an army chaplain in full clerical costume for the privilege of peep ing into a bathing machine in _ which a lady is preparing for a dip in the sea, was on Saturday continually addressed as " Sir Francis." Sir Alfred also relates with considerable unction how he onse rebuked " Mr. Candlewick, <s>.C," in this wise, llis learned brother had taunted a witness who was suing for divorce with the infamy ot " employ ing a private detective to spy upon bis wife." " Did you expect," was the judicial comment, " the Archbishop of Canterbury to undertake the job, Mr. Candlewick '?' In a like frivolous mood the white-haired judge, having been told that Miss Alma Somerset, a young lady whom he meets an a garden party, is a "Gaiety girl" observes, "Then I daresay we shall lTinirft her acquaintance later on"—a remark which is echoed by the Lady Virginia Forrest in the observation, " I daresay the Gaiety girl will find it useful to ingratiate herself with a judge—especially with a judgo of the Divorce Court." Of such is the dialogue of ** A Gaiety GicT' after—on «sit—a vigorous use of bine pencil by the official censor of plays. The wonder v that he passed it at aIL Mr. James Davis, the author of "A Gaiety Girl," was originally one of 2£r. Jno. Corlett's young men, and wrote under the norn de plume of "Stalled Ox" in the Pink 'Un theatrical notes both crisp and critical. Later he started The Bat, which was for a time tbe most audacious and crisply written of all the society weeklies. It came to grief, however, through libelling Lord Durham, and Mr. Davis had to fly the country, leaving, it is said, sundry unpaid contributors behind. Shortly afterwards Mr. Davis's wite inherited a large fortune, but he did not at ones settle up with bia journalistic creditors, and Augustus Moore and others attacked him very viciously. A year (or rather more perhaps) ago, Mr. Davis managed to persuade Lord Durham to accept apologies and damages (or at least law costs) and returned to England. Whiltt abroad he wrote chieiiy for Truth, many of the "Queer Stories" coming from his pen. The action of the new American piece "Incog," rechristened "Tom, Dick, and Harry," turns to a great extent on the close resemblance between the brothers Dick and Harry Winter. The photo of one of these being found by quick-witted Tom Stanhope (needless, to say Mr. Hawtrey's part) whose lave affairs are not going smoothly, he obtains a suggestion for a disguise and is soon recog nised by one lady as her husband and by another as her betrothed. Then of course there is Tom's real sweetheart to reckon with. Complications last through three acts, and are very funny. 