" How Shall We Decide This Question t" ' Now, which it the worse — to haoe no appetite for pour dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite f Thero are lots of people on the ono side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is tiro ideal attitude of a person towards hiamoals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we oither hove too maoh food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to havo an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation lino, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't feel liko eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." I Xo ifluotrate. vv e rooeutiy received a com- muniontion in which tho writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his naturo rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Lot Mm olesr the mystery himself. He Bays, "In the year 1889 I ohanged my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at onoe, eo to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bod, so that orilinaiy articles of diet scorned to loso thoir flavour ; tho palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. Ono thing was liko another, and none was good. My tonguo was coated and furred, with a dark lino down tho middio and yollow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the ohost and shoulders, which were always right before I hod eaten anything. Then I was greatly trouhlod with wind. It would gathor so it felt liko a ball in uiy throat, and act as if it would choke me." Wo cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failod to do justico to his meals. Ho adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were tonohod with somo sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of whioh was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," ho says, "tho thought of oating, and many a scanty meal have I mads, for I was afraid to eat, " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happon, and this caused mo to loso a good aoal of sleep." What ho means by tho fear of " something going to happon" is, of course, the four of somo calamity, suoh as tho loss of his position, his own death, or tho death of somebody door to Mm. This was duo, as ho intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (tho life bearer), bis unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by look of nourishment, Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho creatures of a restless and un- governod imagination. ' With great difficulty," he save, " I stook to my work, for I hud a wifo ana family do- ponding on mo. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of desoription. I am sure no one hoe etitfered so 'muoh as I have done." In tho latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. Ono's own pain is one's own, and h always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. Thoro is a countless multitude who are all tho whilo going through tiro samo wretched exporioneo, only wo don't happon to como in touch with them. Well, tho writer finally montions that after all medical treatment hud left him where it found him ho ohunccd to road in a book of a oase exactly like his own having boon ourod by Mother Soigol's Syrup. " My wifo," ho says, "got mo a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodloaford, and aftor using its contents tho ailment left mo and has novor returned sinoe that fortunate dav. I should like the wholo world to know what it did for mo. I have boon employed by tho Midland Railway Company for 11 yoors. (Blgnod) "CteoEon Hunt, " Oar Bottom read. "Apperloy Bridgo, noar Leeds." . Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's dosire, In ordor that part of tho world at least may know haw thankful ho Is and for what reason, ' 