roppy ukd. ' AS IT WAS AND AS th I MHAT a fool you veree;c; ? human being- ir^ j* your beloved Cromer. Whv eo, vi ? let it alone? Why on earth did f'*® keep it to yourself ?' These are iklZM and taunting remarks that are hurled * summer at my offending bead. I c eraS being a benefactor to the instead of being allowed to pride my own unselfishness. T t — yse!i looked upon as a tainted or su^J' person. 'Look here, old fellow TlB delightful little place of my nL m the country,' observed a friend tl day, 'and r «h„„ld ifc very much to stay K like, but — well— will you nmmiJ your oath you will not write about iPV honestly, I do want to keep it tomv'u ° to give the slip to the tripper ' long years ago I first made theacni^'^®' of Cromer, and it was then thee I believe, the most romantic seas.de ^ England. It had no great hotel* J no bathing machines, and no band's ^ were good enough for us then : our' machines were the clefts cliffs, our music came fronT ?? musicians. I walked out before '' and saw the sun sink Runton ^ solitary pilgrim. H ever wakeful at tl 0 clock in the mornine, I could haw the sun rise over by the Lighthouse n|S standing on the turf that I entirely to myself- woulri be adm^U ™« golf. The green landscape -vas not ' starred with red -brick villas. ThP r e had it all their own way. One mc,2f wandered aimlessly over this eofr ' 'V cliff, and found myself in the m0n rnm, of Norfolk villages. I leaned 0^7^ gate, and looked enviously into a rosc-anl * 1 brokeoneof theCommandments. fe my neighbour's house, and h*, the tTi'i6 of Sidcstrand, repaid my mgratitarfc J making me his fric-nd for life. And h dwelt, under the shadow of the old null ^ here I discovered the Garden of Sleep D here 1 became acquainted with the 2=^° and the villagers, aud here I have liv^ ? and off, spring, summer, autumn J winter, up to this very hour. For i writing these lines in the very room it -j! same table, and sitting on thesam^ij as when, in that rash but generous I despatched the first of the 'IWvk, Papers' to the Deify T--.:1rarh. and'sr gest-ed there were joys to be found jn m mer holidays outside fashion, and dress an promenade, and society, at the seaside But there are other sinners besidi myself. It is not fair to make me sh bear the burden of this crime of pnblicir Scarcely was the ink dry that prjtf ' Poppyland,' in the largest circulation's the world, ere George R. Simms arrived i advertise the glories of the Cromer -fert in his ' Dagonet cohimn in tne worit known lic/crc*:. Here, at the tab where I write, sitting in icy cha:r. sn dipping his pen into the inka; presented to me one Christ- eia* bv -i villagers of Sidcstrand. the excelle 'Dagonet' exchanged sentiment for h own delightful humour. He hushed, i chaffed, and made the place notoricu?, J drove the predecessor of ' Faun ' abecrd Norfolk lanes, and lost hi? way at »i-gn:fsi But the genial Sinis loves pood comjw He opened the stag; door and lit th;:sW at Poppyland. Here he brought ffik Barrett to write play* : here he ciodara poor Robert Reecc to breathe some frewi once more when he was f- f.-'rnw here came Henry Pettitt to collaborate George Simms in the old milliards?). Ii profession, once tempted, pjured a Poppyland. Beerbohm Tree nreasid Hamlet in the Old Mill House, aod s::d studied the Prince of 1 Vnmark m a sedadi arbour at 'Northrepps. ' George liersad is well known at Runton and Sherrrnriu Hermann Vezin loves to tithe k On strand beach. Ah 1 me, but I forge- 'fi old table at which I write i; far ra famous than any of you ^ in a::3 Here, Algernon Charles Swmt-ar wrote A Midsummer Hobday. Wr-J bis friend, Theodore Watts, pew sonnets in the blue china (iinintr-iwtn. F.\ij poems, essays, stories, leader?, oesur.-n papers, have all been written m this siirji little room, dear to me by many a dSLignt! memory. And it is ten yeai^ see Jt' Louie opened the white eate tome, that the traveller uiight rest. Only : seconds ago the faith; u! Louie opensdt door to just such another traveler. » a?snred him that there itftabwtcj had ior love or money between fchTiisgin and Mundesley. Well, what do you think ' They ha built a Grand Hotel, and are de- urmp: new and splendid Pier t:ur is w to kiosques and shops, and a the.itre ai ing platform at he end. There are h*'*1 music all over the place. There are ^ don kevsand donkey -chaises a* modern', as at Scarborough. The primitive '? Cromer of old is fringed re-.;r?'i mr scs houses. Poets, like Mr. Sampson- tc and politicians, such a? Mr. Mr. Cyril Flower, and Mr- 'lo'n make Poppyland their home. ,i,rJ links that I dreamed abont on t ne L ^ house Cliff are an accomplished tact. ^ sands swarm with tents and tennis - Over strand, that was once a ;!j,, humble fishermen's cottagcs. is let of bungalows and villas- 1 e - lanes, trodden so few years ag1 ,f/ ^ husbandman, fisher, and p-jstir.an ec ^ the shouts of excuvsionisis ar-a - makers. Omnibuses, cJi^r-a ettes, donkey- chaises, go in one stream all dav between romer ana ^ ingham. The old mill my co has dropped its arms m horror at t .t -- ? i It has tumbled down ana ' ghost, the Garden of ^ePhaV* trampled upon by visitors has fallen half -down into . From morning until night- e«m- ' gaze into our rose ^rden. ? over my white gate, and babble con ? ' Poppyland ! Poppyland ! -- , ? more— they ent laughingly, *n ^ relics of Dagonet, Swinburne, e \ „ bohm Tree, and Wilson Barrett. . ^ offer bribes for Swinburne s * Dagonet's pipe. They have been enthusiastic ladies these— toafkia - sit in the chair of the author o p,. land Papers,' and to handle h:s pe - dea^rs ! So, after all, wasitvho . ., open to the world the gate- J.-j. Poppyland ? Some one else ^ question. May they »U be a. as I have been. Deo Gratiot . in The Idler. ? ~ 