Baiting a Crocodile. When we arrived at the town of Indur- bad, on the north fork of the Gadavey river, province of Deccan, India, the natives besought us to destroy a monstrous croco- dile which had infested the river for the past two years, and which had devoured no less than 22 men, women and children, be- sides many head of cattle. The natives of southern India do not hold the crocodile in such veneration as do the people along the Ganges and other northern rivers. As a rule they will let the saurian alone until he begins to attack human beings, and will then do their best to destroy him. The river made a bend in front of the town, and right there was about 15 feet deep for half a mile up and down. It was in this deep spot the reptile had his head- quarters. Some said he was 30 feet long, and all were agreed that he was at least 25, and he had escaped their vengeance so long that he had become unusually bold. On the morning of our arrival he had seized and carried off a woman who was getting ready to wash some clothing on the bank, and so there was no use baiting for him that night. On the next evening, however, we killed a young goat, twisted our big crocodile hook into him and left the bait just where the woman had been seized. Next to the hook was 10 feet of chain. At- tached to the chain were 60 feet of new 2 inch rope, with the end made fast to a tree. Two natives were set to watch the bait, and it was just at daybreak that they aroused us with the news that the crocodile had taken the bait. Everybody in the vil- lage at once turned out. On getting down to the stream we found that the monster had run out the full length of the rope and then gone to the bottom. A pull on the line satisfied us that the hook was fast in his throat, and then 20 of the stoutest na- tives grabbed hold to haul him in. They brought him a few yards, and then he made a rush which dragged them back to the water. The head man ordered 20 more to seize the rope, thus making 40 laying out all their strength. It was a hard and bitter fight. Four or five different times the crocodile pulled that whole gang clear down to the water, and it was a full hour before they got him to the bank. As soon as his bead was out of water the major and I fired at his eyes, and both our bullets counted. Blinded and wounded unto death, the saurian charged right up the bank, turned to the left down the main street and knocked two huts to pieces by blows of his mighty tail before he gave up the ghost. In his fury he seized a log of pepul wood, which is far tougher than oak or hickory. This log was 10 feet long and 1 foot thick, and he crumbled it into matchwood at a single bite. When we came to put the tape line on him, we found his length to be 21 feet 4 inches. Somo of his teeth were 5 Inches long. On ripping him open the remains of his last victim were found, and also brass and sil- ver ornaments belonging to three or four more. 