THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TALE OF THRILLIu INTEREST, IT II.LEN COIi\IN PIERCE, Authoress of ' Lovely Nell," "A Battle for Lve ."" Doubly Do,med," "A Little Siren," lItara?.9l ' Fate," "Iaiea the Beautiful." Two Fortunes," "Strangely Severed, Sc. CIIAIPTER X. .UlILLi'S COURS, SYour mother is a very rich woman, is vhe nt !'" Doc:or Varle said to his com I as n a they movel down the hall. SI:? nough; but it don't do me much S., Jasper answered, sourly. I' ts hs made her will f" " I ,on't know. If she has, it is all left to Kvn She is not fond enough of mti to 1..g,' ,m anytthing." Stut youI are en. If she di.s without Swill, it comes to you naturally, and if she lh' ves it to him,you get it So all you have to do is to see she don't leave it to ay ,n else. Is there any outsider she is likely to will it to f" ' .Not that I know of." " All right. Now, you take me to my p'i ant, and then go as:k and square thtn- up with your mother. You must talk her over. Eridently she distrusts me. She suspects that I am here for no gooi. You must banish that mistrust and suspicion from her mind It must be dnme if you want to succeed in all you have plhuned. You can't get along without the old lady, my friend." Jasper must have followed this sage advice, and succeeded in "talking his mother over." Some two or three minutes later Madam ,uel appeared in her daughter-in-law's apartments .he had made an el"gant toilet. She w.? calm, serene, almost like herself. She had come, she told Sibyl. with an affable air, to tell her who Doctor Varle ?so, and why be had come to ItRnleon why she had been so agitated at :eein; him. " II' is an old friend of my father's family, and one to whom we are under many obligations," she said. " You gsve him a strange rec'pt:ion for an old friend," Sibyl interpo,ýl, lifting lsrge. contemptuous eyes to malim's face. "II' is a great student," madam went 4 on, without noticing the interruption, "and knowing how quietly we live, besides want inc to pay us a visit, he has asked permis sin to bring his books and occupy a rom in the tower for awhile." Sibyl started violently at mention of the tower, and a deadly pallor swept over t.e beautiful face. " I told him the tower was said to be haunted, but of course e would not care I for anything of that sort," madam went on, smiling. "Then Doctor Varle is to occupy a room in the tower ?" Sibyl asked breathlessly. Madam Ruel looked at her keenly for a moment. "Yes," she answered, slowly, watch. ing Sibyl;, "the servants are now pr. paring him. arsitting-room and bel-room on this floor. Of course, all those rocati have been shut up so long they are in a sad condition with dust, mould, andl ot webs, but the doctor will not ii,ten to a word of delay, lie hbs got some wonder. fnl book he is writing nearly done, and wants. to get at it at once and fit ish it. So we are trying to get his aroms ready for him to.take possession of them to night."' "Which.room-are you preparing for me?" Sibyl 'asked, rising and facing madam excitedly as she was about to go. "You, dear child ?" madam exclaimed. What a question I Do you want one of those dreadful tower rooms, to? " Sibyl looked, at her steadily a moment. Her li s were white, but they did not tremble a particle, and there was no falter ing in the sseet voire as she sail: " Do you think you can impose on me. madam, with your absurd story of studying and writing a book ? Do you imagine for one moment that I do not know what Doctor Varle is here for as well as you do?" Madam Ruel smiled a little. She could afford to. Had not Jasper, in obedience to his pale familiar's suggestion, succaeded in infusing her sick and aching heart with something like hope? She smiled faintly, thern fore, under that infuence. lInt the hope was destined to be almost as transient as the smile was faint and fleeting. "I have told you what he is here for. If you do not believe me, I cannot help it," she said. Then she opened the door, and waiting for no more, went out of the room. Sbyl turned to bliss Garr, and caught her hands. "Oh, that awful tower, Prudence !" she cried, in wild exctement. " Do you know they say no one ever occupies tho:e rooms w:noat a tragedy following ? Shall I tell yoou what tragedy is coming now? They rcr going to shut me up there with that homrle doctor to watch me and pretend I ac ual till I go mad really or die with terror of him." She clung to Miss Garr with cold and frembling hands. The sweet, white face rs drenched in tears. Prudence, stay with me, hold me fast! Dn' t let them separate us, will you ?" said She laid her lovely heard on Prudence's shoulder, and sobbed hystericallv. Mias; Itrr soothed her with cheerful and lr:r; w.,rda. She held her fast in her trz, :treng arms. She promised never to leave her. Suld.nly Sibyl stool up, drying her eyes :i laughing aloud, mockingly. "I am nit afraid I" she said. " I will t'l. : tCIa naIkhe e afraill Coume, let u 0 and ree my ft,ture prison, andl if that d-:::'s ?ad doctor is there, I will look in it; taIful fa:e and scil0 defiance at M i,. Garr would hare persuaded her to -:.=n: in her own room, but it was use A' they went along, Sibyl said : " Ihre are a great many queer stories cf thic place thy call the tiwer. They all :t the' cure,, and soms people Islieve it :nnot be destroyed. It was built Iby a Fr, tihman, who muroderd his u-wife in one cIf tie roums,, ant then hung himself. It is gr'eat utan years older than the main ,ulll ,d, and they say the mansion itself tEU .,n sevrsl tims de?troyed, by fire, hu: the tower cscapd, or was somehow ?a~el. each time. It is built entirely of mahgany logs, brought from a great dis tlao, and at immunse expense. " T'here is a wonderful carved door lead in; into it, covered with scroll work, birds, faiers, and all sarts of fantastic ltiures d,.e exquisitely, and they say that any ote who haris the ,ti?a?ce can trace out Ilainly among all those fis lines and that 'u.er carrving the words ' Ilell'-n's Curs.' Ah, here we are " she, conclud?el, as they iame in sight of a short, wide papage iith a high, large arched door at each ex tremity. 'l'heso doors were open, and servants were hurrying to and fro through the pa.?nage. As they passed on, Miss Oarr notiled that the inner dlor at the further ex. tremaity ,f liss short corridor was covered with an ,lasborate :arting. 'They found themelrves in a large square room, with a fine, tall double window looking toward the gaurden, from before which a man waas at this moment cutting away the large mases of iry which had overgrown it. Sibyl shot a swift glances maround the room, almost expecting to see somewheire the pale- viusagel doctor of whom she had ch a hosor. But he wau not there. Beside thb open wisdow, watchi6 the man cut the ivy, stood the girl who called herself Lucy Venner to everybody here but Jasper f'rince. Sic turned at Sibyl's and Miss Garr's entrance and fired her lustrous, jewel-like eyes on the beautiful, dark fte: of the forlmer with a strange expression. Sibyl looked back at her like one fas cinated She recognised the girl who had brought the telegram to the impostor the night before. It was not a face to forget easily. She felt a sort of gratitude toward her for being the means, even indirectly as she sup'osed, of removing that hateful pre setuce from her room, and she smiled at her. T'le girl only returned a cold, almost insolent stare. Suddenly Sibyl turned to Miss Garr, clutching her arm with violence, her face like ashes. " Ilrk What was that i" she breathed, hoarsely, her burning gaze fastened on a distant door. At that very moment, the door, as if blown by a strong gust of wind, flow open, and tv.eryone in the room heard a: dread tfl, wild, agonising cry that seemed to sweep through the aperture as if from some, upper region. " Lily! Lily! Lily!" came with awful, horrible dstiuctnes.s. l'rudetice threws both arms around Sibyl, whose looks frightened her. " Let me go It is the name he always called me by ! lie is here-he is here " Sibyl cried, huskily. CIIAI'I'El' XI. THE STORE-ROOM. Through the open door ran Sibyl. " My darling'! my darling! my darling!" she kept crealuing. Beyond the door, she found herself in a haund.ote octagon-shaped hall, originally lighted be a sky-light of .tained glass. This was now covered with the thick ivy which hadl ,ro rn over the whole of the tower, and the hall would have been en tirely dirk but fur the light of the room behind her. A pretty winding stairway, with gilded rails and velvet carpet, sprung airily away upwaird. Irhmbling in every limb, so that she cou?l scarcelyv keep from falling, Sibyl be an in dcsperate baste to mount the st Lrs. Stumbling at every step is her excite mnt, sec at last reached tile first landing, and ram:n suddenly face to face wisl Jasper Pri:ce just emerging frIom a roosm, t he door ot cwhie he shut quickly as he E?w her, andl stool haning against the paneled wall with choking breath. "She heard him ! Goo'l heavens, what shall w', do now ?" he muttered, hoarsely. lie hadl taken the band.ige from his head again, and without it he l.sked, in the halt ?hlram, more like his hapless brother than ever. For the third and laEt time' that marvel Ions and startling hkenisi dececied the u'happy and desperately wronged young rife. But only for the fragment of a secoid. " Kenrickk!" she cr amed, and fell back, hudidering from head to foot with a sick ,,rr r that was like death. " You?" sha; eja :lated, faintly. 'Oh, iod-oh, heaven! mtist it be always you ?' Tie scsin on n e beautiful f.ee, thb ligut if contempt in the lovely eyes, were pl.l t i see even in that dim place. " tIe is here solmew.here," Sibyl mur moure I to herself, but aloud. T'lnn, in i raised v?e,', she called: " Kenrick: Kenrick '" An in-tant's breathiess silence followed Jasp"-r's tongue clove to the roof ,f his mouth. lie tried to speak, to make a noise, to drown any reply that might cone to that piteous call. But the worls stuck in his throat, and his limbs refused to move. mlhn both heard some slight sounds To Sibyl's excited fancy, it seemed as if smou?ine or something was moving in the roun, behind the impostor-the room sit hbd just seen him come out of and shut the door with an air of haste and trepida tion I" believe he is in there," she said, fix ing a bright, level gaze on Jasper's chang ing face. "Stand aside, and let me see what is in that room behind you." Miss Garr had followed Sibyl from the r•em below. She stood very near. The servants who were preparing the chamber for I)ocitr Varlo had come to the door of the octagon hall, and were listening eagerly. " My dearest," Jasper said, in entreating tines, for the benefit of the listeners, " I will show you the ro.om, certainly; there is nothing in it but old furniture But do not speak so loud, I beg of you The ser vants will think you are crazy to be going on this way, calling me in that high tra gedy voice, when I am right here with youn." "Open that door !" was all the answer she made lie turned and slowly opened it. Sibyl and Miss Garr pressed forward. Jasper lightel some matches and showed them that the room contained nothing but old furniture. It seemed a mere storage place for decrepit tables, chairs, invalided ward. robes and bureaus, era:ked mirrors, pie ture frames, and all such odds and ends as accumulate in large houses. It was crammed with these, even to the ceiling, and so near the door as to barely leave roomn to open it. " Ar, you satisfied " Jasper asked, in a sneering voice. " Will you allow me to close the door ?" T'he two ladies drew back. Japer shut the door. Sibyl was quite calm by this time. She hald itnitlerel the fierce agitation that had sizerd her at sound of the voice she believe] to hare been her husband's. She turned to Miss Garr. "fIII you htvr somesone call I.ily three times j:'t now as the door flew open and I rn ot 1' " lhd," tliss Garr ars-oered. ' Every. tclr in the ho,?e heardn it. I guoe-s." " flit it sornl hke this man's voice U' "Nsot In thI least." ,, Novertheleos, it was mine," .Inper sail c sily. "I did not know, darling, that you were any?whele rear. But I was thinking about you very intently, and feeling very nbappy ov?er ,ur treatment of me, the saranlle hallucinalotin hich has taken Inch comp ete p1,sessiin of you concerning me. In In. dii.tres of mind I ttereld your name \- the (ill pet tnanme I used to call .oou by -hen we a er" 51 htialiy." , 'ur" e brT!' hl t hel tr- Uh her tight ,hbot teih "It was not you. That was my tlu-,,a?nt who calkid me. whelther In the hoey or nvi, yiu know toir. l'erh.p you have mutrtred him. Certainrly you cuthi never hare obtained that ing of his which you are wearinp by any fair means I" A cdj l.,9 ntty wluitecne-i went sudienly trer :Le impator's face like a flash. Ill. black yevs glostd like dull eoals. All at once tIt, Ie carite again, from s'me wahsre nlr.Ir. tit ISOUIi which hat startled h-tl Irforte-" siun as of some violent ton'Os.t nt - smtonee ,tcrlung, perhaps. " l, you hear that I' sr e hissed In an ex. crled hispcr to P'rudenlce. nKari k! Kenrick Ob, Kenrick I Ken rick l" ohs shrirket For erhapi a seconl of time the impostor sthol as if stunned, but with an awful look of ming fear and rage on his dak, ashy The, seining Sibrl violently by the arm, h' trild to pull her towarl the stairs, but by a sft'I, deft movement she released herelf ant for, ! him with glittering eyes. 11 w dare you tounch me I" she erie. " I'll touch you to some purpe*e II yon don't stop screeching like that "' ho said. L* [ tluin to think as my mother says, that the test pilace for you is where they pot other luonatics atd know how to tSke care of them " "Thanks," returned Sibyl ici'y. S8he mored a few steps toward a seond stairway leading u pwind. ',Where are you going now l" he de. manldel. "I am going to see what is in those upper chlunhers." He scowled at her angrily. " there is nothing up there but dust and dirt. I don't suppose anyone has been in side them for years. The servants never go near thein, and would not for any money. They are so afraid of ghosts." " I wish to see them." 11? stood some moments glowering at her and thinking it over. " 'ery well," he said at last, in a sullen voice-" you shall see them. You would st and there a week, I've no doubt, sooner than not get your own way. I will show you the rooms, but we must have a light ihe ivy has grown over all the windows till it is as dark as pitch up there. Come down in the lower room and wait till I can get a lamp." "We will wait here," said Sibyl. "No, you won't. You'll do as I say, or you won't see the rooms at all!" he de clared, fiercely. " Do as he says, dear. What does it matter?" whispered Miss Garr. Sibyl yielded reluctantly. Something some voice within her seemed to rise up and say, " Don't go." Yet she went. Jasper quietly locked the door of the store-roorm before going with them, and Sibyl noticed that he did so with a vague feeling of uneasiness. The listeners in the lower hall scattered at their approach. Jasper sent one of th.m after a lamp, and Sibyl and Miss Garr sat down on a velvet sofa while they waited. ihoe impostor, at an almot imperceptible signal from the girl his mother called Lucy Venner, went over to the window, where she was by herself now, the man who had been cutting the ivy htaving finished his job and gone. fitore was a faint, sarcastic gleam in the lovely greenish-grey eyes as she glan:ed carelessly at the others in the room, and th un turning her btack upon them, leaned slightly from the window. " Don't fool worth a cent, does she ?" sih. said, with a soft sneer. Jasper muttered something not for ears polite to hbear. the girl laughed wickedly. "See, here, Belle," he osaid, speaking low, " I will put this key on the winulw silt-s--and you must take it without those others seeing you. Go out from here and slip up from the flter under this to that room, and tell my mother the situa tion. lie must be kept quiet; there must he no noise whatever-not ia oundu either by voice ,or movement. She knows how to lquiet him anrd I want her to do it. Con founded nuisance his getting so lively all at once." Belle to,,k the key and glided away on her erraud. The servants who were pa:sing about. at:en sing to the r-om, stole furtive and currious glauces at ribyl Prince ciud Mis, Garr. Iloth ladies looke1 pale and excited. "Everybody in this room must have he vrd that voice calling me," Sibyl said, in a low tone. " Do you suppose they all t!iruglht it was that wretch yonder speak in, ?' "' They all looked startled; some of them secmedtrightened.S oumeone cried' thost:' as you ran out of the room. Then another saiI, laughing, it was only Mr Prince call ing you." Iielle was not long absent. As she re entered the room trere was a white, tx cit"d look on the vivid and startingly lovely face which it had not worn before. The serevant who had gone for the lamp was just bringing it. Ielle went up to Jasper Prince. ' le will be kept quiet," she said, in a low voice. " Now, lrten to me, I want yoru to tell me to take that lamp and go with fair Sibyl on her exploring expedi tion." '" You ?" he exclaimed, angrily. "What for ? You want to mnake mischief." Y" ou do as I say, or I will make mischief right now," she said, coldly; and he hit 1to obey. "lie is going to send that queer girl with us, instead of coming himself," Sibyr sail, low, to Prudence Garr. "I don't like her, but any one is better than him." "Don't let them star any longer than you can possibly help, Belle," Jasper was saying, in an undertone, 'or t am afraidl there wilt be the devil to pay. I don't more than half trust my mother in this business." Belle gave a little, mocking laugh. \- le must be a very queer devil if he wo:n't trust such a good customer as you,' she said T 'his girl will show y,,u the haunted rusei, Sibyl, if you are still bent on seeing them,." the impostor said. IBelle advanced smilingly, and led the way with that light, gliding step peculiar to her. As she stoodat the first landing, waiting for them, lamp in hand, the darkness be. hind her, the glittering brightness of her hair, the greenish lustre of her strange yet lovely eyes, the wonderful waxy whiteness of her perfect face, came out with startling distinctness. The picture would have been without a flaw, but for the faint, sneering smile that curved the soft, red lips, Silyl shrank a little closer to her com panion. "I don't like her," she whispered again to Miss Garr. "And she don't like you," Belle said, coolly. "Oh, I have good ears, Mrs P'rione," as Sibyl looked at her in haughty surpirise. At the stairs Sibyl paused, eyeing the beautiful, mocking creature searchingly. S"Who are you ?" she asked, coldly and s'ernly. " I am madam's new maid," Belle an swered, with demurely lowered eyelids and dropping a mocking servant-girl cour tesy. " Name of Lucy V'enner." Sibyl drew a sharp, startled breath. ".hb," she uttered. "You aire in the plot, tot. That is why he sent you with the lamp. I woder what else you are, Miss Lucy Venner r?" "Just blien sworn in as assistant police detective," Belle answered, flippsutly, lift ing her beautiful, told eyes to the sweet, dirk face of tile woman to whose persecn tors she had dehberately joined herself. IICHAPTERI XII. "uv nor! xf noy !" As thie two lovely womenn stood gazinog into echr other's eyes, there came a curious plause. ".ihe is one of them! She is with themo She knowrs all about it i' Sibyl was saying to herself, whilean emotion of keen shame tore at the heart of the other. Ja-per P'rince had followed to the foot of the stairs, and stood listening. At this moment he coughed slightly. Belle bheard him. The beautiful, still infatuated woman had been told that he expected to get a large sum of money out of this "affair with 5,hyl Prince," and that when hIe had got it he would take her and go clear away out of the country, and begin a new life in some other land. She was fool enough, in spite of her natural cleverness, to believe him once more, and she had promised to help him. So, as she saw the handsome, evil face peering round the curving stairs at her, shoe least off all compunction for the cruel part she was playing, and moving lightly up the next flight, called airily to the others: , Now then, ladies, if you want to see the haunted rooms, follow me." Without a word, Sibyl and Miss CGarr moved after her As they went by the door of the store' room, Sibyl's dark eyes lingered on it with a strange fascination. " if there is such a thing as a haunted room." she said to Prudence, "that is Bells stopped and looked at her very I eurioasl, T'hen bonrting into a still more curios laugh she went on quickly, and a they hurriedafter her, they found her un l-eking a dow on the next floor, which she threw open with a flourish. "Enter 1" Ohe cried, gaily. " Ilehhold the ghost !" It was a lage, square roun . much like the one beiugprepared for Doctor Varle. Sumptuoush furnished once p rhaps, but everything wri so covered with dust and cobwebs now, fat what was beneath could not much umor than be guessed at. ,liss Vcnncr ran into the room, and, like a freakist child, pretended to look under the missive high-post bedstead which o-:cupie. the centre of the apart tnet, and on to) of the gold-fringed canopy of velvet. SIe pilled eon elosets and wardrobes, and looked benhd dressing-case and sofa with eLtboraite z:l. Sibyl watchedher thourghtfully. "Tuat girl is playvintg a p art," she said I to herself. "Sit' is acting in this ridicnu lust mlInner to over her real feelings. I 1 believe ?h?e knows all about Ken,and could ttll me this mouclnt wihe:e he is, if hhe chose." At the tohoubh', her heart seemed to leap into her throat ; her sweat lips began to tremble ; ther -ey tille I with tears. She went towesal the girl. Miss Venner ceased fronm a far atic at empt to loot up the chimney, at hor appro iset.. She shrank vsibly before the white t agony imprinted us that be sutiful fac . Hler eyes feli ts the dusty floor; she bit her red lip tiercel, and seemed to struggle despra;te:ly with wile in ward agitation. Sibyl touched her with a shaking hand. "'Tell mue," she entreate I, in the low, re. pressed tones of aterrible augnish-" oh, tell me what has lee me of my husband ! You can, I am saur. And you don't look as though yon hald I cruel heart.' There was the faiit Soniuda of a cough not so very far away. Lucy Ve:n' tstatcd slightly, and threw up her redl.gold hlead. " l)Dan't l :' she 6id, with ai hard, inso lent air. "Then ny loks belie me. I have is heart of fiHt, I assure you, Mlrs Prince." ThIen, with a sud&n; change of tone: t " Dont :.u think you are silly now ask- a tg me whi,.re your hutsurit is, whln y, o know as wHll as 1 co that lie is down in D.Utor Varle's room waiting for you?" t Sibyl drew back. She leaned her hand t heavily on Prudeuce G.rar's shoulder, and that faithful friend slipped a strong, sup. parting arn about tie trembling tinure. " VWha.t do you du doit for i" Sibyl s d to Miss Venner. " You are in league with MdI:ann lued anti that inhitanus wrctchlt she calls her r.n. You are worki.i g for them. YV.a do not lmk like a girl who would d, a w\i:kedl an-l cruel ldeed or money; but if that is it, I can give you as moen t-rhaps i, they.' " low much ?" Lucy Venner ask d, with a pertly serious air. II; tie thirty tIhunmd dollst of mIy own. I :wiil give you evr.ty penny of it if you will tell ,no \ h m.rs ,ty 6,1usbtd is" " I dii't think tu rty tiillus.ild dollars is mIuch," Miss Venner said, airily. "Didn t I hearsomething about a will that oave yvu ec.:rything-all his great for tunte? M s1 you give nme that, toet?" Sibyl slshuddered violhntly at the dread fil impllication. Her very hips were white. " You are a wicked, heartless girl," she said, in a low vole.. Lucy Venner laughed aloud. " Sue is au insolent hussy," Miss ;Garr s sid, with indlignant wrath, her bright eyes sparkling. " 1 would not talk to her, my dear. Doyon want to see any more room; ?P "There are too floors abbive this," Miss Veoner said, pretending to laugh violently at Mi~si Garr. " \We might find semething I lup there, :and then we hive nt looked in the basement, either. Would you like to? We may is well do the thing thoroughly while we are about it. You will be sorry if you don't, I am sure." She looked at Prudeneeas she spoke, the greenish grey eyes luotinous and imo.king. Prudence was boiling over, but she had tile goad sense to see that words were wasted breath here. 'ohe very spirit of diablerie possessed Lucy Venner. Even Sibyl was not more ore't:h'd than she, her heart wrung with ia torture ,ti d ubts .and fears, the thought of which shi. tried to drown bIy rattling on in this absurd fashion. They went to the other two tloors above this, but the rooms were only a reproduc tion of the ones they had seen, and they gave it uip. As they returned past the store-room, Sibyl put her hand on the door. It was locket. "'Mr Prince ha:? the ko'," Lucy Venter expl:ain Id, volubly. " They have been g'-tlitng some things out of here for Doctor Varle's room." J.isper Prince watched the departure of Miss Ga,rr and Sibyl from the tower with the klrnest sensation of relief he had known for a long time. " It was a very narrow escape," he mut tered. "The whole business came mighty near oa.nnshing." "It nmu.t have been that wretch I heard, after all," Sibyl raid, drearily, to yi.ss Garr. "lIe seems eiual: to anything." )ly nightfall Doctor Varle's place was ready for him. and Madsu tInuel and Jas per had seen him comfortably installed therein. The Epctral-f:aced phylician spared no pains to make himself agreeable to the fair ind Iproud old lady, and to remove from her und the hateful impressions which he coultl see hia coming hisd made. But lhe did not succeed very well. Madal:m were ia paIle. distressed a-d worried air, in spite of all his efforts. She irsisted on Jasper accomtlanyingh r whcen sile retired to hier own aipartmlent. andl hei went most reluctantly, muttering to hitln rf tha, he supposed he was in for snothcr "j p,5." "i want to talk to you alone," she said, as they went altong. "\Well, I on't :want to talkh to you," he thought. "but I expect 1 shall have to stand it" " Well nowt, twht i3 it ?"' he asked, dis :ogrecably, as his mother shut the door. ,sldam faced around uplu him excit~'dly. "I slto't like that man,' she s i-I. " If I khad seen him before you brought himn here, he shouild never have come." ' Why not ? ' laper wskeI, shrugging his shoulters and lifting his dark eyebrows in a is.'y thit was particularly offensive to his ,uther. . I::,,: le i hantefu--he is awNful I siould lI tir l;o nlad tnts!f if I hat to be shut u with him allt the time." think yt: ;:,)ght be a little oil yiar base al radsY I sllu il tlifa. I dlon't see any tinl aft-l ,,r ha'fsl a!'t it poor old larle. iho,,.,i I dt,'t call him a behuty by an: "lItIe l:hkis?lk-l, Jasper. le looks asif there wa na evil dltd1 that he would hiai. tate at." SWell, you nee in't call mln by that name if bhe oe'," her am saidl, aragely. " It is all ,msr inrvouiis andil i u-- iation. V's i insts, upsis -n en (ihavitig a s dsttr anli a, attien hit. This nin tilts tle bill for both. I t-s.s t sea hli:t )on are getting up all thi, ranteips ashosli" " Il frihlt a~ me; he makes my flesh creell" oslaam breathed, in hushed, sup ipressed tones. SOh, bosh I I hope he will frighten otheo folks, and make them keep away from tht tower rooms." las lam wrung her white and jewelled hands t ,gether In a sort of frenny. " I feet as thoiuh a deill had come ints the house," she sail, in tt,. same breathlems way. " .See here, suppouo we change the subject," Jasper vnelatmel, angrily. bYhst is done cn't ba undone, cuan it ) Didi you har' much trouble with Ken while SibJyl and het sheep-dog were pkIlng aroand '" il.dam shuddered an-l compres-ed her lips. 'It was horrihln," she said. " lU would not take the drops willingly, aul I could notl bear to force him. I keLt my hrad onr hi mouth a good deal of the timae, but ha was too, w:ak to make a lo1 I round, I believe, t after ttht one .frantic effort. If seemed to exllaust him. lie strugle l a ILttle several c times against me, but he was too weak to do much But oh, how be loked at me 1 Oh, I the reproach, the angui,h, the wonder, in his unhappy eyesl It was horrible to me to treat hint so. And now this dreadful doctor ! I cannot, cannot bear it I Oh, my boy, my boy, what shall I dol eaven's mercy, what ,h1ll I do!" CIIAPTER XIII. t A WARNING. " I ray drop that I We have had enough h nl more in that strin, I should think" JIp ,r broke in, h trshly. iet wts very pile, but he laughed sueer II inhl. a ,What a fake," tie said. " Fair Sibyl p little dreams whit lay beyond all those decrepit chairs ant broken-leggel tables. t t.c'rer schlem.e thlt. No one but me would ever have thought of it." Suo.denly, to her sFn's amazr mnt andt dliima, Madam ituel fell on her knees before him. "`asp or," she ettrea'ed, wildly, "go naway. For Gol's sake-if Volt don't want to killt min. if you don't want me to lie of horror il an, fear-go away. Leave the country, as yvn svore tI, your generous brother you f wottl , that night when hie raised the ten I thousand do:lars for you." " Generous brother," mackel Jasper. "That money came to me from my father the oil despot-flung to mu as a bone to a dog-accurset bribe to get me out of the id country for fear I should bring his high an I migrh'y heal down to a level with my own." "Shame I oh, shame I' madam exe!aimcd, a ri'ine to her feet. "Your father lavished iun i.y upon vyo. lie tried in every possible a Srv tio inike a go>l man of you, but you w wrin' not. The more he hdi for you the w v rse you were. You chose evil com. tl paint ls, yot pluncel into vice a; thoigh it h w, re your natural element. lunt not till t yvo biecame an actual erminal-'ill you had b Iif, , ttitl all right to an honourable name- a liI \oitr father's hart harden to you. lIe t ma l his will. giving everything he p ilisee I g to mee tirt, and to Kenrick afterwvarI, either at n.y death or on my marria:e. But lie t male Ic b thil s.ear thi t fri o ta lit nl " tl yovu should never have a penny except the I ten thousand dollars, and not tilh unles, yor lir,t rile oath to leave the cuautry. Kenr:ckh:rl no chi,.oe in the ruttier Ithe ,i irld , ne idTlrently be woul I have forieitetl ev.tr, thint by the terms of the sill. and you a w aF . have h:en no bitter off. Why do' h y..u reptoach me fr not giving you more mneyrl I am very rich by my second huaiIl's- C,.lonea! Ituels- generouity, but I hive llver given yoll mue:imoney, beca.use I kuh .v you would o:ly use it to plunge d" i'r inti cme an! saml."u.' Yoeu were so terribly afraid I might dis ,ra'."' y it," he sneered. " Di:nt I give up h my vi n.ne a take ani anther that wnas not mi:nc for fear anyone should know I was r it d to you 1" i t"e tok nhr il tnme benouse your falh r declar?d if ryou did not he would publi'ly disiran y lu, and never under any cirlums'ances give you any more money." t .la-;.er lauheil hirshly. S\Well, I kept my word about that, any way." "Pity you had not in other things as well," she tail, bittrly. "I don't think you ever d kept your word unless you thought you were 1 g in- to make simaething by it." "oih. come now," he said, "you and my a father wire always down on me t" r " \We were not. We loved you an 1 your a brotheer both the same. If anything, we 5 v, re otter to you, becau'e you tried as more, anl ?e were more anxiot s abut you. But it was of no ue. 'You never love I any. thine but yourself. You never cared for any living crature c'uenh to deny yourself the wrill:it fraction tfo its s lke." "That's so ; and what I want I'll have, if the bottomless pit yawns "Jasipr sneerel. • Ye;, yes, yes!" moaned the unhappy moth:r-" yu will, you always would. I coal I almost fin I it in omy heart to wish at thi, mou net that you were back for life btolis: d those iprion bars from which you have sc?p d. Oh, mity soa," she cried, fren zie tly. falling on her knees again, "go away before worse happens! Go, go, go! I will give yo t money ; I will give you anything if e yui will only g,, I" "Well. I won't! D) you understand that :' I want go a step! It is the first timrc in my life I ever ha I a sicn of a chance, anwl I'm going to hold to it now-I swear I amn. ' It it. if for n t other re:aon, for the sake of bringing down that handsome j de wha ea's ame an impes'or and lonks at mu as if I were a snake. I'll bring her lor. I'd rather c.nq ier her than have a million of moune. I'll do it, to. Get up, inother. If yap kitelt there till the jt lgment day, it w .al I makh ::o tlierel e..'c'. MIalam ?i:el rowe slowly to her feet, un i le l. 11er son offrl it to help hier, but ,h I rej cted his assistance with a bitter ges tur'. "A curse must be up'in me to have berne swl',h a son," she tsad, hoarsely. " Ihow In heaven's name can: you, birn of the same i 'oo I. nursed al the same breast, cradlel in the sune arms as yeaour brother, watched, tenldedI. c.re.d for more tenderly than he, be ? dlitfferent! ie -so honourable, high mintle, manly, anld kin -" " Kint !" sneerel Jaoper. " liow about that will of his giving everything ho has to fair Siobyl? ion were pretty savage about that business, if my memory serves me." "'The money is his oen. I have eoough. I was wrong. I am sorry I ever said a tornl, or felt 0so bout it. 1Ie has always been a good, kind, loving son to me. He nover cror.e.l me or displeased me in his life, ex:cept ab·ut hi m trritge anl that will. I di.'t care for any of it nose. Oh, my Gol, no:" the unha;lppy vwoman groaned. lep tiringly, with uiplitvld hunis and streaming tears. "If I coull only undo everything since that awful night when po, brought him here, bruised and bat teredil, bleeding and us:ensciolus, andi m:ade ine believe that the officers of the lKw vera after you, anl that your only :safety lyi in passing yourself fPr your brother for a few d.Lys. For a few days, you said sad sivore to mue " sihe repeated, her voie" rising shrilly in her agony of wrath and esl?pair. "And here you are yet. Oh. my wronged, my outraged, helpless son, what rill become of you ?" " Yes, here I am yet, and here I mean to stay, as I have told you a good many times," Jasper saidtl, doggedly. " You ought to know me too well to have ever believed that I would keep so silly a Iprto mise an thit was abiout going away from so snaug a nest as this. Here I am, and here I mean to stay." "I know you do," Madam Ruel said, tespairingly. " You wil stay, living this talse and cruel life, compelling me to a course that-my soul abbors, and that wrings my heart, until you have driven oe into my grave, and booked yourself for 'verlusting perdition. But one thing one thing, Jasper Prnee, you shall not do chile I live i" she went on, with returning excitement. "I don't like that Doctor Var'le of yours. He isr a villain, a wretch! He is :apable of anything. What have you brought him here for I" Jasper was livid. His eyes fell. He could not look her in the ftaco. "You kuow what he is here for," he answeried, in thick, sallen tones. "What is the use of going all over that ground again? Let old Varle alone, and tell me what is the one thing I shall not do while you live. Perhaps itis something I don't want to do." She leaned toward him, her splendid old face blanching to deathly whiteness, her eyes seeming to sink in her head, and the lhand she laid on his shoulder shaking with an awful and unnatural tremor. Jasper shrank before that dreadful gaze. "Jasper Prinee," she said, in a curdling whisper, "if by so much as a hair's breadth you try to hurry your brother out of exist ence, tbeare l From that moment I abandon you. I tell everything. I give you back to the justice you have so often outraged I -the prison, which is the only home you I can appreciate or deserve." As she ceased speaking, she staggerl a [ little, the hand which clutched his shouldr turned icy, and the other faltered, with a groping movement about the bosom of her dress. She fell forward heavily, leaning against hint "Another attack!" he muttered. lie was all that she hal said-without honor, wilhoett principle, aim st destitute of n tred affetion,. tut he could not quite s'ar.d still a,.d let his mother die in his arms without lifting a hand. lie trial frantically for a moment to find the little vial of drops Doctor Vatle hvl given her, and which he knew she kept about her plrson. Then he called out. h arsely : " le t !" Ill4 lips hsI no time t) close before the dotr of the diteiitig.rn), openeI, antd malam's eccentric and lovely maid ap peared. Shi: ,teo I r:ardiing him a moment in con te'nptuous antuz:ment. SWhat-again 1" she exclaimo1i. .\nd going to his side, together they pl seed the unconscious woman upon a lounge Ielle sought and found in the bosom of m t lan'as Ire's the little vial, and proceeded to let a few drops fall, as Doctor Varle had done, between her ashy lips. "This is the second time to-day, "my fianlt I,, she stial. "That is very dangerous. D you want to kill your mother 1" There was no answer. She looked up at him. SWhat has become of that tea thousand tMllars your brother gave you 1" she asked. lJasper turnel cold. litening, were you 1" he exclaimed, sn;rily. "Of course," was the cool rejoin'er. " I warnel ytou. I don't intend that very much wii:ht encerns you shallga on in this ho se wi hut my knowins it. But I knew abont thn money before. The first time you cam: here, after leaving me, you hadl your mother t:lecraph to your brother and bring him ba:k Irom his bridal tour to get you that m any. 'uor woman I how little she snsp:c t,1i, or he, either, that it was all a trick to gat him in your power" " It is a lies It was no trick. I was on the same train with him and Sibyl when thl-y started away again, it is true, and I was disguised, but I did not make the smash-up." " Oh, no !" she sneered; "you only took advantage of it to come back here with hin, stuff the poor fellow in a hole to die, and hide Rick Halsey, the forger, under hi: name." Jasper grew livid. lending down suddenly as she knelt by the couch, he clenched his strong hand in th ! masses of her glittering hair, and forced her head back till he could look her square in the eyes. "If you ever utter that name againher,"' he hissed, " I will murder you." Belle laughed aloud. " All right," she said. ?Now you've tol I me,;let go my hair and answer my question about the money." J?sper fell back with an oath. dMadam BLuel was longer in coming out frosn this attack than she had been from' the one in the morning. ", As he released her, Belle proceeded with the utmost coolness to let a couple more drops fall from the little vial upon those locked white teeth. Her delicate, slender hand was as steady as though carved in marble; the lovely, greenish-grey eyes which watched those ashy lips never wavered from their task by so much as a hair. (To be Continued.) 