THE YOUNG FOLKS. A Ghost Story. Sir Richard Owen hid two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better ofthe two; but its quality can soarcely be judged of when detached from the peculiarly ex pressive style the old Professor had, .which added a charm to his telling of the story. - In his early days, when he held the post of surgeon to to theprison as Lancaster, A NEGRO DIED IN TiI GAOL, andapost mortem as wet se an inqucat was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negros' heads were not plenti ful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the canue of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a blask baw containing a brick from his lofflltal positot he htt. 1o difficulty in golting admittance to- the mortuary, where the coffin lid was ansorewed And screwed down again. During this pro. THE nRICO AND TnE NEono's IIEAD CHANGED PLACES. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol had a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, with snow and' frost, Owen had soarcely passaaed outwhan lie slipped and fell all his length-the big went from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head lnutched it jet as it finished its career in a small shop here tobagco wad sold_- { ' \- Pihing itinto the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed ho was capable of. Nect morning, when Oien was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurredon the pre vious evening. She wished him to aice her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that had causedhimto LOO WILD AND DAZED*LIEE. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures amongthe West Indian Islands, when many deeds weredounthatdid not at that timere quire to be accounted for. Among these had' been the killing of a negro in whichhe had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of TROUBLE ON HIS CONSCIENCE. After giving these details the old cap tain told of the horrible event that took place the night before. . lie was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into theshop in frontof the counter, and it was followed by the Devil, all in black,with a black bag in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The de scription was perhaps not quite complimen tary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity had not been recognised.-" Daily No ws." \- n 