Itocall & Qsaeral At the Mechanics' Institute on 14th inst. a general meeting of the Assistants' Half holiday Association was held, Mr W. Martin, one of the vice-presidonts of the association, presiding. Mr A. Scott (secre tary) read a report detailing the formation of the association. It intimated that Alderman S. J. Sutfcon had consented to . accept the presidency, and Beveral out of the 14 gentlemen who had been asked to act as viee-pn-sidents had sent encourag ing replies. It was intended to get the signatures of ladies to a petition to be pre sented to employers, asking them to accede had been sent to the friendly societies in the city, which are estimated to have a membership of 2500, and all those which had held meetings since receiving the letters had passed resolutions favouring the'' objects. Judging from replies received from the clergy, it is believed much sup port will be obtained by reference from the pulpits. It concluded by urging unity in the matter. On the motion of the chair man the report was adopted. Rules were then drawn up and officers appointed, after which a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman. A large number or' new mem bers ware enrolled, and several of the speakers during the evening urged shop assistants to join the association so as to maka it a representative one. Several em ployers are reported to be favourable to the movement, and special provision is made for them to join the association, so that they can give fcne members the benefit of jheir experience. In accordance with our usual custom a specially prepared and attractively illus trated supplement will be issued in con nection with the Examiner and Tasmanian for Christmas. The number issued during the festive season of 1893 will contain a collection of original Christmas stories, in eluding ' The Lost Deeds of Drif tfield' and ' A Yule Tide Experience,' both written especially for the Examiner and Tasmanian. There will also be published the following interesting stories : — ' A Bushman's Tale,' ' The Tragedy of Skeleton Gully' (a New Zealand incident), 'The Centipede' (a Mexican episode), 'Childland,' 'The Landlord of the ? Three Pishes,' ' and the thrilling ghost story by Giant Allen entitled 'Palling hurst Barrow.' The illustrations will constitute an attractive feature of the number. Subscribers who wiah to secure extra copies are requested to notify the Examiner and Tasmanian agents of the fact as soon ag possible. The new quarter commences on January 1. Orders for 1894 sent in before the issue of the Christmas number will be supplied for the last week of December, 1893, without charge. Warden R. J. Sadler, who was ap pointed returning officer for the Marine Board elections, 15 th inst. received nomina tions of candidates for the position of warden of the Marine Board, Launceston, under the provisions of the Marine Boards Act, 1889, to fill the places of the retiring wardens, Messrs Alexander Evans, Robert Carter, and Bichard Francis Irvine. The retiring wardens being the only nomina tions received they were declared duly re elected by the return ins: officer. By the mail steamer Euapebu, due at Hobart on the 21st from London, Colonel Sir James Johnston, K.C.S.I., was expected to arrive there. He entered the Bengal Army in 1858, was made a Captain 1868, Major 18*75, Lieut.-Colonel 1876, Colonel 1881\. He served with his regiment, or as political officer, in several Indiau wars ; Political Agent, Keonjhur, 1868-73 ; Naga Hilh, 1873-4; Manipur, 1877-86; served with Burinah Field Force, 1885-6 (medal and clasp). Fob the convenience of Christmas and New Tear holiday-makers return tickets will be issued at single fares on all lines to and from all stations 10 miles apart from 16th inst., until Monday, January 1, 1894, inclusive, available for return journey up to Wednesday, January 31. lor distance of less than 10 miles return tickets at single fares will be issued daily from all stations from the 23rd ult., to Monday, January 1, inclusive. Special holiday cheap season tickets will be issued from all stations from 20bh to 25th inst. inclusive, available over all lines up to January 31, 1894, inclusive. As showing the influence upon local politics of the Launceston Parliamentary Debating Society no less than eight of the candidates contesting the late general election were members of that body, viz., Messrs A. R. Fowler (Deputy Speaker), G. Crosby Gilmore, W. J. M'Williams, Allan Macdonald, J. G. Pric?, S. J. Sutton, R. W. Smithed W. C. Wilson. The Wynyard correspondent of a coastal paper-rites 13th inst. :— The monthly pay ments for milk at the local factory for November reached the splendid total of a little over .£750. This large amount was promptly paid to suppliers on Saturday last, and as a result; much satiaf .ction is oxpre$S'';d. The returns to suppliers varied from -£33 to avum nofi more t.h^u a rather small fractional part of that amount.. The salaries, etc., added to th« }inr-unt paid to suppliers have caused about .£80 3 to be put into circulation aa tbe result o£ one month's operations at the factory. This epeaks volumes for the success of the industry here A new standard time for central Europe came into operation on Oitober 31. At Rome time has hitherto been reckoned 50 minutes before Greet) wich, but now the difference will be one hour, and the clock struck twelve 10 minutes earlier. As regards time the countries of Europe will now be divided into three group3 : That of the West — England, France, Spain, aud Portugal —who take their time from Green wich ; the central group — Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Austria-Hungary, S witzerland, aud Italy — whose time is an hour later ; and finally the Oriental group —Russia, Turkey, the Balkan States, and Greece — whose time is two hours a-head of Greenwich. Mb H. M. Stanley recently gave an opinion on the present situation in Matabeie land to an English press representative. He said thatBuluwayo had been taken was a matter for congratulation, bub he did not see that it decided anything except that perhaps the company had extended British territory as far as the Mat»bele capital, and would no doubt make all approaches to it safe. If the Matabele abandoned their efforts because their chief kraal had been taken they would act in a way which was very un- African. Mirambo in Unyamwezi allowed his capital to be taken, and then suddenly recaptured it, massacred every soul within it, and continued the war with, the Arabs for five years. Mirambo3, fortunately, are not common. It would be wiser, he thought, for the company to guard Buluwayo and secure the territory already gained rather than' chase the Matabele. By giving them a little time for reflection the company might obtain all they need without further fighting. If, however, the Matabele settled down in too close proximity to Buluwayo it might be necessary to dislodge them. At all events, unless it was positively known that the Matabele intend trying their luck apain it would be rash to race after them. A vert amusing adventure befel one of the French officers who had been told off tc attend to their Russian comrades during the visit of Admiral Avellan and his squadron to France. Before the Russians left Toulon (says the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph), they gave a dance, which was attended by a very large company, and as they found that they were by no means in sufficient force, they persuaded a French officer to don one of their uniforms, and to pass himself off as a lieutenant in the Czar's navy. The French man was introduced to the guests as M. Ivanoff Cremloff ; and so well did he play his part that he was not only in great request with the ladies, who found him a most agreeable partner, but with the gentlemen as well. An infantry captain treated him to a disquisition on the French army, while a naval officer of high rank paid fcim marked atten tion, and had a long conversation with him. -All things, however, come to an end, and at last the French officer, who was temporarily invested with a Russian patronymic, and was disporting himself in a Muscovite uniform, felt that he could no longer carry on the joke. Perhaps he was haunted by the apprehension that one of his superiors might detect the trick, or that he might be recognised by some of the ladies to whom he had made himself so agreeable when he returned to shore. At any rate, he resolved to make a clean breast of it, and soon his whispered confession was going the round of the quarter-deck. The men who had been taken in— especially the infantry captain and the naval officer of high rank— were at first indignant at having been thus mystified, but they soon laughed heartily over the affair. As for tbe ladies, they dis played the utmost good humour, and for the rest o.' the evening their fellow countryman, who had gallantly donned the Czar's uniform for their especial pleasure, had no reason to regret his confession. Last Saturday afternoon (writes our Somerset correspondent Monday) the children attending Mr Holmes's Btate school were entertained at a picnic kindly given by Mr and Mrs Gilmore, with their usual hospitality, on returning from their tour to Engl ind. The little folks spent a thoroughly happy time playing games, running races, etc., and returning to their homes in the evening highly delighted, each with a little gift, the value of which was enhanct-d by the thought that it had buen brought such a distance by the kind donors, who had prepared the feast for their benefit. The Jubilee Lodge, No. 19, I.O.GT.. Betusoasfield, held its monthly entertaiD tufint in the Victoria Hall on December 15. Bro. Prior presided, and in hia opening address s:ated that in reviewing the work of the ptiBfc year the members of the lodge wfre highly pleased to find that these ent-rbainments had been a decided success, which is no more than it should be con sidering that; the object was to promote the cause of temperance and foster a deeire for reform. He alluded to the many pleasant evenings they spent together in the hall during the past year, from which meetings no doubt much good had accrued. The programme consisted of two pieces, entitled 'The Second Night in a Bar room ' and a service of song on the death of Mary Morgan. Bro. Prior read the conntctiu guinea, and the lodge choir, under the ableonductorship of Mr R. Tremayne, sung the various songs, accompanied on the piano by Miss Farghar in her usual accomplished style. The choir closed by singing 'Vital spark,' by Pope. There was a large attendance, all highly appre ciating the service. The quarterly meetir.g of the Star of Tasmania Tent, I.O.R., was held in the District Chambers, York-street, on Mon day, when a goodly number of members were present. The auditors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted, showing that the tent occupies a good position financially, the amount brought forward from last quarter being .£574 143 lOd j amounts received during the quarter, .£64 10s ; making a total of .£649 4s lOd. A letter was read from the secretary of the Assistants' Half-holiday Association, and a vote expressive of sympathy with and approval of the movement was carried, also a draft copy of the rules of the United Friendly Association of Tasmania, an organisation proposed to be formed for the purpose of watching over the interest of friendly societies generally, were adopted. After the passing of accounts and other routine business, the tent closed in the usual manner. Shortly after 10 o'clock on Monday the firebells rang an alarm, the strokea indicating that the locality of the con flagration was in the vicinity of South Launceston. The brigade with their customary activity were soon at work. A fire had broken out— no one knowa how — in a four- room dwelling house running off Mulgrave- afcreet, Hampden, near the residence of Mr Ellis. The place had been recently occupied by Chinamen, but was, at the time of the fire, un tenanted. It was the property of Mr Joseph Dyson, and, being of wood, was quickly demolished by the flamed. Tbe garden at the rear of the house had been cultivated by Chinamen, who, however, had nob occupied the house for some time. It is supposed that the firo was the result of the act of an incendiary. Our North wood correspondent writes :— The many friends of Mr W. Walker, of North wood saw-mill, will be glad to learn that he is progressing favourably from the very severe accident which befei him some little time back, which resulted in a broken leg. It appears Mr Walker wa=i construct ing a chock-and-log fence, and having attached the bullocks to a leg which he intended to place at the top of the fence, the bullocks were drawing it up on a skid when suddenly the dog gave way and the log rolled down on Mr Walker's leg. — The crops in this district are not looking very well ; the dry weather and the winds have been the cause. — The rain on Saturday night and Sunday will do a vast amount of good. — I have just paid a visit to Mr Jno. Woodberry's farm, Whitefoord Hills. 1 saw a splendid crop of bcrley, sown in October. Mr W. speaks very highly of the Massey-Harris cultivator for preparing the land for a crop and bringing the weeds on to the top. Mr W. has gone in very largely for cultivation this year, and I wish him success, as practical farming seems to be his aim. I also notice that Mr Viney hag commenced clearing up and cultivating some of the land adjoining the White Rock road. Mr V., who is a beginner, has done very well considering the short time he has been there. — The rabbits are rather numerous, and a great many young ones are to be seen. Two men well known to the police, Joseph Dell and Thomas Beck, were arrested on Tuesday by Detective- Sergeant Brennan and Constable Driscoll, charged with attempted'forgery by means of a valueless cheque on Lindsay Tulloch, pur porting to be signed by Mr J. T. Farmilo. The trick adopted by the men is an old Melbourne one, but they did not meet with success. It appears that they went to Mr Lindsay Tullooh's store and produced a cheque drawn in their favour and pur porting to be signed by Mr J. T. Farmilo, stating that thrjy had picked it up near the Rose of Australia Hotel. Mr Tulloch asked why they brought it to him, and they said, ' Why, we thought you would give us a reward.' Mr Tulloch then told them to call back in an hour. Mr Tulloch haviog his doubts about them telephoned to the police station, and subsequently Detectiv.-S;-rgeant Brennan was despatched to Mr Tuiloch's office, where he remained until thejmea came, when they told Sergeant Brennan the satao story. He, knowing the character of the men, took them into custody and charged them with attempted forgery. Our Somerset correspondent, writing on the 18th inst., says : —a welcome rain has at last set in after much threatening, and it is to be hoped it will continue for some time. Icis greatly needed not only for the crops, but also for drinking- purposes. Our town ship is lacking in this respect, good water not being plentiful, which makes us depend mostly on what we receive from the clouds. A statement was made by Mr Water house on Tuesday morning of a rather im portant character, inasmuch ag the fact which he referred to is nob generally known amongst those uiort interested. A licensee of an hotel in the city bad been summoned for having delayed the admis sion of the police into her hotel, and in giving judgment against the defendant the Police Magistrate said the offence was the most serious one contemplated in the Licensing Act, inasmuch as it was bracketed with that having reference to the commission of three offences, being therefore equal to three convictions, for which there was a possible infliction of a penalty of .£50. The defendant in the case under notice was fined £5 and costs. '?' The life of Sir George Dibbs, Premier Of New South Wales, was recently threatened one day last week under some what curious circuinstauces. An Indian appeared at the door of the Colonial Secre tary's office and asked to be shown Sir George Dibbs's room. The janitor noticed that the Asiatic was armed with a huge horseman's pistol, and had a flask of powder on him. The police were sent for and the maa disarmed. It was then ascer tained that the pistol was cot loaded. Sir George Dibbs asked to bco the man, who was accordingly brought into the Premier s loom. Sir George Dibbs afterwards stated to an interviewer that the Indian was evidently out of his mind, and must have been listening to Eomo of the Domain howlers. Sir George added that he had recently received warning that he was to be attacked with a pistol. The police have the Asiatio pistol carrier in charge. We have had many sad tasks of late reaording the deaths of those we re3pected and loved in Hfo (writes the Peak Downs *nd Oopperfield Miner or December 2), but surely our task was never harder than on this occasion, when we have to announce the death of Mrs Alfred Dowling, which occurred at an early hour on Thursday morning last, after an illness of only two ?weeks. The deceased was the wife of Mr Alfred Dowling, well-known in Clermonfc, to whom she had been mairied only about a year. She was a native of Tasmania, and spent her childhood and youth there, and was the only daughter of the late Mr Joseph Wilson M'Ewan, of Oaklands, Tas mania. During her residence ia Clermont, scarcely a year, deceased had made many friends, not only by her brilliant social qualities, but by her many gentle chari table actions. Churches of all denomina tions and charities of all kinds will miss her friendly aid. The Hobart Church Congress will meeb on January 23, 24, 25, 26, under the presi dency of the Bight Bev. the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. The opening service will be held on Tuesday, January 23, at 10 30 a.m., at which the Lord Bishop of Ballarat will preach. H*be in the city (says the Agt) one hears so much about the unemployed and their troubles that it will no doubt be pleasurable to read the Premier's declara tion that during his recent extended trip through the country he ' did not see one man out of work.' Everybody he met was busily engaged in some occupation or other, and before he had completed the trip he had almost began to imagine that he would find the same happy condition of things in the city upon his return. Had he entertained euch a hope he would have been grievously disappointed, for when he reached Melbourne on Wednesday he fo»nd that no diminution whatever had taken place in the number of men standing about the street corners with nothing to do. Seeing that harvesting operations, which are now in full swing, will last for at least a couple of months, and be closely followed by the vintage, Mr Patterson thinks that if the men who have failed to flud work in the city would look for it in the country their quest would be crowned ?with success, and they would be able to get an insight with regard to agriculture, viti culture, and other matters in connection with the soil, which would prove of much value to them should they ever seek to get a living out of the land on their own Account* iu connection with the Infants' Home Mrs J. Lyle, the secretary, writes :-As I find the snowball system for collection does not succeed here, I now write to say ft lat the under-named holders of books for Cjlkcting will be glad to receive donations towards the Infants' Home, if only iu shillings and sixpences. We arff bow in need of. funds to pay off the first expenses of furnishing, etc, and if those who are willing to help on with this work will pay their shillings— we T\ould be glad if those rich people, who promised us large sums last time this was thought of, would voluntarily send us a donation in as soon as possible, as the secretary wishes to leave town for a time for change, and would like to see everything on a good footing before she goes. I may just state here that the home is, humanly speaking, a success 5 that is, as f ar;as doing good is concerned. We have seven children in just now, and have had up to as maDy as 13, but in some cases they have only been in temporarily. Thepublichave beeu requested to visit on Thursday after noon and see for themselve3 how things are managed, and if they only did bo I feel ?ure they would help the promoter in '- -:* trying work amongst babies and rescuing the perishing. Christ h»8 said, 'Inas- much as ye did it unto one of the least of these, ye did it unto me also. It is not the will of your Father in Heaven that one of these little ones should perish.' So, dear friends, l«t ub try .to do His will, and do what we can to save them from growing up like wild creatures on the streets. 'I will trust and not be afraid' is our motto, and we are carrying this work on in full faith that God will give us the funds. The parents are paying up well, and it only needs a small response from the pub ic to make the work succeed. The following are the names of those willing to act as receivers of donations to the Infants' Home :— Mrs Brunton, St. John- street; Miss Stewart, Granville; Mrs John Bennell, Mrs Dempster, Mrs W. S. Bell, Matron Infants' Home, Mr and Mrs Mowbray, Mr Storrer, St. John- street ; Mrs Finlayson, Charles-street j Mr Weymouth, Charles-street ; Mr Bain and Mr Anderson, Charles-street 5 Miss N. Steel, Falmouth ; Eev. Mr Mitchell, Beaconsfield ; and the secretary, 82 Welman-street. The Minister of Lands (the hon W. Hartnoll), and the Engineer-in-Chief (Mr J. Fincbam) iaspected the proposed site for afrew state school at South Launcea ton Wednesday. They approved of the site chosen by the Minister of Education and the Local Board of Health, and it is under stood tenders will be called at once, for the work. The usual weekly meeting of the execu tive committeeof the BenevolentSociety was held in the Mayor's Eoom.Town Hall, Wed nesday afternoon. Present— Mr J. Stephen son (chairman), Messrs M. Tyson, G. Baker, W. B. Barwoodi J. Tulloch, J. T. Farmilo, .J. C. Genders, T. Gladman (treasurer), and E. Cameroa (secretary). The secretary re ported having temporarily relieved 10 men, of whom three were assisted for two days, three for three daya, and one for one night only. Two were relieved while awaiting admission to the Depot, and one was an outpatient at the hospital. The numbers on the permanent roll were 85,men, 188 women, and ' 266 children j total 459. One family had retired with thanks. The treasurer reported that he had received the following donations in aid of Christmas extra's:— Mesers Dempiter, £1 lsj St. John's Lodge, £5 ; W. Hart, £5; John Thompeon, £1 Is ; C. J. Upton, £lj a friend (Mi«s If .) 5a ; Mrs E. Green, £2 5 XYZ (Mr B.), .£1 ; Lord Wolseley Masonic Lodge, £2 ; John Ferguson, sen., 83 ; his Worship the Mayor (Mr E. H. Price), £2 2s; E.D.H., J61. (Sufficient special funds having been re ceived for a supply of extraB for the New Tear as well as at Christmas, it was decided to follow the customary practice of provid ing those on the roll with good cheer on both occasions. Mr Alfred Jones was elected a member of the.committeejin place of Captain Urquhart, resigned. The annual inspection of the cabs of Launceston took place before the police atjwi Wod issday morning, there being present the Mayor (Alderman B. H. Price), the Superintendent of Police, the Town Clerk, and Mr Wm. Murnane, Inspector of Cabs. The majority of the licensed vehicles of the city were driven up for overhaul, and passed through the ordeal satisfactorily, though in one or two cases improvements were suggested. ' Lok»fobd Notes' writes on Wednes day :— Mr Leonard Stephens, of the Glebe farm, Cressy !road, was kicked by a young horse which he was breaking in yesterday evening, and besides being very much bruised had his left Bhoulder dislocated. He was attended by ;Dr. Stevenson, and is progressing favourably. The arbitration case of Kelcey v. the Devonport Town Board for compensation for reservoir and pipe track was (writes our -Devonport ^-correspondent Wednesday) amicably settled this morn ing. Mr G. C. Radge, of Latrobe, umpire, commenced taking evidence, when hon. Wm. Moore intervened, and after a private conference with Mr S. Kelcey offered to accept .£75 as compensa tion in full. Mr C. J. Hall, the board's solicitor, agreed to accept the same on its behalf, pending the approval of the board at its next meeting ;? the costs of arbitration to be borne by the board.-— The hon. E. N. C. Braddon passed through to Ulverstone. He was' welcomed - by Mi P. W Maxwell, P.M., hon. J. H. M'Call, hon. C. Moore, and a great many West Devon electors. ' - We have received from Mr J. G- Sherwm the Mutual Provident Messenger for Decem ber, 1893. This publication, as its name implies, is issued in the interests of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and contains some matter of an interesting nature to policy holders, in addition to illustrations of the South Australian branch office and Cape Baoul, Tasmania. The Messenger, with this number, enters upon its second year of publication. His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania held a confirmation service here (writes our Avoca correspondent), when three females and six males were confirmed. The BiBhop delivered an earnest address to the candidates. A lecture was to have been delivered by his Lordship, but owing to indisposition it had to be postponed. The F.acred cantata ' Under the palms ' performed last week (writes our Beacons field correspondent) was moBt successful. The solos were rendered well, and the audience, though not large, was most appreciative. The blue ribbon choir give a concert here on Christmas night in the Victoria Hall. The General Manager of the Tasmanian Government Bailwajs notifies the follow ing arrangements for the holidays : — Ee- turn tickets at single fare3 will be available up to January 31. The season tickets iBSued between the 20th and 25th inst. may be used daily from any statiou on any line up to January 31, 1894. Sunday, 24th, Monday, 25bh — Cheap excursions to Deni son, leaving Launceston at 215 p.m., and on Boxing Day leaving Launceston at 11*10 a.m. Sunday, 24bh— Cheap excursion to Ulverefcone, leaving Lauuceston at 915 a.m. Boxing Day — Cheap excursion to Ulverstone Exhibition, 1 eaving Launceston at 7'15 a.m. Perth regatta— Trains leave Launceston 8 a.m., 1020 a.m., and 12-40 p.m. St. Leonards sports— Trains leave Launceston 1 1-40 a.m., 1240 p.m., 2 p.m., and 3-15 p.m. It the Duke of Connaughfc does not prove a capable commander at Aldershot (says the World) it certainly will not be that he has failed on the score of thoroughness, for he haa even, it is said, beaten Sir Evelyn Tf ood's record in his desire to post himself in all details. There is not a branch o£ the service, I am assured, nor a department connected with its administration, of which the Duke has not mastered all the arrange ments . since he took over his duties. Aa Commander-in- Chief of the Bombay Army he earned a high character for himaelf by reason of his great administrative grasp ; and the same qualities which secured for him in India the confidence of all about him he is displaying at Aldershot to an even greater extent, so much so that one departmental officer who has had official relations with him writes to express his astoniahment at the manner in which ' every queetion submitted t« the Boyal Chief seems to have been studied jand mastered before even the papars have been submitted.' Aa the public have heard a great deal against the Duke's appointment, it may be well for them to know that there is another side to the picture, and that justice has not been don'i to a good and zealoui soldier, who in the eyes of his censors possesses the unpardonable qualifi cation of being a prince also. An association has been started in Ade laide for the purpose of establishing a co operative settlement association in one of the Australian colonies on a similar basis to that of the ' New Australia' settlement in Paraguay. On Thursday the Acting Minister of Lands received a letter from the chairman of the association asking if a suitable site could b9 obtained in Victoria for the settlement. It was eatimated(write3 the Argus) thaf from 300 to 600 families would join the association in from two to five years, and that this number would require from 100.000 to 150,000 acres at once, with the right of enlarging the area to 250,000 acres. The land would have to |be adapted for agri culture, and able to produce most of the products required by a self-con Gain ing com munity, lithe land, laws of the colony will not enable the association to take up that area of land, an inquiry was made aa to whether the Government would be will ing to enter into a special agreement for a perpetual lease, with fair conditions for determining the rental. As each member of the association would contribute to it3 funds at least £50, the community, it is pointed out, would be au acquisition to the colony. Mr M'Coll has replied that there is no suitable area available at pre sent, and asking for further particulars regarding the association and its objects. The following extraordinary letter a little fellow of twelve wrote before com mitting suicide in Dublin:-~'Dear mother, — I spvnt the 43 6-Jd for your benefit, and I hope the money it will bring you will help you to forgive my rash act. Tell the police to search in the harbour at PortobeHo, and when they have found me get them to write a description of my clothes and what . I have in my pockets. They will find a cap that cost 6d, and will entitleyou to .£200 insurance money ; pair of sus penders, 4£d, with a coupon on them for .£300 j a belt, 6d, for .£100 ; and papers, one entitling you to £1000, and the others £500 each-in all £3500. Don't spend too much on ray funeral, and mind the money, which will make you rich. — Tour loving son, Ferdinand deFbetne Eiensi de Cobtbot. _p.S.— Good- by.' He was the son of a widow who had once been well off, but had been reduced to want,and lived in one room with her family, who -were well-nigh starved. The poor little fellow could not bear to see his mother and brother* and sisters starving, and bo, in hia childish ignorance, he drowned himself, not know ing that the money he so fondly hoped would be theirs would ntver reach them. Two years ago a young officer belonging to one of the oldeBt families in Bologna fell in love with a very beautiful young girl, the daughter of a local laundress. In spite of the obstacles thrown in his way by his family, the lieutenant was determined to marry the girl, and when he was removed to another part of Italy still kept up a correspondence with her. The young man's family were so annoyed at his obstinacy that they cut off his allowance, and as he found that he could not live on his pay ho determined to go out to the Coiigo and try his luck. He obtained a situation on the new Cod go railway at Palabella, and got on very well. Last month the laundress's daughter received a £80 note and a letter telling her to start for the Congo at once. Immediately on her arrival the pair were married, and the M&rcheBa; now takes in washing, while the Marchese works on the line. The couple (says Woman, which tells the story) are said t© be an happy ' as the day is long.' ? ^ ? 