;A; . B lT, ,0 F .,oW A.,R : RQMANCE. " I'm a Maon," said the mainof soldierly bearing, when the drummer bhad finished a yarn, "and am also a soldier, or was in the late war between the states. I was a general of brigade in the union army, and saw some of .the romance"as' well as 'the:reality, of war.". . :'There was more 'reality than romance about it, wasn't there I" queried the drum mer. "Rather," smiled the: soldier, ."but- it made'the romance only the more delightful. I remember on one occasion when we were down in Georgia, where most of the office seekers come from now. I was out one morning with a couple of orderlies, riding along a hillside read, which just ahead of us met another coming up from the valley. As we sode slowly along I heard the sound of a horse's hoofs on the road below and the clanking of a sabre. None cf the enemy in force was anywhere near that locality, and I felt sure that some stray confed was riding that way, and we went. ahead till we could command a view of the road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a brand new uniform, bright trappings and a fine sword came by on a beautiful horse. He was a handsome fellow, and all unconscious of his danger, was whistling a merry air. Of course, we must capture him, but how to do it was a question at first, but oe coon settled on a quiet little ambuscade, and in five minutes more we had him covered and he threw up his hands. A more crestfallen prisoner I never saw than that young fellow, and I felt sorry for him, but I could do nothing but take him along. We hadn't gone far until he got next to me, with both orderlies riding some yards in advance, and he gave me a sign. I rcogunised it on the spot." "' We are-Masons,' be said, ' and I want to tell you my story: I know I've got no business over here,. practically in your lines, but I'm not on a mission of war, but one of love and peace. You see how I'm tricked out in all the best I've got '-and he smiled consciously and blushed-' and I expected to be married this afternoon. The girl is waiting for me now, and don't yon think it is pretty hard on her for me to be in this fix ? I had no idea your troops were so near or 1 should have slipped in in the night and got out again, but it's too late to talk 'about that now. You've got me, and her heart will be breaking while I am shut up in some prison, and is won't be much satisfaction to you, will it ?' " By George I" went on the general, with moistened eyes, "it stirred the blood within me as I listened to that good-lcoking fellow and thought of the dear girl waiting for him. ": Hold on a minute,' said I, 'there's a turn in the road yonder, and when Ithe orderlies get out of sight if you are willing to take a risk, suppose you take it.' " He shook my hand silently, and the tears and smiles came together. As the orderlies turned the bend the young man turned his horse and started back down the road on a' dead run. I gave him a good start and then I hanged away at him with myrevolver and went after him, but I took the. wrong road at the forks, and my orderlies came after me as fast as they could. I guess we must have chased back along that road for two miles or more, but we didn't find that confounded rascal any. where, and the orderlies never suspected that I had anything to do with letting him get away. At least, they never mentioned it in my hearing," and the general smiled. "What became of him at last ?" asked the drummer. " About four months after that I was holding a town in Tennessee," continued the general, "and in that town was the rankest old fire- eater I ever saw. He was a courtly old chap, but bitterer than gall, and utterly beyond reconstruction. He wouldn't speak to a bluecoat, and there were times when it was almost necessary to put him under guard for his own safety. He was tco old to be dangerous, but occa sionally he talked, so we had to threaten him. One day I was almost startled out of my wits by.his coming into my head quarters. He was white with suppressed fee ing, but he managed to tell me that there was a lady at his house, a very near and dear relative, his only daughter, in fact, who wanted to see me that evening at 7 o'clock. He had been very loath to come to a Yankee, he said, but she insisted, so that he was compelled to do it, and then he bowed and went out like an old king with his crown gone. There was no ex planation and I told the provost marshal about it and said I was going up myself to see what it meant. He was sure there was a trap laid for me and did not want me to go at all, but I told him southern hos pitality did not betray people and I would go. I went. and as I passed through the gate and grounds to the fine old mansion, I saw the shadowy form of my bluecoats all about as silent as ghosts. It was plain the provost marshal was ready to settle matters if anything happened to me. How ever, I never let on, hut went in and the old man met me at the door, grimly directed me into the large, old-fashioned parlor and stamped off down the great ball. I went in and a very beautiful young woman of 22, I should say, met me half-way across the room. "You are Gen. -2" she said question ingly. "I bowed. "' And may I. inquire why I have been asked hereP' I said, without taking the chair which she gracefully passed me. You see I was half uneasy and didn't know what might happen. "She smiled. "' I understand,' she said, and stood before "Then she told me of the young officer I had permitted to escape. "'But what has that to do with this visit ?' I asked, for somehow I didn't catch "'I am his wife,' she replied, blushing, "and he told me if ever it were possible to see yon I must do so and tell you for both of us how grateful we are for your kind ness.s "Then I began to grasp the situation, ano 1 almost fell into the chair she had offered me, and as she talked to me I never was so glad of anything in my life as that I was a Mason and he was, unless it was that I had had the opportunity of doing a favor for so charming a woman. " For half an hour she talked to me and then she called in her father, much against his will, but as she told him the whole story and her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his fine old face grew softer and softer until at last the tears came, and as she finished he rose, and com ing over to me took both my hands in his, and after shaking them silently he said: ' Bless me, sir, there isn't a southern gentle man in all this sunny land who shouldn't be prond to be eisch a Yankee as you are.'' '" I thanked him cordially .for that ,'aid later on we had something to drink, and thereafter the old gentleman wasn't' the same kind of a man any more. "'A week ago," concluded the general, " I visited that couple, living now beactifully in Atlanta, with four bright and happy children about them;all grown, and one of thefinett young men yoe ever saw anywhere hearing my name. ' "Is Miss Tripp a girl of menns P" Phipps -" Yes, but what I am trying to discover is whether it is yes or no she means" : : . "Do you ever have spring. .chickens at your boarding-house I" Yes, but they seem to be a kind of woven-wire springs."? , She--" A poor painter.: Why, he says that he is wedded to his art.?' He "Per haps that is the reason, then, that he dares treat her so badly." . The man 'who sat out on the wood pile and told funny stories, expectinge the wood would split,2 evidently did.. not strike a " responsive chord Extract from Love Letter. Shoeld yo fail to reciprocate my affcetion, then'please to return this,letter, in order that I may unse it.on another occosion.'" " It seems 5o mne, said She Congrcssman I' that a law :is like acoi ? .: Som-ebody lis.to preak it before, yen carl find.otF wheth?it is of ang:ocd o?-noc."'i ' " h k?.ind 1a51o Bog'leIs·hnt 'srs "taty Vsttiis4? she will..song? Mins, Afe gi-, Offenlrch,, 1 ,·~:PP~i~e'i?'That.,Yy of'minei" ,'rdgul r .H6-.?;?l - vehoaghts,you a .;,eti'nronkoyoi.t _. u I Now Ijhbn't miss yen wtLeosP e 