A XEltICA XP£XSI0X£. {Melbourjie Aryun. j We are Labouring with rueful diligence to establish a wise economy through all the realms of public finance, and our' repentance for any extravagances which, is the too stimulating atmosphere of ** boom ' tiinvs, sprang into existence is both sincere and loud. Our virtue is, perhaps, not wholly without alloy. The sincerity of our repentance gains its «r!epth, it may be suspected And its not so much «»f the puhltc conscieni-x* as of tin* public poukcu We are determined to l-r virtuously ocuuoiuical, because we can iu» longer afford to be extravagant. It may -'tipply, however, a wholesome reinforcement to our virtue to studv the most shocking example of national extravagance, perhaps, to bo found iu the whole circle of history, an example, curiously enough, supplied by a commnuitv akin in speech aud blood and political institutions to oarsclvcs. The Pensions Bureau . of the United | States has just published it* annual report, and anything in the shape of waste ful and extra va^aut expenditure to be foond or even iui-igine-IT aiiioii'rs»t our selves, is mere Spartan aud heroic virtue as compared v-ith the biiblimc fcnti of e; tiaiva.jja.UCJi: performed utliJcr tbe |Kiisiuu law of the United tJUto-v The gre.it Civil War, it will be raueLubercd, Lteted four years., auJ ended thirty years a^o. l-uiinx its pro^n^ a grand total of 2,778,304 suea Mretc^nroUol in the army and navy of the Union, «nd out of these 300.000 were killed in battle or died of wounds. It might be supposed that under he action of the usual forces which wait on human life the remainder of tbia liost would by this time be reduced to small dunensioiis, and another Xerxes might shod meditative tears over rliera as the crowded battalions vanished one yft^r another in the grave, lint there never was such *^n army of vetetajns as that yielded by the great American Civil War. Never before was old age eo green, so prolific, eo indestmctiblc ! The ordinary tables of mortality are smpended in their favour ; nay, tbe ordinary conditiona of human life are inverted*, and while tfie at- tendant multitude of widows and orphans continnes to expand, the original host of hus band* and father* declines mysteriously lo grow any less ! On the 30th June, 1S92, there were 850,000 pensioners drawing generous earns from the Jnited States Treasure for services rendered during the Civil War: and in defiance of nature aud arithmetic the number of pen sioners steadily* increases ! By June of Uic present year, the comaussionera calmly re port, the number of pensions will be at least 1,000.000, and at the date of the report there were £00,000 claims yet to be adjudicated upon. At this rate of increase the army of comfortably pensioned *' sur \\*ivors' of tbe Gv0 War lvfll, in a short period, corudderahly exceed the whole number of soldiers actually enga^nd in the war. At tbe present moment, indeed, every seventieth inhabitant of the United States iu drawing a pension to console him for bib suffering in a war which, in swauy cbbcs, was fought before be was born I The total amount expended in pemaonts last year was £2S,O0U,U0U sterling ; this year the pension budget, is com puted at £34,0^0.000 sterling. Tlic HcpubUc, that is, cvpends ncariy one- half of its entiru revenue in military pensions : a stale of things which, for a drab-coloured and peaceful Re public, most be pronoonceJ £unp.y amazing, (?cnnanv, the most military of empires spends £22.000,000 yearly upon its armies and fleets ; Great Britain, will one fifth of the globe in - trust, spends £31,000,000 on tbe military ami naval defence of tbe empire But the United States expends more money on pensions on what may be described as the ghosts of a dead army than Germany does on its stupendous military system, or -ircat Britain on its over whelming fleet : The pension list of the United States arter the great revolutionary war was £14,000 per aiinnm ; bat this was in Washington's day. r:ince the Civil War closed the amazing snui of more than a billion and a half of dollars lias been expended iu pensions, or half as .mjcb again as tiic eutiru war indemnity which France paid to tonnany after the capture of Paris. If anything can be utorc absurd than the scale of these pensions it is the principle upon which they are conferred. A soldier way hai'c deserted his colours in the presence of the, Caicmy, an officer may have been cashiered for cowardice or aiiuezdcn-en., and yet his title to a pension remains uudestroyed. A woman who actually suf fered a lcnu of imprisonment for poUoaiu^ her husband, claimed a pension as a widow for the loss of her husband in the service of the Republic— aad^ got it: Tbe cxtcat uf fraud and corruption bred by the pension system may be imagined, bnt can scarcely be described. Never, peruKps, was a system eo ingeniously calculated for the spreaif of general lying and for creating the conviction that the public pocket exists for the purpose of being picked. The Pension Commis sioners report that, in a certain small group of bogus cases, on*- of a total of, 4397 affi davits 30S4 were false and 92 were forgeries ! The tariff of the United States is, of coarse, tbe chief cause of the scale and absurdity of least of alia shrewd and practical race like the Ante iicsjis— would t-pend £31tOO0,OIXt ftcr annum or ucarly half its total revenue, in military pensions, if this well-nigh incredible sum liad to be raised by direct taxation. The tariff of the United Stales odslt in 4ht interests of a ring of wealthy manufacturers ; the enormous sums levied by it fill the Trea sury Jo overflowing : and the revenue must l»c spent, or there would Ih- no decent pretext for continuing to rainc it. Uiit the pension budsct of i he United States iUustratfs, to.i, what is iliu stan.Iii.- ,K'ril of any a Kitu.1 employer of lal«uuv. Tlit teudeiic}' is always to multiply the uuMiber of dependents ou the gtatrt, and to draw upoa the public treasury on a continually increabiaj; scale, and for a continually multiplying host of persons and of objects. Every system of government has its owu special risUn ; and the perpetual risk of a democratic lloverameDt existing nnder modern c-md.t ions like our own is «ii spite of a good many platitutlus, a 'republic cau' virtue; and it will nec-l the steadfast ouliuiv of awis« pnlilio sriiiini --nt ainoi»gst us to kei-p our Mali1 expootiilun* oloar of lln* I win curse-i of tvaste and enrmplioa. A nrau ita»iDtl AUnMlAetongaveinfonnatioii ou Thursday week to the police of the death of Mrs. Hourigan, the wife of a selector living near the Crocodile Ro&d;, about six miles from come into town every week with butter and otlier produce. Yesterday she came to towu as usual, and as she was appnucbing the stockyard on her way home she was seen to rendered, but when she was picked up it was found that t-he wa& dead. Mrs. .Joues : ' Why, Toiinuy, have you got tired already of playing with your little taster !'T Tuuunv - ** Yea, I don't want to iilay with her any more' Mr*. -Smith (a. vi* Uor) : ?* Why not, louimy ?' Tommy : ** Bucuu&e; elic i& too uiL'au for anything, bhe wvkii ti^lit a bit like uu and pa. t-Ue only aulks.'* 