' THE HALL-SLAVIN . FIGHT.. A SORRY EXHIBITION. The Spectators Disgusted. Both Men Hissed and Cautioned— A Queer Contest for £1000 Purse — Slavin Dazed all the Time. 'Tito nllcged fight between Frank P. Slavin und Jim Linll in London on May 20 is thus written of by the Spouting Lifk:— Tile contrast presented by lite two men when they, stripped was .enormous. It moro than counterbalanced the meaning or tne murmur— -inmost a protesting sound — which had rung through tho audi- ennu when Mr. Fleming announced the difference in tho weights — Slavin 13st. and Hull list. 5I!b. "Aro you ready— shako hands" eamo from Mr. Vize, und then began one of the most extraordinary performances ever witnessed iti a ring dur ing what may bo teimed tho Queensiieiry regime. Albeit the end was not lvuened at the beginning — as it was when Jaeltson de moralised Smith, f. r example — it looked for some exciting moments as if it was all over, llail opened with a sting ing biow upon SDvin's jaw, and turned liiin round like a tee-to-tuni. From that moment Slavin wore a dazed expresion, which was manifestly incomprehensible to most of tho spectators, who were wrought up io the highest pitch oi excitement. Ho brightened up a bit luler, so fur us Ilis looks were con cerned, but be did no work whatever that recalled tho Slavin of ihe opening rounds with Jackson a year b fore. It might have been quitu another individual. 11.J1 was lissome and smiting, yet toarcely as effect. ve IU Ul'lll II I t-il Q Nil 11 US Ilia IMC Jill 3 UlUUllb 116 should have been considering the advantage lie gained on i ho outct. 'I he second mund showed no recovery of stamina or sitiil on tho'. part of Sluvin. He got some blows in, bnt.'litey were clumsy, and lie appeared to light, with flaccid hands. He pushed instead of striking, and he did not move as thougn he liud a perfect command of his limbs. At times his Was not only a weak, but a siily- looking exhibition. By the time the third round was nearly over, a round in which llail was pusrfed away by S.avin, tiie formi r .got' .home successfully ,iu the usual way on the faeo, but the entire operation was so tame it elicited the.. exclamation i'mjIii Mr. Vizo of i'No fight, no purse," followed by others aiid sibillant- sounds' , of disappi obutioii the iiianugei'3 of the procecdiugs were unable to quell. lit the. four th round Slavin ..appeared, to improve, bin there was no i pbwder in his blows, und lui.otiier excltttnafibii joathe.. from the referee, .'.' If you don't figiit I'll 'stop the contost."...Thi3 provoked the audible .disapprobation /.'of the . Hall party, , who. upnoared to think that bo at any rate ,wus not to .binme.p /J'be next round. Slavin; fell to, a knoek-dowVblow. ,Hc, in fact, stug- gercd: bntler ,qn;e -of "Hail's visitations aud foil. Iii'the sixth rhuiid thero .'was a ghost of recovery tmanifesto'd: by.; Siavin,; or his hnpiDgingainst.hope supporters thbug'nt. so. But' it- provod a falia'ciuus fliekera ln the sovenA.fbuud ho received his quietus. Exit Siavin. ' . rocsd 1. ' As th'ey; ;sparred :up for., an opening the clock registered 'five . minutes past 11. ::l'n point of height the meii were its equally, , matched as: poasiblej wiiild; there did hot appear 'to be the stated Ndili'eretiee betweeii, them in tiie matter of weight. Slavin held his . hands very low, while Hail,' . who, ; by comparison ; with his ruddy opponent, looked- rather siekiy, '.sparred, very high. Aitor eyeing each "-.(btb'or .carefully,-. - Slavin , ath aneed, : and Hull gave way. Siuviti then mude a inovo as if he was -going to lead oil, but, quick us. ti flash',. to' the. /great surprise of all present, Hall anticipated 'bis opponent, and lashed out with, bis right. . The blow landed square . ..on Slavic's jaw,' and tho aii'uir looked us good us , over ltd conithence with. ' Slavin staggered aud liearly fell, hut managed to; retain his feet, and Hall stood away and smiled. Feebly Slavin tried - n rush, and hit out .clumsily .at .his '.opponent's: ribs, and then: clinched;, Hali laughed as ho pushed his tntui back,' and us the pair began to box very curiously, and frequently em- . braced, tho big crowd began to hiss. '.''Slavin' seemed dazed, or bewilderedi und acted ,fn an extraordinary manner, and , as Hall did not take advantage of him, a etoim of hisses arose. ;The men \vcre indulging in a. mild raii at the call of " Time 1" ItOOKD 2. . Refreshed by the attentions of his seconds, Slavin, wlio Avore a determined expression, commenced to ' see-suw with his arms very, '.quickly.- He presently made a. rush, but a- clinch ' only"' resulted, atid as they broke away Hull tupped him slightly on the fuce with his left. Slavin after this made repeated ciumsy. attempts to reach Hall's face, but the latter kept smiling as he pushed Frank awaji from him. Clinch followed clinch in monotonous succession, und though lie kept swinging ieft and right Siavin was totally unable to land a blow of any moment, whereas Hull posi tively refrained from striking his opponent, though ho had aiiy number of opportunities. In fact, hardly a blow was struck ou either side throughout tho round, and again hisses and cries of disgust cumo from every part of the building, ItOCND 3. Directly ho left his cornor Slavin, as befote, began sparring wildly, und after ono ineffectual attempt he swung his left lightly over Hall's guard, and reached the face. They then embraced, and Hall appeared tho stronger man by forcing S uvin back. Hall presently feinted, and then swung bis right round on the jaw. Siavin staggered baok, but came i'orwurd again only to receive a second dose on tho same Spot. Ho hero lowered his hands, and mado no effort tn protect himself, but Hall did hot avail himself of tho openings. Presently Slavin pulled himself together a bit, and begun to dab bis right on his opponent's body. There seemed very little force behind the blows, however, and Hall, made no pretence of stopping them, but simply countorod with his left on t' a nose and mouth, und slightly cut Siavin's lips. As they stood in the centre of tho ring and patted each other with their left bands, quite a storm of hissing arose, mingled witli erics of " Stop it!" "Turn them out!"&o.; At tho call of "Time I" Mr. Yize entered the ring ana cautioned the men as to their conduct. Ho said, "If you don't try there'll be "no purse!" and tills remark was loudly ap plauded by the onlookers. ItOOND 4. The rebuke administered appeared likely to have a good result, as immediately tho minute's praco had expired Slavin almost ran from li is corner over to his antagonist. Before Hall could get his guard up Slavin landed his left clove smartly on tho nose, and following tho blow up quickly again reached that orgnn with force. Encouraged by tho success of thesu efforts lie made a rush, and swung his right at the jaw, but Hall grinned and sprang aside, whereupon hiavin almost turned a pirouette. Before ho couiu recoicr himself llali dashed upon mm. ami as Siavin held his hands vory low tho lighter man was enabled to reach tho face with the luft Beveral times. Each in turn now chased the other, hut their ultompts at fighting woro ludicrous in tile extreme, and provoked more iiissing. The boxing did not improve, however, seeing wiiiuti the roieree again cautioned the men, saying, "Ifyou don't fight I shall stop it." 'Tho round closed amid a scene of gretti confusion, the like of which has never been seen within the club beiore, the feeling generally being one of disgust. ROUND G. As soon as tho minute's rest had expired Hall went after Slavin, but after dropping his left on tho damaged mouth tne pair clinched. They held eaeii other for a few seconds, and Ha 1, wno kept liis left glovo ou Siavin's face, pushed tho latter away at length. When tney drew close again Slavin made a bit oi a show, and tliteu or four times lie swung his right, hut tne blows on iy landed ou Han's buck, und did not ap pear to etieet the least daina..o. Had witit a straight left-hander raised a lump under Siavin's lignt eye, and then both frequently lashed out witli the dex ter mauley, but failed to reach the intended spot. At olio time Slavin ap parently tried his utmost to bring oil a Knockout, and Hail retreated toiiiid the ring. , Suddenly ill o latter stopped short, and timing himself nicety, iie drove ills right with considerable force on Siavin's jaw, and down went t ho burly Frank on to the boards, Slavin rose siowiy, and looked dazed, hut Hail gave him time to recover himself. Having collected ills thoughts Slavin drew close, unci mude l'eebio uiicmpts to damage Hall's ribs, but though he did no hut'iii hiniseit lie managed to pre vent Hail hurting him. Tne call of "Time" cubic with tho pair in Holds. ROUND 0. No sooner was tne word given for hostili ties to be resumed than Slavin made a rush, and lushed out with both hands. Hall, how ever, skipped nimbly on one side and laughed as Siavin blundered on to the ropes. This performance was repealed, and Slavin looked annoyed, but was uriubio to alter matters owing to Hail's tricky leg work. When it suited him, Hall nun u Hit in>; u'JBb ui a uusLuuy taliy, . and Siavin hit with great lack of judgmont, and was frequently -out of ranee. Hali vvus now mucii dtroneer than his opponent, and after a few rapid blows on the lieud lie drove Slavin into his own corner. Here the big fellow looked per fectly bevviidcreo, and as ho duelled to avoid punishment Hull administered u vicious u'pper-cut! It looked all over with Slavin now, for ho was us weak as a bauy, but the call of "Time !'' saved him. . round 7 and last. When ho caine out of iiis corneriafter the rest Sluvin looked used np. Still he was the. first to - niuke play, und tried to reach Hall's face, Tho blow was easily guarded, and then Hall in turn popped his own' sinister blind smartly on tno mourn, aiid' drove Siavin's head back. Again Hall went at -liiui, and reaened the heud, aud Siavin leaned against his op ponent and tried to fib at. the body. Hull spunked bis left oh the face two or three tunes, and then suddenly shot out his rigitt on tile jaw, anu Siavin staggered. The left side of Siavin's iuoc now began to swell, and after a lot more hugging Dull got the 'right hoiiie' Again, Siavin was now very groggy, and he Btuggered over to ins corner as if ho tnought the round wis up. Finding this was not tho cuse, Staviii returned to the centre, und tried to swing : liis rigiit on the head, only, how ever, to be nppei'-eut twice by Hail, who then suddenly svvu his right round oil tho jaw, ami Slavin dropped fliit on his back in thu centre of the ring. Tiiero ho lay until tho ID seconds wero up, when Hull was declared the winner ami' Slavin .was assisted to his corner.'- Tho .seconds of tho winner 'fairly- jumped with joy when the decision vviis, given, aiid hoisted their principal shoulder nigh. The; spectators, JioWever, , wero-.fur from pleased, undV though a few applauded,. , tho majority., of . those; present , hissed, and groitncd. ' Tiiis sort of - thing was kept., up for some, .time, and oil . Siiiviil ., leaving .the . arena lie was saluted with another - volley of liissos, and .thus ended u contest that irom tile very, start was a hitter disappoint ment, being one-sided .throughout. " : - 