OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Melbourne, Saturday. Most of ns m oar youth have bad experience of large public schools or colleges. And we know how when the day of breaking up for the holidays is announced, there is a general collapse of work all round, and that which is attempted is perfunctory and sloppishly performed. Such are the conditions that have obtained in onr Assembly this week. The Appropriation Bill was put through with such disregard oE the conveniences that it was reported read a third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Council in considerably less than a minute, the House giving assent by dumb acquiescence ; in fact, the rapidity of the proceedings was so great that scarcely a soul present knew what was going on. On Thursday night the Assembly not only dealt with six bills, passing them through all stages, but with five others besides, and spent about two and a half hours over the Opium Bill, to which at least a fortnight’s consideration should have been given._This may be considered smart Parliamentary work, but it is not sound legislation. There is a difference between the two, just as there is between smart and solid journalism. Talking of this an amusing story comes to me ot an event which has happened recently. I alter the facts a little with out interfering with the leading incident. Two journalists, the one representing a paper I will call Y, and the other agent of L, were desirous to become possessors of a certain photograph, representing an event now semi-historic. L made over tures to the owner of the picture, which was being exhibited at the time, and was told I hat he would sell it for £5. Wher upon L promptly borrowed the five pounds from his competitor, who, un witting of what effect it was to work, lent it to him, and then the wily one danced o£E in triumph. The result was L's paper produced the reproduction of the photograph three days before Y’s. Smart, was it not ? But I was talking of the condition of the House. Walking over to the Grand the other night, I said to Mr. Deakin, “ Why on earth did you let these people have their Appropriation Bill a fortnight before the session has concluded ?” He replied “ What is the use of trying to do anything in the present House. As I pointed out the other night, it is purely paralysed effete defunct, without will power or thought.” And there is a good deal in this. An Assembly which passes without a word of comment or debate a Thistles Amending Act, which gives the Governor-in-Council power to proclaim “any plant a thistle”—at present there is a movement on foot to have the com which agrees to an Opium"bT|T,”which"“if it proves as effective as its advocates hope, must cause the deaths of many habitual opium smokers, both Chinese and Euro pean, after a debate of about two and a half hours—in which the strength of the argument was all against the measure— must be fairly held to have surrendered all right of criticism, and to have recon ciled itself, to say in the words of the folk-lore tale, “I am toby’s mate dog; when he barks, I bark too.” But of course this kind of thing always happens after the Appropriation Bill has passed. The Assembly always recognises that by that act it has engaged its housekeepers for the rest of the year, and given the keys of the House in to their keeping. And so members betake thewselves to the billiard rooms, and better still, the re freshment rooms, and say “ Oh 1 let the Government do what they please, we can’t prevent them, they can do what they like in recess.” There are, by the way, some wicked people who wish that the financial exigencies of our constitu tion were such as to enable eaoh recess to be extended for three years. Then they say there should be a general elec tion and a meeting of Parliament, and then—why shut ’em up in recess for three years more. Some weeks before Parliament resumed I was walking down Swnnston street with the Premier en route to catch the train to Murrumbeena, which is now growing quite a charming suburb, chat ting partly in confidence, partly not. He said “ Look here, we must have an income tar, we can’t really get along without it.” I said “ You’ll never carry it if you attempt it, and if you do you can reckon on my opposition for one from start to finish.” That the prophecy was not far out may be seen from the fact that the Income Tax Bill died early in its weakly life never even reaching the committee stage, and has now been, at the instance of its author, discharged from the notice paper. A similar fate will, 1 think, befall that tax upon land values which the Govern ment meditate when it meets Parliament next year, unless they modify the cardi nal principle of the measure. Poor oid Harwood 1 It seems hard that, for no fault of his own, he who had won leisure by hard work should have to take to the boards to earn a living for himself and wife, once the well-known Docy Stewart. He has joined Thornton’s company at the Bijon, and fortunately at this theatre the ghost walks, which it' does not on treasury day at all in Mel bourne. At public meetings, especially when they are those of shareholders connected with financial concerns, we are wont to deride the unfortunate one present who shrieks of evil and is not satisfied with the dividend paid that has been honestly earned. Yet that it is foolish to do this is instanced by the case of Hugh Peck. Hugh is an old colonist. I have person ally known him since about 1856, when he used to truck round vegetables—we used to all do anything to turn a penny in those days, and we had not felt the benificence of the influence of the vege* table John. At.a meeting of thb Federal Sank he stood up boldly and said that on its own published statement the con cern was rotten, and that it could not long bo carried on. Munro gassed over bis head, and, of course, a chairman of directors, with his knowledge of the operations of the institution, has an enor mous advantage over a mere shareholder who, called upon at the instance, can neither understand, answer, nor confute the figures hurled at him. The share holders, toe, are naturally desirous that nothing should be uttered to depreciate the value of their shares. Yet what price the Federal and Hugh Peck now ? Concerning the Federal business I heard the other day a sad story. It was only one of hundreds of similar ones with which we become familiar in Melbourne; yet even familiarity does not blunt our sense of disappropriation. A widow bad occasion, partly from scare, to draw her little all out of the investment in which it had been used. Snowing that Mr. Manro bad been assooiated with ber dead hnsband, she went to him for ad vice as to bow she should dispose of wbat was the sole means of preserving her from poverty. He advised ber to de posit it with the Federal Bank. Three days afterwards the bank closed its doors! And it has to be remembered that the man who could commit an aot like this has been Premier of this colony, iu which capacity he has had control of the Treasury, and has been our Agent General. I don’t want to exaggerate in the least, but the solid fact of metropolitan life is this, that an immense number of the people could not have existed, despite the efforts of the charitable organisations, had it not been for the exceptionally low prices of all food. Bents, of course, have been reduced through the simple fact ■ that no one would take premises at old rates; although this may seem an absurd illustration, as I walked along Swanston street to-night, I saw the first of the season’s strawberries labelled at 9d per basket of about a quarter of a pound, and cherries barely developed at 2d. A few years ago precisely the same articles would have been labelled 2s and 6d re spectively. Some time ago I think I told you that one of our restauranteurs was giving a good, sound meal for 3d, with a penny extra for a cup of tea or coSee. But this is far outdone by the announce ment in one of our Flinders street restau* rants—after which I give up this subject as too obtruse for me—that for 6d they are prepared to provide a menu consisting of soup, fish, poultry, a joint, sweets, cheese, lettuce, and as much bread and butter as the guest likes to eat: • A.fter ■ this I confess I feel like lie who said,' “From this day out I never will speak more;” for a menu like this soars above my conception of a sixpenny bash, and o’ershadows the threepenny and tup« penny men who confine themselves to one course quickly served hot. 