Our LoHdon Letter. < , Queen Anne's Gate, London. December 29,. 1892. MY DEAR CLABA,-Christmas Day has come and gone, and I am not sorry ; al- though it fell on a Sunday it was quite a busy one. Special services were held at St Paul's and Westminster Abbey. We attended the latter, which was most im- pressive. The abbey was crowded. The Lord Mayor went in state to St. Mary's, Moorfields. Mr. Santley, at the pro-cathe- dral, /Kensington, conducted a new mass written by himself-I hear great things of it. In addition to the organ there was an orchestra led by Mr. Carrodus. ^When we got back from the service we held quite a reception ; it is ah old- custom of ours to expect our friends, and they generally turn up., The order of the day is " dry ' champagne and hot mince pies," which spoils your lunch and tries your digestion. Mais que voulez vous-Christmas comes, but once a year (fortunately). There wi a quite a delightful episode this morning ; papa is nothing if not practical, aud he gave each of us girls a little cheque splendid j we are armed and eager for the January sales. In the evening Sve had "snapdragon" and ghost stories. Gho&ts; are the proper thing at Christmas. Did you eyer Bit lip in your own room at night reading a ghost story of so blood-curdling a nature that you were nearly toó terrified ' to turn the leaves ? I have, and it is just lovely. We went to bed tired to death at 2 a.m., and were awakened by hideous noises-one of the experiences of thc season-" The Waits "--a shrill cornet, c wheezy trombone, à demon clarionet, i "harp (out of tune), a violin (ditto). Thej struck up " Christians Awake " (and w< awaked), followed by "God Bless Yoi Merry Gentlemen," the snow falling thickly and softly, trying, but. ID effectually, U 'shut them up from the painful sound evoked: There is a talk of the Prince and Princes opening Parliament. l am afraid it is to good to be true. It would be a great im provement on the usual dull ceremony There is also a report that the. Queen ha decided not to be present at any Drawing room this season; that is too bad to b true. Fancy the despair of the debutante who, in Bpite of all the love and respec felt for the Princess, prefer kissing hand when " Her Most Gracious " is in presence : The Queen is delighted. with her nei Orien tal room at Osborne-the designs an work all by Oriental artists. Her Majest seems to be getting quite lively. Thei are to be tableaux vivants on a grand scale i January, and they are to take place in th: room. The county ball season is at hand scarcely so " smart " as the regular hui ball, but still very smart indeed, ai people have found out that old frocks refu bished won't do. Everybody has ino room to look at and more time to talk abo you than in town.: The Pas de quatre danced a good deal at private balls, and is great fun. .Private theatricals are the rage in country houses-all very well where there are great halls, but horrid iu small houses. " Bal Poudre " is a pretty function, and bids fair to supersede the antiquated fancy dress ball. I went to the TRUTH Toy Show at Albert Hall, and a regular, right down, royal show iib was. A kingdom of dolls--queens, princesses, princes, duchesses (from that delightf ul 'but slightly improper,. Nell Gwynne,, downwards) ; Ked .Biding Hood and her ; grandma, little Bo Peep fond her sheep, pjèasant boys and girls, fishermen and. women, Little Lord Fauntleroy, and his 'I dearest," the oldest tin; soldier and th e newest tin omnibus. ; lions and ; tigers roar, wolves snarl, donkeys: bray, and baa lambs bleat at you. Under a glass case, 111,000 sixpences,'-the gift, of some pious donor I a real bright and charming show. It was a perfect and great success. Surely it must be á gracious burden for the pro- prietor of .TBUTH to bear the thanks and grateful thoughts of so many suffering little ones. Talking, of TBUTH, I do hot find it so entertaining now ; no little on dit, no little scandal of your dearest friend, no nasty snacks al; reverenced things, no going into personal expenditure, no inquiries into the administration of the poudré puff depart- ment. Fancy the " Bogie Man " of America, Jay Gould, being a litterateur. He wrote a book (before he had enemies), the history of ^his native place, Ulster, County New York. He was smart, and did hot have a publisher, but " peddled " it himself, and, mirabiXe dictu, made money. Mary Grant was telling her mother that the city solicitor had seized the " missing word" competition money, £24,000. " What a disgrace for a man in his position," said" her ladyship. " But, of course, they will catch him before he gets out of the country." , I send you a funny advertisement: " Wanted, a plain young lady (the plainer the better) to help a small genteel family in their domestic matters. One without ringlets preferred.? At a concert at St. James's Hall the other day, Miss Macintyre, after singing the vocal arrangement of Mascagni's " Tuter mezzo," was compelled to return to the platform three times. Mozart's " Clarionet Quintette " was given at' the London Pops. ; the slow movement was played with such beauty of tone and exquisite finish by Herr Mühlfeld, that the audience " rose " at him.' The University of Cambridge has .offered to confer on Herr Edward Greig, Max Bruch, M. Camille Saint Saens, Signor Boito, and M. Tschaikowsky the degree of Doctor of Music, honoris causa. The offer: has been unanimously accepted, and they will visit London next June for the function. We went'to Lady Sybil's "At Home before marriage.'' The Wedding (a great affair) comes off next week. These receptions are much more common now than they were, and must be awfully trying for the bride, who, of course, in the last week has so much to do. The cards look like wed- ding ones silver-edged. " « At Home ' (silver letters), December 27, 28, and 29. The object-to display the presents.1' ' Hers were' magnificent. One silver gilt tea service, given by the tenants, was accompanied by an illuminated address. A diamond tiara, given by the groom's mother (tiaras are quite the thing now), had a top line made of very fine turquoises (they are in great demand, and good ones are very dear). The bride and her sisters receive the guests, show .the presents, and the poor groom helps you to tea and scandal ad lib. Poor Montague Williams died last week, Papa thought the world of him.* He says women, especially poor and unhappy ones, lost a good friend in him. He married Miss Louise Keely, the daughter of Mrs, Keely, the oldest living actress. He wat very fond of the theatre, and a régulai " first nighter." There may be " nothing in. it," but ï makes me feel " creepy " to hear that while Mr. Fred Leslie was sitting at tabh well and hearty, his portrait fell from th« wall. That night he was taken ill. At a sale at Sotheby's the other day < book of poems, by two brothers, Alf rec and Charles Tennyson (for which they re ceived £30), fetched £480. Best love. Dearest auntie sends von i kiss. Your loving cousin, KATE« 