MUSICAL AND DRAMATIO NOTES. A strange eventful history is that of "It is Never Too Late to Mond," tho drama which Mr. George Rignold revives this evening at Her Majesty's Theatre. Although produced by the author only as late as I860, >t had for some years been "pirated" for tho stage from the famous novel of the same name. The novel itself was fouudod on Charles Reade_ own drama entitled " Gold." first staged at Drury-laoe 'Iheatre in 1853. " Gold," which formed the basis of the third volume of the great novel, ran for six week* at Drury-laoe, realising a profit of £1200, of which-'Roado hunsolf received £20 a week and a box as long as the run endured. Reade, in his "Literary Remains," refers to the matter in these words " This drama, ' _old,' though loosely constructed, was English, and hit the time. Not being stolon from the French by any member of the trades union of playwright critics, it was much dispraised in tho papers, and crowded tho theatre, and saved the manager. Afterwards, I added a new vein of incident« taken from prison life, and so turned the drama ' Gold ' into tie novel ' It u Never Too Late.' Tho novel tempted mo to reconstruct a more effective drama. I offered it to one or two manager«. They declined, and gave their reasons-if I may venture to apply that terra to the logic of gorillas. Presently piratical scribblers got hold of the subject, and gorilla logic melted away directly in tho sunshine of theft. Several piratical version» were played, in town and country, with a success unparalleled in those day*. Saloons rose into theatres by my brains, stolen. Managers made at least £70,000 out of my brains, stolen , but not one would pay the inventor a shilling, nor give his piece a hearing." After three suits m the Common Plea* and three injunc- tions m Equity Reade recovered hi» property, and then found himself unable to get his own version performed at a London theatre. The great novel had been published in 1856, about two years later the author succeeded in stopping illegal »tage versions of it, and for seven years after that he wa» unable to get hi» play accepted. " It ii Never Too Late to Mend " was, finally, produced by Mr. George Vining at the J?nncoBs's Theatre, London, on 4th October, 18G5. A clique in the theatre objected to lhe inhumanity of the prison scenes, and there was something of a not. The a'titudo of the press towards the piece was antagonistic, and the author writes furiously against "the trades union of playwright cntics," accusing them of supporting the pirated versions as against his own. 1'ho first-night notices aro not given in Reade'« Memoir», so that it may lia of interest if we quote the Athenäum oi the 7th October, I860. The notice, whtch is »hort and cold, closes-'. In the form in which tho vv ork has hitherto appoored, it has boen popular both in town and country. In the now form imposed on it by Mr. Reads himself every- thing ii elaborated and exaggerated, and. by bad «tage arrangement thing» which ought to have been thrown into the shade aro brought prominently forth into the light" Now, had Reade'» version proved a failure, his gibe that " criticism in England has always exhibited the beautiful incertitude of cricket" would lose its sting. But events showed that if the pirated adap- tations " had b"on popular both in town and countrj," the author's play was still moro popular. The drama, In spite of this unanimous opposition, ran 118 night« at the Princess's Theatre. The profits were £8000, of which £2000 carno to the author on sharos. It was played in six different theatres during 1871, and became one of the stock pieces of the English Btage. The prison scenes were unfor- tunately founded on fact The Hawes of novel and drama was suggosted by Lieutenant Austin, Governor of Birmingham Gaol in 1851, who was ultimately convicted by inflicting grievous bodily harm upon a boy of 15 years of age iiuxued Edward Andrews-the Josephs of to-night's revival. The unfortunate lad, who had boen sentenced to three months' imprisonment for stealing 41b of beef, was put to work at a heavy crank, fed on bread and water, strapped np for hours in the punishment jacket, and m other ways waa maltreated by Austin until his death by suicide, aud it is recorded that dunng Austin's short tenure of office 12 other pri- soners attempted to commit suicide. Tom Robinson, the character in which Mr Rignoldnow appears, -was originally createdby Mr. Henry Neville, who was suc- ceeded in 1879 by Mr. Charles Warner. The latter's exuberant rendering delighted Charles Reade. " I ho dog is so picturesque ' " was his terse eulogium of the other Charles. In Australia the part n as hist plsyed ut the old Queen's Theatre by Mr. Alfred Dampier, with Miss Kata Douglas as Susan. Mr Dampier held tho author's Bcnp, with charac- teristic stage directions and comments, until the visit of Mr. Warner to Australia, when the rights were transferred, and Mr Dampier'» abilitj ni the port is acknowledged with gratitude in the "Memoirs," where Reade refers to him as " that master of melo dr-tna." In his dressing-room at the Theatre Royal, Mr. Dampier has at this moment some spirited pen-and-ink «ketches of scenes from the play by tho daughter of Mrs. Laura Soymour, the actress who figured m so many of Rende's dramas, beneath each i« on inscription to Mr. Dampier in tho novelist'» delicate and scholarly handwriting. 1 his evening s version of "It is Nev or Too Late Too Mond" will elipse all others in the realism of the third act. Two scoro aboriginals from the apinn fcx Desert will appear in the Australian scenes-a piece of realism which would have delighted the dramatist had he lived to see it " A Woman of No Im portanco," Mr Oscar Wlldo's now four-act comedy-drama, was produced at the Haymarket Theatr« on the 10th April It is said to contain but one really dramatic situation. Lord Illingworth has dared to insult a prcttv American girl of Puritanical tendene cs, by forcibly kissing her in a garden. Ho is called to account bv his youthful secretary, Gerald Arbuthnot iMr Fred Terry), who in on the point of laying violent hands upon him when tho exclamation, " Hold, Gerald ' he is your lather'" stays his nphftodarm. The voice which thus arrests Gerald's stern purposo is that of his own mother (Mrs Bernard-Boere), the socret which she has hithorto guarded from her son being thus for the first time revealed to h.m This sceno brings to a dose the third act. Mr. \\\ ildo's theme is that of the hollowncss of tno con- ventional monility which treats the profligate seducer with infinitely moro indulgence than the victim of his arts Even the son, who is play ed with spirit by Mr Fred Terry, though he elinga to his mother after the revelation of her secret, with manly steadfast- ness, is a little infected with the cant of hu associ- ates , for he deems it a duty to insist upon Lord Illingworth making what ho calls "reDnration," bj marrying his mother, who is known to the world as Mrs Arbuthnot. The lady, however, has a higher sense of personal dignity, and refuses to bind borself for life to a worthless husband. Miss Julia Neilson plays tho American Puritan Girl, who finally per- suades Mrs Arbuthnot to leave this corrupt state of society for the more congenial atmosphere of tho new world. Playgoers will learn with regret of the complete retirement from the stage of Miss Maggie Knight, to whose talent has been due the charming embodiment of many interesting characters. Probaboy Miss Knight's best part was that of Kate Verity in "The Squire," which she played with touching grace and tender womanliness durng Mr Wybert Reeve's tenure of the Gaiety Theatre. Miss Knight, who a few years back visited England, when she appeared with success at the Grand Theatre, London, played the pretty comedy part of Norah Desmond in Mr. Bland Holt's production of " The Bells of Hasle- mere" at the Iheatre Royal just two years ago, since which time she Has gradually withdrawn from stage work. The last appearance of this artiste, which can in any sense of the word be termed public, was at St Andrew's Cathedral on Queen's Birthday, when she waa married to Mr. H. W. Henderson, of this city, a gentleman well known and respected in shipping circles. li. Henri Kowalski has received from Paris news of the continued success of Miss Mildred Birch, who is stated by some of the Paris critics to have sang the "Mirella" waits song by Gounod with, great brilliancy. This was at the Military Club, anda double encore is said to have resulted, rrom the press notices, the young soprano «mee she left Sydney would appear to have improved m quite a miraculous way under the tuition of Mme. Mackenzie de Diets , and on her return a few months heneo it will accordingly bo interesting to note how much of the fervid enthusiasm of the French press is justified by results. The World praises the author (H. J. Dam) of Mrs. Kendal'» new piece at the Avenue Theatre, "The Silver Sholl," a* the pos ?eseor of one priceless gift-"that fine con- tempt for prosaio probability or consistency, without which the great effects of romantic melo- drama are not to be attained." This ironical compli- ment notwithstanding, the dialogue is strong and terse, and the play will prove, it is believed, a great success. Mr. William Elton appears to have been unlucky ?ince his return to London. He signed for a year's engagement at the Trafalgar -quart? Theatre, which howaver, waa not earned ont owing to the failure of "Tho Wedding Eve" and the little interest taken in the revival of " Dorothy " Now he finds himself with a handsomely furnished houso on his hands and no definite prospect of remunerative work in London. Comic opera enterprise just now is at a very low ebb, fire or six new pieces having failed successively. Mr. Ernest Tord's ' now hypnotic opera," to a librotto by Mr J. M Barrio, is to bo produced short'y at the Savoy Thi 're Owing to heavy losses in comic opera, Mr. jj'Oyloy Cartu is refusing big salaries, and has reorganised his company so U3 to introduce young singers of talent. Miss Florence Perry, Miss Timby Owen, Miss Jose Shaldon, and Miss May Bell ore to be promoted in the new produc- tion, with Miss Decima Moore as pruna donna " Ghosts " has been produced at the Teatro Com- munale, Trieste, where according to the Vienna correspondent of the Daily J\ewi, the progress of the third act was interrupted by a violent commotion, ladies fainting, shrieking, nnd disappearing At last " everybody present asked for the curtain to be lowered, ai.d this was dono before the piece was at an end Then the actor who played the part of Oswald »as called out 12 times " Mme Antoinette Sterling gave five concert* in Adehudo, and on Tuesday next »ho will make her first appearance at the Melbourne Town Hall. Tho famous contralto will gvofivo concerts in tho Vic- torian capital, closing on Tuesday wcok, and the following Saturday (10th June) her season will open in Sydnoy. At Naples Mr Lionol Rignold and his shipmates visited tho Sau Carlo Opera Houso, and the comedian sang " Mrs 'Encry 'Awkins," with tho scientific object of testing the acoustio properties of the vast theaho Tho Italian attendants were shocked ' Sir Arthur Sullivan will shortly go into retreat in tbo country to composo the music ror Mr Gilbert'» new libretto Tho now opera is to bo produced at tho close of tho year at the Savoy Theatre. Says the Era -" Bad business has been known in London before , but the badness of Easter neck, 1S93, established a record which it will-wo sincerely hope-be difficult for futuro years to break " Signor Verdi has telegraphed to the Syndic at Romo who invited hi* presence, " In spite of my 80 years I will be present at the first performance of ' Falstaff ' in Rome " Professor C. V Stanford is now in Torquay, where ho is engaged in rov ising the scoro of his opera " Tho Veiled Prophet," w hicli Sir Augustas Harris intends to produce at Covcnt Garden in the courso of the Italian o j era season I 