Mr. Patterson, if wo may tako him seriously, holds of our system of Parlia mentary government, as an ox-Com- missionor did of the Victorian rail way management, that it is " tlie " most perfect in tlio wholo world." Tlio culogium in both cases is about equally justified by tlio facts. The Premier loves to think of himself as a " party " leador, laying about him with a party bludgeon, crack ing tlio heads of party foos, fighting for great "party" objects. To our genial, jovial, lighting Premier, a Government which had no "wrestling" to do, ho blows to give and take, no shille laghs to twirl, no heads to break, muBt dio of ennui. A Parlia ment lod by such a Government would degenerate into a mere business body, as dull, \horribiie didu, as a municipal council. To think of a Parliament merely meeting to do tho work of tlio country is in tho Premier's mind to conceive a horror. To make laws in cool blood, unaccompanied by tlio plots and intrigues which seek to destroy men and combinations of men, is abhorrent to tlie Parliamentary gladiator, who would rather bo mangled for doing right than lie deprived of his opportunity of mangling othor people. Nor does the Premier stand alono in his liking for these " crowded hours of glorious "strife." Sir Graham Berry is equally aghast at any Parliamentary reform which, iu abolishing struggles for oilicb, should make Parliament an assemblage for more work, like tlie local bodies. It lias never entered into tlie heads of tliese old political warriors that politics aro a serious business in the interests nf the State rather than a pageant for tiie display of personal prowess. In their minds Parliaments, having inherited . tlie power formerly wieldod by inoiiurchs, may how most properly exercise The right divino of kings to govern wrong, and convert the legislative machine into a plaything. Mr. Best has got his select committee on Parliamentary reform, but may find him self in some trouble about what to do with it, if many of its members come to thoir task in tlio samo rollicking spirit as tlie lcadors on tlio right and. left of tho Speaker. It is natural no doubt, for tho veteran to grow wedded to his old wea pons. Tlie ancient sea-dog looked with contempt on tiie first steamships ; Vulcan himself would liavo cursed tlio Nosmytii hummer; Tony Wellor would have spurned a railway locomotive. Mr. Best .must .Expect the (ate of all reformers. Rut, for his comfort, lie may ha encouraged by tlio thought that if tho road is rough it is no less cortain. The steamships, steam hummers and steam locomotives aro all ply ing in epito of oid fogoyism ; and tiie mis chievous oxcrcsconccs with which " pnrty" government at present clogs tlio Parlia mentary inaohino aro cortain to bo sooner or later cut away by the keen common sense of thu generation tlint is rising. Tho roformor is lliorcforo witli tlie rising tide ; and lie may well tako heart of gracu, ovon when ho hears Premiers and ox- Premiers of tlio old school anathematising all innova tions. What Mr. Bost can he cortain of proving beyond n poradvontura is that tho " party" system, by which Oppositions are for evor scheming to turn out Governments rather than improve Government measures, is utterly and liopolessiy unscientific. But ho can prove much moro. . lie will show that the system camo into vogue in tlie midst of political fraud ; tiiat it was begotten and nurtured in corruption ; that it has been over used by tricksters and soheniors to promote personal intorcsts — novor in tlio interests of tho people ; thnt it ha3 dolayed indefinitely tho most beneficent reforms, aud cheated wholo genorations out of their political rights. Testimony in proof of this lies around in the records of every writer of noto, just as Herbert Sponcor, in his latest work on tlio I'liiiieipies of ethics, says Unit — " So far as " party government being an appliance to " carry out the national will, it only " becomes an appliance to override tlie " national will." Every ono of thoso things Mr. Best can provo on evldonce that is irrefragable. But oven this does not constitulo tho darkest accusation against " party " government, which, be it remembered, is no proper part at all of Parliamentary government. England had responsible government and Parlia mentary government for many centuries before this " pnrty " systom crept in to vitiato tlio representative principle. Probably tlio worst evil which party government lias engendered wherever it has gono is tlio personal demoralisa tion of those who liavo had to work it. Mr. Bost quoted Sir Henry Maine to show that "party governinont " is subversive of tlio ordinary principles of morality ; that mon do tilings undor its influence which tiiey would loathe in ordinary lifo. They plot, conspire, intriguo, eqnivocato and dccoivo friend and foe alike, and fool ho honest blush when they aro dotcctod. It is ail a recognised part of tlio gnmo of " tho old Parlia- " luontary hand." What Sir Henry Maine has placed ou record as to tlio moral declension it involves is nmply corroborated by othor writers of repute. Mr. Frank Hill, reviowinga recant wurk of Sir Charles Dilkc, speaks thus of tlie moral ntnio- spiiere in which tho politician moves : — rrobRbiy there is nu tnula which line ever been pursued by mnnkinit oinoo Adum delved and 13ve spun so deteriorating to intellect and character as that of the party politician. Ho who wishes for insteneos hns only to look around and be will find any number of them. The party politician almost of uccnsit? comes at last to see with tlio eyes and to think with tho fnoulties of tlio lowest, as being tlio most numerous of bis followers, adding only the gift of a superior cunning in tlio eeleotion of menus for tlio attain ment of snmetlines very ignoble ends. Tlie pnrty pnlitioian beoomos the cronturo of tbo f6le wltioli lie lias elioson to play. Tlio part determines tlio oondnot of tlio notot, not tho aetor that of tbo part. A moan or a terrible necessity urges him on from stop to step to a point which would onco have soemed to him Im possible that ho should have descended. Aro these accurate pictures or gross ex aggerations ? If true, they mean that tiie very tools with Which our statesmen are forced to worlc undor the system of " party " government make them dis honest workmen. What that means, in the degeneration of tlie moral fibre of tlie whole people, there is no ncod to enlarge upon. Goldsmith seemed to have realised something of its trutli even in his day, when he described his politician — Who, born for tlio tiniverso, narrowed bis mind, 'And to party gavo up what was meant for mankind. Aiid long boforo Goldsmith's timo a keener satirist told his countrymen that " party " is tlio madness of many for tlio gain of a "few." Yet it is this "madness," this product of moral obliquity, which Mr. Patterson declares to ho a thing vital to Parliamentary life. Aiw wiiv) ui vwuigU) ovtill 1U1 u moment that "party warfare" should ho eliminated from tho Parliamentary systom. Great questions will always properly divide deliberate bodies into separate parties. But " party government " is tlie death of honest "party warfare." Tlio politi-. cian lias constantly to choose botweon the abandonment of grent principles and tlie desertion of Ministers whom lie desires to maintain in their places. Were there " fixity of tomtro " in tlio Government, " party warfare " could liavo free play, unembarrassed by tlio personal question. Mr. Bost points us to Switzerland, whore cleetive Ministers have taken the placo of Governments dependent on "party" votes ; and it is notoworthy that thoughtful men of ail parties are turning to n study of that republic. An experienced writer, in tlio May numbor of tlie Andovcr Review, calls it " o model State," and says tiiat it is " the most highly developed " in tliedireotion of internationalism" as well as in its orderly domestic government. The drink traffic lias been grappled witli by making it a Government monopoly, tlie relations botween capital and labor are better than elsewhere, wages aro higher than in neighboring lands, and tlio artisan's lot generally improved. Nor does tiiis favorable description by any- means stand isolated. Rather, it' is tho suhstanco of many verdicts. A writer in the Revue des Deux Mondes, tracing tlie evolution of tlio Swiss Democracy through tlio Refer endum, declares that it lias managed to comhino an efficient conservative check with the most perfect rights of tlie citizens, and that it is still going on as a pioneer, and solving tlio groat principles involved in "compulsory voting" and "proportional " representation." Dr. Freeman, writing in tlie Universal Review on tlie working of tho Swiss Federal Constitution, said that we ought, if we would ho poli tically Wiso, to look at Switzer land as our schoolroom ; and lie specially invites all political thinkers to a study of Swiss politics. Tlie Referendum is "practically Conservative;" It was first embodied in tho Federal Constitution in 1874\. Between that time and 1890 144 federal laws wero passed, 22 of them being referred to tlie Referendum. Of tlieso 22 laws so referred, 13 wore rejected l>y tlio people and 9 approved. Thus, says tlio .English Historical Review, " the " Referendum is at present a conservative " institution— d real drag on tiie wheel.1' It admirably servesall tho purposes of a'secoud legislative Chamber, and that without any of the friction aud class jealousy occa sioned by our bi-cainoral system. It Was for theso reasons, no doubt, and also becauso it assistsin curing tiie ovilsthat Mr. Best seolcs to remedy, that Professor Freeman wrote of it da something which every Englishman ought to study. "For my own part," ha says, " I was onco . strong against tlio " Referendum, oven in its native Switzor- " laud. I am now less strong agaiiisl it " even here in Great Britain. One is " drnwn to anything which offers even a " chance of getting measures discussed and " voted on; in Parliament or out " of Parliament, on their real morlte, " nml not as they affect the .in- " tarosts of this or that Ministry." IIow different is this tone from that of onr impulsive Premier, who goes on Mr. .Rest's Select Committee of Inquiry, declaring that our system of party government " is " the most perfect in tlio whole world." Whorcver wo extend onr reading on litis subject it is the samo. It is quite truo that thoughtful men have found room for ohjcctionsagainstparts of tho Swiss system ; but all admit that system to bo one deserving of attentive study by every politician who seeks to know Ids trade. Tiie Edinburgh Review some time ngo devoted an nrticlo to roviawing Sir Francis Adams's hook on The Swiss Federation. Tlio main objections against the Referen dum are thore stated and answered. Tliay are— (1) that Parliament is alwnys wisor than its constituents, and therefore a nines vote might reject wise lnws; (2) the Referen dum diminishes tlie dignity of Parliament, and members under aRoferendum would ho ' constantly appealing to thoir constituents. As to tho first objeotion, it is truo. But it iR oqually a faot thnt our Uppor Houses still more often rejects wise laws in ordor to consorve sectional and selfish intoreSts. In tlio other caso, tiie dignity of Parliament has no right to stand abovo that of the Pcoplo, and tho appeals to popular opinion could scarcely be more direct than they aro at present. " On tho other lmiid," suyo the reviewer, t: the Referendum " is botli democratic and conservative. "It is loyally based on tlio principles of " democracy, and gives a democratic polity " tho stability of a monarchy and aris- " tocraey. . . . "Whore Dombcracy is " king, tlio Referendum is tho roynl veto." It is not indeed to bo believed that tlio Swiss people liavo reacliod a systom of poll- tieal perfection, as Mr. Patterson assorts of ours, but when wo turn from tlio work ing out of the science of Government in this littlo European Rcpublio and contrast it witli the cumbrous inaptitude of "party "government" in Great Britain and her colonics, wo nro struck porforCo witli tlio ovidenco of our disadvantages. If it bo true that Ho can't ho wrong wlioso llfo Is In tlio right, tlio converse must bo equally uniiiipugn- able — that thnt systom of " party " eaniuit he right which tends to so much wrong. And if, as Burke puts it — " All Govern- " inent, indeed every human benefit and " enjoyment, every virtuo and every " prudent act, is fonnded on compromise "and barter" — then tlio idiotic rigidity of tlie system which insists on displacing useful and popular Governments on account of tlio loss of a single clause in one of their measures, stands condomned at the bar of all common sense. 1 At last we aro to have a Society for tbo Discovery of the Soul I And wiy not? The advertising columns of tlio nowspapors show that Mystic Melbourne oilers as good a field to tho enterprising investigator in tho realms of tlie Supernatural as that classic ground of Spnokery, Boston itself, where mediums are as plentiful as dentists, and tiie wayfarer can get an interview with tlie ghost of his grandam as readily ns ho can got a tootli extracted, and a goad deal more cheaply. A society founded after tlio model of tlie Psychical Research Society of London would find plenty of work to do among us, and would do it vory much hotter than indi viduals, who aro generally speaking lamentably unqualified for investigating a mystery that depends for its solution upon tlie woighing and sifting of evidence. Tho critical temperament is only to bo found among an exceedingly limited number of persons iii a community at any ono time, and tlio people who take part at a seandb go to it for tlie most part in a frame of mind which does not fit them for criticising cither what tlioy hear or see. After ail, tlie quality of tlie evidonco is nf far more importance than tlio quantity. A single materialised spirit that has stood tlie observation of half a dozen qualified inves tigators of repulo will weigh more in tlio argument than a roomfull of spectres alleged to havo been seen liy a crowd of untutored witnesses to whom tlie laws of ovidenco aro a perfectly unknown expe rience. Tlie valuo of their united tea- t.itrmnv ift nnnnl ho Mm vn.lnn /if testimony taken individnaliy, and no mure. When Boswell avowed his boliof in the Cock-lano Ghost, ho said tlie ovidenco was enough for him, though it might notsuliico fur Dr. Johnson — "what will fill a pint " won't fill a quart bottle;" and his con fession would explain a good deal of popular credulity of all sorts and dimen sions. Iu addition to their iitoxpericnce, the nulnhor of people who under take tho fatiguo of judging for themselves is, as Mr. Puff reminds us, , vory small indeed ; and though wo aro supposod to livo in a scepti cal ago, there is always a large balance of credulity upou which tho Merlins and Nostradamuses trado witli vory profitable results. Tlio natural man falls a ready proy to anybody who will be at tlie pains to appeal to either his hopes or his fears. Baiting for boobies, oven in tlio nineteenth century, continues to bo a vory lucrative profession ; nor is it always tlio boobies only who aro caught in tiie trap. History teaches us that no amount of intelliganco will pro tect the dupe against the snares tiiat are laid for him by his own imagination. Wo are continually hearing of statesmen like Bismarck, who will not mako the thir teenth at a dinner tabic or begin anything on a Friday ; or men of letters lilcd tlie late Bulwer Lyttoii, who always refused to play whist as long as ono of the company remained ill tbo room who was thought to bring him bad luck. Sir Matthew Halo was " distin guished for truthfulness of disposition, " vigor of intellect and penetrating judg- " mont, " ono of his contemporaries who know him tells us ; yet in 1664 ho sentenced two unhappy women to be liangctl as witches in Suffolk, nnd took tlie opportu nity of declaring from tho loneli that tlio reality of witchcraft was unquestionable; " for first tlie Scriptures had approved so " much ; and secondly, tlio wisdom of all " nations had decreed laws against " Bueli persons, which is an argument of " their confidence of such a crime." Sir Thomas Browne, the accomplished author of ltcligio Medici, and an eminent physi cian, called as an expert to give evidence at the trial, swore that " ho was clearly of " opinion that the accused wore bewitched," and explained in detail liis views of tlio nature of tlio process. Thoso examples will show how men of voracity and sound judgment will share tlio error of tlio minds around them and of tlio times in which they live ; though of course tho fact docs not explain how tho error came .to prevail universally for so many centuries. Mr. Locky says tiiat "tlie reality of-tiio Witch " miracles was established by a critical " tribunal, which, however imperfect, was " at least tlie moBt searching then existing " in tbo world, by tho judicial decisions of " the law courts of every European " country, supported by the . unaiii- " moils voico of publio opinion, nml "corroborated by the investigation of " some of tlio ablest mon of tlie day." The spiritualist would probably claim that tlio same tiling may be said of the phenomena of spiritualism. They eater largely into tlio current bolief of educated socioty in ovory part of tlio world; nn<l mon of scionco, lawyers, divines, literary men and states men arc found in largo nmnbers among tlioir avowod boliovors. It may beobjeeted tlmt lliis is not necossarily an argument in their favor, sinco, as wo liavo scon, witchcraft bad its ndhoronts from among tlio snmo claBS, and wo know that a witch, such as Ilnlo and Browno vouched for, is as unreal a being as a gnomo or a fairy. Jfalo and Browne, however, wore not so qtialiliod to form a judgment on sncli mnttors as their successors nro to-day. Tlioy carried on their investigations in an ngc when supernaturalism held unques tioned sway over inon's minds, and when tho scientific spirib had only tlio mo3t imporfect instruments to work with. It wns a common thing to ascribe all phenomena to a preternatural canso which could not bo roadilyoxplainodor deciphered . by natural means, and diabolical powers were attributed to mon and women who in tho light of our bettor knowledge are known to bo tho victims of merely nervous disorders. To show how utterly incapable the contemporaries of Ilnle and Browno wore of coping with tho portents that wore occurring around thorn, wo may adduce tho familiar incident of n mysterious rain of blood that ensanguined every thing that it touched, ,and did not snare tho consocrated bread on tho niinr itself. The cry went up that it was tlio work of tlio Jows, of whom no fewer than thirty-oight wore burnt as sorcerers on account of it. In 1818 the snmo pheno menon recurred, and tho analytical cliomists of tlio day vory soon discovered that what bad boon mistaken for blood was caused by countless vibrios of a rod color so minuto that it took over sixty millions of thorn to covor a cubic ineli of space. If tlio Society of Psychical Research had to deal with ono of Ilale's witches to-day, it would bo by tlio light which an improved physiology and tiie/ almost new science of . psychology lins combined to throw upon tlio functions of tho human organism in diseaso and health ; and wo may ho perfectly satisflod that tho data which it would obtain would justify it in exclud ing tlio supernatural olemonb from its explanation altogether. Tlio supernatural of ono age is tho natural of another, and ono of tho tasks which wo undorstand tho Society in question to Rot itsolf is to sliow that tho dividing iino which separates tliom is not so clear and woll defined as we havo been in tlio habit of supposing. It is easy to say that ono group of facts is natural and tire other supernatural, hut tinman experience is enlarging ourncquaintanco witli botli groups every day, and tho result is that many of tho mysteries that once puzzled our grand parents havo, by the aid of tlio microscope ttlltl I/IIU Uhbii uuimu ill bllllu was mysterious about them. People who argue against the authenticity of ghosts on the ground that tlioy violate tho known laws of matter, reason oh tlio assumption that there arc no laws of matter which they do not know, or in other worus that there arc no more discoveries to ho made in the domain of tlio invisible. Jovoiis says "a phenomenon «' which refuses to ho oxplainod" by any " known law may indicate the oporation of " some entirely now series of natural " forces," and it follows therefore that the phenomenon may bo genuine in tho senso of being ohjoctivo, though wo do not know wiint the forces aro to which it owos its genesis. For that matter, wo do not know n great many things which wo accept, and which we should liusitntb to ascribe to a supernatural origin. Who ever saw an atom, for instanco ; or who can make visible the force by which a magnet draws a group of steel filings to itsolf ; yet systems of philosophy, botli practical and speculative, have been built up and sustained on tho hypothesis that tlioy both exist and play a vory conspicuous part in Cosmos. Nothing that goes on in tho parlor of tlio modium is more wonderful or unintelligible than anything that is occurring outside it. Tho medintn herself is a greater mystery than tlio spirit which she raises to gratify lier company, if sho wore only conscious of it ; for sho cannot tell why her heart heats or her brain throbs, or anything more about herself except that sho weighs so many stones, and is ablo to speak, think and move without being ahlo to discover the sources of tlio power that does it nil. Is the worm conscious of tlio changes that nro at work within hint which make for the butterfly ? Or is tin! tadpole conscious that ho will ono day develop into a frog? Tlio transformation indicates the presence of a forco that is none tho less real because it cannot bo detected by the lens of the scientist; ' and if this is admitted, how can » wo reasonably deny the feats of tho clairvoyant or the mind' reader, because they bespeak the operation of occult or supersensuous faculties that are apparently independent of tlio eyo, tlio oar, the touch, or any other organ ? Isaac Taylor romnrks that wo may ho sure that "a belief which seizes upon " and holds the conviction of so many, " and which is preserved by intelligent " persons for a length of time, lias soijio " foundation of truth," and if wo examine over so cursorily the history of the sciences we find that it confirms what lie says. In the much discredited pseud o-soionco of Alchemy, for instance, lurked tho gorm of tlio hciieficont chomistry which has dono so much for the happiness of mankind ; and is not modern astronomy indebted in I somo degree to astrology? Wo laugh at the story of Sir Kcnolin Dighy's sympa thetic powder, which cured diseases with out coming in contact with thorn ; hut what more or less does the liypnotisor and psychopathist do who suggests to his I patient that tho toothache has gone, or I diagnoses tlio diseaso that is racking what Mr. Poyser would call his " iunards," I by tho aid of the entranced " familiar " I at his elbow ? From these examples I we learn that scientific / truth lias tvivTugro otuiimw vtiwi u cum hlnation of unscientific error, and it is only after tho error liaB been eliminated by tho finger of successive generations that tho truth starts into light, I and receives tho unalloyed homage . that is due to it. We are not very sanguine that tlio members of I tlio now Psychical Society, who havo I undertaken to discover whether wo really I revisit tho glimpses of tlio moon after wo I havo shufilcd oil" this mortal coil, and I exchange greetings with pcoplo that wo I possibly wouldn't speak to in the flesh, will I discover vory much ; but there is some I satisfaction in knowing that at any rhto I tlioy will ho selected with an oye to I tlioir special qualifications for their ghostly I task, and that whatever their judgment I may he socioty must ho the gainer in tlio I long run. I Our experience of the forms and nature I of matter is so limited that it is no argu- I ment against the existence of a ghost to I say that it is not anion ablo to a physical I tost or any kind. Matter organises itsolf I to suit its environment, and it would only I, lie following this common law if the I soul- matter had its shape and . quali- I ties forced upon it evolutionary by I tlie properties of the frlctionless fluid I which should be -its -habitat, suppoaing-it has ah independent existence at all. Dr. Carpenter, who scoffs at spiritualism and all its pretensions, nevertheless admits that bodies may net upon each other at a dis tance without any visiblo.inedium. " Some " of his own experience," ho says, " lias " led him to suspect that a power' of '' instinctively perusing what is passing in " the mind of another may, like cortsin " forms of senso and perception, ho extraor dinarily oxal ted by entire concentration " of tho attention." In other words, lie ac- copth the mind-reader as a genuine product of modern psychological experiment ; and ins cxnmplo onglit to docido the mental slate which tlio truo scientist should present to ovory mystery that cannot ho ox plainod yet cannot fairly bo disallowod. Sir William Hamilton doos the same good turn to the clairvoyant : — " However aston- " isiiing it is, it is now proved beyond all " rational doubt that in certain abnormal " states of tho nervous system perception " is possible through othertliantliuordinnry " channels of tho senses ; " and if anything else is wanting to cncourago tlio Socioty and assure them of a tolerant and oven respect ful treatment, tlioy might find it in tlio following dictum of Archbishop Whatoloy : — "I liavo always hold that two and two " make fonr, yet if a .person of known " respectability camo to mo and said lie " had discovered tiiat tlioy really do make " five, I should cortainly listen to ail his [?] 