Was it a Ghost they Saw ? Mkb. H. fl. Jennings lives at No. 211 Main Streot, Btiogep r and Miss Minnie Parrot board" wi h i.„». The house is an old one but in guud urder. Oue niuht early in De\x=req-\ • comber (1891) the two womeii lockcl all the doors and went to thothoure, - leaving not a soul io the bouse. They left the gas burning, however, in the front purluur. About half-past eleven they returned, aad entered the houso luughing and talking.. But aa they went Into the parlour the mrrry humour di d out of them in n second. Bight in the middle o£ the room stood a man of .gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mabk, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholos in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, okl-fashioued pistol. The women fled acrcaraiug from the room, and when Mr. JenLiogB came in live miuutes later he found no oue in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely loekefl. What waa it the women aaw ? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I bad slept badly for several succesdve nights. On tho fourth of these about two o'clock 1 was sud* denly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of: my mother just as she looked five years l.ofore, ns she was leaving home to go (n a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, i,.I was foolish enough to. toll it,; and tho local old women gossips said it was a summons and T would never get wel1. Yet 1 did, and am in perfect health "now. 1. believe that; visiou came of my weakneives, for I've never s on it since, and it's more thau .threeryeirs ago now." 1 Mf.'. . •-.-.No doubt it wa9 the nerves.; Why, there's uo end to the |ricks<the nerves.will play oil on'you .-when yoursystem is out of condition. In.: March, ^ 1890, jit' ,was that ; Mrs. Jane Foster, of D^rrdcott Roadj Pokesdown; Hants, wrote ,u8:oa followa,;-T-V/ was so dreadfully | ncrfcmsl: could not bear anyone in the room t with me, yet;! did1 not. wish them far away in ease l should call out for help. This was ! in June,;1889.> ; I Blept; very badly,:and in the morniug felt little the better for having gone tobed.. There was often a severe pain in. my head and Over my eves and 1 was sick most of . the time.. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, • By-aod-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but' liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I-was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely, failed. , My head achtd so . dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would ncver get better. "Iliad given • up all hope, when one day; Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told , me aheiwas herself once just as badly .oiE, and was cured by Mother Sergei's Curative Syrup, ^a.ahe seemed to have such' faith in. this.medicine,"1, I tried it, an l in , threes days !l was ableito walk across tho room, and by the end of the week I,.went down stairs- Now l am as well as ever. I caneafcand digest, my food, and' all my nervousness has left mo," ; I The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Tho original cause was grief and Rhock at the violent deathrof her husband, by accident,, and the system rallied only when, the Syrup had given new vigor to tho digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost,, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less-than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work, the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 