The Siin of the Coin. -4----- A lRomnnce of the Far West asul of the Ritling Ring. BY A NEW VWRITER. OHAPTER I. A?N OLD PAL. Low on the western horizon hung a coppery haze, sure presage of the heat, which, in a few hours, would send the thermometer up to something like ninety degrees in the shade. The east was all aglow with gorge ous colour, fiery crimson and deep Stoned orange, melting into softer gradations of amber and gold as the long rays shot obliquely across the undulating sea of grass, sweep ing away the faint shadows of the dawn, and throwing into strong relief the dark outline of horse and rider ascending the rising ground that verged on the wide stretch of prairie. The traveller pulled up on gaining the top of the ridge, and took a deliberate survey of the surrounding country. 'I reckon I shouldn't be far off thile track,' he remarked aloud, as he knocked out his pipe on the saddle and proceeded to refill it from an indiffer ently-supplied tobacco pouch, 'not if that half- breed devil gave me the right bea;ings. What was it he said, due west across the prairie, and keep to the left along the ridge till you pass two clumps of cuca bushes-there they are. Another hour will bring me to the rance, and a good job too. The whisky's done, the 'baccy's running out, and I'm abdut sick of lying around and knowing no more than a coyote where my next day's rations are to come from. If Harding has "struck ile," as they seemed to think down Kansas way, I'll be in clover by this time to-morrow, or my name isn't Gordon Loree. There's a longish score to settle between Harding and me, and he's bound to make an old pal welcome, anyway.' He repeated the last words once or twice, laughing softly to himself, as he lighted his pipe and urged his tired horse forward. Another hour's riding brought him toea rough.track. The ground on the right fell away suddenly, forming a little valley, sheltered on two sides by the natural walls of the ravine. The hollow was dotted over with buildings and plots of ground enclosed by strong fencing. 'Gooa position,' commented Mr. Loree, as he leisurely doscended the slope; 'nice stock place, and plenty of well-fenced feed lots. Harding's in luck. There's money in this ranche, and I mean to have my pickings.' Once on level ground the track widened into a regular road, ap parently dividing stables and feed lots from tihe home place. 'Loree walked his horse slowly along, mentally noting and appraising the value of the property. 'It hasn't cost a little to finish up this fencing,' he thought, with a keen glance at the tight plank enclosure on his left. 'There's been a lot of money put into the place. It won't be long, I guess, before some comes out again. I've been living short for the last six months, and low water don't suit my constitution. I shan't be sorry to have the fingering of Harding's dol lars.' His reflections were broken by" the sound of voices and the soft thud of hoofs over turf. 'Put up the bar, Jack,' cried some one at no great distance, ' and I'll bring him round again.' Twenty yards ahead was a slight rise in the ground, Loree pushed for ward and standing up in his stirrups, , looked over into the paddock. Across a leaping bar a girl was schooling a young horse, handling the hot- blooded chestnut with a skill and judgment that evoked silent common dations from t:he spectator on the other side of the fence. Gordon Loree waos no mean judge of either a horse or a woman, and he watched with lively interest the struggle going forward between the 'mustang' and its rider. Seven times the horse refused. Eight times the girl brought him back to the obstacle with a steady command of seat and temper which was proof against the animal's des perate efforts to rid himself of the incubus on his back. At last moral force prevailed over brute obstinacy. The mustang surrendered at discre tion and flew the bar, jumping like a . cat, with two good feet to spare. Loree drew a quick breath of satis faction. ' Gad!' he ejaculated approvingly. 'She can ride, that young woman. What hands she's got, and what a seat. There ain't many petticoats, even in the States, that could sit a buck jumper like that. She must have been bred in the saddle, and as good looking as they make 'em too.' SHe paused, critically surveving the girl's supple, well-developed figure, as she leaned forward to speak to the lad who was adjusting the bar. She was not more than twenty yards away, and Loree could see thalnt she was quite young, about seventeen or eighteen, he judged, and above the average height. She was a strikinglyhandsome brunette, witv clear, warm colouring and really magnificent brown eyes. Her shapely head was well poised on a firm white neck. The thick, curly hair, twisted into a great knot, and pinned.securely under a wide-brimmed felt hat. SShe wore a short, serviceable ridilg skirt, much the worse for wear, and the remainder of her costume in no way differed from that of. the boy at her side. It consisted of a blue shirt, with a turn-down collar, secured at the waist by a strong leather bolt. / 'As good looking as they make 'em,' repeated Loree, admiringly. ' Clean built, sound as a bell, and fit as a fiddle. Belongs to the place, evidently. The question is, who is she ? A second wife, or- ? No, too young and too well-bred. There's a likeness to someone-I've soon that face before, if I could only put a nanme to it, Why-'. a light seemed to break in upon him, and herbrought his hand down smartly ulgn his thigh. 'I have it. Lord! d for gotten how the years slip by. It's little Lorrie. Little Lorrie grown into as daisy a girl as you'd find between here and 'Frisco. That's the Vallance mouth and chin to a line. If she ivas the old chap's own daughter she couldn't be more like him. It's astonishing how the blood comes out. Education be blowed! It's breeding that tolls. You'd swear anywhere that girl came of good stock, yet her mother was a ballet dancer, and I'1 lay my bottom dollar she hasn't had schooling enough to pass the sixth standard. Fancy little Lorrie grown into a woman. How she used to hate me. Little Lorrie !' The name evoked a vision of a shabby, ill-kept room, misty with the fumes of tobacco and whisky, and of a tiny, dark-eyed child, hardly more than a baby, who had struggled fiercely to escape from his strong grasp, striking at him with impotent little fists; and crying that he was an ugly man, who made Daddy cross, and she wouldn't kiss him, no, not if he killed her for it. 'I'd clean forgotten the child,' he mused, as he turned into the road again. 'This will complicate matters. Harding was fond of her as a kid; he'll be proud of her now, and unless he's strdngely altered in fourteen years, he'll resent the screw. I expected him to stand up a bit for himself, but I reckon he'll fight for the girl.' The owner of Fairwater ranche was standing at the door when his uninvited guest dismounted, a tall, well-built man, with a certain undefinable something about him-tlhat stamp and hall mark of the English public school which no inequalities of fortune can wholly obliterate from him on whom it has been set. Years of hard living, and too liberal- indulgence in stimulants, had left their traces on a face that had once been singularly hands-ome; but despite the deteriora tion of the classes and the levelling tendencies of compulsory education, the lines of demarcation are still strongly defined, and even in his rough and ready dress, innocent of the civilising influences of a linen collar and the use of 'Day and Mar tin,' Dace Harding carried the cachet of that much-misused term-the gen tleman. 'He hasn't altered much. I'd have known him anywhere,' was Loree's comment, as he swung himself out of the saddle. His own individuality was less certain since Harding had palpably failed to recognise him at the first glance. 'Your memory is shorter than mine, Dace,' he said, with a laugh, 'or else time has used me worse than I fancied. I hardly thought you'd want an introduction. No need to ask how you've been getting on these fourteen years. ,Your luck's turned at last. I heard down Kansas way that you'd made your pile and gone in for ranching, and I said to myself, 'Harding" isn't the chap to turn his back. on an old pal, leastways, not such a pal as me; I'll look him up." So here I am. You know me now, don't you ?' At the sound of the well-remem bered voice, Harding's expression had changed from mere curiosity to one of blank dismay, giving place by quick tmransitiols to anger, disgust, and something very like fear. He opened his lips to speak, hesitated, and passed his hand across his mouth with the nervous action of a man suddenly confronted by an unforeseen and un suspected danger. Loree watched him with silent amusement. He possessed a strong sense of humour. 'You're a bad actor, Dace,' he remarked, pleasantly. ' You'd have been no good for " The Diplomatic" if you'd stayed at home like a good boy and made use of His Grace, old Bottleneck's, influence. You might as well relieve your feelings, and say you wish me at blazes. I don't bear malice. I'm a man of the world, and know when we come to the surface we don't care about meeting the pals'we made when we "went under." But you're a man of the woild, too, and you know, or ought to, that it's "needs must when the devil drives." His Satanic Majesty has driven me pretty hard the last few months, and I've got to live somehow. When I heard that you'd "touched colour," I saw my way to making a bit, either in the shape of a-little timely assist ance from an old chum who's had a run of luck and can afford to be generous, or," he paused, studying Harding's countenance attentively be fore he added, '" or as the price of a secret which is made worth my while to keep." A hot flush rose to the younger man's bronzed face, and the fingers df his left hand clenched involun tarily. 'It's a bit too late in the day for that game, Loree. I haven't gone about these fourteen years without learning a thing or two, and I know bettdr than to. let myself be gagged by a blackmailer. You'd had enough out of me in all conscience before we dissolved partnership. It was your own proposition. You wouldn't have left me until you knew I was cleaned out. We agreed to go our own ways, and you have no more claim on me than I have on you. I tell you frankly thatI have broken withthe old life, and I don't care to revive associ ations with the past. If you are hard up, I'm willing to help you with a trifle, as I'd help any fellow who was down on his luck; but I'll.be hanged if I stir a finger for you or any other man who tries to intimidatoe me. My position is not what it was fourteen years ago, my friend.' 'That's so, assented Loree; 'you'd precious little character to lose in those days, and no coin worth men tioning. But you have property now, and sort of position, and-a daughter, to consider. You aren't as sharp as you think yourself, Dace, or you'd have known better than to in vest your money within reach of the extradition treaty. I've seen little Lorrie. She's a handsome girl. She'd run a poor chance, left to take care of herself, while her father was in qu There was no mistaking the fear in Harding's eyes now, and thehand he laid on Loree's arm was shaking sensibly. 'Come inside,' he said abruptly; 'we can't talk here.' 'True for you,' was the laconic reply. ' There's no knowing who might overhear. Let's have the matter out quietly. I'm willing enough to keep things pleasant, but business is business you know. What shall I do with the mare ?' Silently Harding led the way to the stables. He was striving to fight down the dread at his heart, the cold sense of coming evil which made him feel physically and actually sick; striving to assure himself that he had really nothing to fear, that the ghost of a long past crime had not risen after all these years to haunt him -with the ever-present terror of exposure. He was conscious - horribly conscious - that Loree's eyes were fixed on his face; that this man, who had once been his confidant and companion, was reading him like an open book, well knowing that his victim was helpless, and must in the end surrender -to any terms he chose to dictate. If ever a man committed a murder in his heart, compassing in will and desire another's death, that man was Dace Harding. Twice his fin gers stole involuntarily towards his belt, and Loree's keen black eyes followed the movement. He smiled each time the hand was withdrawn again-empty, but he was careful not to precede his host as the two men went back to the house and turned into the pleasant, shady living, room that opened on one side of the wide verandah. The room, which was plainly but comfortably furnished, was not wanting in certain indications of taste. The half-dozen pictures on the walls were etchings framed in plain mould ings.. Handsome skins had been flung over a couple of low basket chairs. The square, roomy sofa was covered by a deep-toned Indian blanket, and there was a piano. A little table in the ,window was piled with books and the paraphernalia of feminine work, and last, and most significant hint of a woman's presence, there were several vases of flowers. ('To be conotinuud. . 