Ladies Losing Watches. Going into some of the large stores itt town one may notice that many of the young women bchiud the counters who are *o fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through holes in their jarscys and fastened down securely by a button, so that a watch could not be removed without quite an effort, ana certainly not wituout us wearer Know ing about it. This ia a scheme of wearing a : watch that has gone into fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis, llcccntly a great many watohes have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found . o columns . a larger number thau usual have been reported. From the small number re- ? ' ported as found compared with the largo number reported as lost, it is apparent .that either the honesty of the people who have w been finding watches on the curb9toneB ? ' h lately is at a very low staudivrd, or else the :? r ' watchcs were really not lost in the sense in tended by tbe advertisers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable for ladieB, especially for thoBe engaged in the atones, to wear their watches in their bosoms,' with,', fob chains : ? hanging out of the button-holes of their jerseys. ' In moBt of the cases where watcheB have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and have the time- pieces ' . ; as available as men have theirs, they had ju6t tucked them in between their coiBet covers and toe corsets, instead of inside the corsets as most ludies, it is belieyed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a ^ pickpocket, and in the crowds on the trams and ferries,, just atter the closing ? hours of the stores, it was an easy matter - for an expert thief to make a ' haul.' 'A v-v'W. lady bad the misfortune to find * watch on one of the streets in Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the Iletald. The applicants who called right away after the appearanco of the advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many people could have lost watcheB. The police will say that there are no thieves \n the city— they alwayB do— but the yovsg lidiea uu town know bettor. — A certain act of patronago was con« ferrod by a poet, whose namo began with a T, on Alexander Smith, which tho young man vory naturally resented. When T-— — observed : 'Nevor mind what the critics say, I liko your poems/' Smith is said to l avo replied, 'Oh, sir, do not discourage me.' — Jlr^onauf. Criticism as is Criticism.— Ool.' Pat' , Donan doesn't like the play of ' Hamlet. Hear the eloquent adjectivoslinger: ' I havt: no paticnce, much less sympathy, with wretched weakling who goes around Jubber« ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmetc and green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight j everlastingly threateningtodosomcthing, ana never doing it ; driving his sweetheart to lu* nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum ? freaks ; making stump speeches toskulls and grave-diggersj going into all sorts of he-hyt* ' , terics ; aud at last, running a section of bar- * bed wiro fence, in the most approved Ohica- ' go pig-sticking style, through his dead girl's . ? brother, 'and dying himself, to_ slow fiddle- . ? ^ 