AN INSCRUTABLE MYSTERY. Br ESME STUART. Author of" JI His Grasp," " Joan Vellacott," •' Kestel of Greystone," <tec., &c.; CHAPTER XX. l'anting—struggling—at laht I reached the bouee. No one was visible through the windows, and evidently no one was occupying these rooms. I fancied now that possibly all my labour was in vain, that perhaps some one had found ont that toe house was not empty, and that a boat from the opposite bank had bun sent off to the rescue. My duty was plain, however, Hilda had sent for me—1 must go. The ram was still coming down, bat now with a quiet persistency that was less alarming than the storm. The light was increasing, &>:d objects were coming out in more natural shapes irom the gloom, aa I half ewam, half waded, thionfth the rising waters. The noise of the rushing and roaring under the archway drowsed every other sound. My entrance wriuld not be heard above. The house was visibly shaking, and had it not been somewhat solidly built it would long ago have given way. Once I fell and fancied I should not be able to regain my footing: my clothes were soaked, and bong like weights upon me; but I heeded nothing, as I pressed on towards the staircase Here 1 found a barrioade formed by the furniture which, like loose pebbles on the shore, had been washed together towards this spot, and as I scrambled over the heap, knocking and braising myself unmercifully, I beard beneath me the roar of the waters under the arch. Here its depth must be at least seven feet. How long could such a poor obstruction as the Ferry House xeeist this powerful element? Was I the only being there! After violent exertion 1 found myself at the top of the email stairs and well above the water. There I paused a moment to regain breath and to think. On the landing just above me was another pile of furniture. This had beep hastily collected by the Jacobs, perhaps hoping to 'save it, but it made a barrioade in front ol one of the doors. Opposite to this was another door half open. I listened, bub could hear nothing except the roar of waters; even my stumbles up the stain must have been unheard by those withm, even supposing that any one was there. Steadying myself against the wall I walked cautiously forward and pushed open the door wtiich was ajar. The room was empty, but its window looked out upon the Close, and one glance outside showed me that the spot was deserted. People, believing the Ferry House - to be forsaken, had hurried oS to places where more active help was needed. Kven old Jacob and his wife were invisible, being no longer spectators from afar. Hurrying back I began to pull down the barricade of furniture, and having' cleared a passage for myself I experienced an instant of extreme and uite ^inexplicable fear which had nothing to S 0 with the perilous ^mtuaiion [ was now in. One!moment's pause, and then I turned the handle and entered the room. The first thing I saw was the opposite window, from which a waste of seething water was alone visible. On the left hand a screen had been plaoed, which hid «J1 beyond it from me, but the draught caused by the open door caused a lamp behind it to flicker, and sent strange lights dancing on the ceiling. The door I held was blown to, and I advanced into the 100m to find myself in the piesence of two persons ! • I was strode dumb with surprise and horror, f<r in front of me, and standing straight against the wall, in the farthest corner of the old-fashioned room, was Hilda—Hilda, whom I supposed to be so far away—Hilda, whom but so lately I 'had thonght lost to me for ever, and out of reach. She—surely I was not sning mad, add this was sot her ghost !— stood there in this scene of desolation and deaAh, in danger of being swept aaraybythc raging-waten. She was wrapped in her long fur cloak, but she wore nothing on her head. Her beautiful hair was disarranged, and blown about .by the violent draught. Her face, . deadly vale, wore a look of frightened agony auch as I have seldom seen on human features, and as she gazed at me she hardly seemed for the .-first instant to recognise me. Near to her was—how can I explain my utter amazement, when the figure sitting with his back to the door, started up at my tntianoe, and facing me, uttered an exolama- ' tion of surprise. 1 had expected if any one was there, to see Garrick Bloodworth, but not our friend Mr. Looke! "How did you reach this line?" he said with some hesitation. " Excuse me, bat—I advise you to return by the way you came." I could not at first collect my thoughts. " Do yon know the danger you are in, Mr. Locke, and the danger there is for Hilda ? I must vaveher, at once; we have not a moment to loee." "I have come to save her." " Lanoe!" she called out; that is, her lips moved, and I fancied she called my name, but die mad roar made hearing really impossible, unless one .was-as close to the speaker as I was to Mr. Locke. I made a step towards her, bat Mr. Locke put himself quickly in front of me. "Ijanoe l>>ghton! you are not wanted here. Hilda has ohosen her own fate. I can save her—when the time comes. In the meantime leave us alone." " I dou't understand you. Are you mad ? Oarrick Bloodworth may oome at any moment; fan may got her onoe more into his po irer, when yt-.u and 1 may have no chanoe of saving her, of freeing her from that miserable life which she has lived already too long." s It couuds impossible, but it is true, that that mansiniied as he said—" I shall tabo care that Garrick Bloodworth doe»not get her into his power Again, but at this moment you are in the. way of my plane for Hildefo aafety;" and lie pointed to the door. .1 ta«t Hilda give DM despairing glanoe. . "What does all this mean? What foolery are you making op? Don't you know that Bloodworth has outwitted us all, that he has been hiding her for the last month, that he brieves her mind is affected, that I have broken with him for ever and oast his benefits bade to him with scorn? Don't yon remember that you promised to help me to tave her? How she got here and bow you cot here I dop't know, but we had better get out of this place before we do anything else." "That is my affair, bat aa I owe you some thanks, Dighton, far yom help, BO freely given, 1 once more advise you—as a friend—to get flut of this unpleasant situation." "Without seeing her in safety? Thank you, sou'have been very kind with advice and help, but this foolhardmess is wicked. This house will not stand much longer. I shall at once signal for a boat. Somebody must see us." I made a step towards the window, but, to njy utter astonishment, Mr. Locke placed himself ih my way, and coolly took a revolver out of his pocket. "Excuse me, you will do nothing of the kind." I felt my brain reeling, I could mak a nothing of ihe situation. If this man had been Uamck Bloodworth I think I should have made a rash at him and disarmed him, but Mr. I<ocke was our friend, Hilda's protector, and, besides, one had not to look twioe at him to be sure that he had a practised hand with the revolver. "What do you mean?" I said, pausing. " Why should not Hilda be saved, whatever happens to us? " "Because Garrick Bloodworth would get her once more into his power." " Lance! said Hilda again more faintly, and I noticed a new expression on her face. I knew, as well as if she had told me, that Hilda bad suffered as other human beings suffer, and that with suffering had come knowledge. "Come Hilda," I said, raising my voice; '' oome! if we stay here it must be certain Heath- I will try and return the way I came. We can but try." "Hilda will stay where she is," aiid Mr. LockOquietly. "She came to this place of her own accord, and she will stay here because I with her to do so. I can save her. This flood is nothing compared to dangers I have passed through; ana now, Lan:e Dighton— go! I hive waited years for this opportunity; and 1 have been foiled again and again; but I knew the day would come when I Bhould have my way. Go!" "Hie man has gone mad," I thought. . ''This sudden catastrophe, this strange situation, has turned his brain. What terrible fate has taken Hilda out of the graBp of a designing villain to place her and myself in the power of a madman." I was without firearm*, the was a defenceless girl, and the man shut up with us had a weapon which must bring certain death to us if turned against us. I had always heard that madmen ehou'd be humoured, so I changed my attitude. " You tell me to go '. Eut look for yourself; it is too late, the water has risen since I entered this room. We none of ns can escape drowning . unless we are helped from the outside. D you hear how the river is sweeping below th - archway ?" Mr. Locke certainly possessed a courag which I have never seen equalled. He wen; forward himself, quickly glanced out of a ismall window, then returned to his position All this he did BO swiftly that I bad not the ohanoeof moving. "You are right! I am sorry for you Dighton; but I gave you a chance of escape Kow, it is too late, and tbe consequence mus be on your own head. Tell me—a mere matter of ourioasi'y—how did yi u Imow v.-c were here? Pid tbe old rascal Jaccb reveal it':" "'Then he knows?" " You will not tell. I seo—Good !" (To Of continued.) 