NOVEL The Golden Fleece. ? BY J- HAWTHORNE CHAP rjSR VI. — (Ooktikued.) ' I don't ask to know your secret : I thick yoa bhd better say no more/ Freeman shook his head. * I most speak, 1 said he. ' I don't care what becomes of me, so Long as I stand right in your opinion,— your father's and yonrs. 1 am here to find out whether this desert oan be flooded,— irrigated, —whether it's possible, by any means, tn hrinv wAinp nnnn il; Tl *n« &b; favorable, the company will purchase hundrede, or thousands, of tqoare miles, and, incidentally, my own fortune will be made.' 'Why, that's the very thing—' She stopped. ' The very thing your father had thought of / Yes, so I imagined, though he has not told me so in so many words. So I'm in tbe position of surreptitiously taking away the prospeotive fortune of a man whom I respect and honor, and who treats me as a friend.' Miriam walked on some steps in silenoe. 4 It is no fault of yours/ she said at last. ' You owe us nothing. You must oarry out your orders.' 'Yes ; but what is to prevent your father from thinking that I stole his id ea and then 'w' »b«uoi» uuu * ' You oan tell him the truth : he oonld not complain ; aud why should you oare if he did f I know that men separate business from— from other things.' They had now oome to the little endoBed rpaoe where the fountain basin was ; by tacit oonsent they seated themselves upon it. Miriam gave an exolemation of surprise. 'The water is gone J1 she said. 'Mow strange I' ' Perhaps it has gone to meet us at our rendezvous in the desert:— No : if I t^ij your father, I should be unfaithful to my employers. Bat there's another alternative : I oan resign my appointment, and let my place be taken by another.' ' And give up your ohanoe of a fortune f You mustn't do that.' 4 What is it to you what beoomes of me V ' ' I wish nothing but good to come to you,' { eaid she, In a low voioe. ' I have never wanted to have a fortune until now. And I must tell you the reason of that, too. A man without a fortune does very well by himself. He can knoofc about, and live from hand to mouth. But when he wants to live for somebody eke,— even if he has only a very faint hope of getting the opportunity of doing it,— then he muat have some settled means of livelihood to justify him. 8o I say Iaminadiffioultposltion. For if I give this up, I must go away ; and if I go away, I must give up even the little hope I have.' 'Don't go away,' said Miriam, after a pause. ' Do you know what you are saying P' He hesitated a moment, looking at her as she looked down at the empty basin. ' My hope was that you might love me ; for I love you, to be my wife.' The eolor slowly rose in Miriam's faoe: at length she hid it in her hands. 4 Oh, what is - it r she said, almost In a whisper. 1 1 have known you only three days. Bnt it seems as if I mnst have known you before. There is something in me that is not like ?syeelf . But it is the deepest thing fin me ; And it loves yon : yes, I love yon 1' Her hands left her faoe, and there was a ' light in her eyes whioh made Freeman, in . . thn midst at. hie rejoicing, feel humble and unworthy. HefdtJbimseUinoontaot with something pure acid sacred. Atthe same moment, the reoolleotion recurred to him . of the figure he had setnthe night before, with the features of Miriam; Was it she indeed ? Was this ehe f To doubt the identity of the individual is to lose one's footing on the solid earth. For the first time it ooourred to him that this doubt might afleot Miriam herself. Was she obscurely oonsoious of two states of being in herself, and did ehe therefore fear to trust her own impulses f But, again, love is the master-passion : its fire fuses all things, and gives them unity. Would not this love that they eonfessed for «aoh other burn away all that was abnormal and enigmatic, and leave only the unerring human heart, that knows its own and takeB it 9 Tkese reflections passed through Free man's mind in an instant of time. But he -was no metaphysician, and he obeyed the cane and wholesome Instinct whioh has ever been man's surest and fastest guide through themysteries and bewilderment* of existenoe. He took the beautiful woman in his arms And kissed her. 'This is real and right, if any thing is,' eaid hta. 4 If there are ghosts about, you and I, at any rate, axe flesh and blood, and where we belong. As to the ferigation eorape, there must be some way out of It : if not, no matter! You and JL love eaoh other, and the world begins from this moment !' 1 My father must know to-morrow,' said liana. No doubt we shall all know more to* morrow than we do to-day,' returned her « lover, not knowing how abundantly his pro phecy would be iulfiti&fc;'to was overflow- ' ing with the fearless snd enormous joy of a young tnn-r- who has attained at one bound the summit of his desire. 4 There,! they are calling tor me. Good- by, my darling. Be yourself, and think of nothing but me.1 A short ride brought' the little cavalcade i to the borders of the desert. Here, by common oonsent, a halt was made to waw ' hreath, as It wen, before taking the final plunge into the fiery furnace. ' Before we go further,' said General Trednoke, approaohing Freeman, as he was tightening his girth, *1 must tell you what is the object of this expedition/ ' It is nofc necessary, general,' replied the Eig man, straightening himself and look the other in the faoe ; 'for from this t our paths lie apart.' ' Why eo f demanded the general, Insux pdse 'What's that ?' exclaimed Mesehines, coming up, and adjusting his spectacles. ' I'm not at liberty, at present, to explain,' Freeman answered. ' Ail I oan say is that I don't feel justified in assisting you in your affair, and I am not able to oonflde my own to you. I wish you to put the least un charitable oonstruotion yon can on my oon duot. To-morrow, if we all live, I may say more ; now, the most I oan tell yon is that I am not entirely a free agent. Meantime — Sasia Uugo ' Against this unexpected resolve the general oordially protested and the professor eooffed and contended ; but Freeman stayed firm. He had with him provisions enough to last him three days, and a supply of water ; and in a small oase carried a oom paot assortment of Instruments for observation. ' Take your departure in what ever direction you like/ Bald he, 4 and I Will take mine at an angle of not less than fifteen degrees from it. If I am not baok in three days, you may oonolude]'eomethlng has happened.' It was oertalnly very hot. Freeman been aooustomed to torrid suns In the Isthmus ; but this was a sun indefinitely multiplied by reflections from the dusty sur face underfoot. Nor was it the fine, ethereal fire of the Sahara : the atmosphere was dead and heavy ; for the rider was already far below the level of the Paoifio, whose oool blue waves rolled aud rippled many leagues to the westward, as, seons ago, they had rolled and rippled here. There was not a breath of air. Freeman oonld hear his heart beat, and the veins in his temples and wrists throbbed. The sweat rose on the surfaoe of his body, but without ooollng it. The pony whioh he bestrode, a bony and sinewy beast of the toughest description, trod onwards doggedly, but with little animation. Free man had no desire to push him. Were the little animal to overdo itBelf, nothing in the future could be more oertain that his master would never see the Trednoke ranch again. It seemed unusually hot, even for that region. There was little is the way of outward incident to relieve the monotony of the journey. Now and then a short, thiok rattlesnake, with horns on its ugly head, wriggled out of his path. Now and then his horse's hoof almost trod upon a hideous, flat lisard, also horned. Here and there the uncouth projections of a cactus pushed up wards out Of the dust : some of thus* t.h« mustang nibbled at, for the sake of their juioe. Freeman wondered where the juice oame from. The floor of the desert seemed for the most part level, though there waB a gradual aip towards the east and northeast, aud occasionally mounds and ridges of wind swept dust, sometimes upwards of fifty feet in height, broke up uniformity. The soil was largely composed of powdered feldspar : but there were also tracts of gravel shingle, of yellow loam, and of alkaline dust. In some plaoes there appeared a salt efflore scence, sprouting up in a tort of ghastly vegetation, as if death itself had aoqulred a sinister life. Elsewhere, the ground quaked and yielded underfoot, and it became neces sary to make detours to avoid these arid bogs. Once or twioe, too, Freeman turned aside lest he should trample upon some dry bones that protruded in his path,— bones that were their own monument, and told their own story of struggle, agony, ex haustion, and despair. None of these things had any depressing effect on Freeman's spirit. His heart was singing with joy. To a mind logically dis posed, there was nothing- but trouble in eight, whether he succeeded or failed in his present mission. In the former oase, he would find himself in a hostile position as regarded the man he moBt desired to con ciliate ; in the latter, he would remain the mere rolling stone that he was before, and love itself would forbid him to ask the woman he loved to share his uncertain existenoe. But Freeman was not logical : he was happy, and he could not help it. He had kissed Miriam, and she loved him. His oouree lay a few degrees north of east. Far across the plain, dancing and turning somersaults in the fantastio atmos phere, were the summits of a range of abrupt mils, cne ooraers or a valley or ravine whioh he wished to explore. Gradually, as he rode, his shadow lengthened before him. It was his only companion ; aud yet he felt no sense of loneliness. Miriam was in his heart, and kept it fresh and bold. Even hunger and thirst he scaroely felt. Who oan esti mate the therapeutic and hygienlo efleots of lovef The mustang oould not share his rider's souroe of content, but he may have been con scious, through animal instinots whereof we kno v nothing, of an uplifting and encourag ing spirit. At all events, ne kept up his steady iope without faltering or apparent effort, and seemed to require nothing more than the occasional wetting whioh Freeman administered to his nose. There would pro bably be some vegetation, and perhaps water, en the hills ; and that prospect may likewise have helped him along. Nevertheless, man and beast may well have weloomed the hour when the craggy acclivities of that lonely range beoame so near that they seemed to loom above their heads. Freeman directed his steps towards the southern extremity, where a huge, mass, of almost regular pyramidal form, reared itself aloft like a monument. He skirted the base of the pyramid, au4 there opened on his view a narrow, winding valley, soarcdy half a utile in apparent breadth, and of a very wild and savage aspeot. Its general direction was neany ninth and south, end it declined downwards, as if Beeking the ihterior df the e^rth. ^n fact, it looked not unlike those imaginative pictures of th*«ad to the infernal regions described ' by the ancient poets. One oould picture Pluto in his chariot, with Proserpine beside him, thundering downwards behind his blaok horses, on the way to those sombre and magnificent regions which are hollowed out beneath the surfaoe of the planet. Freeman, however, presently saw a sight' whioh, if less specularly impressive, was far more agreeable to his eyes. On a shelf or cup of the declivity was a little dump of vegetation, and in the midst of it- welled up a thin stream of water. The . mustang scrambled eagerly towards It, and. before Freeman had time to throw out of the saddle, he had plunged his nude into the rivulet. He suoked it down with suoh satisfaction that it was evident the water was not salt. FreemaUjlald himself prone upon the brink, and followed his steed's example. Tne draught was oool and pure. 1 1 didn't know how much I wanted it 1' ?aid be to himself. ' It must oome from a good way down. If I oould only bring the patent stream to the sarfaoe, my mission would be on a fair road to success/ An examination of the spring revealed the faot that it oould not have been long in existenoe* Indeed, there were no traces whatever of long eontinuanoe. The aperture in the rook through whioh it trioUed bore the appearanoe of having been recently opened ; fragments were lying near it, that seemed to have been just broken off . TC e bed of the little stream was entirely free from moss or weeds ; and after proceeding a short distance ft dwindled and disappeared, either sucked up In vapor by the torrid air, or absorbed into the dostysoll. . Manifestly, it was a recent creation. 4 And, to be sure, why nob f ejaoulated Freeman. . ' There was an earthquake last night, whioh swallowed up the spring in the Trednokes* garden : . probably that same earthquake brought this stream to light. : - (TO SB owTiauab.) 