THE CHURCHES. WECLEYAN Hosts MIsseoNs.-The' ser vices in conanetion with the Wesleyan { Home Missions, which were commenced on Sunday last, were resumed yesterday. At the Patterson-street church the Rev. W. Shaw conducted the morning service, and for his discourse chose the following text :-Matthew ix., 35-" And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching t the gospel, and healing every sick- i ness and every disease among the people." The preacher said. he waated to speak par ticularly about the compassion and mercy of the Lord Jesus Christ. His whole life was devoted to ministering to the multi tude, he lived with them, and so mixed himself up with their daily lives that he evidenced a tenderness and compassion that was so characteristic of our Saviour. Those who had read the New Testament carefully t had found that all through Jesus's life more compassion, tender-heartedness, and a mercy was shown by Him than was shown a by any other teacher tee world had ever s known. During His life he had t worked many miracles-it was not surpris. I ing tht. the Son of God should have c power to ..reate miracles, but the surprise C was that LlN who had been so imbued by 1 Divine power should not have done more in the way of miracles than had been recorded in the New Testament. He had raised I Jairus's daughter from the dead, he gave c sight to the blind, healed the dumb man possessed of devils, and the young man who a was the only support of his widowed F mother, who mourned at his lonely bier, he brought back to life. There was a wide a distinction between the pity and sympathy t of the world and the compassionate feeling e of Jesus. A little help was worth a lot of f pity, and that was what made our Saviour s such a distinctive mark during His life,for it was one full of good deeds. The life of c Christ was fitting to couple with the home t missions of their church, which were com- t menced last Sunday. These missions were t to help to give salvation to men's souls, to c assist in the work of rescuing them 1 from their vile haunts and abodes and i bringing them back to the path of virtue, 1 peace, and holiness. These missions de- 1 served their support. The .collection at this service amounted to £7. The Rev. F. J. Nance, M.A., preached at j Patterson-street church in the evening to a very large congregation. He chose for his 1 text St, Luke, xxiv., 15, The preacher 1 principally dwelt upon the life of Christ, and referred to the state of the world at the time Jesus lived and the present, and made reference to the trials of our Saviour. At the close of the discourse, which was a most eloquent one, the Rev. Mr Nance announced that the annual meeting of the home misdions would be held at Patterson-street church on Wednesday evening at 7"30. The collection at the evening service amounted to £16, or a total of £23 for the day. CHURcH OF THE APOsTLEs.-At each of the servic s in the Church of the Apostles yesterday and at Invermay the collection announced on Sunday last was taken up in aid of the African missions, and proved a decided success. The amount received was £55 10s, and this, with several promised subscriptions, brings up the total to about £70. The Rev. Father O'Sullivan spoke at each of the services, giving further infor mation concerning the object of the appeal, which he had been deputed from Africa to make. In the evening at vespers the rev. gentleman gave some very interesting in formation of his experienoes in Egypt, con trasting the Christian Egypt of the past with the Mahometau Egpyt of the present day. The traces of ancient civilisation and Christianity which he had witnessed in the land of the Pharaohs were also dealt with in a manner which formed a very interesting and instructive discourse. In expressing his gratitude on the part of the society he represented for the benevo lence of the congregation, the rev. mission ary said that his thanks were due not only to those who could give and had given, biut also to those who could not and would, and whose good wishes were with the work. TAe.AR-sTREET CHURcH. - SuccEssful anniversary services were held yesterday, when the Rev. J. G. Wright preached. two appropriate sermons. The morning text was;Acts xiv., 7, "And there they preached the Gospel." Reference was made to the rapid progress of Christianity under the ministry of the Apostles, and the points of similarity and difference existing be tween preachers and hearers of past nad present ages were shown and enlarged upon. Two questions were especially emphasised; first, "Why so little of the regenerating influence of the Holy Spirit is witnessed to-day;" and then those present were urged to seriously ask " What is the effect of the Gospel upon me ?" The evening sermon was based upon the first and second verses of the 14th Psalm, "The fool hath said in his heart there is no God." "The Lord looked down from Heaven to see if there were any that did understand." Mr Wright said the language of Scripture was not always smooth or complimentary, but it was always straightforward, and certainly the bold assertions of the 'pro nounced atheist evidenced both conceit and folly; yet it was easier to understand a consistent infidel than an inconsistent pro fessor of Christianity, and the text had more to do with the formalist thanu the sceptic. Theywere also reminded of God's deep solicitude in man's well-being; this was expressed by His looking down from Heaven, not as an angry God, not as a judge, not as a fault-finder, but as a loving Father. Whilst not pretending te fathom all the whys and the wherefores of God's loving interest in man, they might partly account for it by considering the dignity and capability of man's nature and the peculiarity of his condition In many ways God was seeking man, and it was man's duty and privilege to seek God. If man had a knowledge of God's ways and applied that knowledge, there would be right living, which was the one essential to happy living. The choir, under the leadership of Mr Gurr, with Mr Bellion presiding at the organ, rendered suitable anthems. To-morrow the public tea will be held in the Albert Hall, to ba followed by an after meeting, which will be addressed by various ministers of the city. The choir will be assisted by a small orchestra. LaUNCESTON" TABRNACLE.--Lest night Pastor A. J. Clarke gave his fifth address on Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress," the sub ject being " Christian at the house of the interpreter," and the pictures of the teacher -and the dusty room were the principal features of the address. The illumination of the Holy Ghost was the point illustrated. No matter how learned a man might be, said the pastor, he could never fully understand spiritual things without the Spirit's teaching,- yet no matter how ignorant they might be they could understand all that was needed for their salvation if en lightened by the Holy Spirit. The dusty room was like the human heart when the claims of God's law became known to them. It stirred up their corruptions and their fears, and it revealed to them their guilt, and stayed all hope of being oaved by any effort of their own. It also showed their future misery unless forgiven. The damsel who brought water to sprinkle the room was illustrative of the gracious influences of the gospel when it came into the heart to vanquish sin and to make the heart clean. " Passion and patience" is to be the subject of next Sunday's discourse. 