A TRUE AND HIGHLY SENSATIONAL NARRATIVE. (copyright.) JN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. ! AH AUSTRALIAN STORY. +— \- by \- IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER I. i st. columb's cove. Within a dozen miles of Land's End, where the grotesque and imperishable rocks of the " Shark's Fin " and " The Armed Knight " leave the wild surges of the At- lantic, is situated the ancient hamlet of St. Colutnb'8 Cove. The place is wild and picturesque in the extreme. The ceaseless billows of the ocean rolling acioss from the shores of America have in debted the granite rocks which faced them into strange and uncouth shapes. Hollows and caves have been worn by the erosive action of ages, and at times when the sea was lashed to fnry it howled and shrieked amongst them in doleful and appalling accents. - The little cove was hollowed out of a soft stratum in the iron-bound coast, and within it 8m1tll craft could find shelter. Looking from its cliffs on a fine day the dim outlines of the Scilly Islands away' to south-west could fie discerned, and "ljing between was the fabled submerged land of Lyoneese, over which King Arthur, of Round Table fame, and his knights used to hunt. There was not a spot in the. whele locality that was not associated with strange and weird legends. Over at yonder black cliff was the dreaded place where the spectre of St. Columb's made its ominous Appearance as a herald of evil to the little settlement. This portentous visitation took the form of a phantom ship, black and square rigged, followed by a shadowy boat, the whole being of unearthly aspect and worked by no human bands. When the mists rose seawards over the calm ocean about nightfall the spectre ship was seen to glide silently towards the dark beetling cliff, and apparently sail- right into it, disappearing as mysteriously as it had come. The apparition boded woe to Colurab hamlet, and tbs primitive residents, almost secluded from the busy world and super stitious to the last degree, placed implicit faith in the legend. Of all peoples on the earth those of Corn, wall are perhaps the mostsnperstitious-, and attach supernatural reasoii3 to most com. monplace events. » From King Arthur's time down to the latter end of the nineteenth century innur merable are the legends associated with Cornwall, and St. Columb's Cove was in the very heart of the mystic district. To the north the coast town of Tintagell stood with its ruins of Arthur's celebrated castle, where the court of Round Table was held. The famous bells of Tintagell, with the weird romance attached to them, are still heard by credulous people chiming on occasions beneath the ocean. Indeed, eminent men have heard the strange sounds as of bells .chiming, but science now attributes the booming noise to other and natural causes. Close by the town is the site of the battle field where King Arthur met his death. Nearer to St. Columb is: the celebrated morasa which it was .part of the doom of the wicked Tregeagal to drain, and within half a mile of the Cove hamlet were seve ral strange granite rocks on an open moor. Of course a legend is attached to them, and it is at the expense of a worthy man of former times, named St. Just. This worthy man dwelt at the western side of the Promontory, and on the eastern side lived another good man called St.; Keverne, whose name is still famous in Cornwall. St. Just once paid his brother in right eousness a vi9it, but on fiis leaving St. Keverne missed some of his property. Waxing wroth — for even saints hankered after earthly riche3— he pursued his late visitor, carrying with him from the coast a few granite rocks of about a ton weight each. He overtook him near St. Columb. A colossal fight ensued and the rocks were used as missiles with such effect that St. Just was glad to disgorge the stolen pro perty. Such is the given reason assigned by the Cornish people for the presence on the moor of the strange rocks, and it is simply Btated as a sample of the supernatural reasons to explain very natural circum stances. From time immemorial the hamlet of St. Coloinb had been supported by mining. Up to the year 1819 its output of tin had . been considerable, but after that date the yield had gradually fallen off until in 1863, the year this 'story opens, it could scarcely ' be called a mining district longer. Throughout Cornwall the staniferous areas bad become less, but the working of other minerals had taken their place. Coal and iron were being substituted for tin and copper, and it was simply a change in the mineral, that made no alteration save for the better in the progress oftbe dis trict. With St. Columb's Cove, however, it was 'different. Si; Tin wa3,the only mineral in the neigh- riffcourhcod that had been found profitable to work, and once that industry became ex tinct there was nothing else to take its place. The locality was not fit for either agricul- tural or pastoral pursuits. The coast-line was sterile and desolate, and the salt spray of the Atlantic, which in rough weather swept far inland, precluded the growth of vegetation, save that of a marine character. The fens and moora at the back of the hamlet were almost as unsuitable for agri culture, and nothing of a remunerative nature could be won from the earth by that ; industry. As a fishing village the cove was also un suitable., - The long wash of the ocean which beat upon the coast with terrific violence when ever a slight, storm arose .rendered fishing as a pursuit out of - the question in that par ticular spot. The cove offered few advantages in that respect, and as there were other parts not far distant which gave good shelter fishing macks sought them, ' J : ' "-V-- . -7: - ---v.'.:. - So treacherous was the coast that a vessel driven near it was inevitably doomed to destruction. It was caught in powerful cur rents when far off and sucked in to disaster and death. In former times the reputation of the T'coast was extremely evil. It was even said as a matter beyond dis pute that the inmates of a monastery which was built -ziear the Black Cliff, and could be seen a longdistance to seaward, were in the habit of hanging a lantern out at night to entice voyagers to destruction. The good monk3 of course maintained that the lamp was hung out as a signal of danger to keep mariners away. That might be, but there.could be no disputing the fact that the religious brothers claimed and re- ceived their full share of the wreckage that was plundered from the ill fated vessels lured on the rocks. In latter days without : the hanging out of false lights the wrecks off the .coast- were numerous and disastrous enough to satisfy any lover of the sensa tional. Or course the inevitable legend wasasso-' elated with such disasters. On stormy evenings a woman's sfciiekB were saidfeto be often heard coming from seawards, and some few favoured indivi- dualsiwitb powerful imaginations had even caught a glimpse of a female form floating along in the mist sad-calling for succor. Tui3 was supposed to be the ghost of a woman' who long ago had been the. only persdff saved from a terrible wreck. Her husband and family had all been . swallowed up in the furious sea when the ship drove on the rocks, and she, caught by a hiuge; wave had been thrown into a cleft of lock, where she was found unconscious by a party of wreckers. Instead of dropping her back into the sea they had saved her, but it was- soon found that uer reason had been shattered by the awful experience of the calamitous night. When she was able to get . about she used to spend her time waudeiing along_-H beetling rocks and everyone pitied 'her su case. ' . >' : One evening when a storm was Issbing the ocean against the cliffs she disappeared, but a miner making his Way. home had seen her end. He bad watched her go to ihe edge of the Black Cliff and gaze apparency fascinated, iiito the tumbling billows below. Suddenly she precipitated herself from the Clifl and disappeared for eveiv ' As her body wa3 not washed ashore and she bad a mystery attached to her and the vessel in which she was lost, the usual legend grew around the event. ; It thus happened that in 1SG5 throngli the decline of the staple mining industry that the residents were fewer than in former times; ; . The remainder still clung tenaciously to the remnant of the mining work which re: mairieci. Centuries before the place bad been famous for its- output of tin. It was at the Cbve so many historians said that the old Phoenicians first landed in search of minerals, and long before the time of Julius Cassar the precious: metals and the baser ones also bad been worked from their native ore. : All over the district could be found the remains of ancient workings. These bad been abandoned long anterior to the local records, but from the extensive rains they must have contained, immense deposits of ore. ' In several places shafts of profound depth existed that had not been touchod for cen turies. At what period or by what people they had been excavated no cue could tell. It wa9 honestly regarded as beyond dis pute that fhr twenty centuries mining had been carried on in the viciuity' of St. Columb's Cove, and romantic stories were current of the fabulous riches that bad been won from the earth there. If ' Raleigh had lived a thousand years before he did there would have been no occasion— had half the stories been true — for him to seek the El Dorado in the mys- ' terious recesses of a new world. In the Land's End he would have found the wealth for which he pined; Even in the sixteenth century the bulk of the riches had been taken from the place, and as time rolled on the patient but per sistent miner- still further -diminished the treasure which lay buried in the earth. In the year 1865 the glory of St. Co lumb's Cove had disappeared, or was but a memory of the past so far as its mineral wealth was concerned, and in the whole district there was but one mine which was still worked . This was called the " Wheal Merlin," and the site was supposed to have been pointed out as a profitable one to work by the famous enchanter of that name'. This mine was in 1S68 owned by ona John Trehowetb, aud it had been in the same family for generations. CHAPTER II. tiie trenoaveth's. Almost as old as the hamlet of St. Columb itself was the Trenoweth family. Tradition set them down as being of memorable antiquity, but whether the an cestors of John Trenoweth traded with the Phoenicians, or whether a later generation fitted out a ship and fought with Drake against the Spanish Armada is of little con cern to this story. There was little doubt that the family was of ancient lineage, and it was also certain that the "Wheal Merlin" had been owned and worked by the Trenoweths for many generations. John Trenoweth knew this to his cost, for in the year 1830, when his father died and left him it as his only possession, he found that the living to be obtained from it was likely to be a precarious one. He was only eighteen years of age at his father's death and that event left him an orphan, his mother having died several years previously. Like all his predecessors he had no thought of leaving the old spot, but at once settled down to the lot which baa apparently been destined for him: He was thirty-five when he married Mary Treloar, a girl of the village whom he had known since childhood, and the result of the union was one child, who waB named Edward, after his grandfather. John Trenoweth was a man of greater en terprise iq the working of the-mine than any of his predecessors. The spirit of the nineteenth century was strong within him, and the rude and primi tive methods of working which had been in use for centuries at the mine were soon dis carded. The lode ran to a great depth and the shaft was deepened considerably so that it could be worked more advantageously. The mouth of the main shaft was not more than a couple of hundred yards from the cliffs on the ocean beach, and hitherto the utmost precautions bad been taken in working towards the west. A safe distance had been left between the furthest drive leading that way and the sea, for the miners had no desire to be in terfered with by leakages from the At lantic. John Trenoweth was more venturesome. With the shaft one hundred and twenty feet deeper than it had hitherto been he concluded that there would not be tne least danger in driving beneath the ocean bed if necessary. This would give about one hun dred and fifty feet of ground overnead if the drive were continued from the lowest level west, and the moBt experienced miners in the district considered with Trenoweth that westerly working under such circum stances was perfectly safe. After consultation with the miners they expressed their perfect willingness to start a lower drive to . the west and follow the rich ore that was to be obtained in that line. Trenoweth was soon rewarded for liis en terprise by the increased yield of the " Wheal Merlin," and it almost seemed as if the ancient grandeur of the family was about to be renewed. The turn of luck did not, however, last long, for the ore turned out to be patchy and realised no more than a fair1 living for the owner alter all expenses were paid. Year followed year, and slowly but- surely the underground workings of the mine be- came more extensive towards the west. In fact in the year 1830 the whole of the operations were carried on in that side of the historic mine. The generations of miners who bad lived, delved, and died at the mine, had com pletely worked it out in every other place save the one they were afraid to exploit, and consequently John Trenoweth wa3 forced to confiae himself to tue west or abandon the place altogether. He had reason to be satisfied with the in beritance left him, for it was turning out fairly well with his improved working, and. so it went on till : the latter part of 1SG5, when an event occurred which completely changed the for tunes of the Trenoweths. Before narrating this Edward Trenoweth must be referred to. The reader has already been informed that the marriage of John Trenoweth with Mary Treloar resulted in the birth of a son, who was christened Edward, . This son was born in 1817 and grew up a vigorous youth. His parents had a notion of placing him in one of the liberal professions, and in pursuance of that idea sent him to Eton to be educated. It was the first time that a Trenoweth of St. Columb had ever been sent out of the hamlet to be educated, and old people shook their heads in bodeful an ticipation of what the result would be. It- seemed like breauing tbe custom hallowed by centuries of observance and tbe wise acres of the village concluded that Edward Trenoweth was destined to break tbe long period of family isolation which bad shut out the race from the world beyond the dis trict in which they lived. It must be said that Edward Trenoweth himself did not fall in cheerfully with the exile from his native- village, and be made rib secret of his repugnance to life at Eton. A wild strain was inbred . s>- The youth loved tie lonely grandeur of the storm-tossed Cornish coast, aud to him St. Coiumb's Cove was the one place on eaitb. lie tad a farther reason for this love of the hamlet, for he had given his boyish heart to a maiden of the place, and thai made the enforced separation from home all the more intolerable. The girl's nams was Inez Jasper, and her history was a strange one. . She was in fact a waif of the_sea, One wild night in November, -1849, sig nals of distress were observed rising to sea ward and the few inhabitants of tbe Cove gathered on the beach to give what help they could. This was very little indeed. The .few old boats of the fishermen were utterly useless in such a storm outside the .cove.,- The hardy men of the place well knew that it would be suicidal madness to put out to where they could see a great Bhip drifting on to the rocks. : The Cove had probably been sighted by those on board the ship during the after noon and as a last hope they had made towards it. They must have been strangers to the coast to have done so, for to a vessel of such tonnage the Cove was practically inacces- . sible. The spectre lady had beea seen to walk . the night previous, so some of the supersti tious villagers said. This legend had been whispered from one to another until it was believed, and as they gathered on the beach with the salt spray dashing in their faces from the half shel tered Cove they had no hope that the ship would live through the storm. They seemed in fact to look upon it as a matter of course that the ship was doomed. The few boats were manned at nightfall, and the men rowed out to the entrance of the Cove, beyond which they dared not go. From the course tne ship was driving it was expected she would strike near the en trance of the little bay and all the men could do would be to lend a hand in saving any possible survivors. A few persons took their stand on the jutting cliffs on either side of the Cove with ropes to throw to any clinging waif that might be dashed up by the waves on the lower ledge of rocks. As the people expected the unknown ves sel drifted almost into the entrance of the Cove. Had she come fairly in many lives would doubtless have been saved, but it was not fated to be. A treacherous current seized and bore ber right under the Black Cliff where no human help could avail, Huge fires had been lighted at the spot immediately it was seen the ship was going to strike there, and all night the villagers peered into the seething ocean by them and the fitful light in search of a possible sur vivor. Not one was saved by them, and when morning dawned nothing but wreckage strewed the coast, whilst here and there a ghastly battered corpse was to be seen. .. Though the people on .the cliff had hot succeeded in saving a single soul, an old fisherman named Michael Jasper had been more fortunate. Early in the night he had put out to the mouth of the Cove in company with his three eons.— To be Continued, W F J V 