BIJOU THEATRE. There was a good attendance in the Bijou theatre on Saturday evening when an Aus-<*> tralian drama entitled "Ransom" was pro-<*> duced for the first time in Adelaide by the Dan Barry Dramatic Company. The play is t>f the adventurous and bosiir&Xiging; type, and although it can perhaps scarcely claim to "hold tbe mirror up to nature" as regards Australian life, either past or present, it is foil of action and tine language. Altcosd all the men are picturesquely attired with gaudy lashes and high boots, and the costumes of the ladies are a credit to the bush. The story is that of a handsome young selector, Harold Graham, who is naturally in antagonism to the Wealthy squatter, Philip Rlarlett, on whose run be faas taken up land. There are other causes pf dislike 00 the part of Marietta, aa Graham has married the girl with whom the squatter Was in love. Graham, while riding with medicine to the hut of an old shepherd, is cap tured by tbe bushranger?, who inform bis wife that he will be hanged the next morninp at snnrise unless she brings £1,000 ransom. This earn can only be obtained from Marie tt, and after a great struggle with herself Mabel ■ ; Graham agrees to fly to Europe with him if he J gives her the sum necessary to save her hns k band's life, her mental reservation being that r Bhe will kill herself if he insists on his bargain. ' Bhe rides in on horseback with the ransom just in time to prevent the bushrangers from beginning revolver practice at an ace of hearts pinned on tbe Bnowy shirt of the unfortunate selector. Madett's plan is baulked by a clever young station hand in Graham's employ, and the squatter shortly afterwards meets his doom at the hands oE one of the bushrangers who has plotted revenge for 12 years owing to Marlett having "evicted" him and his young wife and child into tbe bush, where the two latter perished. Graham is accused of the murder, and sentenced to im prisonment for life. Fortunately the murderous outlaw is also in Berrima Gaol, New South Wales, and when very ill he is brought into Graham's cell by the authorities on the rather Rha?tly supposition that the dying man will be "nice company for him." "The murderer dies with doe promptitude, and before he gives up the ghost exonerates Graham of the crime. There is an underplot which provides the oomia relief, _ and in which a new dram, who is going to be sa earl, a henpecked husband and his wife and daughter figure. Mjhs Mildred Bolton, who courageously acted although Buffering severely from a sprained foot, made a very good im pression as Mabel Graham. Hi. Patten looked well as the conventional selector in a crimson sash, and was as imposing and Kzandiloqueni as Geo. Darren himself could nave been. Mr. Boothman had a thank les? part as the villain Marlett, but be went through it in a business-like manner without too much scowling. Mr. Edwin Campbell as the new chum Gnssie Howard looked as if Australia agreed with him, and Mr. Dan Barry provided amusement as Fitzgerald, 1 "the henpecked husband. Miss Dora Mostyn -was really bright and perky as the young j station hard, Galloping Tom, and made the play move whenever she was on the stage. Miss E. Sydney and Miss Gladys Donees did ■very well as Mrs. Fitzgerald and her daughter Angelina. Mr. Dalziell looked dark and dangerous as the head of the bushrangers, bat Mick Ryder, the vindictive outlaw, seemed rather shaky on his pins, probably the result of brooding over his wrongafortwelvelongyears. .Someof the other hT|Bnr*TyEftr?^n<l^rn'l try m^ch litotravellingtinsmiths,andshoold be provided with red sashes and made to look more blood thirsty. Mr. St. Glair was officially stolid as Sergeant Tom Coward, who is stated to be a bi?torio character, not unidentifiable in Ade laide society, and who was connected with the real incidents which form the h"*}" of •'Ransom. 1' 