THE BENTLEY SEASON. "Hamlet." DESPITE the evil days on which Broken Hill is popularly supposed to have fallen since the strike, she can still rzuster a mammoth audience when a great occasion calls for it ; and such an occasion presented itself on Saturday evening, at the Theatre Boyal, when one of the foremost of living actors, Mr. Walter Bentley, essayed the interpretation of Shakspeare's master creation, Hamlet. Long before the hour for opening, the corridors of the Theatre were thronged, the ticket boxes besieged, by such a large and eager crowd as has not been seen there for many a day; and before the curtain rose on the first scene every seat was filled, and numbers could find standing room only or were unable to gain admission. The play as pre- sented by Mr. Bentley is shorn of several scenes and speeches that are ordinarily preserved in the acting version. The first scene where Horatio, while keeping night watch with the officers on their post, at the Castle of Elsinore, beholds the Ghost glide past, and depart at the crowing of the cock, was omitted, and the play opened with the second scene ; Hamlet not entering, as usual, in the rear of I the King and Queen and their attend I ant courtiers, but gliding quietly into ¡ the room just prior to his first speech. Mr. Bentley's appearance in the well I known black cloak- was the signal for an enthusiastic burst of applause, which was frequently renewed during the evening. Hamlet is the play : the rest of the characters are merely cyphers; and therefore everything depends upon the representation of the marvellous medi- aeval Danish Prince, in whom Shaks peare seems to have embodied the restless, inquiring, introspective spirit of this nineteenth century. Mr. Bentley proved himself quite equal in this character to the reputation which had preceded him. In the delivery of his first soliloquy, " Oh that this too, too solid flesh would melt," it was at once apparent that his interpretation ®f the character would be an able and scholarly one. The interview with the Ghost displayed his high capacity as a tragic actor ; and the play scene and the subsequent interview with his mother placed his high histrionic powers beyond doubt. From the first the keynote of the character-Hamlet's intense love for his father and his brooding over his death-was struck, When the King says, in the firsl scene, " We pray you throw to earth This unprevailinK woe ; and chink of us As cf a father," the turning away of the actor's head with a sudden and irrepressible gesture of aversion revealed to the audience all that was passing in the Prince's mind. The ensuing conversation with Horatio developed the same train of thought ; and when the terrible revelation of the Ghost came, it was not as a surprise, but simply what the Prince's "pro- phetic soul" had already divined. The difficult scene with Ophelia was played wich great judgment and delicacy. In the early portion of it Hamlet seemed (as if in pursuance of his promise, after the dreadful interview with the Ghost, to " wipe away all trivial fond records from the table of his memory") desirous of tearing Ophelia from his heart,- yet doing so with a reluctant, tenderness. But, suddenly, he catches sight of the King and Polo nius in hiding, watching the inter- view, and abruptly asks Ophelia, "Where is your father?" fixing his piercing gaze upon her. When she replies, " At home, my lord," evidently thinking that she had told him a false- hood and is in league with his enemies he breaks into that strange torrent of reproach which many critics have deemed unnatural. The speech to the Players and the various sohloquies were fine snecimens of elocution. In the play scene, Mr. Bentley's acting perhaps reached its highest level ; and the great climax in which he ironically exults over the terrified and conscience-stricken King stirred the audience to enthusiasm. Again, in the scene with his mother, his act- ing was at its best, and he was ably seconded by Miss Kate Bishop as Queen Gertrude. In this scene, Mr. Bentley dispenses with portraits of his father and uncle, and draws his "counterfeit presentment of two brothers " as imaginary outlines in the air. In the last act Mr. Bentley was quiet and impressive. The speech over Yorick's skull was delivered with great effect; and the final catastrophe, in which something like .the inex- orable Fate of the Greek tragedies overtakes the whole ef the Royal House of Denmark, seemed to come as the only fitting conclusion, j Throughout Mr. Bentley's interpre- tation of the character was an emi- nently reasonable and consistent one. He made it dear in the first scenes that Hamlet's madness was assumed for a purpose ; but he allowed it to be seen that the Prince's mind had to a great extent been shaken by the awful interview with the Ghost, the acci- dental killing of Polonius and the subsequent tragic death of Ophelia. He was loudly applauded, and called before the curtain after each act. Hamlet is so largely the play that the other characters are quite over- shadowed; however, they were all respectably represented. Those which call for most prominent mention are the Queen and Ophelia of Miss Kate Bishop and Miss Virginie Vivienne respectively. Miss Bishop quite sus- tained her reputation, especially in th« great scene with Hamlet in the fourth act; and Miss Vivienne, though a young actress, was surprisingly good ic the mad scene. Her acting in thc scenes with Hamlet, Polonius, anc Laertes was also very pleasing. Mr Stoneham made an excellent Ghost and Mr. H. R. Roberts was a veri passable Laertes. The others that cal for mention were Mr. E. B. Bussell a the King, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan a Polonius, Mr. Harry Hill as Horatio Messrs. M. Majeroni and A. M. Sea ton as Rosencrantz and Guilderstera Messrs. J. Stark and Thomas Foster a Gravediggers, Miss Ina Laurence a Osric, and Mr. Giles Fordham an Mrs. Buckly as Players. Of new readings and business Mi Bentley intioduces little. One pice of business which is new to tb Australian stage, at any rate, an which is both effective and natura he introduced at the close of ti soliloquy, "Oh, what a rogue an peasant slave am I." Instead of tl usual exit with the lines " The play's the thins;. Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the Kins;," he seats himself at a table and takes quill, evidently intent on writing tl ^ doon or; 8ixteen lines " which he ha ^aaked the ?layekto study. Theene of a new reading is also produced by the transposition of a stop in a well- known passage, which Mr. Bentley renders thus : " I am but mad j nor-nor-west when the wind is ; southerly : I know a hawk from a j handsaw." In the famous " To be or* not to be " soliloquy^too, Mr. Bentley, in the line " And enterprises of great pith and moment," substitutes " rich " for "great." Amongst the excisions are the fine speech of the King, beginning " O, my offence is rank : it smells to heaven," and that scene with Rosen crantz ana Guildenstern in which Hamlet makes such effective use of the recorder. Mr. Bentley appears to-night in the fine comedy " David Garrick " and the amusing Scotch farce " Cramond Brig," playing Garrick in the former and Jock Howieson in the latter. 