CMttom'si -Mmmt- A WOLF DANCE. and how many who have had that experience ever want to witness the performance again ? have seen one seldom speak of it, and do not include it in their camp- fire yarns. At times rhey may tell it to a select few, but then they speak in a sort sf whisper that has a sound of lOtror about it. A wolf dance is a dance in every sense of the world, and seems to be done by the ani mals for some purpose similar to that which to indulge in complicated gyrations for re ligions ceremonies. AU men who have escaped alive say that it happeued in some high altitude. The wolves in Middle Park, Colorado, are in the habit of dancing, aid also those on the high plateaus of California. There are only a few cases known, but all are much the same and there no doubt about the veracity of the men, and in tbe case to be mentioned the rescuers also are to be believed, although they did not see the dance. Early last January Thomas Page was living with three other miners in a cabin near their mine, not far from Mount Whitney, in the Mineral King Country. For several days the bad weather and snow. They put in their days in a very monotonous way and time hung heavy on their hands. When the weather began to treak Page signified his intention of going out and getting a little fresh meat, as the snow was frosen hard and it would be easy to follow game. It was late in the day and the others told him he had better wait until morning, but he paid no attention to them, and taking his rifle and knife started forth. He went up the road but a short distance before he saw a mountain sheep, to which he gave chase, and in a mile or so bad come near enough for a shot. His aim was good, and aoou the sheep was shouldered and Page started home, thinking how glad the boys would be to get tbe meat. While be had been going op the mountain for the sheep he was conscious of a peculiar pattering sound behind him that he could not ocate, and yet it seemed to be on all sides. Several tiuiea he stopped and looked back, bnt could see nothing except the snow-covered mountains, uilh the dark pine trees on the sides thrown into violent contrast against the daslinc whiteness. He could see nothing of an animal nature, and concluded the sound mast have been twigs cracked by the frost and falling on to the soft, feathery surface. While occupied with killing tbe sheep and getting it on his shoalders, he had forgotten the Bound, but as soon as he was started he heard it again. This time it was all around him and seenied to be quite near. He was not alarmed, but he wished he was back in his cabin with tbe sheep, skinned and cut into juicy c^iopi, broiling over the fire iu the big chimney. He quickened life steps, but it was a long way back where he had to carry tbe heavy sheep. Still he struggled on and the sounds kept getting nearer and nearer, and darkness was coming on. The snow took on a soft blue tone and the sky had a crimson glow at the horizon that blended into a cold steely glitter at the zenith, where a few stars were feebly straggling into brilliancy. The soft crimsonlight quickly faded pnd soon there were only a few orange-coloured beams glowing behind tiie darkened pines. Page had got to within half a mile of his home when he was alarmed by seeing an enormous grey wolf a few hundred feet ahead of him. He set down the sheep and raised his rifle for a shot, bat the beast had vanished, although the soft pattering could be heard on all sides, and the man realised that he was surrounded by wolves which were undoubtedly driven to desperation by hunger. Th^re was nothing to do but make the best 6ght he could and run for the cabin without (he sheep. He had no sooner made up his mind how to act than he heord the pack drawing closer and closer to, him, and could see dark fonnsinoviag Stealthily through the trees. Nearer and nearer they came, and Pane commenced shoot* ing with good effect. He coald hear the snarls of rage and pain whenever a wolf was The road was blocked in front by a uxithing mass of wolves, and on all sides they could be heard snarling, but they did not seem to want dark, aud the full moon just rising over the top of the mountains, but not high enough to give any light. Page realised the danger of his position and really saw no way out of it. He could not kill all the animals, nor could he get past them on any side. There were no trees be could climb, aud even if he did it was only a question of a few hoars before he would freeze to death, as the weather was growing bitterly cold. Seeing no cliauce of escape, he com menced shooting as fast as he could, deter mined to kill as many as possible, and also with the hope that his friends in the cabin wonld hear him. The solves vcre within a few feet of him and were silently drawing closer. Page kept on shooting, and without noticing it moved off the road aod iuto the pine forest. Before be was arcare he was in a place that was strange to him in the licht given by the rising moon. It was a sort of level, open place in the forest, and was several acres in extent. None of the animals had as yet ventured to attack him, bat they kept getting nearer every moment, while he killed them as fast as be could throw the lurer of bis rifle. He killed dozens, l.ut at last had to stop for want of ammunition. His bolt was empty and bis rifle useless, so he threw it away and drew oul his knife. For several minutes he stood in the middle of the bowling pack ready to plunge his knife into the first that sprang at him. Each minute seemed a year, bnt Page had beea is tough places before and did not waste any time thinking about bis past life. He simply waited for tbe time to come for him to kill as many of his enemies as possible before he died. Be folly believed that his time to leave the world had come, but he determined to live as Ion? as possible and die like a hunter. He turned around slowly, keeping his eye on the foremost of tbe pack, ready to make his last fight. But his calculations were wasted, for the whole pack seemed to spring on him at once, and he was borne to the earth with a dozen wolves on top of him. He was nearly senseless, but managed to strike a couple of times before his knife was knocked from his Pace then commenced to punch with his fists, but wondered why he was not devoured by the ravenous- looking beasts. They were on all sides of him, snapping and growling, but none of them had bitten him. He dealt several of them many hard blown and a few rolled over as if their days were ended. Soddenly he was seized n-pw-in *fii? this time drageed several feet over the snow. When tbe desired spot was reached be was left a few moments, and several othero came tip to tear bis clothes from him. In a short time he was nearly as nature made him and the snow that was nibbed on him daring the operation began to run from his body in cold streams that kept him shivering. At this part of the performance the pack stood still and uttered a moat unearthly bowL Then all made a sodden turn and became silent and began to revolve around the man who was kneeling in the snow and yelling At the top of his voice. There were hundreds of them, and they moved without a sound. They passed over the snow like ghosts, and in the tale moonlight their snapping taws and glittering eyes looked like fiome tint of tbe inferno. Round and round they went several times at an ordinary pace ; then they went faster and faster, until tbev could scarcely be seen. For Beveral minutes this was kept up, ana the victim in the centre was nearly dizzy as well as almost frozen. Then commenced a series of jumps and walking on hind lees, still keep* ing the rotary motion. Then came a com bination of figures, when one crowd walked around in a circle inside the pack and the others commenced to jump over one another, until they looked like a choppy sea on a dark night. How long the march was kept up Page does not know, but it was broken by another howl in concert, and tliose on tbe inside of the uack acaio came toward him and this time growled fiercely and snapped their teeth. First the old leader carne up and! gently inserted hia teeth into Page's shoulder — not enough to break any bones, but vo that the blood flowed freely. Then the others came up and did the same thing, and soon his body was a bleeding mass from a hundred wounds. Stall they came and bit him, nntil it seemed as if he must bleed to death. The pain was frightful, and Ms blows on the beasts had become sc weak that they no longer felt tnem. Now the wolves kept op a constant howl and danced indiscriminately and wildly like dervishes. The scene was like pande monium, and the howls and snarling of the creatures were deafening. £t5H they fait and snapped at the unfortunate nmin and tben. carae back to the dancing. RoDud and round they went, snarling and snapping and jumping over one another in &. sort of wild frenzy. Faster and faster they went nutil it seemed as if they most be «r hausted, bnt they seemed tireless and gradually gained speed nntil they fairly flew over the ground and were running over Page as if he never existed. He still realised bis position, although Buffering agony and seeing nothing before Mm bnt death. Suddenly he beard tbe repasts of several rifles and revolvers and becuoe un conscious. When Page came to himself fafe was in the cabin and l^s friends aronnd him. He was all wrapped up in bandages so tkitx he cookl scarcely move He was one boadle of aches and pains, but was glad be was not in tne middle of a pack of wolves. When he got well enough after several days bis friends told him bow they had rescwed him. They had been alarmed as soak as it grew dark and he did not come home. One of tbe men went to the door several tines to Listen in the hopes of hearing his footsteps. The last time he heard tbe hoacfe of the wolves »nd called the others. AH took «s many weapons as possible and; vent toward the sound, feeling sure Page was being devoured. They taw the pedfe and charged into them, tiring their weapons as they went. The cowardly creatures vanished in a . moment and thvir victim, lay is plain sight oni the snow. They carried him home witS very little hope that he would ever speak again_ But he came to all right and is now aunostt welL He will booo be able to go huntiar again, but if he can help it will never attend another wolf dance. Mr. Daniel Kennedy, an old resident of the west, has started boiling -daw* works at Emerald, called the Emerald Boiling Down Works. Mr. Kennedy has begun in a small way ; but as the hnp''-** expands be will be prepared to enlarge bis plaat. Already two ? parcels of produce- from the works have reached Rookhampion,. four tons arriving here last month, and between five and six tons this week. Mr. S. Willi&TO;, Vice-Chairman ol tiie Executive Committee of the SepMaiinn. League received the following tefegaam on the 20th instant The message woe- sent from the telegraph office in Parliament* House, and was signed by Messrs. A- Archer and as. Curtis, MM.L.A.:-' Meeting Central members just held. Unanimously decided adopt memorial instead of bringing on motion this session. See Curtis 's letter Bobison 16th in&ta;&t.;' 