. ' &3k© 'Traveller Beautiful Tasmania ITS LIKES AND LOCHS. '. ? . No. 2. Our. hunting and shooting friends had departed, and as we had also a full day's rest we determined now to push on and have ; a look at the Great Lake; taking . Woads and Laycock's Lakes on our way. Mr Page had sent up five capital hacks for the trip, and the mountain air seemed to have the same exhilarating effect upon them that it had upon ourselves. Ur pos ?ibly.Mr Page may, have desired to put the mettle of our manhoed to the proof, as we had not, concealed from him the nature of our Australian occupations; and Rackett had, without sufficient cause why, and somewhat unwisely, created the impression by remarks he. had. dropped that he was, to quote' himself, 'a bit of a sticking plaster.' ; 4 Iishquld like/ said the gentleman who had kindly undertaken to pilot us turou gh our sojourn at the Lakes, 'to see your friendo;8chooling something really rough and rusty ; we bo seldom witness anything . of that .kind over here.' Whereupon we exchanged glances and felt sad, for Rackett's figure of equestrian merit at Wanterigoo was expressed by a boundary rider's hack, third year of riding, and he usually mounted a strange horse with his spurs in his pocket. However, on this occasion he appeared with a pair of very long-necked and shiny spurs, and an awful looking pair of glazed leggings. When we went out after breakfast to start, 'that' said our guide, indicating with his hunting crop a tall and rather fidgettr-looking black horse, ' is your mount, Ur Rackett'' ' H'm,'' answered Rackett, and made the faintest possible little shrug of the shoulders. 'And this,' pointing to a most pronounced and docile looking weight carrier, a fat bay cob, is youra Mr Pondarus, our guide continued, addressing myself. We all, save Rackett, took our respective mounts from their hitching posts and sprang to the saddle, The naga were ready and in fact asking for a spin, and as we left the enclosure plainly betrayed their impatience to be off, and the black horse neighed and pranced about in a very excited manner. Then we noticed that the long-necked spura no longer adorned the heels of our comrade Rackett. Cautiously he approached the animal, who gazed at him at first with aristocratic hauteur, and then shorted with diBgusb, laid back its beautiful prick ears and relied its eye3 after the manner of a corner man at a nigger show. Rackett took the reins,cautiously felt the girths, .tapped the saddle and then prepared to mount. There musfc be something1 in animal magnetism, for every time Rackett's fingers touched the horse he gave a nervous start. At length, however, Rackett witii his left haud on the mane and the horse's head held rather tightly, got his foot into the stirrup. Then the horse, making of his forelegs a pivot, described circles rapidly and snorted with vigour. Rackett fol lowed, hopping on the arc of an inner circle. Presently his leg dropped from,the stirrup, came to the ground with emphasis, and at the same moment his head struck the horse just behind the saddle flap. Re sult, a backward bound and sudden stoppage as Rackett, still grasping the reins, embraced mother earth in attitude, if such a term be applicable to a man suddenly . lying down, to bite the dust. Assiftance was promptly rendered by the maa ef the house ; Rackett was got on his feet, his : mud-spangled front — he had fallen in a damp place— was scraped, the hor«e was soothed with little caressing attentions, and then another attempt te mount was made. Racketfc was about to place hi3 foot once more in the stirrup -when the horse made a movement in protest, and succeeded in placing his own near hind foot there instead. ' The brute wants to get into the saddle him self,' said Rackett, turning to us with a sickly smile. ' Anything wrong with your friend this morning?' askad our guide. 'He's surely n ot quite in his best form.' ' And we murmur something about uot of practice,' and feel uneasy. ; ? Then the leg and stirrup difficulty hav ing been adjusted, Racketb once more got his foot in, and after some difficulty made a spring and was cleaving space on his way .to the saddle, when once more the horse shot suddenly backwards and Rackett came to earth again, this time on his back and in a stony spot. -' Say, old'un;' he gasped as soon as he eould recover his breath, 'hadn't you better take a turn out of this brute. My liver's a little out of order this morning.' The change of mount3 was made as sug gested, and then we got under way with all convenient despatch, giving the fresh nags a spin for a mile or so on the road to the Interlaken sheep station. Fleeting glimpses of both Sore'll and Crescent Lakes are caught as we canter through the timber; the. road beneath us is as good just here as the main roads in the neigh-; bourhood of Launceston, but from. Inter laken House to the sheep station of that name does not, although interesting1, call for special note. Three miles from Inter laken, and just opposite the homestead of Mr Kermode'a shepherd (H. Smith), we pull up and pass through the slip rails on our right, travelling at a walk along the bridal track through the paddock. A few startled sheep scurry away at our approach, and one or two kangaroo hop lazily out of sight. Evidently the game is nob much disturbed here. Then, on reaching the top of a rise known as Jimmy's Back, we sight the lake. wood's laki Is -a veritable mountain gem. The towering forest clad hills environ it, sombre yet beautiful. They rear their rugged heads aloft in stately guardianship of the silent tarn below by the margin of whose on rufflsd waters the giant rocks keep watch eternal. Mirrored in the glass- like watera are the forms of the fleecy clouda which chase each other overhead. Borne faintly across the surface of the lake, cornea the dirge-like murmur of wind-shaken forests whose funereal foliage is stirred by the breeze that leaves untouched the tranquil depths below. Here, .too, is the omni present girdle of blue and distant hills. Near at hand, and slightly to the west of north, is Mount Penny — rugged, rocky, wooded ; and beyond, due north, St. Patrick's Head; whilst still further off, Brady's Lookout rears its. bold crest above the sieria-like ridge of the Western Tiers. We dismount in silence and gaze, and the beauty of the picture grows upon, us. Ib is no longer with us a matter of wonder that men who have seen that which we are now looking at should have raved of its wonders and its glories ; our astonishment now is that such grandeur and such beauty should remain, as it is, comparatively un known. And we bless the lucky impulse that induced ua to essay the exploration of the 'tight little island,' as some of its people term Tasmania. Rackett wants to know something more about the shooting, and is informed that here, as elsewhere, in the Lakes country there is kangaroo and wallaby shooting, but that permission must first be obtained from the owner of the run. Ducks, our inform anb goes on to tell Rackett, are not so numerous here as at the Lagoon of Islands, which we are to pass later on.. Cragg has been using his kodak, and has also made an ineffectual attempt at draw ing one or two bits of the Like. After gazing at hid work with an air of despair which is comical, to say the least of ih, he haa torn up the sketch and scattered its fragments around. '_ It is utterly useless, he growls, ' it re quires an impressionist and a genius to even convey a suggestion of those effects.' Meanwhile Sharpe has been expressing his disgust that there is not a steam or electric launch on the lake, and that it, the lake, is not connected with the northern capital by rail. '?We had better be moving once more,' our guide remarks. And so we betake our selves to the saddle again, and follow the course of the Upper Lake River to where it emerges from Arthur's lakes. The travelling is a little rough, but we have our reward in the variety of scene through which we' are passing. As we near the Lagoon of Islands, from its green and rush covered surface thousands of ducks arise and skirr away, alighting again but a short distance further off. ' Things we see when we come out with out our gun,' growls Rackett. The Lagoon of Islands does neb seem to excite a great amount of enthusiasm, and with very brief delay we push on until at length we arrive at the southernmost of the two lakes, passing close under tho southern slopes of Mount Penny. Here the , horses are given another spell, and meantime attention is paid to the sand wiches and the pocket pistols. ' After Wood's Lake, this i'a somewhat disappointing,* is Cragg's first remark. This is undeniable, but still the lake be fore us shows a bold expanse of water, and had we not eo recently been feasted on the magnificence of Wood's Lake we should have thought it picturesque, and doubtless a more lengthened stay or repeated visits would recall to us beauties not immediately apparent. After refreshment Crag«j becomes much more cheerful in his views, and declares that Arthur's Lakes must furnish an end less field of observation to the artist who should desire to study atmospheric effects. We skirt the western shore of the southern lake — there are two separated only by a narrow neck of land — for four or five miles, until near the northern end we cut the track which connects with the main road to the Great Lake. Here we turn our horses' heads almost due south, and in due course regain the main road) which we had quitted at Interlaken sheep station. Arrived at St. Patrick's Plains we face to the north-wesfc:and relieve our still fidgety steeds Jay a canter for a few miles. The road in many places is formed and metalled ; to a great extent it is enclosed between splendidly-made deadwood fences of great age; On. the plains here — which are appropriately enough named steppes — the grass is sparse and short, although the stock (cattle and sheep) running on it seem to be doing well enough. When we again get into the timber we also seem to reach. a region of the uttermost desolateneBS. The trees in many places are all dead— killed, our guide informs us, by a phenomenal frost which occurred years ago— and their dead white limbs cumber:the ground in all directions, whilst the bleached trunks, gnarled and twisted, seem like arboreal ghosts gibbering over the graves of a past and gone forest. Still moving in a north westerly direction we cross the plains, sighting at rare intervals a shepherd's cottage ; theu ascending the Barren Tier, from it3 summit we behold for the firat time the great sheet of water by which we are to live for the next, week or so. Des cending the tier we turn to the westward, pass on our right a fertile-looking marsh, with, perched on a hillside beyond amid great masses of basalt rock, another, shep herd's dwelling, and presently come to and cross the Shannon river, starting from the lake fully equipped for business, broad, brawling, shallow, ard noisy as most shallow things are. The infinite calm and the purple radiranco of a dying summer's day is upon the lake as we approach it, and the farther shore is luminous with the glory of the sunset that is painting the western sky with many hued magnificence. We pull up to admire, bub Sharpe inter rupts— 'If you fellows stop there stargazing at that sunset all night,' he says, 'you'll not get into camp before dark. Come along.' We come. Turning to the right we run the Shannon up to where it emerges from the lake, and find that camp has been arranged for us at some huts erected by Mr Page as ? tourists' shelters. Here are roaring fires blazing, and bunks almost buried in their wealth of opos3um rugs and blankets, and on a long table covered with the orthodox cloth stand the festive baked meats. From somewhere a man appears who informs ue that he is going to take our horses away to the paddock, and after removing- the saddles he, to Rackett's great horror, jumps on the back of the black horse. ' Look ! ' he exclaims, he's going to ride that brute barebacked.' But as that brute has already carried a very fair weight for something like forty miles since morning, there does not seem to be much danger. Then for the first time we catch sight of our maitre de cuisine. His hair is white and short, and his face is shaven clean, whilst his eyebrows are bushy and overhanging, and a pair of dark eyes twinkle furtively from black and cavernous depths. He is evidently tooth less. He i? also the possessor of a square and massive jaw, and he looks like a man whose temper is not sweet. ?Nice looking old party the doctor, Rackett makes remark to Sharpe in refe rence to the cook. ' Certainly a. . cleanly-looking personage at any rate,' is Sharpe's reply. Then Rackett steps boldly up to the old , man and addresses him — ''Spose you've seen some queer caper3 ? in this island ia your time ? ' he says. ' Yes,' the veteran snarls in answer, in tones that are thick and husky, ' I cud tell yer sumat.1 (7o be continued.) 