The Storyteller. Dot 's Claim. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] BY L.L. It was evening in the German Arms at Schwartzdorf. Great fires blazed in all the rooms of that old-fashioned hostelry, welcome enough on entering from the chill wild weather ruling over the mountainland ontaide. Tired with a heavy day's work at inspecting the mining claims, which were beginning to attraot notice to this secluded spot, it was with a feeling of satisfaction that, after tea, I drew a chair up to the fire, lit my pipe, and made myself comfortable. Presently there was a knock at the door and, in response to my " oome in," there entered the man who told me this story. In his hand he carried a oanvas bag, whose contents he emptied on the table with the remark, " I thought perhaps you might like to see these." Very beautiful they were, without doubt— quartz, ironstone, and gold, mingled in the most fantastic manner; grotesque attempts by Nature's untrained fingers at crosses, hearts, stars, and other shapes defying name. " We got these tbe la3t shot knooking off to night," said the owner of the pretty things as I asked him to sit down. " You might remem ber me tellin' you as I didn't think we was very far from the main reef. I believe we got it now in good' earnest. Same lead as is in Dot's claim. Same sort o' country. Beef runnin' with the same dip. An' you knows yourself, sir, as they took forty-five pound weight o' specimens richer than them out o' Dot's this mornin'." " I beg your pardon," I said after a hasty ftlanoe at my note book, " but I don't remem ber any suoh name. I thought, too, that I had seen all the most important claims." "Why, of course," he replied, "I forgot! It's only a few of us old hands as knows the story as calls it Dot's now. When the big company took it from Fairleigh they names it the 'El Dorado.' I reckon t'other was too short— didn't sound high enough for 'em. But if it hasn't the best right to the old name I'd like to know the reason why." "El Dorado," I remarked ; " why that's tho original prospector's olaim." My visitor nodded, saying, " An' I'm No 2 Booth." . . "Ward and party?" I inquired, referring again to my memos. "That's it. I'm Ward." " Well, then, Mr. Ward, I want to hear that story you hinted at just now. Kindly touoh that bell at yonr elbow. Thanks.' It may have been only fancy, but I thought that between blooming Gretchen journeying to and fro with hot water, tumblers, sugar, Ac, Ac, and my luoky reefer glances passed betokening a more than casual aquaintance. •' Yes, Gretchen, you may as well leave the kettle." I am trying to air my German, but fail lamentably, judging from the expression on the girl's full, fresh-coloured features as Bhe struggles to avoid laughing. Even my visitor smiles. Everything is German here—bar, luckily, the beds. Outside the wind howled and beat against the curtained windows, and the rain fell dully on the shingled roof, and the roar of the Broken River came to our ears between the storm gusts. Inside the fire fliokered and fell, sending deep shadows over the pine-panelled walls and the grave handsome face of my companion, the first fruits of whose labour Bhone sullenly under the shaded lamplight. From a distant room rose and died away faintly the chorus of some song of the Fatherland. "Now," said I as Gretohon finally closed the door, " now for the story." "Well," commenced Ward after getting his pipe into good going order, "it's over eight years ago since I came here from tbe West Coast —Hokitika. I'd been diggin' there. But my lack was dean out, so I chucked it up, an', after a lot o' knockin about, settles down here —would you believe it?—farmin'l "Now I know'd as much about farmin' as a cow does o' reefin'. Cert'nly my mate—for there was a pair of us—had been scarin' crows for a farmer in the old oountry when he was a boy. That wasn't much. Still, on the strength o' that experience, he used to give himself airs. " I think it was two years afore we got a crop o' anythin'. Then it was potaters. When we tried to sell 'em we couldn't get an offer. Everybody had potaters. So we jußt turned to an'lived on 'em. They're fillin', doubtless. But potaters an' fish, an' fish an' potaters for a change, all the year round, gets tiresome in the long run. "I often wonder now what could have pos sessed me an' Bill to go in for such a thing as farmin'. But there, when a chap's luck's out diggin' he's glad to tackle anythin' for a change! "Presently one or two more, men with fam'lies, settles close to us and tries to make a livin*. It didn't amount to much. Then up comes a string o' Germans, trampin' along from the coast, oarryin' furniture an' tools, beds, ay, even their old women on their baoks. An' they settles, an' starts the same game— clearin', an' ploughin', an' sowin'. But I couldn't see as any of 'em was rnakin' a pile. They worked like bullocks, women an' all, late an' early. The harder they worked the poorer they seemed to get. Bill an' me had a pound or two saved up for a rainy day. But they had nothin'; an' now they lived was a mystery. So, you see, takin' things all round, it was high time somethin' turned up. An' somethin' did. The next farm to us belonged to a married couple. He was a runaway sailor. She'd been a passenger on board. They had one child, just turned four year old, an' they was both fair wrapped up in that kid. "If Dot's—Dot was his pet name—finger only ached the work might go to Jericho. "An' indeed he were a most lovable little ohap. With regards to him, we waa all of us 'moat as bad as the father an' mother, the way we played with him an' petted him. There was no denyin' Dot of anythin' once he looked at you out o' those big blue eyes o' his. And the knowledgeableness of him! No wonder Jim Fairleigh an' his missis thought the sun rose every mornin' out o' the baok o' their boy's neck." Here Ward paused and queried, "Married man, sir?" "No," I replied. " No more 'm I," he continued, "or I don't B*pose I'd be here yarning a night like this." " It's a wonder," I said, " that none of these jolly looking Franleins about here have been able to take your fancy." "Well, to tell the truth," he replied with, however, a rather conscious expression on his face, " I think what those poor Fairleighs went through rather scared me of marryin'. " But, as I was savin', farmin' didn't seem to agree with my mate, Bill—that's him you seen at the claim to-day—spite o' his pasj experience, any more'n it did with me. He done the busi ness, by-the-bye, quite lately with a bouncin1 gal—Lieschen Hertzog—an' now stays at home o' nights. "We had a note or two left. We had also a crop o' potaters an' some punkins. But no one wanted 'cm —wouldn't buy 'era at any price. In fact you couldn't give 'em away in those times. " The Fairleighs an', I think, all of us, were pretty much in the same box. As I said be fore, it was time sometbin' turned np. "It was a wild night. Bill an' me was lyin' in our stretohers readin'. About 10 o'clock open flies the door an' in bolts Fairleigh drip pin' wet, no hat on, an' pale as a ghost, an* stands there like a statue, starin' at us, without a word. " « In God's name what's the matter ?' I says at last. With that he flaps his hands about so, an' sings out,' Dot's lost in the ranges!' " Tou may bet that shook us up a bit! Tou've seen the Broken Ranges for yourself, an' can judge what chance a delicate little kiddy like Dot 'd have among them rocks an' sorub on a worse night than this is. " That fool of a sailorman, if you'll believe me, an' his wife bad been out senoe dark searohin' for the child 'stead o' rousin' the settlement. Presently, to make matters worse, it appears that he'd lost the woman too—got separated in the scrub an' couldn't find her again. Just by a fluke, while on the Black Hill yonder, he'd caught tho glimper o' sparks from our chimney. He was covered with cuts an' bruises, an' goin' cranky fast when be got to the hut. [TO DB CONCLUDED HKXT WBKK.] 