EELIGHOTJS EDUCATION AND TEE KIDEUEN SISIEBHOOD, Alias'" The Church l.xtemion Association,' alias " The Sunday School Union, alias " The Education Union, TJkdee the Pateokaqe oe the Abes. op Cahtebbhbt ahd Tobk, abb the Bishops ob Eit, Likcoln, New- oastxe, Bipdh (I)', St. Aibabs, " tetteo, abb wakeeiebb. This Sisterbood-owBs or manages "four large Bchools in West London," and variouB schools at York, Salisbury, &c.;, as well as in the Colonies. It provides a series of publications for tbe instruction CI the young, and has tor its " Secretary for the Church Teachers' Tnion," Miss Charlotte Wordsworth. The names of its Patrons and Secretaries are published in three or four periodicals, managed by the Sisterhood, though the real Managers of the movement are not revealed. We are compelled to have recourse to the ofBcial publications oif the Sisterhood in order to find out what is the nature of that " Beligious " education of which the " Sisters " claim now to be, under their Episcopal patrons, the champions and apostles. At 5 and 6, Paternoster Eow they have a depository, where publications, approved by the Sisterhood, are now on sale. Among theii? most approved authors. Canon Carter, Superior of the Confratern ity of the Blessed Sacrament, occupies the post of honour, while Canon Knox-Little, iFather Benson, Father Osborne, Dean Bandall, Mr. Sadler, and other well-known Bitualists, have their writings regularly advertised. Besides these favourites, the Association has a long list of leaflets, tracts, and small manuals for the young and the uneducated, for which the Sister hood is itself directly responsible. In order to judge fairly we purchased at random a score or two of these educational and devotional works for the youngj and summarise the result. A secure founda tion is first of all laid for the " Beligion " of the Sisterhood by teaching the infall ibility of the Church. 'lesson Leaflet, No. 36," is a Cate chism which says; — " Q. Can we alw ays trust the Church's guidance P " -d. Yes ; it is impossible for the Church to lead us astray. , " Q. How do you know this ?' "A. Because the Church is Christ's body, and is guided by God the Holy Ghost Bimsell. \- " Q. And the Church cannot fail ? 'A. No; our Lord has promised that »f 8®'® shall not prevail against This comfortable doctrine is also taught in a dialogue in ridicule of " Bible Chris- tians,' between the "personally con ducted" convert . and his guide. EH: "I'd sooner go by what the Church thinks it means, than trust to my 'owii judgment, or yours, or even Bowler's." - . . Geoboe: "Because, the Church has thought it out, I suppose, and consulted a lot of clever people." By and by JiEM tells him : — " A tradition, George, is just a thing handed down from father to son, from Apostle to convert." Yet even " a lot of clever people " like the "spiritual" directors of the Ellbam Sisterhood may make mi.otakeB : how, then, is this to be obviated? By the doctrine of Apostolic Succession. An Infallible Church needs inspiration. This accordingly is cleared up in " Blis- sion Tract, No. 10," which says (p. 3) : — "Our Lord coming to the Apostles, who were henceforth to be the active agents in the Body of Christ, ' breathed on them, and saith unto them,.Beceiveye the Holy Ghost ' (St. John xx..22). As each child is born into the world he is made partaker of the breath of life for natural purposes, not directly, but through his parents. And so, when priest after priest is admitted into the sacred ministry, he partakes of this second divine breathing, not directly, but by means of his spiritual Father,, the ordaining Bishop. But the one mystery is no greater than the other : the natural generation has not failed, why should the spiritual fail P " Hence their " Notes of instruction to candidates for Confirmation" says (p. 24) the Church is called "Apostolic" " Because governed by the Apostles and their successors ... "We see from the punishment of Korah (Num xvi.) how jealous God guards the priesthood from intrusion. Nothing but ordination by a Bishop, whose ordination. has come, down from the Apostles, can possibly make a man a priest. Dissenters have no minis try." On this view the infallible Church turns out to mean the infallible priest, or rather, his inspired "Father," the Bishop. Yet even the layman, it seems, comes in for a share of the Holy Ghost, though "not directly." The Bev. C. E. Woolmer, m.a., in his Tract, " The doctrine of Confirmation plainly stated," p. 6, bids us — "Note that as the Christ was bom of two parents, the earthly Mother and Heavenly Father, so, too, the Christian is born of two parents, the Holy Spirit and mother Church, out of whose font of water and blood he is regenerated." Thus "Mother Church " is the " direct" author of our spiritual life, and " She " can do greater things than these ! " In Holy Baptism, a wedding garment is given to the baptised. If this garment be soiled by sin, it can only be renewed by Conversion and Bepentance, when in Absolution, God's servant is ordered to ' bring forth the best robe and put it on him.' " — Mission Tract No. 3, p. 2.) " By absolution our chains are struck oflf, and we are set free from past sins. It would be a dreadful thing to die with a chain round our neck of sins committed so many years ago." — Leaflets for Sunday Schools 5th. Serious, No. 18.) In Tracts on the Teaching of the Church of England, No, 1., are given the usual " scriptural " vouchers for auricular confession, viz. Num. v. 6, 7, (which related to confession previously made to_ God in private) ; Josh. vii. 19, 21 (nhich related to a plea of guilty before tho magistrate, who was not a priest at all), the confession of sins made by John's disciples (before "the Keys" were instituted), the converts of Ephesus (Acts xix. 18, who behaved like "Wes- lejans at a "class meeting"), and the statement that "confess your faults one to another " (James v. 16) meant " that is, to the priests"! This method of expounding Scripture so as to gain power for the Priesthood, shews the value of the previous foundation-laying by the Sisters, of the Infallibility of the clergy. Nothing is to be had " directly " by laymen, but only through the clergy and clerically administered sacraments. " On repentance we are reconciled and reunited to God by means of Holy Bap tism, or, if already baptized, by Absolu tion. The reconciled soul is then fed with the Fruit of the Triee of Life in the other great Sacrament, of oiir Lord's Institution." Mission Tract, No. 1, p. . Such Confession is virtually obligatory, :and mtist be followed by "Penance" directed by the (Absolving) Priest. Hence in pardon and Peace (p. 26), and again in worship for Children of the Church (p. 26), tbe child is bidden after enumerating all details, " ask pardon of God,and'of you Father, penance, counsel, and absolution." The Tract on the teaching of the Church of England, No. 1, before referred to, puts it thus (p. 12.) " Before a priest could form any opinion as to the enormity of a penitent's sins; the confession must be made . . . added to tbisj the Church would seem rather to teach us that all sin ought to weigh upon the consicence of the child of God." Snch being the case it is surely a hollow mockery to tell the " child " that he may please himself whether he comes for Absolution or not I The system of " Direction," which even Mr. Gladstone has denounced, is not obscurely hinted at in a form printed for the Association, which, (under a red cross) furnishes a Besolutioo to be " signed in the presence of God " — " having been called by the grace of God to attend this Betreat, do solemnly (with the advice of the Conductor) make this resolution." A blank is left to be filled up with the pledge, which may be to never enter a dissenting chapel, never to attend evening Communion, to come to Confession regularly, or the like, as may be prescribed by the " Conductor." To one thus "religiously" trained it will seem but natural to be told that Lent is " God's appointed season " Leaflet for Sunday Schools, 5th Series, No. 16), and he will readily learn to practice the Invocation of Saints: for, in "the GflBce of the Guild of the Church Extension Society " the initiated sing : — " The glorious Saints for ever blest, Who stand before God's throne, Will hear amid their endless bliss The feeblest infant's moan. The nearer that they are to God The deeper burns their love : ' How many helpers then we hare In that bright world above." As yet we have but reached the outer court of the Bitualistic temple: the inner shrine is yet to be approached. The object of worship, the "centre of wor ship," as the phrase goes, in the religion of the Kilburn Sisterhood is the conse crated wafer and its propitiatory offering as the sacrifice of the Mass. For this is the teaching of Mission Tract No. 7 on Faith. "Faith," says the Holy Spirit, "is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen " (Heb. xi. 1). Now what are tbe things not seen, which the faithful soul hopes for, now and in eternity, but the presence of God P The truly faithful soul cannot but be a believer in the Beal Presence of Jesus in His own Sacrament of Himself. . . , Jesus is present in his Sacrament. Faith believes that He is there (p. 3). " The bread and wine meet the eye in all the reality of their existence; yet, hidden from the eyes of the flesh, and concealing His mysterious presence beneath these outward veils, there is present Jesus Himself, God and Man, one Christ, in all the fulness of His sacred Person." (Tracts on the teaching of the Church of England, No. 2, p. 16 ) The words of the 28th Article, that " the body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten in the Supper," are explained in the same veracious Tract, thus, (p. 5.) " given, i.e. by the Priest ; and taken, i.e. into the hands." Yet the writer forbears to add, " eaten, i.e. with the teeth " I Number 9 of the same series declares of the "eating" spoken of in John vi, that — " St. Paul confines this eating and drinking to the Bread and IVine in Holy Communion, 1 Cor. x.-16." ... If we draw near to Him, though He still hides' His Godhead (as of yore under the form' of Mary's child, so now under the elements of the Bread' and "Wine), yet He feeds us with His life" (p. 4). A tiny form for pasting into the Prayer Book, " Devotions in Church for those who are present at the celebration of Holy Communion, but do not receive," directs the Skcrament to be received' fasting, and says " af ter the .consecration the iiroper attitude is that of eitheir kneeling or standing, until the service ie over," and furnishes a hymn— " Prostrate I adore Thee, Deity unseen, Who Thy glory hidest 'neath these shadows mean." But this is outdone by Efymns for the children of the Chwrch, in which their " religions education " takes the shape ef learning to sing— " The outward forms of bread and wine Are all our eyes can see ; But faith beholds the Plesh and Blood The Soul and Deity. -i The Lamb of God Who once was slain. Here on the Altar lies ; Bather, for all the qaiok and dead. Accept this Sacrifice." (ffymn 86) The refrain or chorus to the above is— " My soul, fall prostrate to adore, ' " In lowliest worship bent ; Each day I live, I love Thee more. Sweet Sacrament I Sweet Sacrament I'V ; Hymn 91 is addressed to the same breaden deity. " When the bread is broken. And the wine outpoured. We, with tbe Apostles, Cry, ' It is the Lord.' " A Plain Guide to ihe Solu Communion (p. 28). , "I offer up to Thee by the hands of our great High Priest, Jesus Christ Thy Son, the Sacrifice of His Body and Blood, in union with the Sacrifice which He offered to Thee upon the Cross . . to obtain pardon and remission of all my sins," <&c.; This " sacrifice " is not merely distinct from that of Calvary, it preceded it. Hosanna to the Son of David, a service for children, contains this— "Prayer. "Hail Jesul who out of Thine exceeding love didst, on the very night before Thy crucifixion, first offer Thyself to Thy Father as a Sacrifice for sin, and then didst give Thy Flesh and Blood to be eaten," &c.; (p. 14). Hymn after hymn sets forth the glories of the Mass, and the child's "religion" mainly: consists in looking forward to becoming a communicant, or as Hymn 45 9f Mynins for the Little Ones aayB " O happy day ! O happy hour ! My Lord, I long to see That blessed moment, when Thy Priest Will give Thyself to me." At p. 62 of TPorship for Children of the Church, they say : — " And when Hie dear Presence wo wish to enjoy, We may gladly and thankfully go To that holiest place, where the Lord of all Every blessing is wont to bestow. grade. 0 1 then to His Altar we'll often repair, . Where by faith His kind face we shall sse. And shall hear His sweet voice, as He- says to us there, ' Lot the little ones come unto me. " This idea is expanded in a Meditation before the Blessed Sacrament. A Crucifix is depicted, and Jesus is described as saying:— " My child, you need not know much in order to please me; only love me dearly. Speak to me as you would talk to your mother, if she had taken you in her arms." The child thus " religiously " instructed soon learns to address its worship to the Crucifix or to the " blessed" Wafer, especially if a nice red lamp is always kept burning in front of it to help what the Sisterhood call its " Faith." "Shall we not love thee. Mother dear, Whom JesuB loves bo well?' .And in Hie temple year by year. The joy and glory tell ? " So commences Hymn 52 of Symns for the Children-, but as the child warms with the subject, more direct adoration is tendered:— " And as He loves thee. Mother dear. We, too, will love thee well : And in His temple, year by year. Thy joy and glory tell." On the feast of the Presentation,.Hymn 55 exclaims: — "Joy! joy! the mother comes."' And the Queen is attended by her cour tiers. "Saint Joseph follows near. Lost in adoring love, . , , While Angels round about j , In glowing oircles move, ' y iAnd o'er tbe Mother broods V' The everlasting Dove " Leaflet for Sunday Schools, Whitsun Bay, depicts the Virgin as seated in the midst, the dove hovering immediately over Her head, which is snrmounted by a halo and by cloven tongues as of fire. Tht Banner of Faith, one of the organs of the Sisterhood puts before the young its rationale : — " As the holy of holies was the most sacred spot in the temple, for there Jehovah vouchsafed 'His more immediate presence between the cherubim on the mer seat, so the altar is the most holy place in the Christian temple, for there, under the forms of bread and wine, onr Divine Lord vouchsafes His saoramental presence in a wonderful manner to the eye of faith. Are we not right then in adorning our altars with the brighest and best of our offerings, seeing what it is and Whom we meet there in His own special ordinance." — Banner of Faith, August, 1892, p. 175. , Beatons for Ritual advocates Incense, lights, wafers, vestments, Ac. : — " Incense has the strongest possible Kriptural authority, and on this account is used by several dissenting bodies. The Church of England in accepting the Holy Scripture, is pledged to its use." 