SPOET AND PLAY. Br " OLYMPUS." Tim batting and bowling averages that have been published in connection with the Intercolonial Contests tend to prove that George Giffeu is fur and away the best all-round cricketer in .Australia at the present tim?. In batting he lias compiled MS runs in eight completed innings, iiis highest individual score, being 3HI, and his average r>hf>0 per innings. Harry Moses and .Tack Harry are both ahead of the stalwart South Australian with averages of (iOaO and 59 50 respectively, but then they only batted in four innings—or one-half the occasions on which Giffen displayed his prowess. Along with being thirdin the batting averages, "Walter's Brother" came out seventh amongst the bowlers; behaving sent down no less than 2102 balls for 705 runs and 33 wickets, or an average of 2318 runs per wicket. Htighey 'I rumble is top with 22 wickets for 299 runs from J:371- balls—an average of 13 50. Then comes the 'Dimboola Infant"—yclept Jiui I'hillips—who upset 13 applecarts with SOI balls at a cost of 228 runs—an average of 17"»3. Charley Turner was unable to deliver more than ISSN balls, off which 234 runs were scored, each of his 12 wickets costing 1!) 50 runs. Bob M'Leod was the only trundlur to in any way Approach GitVon with regard to the number of halls bowled; 17!>3 being his "delinquisliuient " for -Htf runs and 22 wickets —the panning out being 20'3<>. Harry Donnan was much, about the same as regards cost per wicket (20'Ha), but then he was only responsible lor 3(j0 halls, oil which 140 runs were scored for 7 wickets. The volatile Coningham finished " halfa-dozenth " alter all, thanks to the slaughter he wrought amongst the South Australians recently in Sydney his 11 wickets being oht&ined; for 250 runs off ;>r>8 balls—an average of 22'72. THUS Tommy "Felix" in last week's .iitslralaxia n:—"I learn that the Australian Eleven men were so delighted with J. Harry's all-round form in Adelaide that they expressed regret that he was not in the team. It is not yet beyond the bounds of possibility that he may yet be sent, for." The fact, of the Australian Eleven Men (!) (a number of whom were hardly out of their swaddling clothes when Jack Harry was a prominent cricketer at Bendigo) waking up at the twelfth hour to the fact that he could display good all-round form is quite on a par with the siveet simplicity one would have to display to at all " catch on " to the idea that there was even a Million to One show for Jack Harry to be " yet sent for." No ! No! You know ! Fourteen's Company! Fifteen's None!" The Divvy, dear boy! The Divvy! Too many cooks would undoubtedly interfere ivitli the " Thickness " of the Mint Sauce. THERM was A goodly gathering of spectators on the Fitzroy Cricket Ground on Saturday to witness Fitzroy and Melbourne try conclusions, there being just an off-chance that if Melbourne experienced a disastrous defeat whilst North Melbourne piled up a big average against South Melbourne the Premiers of last season would have to be content, with second place at the end of this. Melbourne were considerably weakened through the enforced absence of Bruce, Blackham, Trumble, R. M'Leod and Phillips; but as a sort of counterbalance Fitzroy were deprived of the services of their skipper, Jack Worrall, who had the misfortune lo rick bis side when playing against. South Melbourne. In his absence Hastings captained the local team, aud being fortunate enough to w in the toss he sent Leydin and Hannah in to withstand the attacks of Kelly and O'Halloran. Hoth batsmen soon got, to work, Leydin most -i renuously, until after making 1-1 he snicked a fast 'un off Kelly into the slips and was splendidly caught by O'Halloran. Tarrant and Hannah then became associated, but the partnership dn't last long, as with the total at 31 Hannah i>ll a victim to the dexterity of Dinny Cotter lichind the sticks (off O'Halloran) for 15. Bob Mitchell was the next Maroon to stride forth to o or die, and it, turned out to be the "do as ntween lie aud his " pard " no less than 104 runs ere added to the score; Tarrant, who had given masterly cxluhitiun of cricket for 4-t, being unfort unate enough to kick a ball from Kelly on to his wickut after playing it. Hastings rattlc?d iip 15 in quick sticks, hut was then bowled by Wilson ; whilst Lumsden, who followed, expericed a similar fate before he could break his luck." Fox only made 4 when he was run out; ut the next man, E. Brooks—a recruit from the hmond City Club—displayed excellent defence along with considerable punishing powers. As it nppened, though, lie was put in rather late, Mitchell's fine innings of 10(5 being brought to a nclusion (clean bowled) by Kelly shortly after tin- Boyle aud Scott Junior had appeared on the ue, the consequence being that after Jack M Kirdy had been caught by Kissling oil O'Halran for 17, and George Beecharu found Dawkius lily too willing to assist Wilson in retiring him 2!), E. Brooks was—like Alexander Selkirk— »Uie in his glory with 22 opposite bis name. "I'lie Fitzroy first innings closed for 2S2 runs, Wilson capturing three wickets for 515 runs; Kelly, four for K<>; and O'Halloran, two Kti; neither Irwin, M'Lean nor Ajtken <1 able to secure a solitary scalp. Meliiiairno commenced operations by sending in otter and Irwin, but the fates were not propitious in so far as friend " Dinny " was conned, as after he had made a single Tarrant 'aught him brilliantly at luid-on off M'Kirdy. Hurry Irwin and Charley Ross succeeded in Playing out time, the former having 2 to his M'dit, and the latter 5; Melbourne having one fi< k«t down for 7 runs. "WANTED a 'Tosser.' Apply E. E. Bean, 'cretary North Melbourne Cricket Club, prior to my premiership contest between North Mel- "jurne and South Melbourne." Do yon know Vie is every probability of such an "ad." as lilt appearing in the daily Press if the North Melbourne skippers don't mend the error of their lys and provide themselvers with " greys" fore attempting to spin the coin against Captain fc™m and Co., inasmuch as it is on record that on every occasion for the la;t four hundred and forty-four years that the rival captains have tossed, the South Melbourne covey has always been " top dog " in the transaction. Last Saturday, even although the tryst wns at North Melbourne, and Dick Houston felt awful strong in the arm (not, having attempted to so much as lift the little finger of his right hand for quite a long tiuio now) ho was euchred by the white-headed boy, and had to take the field, whilst Sam Morris and Ingleton wielded tlie willow. They began to wield it right from the jump coo; as a result of which Morris gave George bean a chance at IS, but the fieldsman failed to negotiate it; whilst at 28 Ingleton was badly missed by Harry Stuckey at long-field-on. These, proved two disastrous "mulls," as neither batsuien thereafter gave the ghost of a show until the total had reached 72. when Maplestone rocked in a " catapulter," which broke through Ingleton's, defence, and sent his oil stump prone, the retiring batsman having made 44\. "Mape" was bowling with rare good judgment and great pace just about this time, the outcome being that " Sonny " Elms (who followed Ingletcn) and Morris were a bit unsettled at times; Elms eventually falling a victim to the "Parkville Chicken " for 22. Mortis knocked up 37 before he retired (bowled George Stuckey); but it was not until Bowman took possession of the crease that the Northerners' troubles fairly culminated. The South Melbourne captain was in his veiy best form, and albeit A. E. Trott (bowled Arnistiong.K) and Waugh (bowled George Stuckey, 5) failed to make any lengthened stay, he found a trusty betichtmn in another recruit, from the junior ranks named Harris, who was still his vis-a-vis when stumps were drawn for the day ; Bowman being then SO and Harris IK. with the South Melbourne score standing at 1!)7 for the loss of five wickets. THEUK. seemed to be a deal of uncertainty as to whether the crucial contest between University and Kiehmoud would take place on the University or Richmond Cricket Ground, and to this fact I attribute the small attendance that, witnessed the commencement, of the struggle on the University ground. The winning or losing of this particular contest means the upraisal of either University or Carlton into A Division next season; and as both clubs are at present ou an equality so far as wins and loses are concerned (each having five wins and two defeats to their credit), whilst in the matter of averages University have a decided advantage, the doings of the respective rivals should certainly have proved more attractive than up to the presentseems to be the case. Richmond were first to bat, and commenced, in a most inauspicious manner; Haddrick poking his leg in front of the wicket to the first delivery begot from Trumble, whilst Whitehead, after scoring .:!, was snapped up at the wickets by Johns off M'Leod. But when Percy Lewis and Tatchell got together it quickly became evident they meant business—and nothing hut business. From 3 up to 2U1 was the score carried without any separation being effected, albeit the University bowling was excellent aud the fielding fairly good. With bis score at ,s:i Tatchell was dismissed, an excellent catch by Quirk at point, (ott M'Leod) bringing about his downfall. Green played very nicely for 13, wjien he, too, succumbed the same as Whitehead, Jolms (at the wicket) and M'Leod being the combination that proved the fatality supposed to attach to "the devil's number." Edwards got into double figures before the time for drawing the stumps anived, when the Richmond score stood at four wickets for 24ti, Lewis .haying, compiled no less than 124 of that number during an ipniogs which—if not altogether' free, from the •eletjieut of luck— stamped, the jeft^Jwiade^,specj^Aen of muscular Christianity as onij fob the. most dashing and effective'tlalsiiicn that ever listed for " block"" ou an Austra'jijCpycaicket ''tqiidi./ i MKM--lie onlv " poshed " !J Go it, Percy, old man ! You only want 22!) more to top Frank Laver's sensational Australian Ji-eeord, EVIDKNTLV believing in the Scriptural admonition of returning good for evil, the curator of the Williauistown ground provided an excellent wicket for the contest between Carlton and Williamstown, party feeling (which for a number of years was a dead letter between the seasiders and the north countrymen either at football or cricket) being somewhat embittered owing to the unsatisfactory decision of the pennant committee of the V.C.A, on the occasion of the last tussle between these clubs on the Carlton Cricket- Ground. This decision was so lame and impotent that the general body of the V.C.A. had no other course open to them but to re-hear the matter themselves, with the result that they decided one of the wickets had been tampered with (damped too much) and reversed the outcome of the match, which had been a win for Carlton, by adjudging the game to Williamstown. I mustcertainly £ive a number of the Williamstown team credit for not agreeing with the drastic action taken by the. V.C.A.; their idea being that the match ought to have been resumed again at the stage in which it stood when the third day's play was commenced. However, it is all over aud done with noiv ; the greatest contention against the procedure being that it was a terribly bal precedent to establish m premiership contests to penalise a team and (by iutcrence) stigmatise a curator without being thoroughly satisfied that there was neither loop nor hinge to hang a doubt on in the matter. To proceed to the second trial of cricketing skill between tliem. Carlton won the toss, aud Captain Anderson deputed Ellis and Warne to withstand the attacks of Hannah and Warren. The latter sent down three maidens in succession, only one run being scored in the first five overs. After this matters got a little more lively, Ellis hitting three fourers aud a 2, but then collapsiug through giving Hannah a possible chance in the slips off Warren, which he secured cleverly. Watling was very aggressive when he wont in, the gentle " quartette " finding most favour in his sight -, but when ho had totted up 34-, Aughtie sent him down a raugbtie-taughtie one which disturbed the equilibrium of his centre stump; the board then showing 2—34—WO. Watling had knocked his contribution up with seven 4's, one one 2 and a single. Harry Freeman was responsible for 41 prior to Charley Grubb bowling him ; but ere Anderson could get going the same trundler secured him by a magnificent catch off his own bowling. Pullar was caught by A, Grubb off Hannah after an addition of 25 to the general weal: after which Leith and Warne became associated, and held possession of the wickets for the remainder of the afternoon ; Warne carrying his bat for 132 (during the compilation of which only two or three really difficult chances—and these very early in the innings—could be urged against, him), whilst Leith's 27 was evidently but a forecast of better things in score on the 8th April; the Carlton tally now standing at five wickets for 2K1. OWING to the intercolonial (Cricket Match between Victoria and West Australia, which comnienccs on Saturday next on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, the resumption of the premiership pennant- matches will not take place until Saturday, 8th April. ANU in connection with the visit of the West Australian team, who will arrive at Spencer-street on Friday morning per the Adelaide express, I am glad to find that, in defiance of all opposition, Honorary Secretary F. D. North has carried out his project, and landed a band of thirteen cricketers on the shores of the Eastern Colonies anxious and capable of striking a home blow on he-half of our cousins in the West. At a meeting of the team (prior to their departure) at Strickland's Hotel, Perth, on Monday, 13th inst., Mr. J. C. H. James, the president of the West Australia Cricketing Association, in addressing a few interesting remarks to them, said he felt somewhat embarrassed in the presence of cricketers, especially batsmen who might represent a very large number of runs and bowlers who might return to the colony bringing back with them the scalps of numberless victims from abroad. The team had been constituted in the face of great opposition,and detractors had delighted in holding the movement up as a laughing-stock, or rather in prophesying that they would return to the colony a laughing-stock. He held no divining rod, but he ventured to prophesy that the eleven would be as heartily received on its return as it was heartily sent ofl ; and lie would further prophesy that the detractors beforementioned would before very long change their tune and rejoice with the rest. One good thing he certainly hoped for West Australian cricket-, as a result of the visit, and that was that in future Australia.il Elevens the colony would have a place. THAT is a wish every true Colonial will endorse but in the meantime the visit of the West Aus" t ralians must only be construed in the light of an object lesson. That they can play cricket well has been fully demonstrated by their easy victory over a fairly strong eleven of the Adelaide Club last Thin sday and Friday. But they can hardly hope to compete successfully against Victorian cricket as slieisplayed in this yearof grace 1K93. Asamatter of fact, our visitors don't expect to do so; but they do Hatter themselves that when their tour is over they will be found not to have disgraced themselves—or, as some of their detractors sarcastically dubbed it, " made a laughing-stock of themselves " I well remember the time when Twenty-two of the Colonies had all their work cut out to prevent making laughing-stocks of themselves against the first All England Eleven ; and yet I hare lived to see the time when we could defeat " the pride of England" fairly and squarely twice out of three test matches. Who then will venture to predict the ultimate standard of excellence within the bounds of possibility for the cricketers of the West ? For as International Visits perfected our cricket, so assuredly will History repeat itself in so far as West Australia is concerned. On this mundane sphere the One Great Essential to Attain Success is—Pluck. And that, the cricketers of West Australia possess the National Characteristic and are proud • to exhibit it in the good old British fashion their presence amongst us proves to demonstration. The following are the component parts of the team F. D. North 11\. H. Orr | Metropolitan P. L. Hussey W. Bateman W. Back Fremantle T. Cullinau E. Bishop W. V. Duffy A. Moffatt West Perth H. Wilson E. Randall, Perth F. Bennett, York — Bird, Albany. THEIU Victorian fixtures areas follow :— April 1st, 3rd and 4th.—Victoria on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. April (ith and 7th.—M.C.C. on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. April 8th and 10th.—Victorian Juniors ou the South Melbourne Cricket Ground. April 11th aud 13th.—Geelong at Geelong. April 12th and 14th.—Ballarat at Ballarat. April 11)th.—Horsham at Horsham. THE following have been selected to represent Victoria against- West Australia next Saturday:— Bean, E. Morris, S. Carlton, J. Ross, C. H. Harry, J. Stuckey, H. Haddrick, A. H. Tarrant, A. Laver, F. Emergencies— Lewis, P. Trott, A. E. Mitchell, R. Maplestone, II. WITH regard to the " strained relations" existing between the Taniar and Launceston clubs in Tasmania, I have received a letter from Mr. A. J. Douglas, lion..sec. Tamar Cricket Club, in which he presents the reverse side of the picture. In simple justice to the Tamar Club, I will publish what Mr. Douglas has to say on the subject next week. FOR some years past there has always been an Easter Monday fixture (outside the football season) between Geelong and South Melbourne, which usually took place at Geelong. This year the same thing obtains, but as the South Melbourne Football Club are at,"low water" in the shape of funds, the tryst was fixed to take place on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground next Monday. Unfortunately, subsequent to that alteration the West Australian cricketers arranged an intercolonial match against Victoria for Saturday, Monday and Tuesday •. and as our visitors would require as Inn- a gate as possible, it has been pointed "out by Mr. Tlieo. S. Marshall, secretary oF the V.F.A. that a "kindred sport" was likely to be adversely influenced by the South Melbourne aud Geelong match taking place at the South Melbourne on the second day. An idea of bringing it off on Eight Hours' Day was mooted, but is hardly likely to find favour; the South Melbourne " powers that be " arguing that a football match in the afternoon could not possibly affect the attendance at the intercolonial cricket match in the morning, whilst at the same tims pointing out it was something more than probable that the whole of the takiugs on the South Melbourne ground during the two days' match between the West Australians and the Combined Juniors would be handed over to the visitors. T HAVE it on the authority of a Sydney confrere that in the agreement which the members of the Australian Eleven have signed it is provided that any of the team who shall render themselves incapable by " looking upon the wine when it is red" (or of any other colour, for the matter of that) shall forfeit a certain smn out of their share of the profits; for a second offence the amount is about half of the share -. and for a third offence the whole of the share will be forfeited. Consequently, if any of the Eleven should "turn about and wheel about and do just so" three times, be will only have his bare expenses paid. FOB the first time in many years Victoria has picked something like a representative crew for the Intercolonial raue. The following are the men whom Messrs. Goivdie, Upward i ndN cliolson have dropped upon, viz.:—Nicholson (Banks), Chamley, Yeomans and Enticott (Yarra Yarra), Powell and Morris (Albert Park), Dawson (Wendouree) and Davis (Mercantile), ff that lot don't row over the pick of the other colonies well, I shall be, to state it mildly, surprised. 1 haven't any objection to file against the seleciors, for, as I remarked a fortnight ago, they couldn't posssibly please everybody, and seven of the above crew are unexceptional. Neither have I a word to say against Davis, personally, as Number 2. He is a strong plucky oarsman, and will do his best. Still, I would like to remark that it seems a wrong course to overlook performances. I firmly believe in record as the great criterion of merit. The three Yarra Yarra men have recently done enough to warrant their selection, even if pant years were overlooked. Dawson's career is also his hest recommendation, while Powell and Morris showed at the Melbourne regatta the sort of stuff they were made of by winning the Seuior Pair in first-class company. Davis' record consists of four maiden races, all won at country regattas, and 1 cannot see how that is sufficient to place a man over the heads of, say, men like the bow of the Champion Four, with his list of twenty-seven victories of one kind and another, including half-a-dozen championships. But, notwithstanding this little fiaw, the selection is oil the whole a good one, and, now that it is made. nothing remains but to sink all jealousy aud work as one man for the coveted honour of the Intercolonial Championship. THE Inter-club Thirty-eight Mile Cycling Road Race, which took place from the Lincolnshire Arms, Essendon, on Saturday last, proved a most exciting contest, the winner turning up in A. Barrett (of the East Melbourne Bicycle Club), who was allowed 14min. start-, but actually covered the distance in 2 hours 15 minutes' actual ridiug time, to the intense astonishment of seveial hundreds of spectators who had gathered to witness the. finish. Barrett's performance was by far the fastest time, albeit he finished in splendid style,and comparatively without fatigue. Tbirtyfive out of the fifty originally entered accepted, and of these all but one came to the post. The two scratch men were expected to make a. very close thing of it for first place ; G. K. Uroadbent (of the Fernside Cycling Club) holding the 5U and 100 mile road records, whilst li. B. James (of the Southern District Cycling Club) holds the South Australian 100 mile road record. Unfortunately Broadbent met with a series ol' mishaps on the return journey, which put him completely out of the hunt; bnt James (whose time was the fastest of any of the unplaced competitors) was only beaten by H. Beeson (who had a handicap of 3inin. start) by half-a-wheel after a desperate finish. The winner (A. Barrett) will receive a cup, value .£<> 0s., and 40 per cent, of the entrance and acceptance moneys as well as a gold medal given for fastest time:—The other prizes were won as follows :—2. Cup, value i!4 10s., and 30per cent, of entrance and acceptance moneys—J. Parsons, Victory B.C., 20imn. start. Time, 2h. 24min. 34sec. o. Trophy, value 3s., and 20 per ceut. of same moneys—J. N. Farnsworth, Southern District C.C., 22min. start. Time, 2b. 34min. 4. Trophy, value £A 3s., and 10 per ceut.—T. Meddows, Fitzroy B.C., 17min. start. 5. G. Gardner, Footscray B.C., 28min. start, li. G. Barrett, East Melbourne B.C., IStnin. start. The machines ridden were all of the safety class, and with two exceptions were clad with pneumatic tiros. They varied in weight from 251b. to 501b., and were handicapped accordingly. The race was carried out by the following officials:—Judge, Mr. J. W. Scott; starter, Mr. W. Farrell; timekeeper, Mr. R. M. K. Gollan ; referees (at Melton), Messrs. S. A. Bucknall and Hay; (at Essendon), Messrs. R. M. K. Gollan aud A. D. Muirhead. 