"HUXLEY'S GHOST" AND ME. JOHN\ N. BIRRS. TO THE EDITOR, Sir—I note the letter of " John N. Birlrs" in your paper of to-day attacking roe moat virulently. I am full of brotherly love for "John N. Birks," but equally full of contempt unspeakable for the manner in which he con ducts his pestilent and mouthing agitation. Quoting nis own word, it would be "childish" to allude to his idiotic ravings, except for the mischief they cause to the simpletons he befools or misleads. Whether he be an anarchist, or whether he be an —begin the word with "a" and end with "s" —I do not care to enquire. He m a manner challenges me to write my own name. Does his brotherly soul wish to see my property destroyed by _ his unionist lamb3, after the fashion in which it was sought to destroy the steamer Wendouree, or my skull fractured by the same as I walk home from my work like that of Henty Martin on Circular Quay, Sydney, references to both which events appear in the same paper as hiB letter 1 ISot to mention many other oaEes of the like wickedness. I respeot self- denying hard-working men, I believe, much more than does "John N. Birks," but I have no respect for the mouthing agitators who, not working themselves, live upon the hard earn ings of those who keep them and whom they deceive to their ruin. When " John N. Birks" speaks of my simplicity in accepting what the Melbourne waiter told me, does he mean to say that such a thing is impossible ? Do we not daily see even h6re the leaders living on the fat of the land, sleek and comfortable, while the followers are starving 1 Let me express my opinion that it is fellows like "John N. Birks" who conduce to this sort of thing, and who are responsible for perhaps 15,000 men being out of employment who would accept fair wages except for the advice of misohievous agitators like I hold him to be. My brotherly love for "John N. Birks" derives much spiritual consolation from the thought that verily he and his like will be suitably chastened when the cataclysm that he is bringing about comes. His union lambs if they win will comfortably absorb his property, and if the other side wins they will provide him with a rope or a bullet, as may be found mo3t appropriate for the circumstances xinder wnieti he will b9 dealt witn, ~i am, ] &c; HUXLEY'S GHOST No. 2. July 12, 1893. 