WAS IT A GHu-T THhT MBS EL fl. JEV^KGS lives at No. 211 Main-street. Brid^epot, and Mi** Minnie Panofc boards with her. The house is &n; old one, bat in good order. One night early in December, 1891, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, aad entered the house laughing and talking. Bat as they went into the parlour the merry humour died oat of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming throngh the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in oue hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jeasiogs cime in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour, and all the door? and windows securely locked. *\ha* wa« it the women ? " Dnrine a r«vent p riod «>f ill hea't' ,' writes au Amer M « iri^-mi. 4 I had sep^ badly f »r several successive Out e fourth of tk-s - »«igh r <. ab'»u" two oVlo< k, f was suddenly routed from a doze bv what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as ehe looked fire years before, as she was leaving home to g^ on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. T beli-ve that vision citne fmm my weak n» rves. for I've never se»-n r sine *, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. "Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves wid plav off on you when your system is out of condition- In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Hoad, Pokesdown, Haute, wrote us as follows:—" I. was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, ana in the morning felt very li'tl? the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and 1 was sick most of the time. "M y ekin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowds felt cold and dead. By*and>bve I had to He helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't kno w what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. *' I had given up all hope., when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as hadly off, and was cared by Mother SeigeTs Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medi* cine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs, vow X am as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food, acd all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nerroue pros* tration- The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and tkns fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 