A DOCTOR'S STORY. Grant Allen in the Speaker. Once in the course of a medical career of nearly fifty years I saved a patient's life. In other cases I have my doubts ; but in that one I'm certain of it. You'll take another cigarette ? What, no ? Then black coffee ! The patient was a lady— young, and not unpleasing. That gave me an interest in the case. She lived at Surbiton. I had never seen her before I was called in for this par ticular illness ; but one day her husband came to my house in Harley Street and wanted me to go down post-haste with him to look at her. He was particularly anxious to get a first-rate London specialist's opinion. They'd had a general practitioner down at their own place, he said, but that wasn't enough for him : he dis trusted G.P's. He insisted upon get ting the very best advice for her. A tall dark man, the husband, with keen deep-sunken eyes. He looked like a Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor. But what struck me most about him was the queer little fact that, though he expressed the greatest anxiety, and desired to show the deepest affection, I couldn't help feeling it was my opinion he wanted far more than my assistance, He laid great stress upon the point of my being an undoubted authority. Whatever I thought of the case he would know it was right. He didn't care about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors; he didn't trust their prognosis ; but if I told him his wife would live, he could be sure she would recover ; and if I told him — well, the worst — why, he knew he must accept it with resignation. (Cambric pocket-handkerchief.) I went down with him and saw her. She was very ill indeed. A most pathetic young woman. She roused my keenest sympathy. But it was the queerest case I ever saw in my life. I could make nothing of it. I told the husband she was seriously ill ; I doubted her recovery, she had sunk so low ; but I didn't understand it. His eyes had an inscrutable gleam in them when I told him that ; but he answered very anxiously, 'Can't you put a name to it ? It would be satisfactory at least to know what it is that's the matter with her.' ' No, I can't,' I replied. ' In the whole course of my experience I never yet saw anything like it.' His face fell a little. Long medical practice has made me observe the quick shades of emotion that pass over faces, 'I was in hopes that you would have understood it,'' he said, very slowly, with a hard look into my eyes, pointing each word with em phasis. ' It was for that I went to the best London authority. I thought these ordinary suburban men might fail to make it out, but that I was sure of an opinion from a great London specialist. They told me your forte was diagnosis.' Clever of him, I felt at the time, to try thus to work upon my professional pride and my professional suscepti bilities. He fancied he could force me or cajole me into giving it a name. That was decidedly sharp of him, but it overshot the mark. It gave me a first clue to the real nature of her illness. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no object, the affectionate husband said often. All he wanted was to be sure his dear wife had the benefit of the very best medical advice and assistance. The third day I was so puzzled I took my assistant down with me without telling him why. I sent him in to see her. When he came out I said to him, ' Well, Harvey, what do you make of it ?' ' I don't make anything of it,' he answered. ' I can't. It looks to me unique. I don't in the least under stand it.' ' Neither do I,' I replied, stroking my chin. ' That's why I brought you to see it.' We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assist ant said, very dubiously, ' The fact is, Sir Everard, it appears to me— ' ' Well ; go on, man ! Out with it !' ' Not a case of natural disease at all, but a case of poisoning.' Precisely my opinion,' I answered, giving a start. ' I brought you here to confirm it.' I went into the sick woman's room again. ' I want to ask you one question,' I said, in as soothing a voice as possible. ' You may think it an odd one. Is there anybody who would benefit in any way by your death ? ' She gazed up at me feebly. ' Not a soul,' she answered. ' All I have in the world I've left by will to dear Archie.' That settled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the dining-room. The husband was there, sitting uneasily by the window. He looked at me with an anxious face. ' Well, I've formed an opinion on the case at last,' I said, ' and so has Dr. Harvey here ; but perhaps it may dis tress you or annoy you to hear it.' He glanced nervously at my assist ant ; then at me in return. I had placed myself on purpose so that both our eyes were upon him from every angle. He shuffled in his chair. ' Oh, I'm prepared for the worst,' he answered with a sickly smile. "I know she can't recover.' ' Then do you desire me to give you the honest opinion I've formed,' I asked, 'at the risk of offending you ?' ' Yes, I want your opinion,' he answered ; but his lips quivered faintly. ' It's that that I called you in for.' I stared straight into his eyes. I fixed him with mine. He couldn't avoid them without catching Harvey's. ' Then my opinion is this,' I said slowly and distinctly : ' that if your wife dies — you'll be hanged for it.' He never moved a muscle of his face ; but his colour went with a rush — he was as white as a ghost in a moment. He rose with an effort. 'This is a mauraise plaisanterie,' he cried, 'at such a time as this ! A mauraise plaisanterie ! ' (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him at these critical moments). ' No plaisanterie at all,' I answered. very grim, ' but a simple statement of my medical opinion. Look here, Mr. So- and-so, we are two ; you are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she recovers, we will hold you answerable. You wanted the best advice. Well, now you have got it. Don't suppose you can deceive me by using a little-known poison. I won't let you murder her. Your wife must recover. I have my eye upon you. If anything ever happens to her, now or hereafter, I shall take good care there is full enquiry ; and so will Dr. Harvey. I say no more than thai. And I wish you a very good morning. To- morrow, when I come, I shall expect to see a marked improvement.' And so I did. She was decidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In a month she was at Harrogate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature ; and I allowed her to go on loving him. But I confess I was relieved when four years later he pro videntially broke his neck on the Schreckborn. It unburdened my mind of the responsibility of watching him. In other cases, I have my doubts ; but in that one, I'm confident I really saved my patient's life ; and I should think you agree with me. Explosive cartridges have appeared , to reveal burglars ; they are wedge shaped, and lit under a door or a shutter. The thieves, on forcing either, squeeze the cartridge, and an explosion, calculated to wake the dead, results. Beyond the noise, no harm results from the explosion. The following is not a conundrum, although it does, at first sight, seem slightly mixed. The father of Sir Arthur Hamilton Gordon, who has been made a peer, was married twice — first to a daughter, and secondly to a widowed daughter-in-law of the first Marquis of Abercorn — though it is somewhat peculiar that a marriage of a similar kind was about the same time made by a member of the Rose bery family. The present Earl of Rosebery's uncle in 1838 married the youngest sister of the second wife of his father — thus the fourth Earl of Aberdeen became the husband of his sister-in-law, and the Hon. Bouverie Primrose became the brother-in-law of his father. The following information may be useful. Spinach has a direct effect upon the kidneys. The common dandelion, used as greens, is excellent for the same trouble. Asparagus purges the blood. Celery acts admir ably upon the nervous system, and is a cure for rheumatism and neuralgia. Tomatoes act upon the liver. Beet and turnips are excellent appetisers. Lettuce and cucumbers are cooling in their effects upon the system . Onions, garlic, leeks, olives and shallots, all of which are similar, possess medicinal virtue of a marked charater, stimula ting the circulatory system, and the consequent increase in the saliva and the gastric juice promote digestion. Red onions are au excellent diuretic, and the white ones are recommended to be eaten raw as a remedy for insommia. A soup made from onions is regarded by the French as an excellent restorative in weakness of the digestive organs. 