¥Y (Ml ; TY p Sto*ntettaf+ 6 J b -I Weapons of Mystery, 'chapter xiv.' That is all I need write concerning tho book I have mentioned, i.e. descrip tive of it3 teaching. It turned my mind into a new ? ehan ... eel. The teaching seemed scientific and reasonable. If (.hero wero a God, v?ho ?was the Source of all life, He could, by give him such forces as would be superior to any other force. This was true, further, because all evil was in opposition to the laws of the universe, and thus the good must overcome the evil. This, however, I clearly saw : if I ?would possess the power of God in me, I must submit myself wholly and unreserv edly to Him. He had made me a free agent, and I must allow Him to possess me wholly. I will not describe wbat followed. It is too sacred a subject to parade. We cannot write on paper our deepest feel ings ; we cannot descr be in words tho yearnings and experiences of the soul. Were I to try I could give no adequate idea of my hopes and fears, my prayers and struggles. To realise my life, a similar condition must be experienced. I ask, however, that I may be be lieved when I say this : a month later I really believed in God, and soon I began to realise His power. I ? %lj; a new life growing in me, a higher lite. I began to be possessed of a power whereby I could conquer myself, subjugate my own ' , will, and be master over my passions. The reader may smile as he or she reads this, but this is true ; when I became possessed of a life whereby I became master of my lower self, I felt free from Voltaire's power. I realized that to be _ master over myself meant being a slave to none. ' I was free, and I knew it. A fuller, richer life surged within me, enabling me to rise above the occult forces of our lived within me, and confidence as to the future began to inspire me. ? CHAPTER XV. BEGINNING TO SEARCH. No sconer did I begin to feel freed , from Voltaire's power than I began to . exert myself to find Kaffar, if indeed he were to be found. There was much in my favour. I possessed freedom ; I bad plenty of money ; I had plenty of time, i On . the other hand, there was much against me. _ Was he alive 7 Were Voltaire's words true ? Had I in my mesmeric condition yielded to his will in such a degree as to kill the wily Egyp tian and hurl him in the pond ? Again, irhe were alive, where was he 7 Who conld tell 7 Snpposing ho had gone to Egypt, how could I find him 7 Possibly he had a thousand haunts unknown to me. I determined to go to Yorkshire, and soon found myself within the hospitable walls of Temple Hall. The house was very quiet, however, for which I was very glad. - I wanted to talk quietly with Tom ; I wanted to investigate the whole matter. When I had finished telling Tom my story, he seemed perfectly astounded. ?What, Justin !' he exclaimed, 'do you mean to say that the villain used such means to get you out of his road and win Misa Forrest for himself ?' ' I felt he was unscrupulous when I . first met him,' I replied. ' I am sure he guessed my secret, and determined to get me out of the way by fair means or We talked long concerning the mat ter ; wo fried to recall all that had been said and done ; but, in spite of all, we . could not hit upon any plan of action. 'Do you think she will marry Vol taire,' I said, after a short silence, ' if I cannot find Kaffar or prove that ho is alive 7' 4 1 am sure she will, Justin. Never did I meet with any one who has a higher sense of honour than she. I be lieve she would rather die than do a mean thing/ ' And yet,' I said wearily, ' I am al most certain I did not kill Kaffar. I can remember nothing distinctly, and yet I have the consciousness that I never struck him a blow.' ' And I, too, am sure you did not do this, Justin,' replied Tom. ' I felt that . ho was acting, in spite of the terrible evidence against you. But what is the . nse ? If you cannot find the Egyptian, he will marry Miss Forrest, and after that — well, all seems hopeless.' ' I shall not be hopeless,' I said. ' If he is alive, he shall bo found, and I will bring him -back, and she shall seo him.' 'Ah,, yes; and that reminds me, Justin, sho bade me tell you that she would be in her own home at Kensing ton until after (ha next now year.' This made me joyful in spite of every thing. She still had an interest in mo ; she still believed me innocent. ' By the way, Tom,' I s.ud, after another, short silence, ' have you found ont anything in relation to tho ghost which appeared here during my visit 7' 'Nothing definite. Stay, I forgot. Simon Slowden said ho had something particular to tell you when you came to Yorkshire again. I asked him the sub ject of this ' something particular,' and he said it was about (ho ghost. I tried to make him explain further, but conld not. ' I'll see Simon at once,' I said. ' I cannot afford to let anything pass with out examining it. Any littlo thing might give a clue to the mystery.' ' I sought Simon in the stable-yard, and found him as grim and platonic as . over. ' Glad to see yer honor,' said Simon, hastily. ' I've made up my mind scores of times to write a letter, but I hev had sich bad luck wi' letters, that I 'adn't the necessary' quantity o' pluck, you know.' ? Bad luck with your letters, Simon 7 How 7' . ' Why, yer sec, yer honor, af tor the tbedootor oxperinic nted on lnobywac :inating- rno ngin' small-pox, cholera, md the measles, together wi' 'copin' iouijli and several other baby complaints is 'ev a hinjnrious effect upon people as ev Out their wisdom teeth, you know as [ told yer honor that I caught that ere ,Yerry disease of small-pox which spiled ny beauty for ever. Well, as I told yer nonths ago, I went to the 'onsemaid for i mife o' comfort, and catches 'or a jourtin' with tho coachman. So I goes orne, and I says I'll write 'er a letter is would charm a dead duck in a sauce pan. So I begins my letter this yer way : ' My dearest dear,' I says, ' times es bad, and people be glad to catch any thing ; so I, thinkin' small-pox better than nothin', catched that. Forgive m% and I'll never do so no more. I'm cry in' all the day, a3 though I. got my livin' wi skinnin' onions. Relieve me, mydear, or my feelin's will be too much for me. They bo fillin' mo faster 'n I 3an dispose of 'em ; and if you don't leave that 'ere coachman and smile on me, I shall either go up like a balloon, ar else there'll be a case of combustion.' I went on that 'ere style, yer know, thinkin' she'd melt liko a h'yster in a fryin'-pan, but sho didn't ; and the next thing I hears wus that the coachman wnr at the willage alehouse readin' my letter. Since then I've guv up the tender passion and guv ap writin' let ters.' ' Well you have had bad luck, Simon; but perhaps you'll be be more fortunate next 'time. Mr. Temple tells me you have something to tell me about the ghost. What is it 7 ' ' You ain't a-sco that 'ere hinfidel willian since he went away from 'ere Mr. Blake, have 'ee 7 ' ' I saw him in Hyde Park one day, but have never spoken to him.' ? Well I'm in a fog.' 1 In a fog. How 7 ' ' Why I can't understand a bit why that 'ere ghost wnr a got up.' 1 You think it was got up then.' ' Certain of it, yer honor.' ' Well tell us about it.' ' Well, sur, after you left all of a hurry like we had a big party in the house, and all the servants 'ad to 'elp ; and no sooner did git in that 'ere 'ouse than I beginned to put two and two together, and I see a hindiwidual that I beginned to think war mighty like that 'ere ghost.' (To be Continued). 