Marvels of Electricity. Display at the World's Faik. The special correspondent of the Ooukier at the Chicago Exhibition Bends a most interesting lottor rogarding the marvellous developments of electricity to be seen at the Exhibition. Wo make the following quotations : — 'Tho moment one begins to write about mouern developments ot electricity all tho udjoctives iu the dictionary expressive of astonishment and admiration seom to muster themselves raidy for immediate use. After studying the wondore set forth in the Elootricul building of tho World's Columbian Exposition, one finds ic a hard task to write calmly and aedatoly of thu marvellous display. To the general observer the innnito varioty of the uses to whioh oleotrioty is put ooines asa revela tion. To the specialist, thooretiokl or practical thero is presented an almost bowil Uennjj aggrog.vi ion of tho must delionto iipimratus and banutifiil nvicliincry. It Iiub to bo romembored thai tho oxlu'Ution aa a whole is itself illustrative of the ro«mt advances mado by tho yuunue&t; ,,n,i groutost of the prao.ti.utd aoioiieei. When r.hu PariB E.\pQsi,tijou hung out 1100 aro lights *\nd arranged 0000 incandescent lumps; tho world folt improssud with thp murvolloi's achievement. Chicai'o. puts that effort completely in tho fclvwio,' litur ally as well ua n\orivulu-riou)ry, foe horo thc-re urn oQOfl aro lights and no fowor thUU UO.O0O incuudescont lamps Thu exquisite loveliness of tho night sooJW *hen the Court of Honour is t up ? *,n, - „,„* V1 Of oloctric lamps, do'ti.-- J *V™TL J' Ml\°r...icry, Elootriuily, mid Manufactures IUuudingH, tracing with linoi of firo tho GreoUii'liko peristyle, with its noble col umiw and magoittawti sw-?wowwh»h w^. ary, outlining TTu^ hoavoiw tho gcvc^l domoof the Admmiotwtion Building*, tho architectural gem by univerr.nl consent of «H tho World h inir Pakeos, running around tho marblo balustrades thut onoirolo tho gloaming waters of tho lagoon, shodding ovor lako and vordant turf and nnow-whito colonnades alike a nof t effulgonco fcliat paloo tho moonlight and is moro gritoful to tho sun — this is a scone that words cannot paint. It is moroovor a oceno that oloc tricity alone rondors possible. A bnnutiful accessory is the electric fountains, throw ing up columns of rainbow-huod water from which break clouda of spray gloaming now like rubies and a moment honco liko omoralda or sapphires. Skimming ovor tho lagoon and darting undor noutli the bridges aro silently gliding electric launches, which, sido by aide with tho picturesquo gondolas and gaily clad gondoliers, bring tlio old aud tho new so vividly togothor. Across tho field of ? view, gliding swiftly ovor the whole range of the Park liko so many ghost lights Bonding cones of effulgence across tho broad distant domes and minarets of tho Midway PlatBance temples and palaceB to gliston liko carvon pillars of snow, penetrating to tho silont prairie a score of miles beyond tho roaring city, and the cicantio search lights, which illustrate yet another triumph of oleotrioity. It is a grand and a glorious spectacle to contemplate with the eye, but a yot more wonderful pioture to impress upon tho mind, for so impressed it will afford for long days to como food for meditation on the boundless possibilities of electrical Bcience. 