BUNBURY NEWS. THE NEW ROADS BOARD. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) An agitation has been on foot for a considerable time, to get the Wellington Roads Board district divided into two, as the Ban-, bury folk maintain that the roads near the town are kept in a bad state of repair. A numerously signed requisition was presented to the Minister asking him to form a new Roads Board, to comprise all the roads within a radius of, say, five miles from town. After, some delay the Minister replied that he was willing to make the division, but the new board would have to take over all the roads in the Bunbury electorate. The people in and about town were willing to accept this condition, but before it was finally decided the Minister wanted to get the members of the Wellington board's opinion on the preposed change. The subject same up for his OABBion at the last mee tin g of the board, when Mr. Foster Johnson ex-chairman of the Board, moved that it was desirable to have a division of the board. Some of the members said it was only a few storekeepers who wanted the division, not the settlers. The motion lapsed for the want of a seconder. The people here are determined to have a new roads' board, and strong efforts will be made to get the Minister for Lands to fulfil his promise at an early date. PROPOSED DEVIATION OF THE BUSSELTON RAILWAY. The Government have finally decided that the roots of the Busselton railway shall not be altered. Last May a motion was brought forward in the Bunbury Progress Association to the effect : " That it was desirable, in the best interests of the colony, that the railway should start from a point a few miles from Bunbury and follow' a route which was surveyed some years ' ago, and known as Bob son's route, instead of going via Boyanup." An extrordinary amount of interest was excited, and some of the stormiest meetings ever held in Bunbury took place over the proposed deviation. It was, however, finally decided that it would be best not to ask the Government to alter the route. This, so far as the association was concerned, settled the matter. After remaining in abeyance for several months a few gentlemen, who were immediately interested in the proposed deviation, waited on the Premier a week or two ago when he was in Bunbury. The Busselton people took alarm. and at a large and influential public meeting, selected a number of gentlemen to wait on the Premier, and point out the futility of the proposed deviation. Some very plain speaking was indulged in, and no doubt was left on the Premier's mind as to what the Vasse people thought of the matter. The result is that no alteration will be made in the route, and a burning question which has caused no end of trouble and anxiety has been finally disposed of. ELECTION MATTERS. Political matters are beginning to be much talked of here. The general opinion appears to be that the elections, especially for the Lower House, will be particularly exciting in the Southern districts. The Wellington district is sure to be contested, and in all probability a well-known local man will oppose the present member. It will be a walk-over for Sir John Forrest for the Bunbury district, as no one would have the ghost of a show against him. In the Nelson district there are two likely candidates in addition to Sir James Lee- Steere, who intends to fight it at the polls with all comers. The Vasse electorate will also be contested by one who will spare no efforts to secure his return. There are three gentlemen named as likely candidates for the South Western Province for the Legislative Council. They are Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., Dr. Harvey, of Perth, and Mr. W. Spencer, J.P.," of Bunbury. During the next few months the work of registering voters will be carried out by the various Progressive Associations. ' Bunbury, December 4th, 