THE GOLDEN CAVES. By CHARLES B. LEWIS.—(" M. Quad. ') CHAPTER XVIII. The next three days were full of strange events. The party which set out from the waggon train to hunt for the canyon were certain that the one near which the renegades had encamped was the place they were looking for. Taylor and one of the renegades prospected down the valley and found a canyon which Taylor was sure contained the cave and its treasure. Both parties were working in the dark, but the waggonmen had the advantage. They knew the renegades for what they were, and also discovered that Taylor had joined them. Some of the men were for attacking them and wiping out the whole five to revenge the murder of the emigrant and his wife, but this the captain would not approve. He would lose a man or two at least, even if he won a great victory, and he did not forget that the might make their presence known at any moment. At the second visit paid the canyon above the renegades, the waggonmen penetrated far enough to be certain that this was the one described by Saunders. They would have investigated still closer but for the approach of a storm, which made them anxious to reach the shelter of camp. Strangely enough, the other party was just as firmly convinced thac the other canyon was the right one, and on the forenoon of the third day it was decided that they should move. Bob had told a big story to get the other party off up the valley, and as they had not moved the renegades did not know what to make of it. He could not see why they should question his veracity, but Taylor made the situation plain when he said : " Harkins has, no doubt, told them of the cave, and they are making a still hunt for it. Depend upon it, he has given the secret away, and they'll divide up the stuff if they find it." It was decided to hitch up and move down the valley at once. It would not do for Taylor to be seen, and he was to hide away in the waggon. Bob cooked up what he thought a very plausible yarn, and about noon Joe, who happened to be looking up the valley, saw the waggon a mile away. The rescued girl was at once hidden from sight, and the men in the camp quietly made ready to meet an attack. The waggon came on, three of the renegades riding their horses and the fourth driving, while the horses of the latter and the one belonging to Taylor followed the waggon. The vehicle could have passed the camp by fifty yards, but it drove up and halted within ten, and Bob called out : " Hello ! to all of ye again. I reckoned ye'd be up at the diggings by this time, but ye don't seem to keer for gold. I come out to guide these boys, who hev made their pile and are now headed for Brule. Didn't see anything of the lost gal yet !" The captain being absent with a party, Joe took it upon himself to answer. " We shall probably move this afternoon. The waggons had to be overhauled and fixed. So you've got gold in the waggon ?" " Gold 'nuff to buy half of Dakota, my friend. Sorry we can't let ye see it, but it's kivered up fur the journey. Meet any luck yet ?" " Only so so. Where did you get that bay horse ?" " I was jist goin to ask ye if ye had ever seen him afore. We met a chap named Taylor a couple of days ago, who was headed for the mines. He allowed he didn't need his hoss any longer, and I bought the beast for fifty dollars." "Yes, that is Taylor's horse, and I was wondering how you came by him. Was Taylor all right ?" " Seemed to be as pert as a cat. So ye are going away to-day ?" " That's what we expect." " Waal, I'm going on with the boys fur about twenty mile, and I may see you as I cum back. Good luck and good-bye." The little party moved off down the, valley, every renegade chuckling with satis- faction, and they were soon out of sight. Half an hour later the captain and his party returned, and dinner was quickly despatched and the teams harnessed for a move. By three o'clock a new camp had been formed in the mouth of the canyon. The waggons were run in out of sight, a wall of rock was piled up as a screen and defence, and in a little cave were found water and grass for the horses for the time being. It was well that they had moved with promptness and made things secure. Before sunset the rain descended in such torrents that the main valley was almost a river. A good-sized stream swept down the bed of the canyon and out into the valley, and within an hour the footprints of the horses and the tracks of the waggons had been obliterated. The storm lasted half the night, causing great discomfort in the camp, but the next day was not three hours old when everybody was made to realise that the storm was his salvation. Some of the men were still eating their breakfast when Joe, who had been down to the mouth of the canyon for a look around, returned and said : " Injuns till you can't rest !" " Where ? where ?" called half a dozen men. " In the valley. A band of at least fifty has just gone tearing by." The fire was burning clear and making no smoke, although it had been built against the wall of the canyon, in a place where the smoke would go filtering up among the trees. Every man was ordered down to the wall, and they reached it in time to see the last of the Indian band disappear up the valley. " What's your opinion ?" asked the captain of Joe as they stood together. " They are hunting for us. They've got word that we are in this valley, and they are trying to locate us. They probably expected to find us at the other camp." " Well, I hope they'll keep right on as they are going." " But they won't, captain. They know that we left that camp about noon yester- day. They picked up a dozen proofs of it. They believe we went straight up the valley. They'll figure that we couldn't have gone over ten or twelve miles when the storm broke. Five miles above this they will be looking for our trail. If they don't find it they will ride on five miles farther. Then they will discover that we did not go that way at all." " And then what ?" " They will come back looking into all the hiding places, and then we shall have a fight with odds of five to one." " I'm afraid so," said the captain, " and this time we cannot look for a rescue by the soldiers. The party which passed down yesterday has, no doubt, been butchered." " I think the reds struck into the valley by a pass farther up," answered Joe. " There would have been fighting, and we should have heard the reports of rifles. We must get ready. The mouth of the canyon was about one hundred feet wide. Seventy-five feet up it narrowed to fifty feet and made a bend. The waggons were in this bend and a wall had already been thrown across a portion of the fifty feet. Every man now went to work to extend this wall to a distance of thirty-five feet and to make it look like a landslide from the bank. Dirt was thrown in among the rocks, and bushes pulled up and set among them, and two or three of the men brought armfuls of vines and creepers and trailed them over the wall. It would not do to close up the entire width of the canyon, as the Indians probably knew of its existence. The wall made a strong barricade, and as the men surveyed it from the other side they pronounced the deception perfect. The test was at hand. They were yet at work when the advance of the Indian party was seen returning down the valley. They knew that if the waggon had come up the valley they had dodged in somewhere. " Every man to cover and lie low until I give the word," ordered the captain, and in a moment the gloomy mouth of the canyon was as quiet as a graveyard. CHAPTER XIX. The Indians were in truth looking for the waggons. Both parties had a narrow escape. Their presence in the valley had been detected by scout or stroller and information carried to some point from which a war party of seventy had been despatched to surprise and annihilate them. This party had come in by one of the narrow valleys and found the camp abandoned. The severe storm had obliterated all traces, and the Indians had gone up the valley to pick up the trail. As they returned they were riding at a slower pace, and were spread out the width of the valley. Would they look into the mouth of the canyon ? The query was answered five minutes after. Three warriors turned their ponies to the right and rode in to within ten feet of the stone wall. They rode its entire length and halted in the gap and looked up the canyon. The men were lying flat down on the earth, each clutching his rifle, and horses and waggons were just around the bend. Could it escape the Indians that the wall was artificial ? Must not their sharp eyes detect the figures hugging the earth ? It did not seem that the gold-hunters had one show in a thousand to escape detection, and yet they were not detected. After a halt of not more than a minute, though it seemed a quarter of an hour to each man, the trio of red skins passed on and the moment of peril was passed. A bit of natural philosophy stood between the gold-hunters and discovery. The Indians had turned into the gloom and shadow from the bright sunshine, and their vision was shortsighted and uncertain. Had they waited a little longer they must have seen something or other to arouse their suspicions, but they seemed impatient to get on. " Thank God !" whispered more than one man as the horses were heard moving away. In half an hour the gold hunters dared exult and plan. Two men were left at the wall as look-outs, three or four others were held as a reserve at the camp, and the captain, Harkins and Joe set out up the canyon to search for the cave of gold. When the darkness became so intense as to interfere with their progress they lighted torches, and a thorough inspection was made of both walls. The canyon extended into the mountain for a full mile, winding and turning, and long enough before it ended the pine trees met above it and prevented a single ray of light from descending. Nothing answering the description of the dying hunter could be found. He had said, as Harkins understood, " five miles to the right of the peak." Here was the spot. He had described the mouth of the canyon, and everything here bore out the description. He said that Bridger went up the canyon about a mile and then turned into a smaller one running to the left. There was no such canyon. The left bank was solid rock and earth from the waggons to the spot where the great rift stopped short at a flinty wall a thousand feet high. The mighty wrath had split the mountains thus far, but it could go no farther. Three times the men travelled from the camp to the end of the canyon, and then all were certain that Harkins had been mistaken. They sat down on a boulder in the bed of the canyon to rest and discuss the matter, while the single torch, secured in a cleft, hardly allowed them to see each other's faces. " Well, we have no right to complain, as we have lost nothing," said the captain. " Indeed, if we had not slipped in here not a man of us would now be wearing his scalp." " Wasn't the old man flighty in his last hour ?" asked Joe of Harkins, who seemed much cast down. " He gave no evidence of it ; on the con- trary, his mind seemed wonderfully clear to the last." " Perhaps he said to the left instead of the right of Custer's peak," suggested the captain. " No, I am sure he said to the right, but he may have meant the left." " It's no use crying over spilt milk," laughed the captain. " If we have lost the cave we have saved our scalps. I'm inclined to think the old man misspoke himself. I believe those renegades gave this place a thorough looking over, and are now in the canyon there. If the cave is there they have got the gold ere this, and that ends it." Harkins sat with bowed head. He had felt so sure that old Saunders told the truth that he hated to give up the search. There was deep silence for a moment, broken by a whisper from Joe : " Great heavens, but what is that !" They were near the wall which formed the end of the canyon. All raised their heads and looked into the darkness and saw a faint light shining out like a star. At the same moment their ears caught the sound of many voices chanting in low tones, and a strange, weird music filled the heavy air. " Hush—sit still !" whispered the captain as Harkins seemed about to spring up. Then from the face of the solid rock issued forth a strange procession of strange shadows —shadows which moved in double file right past the trio down into the blackness of the canyon toward the waggons. The one who led the procession carried what looked like a banner. Behind him was one who seemed to carry an urn. Then came four shadows which bore a bier, and those who came after had their faces upturned and were wailing and chanting. The men saw and heard and realised, but were chilled and powerless to move. Can the dead come back to earth ? Do the ghosts of those who have gone before gather in the shadows and the darkness and hold reunions? Chant ! Chant ! Chant ! Out from the solid wall—a wall in which the sharp eyes of the gold hunters had failed to detect a crevice large enough to conceal a squirrel—poured the strange, queer spectres, and down into the darkness marched the procession. March ! March ! March ! Their feet kept time to the wild, weird chant, but not the sound of a footfall came to the ears of the living. Each ghostly figure stood out separate and distinct, but not a face could be seen. " We are doomed men !" groaned Harkins, as he covered his face with his hands to shut out the sight. '' Aye ! We shall never leave this spot alive !" added Joe. " Hush, men !" whispered the captain as he raised his hand. " They are dead, true enough, but they are the dead of a thousand years ago—of the cave dwellers and the Aztecs. I have seen them twice before, and they brought no bad luck. Here they come on the other side !" The three were seated on a rock in the centre of the rift. The head of the spectral procession had gone down the canyon several hundred feet and then turned to come back on their left, passing them again within a few feet. March ! March ! March ! Chant ! Chant ! Chant ! Soft and low and sweet came the notes— like the murmur of the August breeze in a forest pine. The feeling of awe was crowded out of the hearts of the living, and a feeling of sadness and reverence crept in. It was the dead burying its dead ! March ! March ! March ! Never the echo of a footfall, never the touch of skeleton foot to the flinty rock. The ear caught no sound but that of the ghostly voices chanting in unison. And of a sudden he who headed the spectral procession swerved to the left and disappeared into the solid wall and was followed by the long lines until the last had been swallowed up and lost sight of. And then, as silence and darkness reigned again, the captain said : " Men, we have a treasure here. Examine that wall and you will find an opening to a cave behind it." 