ELECTORAL NOTES. The electoral commissioners are taking evidence with respect to tho boundaries of certain electorates about which objections have boon received. The commissioners cannot extend the period for tho receipt of objections. The time expires to-day. The Good Templar Convention of the Lower Clarence has decided to support no candidate at the general election unless ho is pledged to full local option without com pensation. Alderman George Anderson, J. P., is a pro. bablc candidate for the new electorate of Waterloo, He is a staunch freetrader. The name of Alderman Spring, J.F., Mayor of Darlington, is spoken of as a freetrado caudidata for tho West Redferu scat. Tho Newcastle Municipal Council does nob desire the inclusion of .Stockton with New castle Past, 011 tho ground that the labor vote would dominate the commercial volo. Tho Newcastle Chamber of Commerce declines to oiler an opinion, as it is a non- political body. It is held that Stockton and Carringlon should form one electorate, their interests being identical. The commissioners bavo agreed to retain Rivertree silver mines as part of Tonterfiold. Cowra lias entrusted certain desired altera tions to Mr. Donnelly, M.l\, for representa tion to the commissioners. Moama, being used to being cm a border, lias no objections to urge against the Denili quin boundaries. Kiama wants Khcllhurbor and Jamberoo, and won't bo happy till she gets them. Bowral accuses Moss 'Vule of being the sole objector and foTnentor of objections to the new electoral divisions of Bowral. Booty-hill, Mount Druill, and Colyton are surprised and vexed to find themselves in Sherbrooko instead of in the Nepean. Coh ton wants to be a polliug place for tho Ncpcitu whether or no. Maclean, usually a startled and ghost- haunted sort of place, accepts the new Clarence quietly-— as there are 110 material alterations from the old. J unco wants t o be an electorate by itself, us most of the people of Narrandera own allegiance to it us a centre. Mr. Frank Cotton will rim for South Newtown and Mr. Ilindle for Newtown Rust. Mr. Richards Dennetts is announced for the new division of Canterbury in the free- trade interest. The fortnight within which objections to the scheme of redistribution of seats can be sent in expires to-day. The objections received by the commis sioners have not been particularly numerous, nor very pronounced. Many of the objection.'! have simply re lated to the names given to districts. Municipal councils and members of the Assembly have been the must active in formulating objections. 