ABE WE LESS PATRIOTIC ? Is patriotism on the decline among us ? Mr. Bryce, M.P.; in an able speech; de clared that it was, deplored the alleged fact, and suere'eated a remedv. If this be the case, England is singular among the nations. To speak only of the greater countries, the Erench, the Germans, and the Americans, these may be described just now as almost intoxicated with nationed pride. The cultured American of the Boston type will, it is true, some times smile at Fourth of July eloquence, but in the Cml War he showed that he shrank froni no expenditure of blood .or treasure to avert the disintegration of his country. To look nearer home, Walep and Ireland display a patriotism, which, u neither intelligent nor beautiful, is loud and emphatic, and any English statesman who prbposed interference with her national institutions or prejudices of Scotland would soon find that the thistle mth. its Nemo me impune lacessit, .'vr&a; still' the Scotsman's crest and motto.' Is England;-then, the one exception ? The feeUng about Uganda woulAv seem. , to prove England no , exception ? The feeling about Uganda would seem to prove England no exception. Neerthe- leas few obaervant peraons will deny that Mp. Bryce's warningB are not uncalled for, and that these are indications of a falling off in patriotic spirit and in that national pride over the greatness and the glory of our country which was so ronspicuous in pur forefathers. Pop this condition of national tempep vapibus reas ns are given, such as emigra- tion,'the increase of foreign trade, our extended intercourse with people of all- rations, the spread of our trade over the world, .and our immunity for nearly a century from all serious fears of invasion. Any '-danger of invasion would prove a reviver of patriotism sharp and painful, but. potent. The first appearance of a hostile fleet; off Portsmouth or Liverpool would ' instantly recal ; the old patriotic sentiment and unite all as one man, just as they were united in 1803. Has not, indeed, the threat of disruption of the empire by Home Eule excited the hearts of Englishmen, so that England voted un> mistakably again Mr. Gladstone at. the last election P But there is another cause of temporary decline, if not in patriotism, yet. in the display of it, which we have not enumerated above, and to which Mr. Bryce did not advert. "What, after all, do we mean by " the country ? " What is "England," or rather, "the United Kingdom?" Is it not a group of islands in the West of Europe, and the summits of a mountain range that rises a little above the surface of the Atlantic Ocean ? Are not these islands places little remarkable for beauty or fertility, or; for the amenity of their climate, when compared with some countries P Be it so; yet what our forefathers loved and were proud of, and what we should love and be proud of still, is something far more than this. It is a polity, a history, institutions built up by the long and anxious efforts of patriots and statesmen, the memories of a great past, the hopes of a still nobler future, and, above all, freedom, religious as well as civil. It was of these things our ancestors thought when they gloried in being Englishmen, and when they sang their ".Eule Britannia." Some of their views on these heads were, it must be confessed, sadly unenlightened. Our forbears were often illiberal in their notions about foreigners. But are we not in danger of going into the oppposite extreme P Sixty years of criticism and reform, much of it, indeed, needed and beneficial, while bringing about mauy changes for the better, have produced a habit of mind that has greatly shaken our reverence for the historic past, and has consequently impaired our sense of corporate existence. Thousands of platforms have rang with attacks on almost every institution that is characteristically English, so that two generations of Englishmen have now grown up accustomed to hear denounced as corrupt, or ridiculed as absurd, every thing, which our fathers regarded as a source of national, greatness and pros perity. Our ancestors were proud of the peerage, they loved the Church, they rejoiced in the achievements of the army and navy. Every Englishman felt that he had his share in these things; for the humblest man might look forward to his children enjoying the wealth, or rankj or power connected with them. How does that school of : political thought of which Mr. Bryce himself is a .distinguished ornament, speak of all these nowadays P Can' he be surprised if people feel less regard for their country when they are taught to vilify its every characteristic feature? We have all laughed at the picture of the man who sits at the end of the bough and is sawing through ;the part next the trunk. Edr the first time we hear tbat man himself complaining that the bough is not as firmly attached to the tree as it used to be ! Mr. Bryce, however, had a remedy to suggest. His speech was addressed to the head teafchers of London elementary Achools, and the remedy he proposed was naturally connected with education. He thinks the growing evil may be in some degree averted by instructing the rising generation in patriotic . poetry and in the constitutional history of the country. Certainly nothing but good would come from such teaching, although as to the poetry there are difficulties. : In national poetry England is somewhat poor. . The jreign : ot universal talk is comparatively modern, and ,our forefathers were more 'engaged in deeds than in words. Like the Romans, they were employed rather in performing great achievements than in making songs about them. It would, iperhaps, be no bad thing if every child (knew by heart the short poems about Brunanburh and Agincourt, it being supposed, of course, that he was also taught something , of the events thus celebrated in soog. There are, again, noble patriotic passages in Shak-speare, notably in the historical plays. " The Death of Nelson" too, and "Eule Britannia," and the " British Grenadiers," are patriotic enough, but they owe more to their music than to their poetry, whilst as to the words of the National Anthenoi, we can only say, as the did long ago when discoursing of the Albert Hall, " loyalty should silence criticism." But how would our advanced ; thinkers like thesnp No Home Euler would, approve a celebration of the Battle of Brunanburh when he found out that it was regarded as the event which ended the Heptarchy. Most of the other poems . and songs glorify the army or the navy, and worst of all the heroes, whose deeds are chronicled .in verse, were generally lords or people who afterwards became ennobled. Perhaps the Eobin Hood ballads might be m.jre acceptable ; they are historical in a way, and are democratic in spirit. There is one, indeed, which describes the plundering of an un lucky Bishop when he fell into Eobin's hands that should awake a responsive chord in the heart of every Liberationism We commend it to Secularist school boards, whose members are not generally supposed to have time for research into old literature. Eor older students we might suggest Wordsworth's "Sonnet to the Men of Kent " and Tennyson's "Ode on the Death of Wellington," with, of course, the immortal " Charge of the Light Brigade at Balaclava." It we went back to the last century we might re suscitate " Admiral Hosier's Ghost," which commemorates an instance of Ministerial weakness and incompetence hardly equalled until the fall of Khartoum. Once more, the proposal to teach con stitutional history we highly approve, though, of all subjects, it is the most difficult to make interesting to the yo'ung. Boys are never tired of hearing of battles, if they are put before them in a graphic way, and girls will listen with interest to details about Eoyal love affairs, marriages, and christenings, such as our old friend. Miss Strickland, describes with so much unction ; but charters. Acts of Parliament, and the great constitutional changes, which are of Infinitely more importance than either marriages or battles, have little charm for either boys or girls. Eor more advanced pupils who have gained a fair acquaintance with the main facts of history, and who can realise the characters of the principal personages in the mighty drama which has a kingdom for its stage, princes for actors, and monarchs to behold the thrilling scene, there could be no more instructive or more interesting lesson than a studious perusal of such documents as Magna Charta or the Bill of Eights. A good teacher, himself familiar with bis Hallam or his Stubbs, could render such a lesson of extreme interest by pointing, out the special needs and particular events which led to the insertion of each clause in these documents. Young people so instructed would be proof against many platform fallacies and against many specious proposals by which multitudes are now deluded. Of our Church history so intertwined with that of the State this is still more true, for Church history in .England is older than constitutional history.. The same light that dispelled the delusions of the new political de magogue would expose the assumption of the Eomish missioner or the Liberationist advocate. A real knowledge of the greatest, and, in good sense, the most Democratic of all our institutions, the historic Church of our land, would reduce opponents ,to uttar silence. Such studies, properly i conducted, would make our people constitutionalists, sound Protes tants, and sound Churchmen. But what about the non-sectarianism of Govern- ment-aided instruction ? — Hock. , . , , . _ 