A Memorable Christ mas Eve, (COMPETITION TALE.) (By Arden Ross.) " Cap tails," said my cousin, looking disapprovingly at the white streamers fluttering in the draught of the door- wav as the new maid left the room. "Why, Clare/ whatever in duced you to engage a servant like that? She is much too smart, my dear. She will be above her duties, and you'll find her objecting to this and that as 'not her work.' Who ever heard of a general servant with tails to her cap !" " I am sorry you object to theni," I answered, "for to my mind Sarah's neathess is quite a treat after those rough maids-of-all-work we have had to put up with. She seems thoroughly competent, and has good Melbourne references. If we do live in a small house now, and are poor instead of . rich, that is no reason why the one servant we can afford should not be what you call smart. As for captails," I added laughingly, " they are all the fashion now." "Not for a general servant, they are quite out of place. However," said Mrs. Field, with a sigh of resig nation, " you are the mistress of course. I am afraid, though, you are deceived in her ; she will be giving warning at Christmas time, and leave us without any help in the house.'' Eva Field had come to live with us two years ago, when, losing both father and mother within a few days of each other, it became necessary to sell the dear old home we loved so much, with most of the appurtenances thereof, and move into a small house suitable to our reduced means of existence. After living for twenty years in idle luxuriousness I found my self trying to keep together a comfort able home for my twin brothers, age'd sixteen, and my twelve-year-old sister \- ICitty ; the staff of trained servants reduced to one rough general, and the money supplies, which had \\( always seemed unlimited, diminished to a very small income in deed. Mrs. Field, a young childless widow living in lodgings, was getting tired of boarding-houses, so she wil lingly acceded to my proposal for her to come and live with us. "At least until you are married, my dear," she said. And a very agreeable chaperon our cousin proved to be, keeping us all in order and initiating me into the mysteries of housekeep- ing. Eve's tirade against Sarah made me feel rather uneasy for a few weeks, but the festive season drew near and her prophecy still remained unfulfilled. The objectionable cap streamers still floated through the rooms of our little house in Neutral Bay, and it was Sarah who handed me a note as we were rising from the luncheon table on Christmas Eve. " Post !'' I exclaimed, " and only one letter." " No, Miss ; it's early yet for the postman ; he's bound to be late at Christmas time. A little chap left that, and said he was not to wait for an answer." I opened the letter and read : — " Darling Clare, — If you have any affection for your old friend, please get rid of all the rest of your family this evening. Make them go into town to see the shops — anywhere ; but for God's sake let me see you alone to night. I have received a sudden com munication which is breaking my heart, and to you only can I turn for advice and consolation. Send Mr. D'Arcy awa.y with the others, please ; I canuot face anyone but you. It is the last favor I shall ask of you, for it may bo I shall never see you again. "Do not send any answer; I shall be away from home all day and I know you too well to think you will fail a friend in the hour of need. " Your heartbroken friend, " Alice Danvers." I gasped with dismay. Light- hearted, pretty Alice Danvers in such dreadful trouble. She who had parted from me yesterday the gayest of the gay now heartbroken by a "sudden communication." The toars . rose to my eyes as I re-read, her sorrowful note. Help her ? Of course I should. Eva could go with the children, who intended " doing " the town that even ing. She would enjoy it as much as any of thein, and only stayed at homo on my account I know, but if Jack were not to spend tho evening with mo thero would bo no need for a chaperon. Poor Jnclc 1 Christmas season wns a busy time for him. Ho was an artist, but found that illustrations for tho weekly papers brought in more money than his paintings. He had sent mo word that he would be working at his studio until 7 o'clock, but he would then come straight across to tho Bay, and we would have a nice quiet time together during the absence of the younger members of the family. I was disappointed, I own, still it could not bo helped. I wrote a little note asking him to accompnny the others in their perogrinations round the illuminated town, and return with them to su.pper. But when I had finished tho letter it did not satisfy me, the explanation seemed so vague. I read it through dubiously, and then, moved by a sudden impulse, I put Alice's letter with my own inside the envelope, sealed .it, and sent Harry with it across to Jack's office. A breach of faith with my friend ? No, I do not think so. Tho letter spoke of trouble, but.did not say what the trouble was. It did not seem fair to put Jack off with just an ex cuse when ho had been looking forward to spending the evening with me. I thought with a pang of regret how hard my artist lover was working, day and night, in order that our marriage might spon take place. Yes, Jack D'Arcy and I were to be married some time during the next year. My brothers .and' sisters were still to live with us, for I would not bo separated from them ; nor, indeed, did Jack wish it. To tell the truth, however, tho boys, though good lads, were getting a little beyond my management, and I was glad to think that my marriage would be tho means of securing to them a firm, though kind, guardian in Jack. The breach of confidence on my part, if it were one, extended no further than my future husband. At the tea-table I told Mrs. Field, that I was expecting a friend in great trouble, who wished to see me alone, and asked her if she would mind going with the town party. My cousin, as I had foreseen, was only too pleased to see the shops, but demurred at leaving me alone. "I shall be all right," I laughed. " What do you fear for me, Eva, ghosts or burglars 1 " " This is tho favorite time for ghosts in England," remarked Kitty, "but you know we. don't have them here ; and I think even burglars take a holiday on Christmas Eve." " Burglars !" exclaimed Clement, "Ah well, there is the silver, certainly, but no one would ever suspect such a tiny house as this of containing such a haul." " No, indeed and I glanced com placently down the- table. The silver was a ' relic , of better days, and- a regular bugbear to Eva, for I would insist on having it in ordinary use, as in my mother's time, while my cousin, if she had her own way, would- have packed it up and sent it to the bank for safety." The children, namely, Clement and Harry, Kitty and a schoolgirl friend, with Mrs. Field, set out on their ex pedition a little after 7 o'clock. Kitty, rushed back to give sundry direc tions as to tho position her cake was to occupy on the supper table, for it was her birthday, and T had pro mised them what the boys called a " good spread " on their return. Then dear, thoughtful Harry lingered to ask if I would let him stay with ins until my friend arrived. Of course I laughed at the idea, and sent him ofi after the others ; and then, seeing that they were all really gone at la,st, I went up to the drawing-room to wait for Alice. Eight o'clock, half-past' eight, nine o'clock. The bells of the Post-office clock rang out in silvery chimes across the water, still no sign of my friend. 1 began to get a little uneasy. Could anything have happened? That she was in dread of something was evi dent from her unhappy letter. Was it possible that the blow had fallen even before she expected it ? Just then Sarah appeared. " I havo laid the supper table, miss, and if you didn't want me any more I thought I would go to bed:" " Yery well, Sarah. Look the back door and the French window in the dining-room." The maid withdrew, shutting after her the door which I had left open to create a draught in the room, for the evening was rather close. Only nine o'clock, and I did not expect my family .until ten or after. A whole hour to wait alone ; for I had by then quite given up any hope of seeing Alice. I took a book and tried to read. Presently my attention was arrested by the sound of more footsteps than Sarah's below, and men's voices. I started up. Could tho boys have come back earlier after all 1 Or was it — could it be burglars 1 1' shivered at the thought, and went hastily to tho door. It was locked 1 That must have been Sarah's doing. Horror 1 I was alone in the house with a gang of burglars and a false servant- maid. I listened, every nerve strained to its utmost tension, and soon I heard the rattling of plates and popping of corks in the dining-room beneath. That perfidious Sarah was feasting her villainous friends on our supper. The thought was too much for me. The room in which I was imprisoned was the only large one in the house. It extended over tho boys' bedroom and the dining-room as well, so I' was obliged to move very stealthily for fear of tho intruders beneath. I managed to creep out on to the balcony, and hung over as far as I could. The French window was open, and the voices of tho occupants of tho room reached mo where I stood. " Ay, Sally, old girl, you've done fust- rate, but I don't like leaving that young woman loose in the room, though yer have locked her in. Where is she ?'' "Upstairs in the drawing-room. She can only get on to the balcony, but I reckon she'll be too much afraid to do that. Most likely she's heard us by this time, and has fainted away, for she's an awful coward." "She can screech, I suppose?" "No fear; Don't I tell you sho'd be too frightened. If sho does you can go to her ; but you know you're i an awful rough one, Bill, and she has ; be6n good to me, so I don't bear her any malice ; but we like her silver bettor than her, don't wo boys 1" I changed my intention, which had been to screech, in the vague hope of one of our near neighbors hearing mo. Tho thought of Bill's roughness put that mode of escape out of my head ; yet it was reassuring to know that thoy meant no personal violence. I was a coward, as that wretched gild had stated, and my first thought was naturally the preservation of iny life, bub when I found that was safe I began to think regretfully of our beautiful silver, which was the attrac tion evidently of that rascally crew below. The sounds of merriment from the dining-room irritated me. Poor Kitty ! Poor boys ! They would all como home tired and hungry to find tiie house dismantled and the supper, my littlo sister's birthday treat, devoured by burglars. It was too bad. If I could only escape from tho balcony I might scramble over the fence which divided our strip of garden from The Willows, tho residence of the Ashtons, our nearest neighbors, and get help. The verandah posts were thin and I might have tried to slide down them, but; though used to gymnastics, I was not such an expert as to make an en tirely noiseless descent. Then some thing fastened to the roof of the bal cony caught my eye. It was a knotted rope used by my brothers for climbing up and down tho balcony, for, boy like, they preferred any method of ascent rather than the one intended by the architect. Many a time had I threatened to do away with that rope, as likely to suggest to burglars a way of entrance through the drawing- room ; bub the boys had compromised matters by always drawing ' up the rope when not in use. It was securely fastened, and my descent by it would be comparatively easy, for the balcony was not very high, and I had often used the knotted rope at the gym nasium. We had a water frontage, so. that our only entrance from the road was at the back. A gravelled path led first to the tiny enclosed yard, and then on to the hall door, which was at the side of the house, from which, projected a rather large porch. I could not see the gate even from the end of the balcony, for there was a little room built out over the porch, which just hid it from my view. In that fact lay another source of terror ; I felt that there might be someone on the other side of the porch, on guard, who would spring on me during ray descent, or when running for the fence. Down I wont, warily, . steadying myself against tho verandah posts. I descended in front of the boys' room, but the voices reached me through the dining-room window. " Help yourselves to tho wine, lads, or here's some brandy. I smug gled that in ; they don't drink spirits in this house. Have some more fowl, Tom, do now ; I cooked them extra nice as I was expecting yous to supper." The wretches roared with delight at the last words. It was lucky for me' they did so just then, as the rope, though long enough for my tall brothers, was rather short for me, and I was obliged to land with a little jump. I am inclined to think that when onco on the ground my real, terror began, and I half wished myself back in the drawing-room. The fear that someone might be lurking in the shadow of tho porch unnerved me. Trembling in every limb I ran to the fence at the side, which was really only a few yards distant. I had almost reached it when I heard foot steps behind me. Good Heavens ! I was pursued 1 A man's arm round my waist dragged me back, and a hand across my mouth stifled my screams, and I remembered no more for some time. When I regained consciousness I was lying on a couch in the drawing- room of The Willows, kind motherly Mrs. Ashton bending anxiously over me. " How came I here 1" I asked. " Mr. D'Arcy carried you here in a faint. He told me you had mistaken a constable for one of the burglars they were after. He had not much time for explanations, for he was obliged to help the policemen secure the men. Mr. Ashton went with him; they will be back soon. Now don't take on so, dear." I was becoming quite hysterical. The thought of the men being dis turbed in their supper made me laugh, and the idea of Jack facing Bill's roughness reduced me to tears, Mrs. Ashton was in despair, and hailed with relief the sound of her husband's voice in the hall. " There's Mr. Ashton, and, I expect, Mr. D'Arcy also. I'll send him to you. I know he'll soon have you all right." And in a few minutes Jack was with me, safe and sound, but looking terribly anxious. " Aro you sure you are all right, my darling ? That brute of a police- mac. I gave him a piece of my mind for frightening you in that way." And with J ack beside me, safe from tho burglars' ferocious strength, I was soon quite calm and able to listen to his explanation of the events of the evening. Ho had joined the others in town, according to the arrangement, but on passing \through one of tho arcades, whom should he see in tho middle of a group of merry sight-seers but Alice Danvers, laughing and joking, and to ( all intents and purposes the aamo as 1 usual. Quickly divining something was wrong, he mado his way through the crowd, went' straight to Alice and asked her if she had written to m'e. "About what?" she asked in p. sur prised tone of voice. "I saw her yesterday." So Jack showed her the note I had onolosed with mine. Sho denied writ ing it, though sho acknowledged it was very much liko her handwriting, de clared it was a plot to get everyone I out of the house, and begged Jack to go back at onco and see if I were safe. Jack thought with Alice that tho letter was a blind, and went oft' to tho police station with Claude Danvers, who volunteered his services both for the chance of a fight with burglars and also to take back news to his sister. Two policemen accompanied them across the water, and when they reached the house they found the back all open, and heard tho sound of merriment from within. This rescue party was just going to effect an entrance when one of tho men, catching sight of a white figure flitting across the gravel path, fol lowed, and, with the best intentions in the world, succeeded in frightening mo into a swoon, which rendered me useless as far as information about the intruders was concerned. Jack and Claude carried me into Mrs. Asliton's, and then returned to take part in the capture. The burglars — there were only three men after all — were caught red-hauded. There was a bag neatly packed with silver by the clever fingers of Sarah, but nothing save half tho supper was missing. Messrs, Tom, Bill and the other man spent their Christmas in Darlinghurst. Sarah was charged with being an accomplice, she pleaded guilty, and acknowledged writing the note— she had stolen some of Alice's letters to me and studied the handwriting. I said good night- to Mrs. Ashton and went home with Jack. We found Claude in possession giving a startling account of the capture of the burglars and my "daring escape " by the rope ladder from the balcony to Eva and the children who had just arrived. I received a fair amount of kissing and petting from my sister and cousin, and all tried to make rne forget the unpleasant part of the evening. We made a very good supper on the rem nants of the feast, and I amused tliem all by telling them why the poultry was so well cooked, Bo afterall we were without a maid on Christmas Day, but Mrs. Ashton sent in one of hers to help us. Eva was too generous to remind me of her distrustful dislike to Sarah's appear ance, but I saw her give a relieved glance at the new servant's cap when at last she appeared on the scene. The plain muslin head-dress was quite innocent of those floating white streamers, which I am sure my cousin believed were — in Sarah's case at any rate — the outward and visible signs of an inward invsvible corruptness. 