Story Column. mow must ruuuBHED.j THROUGH THICK AND THIN. w CLEMENTINE MONTAGU, Author of "For Lovo and Fame," "My Wife or Hie," Leonora's Legaoy," &o.;, &c.; The Queensland rights of this story have been purchosod by the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Oassell and Ooinpany, Iiondozi and Mri- bourne CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) ' And you were too frightened to go and look for what you had seen, I sup pose?' , 1 was, eir, and I'm not ashamed to own it. I am not afraid of anything I can stand up to as a man should, and there's no fear in me when it comes to danger and work to be done, but ' But a ghoBt in the moonlight is a different thing, eh V 'Just so. sir; it is different. I was troubled, as you may think, and I wanted to understand it better, and I walked on the heights again and again, trying to persuade myself that it was fancy, and that poor Dent didn't walk, hut ho does; I saw him again, and that time I spoke to him.' 'And lie spoke to you V Yes.' 'Well?' 'It wasn't muoh, sir; he wsb there again, looking just the same. He seemed to Bpring out of the ground like, just by the gate of a white house up there. The house Btands a good bit baok, and there's a garden and a wall, but there was not a soul stirring there that I could see. He stood just as he did the first time, and I- went oIobs till I was within a yard of him and stared at him. " Dent," I said, " is that you ? " but he took no notice. I hod hard work to speak, for my heart was beating so fast, hut I forced myself to do it. I said his full name this time. " Eichard" Dent, I said, " tell me what is it you want — is it anything I can do ?" He shook his head, hnt he looked troubled, and I called his name " Eichard Dent " again. He put his hand up over Mb forehead, and then he spoke. " Not my name," he said. "Not my name." ' ' And was it your friend's voice ? ' 'Oh, yes, sir, it was his voice, euro enough, ana his nyes that were looking at me, and his hand that was Btretched out, as if he wanted something that I could not give him. It was him and no one else !' . ' I hope it will prove to he so. Go on; what next?' ' There was nothing, sir; he was gone, just as he was gone before, and nothing to tell how he went. When I tried to speak to him again there was nothing bnt myself and the moonlight, and I was shaking as if I had .the ague on me.' ' Too frightened to hear the sound of a gate or a footstep, I suspect ?' ' Lord, sir, there wasn't no footsteps to hear; he just vanished like, and ho didn't open no gate, or I should have heard , that.' ' And that was the last time you saw him?' 'Ho, sir, I saw him the night before last.' ' In the same plaoe ?' ' "Within a hundred yards of it, nr. He was standing at the edge of the cliff, and he vanished over the edge.' ' Do you mean fell over ? ' ' No, sir— vanished.' It was a curious tale altogether, and Mr. Lynn oould not make much of it. Butley was evidently speaking the truth. It was a plain, unvarnished story, except perhaps in the matter of his own alarm ; fright had edged it ronnd with a halo of romance ; he had seen someone he mis took for his dead friend, that was all ; still the soar, he must have been mistaken there ; his fancy had played him a triok. ' Will you show me the place where all this happened?' he said, after a minute or two of silence. ' Yes, sir, anytime.' 1 To-night, then. Are you at liberty ? Can you come?' ' I can get leave to do so, sir. I am due at 8 o'olook.' ' And it is half-past 7 now. . Make haBte hack and get an extension of your time, if possible. Is this on the way to the heights?' 'This way will do as well as any other, sir.' ' Very well. Get baok as soon as you ean, and we will go together.' . Mr. Lynn sat quite still when the fire man had gone, pondering over what he had heard. ' It was no ghost,' he said to himself. ' There is a mystery over it all. Dent is dead, and they have buried him ; hut someone haB arisen with his face and form, and the soar Bah ! I am an old fool — that of course is all in the imagination of my ponderous friend. Giants have generally some small weak ness ; superstition seems to be Eutiey's strong point.' The fireman came baok in a very short time. 'You don't mind my uniform, sir, do you? he said. ' It's the regulation, you know. I can he haok to my post in a few minutes from where we ore going, and we can hear any call up there.' ; He tookihe lawyer by a very short out —which was rather like olimhing the side of a house— to the top of the oliff where he had met with his adventure. It was, as he said, a glorious place for a man who wanted astroll in the fresh air, and Mr. Lynn looked round him as soon as he had xooovered his broath, in silent admiration 1 of the beauty of the scene. 'There's the plaoe, sir,' Eutley said ' presently, after they had walked a short distanoe from the edge of the oliff. ' That . .; house there.' w: He pointed to what looked like an en closure of considerable extent — private . grounds, no doubt — with a long, low, : white house in their midst. A gate opened on to tho space where they were walking. It was overshadowed by trees, and just now was quite in gloom, fa- the moonlight was waning and fitful, though it was quite light snongh to see anything with suiljoient distinctness for identifi cation. , . « Is this the place ?' the lawyer asked, in alow tone. ' Yes, sir, and, oh Lord ! don't you see him. There he is, standing there by the gate!' There certainly was a figure there— so that it might have been part of the wall against wbioh it seemed to lean, and Mr. Lynn felt his heart give a great bound as he looked at it. . ' Come and Bpeak to him,' he said; but Eutley was shaking from head to foot hi' mortal terror. 'Come,' Mr. Lynn said; 'you did it before, you say.' . ' Yes ; but ho said it wasn't his name.' ' "Well, try him again ; perhaps he will remember that it is by this time.' He dragged the unwilling man forward till they stood within a few paces of the still figure, which looked at them, as it seemed to the lawyer, in puzzled bewilder ment. 'Now speak,' he said. ' Eiohard Dent,' Eutley said, in evident fear, 'is that you?' The ghost stared at them with a very mortal look indeed in its eyes. ' Not my name,' it said ; ' not my name.' The lawyer's voice broke the silence now. ' Eric WeBtover,' he said, , ' my dear boy, do you know me?' ' Xnow yon,' replied the ghost ; ' Why should I not know you? Bat how did you come here, Mr. Lynn ? ' ' To look for you, my boy — to look for you,' the lawyer replied, in a broken voice; and he took the ghost by both hamds, while Eutley sat flat down on the grass in' sheer amazement at what had come of his revelations. CHAPTER XXXI. ronxn, Eutley sat still on the ground staring, and feeling as if the sky and earth were tumbling together, while Mr. Lynn held the hands of the ghost and gazed into his face as if he could not find another word to utter. He often told bis comrades afterwards, when he was recounting the wondOre of that night, that he was nearer fainting from sheer fright and astonish ment than he ever was in his life. What with the comrade he had known so well denying his name and not reeognising him, and owning another name that this strange gentleman also knew and called him by, he was, as ho expressed himself, ' flummoxed,' and felt as if he was going mad. ' It is !' Mr. Lynn said after a pause, still holding the passive hands in his. ' My dear, dear .lad, how we have mourned for you . Thank heaven you are found.' ' Yes ; you have found me. Who sent you ? How did you know ?' . The voice was curiously hollow and shaky now, and the tall form was sway ing like a reed. Mr. Lynn saw and understood, and .caught it, as it would have fallen forward on the grass at their feet. ' Find a hell — ring — make someone hear? he cried to Butley, who was re covering his wits. ' It's xio ghost. You have done me more service than you can imagine in bringing me hero to-night. King, knock, ehont ; do anything to bring help; he is ill — dying perhaps.' ' It is Dent, sir, for all he says it isn't,' the fireman said, tugging lustily at a bell, the handle of which he found after some fumbling about the gate. ' Yes, it is your comrade. We shall understand where the missing link in his life is presently. Is anyone coming ?' ' Yes, sir ; I hear steps.' Someone came hurrying along the path from the door of the house, and a man opened the gate a little way and looked in. ' It is too late to bring anyone to-night, gentlemen,' he said civilly enough ; ' the doctor says ' We want some help, my good man,' the lawyer said hurriedly, j A gentleman has fainted ; will you give us a little water?' ' Surely, sir.' . The servant— for suoh he evidently was— came forward to see what was the matter and look at the still form lying so like death in Mr. Lynn's arms. 'Lord! if 'it ain't No. 24!' he said in astonishment. 'How did he get 'here? He belongs here, sir ; do yon know him ?' 'Yes.' 'Then you'll bp right welcome. I'll ran and tell the doctor and bring pomeone to carry him. We'll just get him inside the gate and I'll look it. We've got art- fur folks here, sir; as artful as devils, somo of them.' _ > He helped to lay the white, still figure on the grass inside the gate, whioh seemed to look with extreme ease, and then ran off, saying as he started : ' I'll bring some brandy baok with me.' The house seemed a long way, and the two watching by that quiet figure began to fear that the swoon would lapse into death before help arrived. to bis oontxmued ok Monday. 