TBE LEOEND OF THE CYCLE. Every sport has its story, says Cticliiig, bul hitherto the chroniclers of cycling have over looked sn Interesting legend which deals with a pre historic period of oar universally poptilai sport, and which many Germans claim as thc invention of the cycle by a countryman ol theirs. The startling events we are about tc narrate occurred nearly 350 years ago, and the present is an appropriate time for re- telling. The works of Herr Gasthaus contain particulars of a remarkable inventor-a name «ike of the contemporary poet- Herkoff-who met with a tragic ead. Unfortunately, the details are too meagre to afford a reliable re- cord. However, the incident took place in ¿he reign of Frederick the Great, who Was born at Cologne, on tho Spree, in 160), and died in 1688. Among other notabilities tu his *rmy.was a Herkoff-a watchmaker by trade, a soldier by conscription-famed for his height, which reached the goodly altitude «f 8ft. Sin. Unfortunately this made him conspicuous, and in battlo fie lost both feet, and returned +o his native village sud origiual calling, pensioned by a grateful country. Reduced to being pushed about in a sort of go-cart by his wife, who was long of tangue ss she was strong of arm, he set about de- vising a vehicle in which he could move about without her help - end abuse. Naturally mechanical, his watchmaking skill stood him in good stead, and after long toil bud many experimente, he at last produced u machine containing a series of very strong springs, which could be wonnd up so aa to materially assist the power generated by his legs-or rather, what remained of them-and bis arms. So long had fae been about his self imposed task that the whole countryside became I« teres ted in his scheme, and when the eventful day arrived for a public trial of bis machine, an enormous audience as- sembled. Towards evening he turned out, and after adjusting the springs, oiling up, and other manipulations which always seem necessary on such occasions, he started down lim village street, with his better-half walking in thc rear. At first'tho cumbersome cycle went stiffly, but the inventor was confident, and between turning on another spring and in- creased arm power, his speed rapidly increased, and the crowd such as were not awe struck, eu oasy matter in that super- stitious age, cheered lustily. The old soldier was radiant; his wife was left far behind. The speed continued to increase-then, too late, lie remembered he had forgotten to provide any means of stopping. Wildly did ie .caf) so the spectators to catch bim, bat -Uley were eitíber too nervous of thc dnfcrnsl machine, ss tflicy called it, or it was too quick. It even outpaced tho champion ronner of the village. ' fire began to fly from the iron-shod 'ls as they bounded over thc flinty road, ip WU in front gave hopo to poor but; it was like a down grade to thc T-ATEM*1 "rJlBe,B- A J*1** of country Missing from a neighbouring market, po"be top of the hill. They fled, fr,¡ rose Into the air, and they ' SATUTvnftUh tutu space. Fearful was < ley gave of his awful appearance 1 bair grey (it was ravsn black I ntcd die fated steed an hour < tails (lying behind, with a « i, and unearthly expression of < On, on, sped the magiotl i 'ng could slop it-nothing 1 onrse. Reports carno lu from t country of people being frigh- e ectre on. a flying nrnohlne,, n ?ualiing through apace. At last only a «kele- i na was left, but the bone* held together and tantieally worked the maohinery, which, A'ith the lighter weight and absence of Friction, was seen entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From this time it was seen but seldom, though at the beginning of this century it waa often spoken of, and iu some very remóos parts of the Black Forest, even now it is ranked among the many ghosts of that prolific district. Suffice it to say that Herkoff was never more heard of-he did not even return to claim his patent-so that a check was given to cycle invention from which it did not recover for over two centuries, sud even now a remnant of belief in tlie Iragie fate af Herkoff is to be found in the extra strong brakes fitted tn German made cycles-a point visitors to thc Fatherland, and manufacturers in this country, have often wondered at, and which is now explained for the first time in an English paper. 