OrigiiiirlrL.iiieH. THE Xldirf ^APPROACHING. ? HKAVV ogliilng lui« taken illaronu lliu I'amirs, on tlio north-west t'ruiilicruf India. Tho tribesmen attacked thc llritlsh fort, but wore repulsed with a loss of 2ÔD. . Ono Hrilish olllif r was killed, mid 22>C|M>V*." I'nlilonf 15th .March. XNi .Straw* «hoi» thc current, it 1* said. Certainly. Hut OVWWK displays tlie flood, mid much itcbriH from thu Dalkon*, thu.Dardanelles, anti tito Pamir* lately denote-nothing, ls it thought Í Tlien pity the Uiliid bard. Vet. wlieti tile deluge comes remember- ? The night is approaching, which prophet* of nations ? Have seen in thu dlstuncc of TIniu nu iLs flight. A* the louie reveals in Divine ltevelations. ' . With tho Duwil of Hie Day that will folb.wtheniglit : And thciiivorof Water of Life rounds its portai*. With Spirit and Urida flowing freely for mortal*. Vc faithful, remember tho Father's Alniightv. And trust io Hie truth mid Hie love of Hie Lord. lt is treason lo think that our Father is flighty : A* sure are Hi* promises: sharp is Hi* «word. ? And Australians, true lo tho blood of the Jlritou. Should sunni by Hie Spirit and Hride, which is spit on. J.lko octxipus'-inilddlu tho Pétur-lnlst gnthcrs. While tho ghost of proud "Peter tho Great" strut* in style. Let thu Hritish beware, like their fearless forefathers, To strangle the strategic villain in guile. A;, tho Dear is tho brutalized spciilur of Zion, Let Liberals stand to tho strength of tho Lion. Whero the gallant six-hundred bath galloped to glow, Hobutruig Ibu ltusslan for ravaging far. There tim shades ofthe soldiers who fell lu the 'foray Are waving tho cypress and signalling war. At tlie poet's prophetic gniMl judgment rejoicing Inspiring Hie verses that valour I« vetoing. Arouse; rush on thc liussinn whoruthlesslv bled n*. O. strike for our Spirit und hallowed lauri : Fm our faino mid our linnie, mid our «od who hath led For our hollie*. midourhopc*of thc I)uy-ilnwn ii timmi So the Spirit nod Hride. on approaching in beauly. Will welcome, the warriors dying in duty." Tim 'LA L'I; II INO JACKASS. 