The Storyteller* WITHOUT AND WITH IN , ..,,- .CHAPTER XLIII. THE FINDING OV THE OLUK. [Francesca to her husband in Europe.] (Continued.) To afford yon the neoes«ary standpoint lor your ju dement, I enolose Winnie's last letter. Stop precisely, bore, and read it.. . . ,^ , Uave you done so ? Now recall the faot tliat,; next toiyou, she is the dearest thing I have on earth. Ere your love lapped me in incalculable opulence, X counted myself rich in hers. Remember how she stood by me, in my trial ' as by fire.' Refleot what a womaju aheis— strong of mind, lofty; of^soul, tender o'f beaTt Tjien* knowing me M you do, to the inBermost', you will be able to picture my reading of it. How I fumed and glowered'l^.. How I shook the child Bella in imagination, till bug could not tell rosebuds from falling stars 1 What virifiictivo By'ts I doubled in Paul Vennor's faoe 1. What' fierce, sarcasms I hurled at the . whole raoe of male mankind, and how energetically I told niy;toile)-table thafl was glad Providence had' graciously interposed to prevent Winnie from thowing herself away upon any oDe of thorn ! .'How, finally,' When my lory had 'Burnt itself oat, I wrapped her in my faithful love, and. wept over her tears of regret, and pity, and despair ! For,'!1 bad; never credited the rumour of Paul Vennet's marriage, My mind refused to take in the possibility that a man, manly, who had once found entranoe. info. Winnie's, great heart and mind, could therefore endure a narrower abiding-place. I believed that the ?? t estrangement, however it, had i grown. up, be loDged to the order o! things remediable. He of the coy the ami hour-glass would cut it up, root and branoh, in the fulness of time— its thorny work being done, its bitter-sweet fruit borne. I would lend him a helping, band inyael^ ifo soon as home duties should let me out of their grip long enough to look[ Winnie up, get asuocinct account of the affair, and find out where such band would bo in order. H[eantiaie, seeing! bow her characters was i getting its crowning graoo of humility through it all, I managed to possess my soul in a fuming patience. Thin letter gave a .death-blow to my I hopes and plans. Paul Venner being married C *fa^ remained 'to b- done? Clearly 1 rinftrihg but to wish him joy, and Winnie', forgetlulness. Lucky for him that the 'joy ' ] did not depend on tho sincerity of my good tfafaeiv ' : - . ^: ,,.; ,..„-;.' ..;.;; As for Winnie, she deofared herself 'at *t pea^e,' Tbe^ past was, not only. dead^. but ; Wriod. NeYther ghost nor vision haunted ; her memory, to distnrb or to appal. The \- attlefim of ,her love, datntned up from its late I ofianneT, had spread into a, broad lake,. for the mirroring' of heaven and the refreshment of \- ' the people. Stuff and nonsense 1 I exclaimed, con ? temptuously. 'Does she think, to make me ' Believe that— her love— can die so easily? : Does she fancy t forget bow that violoncello ( . voice of hers ; used to roll, its molten riebneig ?long the last verse of Parthenia's song- — , : ' ' And toll me how . lovo oometh R } ' It domes— unsought— unsent.' \ ' Arid; tell, me how love 'gpeth ?]V , . r . ' That was not love whioh went !''— ;. while I, hold on to ray chair to keep myself in. i:j the world'bf sense } to know, Ivy .touch, that ?j I was somewhere, and . not flouting out on j that purple stream of melody to nowbi'ther ! ! Tbon I knocked myself down , with a/' sud- l; denly gnJtf[/od'.convictioD, Winnie was not ( the sort of person to consume herself with '?j love and longing for' another woman's hus ,; band. She would tear such an oflFeotion out ''; of her heart by the roots, po matter. how '| much blooding fleBb and. fibre came with it. ^ II— I, was Spartan enough, thank Heaven ! i to atand by and encourage her in the doing it, though evory wronch and every pang had its, ' double in my own 1 ,; . i! Sans doute she had done: this,— without' l humnn eacourajromeut ; without other cry tor help than towards the cross on Moanl \\. Calvary; without visible shrinking, of spirit,' v -J'r quivering of flesh,— silently in the ! strength of God. . / . Now, the bloody work waB accomplished ' the sharp agony over. She was healed, and 5- 'at peace.' : ...-,.. ii Why could I not be more thankful ? Why ' did I so rebel against the. , hard.' 1 necessity 1 Because, knowing ' the sweetness ii and the rest, of happy wadded love, as I do — the comiortablenesi of being cherished and' , takan care of— I loeged to have Winnie know ' it also. I did not want her to braid St. ?' Catharine's tresses, though she grew ten i. times a saint in the process. I wanted her life to have bloom as well as fruit j sweet, ! verdure of earth as well aa illimitable blue of s heaven. t But what was to be done about it? s Nothing; Only to write her a comfortful letter— deep rather than broad (we are not * the sort of women to bedear and bedarling ? one another mnch)— toll her 1 love and honor 'y her above all other women ; and . then— let her go forth alone into her starlit dost. That was all I .,. .„ ..,., .,.. . ., ,. ..... . !' Lame and impotent conclusion 1 It made 'v me frantio with helplessness. It oppressed e me as with an insufficiency of. air to .breathe. 1 longed for space,, froedom, motion. A * breezy walk on the common . would, perhaps, je give me better heart to write. I bonneted, fi shawled, and set forth. I walked till I was tired, yet found no rest, * — « ?Seining paradox, but a simple tiuth. :i You will understand. I . Coming back through Main-street, it oc curred to me to step in Mr. Witling's office, * and ask for news of Bessie. The business it oa'rd of ' Vennor & Co., New Orleans,' side ,5l by, side with another of * Venner & Co., New j Xorfi,1 was nearly the first thing that smote my gaze. Glad that my talk might have an ?' excuse tor hovering around the engrossing r. subjeot of my thought, however remotely, I j. inquired if be Knew the Veneers, personally. . ' Certainly — of them, more or less,' said I t he ' 1 know Mr. Amos Venner, head of the1 ;c New (Orleans house, tolerably well. And L Hugh Vennor, Inte head of the Now York J? firm, wai my most intitnato friend. In truth I (' wo iTtvo liko brothers. 1 sorrowod for him : jib David for Jonathan. I '. 'Tbori you know Paul Vouncr, of course? said I. '? .'Whioh Paul Tdnnor?' ho returned. I 1 Thougb,n to rbe Ktire, I know them both, i li ? .(To be continued.) j ? I ? j -'y' '?'/*' ' '..'.*'?''' '' p : ' ' . 