SCRIPTURE READING. REPORT BY MR. HARTLEY. The inspector-General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley) has forwarded to the Minister of Education a report upon Scripture-reading in the State schools of New South Wales, which colony he recently visited. The text of the report id a/ follows:— I have the honor in accordance with your instructions respectfully to submit the following notes and observations made on my recent visit to New South Wales to enquire into tile system of Scripture lessons in the publics schools of that colony. I bad the ad vantage of an interview with tbe Minister of Education (the Hon. F. B. Suttor), and with the Undersecretary (Mr. X Johnson). It is hardly necessary to say that information w? freely given, and every facility Biforded for making personal enquiries in tha schools. The teachers whom I met were also extremely courteous and obliging, and rendered my task comparatively an easy one. It may be con venient in the first plaos to quHie the sections of the New South Walea A-A which relate to religious inp*ruotion in Gbhools. They are iw follows.— 1\. Secular Instruction, section s".—tn all eohools under Ibis Act the teaching shall be strictly non-sectarian, but the words "eeuulor instruction shall be bald to include general roli?iPiis teaching as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. "A. Speoial Religious Instruction, section 17. —In every public school four hours during each school-day shall be devoted to ttcular instruction exclusively, and a portion of eaoh day, not more than one hour, shall be teo apart when the children of any one religious persuasion may be instructed by the clergymen mt other religious teaoher of such persuasion, but in all oases the pupils receiving such religious instruction shall be separated from the other pupils of the school. And the hour during which Bcoh religious instruc tion may be given 'shall be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Boaid in consultation with the teacher of such school and the clergyman of the uietriot, or suoh other person as may be duly authorised in bis etead; and any classroom of any public school may be used for such religious instruction by like agreement. Provided that if two or more clergymen of different persuasions desire to give religious instruction at any school the children of each each different persuasion shall be bo instructed on different days. Pro vided also that the religious instruction to be bo given shall in every case be the religions instruction authorised by the church to which the talargyman or other religions teaoher rnaibekuig. Provided, further,. that in case of - the non-attendance of any clergyman or religious instructor, such period shall be devoted to the ordinary Beeuuur instruction in each school. Section IS.—Notwithstanding anything to the oontrary in the last preceding section no pupil in ? public school shall be required to receive, any general or special religious instruc tion if the parents or guardians of such pupil objpod to each religious instruction being given. The question is further dealt with in the fol lowing regulations, which have as usual the forrtj of law:— \\. Religious Views of 'Pupils or of Parents, 116.—Nothing must ever be said or done by any teaoher in a pupil's hearing or presence calcu lated to offend the religious views of that pupil, or of any other in the school, or of the parents of any suoh pupiL 2\. Tuneable, ISO.—The time-table to be observed in the schools is the following :— Except that in oases within the proviso to the preceding regulation tbe time in each instance 'will be half an hour later than epecih'ed. i"rom 9 to 10—Special religious instruction, or in public or provisional schools where no religious teachers in attendance, ordinary in struction. 3\. Speoial Religions Instruction, 151. — Where the time specified for speoial religions Instruction is inconvenient some other hour may be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board, the teacher, and the person giving such instruction. 4\. Instruction in Schools.—Course of in struction, 155—The course of secular inatruo tion, as the term is defined in the Public Instruction Act, shall be as follows for each Infant department (Scripture)— Narratives and moral lessons. GIELS AKD BOYS. First class (Scripture)— Narratives and moral lessons, Old Testament No. L Second class (Scripture)—LN.B. Old Testament No. 1, moral lessons. Tnird class (Scripture)— LN.B. Old Testament No. X, J>ew Testa ment No. 1. Fourth class (Scripture)—LN.B. Whole series. Fifth class—As for fourth class. The same regulation specifies the standard of proficiency to be reached by each class in each half-year, but this is in every case the same a3 in.the course of instruction quoted above. The following table shows the value of marks allotted for Scripture in each class: reading, writing, and arithmetic being alao stated for comparative purposes:— The next regulations are the "conscience clauses." Special Religious Instruction, 157. —No pupil is to be required to receive special reli gions instruction if the parents or guardians of Buch pupil object to Each religious instruction being given. General Religious Instruction, 15S.—Where any parent or guardian objects to a pupil receiving the general religious instruction prescribed in the course of instruction, notification to this effect shall be made to the teacher in writing. Denominational Books, 159.—The teacher, in all schools under the superintendence of the Minister, Bhall see that the religious books employed in the classes for special religious instruction are confined to the time and place o! such instruction, and not left in the way of children whose parents ma; object to them. In will thus be seen that Scriptnru lessons form a part of the regular wodc in every school from the highest class to the lowest. A care ful inspection was made of the teaching in two large Sydney sohools, with a daily attendance of 1,400 and 700 respectively, and these obser vations were checked by enquiries made in a country school (250 average) about 70 miles from Sydney. I was assured on all hands that ■what was seen might be taken as typical of the work in any one of the publio schools in the colony. The Scripture lessons (each lasting three quarters of an hour) appear to be given as a rule once a week. It will give a better idea of the nature of the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is specified in detail. It must be under stood that this programme shows the lessons to be given during the current quarter, January to March, 1893. Ciaea IL (Lower Division).—pid Testament 1\. Lessons I—4. The creation: Adam in paradise; creation of the woman; tall of Adam and Eve into am. Class IL (Upper Division). —Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, tt—l2. From the deloge to the call of Abraham; call of Abraham ; history of Abraham continued; covenant of God with Abraham. ClassllL (Lower Division). —Old Testament, 1\. Lessons -17—20. Death of Abraham; birth of Esau and Jacob; Isaac goes toGerar; Esau marries two wives; Jacob by stealth receives his father's blessing; his flight; his reception in Mesopotamia; his return with hia family to Canaan. CUsaXIX, (Upper Division).—Old Testament. 1\. Lessons, 21—25. Meeting of Jacob and Ksau; altar at Bethel; death of Eachel; Joseph sold by his brethren; his imprison ment in Egypt; made governor cf Egypt. Class IV. (Lower Division). —New Testa ment, 1. Lessons, 7 —12; t.&, about three and a half chapters of St. Lake's gospel. Class IV (Upper Division).—New Testa ment, 2. Lessons, 1—10; i.e., chapters 1 to 12 of the Acts of the Apostlee. From this statement a fair idea may be gained of the amount of ground covered ; and is is hardly necessary to go into further detail though the programme of other classes are available if required. I may now give a short account of the lessons to which. I had the privilege of listen ing, or. to be more accurate, the questioning on prevkras lessons. Infant Department.—The little ones were questioned on the birth of Christ, the visit of the wise men, the etar in the east, the gifts they brought. They were told not to let Herod know ; why 2 " Because Herod thought Jesus had come to take away his palace." No so. "Je?na did not come to ait in a beautiful house, bat to teach us how to be good and love God." (This was almost the only really relifcious remark I heard.) After eight days Jeans was taken to the temple, "a fine building* not like oar little Sydney churches," "just ss oar little children are taken to church to be baptised." (No mention of even the name circumcision.) An old man was there, Simeon, a prophet; the promise to Simeon; he was very glad to see the child Jesus and said he was quite ready to die now. Anna, the prophetea?. This lesson was well (riven: in fact I am in clined to pronounce it quite the best X heard. The teacher was a young girl and she de cidedly interested her pupils. Infants (Another Sohoql).—Questioning on the life of Moses, bis birth, names of bia father and mother, his cradle in the Nile, Miriam's watch over him, the finding by the princess. Class 11. (Boys).—On Abraham's sacrifice of Isaac While listening to this lesson I re gretted to notice the familiar way in which the name of the Deity was used. Class HL (Boys).—On the call of Abraham. The class read for about ten minutes ; then a map wag drawn on the blackboard and the Euphrates, Tigris, Jordan, Dead Sea, Sea of Galilee, Bethel, Ai, and Jerusalem were taught. This lesson was well given, bat rather from a geographical point of view. Clan V. (Boys).—Twenty two L>ds were pre&et; and they were above the average in intelligence. They were questioned bt? the escape of the Israelites from Egypt; tbe in stitution of the Feast of the Passover ; giving of the law by Moses from Mount Sinai; his forty days on the Mount ( the Two Tables; the Feast of Penteuost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on tbe apo&tUw; at the Feast of Penteeo-t, tbe gift of tongues and its nee. In all cases tbe pupils appeared to have a fairly satisfactory knowledge of tbn portion of Scripture history which formed tile basis of the question*. | It may come as a ercrprise to many to learn tbaVthe Irish Kataoual Scripture lesson books do not appear to be read. An examination of the code of regulations issued by the New South Wales department shows that tbe teachers are nowhere enjoined to have tileee books read. They are quoted to fehew what the course of instruction JO to b&, and conwquently what will be the nature of the inspector*' examination, tl may a!ao be presumed to be implied that the teachers must not go btyond what is stated in the books. From the nature of th? case all lessons in infant departments must be given orally, and as a matter of fact they appear to be given in the same way in boch boys' and girls' aohools. Tile exact facts for the schools I visited are as follows:—School A (Boys).—The books are never at*n. School B (Boys).—Sometimes tbe pupils read for ten minutes at tbe beginning of tbe lestoii, th« rest being oral. School B (Girls). —A reading leseou may perhaps be taken oacw in three months. School C (Boys and Girls'). —The books are never read. Ini reply to questions the teachers stated that they i believed the general practice throughout the : colony to be to give the lessons orally, not to! read from the books. It is not a matter for surprise that the teachers do not confine themselves to the read ing of these text- books. Hovrever well adapted they may be not to offend the prejudices of any section of Christians—and this would appear to be the special object which the compilers had in framing them—there can |be no doubt that from an educational poiDtcf view they are very poor books indeed. It is difficult to con ceive of anything more dull and uninteresting than a lesson which should consist merely ot reeding these prcnges with an explanation of the words marked fur particular notice. Moreover, there are certain parts of the books which would be better omitted altogether by boys and girls. Having the best interests of the children at heart, and being naturally anxious to make their lessons as bright and effective as possible, the teachers give them orally, and in so doing every one with expe rience of young children must agree with them. The geneial impression left upon my mind is that in the Sydney schools regular and satis factory instruction is given in Scripture his tory, with somewhat of a tendency to select stories from the Old Testament in preferenoe to the New. Ido not consider that these lessons are religious, and this is a perfectly natural consequence. No Epecial time of the day is set apart, but now in the morning and now in the afternoon a lesson in Scripture history takes its place between one in reading and another in arithmetic. It is a part of the regular business of tbe institution and there is no special reverence about it. I must not be understood to reflect in tbe slightest decree upon either the system or the teachers who are carrying it out. The depart ment follows the Act in prescribing this work, and the teachers loyally observe their inscroo tions. Exemption from attendance. —The regula tion by which parents are permitted to with draw their children from the Scripture lessons has been quoted above. No statistics are available to show how many children are exempted, but I was informed at the office that the number is nos considerable. Some enquiry was made in the schools with the fol lowing result:—Oat of a class numbering DO there wEre eight children who did not attend — four Jews, two Roman Catholics, two free thinkers. In another class there were ten out of 70; all were Roman Catholics or Jews. In the schools visited it appears to be looked on as a regular thing that Catholic and Jewish children are withdrawn from the Scripture lessons, the latter, however, not always when the instruction in the Old Testament. Special Religious Instruction.—The religious body which avails itself to the greatest extent of the permission to give special instruction to the children of its own members during school hours is the Church of England. A committee has the matter under its care, and most of the city and suburban schools are regularly visited by either clergymen, paid catechiste, or ladies. In the country the organisation is much less complete. The Presbyterians take the next place, and then the Wesleyans and the Jews. The other religious bodies do very little in this direction. There is not tbe slightest friction in the arrangements. The department does all in its power to facilitate the work of clergymen or other authorised J religions teachers. No teacher employed by the department can take any part in the special religious instruction. The rule troverning teachers' actions is very stringent. It is— I 30\. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from participation in any public meet ings or other gatherings on party, political, or sectarian topics, and generally to refrain from all ucticm in such matters calculated to give offence to any section of the. community or to impair their own usefulness as teachers; they must also abstain from public controvert y upon the merits of the system of education now in force, and from acting as local preachers, lay readers, or local correspondents of newspapers. Xo statistics can be produoed showing the number of schools in which special religious instruction is given. Attitude of the Churches towards the Edu-1 cation System.—With one exception the churches appear to be satisfied with the educa tion system. They value the help given to them in their Sunday-school work by the instruction in Scripture history in the public schools, and they value the privilege of attending to give special denominational teaching to the children of their own members. The Minister and the Under-Secretary informed me that these re ligious bodies do not try, and apparently do not want, o get anything more. The one exception is the Catholic Church.' Consistently with its stated policy this church declines to recognise any education whioh is nut conducted in strict accordance with its own methods. Hence great "(forts have been made to establish separate Catholic schools, and by the help of the Mariet Fathers and other teaching orders good pro gress has been made. At none of the sohools visited did I find more than a few Catholic children, but there v.xre in the immediate neighborhood large schools belonging to that church. Of course in sparsely- populated districts the only place at which education can be obtained is the public school, but on tho uhole the number of Catholic children taught by the State is very much smaller in proportion than the Catholic population. Though no doubs a number of children belonging to. thia ' church do actually attend the general Scripture lessons, as far as I could; gather the policy of the clergy is to' require the children to be withdrawn. On the other band Catholic teachers employed in the publio school* give the Scripture lessons to their clashes in the neoal way. No statistics are available to show the number of Catholic children in attendance at the public schooli. In- fants. rading _ HA) taring - 60 rtctunetia- 100 aipturo _ 3D Class 1. 100 eo loo 30 Class II. 1U> 109 100 30 CUse III. 100 100 ion 60 Claa I IV. 100 100 l'O to Class V. EO £(1 11PO CO 