The Ordination at St: Luke's Church. It had been widely made known in the parish, that on Sunday- last, Whitsunday, the Right ' Rev. the Bishop of Newcastle would hold an Ordination at St. Luke's for the purpose of admitting to the Holy Order of Deacons, Mr. R. ' W. i iiuitici^, i_»,/\ , nii; ouii ui luu incum bent of this parish. .The opportunity | of witnessing the Holy Rite, so j kindly afforded hy the Bish.ip, was I largely taken advantage of, the | church being' quite full. The service I commenced with the hymn ' Onward I Christian Soldiers,' sung as a processional, while the Candidate, Clergy, arid Bishop entered by the west door. The Ven. Archdeacon White, M. A., preached the sermon from Acts vi., thesecond and 2 follow ing verses, setting forth with great clearness, the ' duty and office of such as come to be admitted Deacons ; how necessary that Order is in the Church of Christ ; and also how the people ought to esteem them in their office.' Then was sung the hymn, ' Guide Thou, O God, the Guardian Hands,' and tha Arch deacon presented the Candidate, 'decently habited' in Cassock, sur plice, and academical hood to the Bishop. Then followed the Litany with the special suffrage, ' That it may please, thee to bless this thy servant, now to be admitted to the Order of Deacons, and to pour thy grace upon him ; that' he may duly execute liis office to the edifying of thy Church,, and the glory of thy holy Name ' ? This ''was followed by the hymn, ' Come Holy Ghost our souls inspire' (to Troyte's Chant), and the Communion Service. After the Epistle (read by the Incumbent) the questions having been put by the Bishop to the Candidate, and his answers received, the outward sign of the Act of Ordination, ' the Lying on of hands,' was given, and the solemn words were uttered, ' Take thou authority to execute the office of a Deacon in the Church of God committed unto thee, in the name of the Father andof the Son and of the Holy Ghost, Amen ' ' The 'Deacon was then invested with the -Stole, and a copy of the New Testament having been delivered into his hands, the Bishop further said to him, ' Take thou authority to read the Gospel in the Church of God, and to preach the same, if thou be thereto licensed by .the Bishop himself.' The Rev. R. W. Thomas then read the special Gospel, and the service of the Holy Communion was pro ceeded with, the Bishop of course being the Celebrant. At the evening service the Rev. R. W. Thomas read the prayers, and the Incumbent the lessons ; and . tlie Bishop preached to a large congregation. Miss Thomas presided at ths organ both morning and evening, and was ably assisted by a full choir. The opportunity of a great beca sicn was also taken advantage of to vest the: altar at St. Luke's with a very handsome frontal of white velvet beautifully embroidered by hand, and a superfrontal of crimson velvet. This was the kind offering of Miss. Mabel Solomons, and had ?been designed and worked at Mrs. Huband-Smith's Ladies' School at Terry's Plains. By the thoughtful kindness also of Masters H. and A. Solomons a set of flower vases were alse presented to the Church. We were sorry to hear that Arch deacon White was taken ill in the afternoon, while preaching at St. Peter's, Wingen, and was still too unwell to take part in the Evening Service at St. Luke's. He was sufficiently recovered, however, to return home next day. 