CHRISTIANITY AND SCHISM. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, A. H. HAMER. I am, &c.;, A BELIEVER. Coonalpyn, February 16, 1893. I am, &c.;, J. HOLVIG. Islington, February 18, 1893. I am, &c.;, JOHN BREE. I am, &c.;, CHARITY. Sir-I truly regret that Mr. Hasting should take offence where none is meant. I am by no means anxious to attach the term "rebel" to any one. But if Mr. Hastinge is not satisfied with the word used will he mention one which will correctly and adequately describe the withdrawal of the old Puritans from the Church of England? Sir. Hastings admits that "if the authority be lawful and unques tionable and always rightly administered it might be rebellion to resist, but not other wise." Surely there can be no authority that is not according to law and therefore un questionable. It is otherwise mere pretence and imposture. But who are to be the judges that authority is rightly administered ? Is it allowable for those under authority, cay soldiers or sailors, to call in question the administration of their commanding officer 1 If they alleged that his authority was not being rightly administered would Mr. Hastings hold that they were entitled to resist ? The holder of authority is responsible to hia superior, though it is allowable for those who think themselves unjustly treated to complain to that superior and seek redress, bat it is not per missible to rebel, disobedience would be mutiny. What does Mr. Hastings mean by exclusively lawful authority 2 Is not all authority exclusive ? Only the person to whom it is given can exercise it. The authority of a captain, admiral, colonel, or general, is ex clusive authority, and lawful in the ship, fleet, regiment, or army over which he is appointed. At tbe same time their commissions exclude them from exercising authority else where. It is the same in the church, which is governed by law and order. The authority of every bishop or curate is exclusively lawful in the diocese 01 cure over which he is placdd. No other, be he primate, archbishop, patriarch, or pope, has a lawful right to interfere un less error or crime be canonically proved against him. It was during the archi episcopates of Parker, Grindal, and Whitgift that Independency came into existence. Will Mr. Hastings affirm that tbe body of clergy by whom their acts were approved were corrupt ? To whom were they a menace and danger? Did they not possess lawful authority ? Can be prove it was not rightly administered, and state in definite terms what and why the old Puritans thought it lawful to resist? Will be slate what law of God or man makes it lawful to resist? St. Paul says:—"Whosoever re eisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God." Will he show that St Paul was wrong? Mr. Hastings will pardon me for putting these questions, but the assertions he makes require support. It, however, strikes me as very strange that Mr. Hastings should be so confident that the Puritans were right in questioning the authority of the bishops, and that he himself should be annoyed that anyone should ques tion his own authority as a minister of Christ It is throwing dust in people's eyes to talk of ''fiery torture," and unwarranted assertion to say "that nonconformity kept the faith of the Church alive and helped to make it purer." It is to nonconformity we owe that the word of God is a forbidden book in the State schools of South Aus tralia. Is that keeping the faith of the Church alive? If Mr. Hastings wants proof of the exclusive valid commission of any individual clergyman, let him apply to any clergyman near to him, and no doubt he will be able to produce letters ot orders signed and sealed by the ordaining bishop, and also a license or some other document limiting the exercise of bis spiritual functions to a certain sphere or cure in -the diocese. The ordaining bishop will also be able to produce the certificate of his consecration and authority to rule over bis diocese. Should Mr. Hasting* wish to continue his investigations further he can consult Dr. Stubbs's "Register of English Bishops. 71 Hut why should he be co particular and so distrustful? I suppose that when tha Chief Justice (I apologise for taking the liberty of using him as an illustration, was admitted to bis important office he was re quired to produoe some document or commis sion before he was allowed to take his seat on the bench. No one would dream of asking him to produce evidence of the legitimacy of all the covereignsot England before recognising the validity of hu commission. That commis sion, or whatever it may be called, was exclu sively valid. It was given to him alone, and it limited his functions to South Australia. The possession of that commission trans formed, if we may use the word, an able lawyer qualified to give trustworthy opinion, but only an opinion, on any point of law, into a judge empowered to give authoritative decisions and definitive interpre tations of the law. Do the Chief Justice and bis colleagues arrogate to themselves in any ppirit of narrowness the right to dole out justice and equity to the people, and yet are they not tha sole dispensers of justice in the Supreme Court and elsewhere in the country ? If they cannot be charged with arrogance why should the clergy Buffer that reproach ? If every competent lawyer were to set himself up as as an administrator of the law, would that contribute to the peace o! the realm ? The confusion that would result in tbe State could hardly equal the confusion that exists in religion. If Me Hastings [ wishes to receive an exclusively valid com mission he may have it by applying to any diocesan bishop, who will not only make it valid, but also exclusive, by entrusting to him the responsibility of administering the doctrine and eacramente and discipline of the church in a tiled cure. Before we can grant that tbe old Puritans did the '* will of the father" in separating from the church we would need further proof. With the quota tion from Lowell I quite agree, and admit that every hereby contains some "germs of goodness and of right." for beresj is usually the distortion of some truth to the injury of some other part' oi tbe faith. I would also remind Mr. Hastings that it is possible for churchmen also to worship "in spirit and truth." A word tc " Charity." Would he also call the Epistle tc St. Jude a "venomous tirade," or accuse the " apostle of love" of uncharity for speaking ol some " who say they are Jews and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan." Truth may not be always palatable, but it need not therefore be venomous. If " Charity" be a churchman, be knows that every clergyman has promised at ordinatiou to give "all faithful diligence tc banisband driveawayail erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word." It if ecarotly consistent with the name "Charity* assumes to style his fellow-worehippen " idle, careless, and godless men and women.' To "Truth Seeker" I apply the words of Meg Merriliee—"You are a good seeker but a ba tinder." I recommend him to apply to Mr. Milne, and perhaps be will find what he seeks for. '"// the schism," he Bays. There is a great deal iv an " if." The facts are found in history, where be will find that tbe Ken conformists resisted both civil and religious authority. The plain construction ehould in form "Truth Seeker" that sedition, privj conspiracy, and rebellion "refer to tbe State;' falbe doctrine, schism, and heresy " refer tc the Church; hardness of heart and contempt of Thy word and commandment" to the in ward state of the mind, which leads people tc defy authority of Church and State. Ii " Truth Seeker" had sought in the proper place he would havo found that the Roman, Greek, and Anglican are, as the names imply, nations! or linguistic divisions or parts of tht Catholic or uuivereal Chinch, each havun valid authority in its own sphere. If bit search had been diligent ho would have learnt that authority to minister in Christ's name if denied to no one who will qualify himself foi it; but "it is not lawful for any one totak< upou bimselt" that high honor and dignity any more thau it is lawful for any oae to cal himsiJf "J.l'." without warrant. Sir —I notice the question of schism baa arisen of late between the Anelican body and the Dissenters, and stones ani being thrown at each other in a manner which must be detri mental to the cause of religion in the world. The question having arisen, "What is the] Church of Christ?" I trust, as one who be lieves in the infallibility of the Word of God —that blessed Book which hau been placed in the hands of the very poorest of God's crea tures—you will allow me to offer ray humble opinion as gathered from the Bible. The Church of Christ was formed at Pentecost by the coming down of the Holy Ghost, who (for he is a living person, John xiv. 16 17) baptises believers into one body accord inp to the promise of the Lord Je^iis to Peter— '" On this rock (that is the confession of Christ as the Son of the Living God) will I build my Church, and the gates of hadea sua.U nut pre vail against it." H<>re is no question of Anglicans or Dissenters, for there were none in existence, not even Jew or Gentile, for on boocininft members of the Church of Christ they ct.ooe to be Jew or Gentile, so that as to eoolesiaetioal iweition neither Antrhcans nor Dissenters find a place in ecripture, for we are all (that is believers) the children of God by faith in Christ Jeaus. In Tain ye ray. " Let wets and eyetemn fall, And Jesus' precioun name lie all in all:" In vain ye «?y. - Uv His blent nuine alone Hid uieinbern 6bould while hrre on earth be known," Yet ciiun to what, that gracious Jttus pains— SciUnaD uolons and seitmrian n«mes And cao it be that "Baptist/1 sveetersounda Than the dear name wbicn each believer own* V Does " Independents tell of Jesus'love. Or eflicacioua in oonveraion prove? Is " Bible Cbris'ian" God'i appointed term By wbiuli U< 'd have mankind Hit own discern ( Or does the Spirit in " The Word" insist Their being known by "Friend" or " Methodist?" I That Word is sik-ot—not one eiogle name Of all the multitudes wliicb now obuiu Ib Eauclioned there, but Ills whose precious Mood Has sanctified tue family of Ooi. Sir—One cannot help contrasting the dieni6od manner in which the controversy on "eohism" has been carried on by the three chief writers, Messrs. Milne, Hamer, and Hastings, with that of tbe caddish preeumer who atvlw hlicarU "C- •• ? * *lw cinrtai? menta are utterly astounding. -j^oii?Mitio? that he noticed the balk of wontoppeMdOTM or gazing about, proves 'T* I*^*X^ *££ must have been in. People often «^J*2? things move when they imbibe too m™ "apiritnal comfort." HadhepnttoPMoeff paper he would never have dated to ntter booii false etatemente. As for " a venomous *«■«?: the Church's greateet opponents wonW uo? -accuse Mr. Milne of delivering one. He W* " th? speaker by virtue of eorplioe and palp* is unassailable." Is not be by virtue (8; ™ assumed name sljbo unassailable ? Ziot turn 4 publish his name, and the place where he eaya he was a lay leader.— Sir—Your correspondent in yonr issue oHJ? 16th inst who signs himself "TruthaeekeET in dealing with the Rev. W. S. Milne'e dia course on " Schism," reciark? that "rebeHioil against the Church of God" can never be justi fiable. I would ask him if the revolt of the "glorious" Reformation gentry was not a most aggressive revolt against the then recognised "true" Church of God! Are we to suppose that up to Lather's rupture from ite fold it had ever been wandering in a maze of error till that proud and ambitious monk was raised np by Providence to set it right? To believe such to have been the case were sheer and unmitigated twaddle; it is tanta mount to eaying that for 1,503 years the loving Saviour of mankind had forsaken the church which he had founded, and to which he be queathed an abiding promise—"The gates of hell shall not prevail against ilf not the church of some 300 years past—die Reforma tion gentry establishment, with its dissolute Henrys and perjured Cranmers. That chnmV eolely originated from these so-called reformers aod their scheming companions, and aa such has absolutely no right wnateoerer to be de nominated "the" Church of Christ. Again, in replying to Me. Milne's statement respect ing " those who come with a valid commission from those in authority," he admits that here be is involved in a dilemma, as fas knows nob "whether this hereditary authority exists-in the Romish, Greek, or Anglican Churches, for all they claim it." I reply that the claims of the, R/im?i Catholic Church when impartially examined Btand pre-eminent and incontestable. Why, even the very creeds in use in the Anglican Church —the rt?hpnp^?f"> and Nictne respectively—were composed and promulgated by two separate councils of the Roman Church, with the Pope at its head. Why, the very calendar prefixed to the Book of Common Prayer is essentially a Roman calendar inasmuch as each saint named in ift was a saint within the pale of the Holy Roman Church. To controvert this will? be very difficult either on the part of Mr. Milne or your correspondents; aod if sanctity be a predominating feature of the " true" Christian Church, thai assuredly the repository of perfect Christianity is the Church of Rome alone, and it is absolutely vain for modern nineteenth century thinkers te endeavor to overrule and gainsay the testi mony and practice of the teamed .Augustine and other early doctors and fathers of the church, who were ever stanch opponents of heresy and echism in every form, aod ever vindicated throughout their lives the claims of the Holy See. The Anglican Church can in no wise lay claim to be the Church of Augustine and of those early martyrs who gladly laid down their lives in defence of the faith of Christ, and I challenge any Anglinan clergyman to controvert my statement. The Church of Rome alone is in full and entire possession of the faith once delivered to the Saints—the ancient and "glorious" ff«.iiJ? cE Sir—Upon reference to the manuscript of my letter, kindly inserted in your issue of February -. 16,1 find an unintentional oversight occurs, being the omission, of the connecting line in my closing remark. It should have read the thirty-eighth and following verses of the 10th . chaDter of the Gosnel according to St. Mark. 