IB BIGHT SORT. A IRomance in Thirty-seven Chapters. By Mrs. Edward Kennard. CHAPTER XII (Continued.) " JDoes the lion growl f asked Kate maliciously.. " Jack," said the old lady, " Come here and answer that question for yourself. Miss Browser wants to know if you growl ?" " Yes, and show fight too, when un fairly attacked," he replied, with meaning. " The lion may be a noble animal, but there are limits even to his endurance." Kate blushed. "Lions are useful occasionally," she said, with a sort of half apology, determined to produce some change in his cool deameanor. " I think we have met before." "I reuember the circumstances well, Miss Browser." " Indeed 1 Your memory appeared to me uncommonly short." "Not shorter, if you will forgive me for saying so, than other peo ple's." " What 1" here- interrupted Mrs. Forrester. " Do you mean to say you two are old acquaintances?" She folt disappointed at finding an introduction had already been efl'ected without her intervention. Her besetting foible consisted in liking to be considered as the mainspring of a clock, without which the works could not fulfil their functions. For the clock to go without lier being instrumental in setting it in motion was a direct infringement of her natural rights. Not precisely old acquaintances," corrected Kate, emphasising the ad jective, " merely very casual ones." " Yes, extremely casual ones," as sented Colonel Clinker, with a readi ness which somehow exasperated her not a little ; "so casual, indeed, that Miss Browser appeared when we last met in tho hunting-field to have totally ignored the existence of so humble a person as myself." "Why, I bowed to you. What more would you have had me do ?" "Oh- nothing,"' with irritating sangfroid.- "A frigid inclination of' the head was sufficient to satisfy my aspirations. I am not ambitious." "Few men are at your time of life, but you appear highly contradictory." " Do I If so I cannot lay claim to any originality. Even ladies are in clined to be so at times." Kate colored asrain. She besran to find this exchange of witticisms less favorable to her own powers of retali ation than she had expected. Her temper was rising. " Come, come Mrs. Forrester ex claimed, once more intervening. " I can't have you two sparring at eacii other. Jack ! I'm curious, and want to know how you made this lady's ac quaintance ?" " That's easily explained," said he. " Miss Browser happened to stand in need of a little assistance one day coming home from hunting, and I was fortunate enough to be able to render it, in place of a groom. Indeed, I'm not quite certain she did not mistake me for one. She probably intended offeringine avacantsituation, forthat is' the only way I can account for the pro found sorrow she expressed on dis covering my ineligibility." He spoke jokingly ; but his eyes fastened themselves upon Kate with an expression of quiet sarcasm. She was clever and quick-witted, and in her intercourse with mon often felt herselt intellectually superior, but for once, beneath that, calm exterior, she recognised a master spirit. She would liked to have trampled on him, to havo beaten him down into the dust, to have shown her own greater power, and then perhaps to have ultimately displayed forgivenness ; but now, to her great surprise, the tables were turned, and she appeared likely to sufler defeat, instead of inflicting it. CHAPTER XIII. In the meantime dinner was an nounced, giving her an opportunity of collecting her wits, for Colonel Clinkor offered his arm to tho hostess, Mr. M'Grath came forward to claim Kate, while Mary Whitbread fell to the portion of the fascinating Captain Fuller, who, however, having lost a considerable sum at his club in town > on Saturday night — or rather Sunday morning — happened to be in a less sprightly and more taciturn mood than usual. After a little preliminary bustle, they seated themselves at table, when Kate found the enemy had taken up a strong position on the right, while Mr. M'Grath supported the left division. " You're looking a little pale this evening, Mrs. Forrester," said he. " Nothing the matter I hope 1 " You're not feeling seedy ? " "A liver- attack," ahe replied with her customary bluntness. " Not very serious, only re quires plenty of fresh air and exercise. One gets fat and lazy in the summer. By-the-bye, Miss Browser, that was a nice, useful-looking nag you were riding to-day. Not so showy, perhaps, as the chestnut, but with capital good points, and looks like a wear-and-tear sort of cus tomer." You've described him to a nicety," said Kate, in reply. " The Duckling is a stout, honest little beast, never sick or sorry, but until he gets excited inclined to take life almost too easily. He lacks the chestnut's dash." " Have you ever ridden him with a spur?" "No, I can't say that I have. To tell tho truth, I feel somewhat afraid of applying it indiscriminately." " Oh, no you wouldn't. You take my advice and ride him in one, if only for a time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse a sluggish horse. They are apt to get cunning when ridden by ladies, and an occasional reminder does them all the good in the world. I know many people object to a one sided spur, and say it's worse than use less, but my experience is exactly tlio reverse. I consider it a most valu able auxiliary, especially with a cer tain class of animal." " Faith ! and a better authority does not exist in the whole of Great Britain," interposed Mr. M'Grath, looking round the table with an ex pression of conviction which seemed to say, " There ! I defy anyone to contra dict that statement 1" "Now, Terry, keep your national blarney for those who appreciate it," returned the old lady vivaciously, "and don't waste your soft sawder upon me. I'm too ancient for that sort of thing, and past the market." " Begad ! but it's rale unkind that ye are, Mrs. Forrester, mavourneen, exclaimed Mr. M'Grath, adopting the very strongest brogue. " And a clever faymale like yerself can always com mand a market." "Thank you, mv good friend ; you are exceedingly flattering, and were I a young girl my head would be quite turned with such a complimentary speech." "Shure, Mrs. Forrester, and if ye were but a wee bit spalpeen, it would be for trying to persuade ye to become Mrs. Terence M'Grath that I should aspire." " Then it's lucky for you that I am not, and you are deterred from com mitting so crownihg an act of folly," retorted tho old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. "Your heart's too big for your body, Terry, and as for /inmrnnn corvco it. 1st nnwfiAro en TWUl VWUJUIU4 -W let us change the subject. Jack," turning to Colonel Clinker, " I've got something to tell you, something I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to consult you about. Are you all attention ?" " Am I not always so' when ad dressed by Mrs. Forrester?" returned he gallantly. " Who is the lady, and why does she seek advice from so in competent a person ?" "A groat friend of yours, Lady Anne Biikett, and she is mad about getting up a ladies' steeplechase. You remombor there was some talk of doing so last winter, only the project fell to tho ground through want of pro'por backing. But this year it appears the old earl has taken up the affair con amore. and has signified his intention of allowing the race to be run over his land, provided some competent person — yourself, for instance — will under take to choose a suitable course, and see that the fences are not too large and dangerous. It won't do, he says, for the ladies to come to grief, neither will he allow the thing to be made public in any way, but if a few of us choose to get it up among ourselves, and can ensure some four or Ave starters, ho will present a handsome silver cup to the winner. Now Lady Anne when she heard you were coming here to-night, particularly asked me to seek your opinion on this momentous question, and engage, if possible, your active co-operation. In fact, she wants you to become the moving spirit, and take the whole thing in hand from first to laat." " Very kind of Lady Anne, I'm sure. But who and what is the field to consist of ? Have you any notion ?" " Why, there'3 Lady Anne herself. She's as keen as mustard about it, not that sho will possess tho ghost of a chance of winning, unless tho earl puts his hand in his pocket and gives her a decent mount. Miss Palliser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. Her ambitious spirit would simply revel in the excitement of a race. I lay any money that she jumps at the idea." " I wish the old scarecrow would jump off the hooks. Nasty, spiteful creature. I hate the very sight of her out hunting 1 Well, . go on, who else?" " Then there are Mrs. Paget and Mrs. Phipps ; perhaps one or two others ; and lastly, with a little per suasion — myself." "Yourself! Capital! That puts a different complexion on the matter altogether. Why, every man in Foxington would turn out to see the celebrated Mrs. Forrestor come gal loping in between the flags on a winning mount. We shall have another feather added to your cap yet." "Or another censorious dart placed in the hands of my enemies," said Mrs. Forrester, whoso eyes failed to be completely blinded by tho honor and glory of this redoubtable pros pect. " I shall be called an old fool for my pains, and not without sorno show of reason, for what's the use of going gallivanting over a country at my time of life. However, Lady Anno left me no peace until I half promised her I would make one of the number." "And quite right, too; the rnce would seem but a very half-hearted' affair without your support." "Oh, nonsonse, Jack ; things would go on exactly the same. Only I help to swell the rank of lunatics, and the more the merrier. Perhaps Miss Browser may be induced to take part in the proceedings. What say you ?" appealing to Kate, " Will you throw in your lot with our daring band of horsewomen ?" "There's nothing in the world I should like better," answered she, with glistening eyes. She had already pic tured to herself tho glorious sensation of piloting King Olaf past the winning post, and had listened breathlessly to everything that had passed between Mrs. Forrester and Colonel Olinker. " But," she added rather lamely, catching an expression of stern disap proval on Mary Whitbread's face, op posite, "but — but " " Well, what ?" interrupted Jack Clinker. " Don't be afraid to mention any scruples you may entertain. " Per haps," and Kate fancied she could detect the least possible sneer, " the project appears too dangerous, and if so, my sympathies are on your side altogether." "Your sympathies are entirely mis placed," said she, tartly, feeling deeply wounded by any implication on her courage. " I am not quite so timid as you seem to imagine, and was not deterred by the possible danger; only," gathering confidence, "should not we be apt to scandalise the good people of the neighborhood, and make ourselves somewhat conspicuous ?" "You are right, Miss Browser, and display sound wisdom in being afraid of their comments. No doubt yoff will gain a very bad name." / He was laughing at her, and she could not endure chaff from him of all people in the world, when up to this mqment he had more or less ignored her existence, and studiously addressed all his conversation to Mrs. Forrester. "I do wish you would not employ that word 'afraid,'" she said irritably. " I detest it ; and, once for all, let me tell you I'm not, afraid of . anything, certainly not of 'a fow ill-natured re marks from people who are perfect strangers to' me. So please banish the idea from your mind." ":The. beauty of it is," said Mrs. Forrester intervening, " people can't talk, for nobody is to know anything about the race outside our own imme diate circle, and snobbishism reigns so supremethat when folks heartheEarl of Huntingshire has been the chief patron and supporter of it scarcely a dissen tient voice will be raised. In order co maintain as much privacy as possible, ho proposes that even tho place of meeting should be kept a profound secret, and only divulged some four- and-twenty hours before the race. However, my dear," turning blandly towards Kate, " we wish everybody to please themselves, and if you have the least hesitation about riding do not scruple to say so." "Hear, hear!" chimed in the Honble. Jack approvingly ; "them's my senti ments, and if I were you, Miss Brow ser, I should decline." "But you are not me," she retorted in an undertone, " and all I decline is the advice so gratuitously offered. Perhaps you will allow mo to judge for myself, and," looking round with an air of defiance and speaking aloud, "my mind is made up. I intend to com pete, since Mrs. Forrester has been good enough to ask me to do so." " That's right, my dear !" exclaimed the lady approvingly. " I told Anno T fftlh nlmrtsf. snra vnn wmilrl imn nnr w.w.ww- — — » W J J — WV.. party ; besides, it would be a shame not to give that beautiful chestnut an opportunity of showing us all his heels. He ought to have an uncommonly good chance of winning. Can he stay ?" "Yes, I think so," answered Kate more placidly. " Have you heard what the distance is to be ?" asked Colonel Clinker. "So much depends upon that, especially with untrained horses, generally as fat as so many bullocks. I should say a two to a two and a half miles course would be amply sufficient. A longer one will only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lay 10 to 1 La Pallisor comes in as blown as a Liver pool chaser." " Well, all such details will probably be loft to you to decide," said Mrs. Forrester. "Lady Anne wants you to go over the first day you can in order to settle preliminaries. You know the big grass- fields within half a mile of the Castle? There was some talk of making one of them the start ing-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to bepluced in your hands." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 