SHORT MEN The short man has suffered much at the hands of writers of fiction. He has never allotted the part of a hero, though there is no valid reason why he should not be. Search through all the fict;on you like and look up all the heroes : they are all tall, every one of them, no matter whether they be black, blue, grey, or tawny. This is what you read: "His tall presence overshawoded and protected her as the pine of Apennines does the strayed and bewildered lamb"; or, "His form, far above the middle hight, appeared before her in the moonligtlt, and she knew that, whatever else happened she was his for ever and ever. It is only a very realistic writer who condeeend& to have a hero of "average hight," and even he is apt to forget himself and make the hero grow long after he is twenty-one, into a "towering form." There is a special brand of humanity kept on tap for heroes, all of them men who would have delighted the heart of Frederick the Great, who is quite welcome, for all we care. On the other hand, the writer, when he has an unsympathetic character to portray, nearly always makes him short. Look at the "attorney ;" he is always made an " under sized " man, though there is no reason why he should be. And the writer, forsooth, never makes his really respectable villain, the man who does the bold murders, the kid nappings, and the big forgeries, particularly short ; only those of his villains are short who are mean and contemptible curs. This is distinctly unfair. It is hardly necessary to add that the same writer,when he wants a butt for the exercise of his wit, or for other characters to play tricks upon, takes a short man for the pur pose. It is always a short man who is ass enough to fall in love with the heroine, without the ghost of a chance, and who is cut out, if not kicked out, directly the hero appears; his blighted hopes are made to look ridiculous, and after a humorous failure at an attempted suicide, he is relegated for consolation to brandy and soda. 