BASIL'S BRIDE. : OITAI'TER XVIH. 'You haven't folt bad to-day, have you, sir'?' asked Jarvis, as ho was as sisting, his master to ' dross for dinnor that ovoning. . . . , . Basil ropliod in tho nogativo, nnd added, — ' 'iTou soo I was right in not sending for a dootor aftor all, though you thought mo so foolhardy, Jarvis.' ' ISxouso mo, sir, I shouldn't talco tho liberty of thinking you foolhardy,' rcmonstratod Jarvis, with dignity. 1 1 know my placo too well. But all tho samo, I should ho mora satisfiod in my mind liko if you had soon ono. To my mind, illnoss should novor bo noglootod.' As ho adjusted his tio, Basil caught a glimpso of tho man's faoo in tho glass. ' Strikos mo you don't look up to much yourself, Jarvis. "What's tho matter?' , . Nothing sir,' but ns tho valot spoko ho oast a quiok , nervous glanoo ovor his shoulder.'' 'That won't do, Jarvis. You don't tako mo in so easily. Aro you ill, too?' "" ' No, sir, not ill oxactly, hut to toll you tho truth, sir, I've had a fright, nnd I linvon't qnito got ovor it.' ' And tho fright ?' 'Wall, sir, it wns liko this. I oamoin nore inst m gut no out ion o oiooic to soo if < ovorything wns right— quito con trary to my usual custom, for gonor- j ally I look in just boforo I go down to tho servants' hall to suppor. The room was pretty darkish, but tho min ute I had closed tho door, I knew thoro was somoono or somothing in it beside myself. Than, as I'm a living mnn, sir, a white figure glided from tho door that loads to your drossing- room, and disappeared as quiotly as the snow falls.', > Basil burst into a laugh. 'A ghost was it?' ''Well," sir, it 'lookod uncommon" like ono.' ( 'Nonsense, ; 'man'.!' oxolaimod his master. . ' It waB doubtloss ono of tho servants." You should have followod her, and investigated tho mystery.' 'That's just what I triod to do, sir. As Booh as I recovered raysolf a bit, I wont ;into, the; -dressing-room, and sonrchod it thoroughly, but thoro was no ono tboro, And ns you know, sir, there aro only two doors in tho dress- ing-room, tho ono loading into tho "bedroom, and tho other to Mrs. Olios- ham's apnrtmonts — and that is always kept locked. I triod it to mnko sure, but it waB quito fast, and, inoro than that, tho key was not in tho lock in the inner side, for I poepod through tho . lcoyliolo. ... I've boon puzzling ovor it all day.' , 'And what's tho conclusion you hnvo oomo to ?' jostingly nskod Basil, who had no faith whatever in nppnri- tions. But this Jarvis declinod to toll him, and, as tho young man left tho room, tho valot shook his bond gloomily. ' Ah, it's all very well for you to laugh and joko, hut it bodos you no good, or else I'm mistnkou,' lio mut- terod, fiie faot being that ho had already talked tho mysterious occurrence ovor with Dawkins, nnd thnt worthy had nt onco put his own intorprotatian on it. ' It wns tho "White Mnidon, Mr. Jarvis, tho Whito Maidon, and nobody else,' ho had said with groat solemn ity. ' Whonovor a Cliosham's going to die, tho "Whito Moidon is seen, wringing her hnnds and wandering about tho house.' .' And who is the Whito Maidon ?' OBked Jarvis, tremblingly. 'Her namo was Avico Ohosham, and she committed suicido in tho xoign of Ohnrlos tho First. Sinco vliwii 11 or Uuuoppy spirit! iitivo w niicou, but it is only visiblo to mortals whon there's going to ho a donth. You may tako your ilavy, Mr. Jarvis, it's Cap tain Chosliara ns is meant this time. I thought there was somothing queor in his face that time he wns took ill on tho terrace. It givo me a turn to soo him, it did.' And so Basil wns doomod, arid Jar vis, who was really much attached to his master, became tho proy of tho gloomiest forebodings. Unoonscious of his impending fato, Basil wont downstairs humming a tuno tb fit Dolores had sung the night be- fpro. Ho was unusually gay at dinnor that night, so much so that his uncle said to him, — 'Why, Basil, what has come ovor you? You are just like you woro ' when you woro a boy frosh homo from cohool. If I wore superstitious I, should say you woro " fey." ' Dolores iisxodwlint " fey" monnl. 'Oh, it is a Scotch word, and it monns that you nro unusually merry on tho vorgo of donth.' Tho young' wife shuddorod. ' What ahorriblo idon ! I wish I. had not nskod tho question.' ' "What nonsonso !' oxolaimod Basil, laughing. 1 Can't ono joko a littlo hit without laying onosolf opon to such an. imputation? I am inoro choorful than usual hocnuso 1 clinnco to ho happier than usual, I expect.' IIo looked across at Boleros, whoso soft, roso-volvot ' cliooks deepened in colour, llor hoart wns healing thiolc and fast, to tho rofrain, " Ho will lovo mo yot, ho will lovo mo yot !" 'Oomo, pass tlio docantor, Basil,' said Lord Chosham, whon tho ladioB hnd loft tlio two gontlomon to tlioir wino. ' You'll novor ho a worthy dos- condnnt of your nnoostors if you don't loam to drink a hottlo of port wino without fooling any tlio woi'BO for it.' Basil dooliuod tho port, and ns soon as ho saw his undo dropping off to his usual aftornoon slumhor ho left tlio room, intending to proaood at onoo to tho drawing-room. But ns lio orosssd tho liall, onco moro that dondly faintnoBS camo ovor him, onco moro that icy hand sooinod to clutoh at his throat. Ho had just strength to roaoli a clinir, and thon for a fow minutes un- consoiousnoss mado ovorything a blank. How long lio stayed thoro ho could not liavo told, hut by degrees liia sonsos rotui'nod and -that awful fooling of suffoontion loft liim. But a horrible nauson and languor romainod. Ho was uttorly unfit to prooood to tho drawing-room, indood, ho could hardly drag liis aching limbs upstairs to his own drossing-room, so wonk was ho. Onco thoro, lio rang tho boll, which wns answorod hy Jarvis. ' Arou't you so well, sir ?' hp nskod, anxiously, turning up the gas, and noticing with consternation the ghastly pallor of Basil's fnco. ' No ; if I'm no hottor in tho morn ing, I'll send for tho dootor. "What I wnnt you to do now is to go down to Lord Ohosham, and tell him I'm not quito tho thing and hnvo gone to bod. But I don't want tho ladies to know this, so nsk his lordship to toll tliom that I am romnining in tho smoking- room.' Jarvis quiotly oxooutod his orrand, and on returning, mndo all hasto to got his mastor into hod. Basil was in no pniii now, but liis vitality seomod absolutely exhausted. 'I wish you would lot mo sit up with you, sir,' ontrontod Jarvis, almost with toars in his oyos, hut Captain Chosham was obdurate, and insistod that ho would sloop muoli bettor if , loft to himsolf. ' Accoruiiigj-y jui'vab xutuuu, imviiig first put out tho light, and Bqsil lay motionless, wntohing tho moonhoams that forcod their way through tho drawn blinds, and wondoring , what could havo caused this mysterious ill noss of his. Tho liouso seomod to him moro quiet than usual, hardly a sound disturbed tho stillnoss. Nnturnlly enough, his thoughts prosontly flow to Doloros. If he woro ill, would sho nurso him ? Would lovo and duty bring hor to him ? Ho hnd lnin tliore nearly an hour, whon tho faint oliolc of tho door load ing into the drossing-room Caroused liis attention. Instantly ho remem bered Jnrvis's story, and lie determined to roninin pprfootly quiet, : nnd soo what happonod. - Ho had not long to wait. A fomalo figuro olothod in whito oamo slowly towards tho bed, looking noithor to tho right or loft, and only pnusing in front of tho little table on which was placed tho glass of lemonade. 3,'ho bod was what is called a ' half tester,' that is to say, it had a canopy above, and ourtains on cither side. But thoso ourtains woro drawn bnok pretty oloso to tho hod-posts, so they did not impodo Basil's view in tho least. Although tho face of tho intrudor wns towards him, hor hack wns to tho light, so ho could not soo her features, but thoro was somothing in the enrringo of tho bond, in thoposo of tlio figuro, that struck him ns familiar. If tlio moon would only como out from behind tlio cloud whioli had momen tarily obscured it ! Ho strainod his oyos to tho utmost, and cnrofully rofrninotl from tho lonBt movoraont — woll nigh hold his brontli' indeod, so that his prosonco could not bo snspootod, for it was easy" to soo that tho woman hnd not tho smallest idon that tho bed had an occupant. While sho stood by tho tnhlo, hor back was half turnod towards him, nevertheless ho could follow lior movomonts perfectly, and ho saw her tako somothing from hor bosom, nnd lonn ovor tho littlo table. As it wns so dusk, slio had to proceed with groat caution, and concentrate hor attontion wholly on lior task. Prosontly Basil hoard tho faint dropping of liquid, and know that bIio was pouring something into tho lomonado. \T. 1. 1.1 . 1 - — M t AlTltliA IffllflAm. I .i\o £iiusu una— uu tvunu nuiiuuii of Jarvis's imagination, hut a oroaturo of llosh nnd hlooil, bent most probably on a mission of evil. A hnndrod thoughts flashed liko lightning through tho young mnn'8 brnin. Ho had only to strotoh out liis hand in order to" grasp tho woman's arm, and thon thoro would hnvo boon no oscapo for hor from that iron grip, nnd tho mystery would havo boon rovoalod. But some justinct withhold him from doing this. Ho wcjfl.d wait and soo tlio oud of lior performance, and ho guidod by ovonts as to liis own con duct, Tho soft splash of tlio falling liquid (Co.asod, tho hottlo that had con tained it was appnyeqlly restored to its formor hiding-placo in it? owner's dross, and tlio figuro jromniwod motion.- loss for a fow soconds, in an attitude of rapt attontion. It soomod to Bnsil that tho boating of hie heart must ho audiblo in tho stillness, nnd yot- — nbovo it, ho honvd nuothor sound, tlio monotonous ' tick tack, tick tack' of tho Bpidor that ignornnt suporstition has callod . tho ' doath-wntch.' Appnrontly that was what tho mysterious lady was listoning to; for Unsil saw a quick, shuddor thrill through hor from hood to foot, and a sigh oscnpod hor lips. Then, with tho samo swift, gliding motion ns boforo, sho rotroatod, hut on hor way somothing dropped from hor dross to tho floor. It wns tho ompty phial, nnd for a littlo while sho gropod about on tlio enrpot, ondoav- ouring to find it. . Evidently hor soarcli was not suc cessful, nor was this surprising whon it is romomborod how dark tho room was. Due slio was clonrly a porson ot oxpodionts, innsmucli as sho enrriod n box of matohos with hor, and ono of those matches sho presently struck. As Bho did so, hor fnco was turnod towards tho bod, and tho light flnmod full upon it. Basil had groat difRoulty in suppressing tho startled cry thnt lonpt to his lips, for in tho nocturnal intruder ho rocognisod his wifo ! chapter xix. Dolores, disappeared through tlio door of tho drossing-room all unwit ting of lior identity having boon dis covered, while Basil lay porfootly still,, his brain in a tumult at tho strango ocourronco of which ho had just boon' witness. ' ' "Whnt was tho meaning of it? Why should his wifo como secretly to his rooms and tamper with the lomonado that sho know it waB liis custom to drink ? What wris tho nature of tho liquid she had poured into it ? Ho struck alight, and sat up in bod to oxamino tho lomonado, and see. if ho could dotoot any foreign substance in it. No, it looked just the samo as usual, noithor clonr nor opnquo ; hut stay ! surely thoro wns a sediment at tho bottom that ought not to he thoro! A vory slight one, it is true, hut still visiblo. Basil put the glass cnrofully on ono sido, of courso resolving not to touoh its contonts ; thon ho foil to thinking again. Jarvis's story, which lie had ridioulod earlier in tho evening, was now corroborated, nnd thoro .was no doubt in his mind that tho womnii in tho wliito dross seen by the valet w4 none other than Doloros. It followod, tlioroforo, that this was not tho first time sho had done this thing; indood, it wns quite possible that this was hor third or fourth visit. She had proceeded so quiotly nnd with Buoli method, that it was clear she hnd her plan of notion sketched out boforohand. Poor Basil oould mnko neither- head. ii u i Luii uut uin; uuu iuiuugu. uii .uia meditations ran an unconfessed. hor ror. Thoro was treachery in it some- where, though whether it originated with Dolores' or not it was hard to say. . pL,'- ' p ' Aftor turning every fiiot over' in his mind again and ngiiin, he :finally'ro- . solved to try .and dismiss it till the morning. ..... ; ' . . ; Daylight is a great iinraveller' of tangled skeins, and' what is at night tlio' most gordian of knots, bcoomes the simplest problem in tho world when tho sunshine lights it up. So he closed his oyos nnd triod to sloop, hut the oifort wns in vain. Tho old nausonting sioknoss roturned, and though unaccompanied this time by faintnoss, it was nevertheless effectual in preventing any hope of slumber. Hot and cold by turns, fovorish and thon icy chill, he passod a night that was verily the most miserable ho had ever spent. Through it all, through tho pain, the terror, tho fearful presentiment of evil, lie wns hnuntod by tho faces of Dolores and Lascellos — Doloros and Lascblles as lie had seou thorn in tho wood, with hor hand raised to his lips. Somotimos ho fancied ho grow de lirious. Strange sights rose before his eyes, strange noises sounded in his enrs. Ho wns in poril — dondly peril. Enemies woro seeking his lifo. Thoy came after him liko some vague horror, black voils over tlioir faces, from which burning eyes looked out all aflame with deadly hatred. Would tho morning novor enmo ? Would the tomblo night enduro for ever? Oil, how lio Mossed those first bars of bold grey light that slanted in through tho drawn blinds — sweet harbingers of daybreak. With them his awful visions disap peared, but cold sweat still lay thiok on his forehead. His heart was boat ing violently, liis head ached, his res piration waB laboured. In a word, there could be no doubt that ho was very ill. ' All the same, I think I'll try nnd get up,' he said to himself, whon tho littlo olook on his mantolpiece chimed out seven silvery strolcos. But whon he essayed to rise ho found himself suddonly weak. His strength had all doparted from him, and ho was woll- nigli as helpless as a littlo child. With a groan ho lot his hoad fall uuuit uu UlU puiuw Ugillll, UUU WU11UU as pationtly ns ho could till oiglit o'olook, wlion Jarvis would, no doubt, bring his shnving-wator ns usual. Punctually ns tlio olook struok Jar vis oamo in, hut ho nearly dropped the water as ho saw his wliito-faood, hollow-eyod mastor. It was difficult to boliovo that a Binglo night oould mnko so much difforonco in any ono. 'I think I siinll have to throw up tho spongo nt Inst, Jarvis,' Bnsil said, with a pitiful smilo, ohsorving tho vnlot's consternation. ' You can send fo? ,r- doctor ns soon as you liko now.' ' I havo flout for ono, sir,' roturned tho man. ' I was so dissatisfied \yitl) your appcaranco iast' night ' that' I detorminocl to send for ono on my own hpoje. I mado 'i'riggs ride ovor to Dr. Blunder's aftor ypj; woro in bed, and nsk him to come ovor first tkjng in tho morning. I'm expecting him ovory minute.' Basil did not find fault with his servant's zenl, as Jarvis half feared ho would. Truo, lie did not profoss much' faith in modiciuo, hut porhaps the roason of liis scopticism was to bo found in tho faot of his nover having boon ill ! Tho valot bustlud about, 'putting tho room to rights,' as ho plirusod it, and wns just about to cart tho lemon- ado off downstairs whon Basil stopped him. ' You can loavo that liore until nf tor tho doctor has boon.' 'But won't you havo Bomo frosh, sir? This has boon standing all night, and you haven't tasted u drop.' 'I linvon't wanted it,' Basil answored, evasively. ' And you so fovorish, too !' oxolaimod tlio vaioc, in a voico oi surprise. ' Why, gonerally, you drink it to tho vory last drop. Thoro hasn't boon a drain to tako down for tho last woelc, I'm euro.' Howovor Jarvis indulged this liarmloss fanoy of his master's, and tho glnss of lomonado remained on the table in its old plnce. Boforo nino o'clock tho doctor ar- rivod. Ho hnd not a pnrticulnrly Inrge prnetico, and tho Ohoshaine, of Ohosham Royal, woro his "swollost" pationts. To obligo thorn, or any one connected with tliom, ho was ready enough to curtail his broakfast, and hurry off on a drivo of a couple of miles, while the dew still lay thiok and sparkling on tho grass. Ho was a short, dark, military-look ing mnn, with n heavy moustaoho ; in point of fact ho had boen nn army surgeon boforo ho finally married and settled down in W -shire. : He lookod vory grave as ho stood by tho bedside, and felt Bnsil's pulse. Jarvis, wno wns stanumg noav, broatliloss with anxiety and ouriosity, was disappointed on being requested to rotire ; hut thoro was nothing loft for him savo ohodienco. ' Now I want you to tell me your symptoms,' tho doctor said, drawing up a chair, and fixing his keen oyos on tho young oflioor's face. ' Don't ho afraid of taking up my timo, hut just describe to mo when and how your illness began, and exactly what your sensations woro.' Basil oboyod, ns succinctly ns ho could, nnd tho doctor lietonod vory at tentively wliilo he was speaking. 'Your first atfack took place on Tuesday. . . This is Friday, so that makes it throo'days ago,' he observed, checking off his statomonts on. his fingers.- .' That attaok was in ' tho afternoon. Tho next day you had. another attaok in the evening — a moro severe one, was it not ?' ' Muoli moro severe.' ' And your third one was last night. That was 1 the worst of all, I take it'?' ! Yes !' / ' Now, I want you to try and re» member what your diet has been during these last fow days.' 'Mv appetite has not been vory good," nnd I have carefully avoidod rich things, hocauso I fancied I was a little bilious,' returned Basil ; . and then he contrived to give the modioal man a pretty accurate answer to his quostion. ' Evidently it is nothing you have oaten,' was Dr. Blundoll's comment, ' Now as to your drink?' ' Olorot for tho most part, with an occasional soda and whiBlcy.' 'Neithor of which oould do you any harm — taken in modoration, of oourso,' added the doctor, quiokly, ' You have not beon taking drugs of any sort?' 'No.' ' Not oven a sleeping-draught ?' ' Not oven a sleeping-draught. But why do you nsk ?' .' Because,' answored the ' modioal man, quiotly, ' my diagnosis of your oaso leads me to suppose your - symp toms are duo to poisoning,' ' To poisoning !' Basil repeated the words in blank horror, while once moro cold drops of perspiration stood on his brow. His heart for a minute ceased beating, then gavo one groat throb, and started off with suoh rapidity that he was almost ohokod. 'To poisoning i'.he said again. Tho dootor noddod, but did not speak. Ho was watching his patient intently. ' It is impossible !' exolaimed Basil, III a imuuj uutuau vuiuo, u.ituiijr uu- like his own. ' Uttorly impossible, I, tell you !'. , , ' My donr sir,' the doctqr said, im- passivoly, ' if you had soon, as muoh of the world as I havo you would not any anything wns impossible. The longer wo live the moro assured wo become of tlint proverb whioh tells us that tfio unexpeatod it is that happens, I don't wish to alarm you unneoessarily, hut you askod mo a plain question, and I gave you a straightforward roply. Ever siuco I bognn prnetico I havo mado it a rule to ho truthful and candid with my patients. It does not always nnswor in individual cases, I confess, but I think it pays in tho long run. In return for my franknoss I shall expect equal candour on your part.' Tlnflil onlrl nrtfrlifrtr "lmf lin ltnrl n-rnwii white tq ' tho lips, as his companion was quiok to note. ' Poisonod !' he muttered half to himsolf, presently. ' Qh, nq, no, I will nqt he|ieve it !i It does not follow that you havo been poisonod purposoly,' put in the dootor, ' It is quito on tho cards that it may havo booh aceidontal.' Basil lookod qt him so curiously thnt tho modioal man's previous idoa that ho was kooping somothing from him waB confirmed. fif'o be Cfmiinncrt.) Our bravest lossons are not lonrnod through success, hut misadvoqtqro. Tho souses qr'q qvpuiieg tq the bicri. Wo must guard tlio outposts if we would preserve tho eitqdol. It sliquld nover bo forgqtten that each onp qf us iq a part qf the very sooioty wo so freoly oritioise. 