THE 'NEW LEARNING.' If any of our readers doubt the originality and genuineness of the ' gems' below, we can only refer them to Miss A. O. Graham, of Anerley, England, who has, the London Ghbe tells us, reoeived a prize from the ' University Correspondent' for the best collection of «school-boy howlers,' from whioh oolleotion these selections are taken: «Eian was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Titus was a. Roman Emparor—supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews—his other name was Oates.— Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put inte prison for his interference in Ireland. Whenhe wasinpriionhe wrote 'Tie Rl- Brim's Progress' and married a lady called Hra. O'fihea.—WeeUy was the founder of the Wealeyan Chapel, who was afterward nailed Lord Wellington; amcmnmeni was erected to him in Hyde Park, Imt It lias been tofea down lately.—What fa Divine Right ? The liberty to do what you Ufa In ohuroh.— Perkin Warbeok raised a rebellion In the reign of Hoary VIIL He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son (if respectable people.—Phosuidans—The inventus of Phoenician blinds.—Baochanel —A native of Beehuana in South Africa.— Chimera—A thing used to take likenesses with.—Watershed—A plaoe in which boats ate stored in winter.—Cynical—A cynical lump of sugar fa one pointed at the top.— Seats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, whioh brought on consumption.— Hamlet was -very weak-minded, fond of study. But was too weak to fulfill his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profains madness, he really only put it on tint some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink and he had put pofain in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the pofain and dies.—What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature? We mean the time of Caedon, who flourished and wrote 'Comus* about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent.—Briefly describe the heart and its function or work.—The heart fa a comical shaped bag. The heart fa devided into several parte by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The funotion of the heart fa between the lcfogi. The work of the heart fa to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What are the met*- morphio rocks f Books that contain meta- phors.—' What fa the matter?' queried a teacher. ' Tou seem to be rather uncomfortable there.' ' I've got the interjeotion, sir,' was the unexpected reply.—Explain the word fort and fortrtsi. A fort is a plaoe to put men in, and a fortress fa a, plaoe to put women in.—What is a Bepublioan ? A Republican fa a sinner mentioned in the Bible. —The two ohief volcanoes in Earope ? Sodom and Gomorrah.' 