BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) FAIRLY good congregations attended at both the Church of England services on the occasion of the Bishop of Melbourne's visit on Wednesday, 9th inst., particularly at the confirmation in the afternoon. In the evening the Bishop preached from the general epistle of Jude, 20th and 21st verses, " But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life," in which he dwelt in an earnest simple style upon the value of the four safeguards embodied therein, and laid especial stress upon the confident hope that the true Christian has of gaining eternal life. A very small proportion of the people of Blackwood appear to be " down in the dumps" on account of financial depression. That is to say if the attendance at the per- formances of the "Baby Nicholl's" troupe in the Blackwood Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday and Thursday last week is to on both occasions was much larger than has been usual in the hall of late, and to judge by the frequent expressions of ap- plause the audience appeared to be well satisfied with the entertainment provided, this consisting for the greater part, of clever delineations of a comic character. At the Blackwood Court of Petty Sessions held on Friday, 11th inst., before Mr. J. J. O'Meara, P.M., and Mr. Jas. Barkla, J.P., the adjourned light-weight bread case was the only one to be dealt with. Mary James v. Henry Hansen. Carrying bread for sale without being provided with a proper beam and scales, and refusing to weigh bread when asked to do so. The P.M. said there were two distinct offences included in the information, and one must be struck out to bring it within the Justices Act. Com- plainant decided to go on with the first neglecting to carry scales. There was a large amount of contradictory evidence given on both sides, which was summarily brought to an end by the Bench intimating that it had been decided to dismiss the case, as the evidence was insufficient for a con- viction. Warden's Court:-Mr. Michael F. Lee appeared to support an application for the forfeiture, on account of non fulfill- ment of the labour covevants, of Lease No. 2,185 held by Mr. R. Stewart, at Wright's Reef. Evidence was put in tending to show that no work whatever had been done on the ground by the lessee. In reply to the Warden the applicant admitted that he would not be able personally to develop the mine, but was confident of being able quickly to float a company that would do so. Mr. R. Ditchburn appeared as agent for Mr. Stewart, and whilst Mr. H. Cann was giving evidence as to the work done on the mine he and Mr. Lee had a consul- tation which ended in Mr. Lee informing the Warden that he would withdraw his application ; it was accordingly struck out. Mr. Ditchburn made an application to have a block of ground at Garibaldi leased to him without the expense of re-survey, as it was identical with the forfeited lease block No. 1,719, formerly held by the Gari baldi Co. Evidence having been given that the necessary formalities, such as peg- ging out, advertising, &c.;, had been com- plied with, the application was approved. The Court then closed. The Lyonville team of footballers who had,lduring the last month, beaten Tren tham by 11 goals to none, and Blue Mountain by 9 to 1, suffered their first defeat for the season at the hands (or feet) of the Blackwood team at the Blackwood ground on Saturday last. The Blackwood men were apparently in their very best form, H. Harper in particular, doing brilliant work all through the game, and the three goals-kicked by J. Harper, W. Roach and T. Maguire respectively--were all the outcome of good play, whilst J. Walters, as goal keeper, often rescued his goal from a dangerous attack by the opposing team. The Lyonville players seemed to be much the fleetest as well as heaviest, and a lot of brilliant work was done by Sutton, well backed up by Conolly, Dore, "Brigham" and others, but their goal shooting was lacking in accuracy, the final scores being, Blackwood 3 goals 2 behinds, and Lyonville 2 goals 9 behinds. The trial crushing of 20 tons from Sweet and Murphy's Black Hill claim yielded at the rate of over half an ounce to the ton. As the reef is a good size, and easily worked, this yield will pay handsomely, particularly as the prospects indicate even a better yield from future crushings. They are now building a substantial log hut on the claim, and intend sinking a shaft to 50ft. deep and breaking out another crushing, as quickly as possible. A good deal of work is being done by prospectors in the vicinity of this claim, but so far without any payable result. The Blackwood branch of the National Bank was definitely closed on Monday last, and although the business necessities of many will compel them to keep up their connection at the Trentham branch, a great number of the bank's smaller cus tomers will dispense with banking assist ance. One of the chief reasons for not acceeding to the wish of the residents to have the bank open here one day a week appears to be the danger to which the official would be exposed in passing to and fro, as he would necessarily be carrying a large sum of money, which it is feared would irresistibly arouse the cupidity of the evil disposed classes. A Chinaman's hut which has long been a landmark on the road to the Blackwood Mineral Spring, but which has been un- tenanted for some time, was rather mys teriously burned down at midnight on Friday, 9thinst. A Chinaman living near by said that "lallikin boy burn'em," but the larrikin may be only a scapegoat in this case. The best time of the year for completing the levelling of the Blackwood Cricket Reserve is rapidly passing away, so it is about time the officials were bestirring themselves to get the work done as soon as possible. It is doubtful if it could pos sibly be done cheaper than at the present time. As regards funds I think a vigorous house to house canvass for subscriptions would be the most effective plan, seeing that the reserve is rapidly coming to be looked upon as a place of popular report by most of the residents of the locality. The librarian of the Blackwood Mech anics' Institute (Mr. E. J. Aston) had the misfortune one day last week to trip over a loose stick in the Mechanics' yard and fell heavily (which his weight of some 18 stone by no means helped to lighten) on to a stump, with the result that one or more of his ribs have been fractured. He is, however, doing as well as could be expected. 