• Jlsew_riEsr published.J all along the .riyer. Miss M. E. BR ADD ON, -i. ■ e - ■ AUTHOR 0? -<<LadyAudlej'« Secret," " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour,": -'.' Aurora-Floyd,'' i_i -""The OloTon Foot,". "Deadllen'e Shoes," "Just us lam," -"P "Taken. / at the - Blood,'! "Phantom Fortune," ' • ' ■ ■ /■A'; -■ -1 ■ . "Uke and Unlike,";" Wearers and Weft,'.' ■ V'.-.-: - tc., &c.; &c.; -Kyi' QczntBLASB .Bights Besibtxo. CHAPTER- XXVII. -• • I,-You,.anb Gob-can Conpeeheni) ' Each OihebT. j T J was t wo months after Allegra's . wedding day, and Martin Disney had' teen warned that the. i closing hour of the young life he' had watched so tenderly •was not far off. It might come to morrow; or it might not come for'n week; or the lingering flame might go flickering on, fainting and reviving in the socket, for another month. Ho must hold him self- prepared for the worst. Death might ' come suddenly at the last, like a thief in the night, or by stealthy, gradual steps, and sloweBt progress from life today. He sat besido Isola'ssofa in the Roman 'lodging as ho had sat bcrideher bed in that long '.-illness at. Trelaseo, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. He watched as faithfully as he had watched then, but this time without hope. Rather Rod well had been with li er at 7 o'clock upon the last three mornings, and had administered the sacrament to Jier and to her husband, and to tho faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety' and love. The priest thought that each celebration would he the last; hut she rallied a" little as the day wore on, and lived'till sunset ; lived through the long, ] painful night, and another • day dawned, and he found her waiting for him in the morning, ready to greet him with her pale smile when ho appeared upon the threshold of her room, after going up the staircase; in saddest appirehension, dread ing to hear that.all was over, except the funeral service and the funeral hell. Sho insisted upon, getting up and going into the drawing-room, feeble as Bhs was. Tabitha was so handy and bo helpful that the. fatigue of an invalid's toilet was lightened to the uttermost. Tabitha and the colonel carried her from the bedroom to the drawing-room upon her couch, and carried the couch' back to the bedside in the evening Sefore noon she was lying in the sunlit saloon; surrounded with Sowers and photographs and books and newspapers, and all things that lighten .the monotonous hours of richness. . Nor was companionship ever wanting. Martin' Disney devoted himself to her With an unfailing patier.cn. Upon no pretence would ho leave her for more than half an hour at a time—just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via de Condotti and the Corso; jiist the space of a cigar in the loggia. He read .to her, he talked to her, ho waited upon her. Tabitha and he wero her obly' nurses ;' for Lottchen was a young woman of profound concentration of. motive, and had early taken unto her self the motto, Ono baby one nurse. Sho conscientiously performed her duty to her infant, charge ; but Bho rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was-drawing towurds the end of July. Tho weather had been lovely hitherto—hot, and very hot. hut hot in supportable for those who could afford to dawdlo and alcep away their midday and afternoon existence—who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings, and a carriage to drive them' in moonlit .gardens and picturesque places. In tho suburbs of the great city, across the arid .Campa'gna yonder, atTivoli, and Fraaeati, •and Albano, and Castel Gandblfo, people 'had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under' Jovo's broad roof, .with_dancicg and sports, and itsusw and •feMtin&Vsnd; rustic, innocent, kisses, snatched amidst the darkness of groves,: whose'; only' lamps /aire - fireflies—deep woods of ilex, where the nightingale sings long and-late, and the grasshopper trills his" good-night through the per formed herbage. Here, in Rome, the heat was more oppressive, and the splashing.of the city's many fountains was the only relief from the glare and dazzle of the piazzas, the vivid whiteness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boulevards. Blinds were, lowered and shops were shut in the blinding noontide heat, and through the early afternoon the eternal city was almost as silent and" reposeful as the Bleeping beauty—to awaken at sundown to movement, and life, and music, and singing in lighted streets and crowded cafes. • •• Suddenly, in the dim gray of the morn ing) ; the slumberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain—torrential rain, that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter, and splashed from every housetop, and ran in; wild cascades from every alley on the steep hillsides. The Campagna was one vast lake illumined with vivid flashes of lightning, and the thunder pealed and reverberated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aqueducts. -The tall cypresses in the Pincian Gardens bent like - saplings before that mighty wind, which seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as.it came tearing down from the hill to whistle and rave among the housetops in the Piazza di Spagna. 'One would think the ghost of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the tem pest,' said Isola, as she listened to the fitful Bobbing of the wind late in the dull gray afternoon; while her husband and Father Rod well sat near her couch, keep ing up that sad pretence of cheerfulness which love struggles to maintain upon tile very edge of the grave—the broken hearted make-believe of those who know. that death waits at the door! . 'Hark,' Blie cried. 'There comes shrill er/ every now and then like the scream of a wicked spirit in pain.' ' Rome is full of ghosts,' answered the priest, ' but there are-the shadows of the good and' the great as well as of the wicked. "Walking along in twilight .on the Aventine, I should hardly he Bur prised to meet the spirit of Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scenes "of his saintly life; nor do I ever go into the Pantheon at dusk without half expecting to seo the shadow of Raffaelle. And there are others—some I knew in the flesh—Wiseman and Antonelli, GibsoD, the sculptor,- consummate artist and gentlest of men—yes, Rome is full of the shadows of the good and t.he wise. One can afford to pnt up with Nero.' ' You don't mean me to think that you believe in ghosts?' asked Isola, deeply interested. It was only 5 o'clock, yet the sky was gray with the grayness of late evening. Hero in this land of light and sunshine thc/o had been all day long the brooding gloom of storm clouds, and a sky that, was dark as winter. ' I won't analyse my own feelings on the subject; I will quote the words of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sit sometimes when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon llozley has not shrunk from facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world—of an invisible after existence upon the earth when the body is dust under the scd. "Is the mother of pur Lord now existing!" he asks, and answers; "Yes. I . believe that all fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters are now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodios as far sb we can trace her work; .but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Yirgil, and in the New Testa ment. This existence I am permitted _to belibveisa conscious and. tutlya "'exis tence." . Canon Mozley,, the Jinan, who wrote those words and much more in the same Btrain, was not an • idle visionary.' If.he could afford to believe in the presence of the dead among us, why "so can I. And I believe that Gregory the Great has whispered at the ear of many l a Holy Father in the long line of his j successors; and has influenced many a I cardinal's vote,' and has been an invisible power in many a council." . 'I like to believe in ghosts,' said Isola gently.;.? But I thank God those that I love are still in this life.' ...'_ She held out her hand with acuriously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it tenderly, bending his lips to kiss tho pale, thin-fingers.' Oh, Death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither .pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false. She had wronged him and dishonoured herself, cruelly, .cruelly, most cruelly ; but she had suf fered and. repented, and she was passing away from him. Let the broken spirit pass iff peaco, let the fainting soul depart in an' atmosphere of love. That day woie. itself out in storm and tempest, and the night came on like a fierce death-struggle; and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night; and again next day there were gloom and darkness, and a sky heaped up with great, lead-coloured clouds; and again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and plashed in the Btreets below ; a dreary day to be. endnred even by tho healthy and the happy—a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to the lowest depth, and for the first time 6incc Alligra's marriage she talked hopelessly of their separation. 'If I-could only see her once more before I die,' she sighed. 'My beloved, you shall see her as soon as. the railway can bring her here. Re uiember, it is you who have forbidden me to send for her.' You know how dearly Bhe loves you—how willingly she would come to you. I'll telegraph to her | within half an hour.' ' Yo, no, no,' Isola protested hurriedly. 'No, we can never meet.again in this world. I took my farewell of her in the church. I meant it to be. farewell. I was very happy,for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. It was a selfish' repining that made ma ask for her just now. I would.not have her | summoned here for worlds. She is so happy at. Venice—happy in her honey moon dream. - Tell her nothing, Martin —nothing till you can tell her that my days have .ended peacefully. She has borne her. burden for me in the past. I | want her to bo free from all care about | me—but not to forget me.' . ' She will not forget, Isola. She loves you fondly and truly,' ; 'Yes, I am sure of that. She was dearer to me than my own sister,: eared for me much more than Gwendoline ever cared, though Gwen and I were' always good friends. Poor, frivolous Gwen! She writes me affectionate letters, hoping sho may get to Italy in the autumn, though it is impossible for herto come just now. ! And mother and father write to me just in tho same way—mother regretting that | her health won't allow, her to leave Dinai), father hoping to see me ill tho autumn. Their letters are full of hope fulness.' Her hnshand read to her for the greater part of the long gloomy day. Ho read St. Thomas a Kcmpis for some part of the time. The hook had been on the little table by her side throughout her ill ness. He read two or three of Frederick Robertson's sermons, and for occasional respite from too serious thought he read her favourite poems—Adonais, Alastor, and some of Shelley's lovely lyrics and those passages in Childo Harold which had acquired a new charm for her since she had grown familiar with Rome. 'Read to me about Venice,' she said, ' and let mo think of Allcgra and Cap tain Hulbert. I love to fancy them glid ing along thoso narrow, picturesque streets in the great, graceful, ponderous gondola I know so well. It is so nice to know of their happiness, and. that they will never be parted,' So the long summer day—withont the glow and glory of summer—wore on, and except for her oxoessive languor and feebleness there were no indications that tho patient's state was any worse than it had been for some weeks. The doctor came late in the afternoon, and felt her puke, and talked to her a little, but it was eaBy to see that his visit was only a formula, and that he had no hope of doing j •her any good. ,':Yon have such' an excellent, nurse, Mrs. Disney, that Lconsider my position almoat n sinecure,' he said, smiling at the faithful Tabitha, who atohd waiting for j his instructions, and 'who never forgot the minutest detail, . v Tabitha came in from the adjoining bedroom every now and then, and ad- ' justed the pillows - on the sofa, and sprinkled eau:de-Cologne,' or fanned the invalid with a large Japanese fan, or arranged the soft silken coverlet over her feet, or brought her some Bmall refresh ment in the way of a cup of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and assisted her to take it, talking , just , as much or' as little as seemed prudent, always careful neither to. fatigue nor to excite her charge. • ■ . - It was between seven and eight in the evening, and there was a gloomy twilight in the loggia, and in the garden beyond.' The wind which had dropped in the after noon had begun to rage again, as if not only Nero but all the wicked emperors were abroad in the air. "Isola had' begged that one of the win dows might be opened, in spite of the. tempestuous weather, and the cold, damp breath of the storm crept into the room and chilled Martin Disney as he sat by his wife's sofa, reading a London paper that had come by the evening post. Tho only artificial light in the room was a reading lamp at the colonel's elbow, shaded from the draught .by the four; leaved screen which protected the invalid. The gloomy gray daylight Jiad not quite faded, and through the half-open: door opposite him Martin Disney saw- the white marble wall of the staircase, and some oleanders in stone vases that stood on the spacious landing. He had been reading to Isola nearly all day. Ho was reading to himself now, trying to forget his own grief in the con- ' sideration of a leading article which pre saged a European war, and the ultimate extinction of English influence in contin ental politics. . There was perfect stillness in the room. • Isola had been lying with closed eyes, a little time before, and be fancied that she was sleeping; The silence had lasted for nearly an hour, broken only by the shriek of the wind, and by the chiming of the quarters from the Church of LaTriuita de* Monte, ' when Colonel Disney was startled from his gloomy study by his wife's hand clutching his arm, and his wife's agitated whisper sounding close to his ear. ' Don't follow him! Don't, Martin, don't 1' She had lifted herself into a sitting position, she who had not sat up for many days. • The hectic bloom had faded from her. cheeks and left them ashy pale. Her eyes seemed almost starting from her head, straining -their gaze as if to pene trate the deepening shadows on the land ing beyond the half-open door. • ' My love, you have been dreaming,' said Disney, soothing her with womanly gentleness. ' Lie down again, my poor dear. See, let me arrange the pillowi and make you quite comfortable.' . 'No, no, I was not dreaming. I .have not been asleep. He was there. I saw him as plainly as I see you. He pushed the door a little further open and looked in at me. I saw his face in the lamplight very pale.' -■ / Disney glanced at the door involun.-" tarily. Yes, the aperture was certainly witter than when he looked at it last, just as. if someone's hand had pushed the door further ajar. The hand of the wind no doubt. ' ■/ 'My dear girl, believe me, you aw dreaming. No one could have ap proached that doorway without my hear ing them.' • I have been lying awake thinking ah the time 'you have been reading yout paper, Martin. I never had les3 inclina tion to sleep. I 'know that he was there looking in at me with a smile upon hit pale face. But he has gone, thank God • ho has gone. Only I can't help woni dering how" he came there, without on!" hearing his step upon the stone stair.' ' "Who was it, Isola?' Ho knew what the answer would he; He thought her mind was wondering, and he knew there was only one image, which could so agitate her. ' Lord Lostwithiel.' ' A delusion, las. Lord Lostwithiel il far away from Rome. Come, dear love, let me read to you again, and let us have our good Tabitha in to cheer yon with a enp of tea, and to brighten up the ropm 'a little. "We have been lapsing into gloom under the influence of the gloomy weather.' : He went out of the room' on pretence of summoning Tabitha,. and haying sent , bier to watch beside, his wife, heratt quickly downstairs to find. put -if.the street door were opes or closed./. The door -was shut and "bolted. The servants on the ground floor had not opened the door to anyone- after five o'clock. There -was no possibility of any I stranger having entered the house Bince that hoar. The end came that night, with an appalling suddenness. Isola had refused to be carried back to her bedroom at the tisual time. She Beemed to have a horror of going into the room, as if the shadows linking there were full of fear. Evan Father Bodwell's presence, which gener ally had a soothing effect upon her nerves and spirits, failed to comfort her to-night. She refused to lio in her usual position, and insisted npon sitting up, supported by pillows, faoing tho doorway at which her fancy had ovoked Lostwithiel's image. She would not allow the door to be shot, and there was the same strained look in her too brilliant eyes all the evening. Father Rodwell read aloud to her, going on with a history of St. Cecilia, in ■which she had been warmly interested; but to-night ho could sec that her | thoughts were not with the book. He went on all the same, hoping that the sound of his voice might lull her to sleep, i The wind had gone down as the night | advanced, and the stars were shining in the strip of sky above the Pincinn Gardens. Colonel Disney was pacing np and down the loggia, smoking his pipe in the cool darkness—full of saddest appre hensions. Her mind had been wandering, Burely, when she had that fancy about Lost withid, he told himself. It was something more than a dream. And then he re membered those long nights of delirium after her boy was horn—and above all, that one night, when she had fancied herself at sea in a storm, when she had tried to fling herself overboard. He knew now what scene she had reacted in that delirium, what the vision was which her wandering mind had conjured cut of the empty darkness. The priest left them before eleven •'clock, and Martin Disney sat with his wife till long after midnight—Tabitba waiting quietly in the nest room—before he could persuade her to go to be3. Isola was more wakeful than usual—though I her slumbers had been much broken of ] late—and there was a restlessness about her which impressed her husband as a I sign of evil. ' Is the storm over ?' she asked, hy-and by, with her face turned towards the loggia and the starlight above the garden. 'Yes, dearest, all is calm now.' • And the boy?' ahe said, suddenly, looking up at the ceiling above which the child slept with his nurse. ' He is asleep, of course.' • 'I hope so. I went upstairs at 9 o'clock, while Father Rodwell was read ing to you, and gave him my good-night kiss. He was fast asleep.' 'I wonder whether he will ever think of me when he is a man,' she said musingly. i ' Can yon doubt that ? Yon will he his most sacred memory.' 'Ah,' she replied, 'he will never know ' The sentence remained unfinished. '."Will yon carry me to my bed, Martin, the room begins to grow dark,' she Bald laintly. ' I can hardly see your face.' He lifted the wasted form in his arms, and carried her with tenderest care into the next room, and to the pure white bed which had been made ready for her, the long net curtains parted, the coverlet turned down. He laid her there, as he had done many anight during that slow and monotonous journey towards the grave ; but her gentle acknowledgment of his carefulness was wanting to-night. Her head sank npon the pillow, her pale lips parted with a faint fluttering sigh, end all was still. This was how the' end came—sud denly, painlessly. She died .like an in fant sinking to sleep. Colonel'Disney laid his wife in the place she had loved, the cemetery under the shadow of the old Roman wall, in a verdant corner-near Shelley's grave. Burial follows death with a dreadful Swiftness in that southern land, and the earth had closed over Isola before noon of the day. after her death. Martin Disney waited to see the new made grave covered with summer's loveliest blossoms before he left the cemetery and went back to the house to which he had taken his fading-wife in the lovely Italian springtime. He paced thedesolaterooms, and wandered in and out "between the drawing-room and the sunny "bedroom; with its snowy curtained-bed, and looked at this object and that, with tear-dimmed eyes and an aching heart. He had telegraphed the day before to Captain Hulbert at Yenice, but there had been no reply so far, and he could only | suppose that Allegro and her husband had i left tho city upon one of those excursions which his siBter had described to him as diversifying their quiet life in their rooms on tho grand canal. He had not been at home long, and his tired eyes were still dazed and blinded by tho flood of sun light which tho servants had let in upon the rooms after the funeral, when a tele gram was brought to him. It was from Brindisi. ' The Earydica went down with all hands last night off Smyrna. My brother was on board. I am on my way to Greece. If you cap bo spared go to Allegro—Hulbert.' Martin Disney knew later that it was between 7 and 8 o'clock that the Eury dice struck upon a rook, and every soul on board her perished. Tho boy and his nurse went hack to Trelasco under Tabitha's escort, and were followed to Cornwall soon afterwards by the new Lord Lostwithiel and his wife, who established themselves at the Monnt, to the great satisfaction of the neighbour hood, where it was felt that the local nobleman bad now become a psrmonentin stitution. Allegro and her husband took Marlin Disney's son under their protec tion in the absence of bis father, who was fighting in the Soudan, and who did not revisit the Angler's Hest till two years after his wife's death, when he returned, honourably distinguished by bis services, a V.C., and a broken man; returned to livo a tranquil life among the books in the library which he had built for himself, and to watch the growth of his son, whoss every look and tone recalled the image of liis dead wife. Sometimes on drowsy summer afternoons, smoking his pipe under the tulip tree, while the Eowey I River rippled by in the sunshine, it seemed : to him as if Isola's pensive loveliness, and the years that he had lived with her, and i the tears that ho had shed for her, and the | infinite pity which had blotted ont all sense of his deep wrong, were only the transcient phases of one long melancholy dream—the dream of a love that wfls never retained. 'And yet, and yet,' he said to himBelf, after lengthened meditation, with un seeing eyes fixed upon the movement of the tide, ' I think she loved me. I think her heart was mine from the hour her tears welcomed me back to this house, until her last sigh. God help all young wives whom their husbands leave alone in their youth and beauty to stand or fall in the hour of temptation.' Idly exploring the contents of the sec retaire in the drawing-room one day, Martin Disney found the telegraphic message which his wife had written—and leftunsent—before the hunt hall. The Esd, FOR LASSITUDE, TORPIDITY, SOUR STOMACH, INDIGESTION,; HEADACHE, BACKACHE^ &c.j; Tate a couple of Fletcher's Pills every second night; they are a prompt and sure cure and give certain relief. FLETCHER'S PILLS are a quiet, sure and reliable remedy for all complaints arising from torpid liver, indigestion, Treat stomach, and impurities of the blood. They are prepared on rational and sensible lines and do not contain a particle of calomel, gamboge, or any drastic purgative, but operate by perfectly natural means, by stimulating tbe liver and increasing the flow of bile and thus producing easy evacuations and natural catharses without the annoyance and pain of griping and purging. Beware of the many harmful substitutes on sale in many shops. None are genuine unless they bear the signature of P. Moore' Clements on the outside wrapper. CLEMENTS TONIC and FLETCHER'S PILLS have become such household words that imitations are frequently offered. We contend that this imitation is the sincerest proof of their virtues, so see that you always get the genuine, bearing tbe name and address of F. M. Clements, Newtown, Sydney. There arc said to be 150 cooldng schools in Germany and Austria. Pupils begin at the lowest rung of the ladder and work up gra dually. It takes four years to complete the course. In the annual competitive examina tions as many as 200 chefs take part. The Japanese child begins bis tea drinking and rice eating at a very tender age, tbe first draught of tea being given as soon as the child is weaned. The rice is • irved hot at breakfast and at dinner, and cold for supper, with hot tea poured on it. "No Nipponito mother of the old and really only interesting Japanese school," says a writer, "is able to coax-her < self to give the child of her bosom cow's milk, * the milk of a brute,' as she contemptuously terms the beverage." 