CHAPTER VII. A STRANGE SIN. As the events which I have been describing happened 20 years ago, and no one immediately concerned in the case is likely to suffer through the truth being made known, I give below part of a letter which I received from Mr. Armstrong on the day following his arrest. He began by solemnly charging me to make no attempt either to defend him or to obtain his release, and then went on as follows :— ' When I was quite a young man— excitable, emotional, and of a deeply religious temperament—I was suddenly subjected to a terrible temptation, to which, in a moment of unexpected weakness, I yielded. The thing was hardly done before I was overwhelmed with the most awful remorse—remorse which was the more agonising from the fact that I was unable to satisfy my conscience by making reparation for the wrong I had done, or by confessing my guilt. ' Reparation there could be none, for what had been done could never be undone; and the consolation of confession was equally denied me, for to have made known my sin would have brought misery and disgrace upon the innocent. ' You may call me morbid, or even mad, if you will, but God is my witness from that day to this I have never known a moment's peace of mind. Life closed for me in the hour of the committal of that crime, and the thing which has borne my likeness is not myself but my phantom. ' I have stood aside and watched life's dance of passion and joy go by, knowing that I was but a ghost, and had no part to play among living men and women. Dare I, who knew that I had no right to take the hand of an honest man in friendship, offer my love to any woman I honoured and loved ? If I could only have made confession of my crime, if I could only have stood forth for what I was before all, I might at last have proved my repentance, and have earned the right to my own and to others' respect. But confession and atonement were, for the reasons I have stated, alike denied me ; and from that day to this I have walked the world conscious that I was a living, incarnate Lie—a thing which seemed white and fair before men, but which knew itself to be one of the foulest and most loathsome creatures that defile God's earth. ' Can you understand now why it was that I was always solitary, brooding, and melancholy ? Can you wonder now why every thoughtless word of praise was to me—who knew myself for what I was, and who was seeking, by the complete surrender and sacrifice of self, to atone for the one irreparable wrong I had done—like the tearing away, by a rude hand, of the bandage, from an unhealed wound ? I have got up in the night, after hearing such words of praise, and looked at my reflection in the glass, until I saw such loathing of myself, expressed upon the uncanny ghost-face which loomed out at me from the silver twilight, that I could meet the look in those eyes no longer, and slunk and stole away, with a furtive, backward-east glance, like a guilty thing surprised : and I remember that once in my hatred and abhorrence of myself I struck the grinning thing with my clenched fist, cutting my flesh to the bone and shivering the glass to atoms. ' At last I felt that I could bear the burden of my sin no more. To stand in the dock, or on the scaffold, would be a very heaven compared to the hell of remorse and self-loathing to which I was each day condemned. ' And so it was that I determined to commit, or go through a form of committing (for the thing itself I had no feeling but loathing and abhorrence), the offence with which I am charged, and I planned it to take place at such a time and under such circumstances that detection and conviction were inevitable. ' The rest you know ; and you know now, too, why I have forbidden, you to take any steps to defend me or to explain away my crime. To do so would be to rob me of the one thing for which I have longed as man never longed for woman, the starving for bread, or the dying for life. The cup of shame which I hold to my lips is sweeter to me than ever was sunlight to the prisoner in a I shall not step into eternf^^^Tn«ra^- nate Lie-now at last I can face God and man and my conscience again, for, if I am known and branded as a criminal, I am at least not that foulest of all foul things which defiles God's earth —an unsuspected hypocrite!' _____________________ John Brodie Collins, who was sentenced at the last sittings of the Toowoomba Dis trict Court to twelve months for stealing a watch, and released under the First Of fenders' Probation Act, was, on Monday, charged, before Captain Goodall, P.M., with indecent exposure. After evidence had been taken, he was sentenced to one | month's imprisonment. Never in the history of Dubbo (says the LIBERAL) has there been the same com plaint of dull times, and the business peo ple are feeling the pinch keenly. Even where business is transacted it is on the objectionable credit system, and the strongs est firms complain of the almost utter ab sence of ready money. 