THOUGHTS FROM SIB WAliTEB SCOTT. Sensibility. — Sensibility is-' nature's Celestial spring. ' Ihtebatcre.— Litoratnre is a great tfiafij bnt a very sorry crutch. Ambition. — Ambition breaks tbe ties Cfblood, and forgets the obligations of gratitude. _ Necessity. — Necessity, thbu art the best of; pcacelha£crs, . as - jv'dl as the aurest prompter "of ihTchtions.' -, Teaes. — Tears are the softening show- era which cause the seed of heaven to spring up in thehuman heart. ' ; Ccbse. — Donna curse him, -sir. : I have heard a man say that a .curee was lite a stone iluhg up to the heavens, and maist like to return on his head thai sent it. Feiend.— There is, perhaps, no time at which wo are disposed to think' so highly of a friend as when we find him Standing highor than we expected in the Asteem of others. Self-denial.—' Teach self denial and make its praotice pleasureahle, .and you' create for the world a . destiny' .niore sublime than ever issued"i± ' the brain of the wildest. dreamer.,' Meanness. — Meanness ' doth contract cnd.naixow out Benevolence; and cause as, . like ' serpents, ; to iitfolfl 'ourselves within ourselves and .to.'thn)' .out oar filing to all the world besides, V " ' Adveesitv. — Adversity is. ' like .. the period of the former and of the latter cain— cold, .comfortless, 'unfriendly to man and animal ; yet from that season have their birth the. flowers and,, the fruit, the date, the rose; and the pomegranate. ' 'Sentiment.— I have heard higher centiment from tho lips of poor unedu cated men and women, when . exerting the spirit of severe, yet gentle, horoiBin under difficulties and- afflictions, or speaking their simple thoughts as to . circumstances in the lot of .friends and neighbors, than I have ever yet met with, except in .the pages of the Bible. Wobld. — The world is a dream within a dream ; and as wo grow oldor each stop is ..an awakening. The youth thinks from childhood ; the full-grown man despises the pursuits of youth as visionary ; and the old: man looks on mankind as a feverish dream.. Death . the last sleep. Not it is the last and final awakening. . .. .. Time. — The time whioh passes over onr heads so imperceptibly makes the same gradual change in habits, man ners, and character, as in personal ap pearances.' At the revolution of every five years we find ourselves another and yet the same; 'there is a change of views, and no less of the light in which we regard them, a change of motives as well as of action. Guilt. — Guilt, though it may attain temporal splendor, oan never confer real happiness. The evident conse- \ qnences of our crimes long survive their commission, and,' like the ghosts of. the murdered, for over haunt the steps of tho malefactor ; while the paths of virtue, though seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. Cbowd. — A crowd is that gay and splendid confusion in whioh the eye of youth sees- all that is bravo and bril liant; and that of experience much that is doubtful, dccoitful, false, and hollow ; hopos that will nover bo grati- ' fied ; promises that will never be ful filled ; pride in the guiso of hnmility, and intolerenoe in that of fraud and generous bounty. Man. — The man deserving the name Is one whoso thoughts and exertions are for others, rather than himself ; whose high purpose is adopted on high principles, and nover abandoned while heaven or earth affords the means of : accomplishing it ; ho is one who will neither seek an indirect advantage by a specions word, nor take an evil path to securo a. real good, purposo. Such a man were one for whom a woman's " heart should beat constant while ho breathes, and break when ho dies. Mrs. B.: "Johnnie brofco a pane of glass but, as lie told me abont it at once, I gave . him. on apple." : Mrt. C..: "That will tcackhim a lesson. riSIm. B." : I'm afraid not.' Aa soon as ho had eaten tUo apple ho wont and broke another window." \- -t'Nono hat tho brave deserve the fair," and none but tho.brayo.ctin.livc with soma of (host. . . \v No.opo bvor' thought of the disadvaut- ago.-of boring hut one r jhoirai tiff it. was . discovered that Ifars hcd seyraL Now we're joalo;. Somo people are never . satisfied with what they hare.- . 