fit lliteiitc Paaib PUBLISHED DAILY. EoHUCi : Saturday, Fediiuaut 4, 1893. Police Coobt.—Tho only business trans acted at tho Echuca Police Court yesterday was a small debt oaso. Mossrs Kelly and White, J'b.P., occupiod tho bonoli. Lectuub on Astronomy.—Last evening Mr Ferris delivered a looture on astronomy at the Ohurch of England schoolroom. Tho attendance was very inongro, but thoso who were there woro rewarded by hearing a really good exposition of tho subjeot of tho heavenly bodies. Insolvency Meeting.—A mooting of credi tors in tlio estato of .lolm Morton, of Nanncolla, was hold at tho court houso Echuca, on Thursday, boforo tho chief clerk, Mr It. Knight. Soveral creditors wore'present and Mr P. Doherty, • of Ko hestor, was ap pointed trustco. AnniversaiiyTba-Miiktj.ny.).—On Wednes day noxt, February 8th, tho anniversary tea-meeting in connection with tho Ohurch of Christ, will be held in tho Chapel, Packunlmm street. Mr W. D. Little will dolivur an entertaining lecturotto on "Elder Jolm Smith," and music will bo rendered by a competent choir. Presbyterian Literary Association.— Tho usual fortnightly mooting of tho abovo was held at tho church 011 Thursday last, Vico-Presidont A. Camoron occupying tho chair. There was a very good attendance. The programme for tho evening was essays arid prepared speeches. Fivo essays wore read by tlo secretary, and the chairman gave a prepared speech. After each number oriti cismu wore indulged in ; altogothor A Tory pleasant evening was spent, Tailoring.—Mr Lugg, tho representative! ■ of Tippett and Olomonoo, will ho in Eohuca from Tuosday till Friday next, when cue torn-' era will bo waited on. ■ I" / Musical.—The following extract' is taken from tlio Ballarat Courier:—Wo learn that Mr OharloB Payntor, tho well known musio teacher, had left Ballarat for Eohuco. Mr Payntor lias-had to diaeontinuo hia largo con nection here on account of his health,and it is hopod the'olimato of Eohuca will agroo with his conatitution, and that hia health will improvo a.-. . ho will bona aucceasful in hia profession thore as ho haa boon hero. Departmental Gallaxtrv. — Whether from pure gallantry to tho fair oox or motives which will bo found to havo their origin in strict business principles, the Railway Com missioners have (says tho Argus) decided upon a now departure likoly to be duly appreciated. It has been arranged that married women whose husbands, lioldors of periodical tickets, shall havo tho privilege of obtaining similar tickets at half rates, pro vided that they aro not engaged in any daily buaineaa. Ladies who have not yet takon a partner for lifo may bo inelinod to question tho genuineness of a gallantry which excludes them from consideration, but it may be men tioned for their satisfaction that tho commis sioners have in contemplation the advisability of extending tho concession to daughters of tho holders of periodicol tickets. Farcical Cricket. — Tho Evening Neva (N.S.W.) -thus describes the finish of tho match between Victoria and New South Wales : The intercolonial match ended in a farce puro and simplo. Ac1; I: A wounded warrior wont to the wickets, after retiring (hurt) on the previous day, to try to clear off 232 runs (tho number the home team was behind) with the assistance of Pierce. Act II: The members of the Victorian team took thoir places in the field with much disgust. Act IIT: M'Leod bowled at Turner nice slow jobs for fear the batsman would be injured ag .in and not be able to go to England. At the thirl delivcsy Turner gave*jump not unliko a handspring turned backwards, touched tho ball, and Trumblo caught it I Thus ended the fiftieth cricket match betwoon Victoria and Now South Walos. Spectators : Three nion, a boy, and " Ned" Gregory's old horse 1 Outrageous Behaviour of a Rasoeu.— On Wednesday night at a late hour, a uniformed member of the F company of Vic torian Rangors caused a vast amount of con-, stornation on his way. homo. His name is William Kyon, and he residos at Myers' Flat. On Wodnesday ho was present at the parade of tho various companies in Bondigo, and during the night got into tho Catherine^ Reef Hotel in Pegleg road. Here, it is said, ho proved quarrelsome, and struck several persons in tho bar. _ Going outside ho had an altercation with James Conway, and fired a shot from his rifle at a horae belonging to the latter, which was standing on tho road Fortunately this was without effoct, Tho landlady of tho hotol was away from homo, and tho barmaid, terrified at the excited de meanor of, tho man, closed' the doors and windows. This appears to have further in censed him, and drawinghis bayonet he stuck it through the door. Going to the back he also stuck it through a window through which tho barmaid had beon looking. Information had boon sent to tho police, and Sergeant Gloeson and Constablo Roscrow wont in search of the man. Bythistlmoho had left the hotel, and was proceeding along tho road homowarda. The police kept him in sight, and along tho road other shots wero fired, and he also threw the bayonet at some goats by tho roadside. On reaching his homo Ryan fired six further shots, and it appears that hia wife then secured tho riflo and hid it outside. The excited husband went outside with the bayonet, and made a lunge with tho weapon at a boy who happened to be thore, and coming round tlie cornor ran into the stalwart arms of Sorgeant Gloeson. Tho polico wore wise in resorting to strategy, aa an arrest, if otherwise ma Ie, might havo led to serious results. He was convoyed to the watchhouso, and atalato hour Dr. M'Kec was called to examine him to ascortain if the boha'vior was the result of a sunstroke. The doctor was of opinion that Ryan was neither drunk or suffering from sunstroke. Thic senseless conduct is, therefore, the more deserving of condemnation. Ho assorts that tho cartridges fired wore blank ones, but wlion lie was arrested there woro nine ball cartridges found on him. Ho will appear beforo tho court in duo r.ourso. An Intercolonial Exhibition. —Tho question of restoring public confidence in tlio stability of our eolony and revivifying oil those important producing and manufactur ing interests, which from a varioty of causes have fallen into a state of stagnation, ha3 seriously occupied tho ininda of our leading statesmen and commorcial magnatos, Meet ings havo been hold and the matter carefully threshed out. After mature con sideration it has beon unanimously decided that no better tonic can be administered than an Intercolonial Wino, Fruit, Grain and General Products Exhibition. Tho idea onco promulgated has beon taken up with enthusiasm. His Excelloncy the Govonor, with that lively interest which ho has always manifested in tho affairs of _ tho colony, at once consented to become a patron, and his example haa beon followed by tho Governors of the other colonies, tho heads of the principal denominations, and a number of loading citizens. Under tho presidency of Sir Georgo Verdon, K.G.M.G., a powerful executive haa beon formed, having joined with them in tha oontrol of affairs a numer ous body of producers, manufacturers and others, who will act as sectional committees. Dispensing qntiroly with the pornioious system of milking tho state cow, tho neoos sary funds have boon guaranteed by those gontlomon, and it has boon docided to make no charge for spaco. Tho exhibition will bo opened on tho 23rd March next, in the Molbourne Exhibition Building, and the boon of free carriage of oxhibits haa been granted by tho Railway Department. A magnificient opportunity is thus offered of stimulating tho development of our national resourcos, our products will be Bliown in friendly rivalry with those of our Austrulisian neighbours, and suroly tho bonofits- of fodoration could not be bottor domonstratod than by such an objoct lesson as this gathoring will afford. In ovory way it is to bo commended. It is pleasant to note that tho soheme has received the support and active co-oporation of tho various agricultural and horticultural as sociations, as woll as of kindred institutions, and poultry socioty, and tho] various butter factories and creameries. In short wo can not urge in too strong terms tho importance of this district being thoroughly represented. As pointed out, tho cost to the exhibitor Is nothing, and ho will at tho same time par ticipate in the award of tho usual medal and diploma. Further information can ho obtained on application to tho Secretary, Mr D. M. Camoron, Exhibition Buildings, to I whom application for apaco must be sout by 1st March. Messrs Slmckoll, Whito and Co. will to day niter for. salo^ by auction, lit their yards, Mr John Stimuli's farm of H70a.' at Turrum liorry. On Tuesd y they will hold a clear iug sale of Mr Quado's land, stock, otc., at Simpson's Punt, and on Thursday (in con junction with tho Murray River Stock Co.) thuy will hold a clearing sale at Tongala for Mr Frcnvd, when they will submit two blocks of land and all his surplus' imple ments, including a harvester, reaper and binder, waggon, dray, clod crusher, iron roller, pigs, c.ittlo shoop, etc. . Mr J. S. Kelly will soli by public auc tion a1, his oflice at throe o'clock to-day. Sirs M. M'Nair's farm of 220 acres at Wharpavilla about 7 miles out, and lier'grazing paddock of 75 acres at Torricks East. Ho will ..ulso sell at tho same time, Mr Nichol Mercer's freehold farm of 2(15 acres, Turrumberry North. Full particulars of tho various blocks are to be seen in our advertising columns, Ib will be' soon by reference to our adver tising c'dlurita!) tllat the Echuoa Gramftmr, Soh'ool for boys and girlft (vUl bo opened noib Monday, 6th inat. by Mr Flanagan, who ,cornea with high erodontials. Ho is a cortificatod teaolier of tho first-class under tho Irish Education Board, and acquired the higheat distinction of assistant professor or training assistant at tho Marlborough Central Training College. He has taught in several colleges in Iroland, amongeb othors in Clongowoswood College, whero he was auccessful in passing Btudonto for tho matriculation of tho Royal University, Ireland, of which lie is a momber, also for tho junior and senior grades of tho Inter mediate Education Board. Ho was appointed examiner by tho Commissioners of the Inter mediate Education Board, Iroland, in June. 1880\. In St Ignatius College, Sydnoy, his pupils woro very successful at tho senior and junior University exams, and at tho matric. of tho Sydnoy University. During the two years ho was teaching at the Holy Ghost Colloge, Ballarat, lie gained many successos at tho Publio Service exam. and mntriu. of tho Melbourne University, "or tho past two and a half years ho has been head master of St Kilian's, Bendigo. Mr Flanagan dosiros to intimate that tho first quarter will begin on Monday, and that all quarters will bo equal length. Painless Dentistry.—Mr W. Ball, F.M.R.S., Surgeon Doutist (lato Collins- street, Molbourno) has commenced practice at Echuca. Artificial teeth fitted on gold vulcanite. Teeth stopped; discolored tooth sealed ; chil dren's regulated. Mr Ball visits Kyabram and Rocheatorrogularly. Hours 9 tills. Sur gery at Millewa Chambers High-street. Echuca Until further notice, Mr W. Ball will bo out of town every Thursday and Friday. 