THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. Br GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of "?o'9 I, The Story of a Double Life," 11 The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," etc. WIHY RAVE SOU FOLLOWED CIB IIERE ? UHAPTER XII.-LovE's You.vS DnEMr. Wallard's friend, Gard, quiukly beckoned to a hansom and it was by his side almost immediately. " You see that four- wheeler just starting P" 18 Yes, sir." "Follow it up. Do not lose sight of it for a moment. When it stops at a hotel drive slowly on past it, till you see the fares leave." " Right you are," said the cabby, and the chase began. It was, however, one of no great length or difficulty. The cab drew up at the L- , and the partly alighted and entered, after Captain Gregory had paid the fare. Wallard was nut a very early riser, but about twelve next day his private hansom ran him quickly down to the L---. "Wait," said Wallard. He entered the hotel, some waiters who stood about obsequiously bowing to him as he passed them. These men knew a private hansom from a public one, and were of that class who honor heavy gold chains and diamond rings, whether false or real. "Bedroom, sir?" " No, thank you. Fact is some friends of mine, I believe, are staying here, and I want -to surprise them." "What name, sir ?" "Ah! I believe they are travelling incog." He nodded and smiled. "Honeymooning; eh, sir " "Something of that, sort." "One a seafaring-looking gent ? His wife, much younger, petite and pretty; a very beautiful girl, perhaps a daughter of the gent's by a former marriage. How'd that anit, sir?" "The very thing; but was there not a young man?" " h I yes; visitor, undoubtedly, and the girl's lover quite as undoubtedly." Half a sovereign at this stage of the con -wersation found its way into the clerk's hand. "I wish to see the elder lady alone.. Can We manage it?" SCertainly, sir, but- " "But what?" '" They went away this morning." "Whew-w-w!" *histled Wallard. .fcr " Did the porter note the number of the :flyl"' "I believe so, sir." The orter had noted the number, and it took Wallard all that day to obtain further Information. -At'the conclusion thereof all that he had found out was that 12,008 had driven three of the party to St. Pancras and left them there. Whither they were going he could not tell. He had got another fare and gone off. Nor could the sight of gold stimulate the memory of the railway porter, who usually labels the luggage for the North. I fear Wallard would have made but a poor detective. However, he succeeded at last in finding out at the I- that the arty had come direct from a certain well known old-fashioned inn up in the lake district. So Wallard made preparation for an ex Stended tour. He would trace them back wards, as he had failed to trace them for wards. One thing, at least, he had found out-their names, Tom Gregory and Mrs -Gregory and Rose Roberts were written in the visitors' book plainly enough, and Winnie's husband did not look like a man -who would trouble himself to travel incog. He was said to be a seafaring-looking gent. This, Wallard himself could confirm, but for all that he might be a coal and coke *merchant, a 'bus proprietor or a cattle dealer. So this helped him but little. However, to a considerable extent Wallard was now in his element. He had something to do of an exciting nature, a game to play, a mystery to unravel, revenge to take, and, above all, probably a young and beautiful girl to fascinate as a guerdon of success. Since many, many years ago a relative of his had died and left him a legacy that placed a life-long barrier betwixt him and the pos sibility of poverty, time had upon the whole hung somewhat heavily on Wallard's hands. He had soon exhausted all the ordinary pleasures of life, at least all of them he cared to try. For Wallard was no fool; he had never lost much money on horse- racing, he went in for the turf just as he at times went In for baccarat or loo, or the small stake sys tem, merely enough to create interest and a pleasant kind of excitement that tended o grease the wheels of lagging -time.. But he had never been either drunkard, drinking man, or -rone, so at thirty- five we find him looking very little older than many men of eight-and twenty. His one failing was the fair sex. Wo gain any kind of a victory over a lovely . man, or to secure any sort of favor -from ber was worth, to his way of thinking, 'iy amount of trouble, or expense either. A lbvely woman, Wallard had told his com paumons many times and oft, was the only stake in this world worth playing for, and if 'there was a man in the way, whether that man were a brother, a lover or a husband, it onlymade the sametentimesmore worth play -ing for. As a very young man, Wallard had been very engaging, as many of the lady passengers in the ship in which he acted as paymaster knew to their cost, but now he was doubly captivating, doubly dangerous-and he know it. The knowledge created plea anres within his breast, adding also to the -sang froid of his manner and very much Indeed to his innate self conceit. But his experience told him that, as a rule, women did not object to a little conceit or vanity in a man, and that they were very much in slined to take him at the value at which he rated himself. So now, Wallard was once more on the warpath. He was a private detective, but aoting on his own responsibility, and entirely on his own behalf. Well, there are two sorts of detectives. There is the exceedingly clever class, who *having once found a clue, should it bebut a woman's hair on the sleeve of a coat, or a dash of some peculiar perfume in a handker chief, build up a sturdy pathway on or from that hair or perfume which leads them undoe * viatingly on to suecess. This class of detec. tives is only found in the stories or tales of bthe sensational novelist, and niever in real life by any chance whla'ever. Poets nascitu? -non fit they say of the bird, but it seems to sme to be quite the reverse with the detective -fit non nasoitur. He must be a plodding, -Industrious fellow, able, of course, to put that and that together, and to follow up a -lue in a very indefatigable, but often enough in a very clumsy wayIndeed. And Wallard was neither better nor wores than the ordinary Scotland Yard man. Bul he had the gift of paticnuo, and now whilb -doing his best to unearth his quarry, he did -not for a moment lose sight of the pleasure. of life. He came back froee the Lake district, how. 298) ever, figuratively speaking, with his finger in his mouth. " Everythinor comes to him who can wait," he told Gard when rallied on the non success of his mission. " I'm going to bide my time, Gard, my boy. The grapes are barely ripe, anyhow." Meanwhile the wieter wore away, and Gregory's ship was once more reported ready for sea. Fain indeed would Winnie have kept her husband at home, and sad was her heart when she bade her sailor farewell. Something, she knew not what, seemed hang ing over her. Her husband might die or be lost. His ship might never return, or in his absence something might ocour that she dared not even name herself. She could and would pray for him while far, at sea, however. Winnie's faith was a very simple one. She felt in her heart of hearts that God himself is far more kind and merciful than man. That her Saviour even did not condemu the " woman caught in adultery," but bade her go and sin no more. And she mknw, too, that the devil having once gotten one to commit some partioularsin, is never better pleased than when he can point to it and assert that it is a barrier, an eternal barrier, between the perpetrator and his Maker, that prayer is of no further use, and forgiveness out of the question, whereas if there be any truth at all in revealed religion, our iniquities serve at times to bring us nearer to Him, and his marvellous mercy building up within us a gratitude that forms the stepping- stone to the peace that passeth knowledge. Poor, simple Winnie. Her husband had no sooner gone, his barque, which she had watched with tearful eyes till its topsails had disappeared, had no sooner sunk behind the horizon, than she began bitterly to repent that she had not told him all. He, so good, so trustful, so innocent, would assuredly have forgiven her, ay, and become her firm friend and protector. But now, alas ! it was too late. Then she began to count the long weary months that must elapse before his probable, nay his earliest return. Fourat least. What an interminable time. February flew by, and March advanced, bringing with it bud and burgeon to the tree, tender "briard " to the brown, bare fields, a flush of green with daisies intermixed to the lees, and of song and sunshine to the birds in woodland, heath and moor. Spring is a sweet time all the world over. Spring is the season of love, a glad, a joyous time to the young. When one day Rose received a letter from Frank M'Naughton-the first she'd ever had -to tell her that his ship would soon arrive at Southampton, and that he meant to spend his holidays near her home, Rose went and buried her crimsoned face on her mother's bosom as she handed her the letter. Her mother let Rose's head rest there while she read the brief epistle. Then she held her a little way off from her that she might look in her face while she answered this simple question. "Rose, child, do you love this young man ?" Rose did not answer at once. She seemed intent on trying to detach a button from her mother's dress. "I don't quite know," she said. Then once more she hid her face. And a tear fell softly from her mother's eye as she kissed her daughter's hair. "Heaven grant," Winnie was praying, "that your love may be more happy than mine was." Yet neither in his letter nor at any time had young Frank M'Naughton breathed a word, a single word of love to Rose. It was strange, therefore, that simply because she had come to love this sailor she should feel quite certain in her own mind that be loved her. I am going to content myself with the statement of facts, and not to attempt to analyse them psychologically, although to do so might prove a very interesting study. Does love beget love ? Do two young people, thrown together under certain circumstances, become in a measure on rapport as to soul? Do they attract each other by any laws known to the psychist, or that ought to be known to him? These are the questions which for the present I must leave unanswered. Frank M'Naughton came to the village, and, strangely enough, found rooms at the house of Jamieson, Gregory's old gardener friend. He was going to stuly hard now, he said. Well, he did study, but I thing it was chiefly Browning, Shakespeare, and other poets, with botany, to which he had a leaning, es pecially that branch of it which treats of wild flowers. This-more mystery-hap. pened to be a favorite study of Rose's. She was quite au fait with all the Wild flowers of the district, so a kind of compact was made between them. Rose was to assistsrank in a~rranging and classifying the wild flowers, and naturally enough in collecting them also, while in return he would initiate her into the mysteries of Browning. What a pleasant and happy spring and summer that was. How innocent and guileless. A summer to be looked back to in thedarkness of later years. and mourned for as one mourns for the beautiful who die. Ah I Tom Moore was right when he said "There's nothing half so sweet in life As young love's dream." Did they plight their troth? -No; and this was somewhat singular. Yet each had the most complete trust in the other, nevertheless. Luck favored Wallard. He was walking one day with Gard on the outskirts of Bir mingham when it occurred to them to quench their thirst at an inn close by. The place was kept by a Scotsman, and on the table lay an Aberdeen paper. " Captain Tom Gre. gory, of the good ship Arctic Queen, reported ashaving a full ship, and expected home in a few weeks." " By George, Gard !" cried Wallard, with more enthusiasm than ever his friend had seen him display before ; " Ihave it at last. Read that." " It would seem so," said Gard. " And itis, Gard. Something tells me so. And I'm off to-night." Next evening found WVallard comfortably ensconced at the Palace hotel, Aberdeen, and soon after 10 o'clook on the next morning he was busily encaged reading over the back files of the "Journal." Yes, here itwa aat last, the marriage of Tom Gregory to Winnie Roberts, of, eto., etc. Wallard laughed aloud in his glee. " Trumps at last," he said to himself, as I he sauntered back to his hotel. "Boat to Lerwick, sir Letmesee, sir. SWhy, thin evening atU o'clook." t" Thank you, waiter. And the Green. Sland ships on their return voyage all call I there ?" " They're obliged to, sir, to land the Shetland portion of their crow." On the quarter.dooek of the Scottish Chief. tain that same evening, while the vessel was heading away for the far-off Ultima Thule, none walked with a more elastio stride thar Wallard. He had formed his plans, and sucoess seemed a certainty. CHAPTER XIII.-FAGc TO FACE WITl TnE Awry Paser. Not o.ly did Wallard believe himself to be a detective of the first water, but in talk. ing to his especial friend, Lord -- the impecunious son of a noble house-he gave himself all the airs of one. "Now, you will see," he wouldsay, "that this will turn out precisely as I predict." To give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially female human nature. But although on that evening, when he turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory's box, he looked mostly at Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, the husband did not escape his notice and study. "Soft," he remarked to himself, "a man that, if I desire to, I can twist round my finger, or mould into any shape I choose." It was because he thought he had need of Gregory that he was now hieing northward to Lerwiok. Most men, having found Winnie's address, would have turned up there and taken chance of winning Rosie's heart. Yes, it was poor Rose whom Wallard now intended to make his quarry. Talk of love at first sight, well, here was an instance of it. In one moment Wallard had trans ferred all his love-if real love can exist in the breast of such a man as this-which he once had borne for the mother to the daughter. She had all her mother's beauty, her mother's hair and eyes, and all her mother's winsome ways, and she was young, an opening bud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color, ore the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had he with so young and innocent a child as this? He did not hesi tate tu ask himself this question. You will hate him when I toll you he asked the ques tion before his mirror. " Chance enough," he conceitedly replied, smiling at his re flection. "There isn't a grey hair yet in those temples nor in that board. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor have I ever frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman's heart thoroughly, and be. sides all-I have money, not to call it wealth." That was Wallard's verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passaco to Lerwick, and almost the first question Wallard asked when he had got on shore was: "Has the Arctic Queen come in yet ?" " No," was the reply, "but she is ex pected here every day." " She won't stay here long, I suppose 1" " Only a day," cried the landlord, then he winked. "o ousec, sir," he added, by way of explaining his wink, "the skipper got married.last fall, and he'll crack on home to his wifeyou may beanre. And they say she is a full ship this time." And sure enough next afternoon the Arctic Queen sailed into the great harboror land.looked salt water lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after she had dropped anchor and clued sails, boats were seen shov ing off from the vessel, filled with brawny Shetlanders, with their bags and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their coming, and such a scene of affectionate greeting, when they did land, Wallard had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and grey.haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for their boys' embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheering were something to be eheard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the sturdy Boots there next came the Captain's own whaler. Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not help thinking so. In evening dress he had been a failure, but here in his suit of frock pilot and sailor's hat, he was every inch a seaman andaman. He went straight towards the hotel, where he was met by many of his Shetland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretched outto grasp his. ' Bravo, the Arotic Queen." "Full up again, Gregory?" "The luckiest ship that goes to the country." "The luckiest skipper, too i" " Not a bit of it, ' put in the landlord, " Captain Thomas Gregory has a head upon his shoulders, that's it, neighbors. But I say, skipper, what stay are you going to make ?P" " Be off to.morrow, Mr B." " Ah I but you'll let the boys come on shore to enjoy themselves and buy some pretty mite for their sweethearts, you can't refuse them that, surely, since you've been so lucky ?" " No, I supposel musn't," said Gregory, laughing. There arelots of letters for you in the coffee room." " Well, I'll go and get them. I hope all's well at home. By-bye, boys, see you all later on." Wallard in the back-ground had been listening to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room, and took up apaper. The honest sailor read his letters from home, and many a smile of joy stole over his countenance as he did so. " All well and happy," he said aloud at last. "Thank the Lord of Heaven for that." It was a very fervent ejaculation, and ended with a sigh of intense relief. Then he looked round and noticedWallard. " Why" he said, laughing. "I really thought I was all alone.' "Never mind me, Captain," said Wallard. "But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you pleasure." "Ah! yes, I'm in luck this voyage. So different from last. Walter, bringme alittle whisky and soda." " May I join you, sir, in a drinkP" " You're very good, Mr-a-" "Wallard is my name." "And I'm Tom. Gregory-plain Tom Gregory." "Pleased to meet you, 1'm sure." The two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. "Now," said Wallard, when the drinks were brought, "is there anything I can tell you? For I suppose you haven't had news for many a day; but let me say, to begin with, that the Conservative Government is atm in power, that the grand old "Fiddlestick I" interrupted Gregorv. " Well, the grand old fiddlestiok is alive and hearty, that the Irish question remains unsettled, and that we haven't come to war withl France over Egypt yet." "Bravo! Sir, I'm pleased to have met you." "And I to have met youn, Captain Gregory. Will you dine with me here to-night? I daresay the viands we shall get will notrival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say yenou accept, and I'll give the order, and try to stir the old folks up." " O, with pleasure, I'm sure." "And," said Wallard, " I shall tell you all you want to know about our dear old country, and you can give me information about seal hunting, bear stalking, and all the wild sports of the far North." " That I can. I am an old iee-man, and, though I say it myself, what I don't know about Greenland, north and west-well, isn't worth making a note of. Are you fond of sport, Mr Wallard ?" " Passionately so. In fact, Captain Gregory, I'm rather an idle fellow. I had the good, or bad, fortune some years aco to be left what is called a thumping legacy, and I the gave up sea-life asa profession." "What I Do I speak to a brother sailor 1" "I have been a seafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and rose to be a humble purser." " You're a sailor, and that's enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and exoes. my broken English. You've been aseafarer. But how could you have given it up i" " Oh, I did not quite give up the sne. In fact, since this legacy was left me, I have visited every land on earth whose shores are lapped by blis water. And I'm not sure as that I shan't take a passage next season in a e, sealer to Greenland, just for the sake of In sport." " Well, look here, sir, you're a man of the as world, I can see ; and if you care to take a trip up north with your gun,.let me know. My barque isn't big, but I'll make room for s you." The dinner nassed off to Wallard's com to plete satisfaotion, and before Gregory and he parted for the night, Wallard had secured a e passage back to Scotland on board the e Arctic Queen. This was precisely what he wanted. The it winds were contrary at times, and at times there was no wind at all, so the voyage was ,r quite a long one. e But Wallard made himself the life and joy of the ship; he was soon beloved fore and t aft. 2 "How I should have been fretting and t fuming now," said the good skipper, "if . you had not been on board. I tell you what it is. Mr Wallard, Providence must have sent you." I " What a oapital actor I should have r made !" thought Wallard. But a fair wind came at last, and the good barque spread her wings and flew before.it. "I dare say," said Wallard, on the-last 1 morning, "there are plenty of trains south P' "Lookhere, Mr Wallard, if you talk " about running off south for two or three i weeks to come I shall make you striot I prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at your door armed with a harpoon gun. Wallard laughed. "Don't forget," he said, "that you have a wife to please. Ladies don't love me, Gregory." " Com., come," said the innocent skipper, "that's past a joke. You don't know Winnie." "Don't I, though," thought Wallard. " She'll welcome you for my sake." " She's welcomed mu for my own ere now," Wallard said to his heart. "And little Rose. The Rose of Allan dale. Why bother me. 1 hadn't thought of her. Nothing more unlikely than that you should fall in love with her, and she with you. He, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. However, homo you come with me, and we'll have some fun, you bet." Winnie was among the first to come on board. She rushed into her husband's arms. She was in tears with very joy. Then came Rose and fondled her step.father, not less earnestly, if a little more shyly. "0, by the way, Wm'inie, at Lerwick I got acquainted with such a dear good handsome fellow, a sailor, too. I want him to stay for a few weeks with us. I know you'll wel come him for your husband's sake. And you must sing to him sometimes, Rose. Myeyee, darling, how bonnie you look! Come and I kiss your daddy once again. But where on earth has Wallard disappeared to? Below is he, steward? How pale you are, I Winnie ! No fainting fit again, I hope." Winnie staggered a little, and would have fallen, but for Wallard himself who, on his name being mentioned, rushed up the eom- I panion. And now he held Winnie in his arms, t Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoicing c triumphant. It was a strange situation. Melodramatio I in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard's seeking, and certainly not what he I had expected. But here was the poor writhing victim, c powerless as it were in- the talons of the mer- c ciless persecutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while I Gregory, distracted, had hurried away to ] fetch water. a "Dissemble a little,".whispered Wallard. c "You must. He knows nothing, positively nothing." "Leave me now," she gasped. She sat in a deck chair, erect but pale. Rose in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded arms, himself a little pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes riveted in ill-disguised admiration upon Rose's upturned face. Back bustled tregory, and in a few minutes Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy self again. Seemedl Yee, she was dissembling. She must, as Wallard had said. t God give her strength. She was face to face once more with the awful past. CHAPTER XIV.-A GArs or LIFE on DEvTe. It is so hard for anyone whose nature is i sensitive to have to dissemble-to live a lie I And Winnie had not a single friend in whom I she could confide, or to whom she could tell her sorrows, or the sad story of the crime. There was one, only one, who knew the whole sad tale, and a gentle loving heart she had, albeit but a Cingalee. That one was Weeba. Winnie had ever respected and looked up to this woman almost as a mother, I and the affection she had for Winnie was very sincere indeed. But, though, for the sake of obtaining just 1 a little sympathy from her, Winnie Roberts had told Weeba the story of her great tempta tion-endured and resisted for her child's sake-and told her, too, of the abstracted t cheque, she hadmentioned no name or names. I She was glad of this now. Weeba must never know that the tempter was Wallard, now a guest at the bungalow of Allandale. 1 She herself could dissemble. It was almost a matter of life and death f that she should, but she feared lest Weeba, t out of the very kindness of her heart, might try to influence Captain Gregory against his t guest. No, in this one thing Winnie must stand alone. So, though she grew thinner and paler every day, she suffered in silence. She went about as usual, however. She I played and sang in the evening, she was even aeferential and affable towards Wallard. I She had not yet seen him alone to talk to. But that time came within a week. W?allard in Gregory's presence had ex pressed a wish to see the little cottage where I \Vinnio had lived previous to her marriage. It was now to be let, and he thought it would just do for a shooting-box or a fishing box for himself and his friend Gard for a few months. "Two old bachelors, Mrs Gregory," he said, laughing, "that the fresh and bracing breezes of this rugged coast would speedily makelyoung atwgain." weCll, my dear,' said Gregory "why don't you run over with Ir Wallard and let him see it. I've got to go out this morning, and I'm taking Rose, but we'll-be back to lunch as hungry as rats." Then Winnie got up fromthe chair. She nodded and sniled to Wallard. "We will go at once," she said, and so retired to put on her hat. Indeed, the interview she knew must come sooner or later, and she longed to know Wallard's intentions, and to know hbiw muoh she was in his power. But not a word on the subject so near to the hearts of both was spoken until they had entered the cottage. Tired and pale as death WVinnic seated herself in the wmndow.sil of that empty room in which she had spent so many happy, peaceful days, while on a broken chair Vallard seated himself a little way in front of her, bestriding it as if ithad been a hobby horse. It was she who spoke first. "Why have you followed me here 7" she said. "Why have you set yourself to break up my happy home, to break the heart of as fond and innocent a husband as ever lived, and to bring grief and sorrow upon my darlingchild I What is your wish? Speak I will have the truth." "You shall have it, Mrs Gregory. And you will have it briefly, too, and at once.' For Smany aud many a longyear, VWinnle, I have "Stay. Not one word of love to me, Mr VWallard, or this interview must be brought to a conclnsion, at all hazards." "Not one word of love to you, Winnio. No, because I have ceased to love you. The I affection I had for you, dear, I have trans ferred to-" "To whom? Speak, man, why do you hesitate ?" "To your daughter." "To Rose " WVinnie almost shrieked. Hoer r eyes were almost starting from her head, a and the sweat stood in big drops upon her cold forehead. (eo us coiNRIOeD.) I A spinster club started in Vienna. I Aim: Speeoody and happy marriages. SThis is something like business. 