I BISMARCK IN RETIREMENT. - I (From the: World.) Fredeiichsruhe, Bismarck, favourite residence, was originally a shooting-box built by Count Lippcslimbcrg in 1763. The old building had completely disappeared, but on the spot where it stood a retired valet had built a tavern, which for a long period bore the name of Frascati. After the Franco Prussian war, in 1871, the Emperor William allotted to his Chancellor, out of the in- demnity paid by France, the sum of £100,000. With it portion of this sum Bismarck purchased the properly, restoring its ancient name to the domain. Here he has established extensive sawmills, where the wood of the neighbouring forest of Sachen Wait! is cut up and forwarded to Hamburg for ship- building purposes. The profit from this industry alone is put at 30,000 dol. In addition from his distillery at Varzin, his stock-farm nt SchoenhauBCn, his yeast factory at State Hanover, and from various commercial enterprises in which he is interested he realises not less than toO.GOOd. a year. Being frugal almost to parsimony, he saves a large part of this income. He does not believe in miscellaneous charity, and at one time, when he was besieged by needy applicants, he published in the Berlin newspapers a singular announcement to the effect that it was useless to apply to him for help. The notice was characteristically unceremonious and outspoken. Nevertheless, to his own tenantry Bismarck is kindness itself. In return they adore him, and every Christmas they testify to that adoration by deluging him with all sorts of presents in kind from barrels of home- brewed ale to yards of sausage and mountains of Hamburger, and when his physicians allow him- often, indeed, when they forbid him-he does full justice to these humble j offerings. The Prince's home life is as methodical as clock-work. He rises at 10 o'clock, when he takes a cup of black coffee, rolls, and' possibly a boiled egg or so. During this repast he reads the papers, and after it he looks over his mail. A second breakfast, consisting of a small steak or chop, with a bottle of Rhine wine, is served at half-past li. An hour later he sets out for a walk through his estates, sometimes dropping in at a restaurant and refreshing himself with a glass or two of beer. His companions are two magnificent Danish hounds, who, indeed, never leave him, sleeping in his rooms at night, sitting beside him in his study, and' following him whenever he stirs abroad. At 2 o'clock Prince Bismarck returns to his study, and takes up his work for the day. His main employment is said to be on a book of memoirs, which will undoubtedly be the event of the hour when it appears. But little about this book has been allowed to leak out. During his working hours he usually smokes a cherrywood pipe filled with light tobacco. At 1 o'clock he goes out for a drive, and returns about half-past 6 to dress for his 7 o'clock dinner. This is always a full dress affair, and there are usually a number of guests present. He is not exactly an epicurean. His tastes are hardly delicate enough for that. But his once enormous appetite is even now only regulated and controlled by medical advice, and he is obliged to content himself with none but the lightest and most digestible dishes. Still, the principal meal of the day is a matter of much serious thought. He himself draws up every morning with his chief the menu of the day, and, no matter what distinguished guest be waiting in the antechamber, the cook is always admitted without delay. In a dilettante way Bismarck has always been fond of music, and he still enjoys listen- ing to the classical composers, of whom Beethoven in his favourite, and he often sings softly to the music, but very much out of June. For painting and sculpture he cares less. There are few statues in his park, few pictures in his palace. Yet he has a weakness for light literature, being fond of Gaboriau, Finubcit, and Concourt, und a genuine admiration for Shakspeare and for Goethe. He has even gone so far us to say that he would willingly remain several years on a desert island with nothing to read but Goethe. "Of the whole of profane literature, he once said, "Faust is my bibles' Historical study has always been a passion with him. He is strangely superstitious This is a weakness which has always done, to him He 11 mi I) believes that he once heard a ghost walking about in his 1 bedroom in which he was at the time 15in" wide avval e on the bed He has always scrupulously refrained from triBUting any business on 1 ruin) On Friday) October 14 1879 General Boyer met the Umncelloi it Versailles to negotiate on be half of Bu one but Bismarck would not see him till the next day, saying he would never do anything of importance on any In day much less on a 1 ruin) the date of which coincided with the anniversary of Hochkirk Jena and Anerstadt He will not sit down to a table at which he makes the thirteenth On the other hand he believes that three is a fact y number and is fond of pointing out that it has played an important part in his life the arms of his family heir over the motto In li estate after, three trefoil leaves and three of' leaves all carried tures of him represent him with three hairs on his head he has three children Herbert, Wilhelm and Marie he has three estates 1 nedrichsruli Varzin and Schonhausen He has fought in three wars and signed three treaties of peace The arranged the meeting of the three 1 emperors an F established the 1 nple Allinnci 1 mally he his had under him three political parties the Conserva- gives the National Liberals and the Ultra mont! zest and he has served three German Emperors years ago he predicted that he would not die before 1851, and would not survive ISO! This curious vein of superstition runs Uno ugh an essential]) devout and religious temperament And then he began to take an active part in politics he did so with the conviction that Christianity was a firm but walk against the revolutionary spirit of the age and the feeling that amidst all the storms and troubles by which he was surrounded 1 in God he had a sure support and a never failing source of strength and consols lion He is a model husband and father, a tender and loved. grandfather His domestic life is charming for his wife who is nine years younger than himself he has ever felt the greatest affection He addresses her in his letters as my darling (mein Herr), my best beloved he Htnla her foaming from Peter hotel, he promises her edelweiss from Gas tem From the royal castle at Often The 1 rids her 'good night from far away), and adds, Vi hen can I have heard the song which has been running through my head all day - Over the blue mountains over Uni v into sea learn Come thou beloved one come to thy lovely) home I wonder who can have said that to me sometime or other in Auld L us! is no ' Over and over again in the busiest and stormiest period of his life he expressed a feeling of homesickness of longing for wife and children The Princess on her side worships her husband and treats him as if he were a demigod She has snow white hair high cheek bones and a gaunt figure some 5ft 8in in her store! for those Stock ings by the wa) inclose a foot or coo Wv propor tiona-which her daughter has inherited The feet of these two ladies were the sub jectotmuch movements the ladies of the French coast during. the summer which His market s wife my daughter spmttitBiaiut/ during the reign of Napoleon III And neither of them was blind to the fact As the man of blood and! iron has never been known to forgive an insult it is not impossible that this feetiontubutid then slime to bringing about the wit of 1870 The Princess is very decided and energetic in her tastes and opinions and resembles his husband in refusing to brook contradiction of any sort Her vote is loud and pitched in a high key in conversation is lively and amusing and she has a fund of anecdotes and reminiscences which make her a very) entertaining cony ersationaliHt For the rest she is studious well feud on excellent musician and like her house and she has a love of economy which boilers on parsimony Bismarcks daughter Mine the wife of Count Rantzau shares the paternal home with her bus! and and children sliced list son C( unt Hirb rt Bismarck is a frequent visitor and the)ouiif,est Count Wilhelm an occasional one Herbert is the one who most resembles his father and whom the latter had at one time fondly hoped to mi! e his success r at the far head of the best man tournament After a youth while st as hats terous and unreal) as that of his brother Herbert has settled down to a life of domestic contentment with his recent bride the Countess Hovas Secure in the affection of his own circle as well as in that larger circle which comprises almost the whole of Germany such is the placid evening in a stormy hie Doubtless in his retirement elie great ex Chancellor s happier than ever before in his eventful career 