Inane Jocularities. (London Spectator.) There is nothing in tho world which produces tho sonso of mental nausea moro completely, or is moro certain to turn tho intellectual stomach, than tho uso of cortain jocularities of speech with which many peoplo think fife to adorn thoir conversation. Tho peoplo who seem to find ife impossible to spoak of nn unmarried man oxcopt as " ti gay bacholor," with whom tho sea is always " tho briny " or tho " herring- pond," and a horse " a fiory stood," who eternally talk about " Sunday go- to-meeting" clothes, and who havo such phrases as " no oxtra ehargo," "agitato tho tintinabulator," "tho noxious woed," "tho pipe of peace," "forty winks," and "braving tho clomonts," for ovor on thoir lips, aro capable of producing a sonso of disgust in thoso who caro to soo language kopt bright and cloan, which is absolutely intolerable. It is difficult to say whether these cant phrases—that is a perfectly proper description of them — aro moro odious whon used consciously, or unconsciously — this is, by pooplo who boliovo thom to bo funny, and in tend that their hoarors should consider them funny, or by thoso who havo moroly caught thom up and repeat thom liko parrots, and without any in tention, good or bad. Jn our own opinion, tho uso of "common-form" jocularities is most oifonsivo in thoso who think of thom as wit, though most nainful in persons who uso them un- consciously and as moro methods of expressing their meaning. Wo fool that thoso who try to forco a laugh out of such oxpressioas as "my downy couch," or " committing matrimony, who squirm into a smile as thoy ask if " there isn't room for a littlo ono," or who spoak of " japanuing thoir trottor- cases, might fairly ho shot at sight. Whon somo excellent mothor of a largo and heavily facetious family catches up, and uses almost unconsciously, such phrasos as " getting outsido a squnro meal," "tho clork of tho weather," " she's no chickon," or "put on your warpuiut;" and whon ovon the father mechanically talks of " per forming his ablutions," tho sonso of pathos overcomes nil othor feelings. With such an oxhibUiou boforo our oyes, wo can only fool .iK»t Itii'vijmtr. rerum, and pass by withavorted Loads, As a rule, however, peoplo who tako to tho uso of vorbal jocularities, com bine tho mental standpoint of thoso who tiy to bo funny with tho hollow ' Bprightliness of mero imitation. Thoy have a half-hearted belief that thoy aro being funny ; but, at tho samo I timo,thoirchiefroaso&fortalkizigahout; " matorial relatives," and "pooplo of tho masculine persuasion," in the fact that tlio' hear thoso with whom thoy associate doing tho samo. Thoy say, "Why this thusnoss?" or "A. fiuo day for tho. ducks t " just us they say "Yes ! " or "No ! " As so many pooplo aro jocular with out really meaning it, it may bo worth whilo to quoto somo examples, of tho turns of speech that thoy should avoiX In all probability there are thousands ofporsounof most exemplary behaviour and of oxcollent moral character in other respects, wIiobo speech is inad vertently strown with tho verbal atrooi- tios against which wo are protesting, and who aro not in auy truo sense nwnro of tho shocking exhibition thoy often uiako of themselves. Let it not bo supposed for a moment that it is only tho " Minnies " of ono sex or the " Arrios " of tho other who aro steeped to tho lips in jocularities. The use of JUUUIIkllklua AO uu 1UUUUQ UAtlUfUVlj ft sin of tho vulgar. Plenty of people who would not talk about " tho Marquis," or " Lord Hamilton "when thoy meant "Lord George," may be hoard " recruiting exhausted nature" by a drink from tho " flowing bowl," uud declaring that thoy are "full insido," though they have been very " peckish." All sorts and conditions of mon and womon, boys and girls, are implicated in our charge, and there is no class or set that can bo held blamoless. Since, therefore, there are so many unconscious sinuors, wo pro pose, as wo havo said above, to select some spocinlly bad examples of jocu larities in order that thoso in nood of conversion may havo their consciences awakoccd, and 60 bo brought to a bottor way. Thoso who have never yot realised that they use the most atrocious expressions a hundred tinic6 a duy will bo ablo to soo themselves in a mirror, and to understand what their pot phrases sound liko whon presented in cold blood. Wo will begin with what is perhaps tho most ghastly ex ample ina collection of verbal atrocities placed at our disposal by a champion of what is sound and of goodrcputo iu languago, thought, and soutiment. Wo aro given to understand that tho funny thing, whon somoouo comes noar to treading on your loot, is to oxclaim, with tho requisite vivacity, " Waro whoat 1 " Ware wheat," of courso, 1b equal to "Look out for corn," and so "Don't tread upon my toos." Anything moro disagreeably foolish and inanely un pleasant it is difficult to imago. There is, of course, no harm in talking about corns, but this remote and feeble " jokolot " — to borrow a phrase loved by the jocular— is positively ghoulish. After this such phrases as " spare my bliiBhos," " to indito an epistle," " to bo shot" (/.<!., to ho photographed), " as tho poofe hath it," " good after toa," instoad of " good afternoon," "playing tho giddy garden goat," "tho best of ovorj'thing's good enough for mo," sound almost commendable. They must, however, bo avoided like tho plague, for so catching and so insidious is the habit of using jocularities, that a man who begins with " sparo my blushes," is moro than likely to end with " waro wheat." Another very common and very shock ing cant phrase is, " It doesn't suit my peculiar stylo of beauty," and al most as bad aro 11 O.K." i.e.. all riirliL " Only his littlo joke," " I liko them, but thoy don't liko mo," " Thero isn't a headache in a hogshead," and " How goes tho enemy? Thero are, in addition, many single words which, by derivation or association, mustrank as jocularities. Wo will, however, only cito ono. Can anything be more horriblo than tho word " toothsome," especially whon applied, as wo havo known it applied, to liqueur ? A glass of " toothsomo Groon Chartrouso " is, poi'haps, tho most nauBOous form of words it is possible to imagine. It is far worso than that greasy phrase, "tho succulont chop of commerce," which so ofton passes for wit in the oating-houso, when Hunting asks Buntor what ho is going to have for dinner this "after-tea." It will, perhaps, bo said that wo ought not to draw this indictment against a wholo sot of words and phrases without giving somo reason for tho disapprobation with which we havo rogaracd them. All people capable of forming a rational opinion will, wo may fairly assume, agree that cheap and conventional jocularities of tho sort wo havo given are to bo con demned; but they may still like to havo tho sources of disgust analysed and investigated. In our opinion, ono oftbochiof reasons why veibal jocularities aro so shocking is to be found in tho fact that thoy aro blurred and dofacod by usuago. Thoy were originally mauo of somewhat soft motal, and thoy nro now blunted and rubbod into shapeless caricatures of thoir former solves. Thoy are, in fact, liko thoso worn engravings of pictures which one socs in sea-side lodgings Tho original picturo may have been woll enough, out tho ten-thousandth impression is a most revolting object. Tho shadows and lights are all run togothor, and tho total effect is unbear able. "When Diogenes, or whoever it was, askod Aristotle to tako "pot- luck " with him, tlio phrase was bright and clean, meant something, and was sufficiently humorous. Now, that it has been used a million times, it is as groasy as ouo of tho 50-contlwo notes that usod to pass curront in Italy. " Fooling below par," again, may liavo boou a tolorablo Ktock-Kxcliange witticism whon Mr. lvison first let it off at tho House to an admiring " runnor." Now it in ho sony a joke, that in juty tho doctors are making it into a technical expression for a con dition of health below normal. Tho first boy, too, who complained of a "bono in his log" had, no doubt, a right to ho proud of his inventiveness ; hut who foels inclined to laugh at it now ? Turns of phrase intenaod to be comio aro all very well, and should not necessarily ho diw y/raz; btifc they must be be had in, suv, " fmL-as- frewj/' Tfoe mxmxA they are the leavt bit oil vAf/rsr, not merely ceae to Aiirrxw, brS are justly the caue ot loathing, strA be come tiling as aWniwsbie A. egg that have ceabedlo be frh In tMxr case, too, no one ha a right to xtt like the humble rale rL— " Fresh enough for me, :kr;x yon/' when the green thade %u hi egg had made the wife of La bene&w;! bfirtfoer- parsou exclaim, — " Dear rne, I afraid your egg bn't qrjjtefrw?" can keep the uafre>hneb "A «?r egg to ourselves, but not KrA:h- ues 8 of our jokes, la xUof to those wora- outjoke who w like the ghosts tu Jr difis LVur/1, Beream and jibber in the Atrett and bear about with thetu a gfowtfy mockery of fun, there are jwjtmtre which were never anything br;J virigar and dln-niht lftir. «id ui b5«a recognise them weoaa oaIy£y — H we are charitably inclined— we «sy tA a man who has no ene of tfctf he escapes a great deal. No tf/vabt there remains, when aril u xrA done, a certain soo j>e for private ment The best judge of and music never quite agwe m tfrefr censures. For example, sow & wowkl condemn " A little bind fofid r.ve " a. a jocularity. To J he present writer, the phrase U m venerable at A no historic that he cannot |£sm t it ar.vw.g jocularities. It was tunder ovrer tA this form of speech that our aw.&i;(>rn passed lo each other evsae dtger.>u. piece of news;— " Diugu-Sluir-iivg# I byard a Lhd waijo The Ihirhmmsi hvi gww itv hv Khar/ That was how the new thai Mo&fe; was going to biSng hack CLarks, spread among the people who had grows tiredof the reign of 8 be ifucnte. To condemn the old phrase for all wo know, be to condemn prisritir man's first attempt at the w of indirect mode of expressing hU ing. "The maids who txtUd on nertha in deep forest gj-sdes," dorsht- lesstound tire phrase inraOnub?# for introducing some woodland Aft of their own invention. 0 Monday .(Wfcraj'.i shown a -cabe of gvid ©verwxty-fuur Hii rwwSt fcuiihgf up of 22 twin of frvui ah Vxtrx.k ulfljxo at Psrk«7 Klu-t ea 'taucdcy EwC TEe c&ke;, ooupoood of «duudid qut Zaj pre sented nub «ppc«ru w, x.tA fcv pv.-xr ths - lko "tone nviu thv &t.; IUtf3 i» least wasisteut iu its return, f-.r. 'A mw- take sot ike £M. wutduvg of ftviuv rawes from this chum yielded 8 wv to thx frtv. BeverslcruthiugwIiBre nmye f it reef was struck, and the &oit; wow £'.<ned be us rich a ike CtkL WV Jiriwft flfowt will hicrenheiu ridiaess aw optKu'i-.ftii- oeudud with, uud Iktti Mr. Adum Li tA tewe found what be ricMjridesw-mtofliiid— x pay able reef an Ike viuuul/ of Oufhy Kits. The address nt She frwpt 0 itutotfi \\-g for nieu, he Id .at she I'.MX'.A , wastry the Sydney Unity nightly Mr. JSd werdTriuk.% tk- ex-ckuuipioo souker. TktiiitCl wx- Arvwi&sd.; Mr. Trickett told ike rdwyo tfias v.iVT-m'on: iu a r err simple war. Four xxr returned <©Jjyd:uy, after koepAyrr mpuRCuv house iu Hoel>hiuvptou fw cube y+svt, <»(-& the idea ofrwrbgAuoniy ftx aubr.'r pn-ry in Queensland - hut in JiLu he It&A;, H#f however, rum tuned iu By-duty, usud »£>- Jistuuingone day to Mr. K F. ITiiH an- ft preached hi Mowe-wUv.it i Lewd -n/.r.-ds f Lit " touehwd Iuh li'iurl/ otnd iUdfLuiu (sj pour Mr. Field itv lkt gttulknuut/'# rfll!nuF.r, " where we wta4tdownoxiourinwanidpra.y 5 my win were there and tkwi ttkevaway, mA my heart kus keen filled wdtk j/ Mr. Trickett ©vncluded lu ndwv P.y tu earnest appeal to Hkose ppywtnd tv fciUvw ftot example. ' Talk .about ike uLtfttpWMu <.( th world i it's oady f&b;/ o.mp«r>#S to the honor 1 fo»3 Lo kwai owvfcrroS ivpr.tv me in kuinjf allowed to eland her tv-nvrftc/ Mr. Duvid lValkur, -who jwvddod. Af.xOnt thA Mr. Trickett, a kvy, attended vrAtyr school dttso in North W& vujrfUy year ugo. Tar butter Jionuf |£ 0 mow bifw-t tlw flouth Australian Pajdiumeut <A ef.« following wer«ucla.u»<si— $;) 75.-5 &e.t; may he cited for ah purpose as she " fSulxr JS-.mut Act 2 WW. (2.) hx flue aut sale# due teatoikenuse reyuhv 'Vrji.trt'd f.urvr" shall menu buffer luudv in £uu Ej AMtrxw f.( South Australian produ>e and Atjr.eS oit>vx port outride the Au«trv3arit.u rX>., Any lnukcrof butter «bvll. during (A gerund of throe years after akv w.uhg into <op»r«;r.a of this u't, be entitled to ryuec fr.m tA Treasurer 2d. for 1437 5r<vni 'A t-xy.fttd butter luude br hi-txi. 'i,') K'i'.ww.fc is exported the Trcawu.'cr ihu3 A that eucli butt»j as <of the suA wril wuitod and 'ivr and no payment riiidl be anode uu rn ¥' tA x less quantity than -OWCb. a « /.tut time. fb. ) The Tr».tn»urcr mi vy «uwr rwilia- latione for carrying bSAMrSoyt the w nod pmpowof Shi wet and Che «im>eiifu-tll be published iu 0'wsAiwl ffmCt, xrA shall theuwdorth hare the fvffye /.f taw. ; Any regulath.TU made pur-wwant to fA crw»d- ing fcocU'au iner pn>jdde for filseStcUlVn- ing and '.vrti/yiog A bvttnv w&utft; a to quxlitr, kind and patking tx. wjfa with the nquirites A ri'nliMU I. ft,' The g«ii»rar revenue of the prorinoe a f 1 1 w Ay r-.-j vi 1 iVrf for tiic puyiueut A l he b-.mus prvj&dod; C.r f.y thiaaei. T he I/rndon JTw V/.ek Adv following;— A ffidu on ithe MwAiCjUw Jiailroad, txrry'mx a tVousuud cjaasutr', was wrockud on %Vdn».»day lo New York from H>tf f&no1.-; coum. wh'.tre t lie ftubiubaiu Ifcniucic x gio«< yearly ovwt, Lad ju«t fU-n run. Nm pcjvjns W43e killed and uvbuiCy /.tw hiuifrof were jjjjurtd. 7 be Iruuj wm v.nvy#wi fA one Pufimun tarrioge and fire /.jpwu < A tho ordinary Uud- The poop .oeiAyfl tlwnv mdvea ©ii tile of the optfti zr+ w fx. th eid«>. in »pite 'A the w emhuf tA t5U yXxx and the j-uhioud -und wt was (aiw c.iV- cufnKtanee whiiL cmtributod f.v greet -rbnS to the (serious Ions tA fife. AS vj.ni wAt until the entrance itj Forkrihe Tantu! wnt r<w chod, when the four wwtxrtbfy tSivruTW, throwing snany purtoois axvhrt ftnak t>rr under the wh'eib. fnride she tenonl! x txt was thjown aguinet she wa3, trwfi ihg many of the puwrfiogurti, Mont tA fheodt!fnurwv>r tlio-e who wit# Ike (Atpsog $Uttyw3 dvwrv aft'jrlheaorid'tt'l. 7bcr«»ow«r#i» oftfig/d t»j raise the cars bodily in txAw fo nuSrh nx/s tho dead end injured. One auuv dm pinioned br the vktxfctAtkv fuu rthowriwrvt; it was HfuA and be dhow <out Ru fx.% it was found that Lis fy»S nhu-xft MvtrvC frvm ibe thuV. ?b#waay3u'»«jdmi.-uwrhg but died in a few xwtv&j.; A he wet bifng ' carried Pa the r'.bluJe Le swd, i Juwo w/.rc O.OOfJ<l"llra io-day nud fA us St osrw dition i/j be going Lome hx/ it UtXtpnv 2 that the nooiduot was due So x 1 Laving bum nrioep. Ife wtt sssaoSstUCy BZtstoJ. I 