THE SONG THAT WAS NEVER SUNG. (By H.M.H.) —N. Z. Mail. —Rose Maideu. ‘Why do you play, then ? ‘Play For money; for what else do you suppose ? ‘Love of music ? ‘ Love of fiddlesticks! Do you imagine that I would sit for two hours each morning under a man, and a baton, play in broiling heat, afternoon and evening, for love of music ? Say, rather, love of the money it brings me, I and you’ll be nearer the mark.’ ‘ I thought all musicians had a “ soul ” for music.’ 1 Soul for hard work ! Still, if I had not loved music I could never have waded through fifteen years of sheer bondage to reach the summit of a small hill.’ ‘And that “small hill ” means suc cess ?’ ‘ Only a degree of that commodity, fair lady.’ ‘ Why not be your own master ?’ ' ‘ No, thank you ! I remain as I am for a while.’ ‘ And when the “ while ” is over ?’ ‘ Intend to be somebody’s master, and marry.’ ‘ Who ?’ ‘ You.’ The maiden laughed. ‘ What pre sumption,’ she cried, and looked away across the sea. ‘ Have I your permission to smoke ?’ 1 Certainly.’ ‘ Put up your parasol then, whilst I get a light.’ ‘ May' it make you better tempered. What has come over you to-day ?’ He did not answer, but threw him self back on the grassy bluff on which they were seated, and found getting a ' light not an easy task, with the sum mer breeze laughing at him round the corners of the parasol. They had met at a picnic, and had been mutually attached towards one another. They had been on excursions ! into the country or to the beach, as to day; and were enjoying that soft, dreamy dawn of love before the sun of ‘ engagement’ rose above them. I George Fuller played in the Exhibi | tion orchestra, and Edie sang in the choir. The sun dipped into the sea, leaving the sky all streaks aDd flashes of red gold, and giving to every crested wave a flush of crimson, j ‘ That sight is good,’ said George, looking at the sunset. ‘ Let us stroll along the sands.’ ‘ It is getting late,’ said Edie, ‘ and I darkness follows sunset so soon. We have half a mile to walk to tram.’ ‘ It will not be dark,’ said George. ‘ Look.’ A golden moon had risen to run in the course of her departed lord. The dusk gathered round them like a soft j thick veil, and under its misty folds j George kissed the maiden. ‘You must not,’ she cried, freeing herself from lias arms. ‘ It is not right. You kiss me as if—as if—l belonged to you.’ ‘ I feel that you do belong to me,’ he said. ‘ I- have never felt towards any other woman as towards you, Edie.’ ‘ Ob, nonsense,’ was the reply, with Ia doubtful shrug of the shoulders, ‘ you have met hundreds of girls in Eng land.’ ‘ I have; but not like you. I could never talk to any woman before as I | can talk to you. You seem to under i stand me so well.’ ‘ Fred Miller ! Fred Miller ! You’re not in your right senses.’ ‘Never had any senne to be right about. Where have .you .been to day?’ ‘Mind your own business. What have you been doing?’ ‘ Been to St. Hilda, an .and on the way home called at a house ■ where Tom knows the people. Sav T a girl there. I asked her to play. She said she “could not before ' proi iessionals.” I entreated, and she beg. an. Oh, such playing !such music. She looked round and caught me choking.’ * What did she say ? asked George, his mouth twitching.. ‘ Said nothing,’ said T lorn, black as a thunder cloud, ‘ but did the right thing. Marched out of the room with her head in the air. Confound you, Fred, I shall never be welcome there again.’ 1 Took the wind out of your sails, eh Tom 1 Oh, you idiots 1 The only girls worth thinking about are wine and music. Bless them both.’ One after another the seven musi cians came stamping noisily up the staircase, and spent the rest of the evening in song and laughter, or re counting the day’s adventures. To wards daylight the landlady shook her sleepy husband. ‘ Tell them to go to bed,’ she said ; ‘ they are always making such a noise with their fiddles that it comes natural to them, but it’s not right on a Sun day evening.’ ‘ More like Monday morning,’ said her husband; ‘ they pay well,’ and turning over was soon snoring. ‘George, get up) It’s nine o’clock, We’ll be late.’ ‘ Hang you, Fred, and rehearsals, too. Is it a cool day ! ‘ No ! The sun is blazing away like seventy furnaces. I’m going to break fast.’ ‘Go,’ said George; ‘boiling coffee and hot chops are not tempting enough for me.’ Ten o’clock found our musicians amongst seventy others battling with sweet sounds. All earnest, all men, while practice lasted. Two gentlemen passed as George and Fred left the concernt hall. 1 When that little man came to Mel bourne,’ said one, ‘ he found his photo must be on his pass.’ “ Take me like this,” he said, making a fearful grimace at the photographer. The man refused. “ Then I won’t be taken at all,” said Fred. The man' gave in. The pass was presented at the door, and the gatekeeper gave a great laugh and said, “ This is not yours.” “ It is mine,” said Fred, “ let me pass.” “ You shall not pass,’ said the mau,’ and beckoned to a policeman. Fred knew he would be fined if he were late. “ Is it like me ?” he asked, looking up into their faces. The doorkeeper gave another great laugh of astonish ment and the policeman exclaimed, “No doubt, but it’s you, ye little devil!” and he pushed him through the gate.’ ‘ George, are you coming for a drive?’ asked Fred. ‘Yes,’said George, ‘but don’t bother, I’m writing.’ They had their drive, turned the driver out, dashed like the wind along the Brighton road, hats off, coats fly ing, lifting up their voices in song, past wondering pedestrians, and wildly swerving vehicles, with drivers swear ing loudly as they flew past. Crash ! right into the side of a bridge. Pole smashed, horses floundering on the road. ‘ Hie, man,’ cried Fred, ‘ take these horses to the stables. Hurrah for the train. ‘ Where’s the station ?’ A melting evening. Edie was wend ing her way to the concert hall. She turns aside and becomes interested in some lace handkerchiefs. The girl in charge knows she is avoiding some one. A hand touches Edie’s arm, ‘Ban away from me, did you ?’ says George, ‘ Come.’ They walk away and stop before a case of books. ‘ What answer have you to my let ter ?’ says George. ‘ None,’ replied. Edie, looking down, her face all rosy. ‘You have something to say to me, surely?’ said George. ‘ I’ll tell you e.fter the concert,’ said Edie, in a low voice. ‘No—now. What is it?’ ‘ That you must go into the concert hall and play as well as ever you can,’ she answered, laughing. ‘ I’ll stand here till the building closes if you do not answer.’ 1 ‘ Then—l have to say—Oh, George —don’t you know—l love you,’ she whispered. ‘ My darling,’ said George, pressing her hand, and hurried away. ‘ Why so quiet ?’ asked George, after the concert. ‘ I am so happy,’ Edie replied. ‘ Beloved,’ said George, at the gate, ‘ good-night. From this time forth nothing but death shall part us.’ George could not hide his happiness from his friends. ‘ Boys,’ he said with a happy laugh, ‘ I am going to take someone home to England with me. I am going to be married.’ Dead silence. Then Fred sprang from his seat crying, 1 George is mad 1’ and catching up an antimacassar he bound George’s arms to his sides. Struggling and kicking he was hoisted on three men’s shoulders, while the others' formed a procession singing, ‘ Why did you die ? Three times round i the room, and he was laid on the sofa. ‘You hounds. You’ll pay for this,’ said George. ‘Now, Georgie,’ said Fred, ‘promise you won’t hit auy of us and you shall be free. We were only showing respect for the dead, for you are dead to us for ever. Is it the girl with golden hair ?’ ‘Yes,’ said George. ‘Good night, and left the room. ‘ Edie dear, will you be at the con cert on Saturday ?’ ‘I think so. Is there anything special ?’ ‘Yes, I particularly wish you to come. You admire Wagner. Satur day you will hear his master, “Berlioz.” “ The Episode in the Life of an Artist” once heard is never forgotten. There are five parts, reverie, in the ball-room, in the fields, march to the gallows, and the witches’ revel. The idea is, a young musician whose soul is filled with yearning and “vague passion.” Suddenly, in a woman, his “yearning” becomes reality. He traces her charac ter in a phrase of melody—timid, yet noble, passionate yet sweetly tender. Alone in a ball-room he gazes on the floating forms and dreams moodily of the loved one. In the fields —the golden sun is setting, the shepherd’s pipe echoes over the hills. He is at peace, and feels that soon two happy hearts will be united. There is a deep growl of thunder—a terrific storm bursts over his head. This, to him, is an evil omen. Then deep silence.’ ‘ Shall I finish, dear ?’ ‘ Oh, yes,’ said Edie, ‘.please.’ ‘ He finds that his love is not re turned, and he endeavours to poison himself with opium. He does not die, but is plunged into a deep sleep, haunted by frightful dreams. His hands are bathed in the blood of the woman he so wildly loved. He is led to the gallows, yet, strange to say, he witnesses his own execution. The “ Dies Ira ’ is solemnly chanted. The passing bells are tolled. The gloomy train sets forth to the strain of a wild sad march. Once again that sweet strain of melody rises above all other sounds, and is rudely cut in half by the swift fall of the axe upon upon the block. ‘ The young musician is now among imps and witches, who make merry over a fallen soul. Cruel laughter, yells, howls, and cries of despair, and mockery fill the air. Again the “melody” is heard; but now in a jagged, vulgar dance-time form, inter mingled with scornful peals of jesting laughter. The loved one comes and the Satanic herd rejoice, for her work is done. The passiug bells ring back ward, the foul mob travesty the solemn hymn of the dead, “Dies Ira,” and all ends, Schumann says, “ All goes head over heels.” ‘Thank you,’ said Edie,‘ but how very sad.’ “Yes, said George, ‘some say that in early life Berlioz fell madly in love with an actress. He followed her from place to place, knowing his love was vain; and that this glorious symphony was the result. We can hardly feel for him as we ought when we think that, through his suffering, we have such music.’ i ‘ Yes;’ said Ed' - ;, ‘and we are to have all joy, when others suffer so ? I often think I shall wake to find I have been dreaming, and you gone.’ 1 It is a lasting dream, dear; where would you like to live V Edi? looked up, and blushed. ‘ Any where—with you,’ she answered. ‘ My darling,’ said George fervently, ‘you are a girl after my own heart. Can you come to England in six weeks ?’ ‘ Eugland, George!’ said Edie, ‘ I thought you would stay here.’ ‘ I can make more money at Home, then why stay?’ said George. ‘Are j you willing to come, Edie ?’ ‘Yes, dear,’ she answered, ‘but my mother will object, I know.’ ! Edie went to the concert. Never before had music so stirred her soul. She felt the artist’s longing and his joy. She stood with him in the bril liant ballroom, listened to the soft waltz time, accompanying the many melodies of that wondrous ‘ harmony.’ In the fields she watched with him the golden sunset, heard the silvery echo of the shepherd’s pipe and cowered trembling beneath the fury of the storm. Marched to the gallows, de scended to the company of imps and witches, quivered under their wild un earthly yells and scornful laughter. Heard with loathiug,the sweet original melody, jangled into a vulgar dance tune, and the travesty of the solemn Death song. And at the end came to herself mentally breathless with ex citement. Her eyes filled with tears, her hands tightly clasped, and every nerve strung to its utmost tension. ‘Oh, George,’ she said later, ‘it was too terrible.’ ‘ I’m glad you love music, dear,’ said George, ‘ otherwise, I do not think we j ought to marry.’ Three days later George is in Edie’s home. ‘ Well, my love, ‘ he is saying, and his voice is husky, ‘you must choose between me and your relations. There is no time to write to England, but can’t you trust me, Edie ?’ ‘I do trust you,’ said Edie pas-v sionately, ‘ but I cannot marry against my mother’s will. Is there no other way, George?’ ‘None,’ he answered. ‘You must come with me now or not at all. I will not be engaged to a girl 16,000 miles away.’ Then he continued, in a pleading tone, ‘ Oh, Edie, my darling, think well before you speak. Is it a light thing to hold a man’s happiness in your hands?’ ‘My mother says if I go it will break her heart,’ said Edie, sobbing now. ‘Be merciful to me, child,’ said George. ‘Don’t let jne hope until the last, and then say you cannot come; that would be too cruel.’ ‘ Oh, George,’ she said, ‘ I cannot leave my mother—l cannot.’ ‘ So be it,’ said George in a voice full of pain,’ ‘my little one—good bye.’ ‘ Good-night,’ said Edie faintly, and George passed into the darkness. The last evening had come. There is a quiver of suppressed excitement all through the choir. ‘ Ruth ’ is to be sung, and the choir-girls are ‘ gleaners ’ to-night, wearing wheat ears, presented by the South Australian Commis sioners. They also carry a floral trophy to throw at Mr Cowen after the last chorus. The hall is crowded, chairs being placed to the very platform. The orchestra played as they never did before, and as they played so the choir sang. Every chorus was rendered with power and feeling. The principals also excelled even themselves, and as the evening wore on the excitement became intense. The beautiful chorus ‘ Praise Him ’ rolled joyously through the hall, and at the last so worked up they were that the music became a very shout of exultation as the words burst forth, ‘ Sing ! ye Heavens! ye moun tains. Oh, forests! Break forth into singing. Amen—and Amen.’ Ah ! it was glorious. In after years Edie never thought of that concert without every nerve thrilling. Now the rain of flowers, harps, crowns, and horsehoes flying through the air, while cheer after cheer rings through the building. Mr Cowen stands bewildered. Some one speaks and leads him over the fragrant path to Lady Loch, who pre sents him with a floral trophy on behalf of the choir. Again those ringing cheers, four .hundred sashes, blue and crimson, are waving in the air. A voice here and there cries out, 1 Good-bye Mr Cowen, good-bye.’ He holds up his hands for silence, but in vain; the cheers subside for a moment, only to burst forth afresh. A strain of music sounds the 'first'bars of ‘ Auld Lang Syne.’ With one accord the whole orchestra takes it up, and the choir breaks forth into singing. The whole audience rise and join in. Sightseers outside try to force an entrance. The doors are flung open and the aisles are filled. Hun dreds in the main avenue gaze and listen. George Puller faced the choir, and to Edie the vast audience became a dim background to that bright face, all working with emotion. They felt that this was their parting, and,, oblivious of all else, poured forth their souls in a passion of song. The last notes sank into silence; George bowed and turned away. Edie heard Mr Gowen say in a broken voice, ‘Ladies and gentlemen— I cannot speak. Good-bye—and God bless you.’ She fled to the dressing room, and cried as if her heart were bursting. A.year has passed. George Fuller goes forth into the bitter night of a London winter. At his destination he meets, some of his last year’s comrades, -There’is'no joyous greeting-on-his lips as of yore. He bows and passes to his seat. After the concert Fred took his arm, ‘l’m coming home with you, Georgie.’ ‘ Are you, old man ?’ George handed Fred a chair, and sank into another himself. ‘ Say what you have to say quickly, old man, for I’m tired—dead tired.’ ‘ George,’ said Fred, ‘I may say more to you than most men ?’ ‘ More than any man, Fred.’ ‘Then Jet me tell you that you are an ass and a great sulky bear into the bargain.’ ‘Great Scott,’ said George, the ghost of a smile in his eyes. * What have I done ?’ ‘ You are breaking a girl’s heart, and your own as well.’ George rose. ‘Good night,’ he said coldly, ‘you, at least, should know better than to introduce that sub ject.’ ‘George,’ pleaded Fred, ‘listen to reason. I may be an idiot, but in some things I can see as well as most.’ ‘ She has chosen relations instead of her accepted husband; proving how she loves me,’ said George bitterly. ‘ Gan you not “see” that?' ‘Would you have given her to a man who came and went like a flash of light ?’ ‘ Ho,’ snapped George, a pain at his heart. ‘ Then don’t blame her mother. I heard to-day that Edie is coming out as a public singer, and if I were you, I’d go, and—save her from it. That’s all Georgie. Good night.’ Up and down, up and down the little room George paced. As the grey dawn broke, he flung himself on the bed. say ing, ‘l’ll start by the first Australian liner.’ ‘■'fia tliy wedding morning shilling in the rkien; Bridal bells are ringing, bridal songs arise.’. ‘ Will it be a success, Signor ?’ ‘All, Signorina, one grand success. You will be the prima donna, and float away from us on the wings of song. To morrow, I advertise; and the world shall hear my pupil.’ ‘ Who is to play the obligato ?’ ‘ One, whose music is like soft wind; passing over a bed of roses. Ho is, here.’ Edio turned, and faced—George Fuller. The song was dropped on the floor, the ‘ violin laid on the piano; Edie uttered a cry of exceeding joy. 1 iMy little girl,’ said George, ‘ I’ve come to take you home.’ * Oh, George, she said, ‘ I’m so tired of waiting.’ The old Signor stood apart, rubbing his hands with glee. ‘Signor,’ said Edie * wo will not re hearse to-night, and you need not advertise to-morrow. Good night.’ she said softly, smiling through happy tears, and they left the hall. The old master picked up the song and murmured, ‘Thank the Lord, two broken hearts are mended; thank the dear Lord that this song will never be sung; 