DEVONPORT. There is not very much stirring at the present time except it is the mud ; of that, owing to the intermittent rains, we have a plentiful supply. News, like trade, is very scarce, and our local papers have to rely on their 'London,' 'Paris,' or 'Vienna' correspondents to fill up the gap. There being an absence of the material, we are favoured, like our southern '-friends, with the spiritual. Ghosts that usually make their appearance at this season or the year are the present^scare. Whatever larrikin is perpetrating the joke he takes good care to content himself with frightening little boys and women, and to keep out of the way of the ' man in blue.' Several com plaints Lave been made lately. One of the ghott's little eccentricities is to throw stones on the roofs of houses, more especi ally when no male occupant is at home. It is to be hoped ere long the vagrant will be brought to book. One citizen whose family have been victims intends trying a six-chamber Colt's revolver. He is a capital shot, and should the spiritual prove material there may be a ' crowner's quest' held at Devonport. The pipe- laying for waterworks at East Devonport will be finished this week, and the diving operations for connecting the western portion of the town with Parker's Hill reservoir across the Mersey are to commence o,n Monday. The diver is on the spot, and states that he can complete his work in about; three weeks. Interest is being revived in the regatta. For the past few years it has been carried but in a half-hearted fashion ; but with a prospect of a yachting club starting and the Mersey .Rowing Club waking up we may look for a different state of things : this season, and if only promise becomes fact we sha^l have one of the best regattas on January 1, 1893, that has ever been held at the Mersey. The potato merchants have experienced the convenience of the' new sheds on the wharf, the tuber, notwithstanding the heavy rain3, having been kept dry and in good condition. The work of picking ovsr is proceeding in comfort, and the Ios3 sustained will not be anything like so heavy as formerly. The report of the Launceston Chamber of Commerce ha3 caused a great deal of surprise amongst us country folk, more especially with the proposal to re-impose the Gd duty on kerosene. We will be quite agreeable providing a corresponding amount can be placed on gas, to fall on the consumer. . . 