The Search Light at Sea. Whatever effect is produced by the light on observers on the shore is certainly not lessened when the search light is brought to bear upon observers at sea. From how near or far none of us on the ship can do more than guess ; a beam of light shoots hither and thither over the dark surface of the ocean. Suddenly the beam is lost, and in place of it we see a bright and blazing star. And then all the air is filled with a blinding light, apparently circling round and round, and forming a pathway direct to the star from which it comes. It is only for a moment. As sud- denly as it came upon us it has gone, and we feel that even at sea, where night can be dark, we have never known before what darkness meant. Prob- ably our ship is one of a squadron, and is fitted, like her consorts and the vessel whose light has broken so mysteriously upon our darkness, with a search light of our own. This will be quickly brought into play, and its beams in their turn will dart hither and thither across the dark waters in search of the ship from which the strange light flashed. In this progress the beams will cross and recross the lights of other ships, and will show at one minute the dazzling opaque and the next as a trans- parent film. Every eye is turned to thee quar- ter whence the first light flashed upon us. If the light come from a torpedo boat and fortune favor us, we shall sight the boat in a few minutes, but it may be an hour, or even more, before we do so, for her com- mander, if he wished to escape detection, would naturally avoid the direct path of the light from his ship. But, sooner or later, telling blue- black against the light beyond her, we catch sight of the low-lying boat, which is passing through a beam and is speeding; towards us. Now in time of war would be the 'psychological moment' for the guns. But we are anxious only to keep the on-coming boat under obser- vation. She is travelling fast, and we have to shift the light rapidly. Once again the beam falls upon the water, but it catches only the stern of the stranger, making it tell as light grey against the dark. Nearer and. nearer hastens the boat, darting this way and that in a vain en- deavor to evade the blinding ray of ghost- ly light which follows her relentlessly. The weird mystery deepens as the space be- tween us grows less, and distance, form, and color are distorted and lost. As often as not we see from behind the light of the boat which it is covering, as though it were travelling in the air or upon the bulwarks of our own ship. — CASSELLS MAGAZINE. 