THE LEGEND OF THE CTCLE. « ? Every sport has its story, aays Ctfdbtg, but hitherto toe dutxdclets of cycling have over looked an interesting legend which deals with a pre-niatoric period of our universally popular sport, and which many Germnna claim as the invention of the cycle by a countryman of tbeua. The startling events we are about to narrate occurred nearly 250 years ago, and the present is an appropriate time for re telling. The works of Herr C*stfau.aa coutatu particulars of a remarkable inventor—a name aake of the contemporary poet — Herkoff— who met with a tragic end* Unfortunately, tiie details are too meagre to afford a reliable re cord. - However, the incident took place in the reign of Frederick the Great, who was born at Cologne, on the Spree, in JG20, and died in 1GSS. Among other notabilities in his army was a Herkoff— a watchmaker by trade, a soldier by conscription— famed for his height, which reached the goodly altitude of tifL Sin. Unfortunately this made him conspicuous, and in battle he lost both feel, and returned to liis native village and oriciual calling, pensioned by a grateful couutry. Reduced to being poshed about in a sort of go-cart by his wife, who was long of tongue as she was strong of arm, he set about de vising a vehicle in which be could iuovc about without her help — and abuse. Naturally mechanical, his watch making bkill stood him in good stead, aiitl after lung toil and many experiments, he at last produced a machine containing a series of very strong springs, which could be wound np so as to materially assist the power generated by his legs— or rather, what remained of than- and his arms. So long had he been about his txli imposed task that the whole countryK.de became interested in his scheme, and when the eventful day arrived fox a politic trial of his machine, an enormous audience as sembled. Towards evening he turned out, and after adjusting the springs, oiling up, aud other manipulations which always seem ncccssary on. auch occasions, he started down the village street, with bis better-half walking iii the rear. At first the comliersome cycle went otiffly, bat the inventor was confident, and between turning on another spring and in creased ami power, his fpewl rapidly increased, and the crowd such as wen: uot awe-struck ait easy matter in that super stitious age, cheered lustily. The t\A soldier was nuluVnt ; his wife was left far behind. The speed continued to increase— then, too late, he remembered he had forgotten to provide any means of stopping. Wildly did ie call to the spectators to catch him, but they were either too nervous of the infernal machine, as they called it, or it was too quick. It even outpaced the champion nioner of the village, and fire began to fly from the iron-shod wheels as they bounded over the flinty road. A steep hi 1 iu front gave hope to poor Berkoff, bat it waa like a dotvn grade to the demonjpxal wheels. A party of country people, returning from a neighbouring market, met him at the top of the bill. They tied, terrified, ae he rose into the air. pod they watched him vnmeh into Bpace. Fearful ira* the account they gave of his awful appearance — eyes of fire, hair grey (it v-mb raven black wbtD he mop Died the fated steed an hour earlier), coat-tails Bying behind, with a machine — nothing could stop it- -nothing check its wild course, Rcpoits came in from, all farts of the country of people being frigh tened by a spectre on a flying machine, rushing through space. At last only a skele ton was left, but the bones held together and frantically worked the machinery, which, with the lighter weight and absence of friction, was seen entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From tiiis time it was seen but seldom, though at the beginning of this century it was often spoken of. and in some very remote parts of the Black Forest even now it is ranked among the many ghosts of that proli6c district. Suffice it to say that Herkoff was never more heard of— he did not even return to claim hie patent — so that a check was given to cycle invention from which it did not recover for of belief in the tragic fate of Herkoff is to be found iu die extra strong brakes fitted to German made cycles — a point visitors to the Fatherland, and manufacturers in thfe country, have often wondered at, and which is now explained for tiie firat time in an English paper. 