Darlington Point Turf Club Raoes. Br 'Acotra's Ghost.' The annual re-union of the sportmen and their friends around Darlington Point took place on Tuesday last (Boxing Day)-, when the Turf Club had a bill of fare of nine events to be decided. The club were more fortunate as regards weather than were their neighbors at Whitton and Carrathool — Hie former having a very hot day, and the latter a wet and dusty day, while the peo ple it the Point had a beautiful day for iheir. meeting, a cool refreshing breeze blowiag right across the course for the greater part of the day. ' The attendance was hardly up to that of last year, which is owing no doubt to the bush fires that have been raging. Perhaps it would not be saying too much to'express the opinion that the Darlington Point Turf Club is one of the best managed up-country cluba we have, and that the officials work togettier like clock work. To single out any one of them to special notice would be a hard task, but suffice it to say they 611 performed their duties in a mumer that is never sur passed in any country club. The hoa. sec, Mr J. L. Bennett, is worthy of a tribute of praise for the manner in which he carried out his onerous duties- The club triad for the first time the experiment of making the bookmakers csposit the sum of £15 as a guarantee of good faith, and pay a fee of £1 Is to bet. Messrs Foley and Weiitwere the only books to put up the deposit, the others evading it on the plea that the course was not an enclosure. Nextye&rtheclubintendto; have improvements effected, whereby they will be able to have the right to charge, be sides being able to charge for admission, which will, of coarse be a source of con siderable revenue. The booth was presided over by Host Barnes, who, with his army of assistants, was kept busy throughout the day attending to thirsty souls. There n ere also refreshment and fruit stalls on the ground. The ' joints' were in strong order, but the ' tote men' were conspicuous by their absence. The racing throughout the day was up to the average.lputthe fields were verypoorwhen compared with the previous meeting. The betting at times was brisk, tbe punters hav ing the best of the deal, as the favorite got home in every race. The Maiden Plate and Members' Race Droved eood thincs for Sanshower, who was purchased by Mr E. J. Cummings at the last Narandera show sales, and who has served 27 mares. Tbe Hurdle Race ithd Hack Race fell to tbe Woodlands' stable, with the aid of a pair of greys — Olea and Music Ebor had a walk over in the Torf Club Handicap, while the Flying Handicap proved tho best of things for Babette. The Selling Race was won bv Wilga after a good set-to with Howard's Mistake. The Distance Handi cap Trot attracted six starters, whose han dicaps ranged from 8 up to 38 chains in two miles, which proved altogether too much for the scratch horse, and the favorite Civi lity, got home.. The Consolation Stakes only attracted three startear, and resulted in a win for Starlight, the property of that popular sport, Mr W. Esler. The following are the details of tho rac ing:— MAIDEN PLATE. Of 10 eovs. ' Weight for age. One mile. K. J. Cummings' l- c Sunshower, 3yra ' 8st 21b (Clifton) ? 1 J. Shanahan's b m Modetty, 4yrs, Set 8st 91b (Stanmore) ... ... 2 D. Jordan's br g Sportsman, 4yn, 8st lllb ... ... ... ... 3 Batting : Even money Sunshower ; 6 to 4 Modesty, 2 to 1 Sportsman. With the fall of the flag Sunshower and Modesty jumped away together, Sportsman being very slow to move. Before a furlong had been traversed Modesty's colors were slightly in tbe van, Sportsman having lost a lot of ground. At the six furlongs post Modesty bad' a length's advantage; this ahe main tained to the turn for home,* where Sun shower tackled her, and the mare being un able to respond, Sunshower came along full of running, and won easily by a length and a half from Modesty, Sportsman being a bad third. Time, lnun 52sec. HtTKDLEBACE, Of 15 sovs. One mile, over 8 jumps. K.G. A. Cumming's g m Olea, aged, lOst 101b (McDonald) ? 1 W. Ester's ch g Signal, 6yrs, 9st 71b (Wilson) ? 2 Betting : 10 to 1 on Olea, 2 to 1 Signal. As soon as the flag dropped Olea com menced to make the pace, leading the way over the first hurdle, which the cleared in great style, Signal jumping very badly. At the third jump Olea had estabfisbed a lead of a dozen lengths, and, barring accidents, bad the race well in hand. When the j-fdge's box was passed the second time the mare, jumping splendidly, was more than holding Her own, but at tne second jump past tne iuiisbing post Signal struck and came al most down, dismounting his ridei, and Olea' finished atone. TUBF CLUB HANDICAP. Of 20 sovs ? second hone to reoeire 3 sove. from the stake. One mile and a quarter.' ? C. W. Brewer's brg Ebor, 6yrs, 9st 21b (including 71b penalty), (E. Davis) w.o. ? SEWING RAPB, ' ' Of 8 sots. ' Winner to be sold for 8 nova., surplus (if any) to go to the dub* funds. J. Hatien's b m Wilga, 5yr», Sst 101b (Stanley) ? 1 B. O'NeiU's bg Howards' Mistake, aged 2 Betting : 2 to 1 on Howard's, even money Waga. Both got away to an even start, and kept together for five furlongs, both being under the whip. At the distance post Wilga managed to get her head in front, and, Stanley keeping her going, she eventually won bv a necV, HUBBY SOCTBItY, Of 3 sovs, for. grass-fed horses. Half a mile. K, 0. A. Cummings g m Music (Flood) 1 Other starters-: Sovereign, Wild Harry, Kimrod, Schneider, Nellie Gray, Maid of Honor, and Dimple. Betting; Even Music,' 2 to 1 Schneider, Nimrod; aud Wild Harry, 3 to 1 others. Music and Schneider got the best jA a fair start. When they got foirly going it was seen that the favorite was in the lead, with Nimrod and Schneider in close attendance. The same order prevailed as they rounded the turn for home. When fairly in the straight Music and Nimrod came away from from tbe field, and the former, being cleverly ridden by young Flood, won by half a length from Nimrod. FLVWQ HANDICAP, Of 15 sovs. Second horse three sovs from the stake. Sixfnrtongs. M. H. Dsvlln'sb m Babe We, aged, But 91b (E. Dayis) ? ... 1 C. W- Brewer's brg Ebor, 6yr*, 8st lllb Brewer) .., ,., ... 2 W. Esler's oh g Starlight 4yr», 7st 71b ,„ $ OUpr rtart«r : FreetUought, 7«t 91b, Betting : 2 to 1 on Babetto, even money 2 to 1 Starlight, 4 to 1 FreBthonght. When the word ' go' was given Babette jumped off with a lead, closely followed by 3bor. The raoe needs little description, as iiabatte was never headed, and won very easy by aleugth and a half from Ebor, three lengths between second and third. Time 1 min. 19secs. DISTANCE HANDICAP TROT, ?? Of 5 sovs. About two miles. T. Deatuhaw's gin Civility, 33 chains (Barnes) ... ... ... 1 T. M'Neill'e ns b g Faugh-a-BalUgh, 33 chains (Owner) ... ... 2 W. Newson ns blk m Lubra, 38 chains (Owner) ... ... ... 3 Other starters : Jumbo, 3 chains ; Elsie, 33 chain* ; King, 24 chains. Betting: 2 to 1 on Civility, even the others. When the horses got on their respective marks, the gun was fired, and the horses started on their journey. Faugh-a-B&Uah; passed the judges' box first the first time, 'ollowed by Lubra and Civility. The others being out of it. At the seven fulling pout Civility passed Lubra and Faugh-a-Ballagh, one of the hitter's traces becoming unfas tened. Civility, who was rlddeu, soon es tablished a lead of about 12 lengths. The order in entering the straight was Civility, Faugh-a-Ballagn, and Lubra, and inthis posi tion they finished. ' TaEMBERS1 RACE, Of 10 aovs. Weight for age. Seven fur longs. E. J. Cumming's b c Sunshower, 3yrs, 8st91b(Flood) ... ' ? 1 3\. Murnane's b g Banjo, 6yrs, Sst Tib (Kelly) ... ? 2 W. Esler's ch g Signal, 6yrs, 8st 9lb (Clifton) ? ' ... 3 Other starter— Preethought, 8st71b Belting : 6 to 4 on Sunshower, even money Signal, 3 to 1 Banjo and Free'thought. Sunshower got slightly the better of a good start, and, with Signal, made the pace ?for four furlsngs, when. Banjo put in his claim. Tbe trio were bunehed just before rounding tbe turn, but on entering the home turn it could be seen that the rider on Sunshower was taking thing easy, while Banjo and Signal were under the whip, the Sunrise colt whining easily at the finish by a length from Banjo,. who was a length and a half in front of Signal. CONSOLATION 8TAKK9. Cup, value £3 3a, for all beaten horses. Three-quarters of a mile. W. Esler's ch g Starlight, 4yrs, 8st (Ryan) ? 1 J. Shanahan'a b m Modesty, 4vts, 8s« 121b (Duthie) ? 2 J. Foster's be Freethought, 5yr», 8st ... 3 Betting ; Even, money Signal, 6 to 4 Modesty, 3 to Freethought. This race was literally a match between Starlight and Modesty. Both kept together for best part of the journey, the mare run ning wide and losing a lot of ground. Star light, apparently lasting the longest, won by half a length. 