RELIGION IN AMUSEMENT VERSUS RESPECTABILITY. TO T1IE EDITOR OF THE LILYDALE EXPRESS. SIR—To be a recognised " own correspondent" in its full meaning, in the Australian bush, if the duties attaching to the office can be carried out in a faultless manner, is something worth aspiring to, but 1 incline to the opinion that "your own has not, as yet. succeeded in reaching to such a high pinnacle in journalistic fame. For my ovm part, I am, in " your correspondent s^ opiifon, but a duffer—a " know-nothing. I wonder if the Wardin Gamaliel ('« your own") would allow me to sit at bis feet to pick up a few crumbs of his superabundant knowledge. He seems to be able to discourse about any substance—from a needle to an anchor;" and evidently his rightful place is a professorship in the University. N'iniporte ! "Your cor. s critique is not the first I have had to deal with, and 1 hope to survive even that. If it satisfies or amuses hiui—if it adds " one cubit to his stature" -I aui content. With regard to my strictures on the two sentences to which I referred, I nny tell him that neither " grated on my ear " (the car has nothing to do with newspaper reports), which in that particular is not " sensitive ;" nor aid either *' arouse my imitation," my auger not being inflamed : nor am I (like " your cor.' ) in the habit of "rushing to the columns of your journal " on any subject. To do so is not gentlemanly—not "respectable." Espauialiy with news correspondence it is advisable to take things coolly. Your cor. says «' that the audience (the church audience, of course) was respectable," aud that I had (yes, DAKED) to question or deny." What business was it of mine whether it were or not? Certain it is that I did not raise the ghost of respectability, aud if your cor . who did raise it. doe-5 not like the pool- but " respectable" ghost. wLy let him—lay it Who, in the n;une of reason ever heard of a Methodis- Church anniversary that was not " respectable?" I still allege that your cor.'s words (a sneer as uncalled for as it was unwarranted) led to one inference only, viz., that the dance social was not respectable, and this is the opinion of all therein concerned. Your cor. ts ics to wriggle out of the dilemma iu which lie Ins placed himself by insinuating that there were others present at the dance social besides " the select people who were invited." This is but a poor subtcrfuge. Who is your cor. iudeed, that he should draw the line as to what is or not " respectable ?" Let him give his opinion when asked for ir. As regards your cor.'s inquiry " wha*. lias all this (viz., respectability), to do with hiui?'' I take for granted that he is not so far short of that ctaudard as to scud in a report containing sueers and inuendos concerning an affair with which he had nothing to do. Even with church socials, all's well that ends well; and can he say that they always do or have done that, so far as " moral influence " (whatever that may n.eau) is concerned ? Does he mean to say that there may not be an influence for good in a properly conducted dauce Can he give Scripturc reference to a passage forbidding such ail enj jyinentIt he can I will esteem il a fav.jr. 1 admit that ".the two gatherings in themselves, in their objects," were dissimilar ; but if he, as I conceive he does, means to imply by the phrase " moral iiifiueuce" the power of influencing for good or evil, ami that the power for good neces sarily and solely results from church meetings, while that for evil as necessarily and solely results from dance meetings, theu I distinctly join issue with him. Does he arrogate to himself the responsibility of " binding and loosing " in matters spiritual 'i If so " by what authority doth he these things?" Will your cor. candidly answer me this question : " Were not the proceedings, after the usual tea-meeting, as much for the amusement or interesting of the audience as for the glory of God ? " I take it that, th" •oiiicf ••ljjcut.'ui --iea-nglits " and socials is to briug friends together to have a crack with one another, and to get monej r out of their., giving, of course, in return, quid pro quo. What different was the otliersoeial, at which your correspondent affects to sneer? Not a whit the worse, certainly. I suppose that he has read what a greater Authority than he once said about being in a hurry to " first cast a stone." When he states plainly what he means by the expression that " there is no comparison but a vast contrast." won't object essaying to argue the point with him. Is he prepared to deny that the cultivation of moral prin-jiples is impossible at a dancing party, or to assert that nu immoral practises ever followed the edifyings of a church social ? 1 incline to Job's opiuion of his three comforters (?) when he said to them : " No doubt but ye are the people, aud wisdom will die with you." I do not generally write at random, and i did not, for any reason, " draw the inference that tlic church gathering was the most (sic) respectable." lloni soit qui mal y pense.' The question of Amusement as connected wieli Religion arose naturally out of my remarks, and if your cor. does not relish the union of Amusement and Religiou I caunot help it, but I do pity him for narrow- mindedness. An A1 "our own" would scarcely be found writing such a sentence as this : " He (myself, poor Netno), must not talk ab »ut hearing nc (sic) more diatribes." It is immaterial to me whether the question is revived or aot. Let those most interested in it figiit it out, if they can tiud a Goliath competent to do so, 1 candidly inform your cor. that my feeble callow wiugs could not possibly soar in company with his eagle pinions into the realms of controversy whither lie invites me. At present I am " : un,bl<Y' and iu the Press nameless, which is better for everybody concerned in iu correspondence with our local paper, l'erchauce your cor.'s object iu wishin" to enter into a discussion, under proper signature, is to attain notoriety as a literary gladiator; or to be stt " up on hi<Tb," Tiniotheus like, or as was the golden image of Nebuchadnezzar on the plains of Dura. There is a drawback to the proposition, inasmuch as some ignoramuses like myself might think that your cor. if so elevated had been placed in the pillory. Your cor. is the same to me, be his name Dick, Tom, or Harry. As for myself I am a Robin Hood, aud would just as readily pull up (if needs be) a bishop or a president of the Conference as a local d your cor.. th<2 tone of whooe letter reminds me strongly of " the Admirable Crichton' 4 who lived in the latter half of the 16th century, of whom his contemporaries declared that he was "a prodigy of nature," "an amazing genius," etc. Your cor. states that I " take exception to the music supplied on the occasion." I did nothing of the sort. My spectacles are clear pebbles (they cannot enable me to see sound, but scientific men tell us that musical sounds have color). His are of tinted glass, and I think they are of a magical character, possessing the power of making "invisible things" to be "clearly seeu." Possibly, I may ([ would not have the effrontery to declare that I do) know more about "stringed instruments" aud their u^e in "the Divine services" than your cor. ever dreamt of; and should it ever happen (strange things do sometimes happen) —should it ever happeu that " the church " (organ and choir as well, I presume), should have " to consult the tastes of such as Neuio " or even " Nemo " himself, the " rtio " mi.Tht pc-rhaps hear of something to their advantage before the " consultation" was ended. °I was not aware until I saw your cor.'s reply that "stringed instruments, organ, and choir" were employed to supply music (at so much per page, I suppose), for the church. The 93rd Psalm says "Ocome, let us (the congregation) sing unto the Lord ;" and St. Paul, writing to the Ephesian Church, exhorts them to " sing, and make melody in their hearts." No mention here of the music being " supplied," either to order or by agreement. I would just thank vour cor. for his generous invitation to discuss a subject with which I am familiar, and upon which I can impart some information. I never attempted to "teach my grandmother to sack eggs." If I were inclined to a discussion it would not be on a subject with which I was unacquainted, because I hold that only fools talk about tilings tbey do not understand. As to the Religion-Amusement bogey—the unfortunate ghost which haunts your cor., sleeping or waking — I am pretty certain that if he could have risen equal to the occasion of replying to the letter in which the subject was first mentioned he would have been but too glad to manifest his wonderful powers in writing an espistle which would have left it as " dead as Julius Cassar." Bnt, alas ! he missed bis opportunity, and maintained a most ominous silence. As to the " great relief," that is a matter of opinion—it might be to your cor., but he is an interested party, and a little bit sore about it. I much regret that my remarks have become so prolix, but it is not my intention either to reply to your cor. again or to notice what any other writer may have to say unless there is more to notice than appears in your cor.'s.—Yours, etc., NEMO. November 27 th, 1S93. [We fail to see the reason for such a lengthy epistle as the above if there was really nothipg in " our own correspondent s * letter worth noticing. However, we must request that this correspondence now ccase.— En. L.E.] 