THE GHOSTS 0 F HOCKING HALL In the latter part of the summer of j 18- I was travelling over the eouuty i of Hacking. I found myself as tlie shades of evening fell in one of tl>ose lonely and gruesome hollows for which the Black Jack region of Hopking County is justly famous. I thought to myself, as I sat down upon the moist and spongy end of a rotten log to rest and gather my scattered thoughts, if I were looking for the locus of a ghost story J wouldn't ask for a better outfit than is here spread before me. At my feet ran the babbling brook The solemn and lonesome wood might have been the very place depicted by the haunted imagination of the unfor-r tunate Aram. The lines came to my mind: 111 a lonesome wood, 'neath he^ps <*f leases, I hid the murdered man. And this creek, whjcfy widens a little further an iuto a black pool, where its erstwhile lively and spark ling waters find a slothful rest, why plight it not be the Sluggish water, dayl? and deep, in whose bosom the murderer sought to conceal his victims. Suddenly there were the premoni tory runnings of one ©F those sudden £iid violent electrical ^tofms which were exceedingly common during thp summer referred to. Almost before I could bestir- myself the face of the heavens was blaclj with the elemental wrath, ar.d the tops of the giant oaks were tossing m the breeze like so many arms lifted in supplication to the storm king/ I yose and walked rapidly along the thread of the stream up to the head of tiie hollow. I had not gone more than three hundred yards when I emerged at the edge of the woods and found myself in an opeq space, in the midst 0f which stood a house built of logs, but weatherboarded The surroundings of the house were somewhat peculiar-. The clear, space, of which it was seemingly the centre, was hewed out of primeval forest \n 4 square, whose sides were possibly tw© hundred yards. About the house, ^nd enclosing wh-it might have been a garden spot, save that the vegetation seemed to, have died long ag-o, ran a slab fence. As I passed across the enclosure t© the house, I was peculiarly 1 struck with the fact that the soil of | the enclosure was dry and friable, j although the ground in the immediate j vicinity indicated that it bad rained j Recently. I also, noticed with astonish- I inept that the weeds and withered vegetation of the garden was so dry ' that it cracked and brake beneath my ! feet with the brittleness ©f finest gl as.Q. The fence, ^hich % have referred to, was decayed^ but not oi\t of repair. - that is, there was a general moulder ing away, but no specific break or breftches to indicate that it had been j the object of xuisusgge O.P the wear and tea? of ord^uary occupancy. An qld fashione4 well-sweep stood in front of the house, a little ,to the right, aud beckoned bw with cooliivg enticement in th^t feast of drought. 1 approached pod bent over the curb- the" well was as dry 3s the rich man's eye at the funeral of his. poor- relation. The Stones the bottom, stained with the traces of moss which had dried and I fallen off, looked thirst. There were ? no sigpg of life about-no cautious rooster- seeding shelter, from the approaching storm, no house cat on the settle with plaiutive crvfor- admit tance ; not even the friendlv dog cauie rushing out, as was usually his wont, to bid me deep-mouthed welcome" and wipe his incisors on my trousers. A crow, which perched at the further end of the enclosure, as I approached flew off aud winged his lazy flight to the highest branch 03} the highest tree ' at the top of the opposite bill. With him departed all the life of the place. I don t think I was ever so op pressed^ with loneliness and the sense of destitution as I was in that short moment which it took me to cross that enclosure and make the observa tions which I have imperfectly de tailed. j But the storm in the meantime had grow it in fury, and the*, clouds were j threatening instant, and X thought welcome, precipitation upon that thirsty ground. I could not delav longer my reluctant application for admittance, for I confess that there was something about the house which made iae shiver when I thought ©f entering. The small windows, of the most antique pattern, seemed to be eyeing me with a sinister and curious meaning, as if surprised at my j temerity. I approached the door, j which was raised about two feet from the groined, an^ was reached by three eteps of rough . stone. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no re sponse s^ye the faint echo, of my knocking. Then, emboldened by my first efforts and by the violence of the threatening storm, which seemed rolling on towards the enclosure from all portions of the sky, I knocked Ugain, this time so vigorously that the 3oud reverberations rolled through the empty rooms and returned to my ear in Repeated echoes. My heart beat rapidly, for I was sure I heard a step within. It seemed to proceed f om upper chamber, and came slowly, stealthily down the stair. The door evidently led into a hall, and the stairs led do.se to it. The step* continued to approach, and the action of my hfaij quiekenc4 until I shut my teeth [ tightly to hold it in. At last ihe feet reached the floor. I think I would ha*e fled from the place, but I hadn't the power. The thing, whatever it was, for I now began to believe that I was iu the country of the super natural, and wouldn't have been sur prised to have had the devil himself open the dpor and invite me iu, paused at the landing. I tried to look careless and unconcerned, but that effort assumed the sauie air of general dilapidation. Presently the presence sati-fied it self, turned and walked down *he hall i and was lost to my ear. Everything | was deadly still again and my repeated ? knocking only awoke the echoes, which proceeding from those hollow rooms, seemed jilmost to have the sentinenee of a human yoiqe. I now determined to solve ihe uivs tery, whatever the result. It \yould be a good place for counterfeiters, and in the event that supposition was true 1 would probably be subjected to the embarrassment of having my tongue cut out. However, in my present state curiosity fast overcame fear, and after oiice more assailing the door wi^'i my knocking, I placed my shoulder against it to force it. I had braced uiyself for a hard tussle, and I felt a little natural embayssment and con fusion when I found myself sprawling on. the floor in the hall. I was the rop.re confused because I was sure X heard a, low laugh, whiph I tool? t<\ ^ss^e feminine lips, right in my ear. I scrambled to tnv feet, mentally framing a graceful apology for my rattier precipitate entrance, bqt to my astonishment I alone, horribly alone! I examined the dftor. and round that at the first pressure the I Jock had fallen from its fastenings. j Jjec^y, the decay of tiu\e and ?d,eness, was over everything. The hall w^s short and bare and contained nothing but the rude stairway, which, without balustrade, lead to an opening 334 the floor above and probabjy a hall-: way of similar dimensions. Ofrj the left was a small roam bare of o.rija in.e"\\. A" '-asbioned bedstead ^1' . re'J posts stood in one cor ner. Opposite $uid near. the window slooq a little wgshstand with stone fcowj^ud pitcher, I looked into the pitcher; it was. dry. There was bo water in it, but at ihe bottom of the bowi 1 tkoyght I discerned a red incrustation which miglit i^ave been felqod. I remembered that the staii} af human blood was the l^st thing ta '34e away. it remained to testify to. the horror, its spilling occasioned Ifing f the memorr of the ev^nt had faded from the minds of tnet^. I can't describe my sensations a§ I contem plated this simple thing. It seemed to *pj cited imagination that I Cou|d feel the presence of something behind me bending over- my shoulder, ihe same <hiUy breath was on mv cheek which I felt, b.,t have failed to mention, as coming through % key boie of the door when the presence Stopped at the foot of the gtairsl With an effort I shp.ok the horror ftir and turned for further, investiga tion, I approached the bed. The Storm which I had forgotten ia mT pew-found interest, had deepened the shadows o.f evening until the light which struggled through the small window, became a shadow before it reached lliat corner of the rp.ojD. As I bent my steps in that direction the presence which I conld not see, but wbieh 1 was sure had beep at my back ever sn^ce I entered the house, shitted its position, and now seemed to stand between me and the bed, re treating backward as I approached. I was sure af this, because'| felt its breath on my face. As I stopped over the h<*d J nap sure I again saw traces of blood. It was an the pillows whose white cases had turned ve|lQu' with time, and in t^e shadow 1 thought I discerned it ip prftfusiofl on the counterpane. The coverings of ! the bed were Wsed ^bout in a way which would su. gest that its la{t ! occupant h$d been suffering- with the nightmare. As I l ent farther down to examine the Mood spots more ' minutely. I became conscious qf icy i hands ahout wj tin pat. I struggled to free myself, but my efforts were ineffectual Pres.ptly tl*e h^nds loosened their gras:, and it seemed something sank bn« k on to, the bed wr-3; f 8^r8^Ing a»d sickening groan gs if dying from air; ^gnlation. I fled aghast from that room and started for the hall door, bent upon immediate escape f. off. this chamber Q mysteries. To my consternation the iqpk had been replaced, and the door, resisied my most strenuous eitorts to open it. I rushed into the room on the right; the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I had failed ta note while outside. J Wap a prisoner, in that house of horrors withoqt the physical power now to escape even if a way I ;id been opened to ine. My knees sun le together aijd the sweat stood < lit on my fore head. The room in w bich I w$s had evidently served as a kitchen and dining-room. It appealed as if it had heen left hastily af'ti-r a meal, but i£ so, it must have been 3 ears ago, for the remnants of the recast had only left stains upo^ the mouldering cloth. The furnishof the table were crude and of a pio.neer date; the pl&tes; were of a yellow crockery and the bowls and cups of antique pattern; in the wide ^replace the old-fashioned crane swung with an iron pp.t hanging to its arm. In my utter despair some of my nerve returned, and I was enabled to again move about. 4The paralysis which fear had laid upon my limbs had fallen off, and I now determined upon further investigation. I was getting used to things, and the icy presence which stili stood by my side waa not entirely intolerable. I determined to go up the stairs and see what new revelations would be vouchsafed in the upper story. The night without was black, and T could hear the deep thunder peals and see flashes of lightning. lu the uatural course of events} I thought the house should be dgrk ; but while the night liad grown gray to black there seemed to be no change in the condition of the light within the house. The atmos phere still had that sickly yellow hue which yoi} sometimes see when the evening suu sii^ka beneath a blacfc clond. It was peculiar in this, too, th$t it seemed tq pass along before me, while the space at some distance was totally obscured in tjie shadow. By the aid of the lifiht? then, I found the door and began the ascent of the stairs. As I ascended I could hear footsteps immediately behind me. They stopped whpn I did, and when about half way up the stair I heard again the same feet descending which had thrill led me when I stood outside the door. I could feel the presence pass me on the way, and I thought I felt the touch of its hand. X looked at iriy hand at the point of eontact, and a blight red spot- glowed there. ? The apparition, op whatever it was, passed O.n'wy left, o.r the outside of fhe stair way, a$d X could feel the ghostly com- \ paiiion at tny back shudder and crowd to the sensibly pushing me tot | pne side in its eagerness to avoid ti\e J Other- §ha(ie. Evidently, I thought, for I was npw enough composer] to I think, there is not entire harmony in this ghostly household. I now proceeded to the top without interruption and shade Jvo. 1 resumed its, place at ray back. At the landing, however, I perceived that mv com panion stopped. I took several steps to, the door on the right, which led to a chamber oyer the kitchen. I lifted the latch and entered. To my sur prise, but not consternation, for my nerve was completely restored, the door was sharply closed after me, and I was left in. total darkiess. The yellow light was gone and the mysteri ous presence had also departed. I groped iny way to. the window which opened oil the enclosure at the back of j the house aud trie<l to open the sash, but it resisted my efforts. Peering through the darkened glass, I could see that the storm had not abated any of its fury, hut upon a closer, look I sa«T that the cleared §pape to which I I have aliuded, and whiph I noticed as being extremely dry, seemed to be whollv escaping the heavy rain which was falling about us. From this win dow I could see the lo^fcy wall of woods at the back and a porlion on each side, and extending up from its top T could easilv perceive the edge of the rainfall, like a crystal wait, exactly co- incident with the line formed bv the trees. This, then, was the explanation of the excessive dryness. The place was cursed. As I tu»ned again to the room I became conscious of a change in the conation of the liefct. The glow was very, faint at first. font gradually inten sified until t|ie objects in the room were fasilv discernible. The light was of much the same quality as that air-padv referred to, only stronger ; and now I rer- ce'ved that it proceeded from a candelabra on a table near- the window, with three branches each holding a wax taper. While wrapped ; in wonderment at this phenomenon! I became aware of a warm and comfort able sensation creeping over, me, and, , looking round, beheld a cheerful fire in the old-fashioned open grate at my 1 back. " This is excel'ent," I thought, | and seating myself in a curiously ; carved oaken ehair- before the fire. I J began to leisurely examine the con- j tents of the room in detail. There was , a richness ahoufc everything that ill I comported with the wildness of the j region and the finish of the room, j Evidently these trappings of luxury had been used to better days and other climes. There was an air of oriental profusion in the furnishings that suggested the nativity of the oivner, but there was also such a diversity in the designs and workman-_ ship of the various articles that even .an unpractised eye could readily see they had been collected from many quarters of the globe. I at once made up my mind that the mysterious owner was a seafaring man. possibly a pirate, who for some detected crime was forced to seek safety in this place, remote from the base of his mauraud ing operations. The table whereon sat the light was littered with books, maps, and nautical instruments, and upon its fcfand, near a richly-uphol stered chair by the table, a large globe, wliich swung on its inclined axis. The room looked as if the occupant had just left it, and but for a short time. While I was musing upon these strange things the door softly opened and a man richly clad in garments of oriental magnificence entered. He was smoking a long Turkish pipe, and the pungent fragrance of the tobacco brought up to my imagination all the poetical charms of the Orient. I was about to speah, bjifc saw that, although he turned his eyes to that portion of the room where I sat, he did not observe me. He passed quietly across the rooaj to the chair by the table and sank contentedly back in its cushions. He was in deep meditation, and as. b.e held his rapt gaze on the opposite wall he took long draughts at his pipe and filled the room with the flagrant smoke. Presently he laid aside the pipe, too* a parchment map from the i table, and with his instrument was soon lost in some intricate problem. I don't know how Jong we sat thu.«, but it couldn't have been manv moments untii the latch again, clicked and another figure entered the room. The figure in the chair didn't raise liis eyes, and \y$* evidently unconscious of tl>e second presence. The intruder was a man dressed after the i-^tne general fashion ot the first, in an inferior style, which indi cates the r^nk qf a servant. His features, wrought with passion, showed that he was a native of spme of thos« countries which border the Mediter ranean, possibly a Greek. The features of the master, whom I now turned to, as they were eagerly bent over his m^p, showed that he had been liirji in a colder plime, but they had the bronze whiph only the tfopic^l pun can give. "W^hile J was making these observa tions the second figure had glided around the room aud was standing bapk of the ch^ir and partially leaning over the sitting man. The movement hsid evidently heen qnqbserved by the latter. I looked into, the face of the servant, and if ever murder cried out from features it certainly did from these. In a twinkling he had whipped a curved anil murderous knife from his belt, and bending be had placed his hand over the mouth of the man iq. the chair, bent his head back until the throat w$s well exposed, and then he drew the keen knife Qpross, almost severing the head. The blood gushed out in torrents, but the murderous sl?,ve held his hand tightly over the mouth of the victim until he was sure life had parted ; then lie dropped the head, which fpll limply to one side, exposing the gh$s>tly wpund, and again passed out the door I heard his footfalls on the stairs. I had heard them before. They were the same which responded to my first knocking, the same which passed me on my way to the fatal chamber. I arosp and follo.wed quickly to the landing. The ;nan had passed down to. the door and was standing in an expectant attitude, evidently s^waiti^g the approach of'soine one. j presently 1 heard the fresh notes of a song without, and following the door was opened and a youpg girl, carrying a candle and shielding ita flame from the wind with hey baud, entered. She h^d no more than stepped across the threshold when the slave sprang upon hey- There was a struggle, and the delicate girl was hu.stled into, the room I first described- I heard a stifled shriek, a gqrg%g groan, a,ud then $11 \vas sfill, li\ the intensity of my agonised horrqr I found wy voice and called aloud JTust as I shouted the storm seemed to gather s^Il ita thunder in one bolt, which it spent with & mighty and deafening crash. The earth shook, the fabric of that house crumbled about me and the uncanny spirits flew shrieking to their confines. 