CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. On Sunday morning Canon French, who has been inoumbent of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, far the hist ten years, preached his farewell sermon to the congregation, prior to assuming the new duties of archdeacon in the northern diocese. Canon French Felected far his text the 42nd veree of tbe second chapter pf Acts — 'And they continued steadfastly in the apostle's doctrine and fellowship, and ia breaking of bread, and in prayers.' The preacher explained the circumstances surround ing the 3,000 converts, baptised of St. Peter and others, mentioned in the basis of his sermon, and stated that in those words was recorded an example which might well bo followed by the church people of today. There was one thing whioh distinguished those converts, and that charaoteristio was loyalty. They were loyal to the backbone in every thing that Christ oould desire so as to make their lives approach perfection, and it was the absence of this virtue in the people of the Church of England of to-day that made its influence, so weak. There were too many attendants, supporters, and odtios for the Church ever to exercise that influence which should mark its progress, and he urged them all to become one united band of loyal workers, to stead fully continue in the apostles' doctrine which, had been handed down to them. lie dwelt upon the necessity of confirmation as a etarcing-point for this condition of loyal union, and concluded by eayitfg that in His future life he hoped to hear that all those to whom he had preached this gospel had oome nut as loyal and willing workers for the Divine Master. The Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Kennion) performed the conseoration service at the Chapel of Easa of St. John's Parish, Moore street, on Thursday moruiug. Shortly after 10 o'clock the bishop and the accompanying clergy and laity proceeding to the west door of the church, where a procession was formed, the ohoir taking precedence, followed by the clergy, and then oame the chaplin with the bishop in the rear, all of whom wore the robes of offioe. The procession was received at the door by the officers of the church, where a petition was delivered to the bishop to conse crate the church. His lordship ordered this to be read, and then Dr. Kennion signified his consent to comply with the prayer of the petition. The bishop aud clergy, with the churchwardens, then proceeded up the aisle to the holy table, singing as they went Psalm xxi v. The bishop and his chaplains received the deeds of the church, which he laid together with the petition upon the holy table, Prayers for the ministers of the church, those who would subsequently ba baptisod and confirmed and others connected with the body were then reoited, and then the sentence of consecration was read by the registrar, whioh, having been signed by the bishop, was ordered with the petition and other deeds to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. This having been done his lordship declared 'the Church of St. Mary Magdelene to be conse crated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tha Holy Ghosts. Amen.' Archdeacon Dove then addressed the congregation and appealed to them to assist in sustaining the church. The Review of May 1 states that the Buhop and Mrs. Kennion leave for England on May 10. A report on Sfe. Peter's Cathedral ' completion fund is published, which states that at the publio meeting held at -the Town Hall on April 16, 18'JO, 'subscriptions and donations amounting to £10,903 19s. 4d. were announced. Subsequently, further subscrip tions and donations have been paid or promised, payable in instalments, and sums received for interest, etc., amounting to £4,440 2a. 2d., making a total of £15,350 la. 6d. On St. Peter's Day, June 29, 18S'2i and Sunday, July 3, 1892, golden offerings were made at the Cathedral, amounting to £1,023 ISa. 7d, bring ing the total up to £16,371 0s. Id. The sum of £1,100 — part of this amount has been pro raised to be paid if £19,000 be contributed within four years from the opening of the sub scription-list. In the month of May, 1890, a contraot for the foundations of tbe extension was entered into, and £GGS le. 6d. has been paid on this account. Further contracts have been made for building the walk, firsj) to the level of the plinth and afterwards to the level of the roof of the aisles, and £9.511 17s. has been paid on account, and there is Btill £118 18s. 9d. to be paid. A contract was also entered into for making an entrance and build ing a porch on the north side of the Cathedral, and £398 19a. Cd. has been paid in respeot of it. Since the completion of the contract for building to tbe level of the roof a few men have been employed at day work in carrying up the tower?, and £102 16s. 7d. has been paid to them. The general ex penses for printing, advertising, &a; (inoluding ereotion of staging at the laying of the founda tion-stone), have amounted to £450 2s. 7d.( and the sum of £525 has been paid on aooount of the Cathedral lodge, making a total ex penditure of £12,184 12s. lid. The treasurer has now in hand a sum of £118 2s. 8d., and the further sum of £4,071 4s. Gd. has still to be paid on aooount of the subscriptions pay able by instalments, but of this amount it is feared that £1,100, the amount of conditional promises, unless £19,000 be raised before May, 1894, and also £300 or thereabouts will not, from various causes, be reoeived. The esti mated coat of tbe work now required to oom plete the Cathedral sufficiently for uae, in cluding part of the towers (but not the epires), is £11,000.' It Beems as if from want of help on the part of the railway and eduoation authorities, and apathy on tbe part of the railway men, that the railway boys' home at Quoin, suggested and commenced by the Rev. A. E. Corner, would fall through. It is a pity that the men cannot eee that it is for the good of their children to accept the benefits offered by the proposed scheme. The patronage committee of St. Michael's, in whose hands the sole power of appointment rests, have unanimously chosen the Rev. Albert Wyndham Clampett, M.A., as successor to the Rev. F. W. Samwell, who, amidst general re gret, leaves for the more important charge of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, on May 3L We have every hope that Mr. Clampett's ministry will, under God's blessing, be the means of building up our people upon their most holy faith, and his past experience in country parishes in this diocese will be a great help in supervising the woik which has for some months past been carried on under the direction of our present energetio inoumbent. The Lord Bishop will hold his last confirma tion before leaving for England at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, on Sunday, May 7, at 3 p.m. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of May 5 :— The Rev. C. T. Newman, general secretary of Home Mis sions, left this morning for the south-east on deputation work. He expects to be absent from town for a fortnight. The Rev. Richard Martin, of the British Conference, who has betn visiting friends in Adelaide, left for Syd ney on Tuesday last. He proposes to return to Adelaide in a few months. Mrs. Roberts, the wife of the Rev. Vivian ' Roberts, of Magili. and their only son are dangerously ill of typhoid fever. The Rev. J. N. Mills, of Geraldton, West Australia, was, at the latest advioea from Perth, seriously UL The Bev. W. Carmichael, who was transferred by the last Conference to New South Wales for mission work and appointed to a station in Fiji, was on Wednes day united in marriage to Miss Pollard, of Moonta, and yesterday left by the express train for Sydney and the mission field. Mr. Robert Kelly, father of Mr. J. R Kelly, M.P.. and formerly an old and highly ? esteemed official of our church in the Yankalilla circuit, but more recently connected with the Norwood Church, is seriously ill; hisestimable wife also lies in a very precarious state. Mr. Jae. Cock, M.P., has been presented by a number of his constituents connected with the Homestead League, at Mount Gambier, with a purse of sovereigns in appreciation of his services in the last Parliament. Rev. W. G. Taylor, of the Centenary Hall, Sydney, will leave by the RES. Orizaba for his trip round the world in aid of the movement to liquidate the debt on the hall property. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, of the West Central Miminn, London, has, in oousidention of 'distinguished services in the field of educa tion,' been invited by the Commissioner of Eduoation of the United States Government: to attend the special Congress of Eduoation to be held in Chicago and to take part in its pro ceed ings. He has also been placed on the list of honorary vice-presidents of the general oon grees. Mr. Hughes, however, will not be able to visit America this year. The following personal items appear in the May issue of Truth and Progrczi:— 'Joy Nath Babu, who recently visited the colonies, has joined the Salvation Army in India. Dr. Mead has been seriously ill— a oase of blood poieoning. He was staying with Mr. Albion Williams, Stroud Green. London, but deemed it ttess to'etrtw Guy's Hospital for treatment. He was slightly better when the last mail left, but feeling naturally much 'Alone in London.' Mis3 Blanche Mead is visiting in the West of England. The Rev. J. EL Sexton will enter upon his pastorate at Mor phejt Vale next Sunday. Mr. G. S. Fowler is expected to return to Adelaide in June. We regret to say that the Rev. S. Fairey continues to be in very indifferent health and that it is doubtful if he will be able to resume his pas toral duties at Parkeide. The Rev. R. Taylor, of Petersburg, has been invited to Glen Osmond. The editor of Truth and Progress has been appointed a member of the Advisory Council of the World's Congress Auxiliary to be held at Chicago, U.S.A., as one of tbe representa tives of the religious press of South Australia. The editor regrets that he will be unable to attend. He will, however, accept the appoint ment and send a short paper on the position and prospects of the religious press in this oolony.' _^__^____^__ 