HEBE AID THERE, Bx the Mas About Tows, Times are very bad. We nous of ua know lfhat we may come to. One hears of whilom ■millionaires who are now earning a precari ous livelihood by cleaning windows and digging front gardens, and of company mongers who have been actually forced, by pressure of circumstances, to gain an honest living by doing something useful. Such in stances are very pathetic, particularly those of the latter kind. When you are constantly hearing of such cases you get inured to anything. Therefore I wa3 not startled speechless when, the other afternoon, coming up Swanston street, I saw Victoria’s most milliouy millionaire with his nose almost flattened up against a pork butcher's window-—quite as near to it, that is, as the brim of his bat would permit— gazing musingly at the display of three penny pork pies, black puddings and sausages. He stood sniffing and peering thero for a minute or two, wondering, no doubt, what they tasted like. 1 half expected to see him go in and buy a pie and nibble it as he pur sued his way down the street. 1 took such compassion on him that I could scarce restrain myself from offering to effect the purchase, if his pride overcame his appetite, . and “go halves.” However, he contented himself with the V6ry succulent smell that came from the shop, and tore himself away, to go home to his kangaroo tail soup and Canadian salmon, while I trudged off to eat my humble bread and cheese and bananas. But I shall always claim the opulent Bart, as a fellow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked upon a millionaire as something inaccessible and superhuman; but a being with a stomach' that hankers after black pudding and pork pies is emphatically a man and a brother. If I had been a member of Parliament, I don’t think I could have voted for Mr Tren with’s minimum wage resolutiou last week. I don’t believe in a minimum wage. I'm a maximum wage man—as maxi mum as you like. . I never had any wage yet that was too maximum for me. If my wage is to be “ mum •’ at all, let it be “ mum ” in the “max” direction. But I should have liked to have been in the House on Wednes day to have enjoyed by participation that exquisite joke of Mr Patterson’s at which no body laughed. After Mr Treawith had BDoken and one or or two more Labor members had said ditto to him, tha Premier moved the ad journment of the debate “ in order that members might have time to consider the resolution!” The humor of it is rich. The session is all but over. There isn’t a chance as considerable as the shadow of the ghost of a microbe, of the resolution coming up again. Sir Patterson know that perfectly well: so he vast moved the adjournment to give members time to think it over,in order that they miaht , net vote too hastily. It reminds mo of Sir Ilenry Hawkins's, reply to the prisoner who, after being found guilty, was asked whether he h:.a anything to Bay as to why sentence 1 should not be passed on him. The rascal said he should like a little to consider ■ what ho had to say. “ Oh, certainly,” said the distinguished criminal judge, “take plenty of time to consider it-say five In one of his poems Lord Byron tells how i an Italian lady, when asired by an English- . woman to describe the duties of a “ cavaliere 1 servente,” answered, “Madame, I beseech you to Bnppose them." An English girl of the ! eentury professes no such ignorance as that , of herfair prototype. In “ Girls’ Gossip ” in i “Truth,” a letter in which “ Madge’’ com mences by describing a corset, and winds up 1 with a recipe for a curry—the writer gives 1 a tolerably clear idea of the modem ‘' tame , cat,” as the slang of the day calls the “third i in the household,” the “tertium quid” of Rndvard Kipling. One “smart" young married woman admits that she only “ keepB J on” with Mr So and So because her husband ^ would think her dowdy unless she had , some one to run about after her. > Another has a tiff with her “ cavaliere,” and 1 absolutely advertises for another as a private 1 secretary, willing to make himself generally useful. The respondents to her“ad.”areneither young enough nor good looking. They j don’t understand buying bouquets to match j dresses, or picking up pet dogs, or acting sb i courier when travelling, and, above all, they 1 don t understand the art of delicate and in- j sidious gallantry which in cold climates has a , plainer name. “The tamecatsystem,’’remarks i “ Madge,” with considerable naivete, “ is a i curious one, but there is no doubt that it is a i recognised institution in certain sets.” 1 Well, perhaps it is, but it isn’t a very ■ healthy outcome of our boasted civilisation, i (There is an unmanly ice-water, chocolate- i cream, scented- cigarette sort of flavor about ■ it that doesn’t fit well with older-fashioned ideas. The roue of the Restoration, with his swagger of silk and satin, and his per- ■ fumed handkerchief nestling in the band- J hilt of his rapier was of a manlier type. He was ■ ready enough to make love to his neighbor’s 1 wife, but he was just as ready to unsheath that rapier behind Montague House if the 1 husband made himself obtrusively objection able. • The “tame cat” is of different order, i Should an esclandre come he makes off in a borrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; or, should he bloom into a co-respondent and get cast in damages, goes promptly in solvent. He is a poor oreature, in many respects a type of an age of sham and stucco, crim-con and chatter, gluttony and gossip a portion of a system for which a lady writer can find no better descriptive term than “curious.” The redeeming feature is that in clubs, messes and smoking rooms, in the cricket field or on the football ground, men don’t think much of him. He is looked upon as a mixture of dude, mnsher and lady’s maid, with a dash of the harem guard thrown in. Even husbands don’t seem to mind him What the woman for whom he trifles away his time thinks of him the Sphynx only knows. 5, “I hope the charming example of those eostumes to be worn in the comedy of The Amazons won’t communicate itself to our women-folk,”esid I to my friend Mr Hen peoked, as we stood peering in a shop win dow at the photograph of Mrs Brough and Miss Graeio Noble, looking bewitching in masculine attire. “It ain't necessary,’’ growled Henpecked. “Why, what do you mean?” 1 gasped, “Surely the Toorak girls are not already - .” “ I tell you it ain’t necessary,” he interrupted; “ the women-folk wear ’em now, at least mine do.” Poor man. I always said he let Mrs H. have her own way too much when they • were first married. 