CRUMBS. Sir Henry is a wily old dog. Pleasing pointless platitudes. One man one woman one rote. Tremendous hitting by Lyons. The gold-mining industry is looking up. Courageous liomburg among his friends. Singular discovery-a politioal oonsoience. " A Day with a Maligned Mining Inspector." Mr. Angas epaiiicg the Viotoriana for oat tie prizes. The aea contains in solution 2,000,000 tons of silver. Inspector Parkea got away alive from Mount Pleasant. Onkaparinga gold more appetizing than even itB beer. The Lion in the Path may turn out to be an oposBum. The disappointed diggers did not bury the Inspector. " The -scat of Parliament ?"-Well, that will never be known. The secrets of the confessional have been kept for centuries. Sir John agrees that people Bhould be re quired to utilise land. Where is there another such wonderful cricketer as Dr. Grace? The Laplander sleeps in a big reindeer skin bag to keep him warm. Nature's voioe iB echoed, and her breath interpreted by wisdom. Dr. Magarey leading a forlorn hope against the London Wine Depot. Half of Way College boys got a holiday, and the other half got the tneasleB, . Glenelg flooded August SO, 1875. Heavy rains in all the settled diBtriotB. A oh&rter; of liberties granted by King John in 1213 has just been disoovered. Nature speaks through the elements, and vitality is in her breath and voice. The outside of a horse is the best thing for the inside of a man, says an old writer. Mr. Homburg had to meet his constituents instead of listening to Sir Henry Parkes. Goddard gave three constables great trouble to arrest him as an absconding insolvent. Inspector Parkes up to Mount Pleasant armed with two-members of Parliament. It is a curious fact in natural history that birds with long legs always have short tails. The more you puff a oigar the smaller it be comes, and that is the case with noma men. The moat wonderful vegetable is the truffle; it baB neither roots, stem, leaves, flowers, nor seeds. Bruce and Bannerman, in etyleB the anti thesis of each other, ran up the higheBt totals. The publio badly want to know full particu lars as to State-paid oab fates and refresh ments. Sparrows, it now seems, are useful for making "a dainty dish fit to set beforo a King." Great Britain wanting 24,000,000 quarters of wheat this year. No wonder she's a free trader. Sinoa July, 188G, England has won seventeen games and Australia only three; three matches were drawn. . The Manager of the Bank of Adelaide at Mount Pleasant has 2 lb. of nice gold obtained in the district. The Railway Commissioners are in the posi tion of an editor-everybody else could do the busineBB better. A oynical Adelaidean asks if the taxation of vacant land will apply to unused allotments in the cemetery? The better class of the Philippine Islandnrs smoke cigars a foot long. How would Sir John like one of these ? The blackbird, ohaffingh, thrush, starling, and other English birds thoroughly acclima tised at Unley Park. The " Grey Ladies" are a sooiety of women living together as friends to help in Ohuroh , work south of London.: I Lady Halberton fears that .the staylaoe has "filled more gravel than whisky." Without doubt. Of corset has. Dr. M*garey's definition of * bona fide was "thirsty. He was thinking of "bona fide traveller." Smart. An eruption of Mount Etna ooourred August 25, 1381, by which all the olive- yards round Catania were destroyed. Mr. M. Mahon died at Marion twelve months, ago aged 96. Who says South Australia is insalubrious ? A nep paving «nw being laid down in London ib composed of granulated cork and bitumen pressed into bloeks. "l'he only forces arrayed against the workers were the capitalists and the Press." Is that quite true, Mr. Sleath ? The measles epidemio must be exasperating to the sohool teachers. It is unnecessary to ask "mater" what she thinks of it. An old lady in search of a ticket oalled at the Theatre Boyal and asked, "Is this Mr. Bough and Bioyole'e offioe?" Mr. Titherage, as the Abbe, made up in a way to resemble a lately lost and muoh-loved dignitary of the Roman Catholic Church. Ad imperial acre of bananas is estimated to produoe forty-four times more by weight than the potato, and"135 more than wheat. In the annals of human folly there are not any absurdities to be found so glaring as in the counteracting tariffs.of friendly nations. Has the Patriaoh of! Australia met that 'smart younc Adelaide politician who " cheeked him back on a notable occasion?" If the Butter Bonus Bill becomes law, there will be a precedent for demanding an export bouoty on copper, salt, and other produciB. "No one should be trusted with unlimited publio money to be spent on his own account." That's just what we have has argued allalong. "The publio had been regarded as the great milohoow, and now it was being seen that the old lad; was getting dry."-Mr. J: Dodg son. "In seeking justioe they would not advise a breach of faith on behalf of the Orown any more than they wonld submit to it." True, Sir John. Mr.-T. Price, M.P., says if a comparison were made between the North-terraoe Parlia ment and Union Parliament the former would suffer. There are truths whioh some men despise, because tbey Cave not examined them, and whioh they will not examine because tbey dis like them. The British South Afrioa Company now computes the extent of its territory aB 600,000 square miles, but really there ib no fixed limit to its possessions. People who wonder why men's hair turns grey before their whiskers should remember that there is about twenty years' difference in their respective ages. Gosling-" I wonder why they put in a hyphen between the names of man and wife in announcing a marriage?" Old Bachelor " To keep 'em apart." Tourist-"If,you saw me drop down this precipice you would be terribly upset, would you not?" Guide-" Oh, not in the least, you have paid me in advance." Young aspiraut (to editor)-"I wish to pursue a literary oareer." Editor-" Well, young man, pursue it. If you ever catch up with it drop in and let me know." The two ParkeB, both prophets in their way, and both deal in deep things. One has rieen to be a Knight of the Day, and the other when he descends turns the day into night. . A Nevada hunter spent three monthslooking for a grizzly bear, and the man's relatives have spent three months looking for him. They think he must have found the bear. She-" Mrs. Knagg is dreadfully lonesome without her husband." He-"Humph! I don't see what fault she has to find." She " That is precisely what makes her unhappy." "TheOrown as landlord changes its mind from year to year, and even from month to month, and the present paralysis of the pas toral industry is partly traoeable to that fact," The Crumbman wants to know from Sir John Downer if the State has a "natural right" to barter away the Bix feet of land whioh he (the Crumbman) expeots to get some day. This 28th of August was the seoond anni versary of the wreck of the Gambier near the entrance to Hobson'e Bay. The vessel sunk in seven minutes, and twenty-three lives were lost. Two figures loom before the South Austra lian public-the Grand Old Martyr Parkes and Mining Martyr Parked. One is having a happy, and the other got a Mount Pleasant time. " Says Farmer Oob to me, says he, that boy o' yourn, Mrs. Sowsear, is a genii. He has made two gateposts and a pigtrough all out of his own head, and has plenty of wood left for more!" The ever-memorable Battle of Oressy was fought August 26, 1346, when Edward III. and his son, Edward, the Blaok Prince, obtained a great victory over Philip, King of France. Olivia-"Say, Lily, I saw Fred Hardup going into a pawnbroker's yesterday. What ever oould he be doing there?" Lily-"Oh! I don't know; passing his time away, maybe." It must not be supposed that the Ministers figuring in the recent returnB were extrava gant beyund other Ministers, but there is sufficient indignation to spare for any tD be yet found out. If we could sweep with eagle eye the whole horizon of the world's affairs, there would ap paar no duty so urgent to be done by Austra lians as to come together and unite for mutual happinesB and prosperity. Mr. Homburg confidently asserted that he had never been to thediBtriot of Gumeraoba at tbe cost of the State, unless it was in oonneo tion with a publio mattBr, or on which Mini sters required information. New Zealand Methodists are pleased with the Rev. T. F. Prior and South Australia with the Bev. Joseph Berry. Intercolonial chauges of other preaohers, and even of politioianB, might be made with equally felicitous results. Mistress-'*1 never saw such a fearful looking kitchen. How do you manage to accumulate so many dirty dishes?" Cook " Sure, mum, the young leddies was just after showing me as how they roasts a potato at their cooking aohools." A Mount Pleasant digger asks-" Can't the , Trades and Labour Gounoil decree that the diggers' return shall not be less than 1J d wts. per diem?" "You may depend upon it that the cultiva tion of love for your neighbour and that gentle ness whioh for ever turneth away wrath are among the means to bring about a happy state of society."-Sir Henry Parkes. "Ip a sense the colonies at present have no politios whatever. The sole preoocupation of each colonial Parliament is how to reduoe ex penditure, and stretch the revenue so as to leave no deficit."-Review o) Reviews. Thus the Review of Reviews:-" The colonies have the obstinate commercial honesty of the raoeto whioh they belong ; and in tbe stress of their finanoial difficulties they beoome as praotical and as laboriously frugal as Dutch men." Messrs. Sandford & Oo.'e opinion of the i batter market (from the Garden and Field) s ? I -"The future prioe depends muoh upon the question whether the Butter Bonui Bill will oome into operation in the near future; if not, low pices mutt prevail." The italioa are the Crumbman's. , Alalia, the famous Gotfaio hero, having , ' satiated his. revengeful thirib for Unman blood by firing op the clerioaloity to'sixdaya indiscriminate pillage by his troops, kindly evaouated Rome August 29. 410, and ravaged the southern provinces of Italy, but was stopped in hid career at the siege of Cosenza in Calabria by another gritn conqueror named Death. On August 25, 1170, Strongbow, tinder King Dermot, carried Dublin by storm. Dermot was the last King of Leinster. _ In 1167 he was driven out by O'ftuare, Prince of Leitrim, whoBe wife be had carried off. By the help of Strongbox, Earl of Pembroke, who had married bis daughter, he recovered his kingdom, but died soon afterwards. The atrooious massaore of St. Bartholomew oommenoed at Paris on the night of August 24, 1572. Aooording to Maximilian, Sully, the French statesman-who was himself a Protes tant, and narrowly escaped death by conceal ment-70,000 Huguenots were murdered throughout the kingdom by secret orders of Charles IX.. issued at the instigation of his mother, the Queen Dowager-Catherine de Medioi. The following curious advertisement (eaya the Daily Newt) has appeared in the Ncue Freie Pretse:-"A young man (Sooialist) wishes to marry a girl of similar convictions. She must be kind-hearted, a serious thinker, of a manly charaoter. The most important conditions are wealth, beauty, and talent for literature. The marriage must be preoeded by long correspondence. Reply to 'Wedded Battlers for Liberty/ office of the Neue Freie Preme." Obituaries,-The Emperor Louis I., of Germany, Burnamed "the Pious," departed this life at Frankford, August28, 826. Hugo (rrotius, the eminent JuriBfc, bade the world farewell, August 28, 1645. Count Axel Oxenstiern, the famous Swedish Chancellor, whom Grustavus Adolphm deliehted to honour, made his exit August 28,1654. Charles Boyle, Earl of Orrary, the celebrated antagonist of Bentley, quitted the stage of mortality August 28.173L Leigh Hunt, poeb, oritio, and mis cellaneous writer, dittoed ab Pulteney, August 28,1859. Pope Alexander III. gave up the ghost August 30, 1181. Eight years before this Sebastian Ziani obtained a decisive naval viotory over Otho Barbarossa, ia remembranoe of whiob His Holiness presented Ziani with a ring, and said to him "Take this and give it to the sea as a testimony of your dominion over it. Let your suooessors annually perform the same oeremony, that posterity may know that your valour has purchased this preroga tive, and subjected this element to you, even as a husband subjeoteth his wife." That you know was before Britannia ruled the waves ao orookedly. 