IN DEATH'S VALLEY. DEATH VALLEY (says the San Fran cisco C'hroniclce) is known as the region of the lowest depression in the world, besides claiming the flattering appel lation of being the hottest place on earth. It is also 430ft below the level of the sea. The valley is 75 miles long and from eight to fifteen miles wide. On the east the valley is bounded by the Funeral Mountains, which attain an elevation of from 6000ft to 8000ft, and on the west it is enclosed by the Panamint Range, which reaches a height of from 8000ft to 10,000ft. We arrived at the entrance or level of Death Valley and from this point saw for the first time a sandstorm. When we saw it the northern part of the valley was obscured in a brownish-coloured cloud, which gradually thinned out until it crossed the entire valley. Never at any moment did it entirely obscure the sun, which looked like a mere ghost of itself. The cloud moved with great velocity in our direction, and soon advance runners or hot puffs of wind reached us. On arriving at the end of Furnace Creek wash we saw the sandstorm in the northern part of the valley. This was shortly after sun rise. The entire horizon and sky were obscured by the sand and gravel, which were buoyed in an atmosphere oppressively hot and stifling. Soon we were enveloped by a dense cloud of sand, and occasionally as a stronger puff of wind came gravel and even small rocks were hurled in our faces. ,We covered our heads with blankets, and the mules instinctively turned their tails to the wind. With all these pre cautions we did not escape, for my guide's face and my own became badly bruised and lacerated. In our exsosed position we experienced all the fury of this desert simoon, and as the winds travelled across the alkali sink they increased in heat to such an extent that breathing became a matterof diffi culty. This storm lasted two days, andin all this time it was impossible to move from our position. We had to camp here for that period, being unable to light any fires or prepare meals. Most.of this time we were covered with blankets and literally starved. I never want to undergo that ordeal again. This was in the fall. The puffs of wind were so intenstly hot and suffocating that they can be likened to blasts from a furnace, and seemed to draw the very breath from our bodies. The storm piled the sand around our waggon and covered everything. Occasionally looking down into the valley, we could soe a large sand augur or spout waltzing hither and thither over the country, carrying the sand and alkali dust high into the air. Though this storm was exceedingly severe to a novice like myself, it is incompar able to the ones that sweep over this country in middle summer. In July or August, with the thermometer registering from 130 to 137 degrees in the shade, it would be impossible for any living creature to exist in it even for an hour. After having passed safely through this sandstorm we continued our journey, and I made a thorough inspection of the valley. There is much of interest to be told, but owing to the absence of much of my data and statistics I would not venture to give you a description of our observations, as many of them are based on scientific examinations and tests. The Queen of Denmark is, after Queen Victoria, the most remarkable of European Queens. Three of hqr children are either occupying thrones, or will do so in the near future. Though she is nearly 80, she still retains much of her youthful appear anco and vigour. She was married at the age of 23. All her six children are living, and every one of them has proved a credit to her. In Japan the gentler sex monopolise most of the attention of society; while their unfortunate brothers are left to struggle for themselves. This discritii nation begins early in life, for it is the Japanese custom to give baby girls the names of delicate and lovely plants or flowers, while boys are simply num bored, and are known as 'first boy,' ' second boy,' 'third boy,' and so on. 