Novelist. A MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. By SPECTRUM. CIIAI'TKR \ A fow moments thought convinced Dash oi one fact. Tho girl whoso dead body ho had found on tho bcach was really a coipju ; and again, ro markable as the fact was, ho was convinced that tho girl beforo him was no ghost, but a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features he had gazed upon under tiio moonlight upon the lonely hpnrh. He wos-ostoundod at the remarkablo resem blance, and satisfied that thero was soma my s-, sterioua connection botween tlio ghastly dead and tho marvellously lovely living, he deter* mined to solve tho mystery. While coming to this resolutiorf, he had been standing just within tho door' way, gazing at tho girl. ' . ; Tho latter appeared fo be in tho company of two gentlemen. Her companions wore remarkablo-looking men, evidently foreigners. Ono was tall and slender, while the other was short and thick-sot. Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing oyes, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing, at tho fair girl, when tho attcntiou of ono of tho men was di rected toward him, I Seeing that ho had attracted attention, Dash ! . turned upon hi$ heol and walkod slowly down ; tne long nail toward tno stairway. At tho head of tho stairs ho halted. IIo had observed that tho girl was robed in a travelling dress, and it struck him that possibly the party might bo just upon the evo of depar ture, and ho felt that it would not do to let * - *Jiein go without ascertaining something about them. \- * Whilo ho was still standing thero, and con sidering what courso ho should take to accom plish his puposo, he heard a step approaching along tho hall, and, upon turning, discovered that tlio newcomer was tho taller of tho two men whom ho had seen in company with tho firirl. As tho man passed Dash to ascond tho stair?, he fastened on tho latter a steady, enquiring glance. 'I reckon that fellow will know mo again Wfion ho sees me, ' was the muttered comment of tho young man, as ho started to descend the stairs. From tho fact that tho man had passed him, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on tho point of dopar ture, aud ho dotermiued to postpone his enqui ries until a .moro opportuno occasion. Our her o was an export billiard player,'- and, havintr nothiiip particular to do. stroll wl into tKnTiilfiufdrooin. ' Ho had been seated there' but a short timo, when tho stranger who had stared at him so ? impudently came into the room also. The latter took a scat directly opposite Dash, and again fastened his gazo upon tho youncr follow in a fixed and impudent man ricE* . . . Our readers aro all well awaro that it is not * very nice thing to bo impudontly stared at by a total stranger, aud Dash began to fool rather uncomfortable. For somo timo ho paid no atteniion to £he man, but directed his gazo carelessly about the room ; but every timo ho glanced toward the man sitting opposite, ho found tho latter's gaze fastened upon him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an noyed by this olfeusivo surveillance, and in re taliation ho faced tho man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. ' Thus for a fow seconds tho two men faced cacli othor, until it bocaino necossary rorone or tho other to speak. A Dash wjuj the ono who decided to venture 0 ipon this experiment, and ho said ? ' Aro wo acqxiaintod, sir?' 'No,' was tho laconic reply. ' ? 'Thon why do you gazo at mo in such a N ' manner?' v ' Beeauso I choose to 1' was tlio impertinent reply. . ' Well, I choaso that you should desist from Ipokijig at mo in such a fixed manner; it is offen8sivo,'said Ij)ash. ' 1 thought a fow moments ago, when I saw you trying to staro a lady or«t of countonanco, that you approved of such little pleasantries,' eaid the man. Dash instantly recollected that lio had stared .at tho man's companion, and being a frank, generous tellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu rally ho thought tliat an explanation was due, and ho said: - ' ' give a good reason for my seemingly impertinef.i oonduct, sir.' | ? 'I should like to hear it,' answered the man. 'Tho young lady whom I saw in your com prny boars a remarkable Tosomblanco to an other j-erson whom I met under peculiar cir iumstuuees.' Upon hearing this reply tho dark face of tho ?trailer bccamo livid. Kis iips woro bloodless, and a fierce* threat ening light gleamed in his oyes tea ho said, in a low, husky voicc : 'As you havo offered this explantion, will you plooso go still further, and explain under v.'lmt circumstances you met tho lady who you say resembles my niooo?' ' »« i dkl not say that it was a lady,' replied T* C' ')h, with provoking coolness. ' ' Ii yell, will you stato who it was ?' do not think' that I will, undor present tlrcumstancea.' I 'I may compel you to/1**3 tbo fiorco ro iolttdet t) Wh®n you do I may tell,' replied Dash. Do not provoke mo too far, young man : it tnny pmvo dangerous.' 'It I? ynui'JtiU who had bottor k« careful! You aro a strangor to me, and you have thrurt stoa°0'VerSati0n U1-CD m-J,'rot)lie-1 Da,l- King 0, »ir ,i were tlio aggressor i you in suited a lady under my chariro.' 'Thut ia false 1' 'Do you give rae tho lio ?' „„ scr™ you right if r wcro to give you tlio palm of my glove on your cheek,' said uash, angrily, „,'^T° ' yo' aro a lonfor ; you daro not strike a tfe^^tlclnal\\., This was tho first timo that such an opithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, ho advanced and raised his hand, intending to at least crush tho stranger's hut over his eyes, when tho latter suddenly Rprung from his seat, and rashing at tho younger man, struck a powerful blow at him. Dash was quick-eyed and an oxpert boxer, and throwing out his left arm ho warded off tho blow, and with tho right hand knocked tho other's hat off. His antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-bo assassin, say ing, in a firm voice : 'Stop ! you must not shoot.' Tlio man who had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our hero, proved to bo the short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of tho young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoko in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As ho turned tho weapon aside, and while stilMiolding the arm of his friond, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : ' What is tlio troublo ?' 'You must ask your friend,' returned our h«ro. u You must be careful, my friend will kill you s' 'I think not,' was the quiot reply ' But rie would have killed you had I not come.' ' Yo»; did not save my life but your friend's,' replied Dash, and as ho spoke he showed a pis tol in hia hand, adding: ' 13-/fore your friend conld have raised his arm, wr, no would have been the victim of this, i have dealt with assassins before, and I am always preparod for them.' ' My friend is not an assassin. Yon must havo insulted him grossly, or ho would not havo attempted to kill you.' This scono occurred in tho middle of tho day; there was no one in the room at tho moment tho actual outbreak occurred, and con sequently tho nbovo conversation passed with out heiug heard, except by those taking part in it. Tn answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : *' It was your friend that insulted me; and the best thing you can do is to take him away with you.' Whilo tho above conversation was transpir ing tho tall man had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glance that was menacing, and meant danger at funid*Tt!c.uT^*ti^o—. Tho stout mnn seemed to possess a wonder^ ?fill influence over him, and it was only at his friend's request that iio was induced to put Jip his weapon. A short conversation now took place between tho two men, in tho Spanish tongue. - Our hero vjas a fino Spanish scholar, and, un known to them, heard a'nd understood every, word that passed between thom. ?' What led to the troublo?' asked the thick set man of tho tall one. 'That man recognisod. Gertinel' was the reply. ' Recognised Gertine ? Impossible !' ' Yo3 ; but ho admitted that he did.' 'You have beon fooled, Alonzo.' ' No ; 1 tell you ho said that he had seen hor liefore.' 'Then he was making sport of you. It is impossible. that he. could havo seen her before, ami no one should know that fact better than you:' ' Ah, but you do not und«rat%ud ; he said that ho had soon somo onowh:. '?**** ihI «.o in.;ch like hor that ho could alui..it auiar 1-Mt it 'vm the fame person. Aud to theo ng-un, Oel Kuer, none should know better than thou that Inere was but ono persou who looked so much like our Gertine.' ? After a short' silence, tho stout man said : ' Aro you suro that you did not misunder stand the young mau V* 'I am sure.' ' Woll, Alonzo, remember that wp have a quieter way of getting rid of a foo than shoot-' iug him'down iu tho street.' ' ? ' I cannot bo goaded.' ' ' But you must not be rash ; you must apolo-. gise. Wo must mako a friend of him ; thon, if wo cannot use him, we can remove him without ? any noiso.' Dash congratulated himself on having been taught Iho Spanish language,' and at tho samo time came the thought that to bo forewarned 1 is to be forearmed. . : ' I will go— you are are coolor than I ; you make hin- you friend,' said .the tall man. Tho tall man moved away as though urged to do so by h\\- — u— ?* latter turned Tiasn and said : 1 ' ! 'You must forgivo my friend ;coino,let you and I be on good terms.' ? Dash thought that, under the circumstance^ ho was quite justified in dissembling, and took tho Spaniard's hand. Ho also had a game to play, and being on nis guard, he was willing to take long chaucea to win. . , CHAFTER VI. 'You will forgive my friend?' said tho Spaniaed. 'I . will forgivo him on condition that he apologises. ' He shall do so, but not to-day. He is too much excited. But come, you and I must bo friends. 1 liko your looks, and I feel that I can like you too.' ? ' I am willing to be friendly with anyone who is frtfcndly towards mo,' said Dash, in an easy, oif-hand manner. ' I wish to bo friendly toward you, and I am sorry that iny friend had. this troublo with yoii ; I beg that you will tell me how it came about.' ' Woll. I saw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a gentleman's privilogo in admiring her for a moment from a dis tance.' ' Yes, Gertine is beautiful— very beautiful ; but my friend says that you starod at hor.' 'It is possible that I did gazo at her vory intently for a moment, but I meant no offonce and I had an excuse for so doing.' ' Yes, yos, I know that you did ; but I pray you toll ino what it was that attracted you so ?' 'Hor resemblance to. another person.' ' Ah, yos ; that is a common mistalco. But tell mo, does alio resemble a lady friend ?' ' Siitco thinking tho matter over, sirvI havo como to tho conclusion that this young lady does not resemble any one whom I ever know,' said Dash, evasively. /'Then you made a mistake?' Tho man Del Fuer fixed a penetrating glance upon Dash when ho asked this last question, and Dash looked exceedingly innocent and in different as he replied : ' Yes ; Vve will say that I made a mistake.' I think that such is the coso, for my child has been in Australia but a few days.' Somo further conversation of a similar char acter to that above describod followed between Dash and the man Del Fuer. A ftor an interval Dash found an opportunity to make the acquaintance of tho clerk of tho hotel, when ho sought to find out somothiug concerning tho mysterious strangers. Tho clerk could furnish him but little satia faction. ... Ho Mud that tho guests had arrived only that morning, and that ho. had seen but little of them. ' From whence did thoy come?' he asked. *? From Sydney,' was the reply. How did they renter ?' i 'A* Pedro Del. Fuer, and A. Gomez and nieeo.' ' That ia strango,' said Dash. ' What is strange ?' enquired, the clork. 'Why, that tho stout man, whoso namo ii Del Fuer, should suy that thu girl ii hi* daugh ter.' 'Sho may bo, for all I know ; but sho waa not registered as his daughter.' Dash, after a littlo adroit dodging to avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of tho apartment occupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining thoirs. Ho resolved to fathom tho myatrry to the bottom. Of ono thing ho was certain. Tho two Spaniards woro villains and assas [ins, and certain indications led him to bcliovo that tho death of tho murdored girl coald bo traced directly to them. This fact was plain to him, but tho mystori ous secret was, what commotion had that lovely counterpart of the dead with the crimes of the two men. Was sho linked witli thom, or was sho also a victim whom they wero waiting an opportunity to assassinato. And again, from whenco camo this marvellous rosomblanco. Thoso woro tho thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon tho night following tho fracas in tho billiard saloon, as ho retired for tho night to his room, adjoining tho ono occu pied by tho two men whom ho had already mentnlly pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought tho girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and ho re solved to keep upon tho track of tho parties, learn tho truth, and rescue tho girl at all haz ards, if his conclusions should in the end provo corroct. Dash had been some timo in his room, and was sitting upon tho sido of his bed musing upon tho facts above Htatcd, whon he was startled by hearing voices in the adjoining room. ' Ho was on tho point of making a noise, oo as to notify tho parties in tho next room that thoy might bo overheard, whon lio was startled by hearing a smothered scream or cry for help. All scruples at once vanised. Ho had previously observed a holo in tho partition whoro a stove-pipo had onco passed through, and leaping upon a chair, he put his faco to the aperture and glanccd into tho room from whence tho smothered cry for help had come. Tho gas waa turned on at full blaze, and our hero was once moro surprised and as tounded by a startling discovery. Upon her knees upon tho floor, with her hands clasped and raised in a beseeching man ner, was tho girl Gertine ; whilo over hor, with gleaming eyes, and a faco convulsed with an gor, atood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but ono of tho most glorious beauties that the dazzled eyes of Dash had over gazed upon. At length tho latter spoko, and hor words wero in tho Spanish tongue : but, fortunately, as our readers will remember, our hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, aud had no.difficulty in understanding every word that waa spoken. ' So yon will still daro to rebel against my authority ! fcaid the elder woman . from be twoen her clenched Teeth. \- -'i-Jip, no ! I will not rebel against you, Isa bel. Buf HiyTTr*^' bn ';liodicnt to those dreadful men ?' was, tho trembling response# 'You forgot that Don Alonzo ia my rela tion.' ' But he is n stranger to me.' 'No, he is not; hi* often fondled you when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. Vou used to be fond of him once.' '1 hate him now !' waa the abrupt exclam ation. ' Hist 1 be careful I Do not daro to say that Again, or I will make you sorry 1' ' You are cruel, and you will teach me to hato yon.' ' Gertine, you will regret every word you aro now uttering.' 14 1 will regret my last worda now if you will only take me to some placo whero I will never ace that man again.' 41 Once again I warn you, Gertine.' ' If you do not heed my prayer I will flee away alone.' ? ?? What is that you say, child ?' 'I say, that if you do not take me to 'somo plnce whero I will nevor see that man again, I will fly away and find ono myself.' ' Ah ! Well, I am glad that you told me. And now, listen to rae— if you over attempt to escape from my care 'and kindneas, I will find you.' 'Oh, Isaboll you never spoke to mo nor treated tne in this cruel manner until that man crossed our path,' murmured Gertine. ' I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-night, Gortiuo, but I elmll lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or mako the faiutest attempt to escape I will do what I threatened. Now mind !' Ah tho woman uttered tho last words, she gavo Gertino a push that knocked her over J upon tho floor, and then tho elderly woman left | the room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as tho younger girl had called hor, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in tho lock, securing the door from the outsido. Full half an hour passed,- during which Ger tine remained sobbing upon tho floor, whilo Dash retained his position at the aperture watching her. At length the girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyoa werostill filled with tears, but a resolute expression rostod upon hor features, as she exclaimed in excellont Eng lish: ' I will fly from this bondage, oven if I have to leap out of tho window, Sho crossed the room and tried tho door. It was locked. 'lama prisoner! Would that I had the strength to wrcnch that lock off. Onco away from the3o people and I would takosuch prccau tions that they should never find me again,' she murmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping down noiselessly from his porch, ho securcd the key from his own door, and ro mounted to his position. As ho glanccd a third time into the room a bight mot his gazo that caused hia h.eart to cease pulsating, and tho blood to curdle through his veins with icy coldness. Ho sought to utter an exclamation of warn ing, but his powers of speech woro suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged in his heart, when once again, though unable to speak, a happy idea fetruck him, and ho mado ono lost effort to sav? a human life. CHAPTER VII. The sight which met the gazo of our hero was ono well-calculated to freeze the blood in the veins of ono moro accustomed to sceues of horror than ho was. Before a mirror in tho room, located directly opposite the spot from whonce ho was gazing, stood the young girl. Hor eyes were dilated with some fearful reso lution, and her features, wero set and fixed like those of the dead, whilo an ashen hue added to their death-like appearance. In her hand waa grasped a naked stiletto, whoso iong, slender blade glittered in the gas light liko polished silver. Tho expression of her faco nnd her %s£i&ide; left no doubt as to her terrible purpost. Her hand was uplifted, tho dagger waa tmly poised, and its point was aimed directly nt her heart. This was the sight that curdled tho blood around Daah Kingston's heart, and caused his* tonguo to cleave helpless to tho roof of his mouth. A fow seconds only passed : a few more and it would be too lato to utter a warning cry, and lie waa strickon speechless with horror. It was at this mornoht that a lucky thought struck him. He could not use his tongue, but his arm waa subject to his will. In hia hand ho hold tho key of his room. tt was a fortunate fact* and a still more for tunate inspiration that enmed him to th r.w it through tho pipe-holn into tho adjoining room. With a sharp click it shuck against a porco lain pitcher, and slid off upon tho floor with a second «ound. The girl hoard tho fall, and with a 1ot7, sinothored cry aho lowered tho murderoua blade, and turning about, fixed her gazo upen tho littlo tarnished piece of brans. 'It ia a key 1 Heaven must havo sent it for my deliverance ]' oho exclaimed, with gladness. Gertino proved heraelf instantly to ba n young lady of norvo and coolncsn. It wa.s evident that desperation had Jed her to seek to tako her own lifo ; but now tliat n chance for e.»capo by other means presented it Pelf, a new hopo appeared to find lodgment in her heait. Stealthily sho crossed tho room on tiptoe, and inserted tho'key in tho lock. Tt fitted, and tho bolt yielding to tho pres sure, a way of e^capo was open. Satisfied that sho could open tho door, tho girl returned and commenced deliberately to puck a small valiso. While Dash watched tho process of packing, | ho boheld a sight that onco again astonished i ond surprised him. Besides quantities of raro and valuablo jowels, the girl placed a largo roll of monoy in tho valiso, after having transferred soveral notea to her portmonnaie, ovidontly for immediato necessities. At length hor preparations seemed oatiafac tory and completo. Then, as a final matter, sho dropped upon hor kncoa beside her valiso, and appeared to indulge a few momenta in silent supplication. Having concludod hor short dovotions, sho roso to hor foot, seized her valiso, and on tip too movod to tho door, opoued it, and passed .Cut. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a groat hurry, and had not burdened himself with any superfluous baggago. Ho waa in marching ordor, and tho moment tho girl left her room ho atso leaped down from his place of observation, seized his satehcl, and with a' noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo ! tho truth flashed upon his mind that hn waa locked in. He now remembered that ho had locked hi3 room door upon first cntoring it, and when ho had soized hia koy to assist his beautiful neigh bour ho had not atopp'ed to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer habitually, but a naughty word did fall from his lips when tho conviction settled upon hia mmgJfcteMjjjbo waa really a prisoner. 'Hang my pig-headodnesa 1 thia is a prett7 state of affairs. Hero I havo released ono per son only to imprison mysolf,' he cxclaimed. Dash, howovor, was not a person to bo easily discouraged. Ho was full of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long-bladed knife, and inserting tho steel iii the koy-holo quickly, had the satisfaction of hearing tho bblt fly back. . How little do we poor mortals know how often some trifling annoyanco portends some direful- calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by tho littlo accident that had made him a moment ary prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he would have been a prisoner in a more serious ; manner. At the very moment that he was fumbling to got out, a man passed his door, and movfcd -ffiyly uldh# t0 another room, search ing for the very room occupiecrtiyTOsfert^*!^ moinont. A misunderstanding of the information given him by tho' clerk of tho hotel had sent him to the wrong room. Had ho mot Dash in tho hall he would have recognisod him, but at the moment Dash passed out the man was at tho other end of tho hall, and ivhen ho did return to the single room its occupant was gone* Tho mysterious man waa a Sydney detective, and he bore with him a warrant for tho arrest of a murderer. . [TO BE CONTINUED, j 