CHAPTER XVr.—This New X4a.ul Re turns. On his return to London tha new Earl of Rodfriars drove to the rooms recently oc cupied by hia brother. No unpleasant thoughts of the tragedy which had occurred there hindered him from taking possession. Weary of hotel lifo ho contemplated settling down horo in poaco. Ho had neithor apart ments nor habitation of his own, and ho was awaro that his brother’s flat, whioh was leased for tho noxt two years, was comfort able. On his arrival ho was mot by his brother's servant, Why man, a tall, gravo man of more than middle ago, with a well-sot, upright figure, dark, clean* Bhaven faco and steady brown eyes expressing force, reflection and reBervo. By arrangomont with fllyles New bury he had romainod as caretaker of his lato mayter’B rooms until the oomiug of the now earl, who had tho option of retaining hie services. A tologram having prepared him ior tho return of Lord Redfriars, Wbyman had sot all things in order; tiros blazed in dining, sitting and bod rooms, the dinner table was laid, and that meal already ordered from a neighboring restaurant. Rodfraira boing sensitive to surroundings was pleased by theao attentions. Tho look of warmth, tho air of snugness, tho appearauco of solid comfort wore most agroeablo to him after tho obill stateliness, dreary splendor and draughty spaciousness of foreign npartraonts. ** Dinner ready, Why man?’* Rodfriars said, looking round with satisfaction. 11 It will bo servod immediately, my lord,” tho man answored, and then noiselessly dis appeared. By tho time tho oarl had changed his clothes the soup was on tho table, and then followed a meal snob os was Bure to commend itself to a traveller, light, dainty and ap petising. Tho wines were woll soleoted and tho cigars whioh Whyman produced wore of excellent brand. The now peer thoroughly enjoyed himself and stretched his lege under tho table with an air of satisfaction, as he ro fleotod that his brother had dono a wise thing in romoving himself from tho path of ono who could hotter fill his place. Physically they had boon as muah aliko as twins; thoir height, build, com plexion and gait boing so similar that ono was continually mistakonfor the other, much to tho eldor man's displeasure. But horo all resemblanco between them ended; for mentally and morally thoy were as diverse as tho polos. Thoro was little to recommend and much to oondomn in tho oharaotor of tho firesont peer. Sceptical in all things he had ittlo bolfof in tho virtuo or honor of man or woman. Selfishness being tho dominant note in his nature ho had never hesitated to inflict on others tho pain or misery which ho shrank from enduring himBolf. Bookless in his ex travagance ho had plunged deeply into dobfc, careless of to-morrow and its consequences eo long as he re apod enjoyment to-day. Tho lato Lord Bedfriurs had been gravo and thoughtful from his youth; given to study, interested in soienoe, philanthropic. No soandal had ever been associated with his namo; ho had injured no man; wronged no woman. Soon after his thirtieth year ho had succeeded his spendthrift father, and recognising tho re sponsibility of his position and tho em barrassed state of his affairs ho had striven hard by retrenchment and caro to lift tho ho&vy; load of dobc from his ancestral acres. His natural lovo of retirement, his in difference to luxury, his hatred of display, rendered this task more oasy of accomplish ment to him than to un. individual of a different disposition; yot for ono man to undo what generations had dono, was a diffioult task. Thoro was hope, however, of eventual auoooes, and it could not havo been either depression or despair on this ground that had driven him to the terrible act by whioh he had ended hiB life. Tho deed was so out of keeping with his character, so wholly unlike what might have been expected of him, that at times doubts had risen In his brother’s mind ao to whether the murder was aolf-inflicted or not. But on this point neither tho dootors nor tho jury had hoaitated; tho manner in whioh the pistol wound had been inflioted clearly pointed to subside; there was no motive for murder perceptible, nono could be supposed or imagined, nor could the act havo been committed without tho knowledge of Why man, a faithful and devoted servant. Was thoro mystery hero Why had tho lato lord, at a moment when ho had the proflpect of a happy marriage with tho girl he loved, and when his economy and manage ment were bearing fruit on tho estates—why had ho taken his lifo? Was there oomo apeotre of the rasfc whioh he dreaded P Surely not, for his lifo had been blameless. Was thera aught in his future ho feared so much aB to make him fleo from its oomingp Such thoughts and questions continually presented themselves before his suruessor’s mind ; not that the latter cared inuoH, whether remorse or terror or suffering hwl bef-ct hia brothor and driven him ton dogjcrate end, but that eomo vaguo idea contiuaally haunted him, that whatovor it wag tha^ had cast its shadow on tho doad man’s path and exercised so \ terriblo an effect, might some day all unex pectedly oross his own. liven as ho lav back in his chair enjoying hia after dinner cigar and dwelling on hia promising future, uuoh thoughts beset him, and to oaoapo from thorn ho roso and ontorod tho Bitting-room. Tho flat was situutodon tho first floor of ono of those grey, solidly* built houses orectodtwo hundred years ago iu Hanovor-squaro. Tho apartment boasted that spaciousness and loftiness unknown to modern mansions; aoilinga and cornices woro olaboratoly ornamented; the walls covorod with oak panelling, fortuuately preserved from tho desecration of the paint brush, the | windows high, narrow and deeply recessod. An atmosphero pervaded thorn suoh as bo* came their ago and associations. Histories thoy auroly had of paramount interest to fchoso who figured in thorn, but all forgotten now. Generations had entered and quitted lifo within thoir precincts ; tho walls had heard strange tales, hadeoboed with laughter and song, with wailing and with sighs ; tho windows, like great staring oyos, lmd gazod on many a changing scone. Ghosts may i havo, in tho dull watches of tho night, thronged tho wido passages, or glided through ! those hoavy doors with tbeir deep mountings of tarnished brass. The long and narrow sitting-room which Lord Kodfriars ontorod wag lighted by atan* , dard lamps outers of candles, nnd by a bright firo bi»;5 ng in the broad grate beneath a nobio chiromjv.pieao of white marble, time* stained ana delicately curved with wrentl'.B of flowers upheld by corpulent Capida, and Batyra etccnnlly leering at eoantily-olad nymphs. Abovo, in a massivo gilt frame, hung a portrait of tho olevonth carl, who had bo royally wasted hie substanoo in royateroua living; facing him on tho oppoaito sido of tho wall was his long-suffering wife. Curtains of faded brown velvet woro drawn across , u inflows and doors; well-shocked book shelves filled roccasoHmado by tho projecting flrcplaco ; an osoritoiro black with ago stood olo^o by, and boyoad woro cabineta rioh in old Italian carving, their lops supporting terra-cotta Btatuottcs and Belgian pottery, whoso deep blue color and quaint graceful shapos stood out against the sombre back ground of tho panolling. Notwithstanding tho yellow streaming from the lamps and candloa, and tho ruddy reflection from tho firo, tho apartment had something cloomy in its appearance that de pressed its occupant. He sat down in a great high* backed armed chair beside tho hearth, and smoked and thought. Littlo traflia passing through tho square, no sound disturbed tho silence of tho early night, save tho melancholy chiming of tho clock of St. George’s Church. Tho world might bo asleep or dead for all sign it gavo of lifo or waking. Though tho burning coals throw out great heat, Kedfriars was conscious of a chill; thero was something ioy in the atmosphere. Ho strovo to recall the eonso of satisfaction ho had recently felt, but deop depression crept over and envelojiod him as in a inist. What was its cause or its nature, ho could not stato; it was undefined, vague, irresistible. His mind promptly scouted all ideas of suoh subtle influences as aro Raid to be exercised upon tho living by tho dead. Ho believed that once a man quittod existence annihila tion onauod ; thero was no suoh thing as soul, spirit or consciousness, only a handful of clay, and nothing moro. Therefore, neither fear nop thought of an invisible and unknown world and thoso who dwelt therein aroso in his mind; this mood besetting him was due to physioal cauHoa—fatiguo, indigestion, an ovor-wrought brain. From roading the reports of the inquest held upon his brother ho was awaro that it was in this room the suioido had been com mitted. Perhaps during tho last hour of his life the dead man had sat in this high-back chair meditating oven as ho who now filled it meditated ; but what wag tho Bubjoct of his thoughts ? Redfriurs would have given muoh to know, for they would have afforded a clue to the motive of that dosporato deed. Unconsciously ho allowed the firo to got low, so that tho ruddy blazo was no longer reflected on tho timo-stainod oak of tho walls. Tho position of the lump caused his figure to oast a blurred, horrible shadow ou tho high ceiling. A feeling of languor gradually possessed him, and with it that strange fore boding of an undefined ill inoroasod. All at onco it Beamed as if a second person was in the room, hiding in the shelter of tho cabinet behind him, uud then drawing near with a stealthy and gliding stop, Intent on ovil purposes. Then tho thought of his brother, whom ho had novor loved oven in tho days of his boy hood, whom in manhood he envied and hated, oarno into his mind with torriblo force, so that for n socond ho almost believed thodoad was present, loaning over him and breathing icily upon his head. With an efFort he sprang to his feet. An old mirror framed in black obony hung above him, and as ho rose ho involuntarily glanced into it, when with a frozen heart ho drew back startled, dismayed and horrified. He had seenarefleotion of his own face, paler and graver than ubucI, and fancied ho behold tho features of tho dead. Quickly recovering, a reaotion sot in, and ho laughed at his weakness. Going over to a table on which Whyman had placed a do* oanter of brandy, he poured out a glass and drank it at a draught. Tho liquid warmod and oheored him, and he walked up and down tbo room by way of regaining bis composure, finally standing before the book shelves and taking down some volumes Iookod at them carelessly. They woro not such as he would read. Herodotus and Plato in tho original, .Montaigne's Essays, Wtildon’s Lifo of Moroauand the Vicar of Wakefield had no attraction for him. Mechanically ho wont to ono of the old cabinots and pulled out a drawer, when his oyes fell upon a pistol. He had no doubt ic was tho weapon with which his brothor had taken his lifo; it fasoinated him so that ho oould not remove his eyes from it, and with a trembling hand he took it from its resting place. Tho smoko of that laBt shot still tarnished the brightness of tho barrel; lower down was a stain where some blood olot or brain tissue may have lain. As he graspod tho revolver ho experienced a wild horror, confusion of mind and sickness of heart, such as tho doad man might have felt whon hia nervous clutch olosed upon the handle for tho laBt time ; and involuntarily Redfriars, having a Auger on tho trigger raised tho pistol Blowly to his forehead until the cold steol touched his loft temple. Then dropping it, he turned away terror-stricken at tho act, oold perspiration oozing from his Ho drank moro brandy, lit a cluster of candles on tbo chimney pieco and throw eomo coals upon the fire. Presently, ho looked at tho osoritoiro which Newbury had, with some other artiolos, sealed up, until the now earPa return, and standing bofore it he said, “I may find there traoos of the secret I want; somo scrap of paper, diary or letter may botrsy tho fear which drove him to death. To-morrow I will bogin my search. 