Joe Belton's Revenge. BY ALl'ItED s. BDHnAOB. — 4f His tamo was Joseph Belton, but- his mates on board the Middlestrund lightship called him Grim Joe. His grizzled beard and son-tanned race and handB told of a life in the opan air. Joe had saen foreign Eervioe in the navy. Ho had stood to his gun and never fiinehed aniid the hell o£ flame and shot wuich rained from the forte of im pregnable Sebastopol : be bad obaaed the slavey and brought the frowning, bellied Arab trader to hie knees ; ho had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurricanes in the mid-ocean, and had, eave the loss of ono finger on hiB right hand, oomc E03thless out of all. . I Iho loss of the finger incapacitated Joe I Eelton for active service, and he retired on ! his pension, and for Borne time lived at a fishing village on the E33ex coast. But Joe got tired of mooning about with few better companions than the " 'longshore men,'' who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in hia presence. It was only to the visitors that they let thoir imaginations run fauoy free, but took good caro never to dwell npon tbeir perilous adventures and hair breadth essapes when Joe Helton was within hearing, or when the etories were likely to be repeated to him. A vscsncy occurred on board the Middls- strand lighisnip, and Joe applied for it. Ho , was at once accepted, as ha had left tbo navy with a clean sheet and such a character as any Irenest man might bo truly proud of. Joe Bolton was a bachelor. He had loved, and loveu in vain, and, as he put it, " hauled in his heart's tackle, una stowed it away lor ever." Nobody knew much about the story, Eave that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart ; and nobody oared to question him on the subject, for Joo'e facs would grow dark find forbidding at the slightest word of chaff relating to his lonely lite. 'Look here, lads," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when iho wind roars at nigtit, they aie thinking and praying for you, though they know that a lightship is the safest cralt that floats. Be thankful you are not like me, who eares for nobody, and for whom no body cares. Heigbo 1 Now I'll go and havo a iurn at the rell ;ctora." On duty or off duty, whenever Joe Delion was upset, he would havo " a turn at the re flectors." " Elbow grease " seemed to be the only ealve to .his wounded heart, and he would keep on polishing until the reflectors were like burnished mirrors of eilver ; and, as it were, he rubbed away the gloom from his face, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasonB of silence and dejeoted- ness. Whenever he was "off his baeoy," and read from a treasured oopy of Milton's poems, his mates winked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had passed away. One night, after Joe had gone to his ham mock, Phil Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bad way indeed. \- "Bsad them lines he's marked with a pencil," he said. " Head 'em aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not much of a scbolard." Jim Bawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read : " Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight bom In Stygian cave forlorn, 'Mongst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and Bights unholy Bind out some uncouth eeli, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous wings And the night raven sings ; There, under ebon shades, and low-browed rocks As jagged as tby locks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." "1 don't understand much about it," Phil said, " but I daresay it's all right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks. Lor', what a bead that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure ! But I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'pose it wouldn't be right to hide tho book, would it, now ?" " I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay," Jim Dawling replied. ' My missus — and. bless ber heart, she's still my sweetheart — knows something about bow Joe was jilted. You see. Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over the fire on winter nights. Why, bless you, Jim, the etories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted the ooast when he was a young man, would make yonr hair curl like — like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying-pan." . Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood curdling yarns, when bi3 eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. "Look ! Look there !" he gaeped. Jim Dawling's face grew ashy palo as be turned elowly. There was some vague notion in his mind at that moment — and Jim had his full sbare of superstition, and perhaps a little over— that the ghost of his grandfather had oome to polish up hia memory; but in stead of a spectre he-saw Joe Bslton. His eyeB were fixed and staring, his arms banging looEely at his side, and bis movements, as if he were measuring every step carefully, pro- claimed mat ne was waiting in nis eleep. Suddenly he stopped, and, stooping down, felt about where he had left the copy of Mil ton's poems. Scarcely knowing what he did, Jim Dawling pushed the book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. 7oe Belton took up the the volume, and muttered : ' Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight born and then, with a dark expression of fane and iorious gesture, hurled the book from him ; t ' Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the cabin had been suddenly connected with a slow oven. Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, but simply sat and stared. He felt thst he was so roDted to the locker, that had a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, little short of steam power could have lifted him to his feet. Joe Beltcn crossed the floor, and stopping short sgainstthe wall, leaned bis arm heavily UDon it, and began to speak. "" Well, Nancy," he said. " you know beEt. I have tried to win your heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. You have allowed your esrs to be poisoned against me by Caleb Roze. He is my rival, end would Eay any thing against me. 1 swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rales the land and sea, that at the time Rozs says I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He ceased speaking, and raised his head as if waiting for a reply to his avowal. "You doubt me," he continued, in the voice of a strong man subduing bis passion. " I see it written 03 your face ; I read it in your eyes. And it isu't doubt, Nancy ; you want to find an excuse to get rid of me. You favor Cileb li'ze. M'liat! you say no? I aty yes. "Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plnngo into the sea with a shot at iny heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in rne." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then turned back agBin. "Tell Caleb Eozs to give me a wide berth," he said. " I've always thought it was my nature to forget and forgive, but I'll never forget or forgive the man whose lying tcnguo has blighted my life and turned my heart to gall. Tell him so— tell liitn to keep beyond therencb of my arm ; and good-bye. Nancy — for tbo last time good-bye." Tho samuambulist crossed tbc oabin, and, passing out, went calmly back to bis ham mock, as if ho was weary, and his watch be low had just begun. For soino moments Phil Oxley and Jim Dawling did not Epenk, but at length Phi' broke the silcnoe. " What — what d'ye think o that?' ire asked, scarcely above his breath. " It's tho awfuHcet tbicg I ever saw. Lor', I've got the pins and needles ali over mo 1" " I think," dim Dawliug replied, " that the beat tiling Grim Joe can do is to go ashore and sec a doctor as quick as possible." " But the relief boat won't bo here for mor'n a week, and you -know tho penalties for any man quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joo ho w he's been carry ing on ?" . Jim Dawling turned the question over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. " What good would it do f" bo argued. " It would only frighten- him and make him the more miserablo to think that be had been walking and talking in hia sleep.- We'd better keep a close watch over him, and mention the matter to the officer. JIo knows Grim joe s waye, and will find some excuse to get him ashore." It was n dark, wild March night. The wind was bloxving hard, and tho sea ran high. Every now and then tho lightning glared uoon tbo storm-tossed ocean and the distant desolate ooast, and the thunder roared as if tearing tho mighty piic3 of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet discus sing Grim Joe's bout of sleep-walking, nnd promising to divulge it to 110 other man on board, tua hoarse roar of tho foghorn rent the air. As fa3t as their feet could carry them, Oxley and Bawling rushed on deck, and they were quiakiy followed by Joo Belton, who, having slipped his legs into his slacks, com- nleted the rest of bi3 toilet, sailor-like, as ho went to where duty called him. " There was a Hare shown out south'ard," said the man who had sounded the alarm ; "and onco I thought I saw a vessel, but at first I thought tho lightning had deceived cie. Look 1 look 1 There she is." " She's running on to tho sands," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, " and Heaven help her snd all on board it she doena't sheer off. Keep the horn going. Han out the gun, and give her a louder warning. What does the captain mean by running into the jaws of death like this ? He must be either drunk or mad ." Crash I went the report of the gun. It was answered by another, and a red flare, which told its own story only two well. " She's lost her helm," Jim Dawling said. " See how she rolls and flounders. May the Lord send the wind about 1 Ah, she strikes 1 she strikes 1 Poor eouIs, they are lost, every one I" The guns were now being answered by an other lightship, some fivo miles distant, and at the nearest lifeboat station men were making haste to help the Bhipwrecked mori- nerB. Lights flashed, guns boomed, the fog horn ecreeohed, and men shouted— alas, all in vain i The hapless vessel, driven on the sands, was doomed to destruction. A 3 its keel struck upon tho treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, as if in mockery, the wind howled louder, and its furious gusts drove the waves mountain-high. Sheets of foam and surf flew over the lightship, blinding the men, who clang, scarcely breathing, to the rigging. " The lifeboat will never reach her," some body shouted. " Listen." Amid the uproar cume the crashing of timber, and then such a cry of despair as made the stoutest heart sink and quake. " She's settling down," Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in the storm. " But Bee ! one poor fellow has trusted himself to a spar, and is drifting away frcm tho ship. He might as well place faith iu_ a straw. Heaven help us, we can do nothing. Our boats would crack like nutshells in such a sea. . , At that moment tho eky became aolaze with a terrific flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly seen as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive action of his hands, as ho tried to pull him self higher and higher into the tangled oord- age, was visible. Lads," said Joo Belton, pulling his south- wester tightly over his head, ' I am going after that man, but- 1 dou't ask any one else here to run the risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured, I want him to see me before he go's under. I want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." . " You are mad," Phil Oxley cried. ' Joe 1 Joe 1 you are not yourself ; you are dream ing. Can't you see that you will be com mitting suicide? All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a life-buoy to the poor wretch if ho happens to pass this way." " Stand back, yots, Phil Oxley, and you all," Joe Belton yelled, snatohing up an axe, as the men advanoed towards him. " Sane or mad, I will have my way, and I am going. Stand baok, I say ; tbo man who thinns of trying to stop me had better say biB prayers." "Good-bye, then, Joe," aaid Jim Dawling. " We're not afraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless actB. Look at the BeB, listen to the wind, and tell me if anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minutes." " I don't expect to come back," Joe Belton retorted. " I only want him to catch sight of me, and i snail oeoaumsu. As ne spoke ho out away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Bslton and been drawn under the light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shout as they saw the deteiminiued mau pulling with ail hia might. And then they lost sight of him in tbo trough of the mighty waves chasing each other in mad haste. " He's a dead man." Pail Oxley wailed " But what could we do ? He'd have kept his word, and killed the first man who at tempted to step him. And now he's gone for ever 1 Poor Joel" But no ; the man bent on bo strange an errand appeared to have a charmed fife. The boat redo the waves like a Bwao, and nearer and nearer it drew to tho spar with its wretched burden of humanity, hoping against hope, and crying in heartrending ac cents for help when it seemed nc earthly help could come, When within a few yarda of the drowning man, Joe Belton turned the bladea of the oira'n&tto; the water and leaned over the gunwale. " Caleb ltoze," he Bhouted, in a voice that rose above the wind and the turbulent ocean, " You know me. Look at me. I am Joe Belton, the man whose heart you killed — the man whose better nature you slew with your lving tongue. I have come here to see you die. Do your hear? I havo come to see you die." R:ze waa a powerful, musoular man, but bis strength wsb nearly spent. He heard Joe Belton's terrible words, and a cry of anguish burst from hiB lips; yet -in that agouy of despair be made one more effort, deserted the spar, and clutched frantically at the boat. " Take yonr hands away, or I will beat them off 1" Joe Bslton yelled. " Do you re member the lie you uttered? Yon toldNanoy that 1 was only fooling with her, and that you had Ecen me in the oompany of my real sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with you I Down, down, and drown like a dog 1" " Joe I Joe 1" shrieked the frautic man, " if you beat me off it will be murder. If you have no pity on me, think of my wife and children. Think how they will miss me, the breadwinner. Think how they lovi 1 me, and how 1 love thorn. Oh, it ia hard t dio like this, almost-) sight of home, 1. God takes my life, Ha gavo it ; but you an only a man, and not my judge, llato me as you will, Joe, but give me a chance, and earn the thanks aud prayers of innocent children who havo done you no harm — little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed." Tbe very storm eeorned to hash its voico that tho worde of this appeal might be heard, and tho man who bad risked bis life to sec his enemy die before his eyos became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant ho pulled Caleb Reze into tbe boat.just as a shout from tho men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifeboat was coming. Ho swooned, and tbe boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and tbe last flash of lightning — for the storm clouds were now rolling away — showed it indistinctly plung ing shorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but hidden from view was another man, who lay in animate, helpless, and a mere mass oi huddled clothing. # « There was a rush to tho Sailors' Home at Shcllsca, for the lifoboatmen had done their duty nobly, and ont of all the crew of the vessel, now a wreck on tbo Middlestrand sauds, only one man was missing — Caleb Haze. Tho story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It was told and retold, with many alterations and additions,. and everybody was making up his and h6r mind that Joe bad first had hiB revenge, and thrown himself into tho ooean afterwards, when, cool as a cucumber, Joe Belton himself marched into the Sailors' Home, " I want to see the chaplain," he said. " I have something particular to Bay to him, If any of you want a job, you aau take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to tbe lightship from Hove." The chaplain lost no time in interviewing bis unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Caleb R:z9 was not only safe, but by that time being attended to by his own wife at home. " I nouldn't face her," Joe Belton eaid, " so I sent him on by some fishermen. When I think, sir, how narrowly I escaped having the blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will sit down a moment, if yon please, sir." " Belton," replied tbe chaplain, " you played two parts, bnt the better ono pre vailed. Bury the past, and remember that we mo: tela are ever weak. Toerrishuman; to forgive divine." : There are peoplo down Hove way who will point yon out an old man wandering on tho beaob, with little abildren hovering round him, and tell you that t he father of the youngsters is at sea, and that he who watohc3 thorn with so much tenderness lives in a cottage on the'cliff, but comes down every day for a walk with the little ones. And his name is Joe Belton, who looks upon his not of revenge as the best one be ever performed ia his life. 