SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. Mr. Lrne will at the next ekction stand for The Hume electorate. Another railway disaster in Ame^ca, 15 people killed through the collapse oi a bridge. Ripe quoits is now recognised as a regular institution in Victoria. Tom Mann, the English Labor member, will shortly be admitted as a deacon in the Cnurch of England. Coal is being imported to Ejgland from America. This is not owing to the scarcity of coal but to labor strikes. The Svdney Municipal Council proposes to borrow £300 000. Dr. Ross suggests that eome steps nhonld be taken to limit the proclamation of public holidays. Under a proclamation just issued, the old electorates, as such, no longer exist. The new electorates are created, but it will take three months to provide the new machinery. If therefore Parliament were dissolved just now, no one knows exactly what would happen. Tbe normal condition of affairs will not be restored until January next. Mr. G. H. Raid strongly opposes the Government sinking fund proposals. Such a course, to be of any benefit to the colony, ought, he contends, to apply to future loans only. The New South Wales loan has proved a great success. Late advices from Coolgardie state that there is every probability of suffisient water being found by sinking. The water is likely to be brackish at first, but is sure to improve as sinking is continued. The s.8. Bundarra left Hobson's Bay on Sunday with horses for India. Amjngst the others were the racehorses Valentia, Lot hair, and 3horfly. Simples of Victorian butter and brandy were also sent to test the Indian market. British residents of Rio Janeiro have been warned by the Consul to leave the city. Mr. L zirus has been returned for Bendigo by a majority of 109. Tbe Hamilton Tribune, after a struggle of some years, has had to give up the ghost. The plant and goodwill have been purchased by the Hamilton Spectator. Madame Lucy Chambers, after 20 years' retirement, is to sing at a concert on 18th inet. She was at one time the principal contralto in the Patti Opera Company. Walter Bentley, the celebrated tragedian, visits Albury shortly. Young man named Crook drowned last Sunday at Wodonga. The Sydney poIiceraidedaChinese gambling d' n on Monday. Twelve men were arrested, and the banker and croupier were fined £20 each. Another attempt is being made to raise the Cape DJ Verde, sunk eome years ago in Hobson's Bty. The Governor visits Broken Hill with Lotd Kmtore on 31st Ojtoher. More mutiny in India. Eleven of the mutineers were blown from guns. Mr. A. Snowden has been re- elected Mayor of Melbourne. A report from Adelaide states that 13 boys are m the hospital from the effects of cigarette amoking. n A house at Forbes, occupied by Mr. D. Mylecharane, was burned down on Saturday. Charles Briggs has been committed for trial on a charge of attempting to wreck a train at Hobart. The billiard match between Roberta and Ives on Saturday was won by Roberts u ^he game .was 10,000 up, and Rjberte won by 1500 points. A burglar attempted to break into a store at Kangaroo Inland, and was shot by the owner. The man was badly wounded, but is likely to recover. * Mr. James Hayes will contest the seat for Jerilderie at the next election. Heavy storms reported all over the colony on Sunday. * Tue annual railway picnic at Junee took place on Monday. It was attended by 3000 people, and proved highly successful. The new electoral rolle must be in the hands of the chief electoral c fficer by 13th November A monument has been erected at Molokai to Father Damien, by Jud ge FoS! ^ ™ ^ Preparations A U r y for a great fight bstween tribes ot blacks in the Richmond River district. The police have been instructed to prevent the encounter. r M r" J- -M'Eacbern, of Albury, obtained a L a t' Chicago exhibition for horse shoes. The Canadian h e Minister for Trade is now in Sydney. Hfi is much p'eased with what he has seen of the metropolis. He admitted that people in Canada know nothing about Australia. Much interest is taken in New Zjaland as to the result of woman suffrage St*ps will be taken to ascertain how the women will vo'e. Ff J P P° * at the next election the i a ur s separately ^ ° * taken m8Q W m e t t U 1 Ai^ Fp^d i°Vo°ci^ * Protest against s winner of e , d trotting t h i B y e a race r npbpld and the event to be ran over again oq t h e 85th inet, p 