GREAT POISONING CASES. By Justice Straight. I suppose it must have been long training and old associations that took me to the Old Bailey to witness the final scene in the trial of Thomas Neill for the murder of Matilda Clove by poisoning, of the evidence in which, having leisure on my hands, I had carefully read the preceding newspaper reports. As I sat once again amid the familiar surroundings a flood of recollections came over me of the many sombre dramas of which I had been a spec- tator in that central hall of justice. How often, memory refuses to recall, have I seen the stalwart warder from behind touch the capitally-condemned criminal on the shoulder, as the LAST WORDS OF THE DEATH SENTENCE have fallen from the judge's lips, and bid him turn to descend the steps communicating with a passage to Newgate, and so to the cell, where till the hour of his doom he shall never more know solitude. I can hear as if it were but a few hours since the hysterical shrieks of the affianced wife of a fine young fellow named Brooks, who was sentenced to death by Lord Penzance, then Mr Baron Wilde, for the murder of a police-constable at Acton, and can see the learned judge's face wrung with pain and emotion as he discharged HIS TERRIBLE DUTY. What a strange, changing procession of faces passes before me as I look first at the bench, then to the bar seats, then to the dock, and the scenes I have witnessed in this grim theatre return to me. How little, if at all, its internal arrangements have been altered since May, 1856, when as a boy I was present at most of the trial of William Palmer for The RUGELEY POISONINGS. How well I remember the florid, portly form of the prisoner, the keen, searching eye with which he watched the witnesses and counsel, the cool, calm way in which he wrote slips for the instruction of his solicitor and counsel, the interest and attention with which he watched Lord Campbell's summing up. Young though I was, Sir Alexander Cock- burn's reply for the prosecution, by virtue of his office as Attorney-General, made a deep impression on me, and well might the convict say of his prosecuting counsel it was " the riding that did it." It was the case of Palmer, if my memory serves me aright, that first brought strychnia into prominence as a poisoning agent, and there was consequently a good deal of con- troversy and contradiction in the scientific evidence produced at the trial. That Palmer himself, as a medical practitioner, was well acquainted with its properties and action, could not be disputed, and there was little doubt that he hoped and expected that the symptoms which showed themselves in his victims would be set down to tetanus. But the facts and the prepon- derance of scientific opinion were too strong for him, and he rightly expiated his crime on the scaffold. Some six years later I saw standing in the same dock Catherine Wilson, who was charged with the murder by POISONING OF A MRS SOAMES, an old lady upon whom, if I correctly re- member, she was attending as nurse. She had escaped detection for some years, Mrs Soames' death having taken place in 1856, but fortunately for justice facts transpired which led to the exhumation of the deceased lady's body and the discovery of poison, the admini- stration of which was clearly traced to the hands of the prisoner. Catherine Wilson's appearance was most forbidding and repulsive, and the details of how she sat by her victim's bed coolly watching her handiwork taking effect conjured up a picture of A GHOST WAITING FOR ITS PREY. Later in the same year Mrs Vyse, who kept a bonnet shop on Ludgate Hill, was tried for the murder of her two children by poison, in the shape of some rat or vermin killer, but the poor creature was most properly acquitted on the ground of insanity. The next poisoning trial I remember was that of Christina Edmunds in January, 1872, and in that I was, with Sergeant Ballantine, counsel for the prosecution. It was a most extraordinary case, the evidence going to show that the accused, who was by birth and education a lady, had first of all purchased CHOLOCATE CREAMS from a well-known sweet-shop in Brighton, and had subsequently on some pretence or excuse returned them, or others, to the con- fectioner with poison in them. There being no suspicion aroused as to their condition they were put back into the drawer or case from which they had been taken, and were subsequently sold in the ordinary way of business, with the result that one young child who partook of them died, and two or three other persons who did the same were in peril of losing their lives. The evidence against the prisoner as to her criminal deal- ing with the chocolate creams was clear and convincing, but it was almost, if not quite, impossible to trace her conduct to any motive. As to the deceased child and the other persons injured, they were not known to her, and it was only in a shadowy way that the prisoner's rela- tions with a doctor at Brighton were brought into the case to indicate that she had ulterior designs on the life of that gentleman's wife. It was a tiresome, anxious case, and though her conviction on the evidence was right, I was not sorry when she was subsequently reprieved on the ground that she was insane. It was at the trial of Christina Edmunds that I last saw a JURY OF MATrONS empanelled to try whether the convict was " quick with, child," as when called upon for judgment she alleged herself to be. Being a cause celebre, a considerable number of ladies had come down to hear the trial, and as the case was one in which some of the details were at least a little risques, they would have shown better taste had they stayed away. However, there they were, and the sheriffs and officers of the court laid an embargo upon them as they sought to leave, and much to the horror of the twelve of them selected required them to perform the duty which the circumstances of the case had rendered neccssary. They found against the convict's assertion, and results showed they were right. While the jury of matrons were absent from the court engaged on their inquiry an incident occurred which, despite the solemn nature of the proceedings, was exceedingly comic. The doctor who was assisting them sent a message to say he wanted a stethe- scope, and instructions were given to one of the court officials to see that it was at once obtained. After a considerable interval the messenger returned BEARING A TELESCOPE, which he said was what he understood he had been ordered to bring. I think that under the circumstances a hearty laugh was not unnatural, and, as the prisoner was not in the dock, may be pardoned. It was with the recollections of these things running in my memory that I sat and listened to the familiar tones of Mr Justice Hawkins's voice as he summed up the case of Neill. It was as clear and impressive as his charges usually are, and could leave no doubt as to what his view of the case was—though by that I do not mean that he in any way intruded upon the province of the jury. The verdict that followed, after a brief deliberation, was the only one that could properly be found upon the evidence, and the jury would have FAILED IN THEIR DUTY had they come to any other conclusion than they did. The story of the crime, or, rather, crimes, of Thomas Neill, now that the mystery which was supposed to surround them has been brushed away by a careful and exhaustive investigation in a court of justice, presents no features that appeal to the imagination, but only to the morbid interest of those who seek subjects for their studies in mental physiology. Neill was a A COARSE, CRUEL, BLUNDERING CRIMINAL, and had he been tried on the evidence connected with the ease of Matilda Clover alone, and without advertence to the deaths of the three other unfortunate women and the attempt on Loo Harvey, he must have been convicted. The statements of the girls Masters and May as to what they saw on the 9th of October, which, in respect of identification and all other particulars, bear the stamp of truth ; the prisoner's knowledge of Clover's death in Octo- ber, and his conversation with the girl at his lodgings about it ; his purchase of capsules ; his conversation with M'Culloch as to his possession of poison, and what he had been using it for ; his visit with Haynes to 27 Lambeth road, and the clinch- ing, conclusive fact that when the letter of 28th November was written to Broadbent on one but the poisoner knew that Matilda Clover had died from strychnia poisoning, and that such letter was in Neill's writing, are explicable upon no other view than that Neill was the criminal. Whether the more or less scientific but cheries of that unknown assassin, " Jack the Ripper," excited his toxological tastes, and led him to an extensive system of experi- ments in a different, but none the less deadly fashion upon those hapless creatures who, in this big city, float along the sad stream of " unfortunates" to that rest which is so often found in a pauper's grave, none but the condemned convict now in Newgate can tell. Whether an instinct for murder alone, or that as a primary cause and blackmailing as a subsequent possibility, were at work in his evil mind, perhaps will never be known. —" Pall Mall Gazette." 