list Once a,. Tear. [By H. H.] " Lo now h?-3 come cur joylul'st feast, Let even- man be jolly ; Each room with ivy leaves iB drea'fc, And every post with holly. " Though f ntr.e churls at our mirth repine. Bound our foreheads garlands twine, Drown sorrow in a cap of wiue, And let us all be merry. " Now all our neighbors' chimneys smoke And Christmas blocks are burning, Their ovens they with baktd meat3 choke, And all their spits ate turning. " Without the door let Borrow lie, And if ot cult! it hap to die W'i'll bury it in a Christmas pie, And evermore be merry. "Then wherefore in these merry days Should we, I pray, he duller; No, let us sin it some roundelays To make our mirtii thu fuller." " England was Slerrie England when Old Christmas brought his sports again. 'Twas Chriituus.broacned thehighung ale ; 'Tivas Christmas told the merriest tale A Christmas gambol ott would cheer A poor man's heart through half the year." —Oto Carol. "Christmas comes but once a year," say the old song, and it behoves us all to welcome with time-honored observances what has always been the paramount religious and social festival of English- speaking people in all parts of the world, and surely the kindly merriments and friendly greetings incidental to the seascn do much to cement the bond of kinship which exists between those whom Destiny decrees can only "join hands across the sea." It is not possible to say much that is Original about Christmas and its customs, but somehow we never seem to tire of hearing about them when Christmas once more comes round, and everyone more or less takes part in the kindly amenities so indelibly associated with this anniversary. Christmas is essen tially the festival of the youDg, and though we do not now celebrate it in the roliickiug spiribof days of yore, we can yet invest it with much innocent abandon, and a ring of joyousness which will in after years be a happy memory. As for them—alas—as for us, a Christmas will come when they will hear the same familiar bells ringing out their message of great joy; but the good tidings will sound, oh, so differ ent ; the music, oh, so sad ! The bells that carol so merrily will pierce the heart with memories of other, perhaps happier, days; and minor chords will sound whether we will or no. Christmas revelries for the most part have their basis in a inedJey of old memories, and in all time-honored Yuletide customs we find a mixture of this world and the world to come, the flesh and the spirit, heathenism and Christianity. In some part3 of Scotland the fires of Baal are still lighted, and the Scottish youth run through them without a thought of the origin of their games—in this instance an illustration of the passage of purification where children were burnt and passed through fire to " Moloch, horrid god, besmeared with blood." The saturnalia of trie ancients was anything but a religious ceremony, and at this time the whole populace gave themselves over to the lord of misrule, and the decoration of our churches and homes originates from the same source—the Romans decorating theirhousesaud temples atthesaturnaliaaswedofor Christmas. Until the times of good Queen Bess a great feast was held by the Kings of England in Jttufus's KoariDg Hall, or as it is now called Westminster Hall. In the year l'2(i2 four kings were present at this Christmas feast, when we re consumed "six fine fat bullocks, six calves, six-teen sheep, five score geese, five score. capons, with many marrow-bones, and great store of,eggs and cream." The only time when Christmas has not been a season of jollity and universal goodfellowehip was when the Puritans made such a fierce assault upon the ceremonies of the church, and during the time of the Commonwealth when the Round heads held sway no Christmas merrymaking were allowed, aud ctiers went about London I ringing a bell and crying—"No Christmas ! | No Christmas!" Feasting and hospitality have ever been associated with the Christmas season, aud certainly the digestive powers of our ancestors must far have exceeded our own, for imagine partaking of a pie composed of two bushels of flour, 20 lb. butter, four geese, two turkeys, two rabbits, two wild ducks, two woodcocks, six snipe, four partridge?, two neats' tODgnes, two curlews, seven blackbirds, and six pigeons. This monster pasty was prepared by a certain Mistress Dorothy Patterson, housekeeper to Sir Henry Grey Howick. We sometimes hear a great deal of the ex-1 travagance of the entertainments of to day, but with all their courses, French cooks, elaborate decorations, and costly wines, they 1 sink into insignificance compared with the j banquets chronicled in the olden times. To use an Americanism which is most ex-1 pressive and appropriate, if not strictly I grammatical, the further we "advance back ward " in civilisation the larger and more magnificent are the feasts. Edward III. gave a Christmas banquet which cost a sum equiva lent to £40,000 of our present currency, and at the installation of Kaiph Abbot, of St. Augustine, Canterbury, in 1309, 0,UC0 guests were entertained at Ohristmastide at a dinner consisting, we are told, of 3,000 dishes; but I fancy the menu would have somewhat startled the modern diner out. Cranes, herons, swans, pieces of whale and ,porpoise were among the delicacies prepared, and the boar's head formed the piece d9 resistance, as it frequently does now in old England. This savory dish was decked with sprigs of fragrant rosemary and escorted by a procession of minstrels, was carried round the great hall while the follow ing quaint old earol was sung:—• No well! Nowell! Nowell! Tydvnges gud 3' thj-nke to telle, The bote's head that we hryng here Betokeceth a prvnee without pere Is borne this day to bye us dere. Nowtll. A bore Is a sovetaigne beste, And acceptable in every teats, Sc tnote tliya borde be to moste and teste. Nowell. This bore's hed we bryneewith sonce Iu 1 oraehj ppe of Him that thin ysptong Of a vircin to redresae all wrong. Nowell! Nowell! Nowell 1 After the boar's head came the peacock, which was stuifed with spices and sweet herb3 roasted, and basted with the yolks of eggs and then sewn up in its skin aud brilliant plumage ; it's beak and feet were gilded, and a piece of cotton steeped in spirits set alight in it's mouth. This gorgeous dish was carried in state by the lady most distinguished by her birth and beauty and set before the lord of the feast. Another favorite Christmas diBh which would seem eomewhat coarse to our more refined taste was roasted swan. Of course, ail this substantial fare required a corresponding amount of liquid refreshment, and metheglin, hippocras, and good old October Ale, to say nothing of small beer and light French wines, were partaken of in abundance. And in those days if any man failed to take what was con sidered his fair share in the conviviality he quickly made acquaintance wi'th the hand lock—an iron ring attached to two staples high in the door, one serving as a hinge and the other as a lock. He was fastened by the wrist to this ring, and the wine poured down his sleeve and allowed to trickle on to the floor. One of these instruments is still to be seen at Haddon Hal], in Derbyshire. In these old days at a Christmas feast it was not only their equals our forefathers enter tained, but the baronial hall was filled with retainers of every degree, all keeping high holiday and freely welcomed by the lord of the manor to partake of his hospitality, which wa3 bestowed with no niggard hand; and in England as in Norway tile pretty custom of tying an unthreshed sheaf of wheat to a pole for the birds was universal. After the banquets the noble lords and dames of high degree took part in the stately dances then in vogue. I am always sorry that here, when at Ohristmastide our chief desire is to fine some cool retreat where we are safe from the fierce rays of King Sol, we are perforce obliged to forego the Yule log—part and parcel of Christmas in all more frigid climes where the bringing home and burning of the Yule log has ever been a time-honored practice. Few of us, however sad the memories the season brings, can find it in our hearts to cry out against merry Christmas. Saddened spirits and ghosts of Christmases long past may and must haunt some of us; but let us not dull th9 merriment of others who are yet free from the haunting voices of loss, sorrow, and disappointment; and though of many ancient customs scarcely a shadow remains, and perhaps some of these customs are more honored in the breach than in the observance, still I would fain hope it may bo long ere we banish the innocent mirth and friendly festivity which for so many nges has been one of our most familiar halting-places in the inevitable whirligig of time. 