ANSWERS. Any oue desirous of a description of character by means of this cliaruiim; art Las oulj to enclose an outline of their liaud, with 12 pcuuy stamps (addressed '? Ze :o,' Clipper office.), aud the de scription will appear in tins colutnu. Any ingenious individual will doviue a ready ineanB of outlining— for iusUuioe, the old method of mnning a lead pencil about the hand and fingers while the palm is turned down on the paper— will give satisfactory results. It would be as well to fill in the principal markings or lines of the palm so as ;o give more data. Letters containing coin must be registered. A. Squirrel. — Dear, dear, how English we are — would not ' a possum up a gum tree' suit you. You are very liko (F. Victory), only more intense aud less ponderous (I do not wish to infer that F. V. is an elephant or you are a sylph). You should be an a'-tist or writer (not a signwriter) as you possess much cleverness and learn quickly. You find it irk some to obey teachers or other selfsuffi cient expounders of the law. A woe bit obstinate at times, and perhaps think folks are trying to drive when they aro only amusing themselves by trying to raise your quills. If necessary you should be able to earn you living anywhere but the North Pole and the only thing that would cause you to fail there would be want of fat. Do not move about so much and try and get others to do all the hard work you can. F. Victory. — Do you wisl to insinuate that you are related to the Death of Nelson or that you were born that way or what. V. Victory, you are a hird-headed citizen and are likely to make a splash in the world — being, eloquent and sharp — good at trade, and readily get to know a thing or two — in mechanical pursuits, you like to get at the bottom of the operations going on around you ; in science and art likewise. If hitched for life, your partner is apt, if at all strong willed to guide if not drive you. Try and put a lot more flesh on your bones, pad out friend, pad out and round out your face so that your prominent features will not look like pegs on a wall. You like the mysterious and ought to make a good ghost hunter. Apply old home of nurses. Hard Luck. — Shopkeeping like green apples should be strictly avoided by you. A job as head boss would about suit your case, you would like to be cock of the walk and look after all the hens. You desire position and long for the good things of this earth with an intense ever burning longing. You like to be generous and open handed j but the love of personal liberty, dislike to trades and occupations re quiring constant attention, will probably prevent the exhibition of the kindly im pulse on a largo scale. Even if your purse is empty you will be liberal and give— advice — more, in fact than you are asked for. Try and be more practical and bend your will to your neods. A word to the wise you know. H. Olive. — A lot of [impulsiveness, warmth of feeling aud love of action help to make you liked by those who know you best. You hate slow people and dislike ' dull old frumps.' When pet schemes are upset you are likely to spit out vigorously and your temper is quick aud of short duration. Of a jealous and imagina tive disposition, you sometimes let your fancy run away with your judgment and are quite sorry afterwards. TTqji are olever, apt, smart, and like to do as you please with a big F. Like to argue and debate, that is when you are getting the best of it— when you are not you loose your temper and then ? Rule Brit., etc. 