Oh. trii ice ot rural glade*. Of fresh, free Air And prate uic£2 cf sylvan shades, Of seething rivers, sun-kissed hills. Go, bumpkins, take your fill of them, Whilst I'mid peaceful pleasures stray Such as the tea at five P. if., The german and the matinee. Let others hunt the timid roe, The bounding stag, the subtle hare, Whilst I in solitude will go And stalk the oyster in his lair. Let restless -spirits hunt the snipe, Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe; But give me calm and quail on toast. Go, ribalds, toy with finny tribes, And think to take their lives no sia } But give to me, and spare your gibes, The peaceful joy of terrapin. From babbling brook and rippling rill, Maid roysterers, go drink; 'tis vain, I only ask to drink my fill Of frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse young-swains in lollv stray, With rosy .maids with hair a-curl» I only ask a neat coupe And supper with a. ballet girl. Ye madcap wights, who rise at dawn, Insatiate to dig and delve, I do not envy ye; but on I'll slumber till the hour of-twelve. Attune your pipes, attend your flocks, And toot your flutes, if joy it brings; I am content to havp a box When Adelina Patti sings. With Chloe fair, and Phyllis sweet Disport ye in your sylvan ■shrine ; An heiress with a fortune neat Is much more in my simple line. Go, breathe your incense-laden air With fragrance of the clover blooms : Its odors never can compare With Monsieur Lubinls nice perfumes. Go revel in thy rosej-clad cot, Voluptuary sybarijte, A brown-stone front shall be-my.lot Replete with simple, pure delight. The Last Man.—ifcere is one individual that we have always felt great sympathy for, and that is the last riiati in the procession. He doesn't want to be the last man, of course, but implacable fate pats him there And there he seems to stay. Theje's no way of getting out of it. Did yon ever wait long enough tc» see the last man in a great street parade ? Of coarse there must be a last man in: a.procession as there w a head man to lead it. He is that thrice unfortunate .individual who closes up the rear. He grows tired of-waiting, long be fore the procession gets under way, andhas half a mind to break ranks and go home. The crowds press on him and little boys -jeer him. Then, as the long procession moves down the street, he is conscious all .the time that every body will be weary of the.show by the time he comes .along, laboriously, bringing up the rear, and no matter how well he- may march, no one in going to pay any attention to him. TTin only utility seems to . he to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to.the fel lows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggles more or less, and it becomes neces sary for those .composing it to break into a sharp run frequently, in order to avoid get ting left altogether. Then it i$ that the last man has a very distressing time of it. Dogs chase him and bark at his heels. He is cnt off by a wagon at a cross street, which whips in and prevents bis joining the main body, and if he isn't nimble-enough to jump over the wagon, he is liable to get mixed up with all sorts of vehicles and cursed by the drivers individually and collectively. Sometimes he is compelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets in order to catch up with the procession again. The populace are not favorably disposed to the last man, somehow. There is a disposi tion to hoot at him, and mischievous fellows have been known to throw obstacles in bis way to trip him up. We have seen him trip on a boop, stumble over an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and be knocked down flat by an express wagon going half a block. You can't help admiring tbe persistency of the man and his evident determination to bring up the rear at whatever personal sacri fice. It is a thankless operation, though. Virginia Tradition-—Ouce in the life of every man h^ears the seven whistlers' call. They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upon the startled ear. And there is always aportent of something momen tous for good or evil, even though they may not '• dree their weird " for weeks after tbe seven whistlers' call. Like all portents, their coming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, After all, is the " witching hour." There is in the quiet of a secluded country side in the twilight shadows which falls from the heavens a mystical significance o£ another worBk and of the flimsy structure of tbe veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hour of the twenty-four. It is then, by some lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth j or in the sky overhead, taken up and repeated j six times, and ever growing clearer and more ; distinct, and finally pealing away with a rush of wings and a sound of passing like that which in all the Mediterranean isles singled the death of" the Great Pan " when Christ was born. Novels-—Many novels, interesting enough and well, written, are only calculated to lead the mind astray. Novels, like other books, are made to sell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other in the effort to fill the pages of their works with the most interesting exciting plots that the imagina tion can invent. It is not to that class of novels known to be decidedly obscene that reference is made. These are condemned, professedly, by society, and in. many of the States their sale is prohibited. But the popular mind is often so closely allied to tbe openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe the thoughts, ■ but the sentiment is offensive to purity and moral character. Yet this is very largely the class of novels that is most'eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely the result of such novel reading, and to the same cause may mainly be, attributed tbe BeDarations and divorces of the present day. Owning a Home-—A man who is work ing to se#ure a small piece of property sub stitutes a new and distinct ambition for a re mote and vague one. Day dreams about large estates and princely incomes may be ■ very amusing, but they are not half so pro-, Stable as a division of a lot one hundred feet by two .hundred, witb a snug little dwelling, bouse upon it. With this bufore,him,.a.man will rise early and retire lats,..turning his hand cheerfully to any and every. kind of work. He will have a motive for rigorous economy which will make it a pleasure. He will have the vision of the last, j payment be fore him as a perpetual motireto,moderation in passions, economy in expenses,a bstinence ■ from expensive pleasures and from expensive companions. Thus it will come to.pas3 that a judicious debt, incurred at rthe. beginning of a journeyman's or labourer's career* will become his good genius, watching over him, inciting him to all industry, and. self-govern ment. It is & critical moment in life when middle age awakens a man from the illusions that have been crowning the earlier years with inward glory. Some are willing to let the vision and the dream pass into easy oblivion, while they hasten to make up for lost time in close pursuit of the- main chance^ Others can forgive anything sooner than their own ex ploded ideal, and the ghost of their dead en thusiasm haunts them with an embittering presence. _ . The Prince of Wales is poiag to y»y £125 a day forliis accommodation at New lauds during his visit to Ireliuii. II-; ia more extravagant ihan the queen. On !jer last visit to Aiz le3 Bains she wanted to occupy the Hotel Splendide, but the price asked, £100 a day, was too high, so she took another house, which she got for £65. But then the queen has no rich mother, at the prince fast. 