(FROM OUn ow.i CORRESPOStSoI.) According to Mr. Maex irli l31. was entertained at a b llqrt other evening, the days of protetis in the land are numbered, and il tit near future Psarliament will bn possession of by a band of freetr e In order to push on with tie f ork, sum of £2000 is required, Slod all o have the cause of freetrade it ItiCr are asked to give proof of their sincrit' by contributing according to eir ,neatn. Now, quite apart fro the vexed question of free trade protection, it tay be asked, jq arw present the right time to nmake appeal for money to assist thie Ire trade policy 1 Parliament is about to close its labors, and rest fora er months, no fiscal question disturbillt community; business of all kindt s laboting hard against the Storn? ae there is trouble all over the lrnd-the why attempt now to raise strife O tariff questions 4 The battle of irre trade against protection will of corns be renewed some day, and probably .1 Hirsch will be in Parliament at the time, but just at present there is is sound reason for beating the free trade cymbals. Painful evidence of the had atim;es furnished in the announcements in the ' Wanted to Sell" columns of our morning newspapers. People appear td be getting rid, at great sacrifices, of everything they can do without Cottage drawingroom suitee, pianos, sewing maclines and articles of jewellery are advertised for sale, at private.residences, by the score. One person states that she ihas pitno which cost £03 two years ago for sale, and that as she is greally pressed for money she will accept E?! " to-day " (the day she advertii"l); another of the sex urges suomeoi. to buy her sewing nmachine for £11os "nalmost new and cost £12;" and "a gentlemen in distress" offers his gold watch and silver chain at a temtpt. ing sacrifice. It is only thos uhlo move among the people, cal inrm any idea of the great misery which exists in the metropolis at the present time. The Premier saw a little of thie seamy side of life the other day when he passed an hour in tihe city court. Sub. sequently he visited tihe Royal Park depot, where neglected children trs received prior to being sent to the Industrial schools, and when lie re turned to his office in the evening he remarked " What I have seen and heard to-day proves the existence of a state of things that is beyond parallel' Mr. Patterson is now satistied that tts question of establishing a foundling hospital must receive serious consider ation in the next session of Parlaiment. The crime of infanticide is increasing to an alarming extent, and something must be done to stop it. Maony well meaning people are strongly opposed to foundling hospitals, on the ground that they may encourage vice, but against that view there is the painful fact that almost daily in this city helpless women murder their little ones or leave them to die in the public reserves. Society cannot look cahlly on at this condition of things. The "Spook" society has not been abIle to capture a ghost yet, anl I hear that the council it not a happy family. A literary gentleman, whose contri butions to the press appear under the initials "J. S.," has come into warm conflict with the burly Dr. Bevan; and '-the son of a well-known philan trophist in this city has had an angry tussle with the Itev. Charles Strong. Some members. of the council are earnest ghost seekers, and are sn;'iiot of being able to exhibit half a doz-n of tihe class on the pletform of the town hall ere long, while others laugh in their sleeves while they saconmpany their colleagues in the search. There is one prominent gentleman in this city (he has not given me permission to mention his name) who is inquiring quietly and earnestly into the question of spirit communication, and I nntici pate that by and bye lie will tinke his experiences public. If he doesI am sure much weight will be attached to what he says. The number of " Professors" in Melbourne is increasing, and the papers contain rows of adrertisemtents from members of both sexes who undertake to tell people all about thfl future. One of the class is evidentlfy a fellow possessed of some honesty, as he frankly atinounces that all those who consult himl " will go aRway well pleased." No intimations of comi?g? danger; no early bereavements ; niO shladows over the hIouseholld; every thing pleasant. This man's frnmkre~s should bring to hIis doors a large per centage of the foolish people who believe in professional sight seers. My remark last w-eek that Tins Swiveller won the Caulfield Cup "and there's an end of it" was a tride premature. In short the "end fit is that poor Tim has been prono0uned not the winner, and Sainfoin h'ea.s given the race, Oxide being de:lireld second hlorse. This occurrence, 1 scarcely say, is one of th e e t sensational whlich ihas ever stirred t?e Australian sporting world. At ? spectator of the.race I must say ,th, is no doubt that Tim Svrieller did slightly interfere with Oxide and roit Sainfoin. I tnay further obserre tl ft if there was any chance of either ?f these hIoroes winning, Oxide we tie horse, and he it was ltlo was mostlY interfered with. The noe recordo! winner hlind not a thousand to onS chat.ce, and had Cimi Swiveller nOt borne in upon the 'othlers hie Oseld Ihave won by a lengthl or etor inse8 of by half a lengtht. o doudt 'il was the best horse in the race an td upholding of the protest means difference of £50,000 at least to the bookies, They will profably get thor money back on tile Melbo re Ct?p but a bird in the hand is worft t.o the bush. In any case the book?i a the philosophers of the turf : philosophlers are said to be pr against the buffets of fae. 