C0RRESPONDENCE. CROWDS AT STREET CORNERS. TO THE EDITOR. Srm,-I am in the interests of justice and fairplay compelled to enter my protest and emphatically .deny the assertions of an individual writ ing under' the cloak ofon awnm d" pline, viz., "Pro Bono. Pub lico." In posing as a champion of that which is noble and brave his first act condemns him when he pirated from a Sydney weekly the whole of the production he is placing to his credit. For the information of this in'dividual I beg to inform him that not one' case of assault is on record as having occurred as stated by him, and I would ask him does he brand all men, himself included, as cowards and curs when they stand by in scores and see these individuals maimed and wound6d as described in his pirated latter and not attempt to interfero for the safety of the solitary unfortunate in the hands of these ruffinus and scoundrels of the deepest dye? Is it not inore in the interest of good behaviour for the police to have these terrible characters under their sur veillance than to allow them to take charge of the back slums of the aristocratic suburbs of Lake-road? Or is " Pro Bono Publico , looking through the same spectacles as the gentleman who discovered the Kiama ghost of Fenian notoriety ? Perhaps my literary aspirant has been imbib ing not wisely, but too copiously, of that home-made spirit which causes one to see snakes of various hues. When posing as a dictator does "Pro Bono Publico " want the people of this district to stay always in their houses? Does he think there is a terrible crime being enacted when two or three loin in conversation ? Is he afraid that royalty is being threatened or that a plan is being organised to overthrow Gladstone's Home Rule Bill 2 Whatever it is and whatever he wants I trust he will put it in his own words and not take advantage of the production of other minds by placing them in the local press to his own credit and the consternation of sensible people. As a law-abiding citizen, it behoves me to offer a word of praise to Inspector Lynch and his assistants for their ability in maintaining such good order; and Newcastle stands pro minently forward as one of the best conducted communities under the Southern Cross. Our worthy inspector knows how to temper justice and work in harmony with the people. He brings about a better result than by harsh or tyrannical treatment, for on every side he will make' friends and his enemies are none.-I am, &c.;, NON-TYRANNICAL. 