SAYINGS AND DOINGS. A tiny miniature portrait of the late Duke of Clarence has rocontly been painted upon ivory by Mr. Henry Charles Heath, in a circle three-eighths of an inch in diameter, by command of her Majesty the Queen. Althrtnrrll fin mintitn if. urn a niAn/\tiu/«n<l a very good likeness. Mr. Heath holds the position of miniature-painter to her Majesty. < A story is going tho rounds thnt on tho occasion of the present Duke of Sutherland's visit to tho Queen to deliver up tho insignia of-his father's Garter hor Majesty inquired for cortaiu objects which should have been among them. "Those," the Duke is re ported to havo said, " tho Dowager Duchess absolutely refuses to deliver up into any hands but those of hor Sovereign person ally." Court and sooiety ask themselves, What will her Majesty do? Mr. George Grossmith has made a good start in the United States. His first appear ance was at tho Chiekering Hall, New York, and, according to a local critic, his sucaess was "quick, ample and unequivocal." The assemblage was not very largo, but this was doubtless due to a wretched night of rain. Quality, however, made up for quantity, for tho same scribe informs us that among those present were "an extraordinarily large percentage of social and professional notablos," Tho late Jay Gould was vory methodical in his habits. Ho usually rose about half- past 0 or 7, and took a short walk. Then he and his father breakfasted. Ho was a vory light eater, seldom partaking of more than a cup of tea, a piece of toast, and a small bit of beefsteak. He owned a hand some town house, and an extensive country place on the banks of the Hudson River. To and from this place ho journeyed dailv to Now York during the season iu bis steam yacht. _ Summer and winter, when not travelling, he went- to his ofiico every day except Sundays and legal holidays. He was rarely later than 10 o'clock, and remained until .3 in the summer time and 4 in the .winter. Social pleasures had littlo attrac tion for Mr. Gould, his soje diversion being his family and his boat-. He had few friends. Ho trusted no one, and did not seek tho confidence of others. Ho never lost his head. In times of crisis in financial matters he was always cool and calm, und gave ins oruBrs irom tus oince as though nothing of momont was transpiring. The death of Mr. Jay Gould recalls the fact that America possesses not only the greatest number of rich men, but also the richest of any on the globe. Here are the names of the 10 wealthiest Americans, with the sums they are said to be worth: — Mr W. D. Astor, £30,000,000 ; Mr. Jay Gould, £20,000,000; Mr. J. D. Rockfcller, £1S,000,000 ; Mr. John Jacob Astor, £17,000,000 ; Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt, £10,000,000; Mr. \V. K. Vanderbilt, £16,000,000 ; Mr. H. M.Flagler, £12,000,000; Mr. John I. Blair, £10,000,000 ; Mr. Loland Stanford, £10,000,000; Mr. C. P. Hunting ton, £10,000,000. The fortunes of those 10 men, it will be seen, total up a sum of £159,000,000 sterling. The ABtors made their money by the enhanced value of real ostato in New York ; the Vauderbilts, Blair, Stanford, and Huntington in tho con struction and operation of railroads ; Rock- feller and Flagler in the oil trade, and Jay Gould by speculating in and controlling rail way stock. A "friend" who saw "Mr. Wells, of Monte Carlo," and elsewhere, who has just been arrested on a charge of fraud, gambling in the salon last year, says that, whutover may bo the upshot of his trial, he will in evitably be handicapped by his faco if tho judge and jury are influenced by physiogno mical considerations, as a more unpre possessing countenance he has rarely seen. Mr. Charles Coborn, tho composer of a number of vory popular comie songs, has been unbosoming himself to an enterprising interviewer, and amongst other things told him a very funny Btory to tho effect that upon one occasion tho band on the terrace at Windsor played one air which so pleased the Queen, that she had it repeated, and finally sent to inquire tho name of it, where upon a lady in attendance ascertained that it was called " Come whore tho hooze is cheaper." Her Majesty, it is said, Boemed "troubled and perplexed." No doubt it was as unintelligible to the Queen as it will be to many of our readers. I remember hearing years ago (says Mr. Labonehere) a good Btory about Jay Gould. He had a quantity ol stock of some particu lar railroad which, being worthless, he was anxious to sell. His minister came to him one morning and said to him : " Mr. Gould, I am a poor man, and I have a large family. I have managed tojsut by lU.OOUaol., and if only I could double it I should not bo anxious about the future of my family if I were called away." " Minister," said Mr. Gould, " I will tell you how to do so, pro vided that you will tell no one else ;"nnd he advised him to purchase largely of this particular stock for a rise. The Minister did so, and tho stock waa in great demand. But a month or two afterwards the market price fell heavily. Again the minister called on Mr. Gould. "I am ruined," he said ; "you have deceived your pastor." "Pa3tor," replied Mr. Gould, "I told you to keep my advice a secret. Did you do so?" " Well," said the minister, "Ididmontion it to a few of our elders." "So I thought you would," said Gould, -"and I have got off the whole of the stock that I held on them and their friends ; here are your ten thousand dollars back, and here are ten thousand more for your trouble iu the matter." Realism is positively penetratiug tho ranks of the medical profession if ono may judge by what is certainly the most remark- ublo advertisement which I have met with (says " Miranda ") for some time. A phy sician, giving a good address in London, advertises for a " sword swallowor" to de monstrate mothod of feeding by stomach- pump. This admirably enterprising doctor guarantees that there will he no pain and no danger, and offers a liberal foe for what no calls " ono reneursal and ono show. The idea opens up possibilities unspeakable, but whether it is Quite consistent with the dig nity of the profession is another question, although perhaps it is quite as dignified to offer a fee to a sword swallower for a de- monstation devoid of risk or pain, as to ex periment gratis on tho brain of a living dog. _ The Duke of Edinburgh's musical enthu siasm, as well as his roluctance to disappoint tho public, led him to travel from St. Ger mans to Plymouth in tho guard's van of a fish train rather than not he in time to piny as one of the first violins at a performance of the "Dream of Jubal." The Duko put in an appearance to time, and it is not re corded that any "ancient and fish-like smell" hovered around his violin. In somo parts of China it is usual to in troduce a friend into tho house witli some such words as these This is my friend —if ho steals anything I will bo responsible." But Mark Twain's experience oven excels tlmt, for once, wtien being introduced to an audieueo, tho chairman said, " I know nothing of him except that lie hasn't been in gaol, and I am bound at tho same time to say that I don't know why ho hasn't." "Our Kentish cliffs seom rather shaky just now," says the London Graphic. Other tilings in Groat Britain aro " shaky " as well. History is learnt under difficulties in Tur key. At tho Government Behools special editions of modern hiBtory text-books are prepared omitting any mention of revolu tions. Nothing may be taught about the reign of a Snltau until he has been dead 33 years, so that pupils at present may not learn anything whatever respecting the reign of Abdul Aziz. English people travel so much by rail nowadays that it is not pleasant to hear hints of a general increase of fares. At leasitho Great Northern Railway threatens to lead tho wov, with tho prophesy that other lines will bo forced to iollow snit, owing to the increase in wages and tho price of material. The United States pension list will amount this year to tho almost incredible sum of £33,003,000 ! This is an increase of nearly £2,000,000 over tho payments to pensioners during 1S92. This gives £100 per annum to 330,000 individuals. "Carmen Sylva" has written a new novel — "Snow" — illustrating rural lifo in Rou- mania. A reproof, which was just and not dis courteous, wus once addressed to a young rector who had been reared under the highest of church doctrines, and who held that clergymen of all other denomina tions aro without authority, and not entitled to bo called ministers of tho gospel. One evening, at a soeial gathering, ho was introduced to a Baptist clergyman. He greeted the elder man with much manner and ostentation. "Sir," ho said, " I am glad to shake hands with you as a gentleman, though I cannot admit that you aro a olergyman." There was a moment's pause, and then tho other said, with a quiet significance that made the words'ho left unsaid emphatic : "Sir, I uni glad to shake hands with you— as a clergy man." Mr. Ham, of Georgia, tells this story : "They brought a prisoner down to Atlanta from Northern Georgia who'd been caught reveuueing. That's what they call it down where I live. The fellow had never beon in the city before, and he looked at the stone- paving of tho streets with great interest. At last ho. said: 'It's a good thing they built a city in this place. It isn't worth a darn for farming land. Look at the rocks.' " A lady writes from Germany that she is discouraged about learning ihc Gorman language. A Germnn friend, who tried to converse with her in English, made such a mistuko that she fears she may do as badly in German. The German gentleman inno cently gave this rendering of a familiar saying :p"The ghost is willing, but tho meat is feeble." Ex-Governor Taylor, of Tennessee, has a new joKc. It. runs like this :. Pat was about to die. Tho priest hnd been called, and had administered the last ser vices. Then he said, "Pat is there any thing else you desire?" "Yes," said Pat; "I want to bo buried in a third-party graveyard." Why, Pat," said tho priest, "why is that ?" " Well, your riverence," says Pat, "a third-party graveyard is the last place tho devil would look for a Demo crat." Once, whilst canvassing his State daring a political season, John Quincy Adams was approached by a well-to-do farmer, who introduced himself, and said : "Mr. Adams, I'm glnd to meet you ; iny wife remembers yon well ; sho was in your family when you wero a boy, and often combed year hair." "Well," said Mr. Adams, sharply, "1 sup pose she combs yours now. " Mrs. Hetty Green, who is said to bo worth 40,000,000dol., and is probably the richest woman in her own right in America, told an intervtewor the other day thatshedislikedbusiness, "and woulda great deal rather be a society woman." Yet, ut the time, she was attired in a dress that could not havo cost lOdol. All the jewellery she wears is comprised in two plain old gold rings, and she lives iu boarding-houses. The King of Sweden popped in at the Sailors' Homo at Stockholm just as dinner was being served up, and asked tho per mission of tho sailors to be their guest, which, with great condescension, they con sented to. Suddenly his Majesty exclaimed to his chamberlain, "Why, look here here's jolly good cahbage.30up. I never get such soup as this at my table." After thiB the king wont into the kitchen aed inter viewed tho cook. This diplomatic pro ceeding ended by the cook being taken into the king's service. An observant man, whose duties take him into the tenements all over Now York, said to a reporter recently that he was surprised at the action of the Boston working-girls in petitioning the city government to forbid the posting of theatrical bills showing actresses in tights. " I ain surprised," said he, "because I have Been enough to cause mo to think that there is very little feeling against such displays, either on tho walls or on the stage, among tho sumo sort of women in this city. I have seen many such pictures in the sleeping-rooms and common family rooms in the tenements. At first I thought that ic must he that these picturca could be had for the asking, because many are of tho sort that are given away with cigarettes and aB gifts in the stores. But that would not account for the ease, becauao pictures of men and of fully-elothed women are obtain able from the same sources. Next I thought it must ho that the very poor, hard-worked girls admired sucli pictures, because of the contrast in life that ' was illustrated by portraits of popular favorites of fortune as agaiqst thoirownduil fortunos. Theworking- girls know that many of the stago peoplo were once poor and now aro prosperous. But the real reason is one that may startle you. I am convinced, the more I think of it, that it is tho result of vanity of their own charms among the. women who thus display and hoard pictures of the charms of others. I believe that these women are con scious that they ure themselves shapely and graceful in outline, and could please the artistic sense of the public were they dressed as the actresses and the ballet-girls are. They are conscious of . their own physical charms, and hug to their innocent hearts the prido of that consciousness. A strung reason for my believing no is the fondneBs of working-girls for going to masquerade parties in costumes that reveal their ankles, if not their legs, and their arms, if not their ankles. Not only that, but they are very often photographed in theBO masquerade costumes, holding the hired dresses for a forenoon after tho ball or party in order to be photographed beforo they take them, back to the costumier. Precisely the uuiiiu uunuiGions exist among tne women who aro hotter off— those who aro called ' tho ladies of tho land.' They do not fringe their bureaus and deck their walls with cigarette ehromos, but they ex hibit French art' in paint and marble in their parlors. Their husbands may bo the purchasers, but the wives offer no protest. And no one can look at tho -pictures dis played by the photographers without noting tho numDer which show the sitters in full decolleto evening dress; yes, and in just such costumes for amateur theatricals and masqueradoB as wo see in tho cheap gallery photographs. If there is a difference it eoems to mo that tho skirts of the mas- queradcrs in tho tonemop) district aro moro than a trifle longer than those of the society judies." 