THE SORCERESS. By MBS. OLIPHANT, Author of "Thb Chronicles of Carling FORD," "WHITKLAlJlES," "ADAH GRAEME," ; 4c. All Riohts Reserved. Chapter XLVL And yet all this time there lay upon Betty's table, ooncealed under the pretty laced hand kerchiefs which she had pulled out of their sachet to ohoose one for the party. Bee's little tremulous letter exptoasing a state or mind more agitated than that of Betty, and full of wondering and trouble. It was found there by the maid who put things in order next morning when she oalled the young visitor. "Hero's a letter that came lost night, and you have never opened it,'! said the maid, half reproachfully. She, at least, she was anxious to note, had not been to blame. Betty took it with great tang froid. She saw by the writing it was only Bee's— an 1 Bee's news was nover imperative. There could not be much to disclose to her of the state . of affairs at Kingswarden that was new since the nightbefore last But the result was that Betty went down- stairs in her bat and gloves, . and that Mr. Lyon and.Gerald, who were both sitting down to that substantial breakfast whloh is the first symbol of good health and a good conscience in Eng land, had much ado to dotain her long enough to share that meaL Mrs, Lyon did not come downstairs in the morning, so that they used the argument of helplessness, professing them selves unable to pour out their own tea. "And what business can Betty have of such importance that she must run out without her breakfast ?" esked the old gentleman. "Oh, it is news I liavo heard which I must take at once to papa 1" The two gentlemen looked at-eaoh other, and Mr. Lyon shook his big, old head. "I would not trouble your papa my dear about anything you may have heard. Depend upon it, ho will let you know anything he wishes you to know— in his own time." " But it's news, news," said Betty; "news about Charlie !" Then she remembered tbat very little had been said even to the Lyons' about Charlie, and stopped with embarrassment'; and her friends could not but believe that this was a hasty ex pedient to conceal from them that she had heard something— some dying rumor which had sot her little impetnous being on fire. When she had escaped from their sympathetic looks, and Gerald's manganimous proposal to accompaoy her — without time for so much as an egg to for tify him for the labors of the day !— Betty set out crossing the park in the early glory of the morning, which felt at 9 o'clock what 6 o'clock feels in the oountry, to carry the news to her father. Charlie found, and ill 1 and demanding to seo Miss Lanoo, his health and recovery depending upon whethor he should see or not. Botty's first instinct bad been to hasten at once to George- street, Hanover-square, but thenshoremembered that papa presumably was tho one who was the most anxious about Charlie and bad the best right to know, and it was perhaps better not to explain to the friendB in Portman-square why Miss Lance should go to Charlie. Indeed, when she had set out a great many questions occurred to Betty, ciiculating through her lively little mind without any possibility of an answer to them. Why should Charlie be so anxious to see Miss Lance ? Why had he been so long there, ill, and nobody come to tell his people of it ? and what was Bee doing in Cnrzon-strect in Aubrey Leigh's bouse, which was the last house in tho world where ehe had any right to be ? But she walked so fast, and the sunny air with all its movement and lightness so carried her on and filled her witli pleasant sounds and images, that these thoughts, blowing like the wind through her little intelligence, had not mnoh effect on Betty now — though thero was inoipient trouble in them, as even she could see. : Colonel Kingsward was seated at his break fast when his little girl burst in upon him in all the freshness of the morning. Her youth and her bloom, and her white frook, notwithstand ing its black accoutrements, made a great show in the dark colored, solemn, official looking room, with its Turkey carpets and morocco chairs. Tbo colonel was evidently startled by the sight of her. Ho Baid, "Weill" in that tone of self defence, and almost defiance, with which a man prepares for being called upon to give nn account of himself; as if anything so absurd could be possible as that Betty, little Betty, could call upon her father to give an account of himself 1 But then it is vory true that when there 1b something to be accounted for tho strongest feel buw conscience doth make cowards of us all. . "Oh," she cried, breathless, "papa, Charlie ! Bee has found Charlie, and he's been very ill — typhoid fever: he's getting better, and he's in London, and she's with him : and he wants but to see .Miss Lance. Oh, papa, that's what I oamo about chiefly, he wants to see Miss Lance." . . Colonel Kingsward's face changed many times during this breathless deliverance. He said first, " He's at the Mackinnons, I know then, "In London 1" 'with no pleasure at all in his tono ; and finally, "Miss -Lanoo 1" angrily, his face covered with a dark glow. ... "What is all tkis?"he cried, when she stopped for want of breath. "Charlie— in town; yon must he out of your senses. Why, he is in Scot land. I hoard from , eh ? Well, I don't know that I had any Icttor, but . And ill, and Bee with him ? What is tho meaning of all this ? Are you botli mad, or in a conspiracy to make.yourselvcs disagreeable to mo?" . "Papa 1" oried Betty, very ready to take up tho ohallengc; but on tho whole the nows was too important to justify a combat of self de fence. She produced Bee's note out of its envelope, and placed it before him, running on with a report of itwhile the colonel groped for his eyeglnss and arranged it npon his nose. . " " A lady came and fetched her," oried Betty, hurriedly, to forestall tho reading, " and brought her up to town and took her to him, oh, so bad 1 whoro ho had beon for wcoks ; and sho told him you had been to Oxford, and some thing about Miss Lanoo : and ho wants to see Miss Lance, and cbIIb, and calls for her, and won't be satisfied. Oh, papa I" Colonel Kingsward had arranged bis pincencz very oarefuily, he had takon up Bco's note, and went ovor it word by word while Betty made her breathless report. When he came to the first mention of Miss Lancc ho struck his hand upon tha tnblo liko any other man in n passion, mak ing all tho oups and plates ring. " Tho little fool," ho Baid, " the Iittlo fool 1 what right had sho to bring in that name ? " It was this that called forth Betty's exolamatlon ; but no moro was said by either till ho read it out to the ond, U'lien ho llnng tho lottcr from him, and getting up paood about the room in rage and dismay. "Along illness," SBid the Colonel, "was perhaps the best thing that oould havo happened to him to sweep all that had passed before out of bis mind, and here does this infornal Iittlo idiot, this Iittlo demon full of spite and malice, get at the boy at his worst moment and bring everything hack. What right had she, tho spiteful, envious little fool, to bring in tho name of a lady— of a lady to whom you all owo the greatest rcspcot." "Papa! "cried Betty, overwhelmed, "Beo could n t have meant any harm." Colonel Kingsward was out of himself, and he uttered words which terrified his daughter, and which need not be recorded against him — for he eortainly did not in cold blood wish Bee to fall under any celestial malediotion. He stormed about the room, saying muoli that Betty could not understand ; that it was just the thing of ail others that should not have happened ; and tho time of ail others; that if it had been a little later, or ovon a little earlier, it would not havo mattered ; that it was enough to overturn overy arrangement, increase every difficulty. He was not at all a roan to giro way to bis feelings so. His children, indeed, until very lately, had never seen him exoited at ail, and it was an astonish ment beyond description to little Betty to be a spectator of this scene. Indeed, Colonel Kings- ward awoke presently to a Bense of tho self ex posure he had been making, and calmed down, or, at least, controlled himself, upon which Betty ventured to ask him very humbly what ho thought she had better do. " May I go to Miss Lance and tell her ? She is not angry now, nor unhappy about him liko — like us," said Botty putting the best face upon it with instinotive capaoity "and she might know what to da She is so very kind and un derstanding, don't you think, papa? and she would know what to do. " For tho first time Colonel Kingsward gave his agitated little visitor a smile. " Yon seem to have some understanding too, for a iittlo girl," ho said, "and it looks as if you would bo worthy of my confidence, Betty. When I see you this aftoruoon I shall perhaps hare something to toll you, that ." There came over Colonel Kingsward's fine conntcnance a smile, n con sciousness which filled Betty with nmozement. She had seen her father look handsome, com manding, very serious. She had seen him wear an air which the girls in their profanity hail been used in their mother's linppy days to call tbat of the pire noble. She had seen him angry, even in a pnssion as to-day. She had henrd him, alas, blaspheme, which had been very terrible to Betty. But she lmd neverj site acknowledged to herself, seen him look silly before. Silly, in a girl's phraseology, was what he looked now, with that fatuity which is almost solely to be attributed to one cause ; but of this Betty was not ft ware. It came over his countenance, and for a moment Colonel Kingsward let him self go, on tho flood of complacent conscious ness, wliioit healed all his wounds. Then he suddenly braced himself up and turned to Betty again. "Perhaps," he said, in his most fatherly tone, for it seemed to the man in this crisis of his life that even little Betty's support was something to holdby, " mydenrchild, your instinct- is right. Go to Miss Lance and tell tier how tilings are. Don't take this odious letter, however," he said, seizing Bee's note and tearing it across with indignant vehemence, "with all its pre judices and assumptions. Tell her in your own words;and whore they are— and — Wherearethey, by the way ?" he said, groping for tho fragments of the letter in his waste paper basket. " I hope you noted the address." He had not then, it was evident, noted the address, nor the name of Mrs. Leigh, nor in whose house that Charlie was. Betty's heart beat high with the question whether she should call his attention to ' these additional facts, bnt her courage failed. her. He bad cooled down, he was himself again ; andafter a moment ho added, "I will writo a little note which you can take," with once more the smile that Betty thought silly floating across his face. She was standing close by tho writing table, and Betty was not aware that there was any harm in the natural glimpse whioh her keen eyes took before she was consoiqns of it, of the notc.hc was writing. It was not like a common note. It did not begin "Dear Miss Lance;" aa would have been natural. In short, it bad no beginning at ail, nor any signature — or rather it was signed only with his initial " F. " How very extraordinary that papa should sign "F." and should not pnt any begin ning to bis letter. A kind of wonderful conster nation enveloped the Iittlo girl. But still she did not in the least understand what it meant. Betty walked along Pall Mall and ; Pic cadilly, and by the edge of tho Park to Georgo- street, Hanover-square. It is not according to the present fnshionB that a girl should shrink from walking along through those busy London streets, where nobody is in search of adventures, at least at that hour of the morning. Her white morning frock and her black ribbons, and her early bloom, like the morning, though delightful to behold, did not make all the passors by stand and stare as the movements of a pretty girl use to do, if we are'to credit the novelB, in tho beginning of the century. People, perhaps, have too much to do nowadays to give to that not unusual sight the attention which tho dandios and the macaroni bestowed upon it, and Betty wbb bo evidently bent on her own little business, whatever it was, that nothing naturally occurred to detain her. It was so unusual for her to have a grave piece of business in hand that she was a little elated by it, oven though so sorry for Charlie who was ill, and for Beo who was so perturbed about everything. Betty herself was not per turbed ; she was full of the pleasure of the morning and tho long, interesting walk, and the sense of her own importance as a messenger. If there did occasionally float across her mind the idea that her father's demeanor was strange, or that it was odd he should have signed his note to Miss Lance with an F. it was merely a momentary idea and she did not question it or detain it. And poor Charlie ! ill, not able to got out this fine weather ; but he was getting better, so tbat there was really nothing to be troubled about. Miss Lanoo was up, but bad not yet appeared when Betty was shown into her Iittlo drawing- room. She was not an early riser. It was one of her vices she frankly allowed. Betty bad to wait, and had time to admire all her friend's knick knacks, of which there were many, be fore she came in, which she did at last with her arms pnt out to take Betty maternally to her bosom. She looked in the giri's face with a very intent glance before she took her into this embrace. "My little Betty ! so early," she said, and kissed tho girl and then looked at her again, as if in in expectation of something ; but as Betty could not thiuk of anything that Miss Lance would be oxpeoting from hor, she remained unconsoious of any speoial meaning in thiB look. ' "Yes, lam early," she said, "it ib because I have something to tell you aud something to ask of you, too." " Tell, my dear little girl, and ask; You may be sure I will be at your sorvice. Bnt what is this in your hnnd— a note for me?" "Yes;1 it is a note for you ; but may I tell you first what it is about?" :Betty went on qniokly with her story, though Miss Lance, without waitiDg for it, took the note and opened it. " Miss Lance, Charlie is found, he has been very ill and lie wants to boo yon." " To seo me ?" Miss Lance looked with oyes of sympathy, yot great innocence, aa if nt an impoBBiblo proposal, at tho . breathless girl . so anxious to get it out. " But, Betty, if he' is with vour friends the Mackinnons, in Scotland sL " Oh, Miss Lance, I told you he was not thero, don't you remember? He has never been any where all this time. Ho has bad typhoid fever, and on Thursday Beo was sent for, and found him still ill, but mending. And when he heard yon were in town ho would give her no peace till sho wrote and asked ynu to come and see him. And she did not knowyour address, so sho wrote to me. I went to tell papa first, and then I came on here; Oh, will you come and see Charlie? Bee said he wanted to get into a hansom and come to see yon as soon as he heard yon wore here." " What induced them to talk af me ? and why did she tell him I was here ?" Miss Lancc cried with a momentary cloud upon her face, auch as Betty had never seen there before. She Bat down suddenly in a chair with a pat of hor foot npon the carpet, whioh was almost like a stamp of impatience, and then sho read Colonel Kings ward'a note for the second time, with her brows drawn together and a blackness about her eyes whioh filled Betty with alarm and dismay. She looked up, however, next minute with her countenance cleared. " Your father says I am to use my own discretion," she said with afialf laugh, "that ia not much help tome, is it, in deciding what it i8 best to do. So he has been ill — and not in Scotland at all ?" "I told you be was not in Scotland," oried Betty, a little impatient in her turn. "Ob, Miss Lance, he has been ill, he is still ill — and won't you come and see him when he wants you so ? Oh, oomo and see him, please ! He looks so ill and wretched. Bee say, and weak and cannot get back his strength ; and he thinks if he could see you — " "Poor boy, silly boy!" said Miss Lanoe, "why does ho think it will do him good to see me— I doubt if it would do him any good ; and your father Bays I , am to use my discretion. I would do anything for any of you, Botty, but perhaps I should do him harm instead of good. Have you got your Bister's letter? " . " I left it with papa — that is, he threw it into the wosto paper basket," said the too truthful Betty, growing red. " I understand," Baid Miss Lance, " it was not a letter to allow me; Bee lias her prejudices, and perhaps she is right. I cannot expect that all tho family shonld be ns nice to me as you. Have they taken him to Kingswarden ? Or whore is he, poor boy ? " "Ho is at No. 1000 Cnrzon-street," Betty said. " What !" said Miss Lance. "Where?" Her brow curved over her oyes ; her face grew dBrk as if tho light had gone out of the morning, mid she spoke tbo two monosyllables in a sharp im perative tone, bo tbat they seemed to oat liko a knife. "At No. 1000, Cnrzon-street," Betty re peated, with great alarm, not knowing what to think. Miss Lance rose quickly, as if there had been something that stung her in the innocent words. She looked as if she were about to pnee the room from end to end as Colonel Kingsward did when he was disturbed. But either she did not mean this, or she restrained herself, for what she did was to walk to her writing table and put Colonel Kingsward's note away in a drawer, and then she went to the window and looked out and Baid it was a fine morning, but dusty for walking— and then she returned to her obair and sat down again and looked at Betty. Sho was pale, and there were lines in her foco that had not been there before. Hor eyes' were almost piteous as she looked at the surprised girl. " I am in a very strait place," she said, " and I don't know what to do." Something like moisture seemed to come up into hor. eyes.- "This is always how it happens to. me," she said, "just at the moment, just at the moment! What am I to do?" ' Chatter XLVII.\ Bee had passed the whole day with Charlie, the Friday of the dinner party at Fortman- equare. She had resisted as long as she could writing tho letter whioh had brought so muoh excitement to Betty, and tho passion with whioh he had insisted upon this, the struggle between them, tho vehemence with whioh he had declared that he cared for nothing in the world but to see Laura once again, to thank her for having pleaded for him with his father, to ask her forgiveness for his follies— had been bad for Charlie, who lay for the rest of the day upon the sofa, tossing from him one after the other the novels that were provided for his amuse ment, declaring them to be " rot " or " rubbish," growling at his sister when she continued to speak to him, and rcduoing poor Bee to that state of wounded imbcoility which is the lot of those who endeavor to please an unpleasant invalid, with the conviction that all tho time they are doing more harm than good. Bee was not maladroit by nature, and she had the warmest desire to be serviceable to her brother; but it appeared that she always did the wrong thing, not only in the eyes of Charlie, but in those of the nurse, who came in from time to time with swift movements, bringing subordination and quiet where there bad been nothing but irritation and resistance. And in this house, where she had been brought eutirely for the service of Charlie, Beo did not know what to do. She was afraid to leave the rooms that had been given up to bim lest she should meet someone on the stairs, or be seen, only to be avoided, as if her presence there was that of a ghost or an enemy. Poor Bee — wearing ont the long boura of the spring afternoon with poor attempts to be useful to the invalid, to watoh his looks (which he resented by frequent adjura tions not to watch him as a cat watobes a mouse), to anticipate his wishes (which immedi ately became the last tiling in the world lie wanted as soon as she found out the drink or got tho paper for which he was looking)— heard, or thought sho heard, Btepa coming to the street door, subdued voices in the hall, comings and goings half stealthily, noises subdued lest she should hear. What did it matter whether she heard or not? Why should the master of the house be banished that she, so ineffectual as she had proved, should be brought to her brother's side? She had not dono, and could uot do, any good to Charlie ; ail that sho had done had been to remind him of Miss Lanoe, to be the medium of oalling that disastrous person, who had done all the harm, back into Charlie's life — nay, of bringing her baok to this house, the inmates of whioh she had already harmed to the utmost of her power. That was all that had been done by Bee ; and now her presence kept at a distance the one individual in the world who hod the best right to bo here. He oamo almost secretly (she felt sure) to the door in the dusk to inquire after bis patient, or to get his letters ; or stole in; subduing his step, that sho might not be dis turbed. Poor Bee ! It was very hitter to her to think that Aubrey Leigh should leave his own house beeause sho was there. Sometimes she wondered whether it was some remnant of old, almost extinguished feeling in his breast whioh had mado him think that the eight of Bee would do Charlie good— tbo sight of Bee for whioh her brother did not care at all, not at all; whioh was an annoyance and fatiguo to him, except when she had betrayed what was the last thing in the world sho should have betrayed, the pos sibility of soeiog again tbat woman who had harmed tbem all. If Aubrey had thought eo, with some remnant of tho old romance, how mistaken ho had beon I and it was intolerable for the girl to think that for the sake of this unsuccessful experiment he had been sent away from his owu bouse. She placed herself in tbo corner of the room in which Charlie (to whom she was supposed to do good and bring pleasure) could Beo her least, and bitterness filled her heart. There wcra times in which she thought of stealing away, leaving a word for Mrs. Leigh to tho effeot that alio was doing Charlie no good, and that Betty, who would oomo to-morrow, might perhaps be of moro uso — and returning forlorn to Kingswarden to ronew tho life, where perhaps nobody wanted her very much, but where, at least, there wore so many tilings whioh Bhc and no ono olse was thero to do. She was still in this deprcssod state when Mrs. Leigh (who had evidently gone away also tbat tho brother and sister might be alone and happy together) camo back, looking into Charlio's room to ask how ho was on hor way upstairs to dress for dinner. " Better," tho nurse said with her eyebrows uplifted. " Peevish— young lady mosn't cross him — must be humored — things not gone quite so well to-day." "You will toll me about it at dinner," said Mrs. Leigh, and Beo went down stairs with a heavy heart, to be questioned. Aubrey's mother looked ohecrfnl enough, she did not seem to be unhappy about his absence or to dislike the society of the girl who had driven him away. And she was very considerate even in her ques tions about tho patient. "We must expect tbeso fluctuations," eho said; "you must not be cast down if you are not quite so triumphantly anccessful to-day." "Oh, Mrs. Leigh, I am deceiving you. I havo never been successful at all. He did not want me— he doesn't care for me, and to stay here is dreadful, upsetting tho house— doing no good." "My dear, this is a Btrango statemont to make, and you mnst not expeot me: to beliove you in the faco of facts. He was much better after seeing you last night" "Doing no good," said Bee shaking her head, " but harm, oh real harm I It was hot I that did him good, it was telling him of someone, of a lady — Oh Mrs. Leigh; how am I to tell you?" " My dear child ! anything that yon yourself know can surely bo told to me. We were afraid that something about a woman was at the bottom of it, but then thnt is always tho thing that is said, and typhoid, you know, means bad drains and not a troubled mind— though the one may make you susceptible to the other. Don't be so distressed, my dear. It seems moro to your in experience than it is in reality. He will get over that." " Mrs. Leigh," said Bee very pale. " He lias made me write to ask her to come and sea him here." It was now Mrs. Leigh's tnrn to change color. She grew red, looking astonished in the girl's despairing face. " A woman to come and see him, here ! bnt your brother would never insult the house, end you— I am talking nonsenso," ehe said suddenly stoppiug herself, " and misconstruing him alto gether. It is some lady who has jilted him — or something of that kind." Bee had not understood what Mrs, Leigh's first idea was, and sho did not see any causo for re lief in the second. "I don't know what she did to him or what she has done to them all," the girl said, mourn fully. "They all are tho same. Papa, oven, who does not caro very muoh for ladies, generally —But Charlie, poor Charlio 1 Oh, I believe he is in love with heratill, though she is twice as old as he is, and has almost broken his heart." \- "My dear," said Mrs. Leigh, "this must be something very- different from what we thought. We, thought he bad got into some dreadful trouble about a — — an altogether inferior per son. But as it seems to be a lady, and one that is known,to tho family, and who can be asked 'to come .here — If you can tell me a little more .olearly what the story is, "I shall be more ablo to give you my advice.!' Beo looked at her questioner holplcBS, half distracted, not knowing how to speak ; and yet the story must he told. She had written that fatal invitation, and it could not be concealed who this possible visitor was. She began with a great deal of hesitation to talk of the lady whom Charlie had raved about at Oxford, and how ho was to work to please her t and how he did not work, but failed in every way, aud fled from Oxford : ond how her father went to inquire into the story : and how tbB lady had come to Colonel Kingsward at the hotel, to explain to him, to excuse Charlie, to beg hiB father to for give him." " But my dear, ; ahc can't be so very bad, " said Mrs. Leigh, soothingly. "Yon must not judge her hardly : if she thought she had been to blame in the matter, that was really the right thing to do." " And since then," resumed Bee, " I think papa has thought of nobody else ; he writes to her and tells her Every thing. Ho gocB to see her : lie forgets about Charlie and nil af us : he has taken Betty there, and Betty adores her too. And to-night," oried Bee, the angry tears com ing into hor eyes, " she is dining in Portman- square, dining with the Lyons as a great friend of ours— in Portman-square." Mrs. Leigh drew Bee to hor, and gave her a kiss of consolation. I think it was partly that the girl in her misery should not see the smile, which Mrs. Leigh,, thinking that she now saw through this not uncommon mystery, could not otherwise conceal. "My poor child," she said, "my dear girl ! this is hard upon you since you dislike her so mnoh, but I am afraid it is quite natural, and a thing that could not have been guarded against. And then you must consider that your father may probably be a better judge than yourself. I dou't see any harm this lady has done except that peihaps it is not quite good taste to make herself so agreeable both to the father and son ; but perhaps in Charlie's case that was not iter fault. And I see no reason, my dear— really and sincerely as yonr friend, Bee — why you should be so prejudiced against a poor woman, whose only fault iB that everybody else likes her. Now isn't it a little unreasonable when you think of it calmly, yourself?" " Oh, Mrs. Leigh !" Bee oried ; the situation was so iatolerable, the passion of misery and misconception so strong in her that sho could only gasp in insupportable anger and dismay. "Bee, Bee ! this feeling is natural but you must not let it carry you away. Haveyouseen her ? Let me come in when she is here, and givo my opinion." " I have seen her threo times," said Bee, Bolemnly, " once at the Baths, and once at the Academy, and once at Oxford," and theu once moro excitement mastered tho girl. " Ob, when you know who she is ! Don't smile, don't smile, bnt listen 1 She is Miss Lance. " "Miss Lance ?" Mrs. Leigh repeated the name with surprise, looking into Bee's face. "You must compose' yourself," she said, "you must compose yourself." Miss ? My dear, you have got over exoited, you have mixed things up." No, I am not over excited ! I am tolling you only the truth. It is Miss Lance; aud they all beliove in her as if she wero an angel, and sho is coming here." Mrs. Leigh, was very much startlod, but yet ho would not believo her cars. She had heard Charlie doliriotis in bis fever not so long ago. Her mind gave a Iittlo leap to the alarming thought that thore might bo madness in tho family, and that Beo had been seized liko her brother. That what sho said was actual fact seemed to her too impossible to be true. She soothed the excited girl with all her power " Whoever it ia, my dear, you shall not take any harm. There is nothing to bofrightenod about. I will take caro of you whoever it is." "I do not think you believe me," said Beo. " I am not out of my mind, as you think. It is Miss Lanoe— Miss Laura Lanoe— tho same, tho very same, that— And I have written, and aha will be coming here." " This is voiy strange," said Mrs. Leigh. "It does not seem possible to believe it. The same who oamo between Anbrey and you? Ob, I never meant to name him ; I was never to name him ; but how can I help it ? Laura, who was the troublo of his house— who would not leave liim— who went to your father? And now your father — ! I cannot understand it. I cannot believe that it is true." "It is true," said Bee, "but Mrs. Leigh, you forget that no one cared then except myscif - they have forgotten all that now, thoy have fori gotten what happened. It was only my business, it was not their business. All that has gone from papa. He remembers nothing about it. And she is a witch, alio is a magician, she has a devil — oh, please forgive mo, forgive mo — I don't know what I am saying. It has all been grow ing, one thing after another— first me — and then Charlio— and then papa— and then Betty. And now, after bringing him almost to death and destruction, here is Charlie, in this house, coil ing for her, raging with me till I wrote to call her. Mo 1" cried Beo, with a sort of indignant eloquence. "Me! Could it go further than tbat? Could nothing bo more than that? Me 1 and in this house." " My dear child," said Mrs. Leigh. " I don't wondor, I don't wonder — it 1b like something in a tragedy. Oh, Beo 1 forgive mo for what is first in my thoughts. Was Bhe tho reason, the only reason foryour breaoh with my poor Aubrey ? for at first you Btood by him — and then you turned npon him." ' " 1 " Do not ask me any more questions, please. I am not able to answer anything. Isn't it enough that all these things havo happened through this woman, and that she is coming here." Mrs. Leigh mddo ho further qnestion. She saw that tho girl's excitement was almost beyond her control, and that hor young mind was strained to its utmost. She said, half to herself, "I must think. I cannot toll in a moment what to do. I must send for Aubrey. 1 It is his duty and mine to let it go no further. You must try to compose yourself, my dear, and trust us. Oh, Bee," there wero tears in her eyes as she camo up to the girl and kissed her ; " if you could but have trusted us— in all things ! I don't think you ever would have repeated." But Bee did not make any response. Her hands were cold and her head hot. She was wrapt in n strange passion and confusion of human chaos and bewilderment— everything gone wrong— all tho elements of life twisted the perverse way ; nothing open, nothing olear. She was incapable of any simple unmingled feeling in that confusion and medley of everything going wrong. Mrs. Leigh, a little disappointed, went into the inner room, the little library, to write a letter — no doubt to consult or summon her spn — from whioh Bhe was interrupted a few minutes later by a faint call, and Beo'a white face in the door way. " Sirs. Leigh, papa will oomo to-morrow, and he will take us away ; at least, he will take me away. I — I ahau't be any longer in anyone's way. Oh, don't keep him apart from yon — don't send anyone out of the house because of me !" (to re continued.) 