The Petersburg Times Terowie and Northern Advertiser FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1893. THE COMING ELECTIONS. The political combat may now be regarded as fairly begun. The statement of policy delivered by the Premier at Gawler on Wednesday evening had been anxiously waited for both by candidates for Parliamentary honours, as well as by all those who are interested in political matters. It is true that in several districts candidates have been a little impatient, and have forestalled the Government in the declaration of their political faith. But most of the old members have naturally rested on their oars, and waited to hear the particulars of the Goverment programme. During the next fortnight the policy will be made the text of very many addresses, delivered in the several districts of the colony. As there is only about a fortnight before the nominations take place, and only three weeks before the day of election, the candidates will have to be most expeditious or else they will be unable to visit many of the polling places. In some respects, it is an advantage to have all the candidates ; on the platform at the same time while there are also disadvantages accruing from such a course. If all are heard at the same time and place, it is more easy to compare their views and come to a more intelligent understanding, but if several candidates have to address the electors on the same evening the time allotted to each must necessarily be very limited. It is often the case that a great deal of time is wasted in talking about matters of trifling importance, while very little opportunity is left for discussing subjects of greater weight and interest A fair amount of time should be always be allowed for questioning the candidates, but, even regard to this matter, there is often a lamentable want of method. It is to be hoped that all through the District of Frome a really intelligent interest will be taken in the coming elections and that every individual who is entitled to exercise the franchise will make it a matter of conscience to do so. It has been decided that Good Friday March 31, and Easter Monday, April 3, shall be observed as public Holidays, while the public offices will also be closed on the intervening Saturday. The Petersburg Quadrille Class start their season next Wednesday night. We are informed that everything has been done to ensure the comfort of those who will attend, and we wish them success. Petersburg Football Club.—We would remind our readers who are followers and supporters of this manly game, that the season is to be opened shortly, and the annual general meeting is to be held at Barrett's Hotel to-night (March 24). Chair to be taken at 8 o'clock. A Meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr C. Giles will be held Wednesdy evening, at 7.30, at Barrett's Assembly Room, and, as notified in an advertisement appearing elsewhere, a good attendance is requested. The notice is short, but as several meetings are announced for the beginning of next week, the conveners thought it not advisable to delay matters. Petersburg Institute. — The usual monthly meeting of the Committee was held at the Secretary's Office, on Tuesday evening last. Present — Messrs Palmer, Holland, Osborne, and Limbert. Correspondence received from Public Library. The financial statement showed balance in bank and in hand £4 14s. 5d. as against liabilities amounting to about £6. Secretary reported that about £4 was expected in during the present month. Advertiser account (£1 3s.) passed for payment. The secretary was instructed to make arrangements for holding the annual meeting of subscribers in April, prior to which a special meeting of the committee to be called. Commenting on the handicaps in connection with the recent H. A. C. B. S. sports, held at Broken Hill, the Barrier Miner, says : " The work of the handicapper did not, however, satisfy one ped. who nominated. Mr. Cope on the ground showed a leather medal which he had received from a disgusted malcontent. On it were inscribed the words, ' To Mr H. Cope, with 'Tyro's' compliments.' ' Tyro's' nomination, it appeared was accompanied by a letter which contained an admirably piece of pleading for a long start ; but the handicapper disregarded the remarkable epistle and gave the Petersburg sport 6 yards. This highly incensed the sprinter, and in a letter to the secretary of the society he suggested that ' Mr. Cope should be immediately examined by a doctor on the subject of his mental condition.' He further offered the compiler of the handicaps the privilege of 'running off the 6 yards mark and seeing how he would get on.' " The Inspector-General of roads (Mr. C. T. Hargrave) returned to town on Saturday from the north. He' visited the Petersburg and Dawson-road, which had been reported dangerous, the new work to the Willochra-bridge, and the Willmington-road, travelled over the Wilmington and Laura road via Melrose and Wirrabara, visited the new bridge at Laura, the masonry of which is nearly complete, took notes of the wear and tear of the Gladstone and Yacka road caused by the railway works, inspected the Clare and Blyth-road, now very much cut up, and the roads in the Kadina and Clinton districts and the Moonta Corporation. All through his trip, which lasted eleven days, he found the weather uncommonly hot and dry.—Advertiser. Important to Farmer.—Particular attention is directed to the two meetings of more than ordinary interest to our agriculturalists, to be held at Petersburg on Tuesday next. At 3 p.m. Mr C. R. Fenwick, J.P., of Western Australia, will give an address on the resources of and inducements offered by that colony, in Barrett's Assembly Room. Mr. Fenwick's addresses have been listened to with interest by large meetings of farmers in other localities. In the evening, at 7.30, a public meeting will be held in Town Hall under the auspice of the agricultural bureau, at which papers with be read by Professors Lowrie and Perkins, and Mr A. Molineux. We hope to see a large attendance of farmers and others, it should be noted that ladies are particularly invited. A Chapter of Accidents.—On Monday, March 13th, at 6 p.m., Dr. Canny was called to the railway sheds to attend a man named Carter, who had just fallen into one of the pits. The doctor found him suffering from concussion, with two nasty cuts on back of the head and ear, and had him removed to his surgery, where he stitched up the cuts, and the patient is doing well. At 10 o'clock on the same date Dr. Canny was called by telegram to Yongala, to attend a Mr Travers, who had fallen from his horse on his return home from the races, and was found by Mr. Keough lying insensible in the middle of the road, about 4 miles from Yongala. Mr Travers was found to be suffering from severe concussion, bleeding from mouth and ear, his hair, was cut off and ice applied, the doctor remaining with him 6 hours, when he became conscious and was able to be removed home. Just as the Doctor was starting for the 10.40 p.m. train, a man named Cummins brought his boy to his surgery with a factured arm, but as he had to catch the train, he was unable to attend to him and advised his going elsewhere. On Saturday, 18th March, the Doctor was called on to attend a young man named Chapman, employed by Mr Alford at Dawson. The wheel of a wagon laden with wheat had past over his instep crushing the bones and causing a severe wound from the toes to the instep, which had to be stitched up. He remains still in Petersburg under Dr Canny's care, and is now doing well. To the Individualistic, Nationalistic, Iconoclastic, Dampulistic, and other Blooming Papier Mache Electors of Frome. Gentlemen,— I'm a candidate for parliament, so listen to my cry. Sometimes I'm called a woman old and hoary, I go in for female voting—my breadth of view denoting, But modesty and truth " is all my eye." You may think me indiscreet, because I want a seat In the Senate House, where I can get free grog ; The Electors can go to grass, when I get my free pass And two hundred quid to pay me for my prog. I may be a little vulgar, but that's no fault of mine, For through life I've had to fight my weary way ; Had not much time for schooling, or with grammar to be fooling, But in long words I can give points any day. It's a loud and crying evil, that those children of the devil (The pioneers who first spied out the land), Should be allowed to pick it over—and to pass their lives in clover, While poor " cockie " gets the mallee scrub and sand. Give each unemployed a section, taken up by free selection, From the choicest of the cursed squatters' lease ; Provide him then with ploughs, wagons, teams, and cows And a State Bank, whose issue ne'er shall cease, Never mind deposit into the Bank, becuse it Must never be allow'd to run dry. The Single tax I'd double, and to save all further trouble Float a fresh loan, and "wink the other eye." The Custom House burn down, make the land tax half-a-crown, From pastoral lands alone to be collected : Cast the Governor adrift, and if the Premier wants a lift, Why the great "I am" of Frome can be selected. In politics I'm a dab, the rich man's land I'd grab Great Cæsar's Ghost, (!") wouldn't it be fun ; No more need for brains, if I only get the reins. And now my friends I've finished Ann Dunn. 