LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. The man who cannot draw is ignorant of a common language that all should possess ; we need not aim at being Royal Academi cians, but that is no reason why drawing should he left to artists." This bit of plain sense is from " .Some Hints on Learning to Draw," by G.-W. Caldwell Hutchinson, Art. master to Clifton College ; an admirable text book, with illustrations by Lcighton, Watts, Poyntcr, Marks, and other eminent artists. Its practical course ot instruction being pro gressive, is useful to advanced as well as ele mentary students, and invaluable to those remote from teachers and schools of art. Old Jonathan Dymond, of Kxeter, an education reformer, used to insist it was not enough tor a subject to be useful; it must he the most useful that could be selected, before time was given up to it. As subjects multiply the value of this advice increases, and if there arc still people silly enough to look on drawing as a mere accomplishment, a perusal of Mr. Hutchinson's book will correct the fallacy and convince them that "the eye sees what the eye brings means of seeing," that observation is the faculty which feeds intelligence, and that to be able to draw is not to make marks on paper, but to render the mind sensitive to tho teaching of impressions by training the eye to value, the hand to record them, and the tongue to speak the universal "graphic language." Home Rule literature, after deluging the magazines, is now settling into volumes. In "A Leap in the Dark," Professor Dicey analyses the bill, contending that it is in reality a new constitution for tiie United Kingdom, and that instead of "closing a controversy, it will open a constitutional revolution." II. Marshall anticipates history with an imaginary chapter headed "The Great Betrayal," which works out the writer's prediction that in consequence of Mr. Gladstone's proceedings on the Irish question, Russia and France will conquer England, and that empire's power be trans ferred to Australia ! Mr. Bcerbohm Tree's lecture on "The Imaginative Faculty," recently delivered at the Roj'al Institution, is about to bo pub lished by Messrs. Elbrin Mathews and John Lane, with a portrait of Mr. Tree from a drawing by the Marchioness of Gran by. The same firm hu3 also in preparation "The Voiage and Travaillo of Sir John Maunde- . illc a series of Mr. Oscar Wilde's plays, commencing with "Lady Windormcro'a Fan ;" and a sumptuous edition of "Hero and Leandcr," by Christopher Marlowe and George Chapman, decorated with borders, initial letterpieccs and illustrations by Charles Shannon, and bound in English vellum and gold in a design by Charles Richelts. Messrs. Mathews and Lane rank high among firms devoted to the (esthetics of publishing and delight connoisseurs with their costly editions de luxe on handmade paper, with exquisite typography, quaint embellishments, and dainty covers. " The Hobbyhorse," a dilettante quarterly, sacred to critiques and pure literature, and having on its list of contributors some of the most famous artists and litterateurs of the day, is published by them. Prominent among new theological works arc Professor Oheyne's biographical and critical sketches of the "Founders of Old Testament Criticism;" and "A Literary History of Christianity," by the Rev. C. T. Cruttwoll, who has endeavored to avoid the technical point of view, and to submit his survey of early Christian literature as " embodying a chapter second to none in significance in the history of man's spirit, and contributing results of undying value to the » treasure- house of man's intelligence." Under the title of "Hypnotism, Mesmerism, and the New Witchcraft," Ernest Hart reprints the critical articles contributed by him to the Nineteenth Century and the British Medical Journal ; and Dr. Ocikiehas collected, under the heading of " Fragments of Earth Love," a number of most attractive geological and geographical essays. To those who were impressed by Professor Charles Pearson's arguments that the Mongolian will be one of the three surviving races in possession of the world, Mr. D. G. Boulger's "(Short History of China " will he particularly interest ing, David G. Ritchie publishes studies of "Darwin and Hegel," a first instalment of a series of essays on idealist evolutionism. In biography we have " The Life of Sir Morcll Mackenzie," by Mr. Hawcia, a publication whose tenour lias given great offence to the Mackenzie family; and "The Life and Enterprises of Ferdinand do Lcsscps," by G. B. Smith. There is a guinea edition of " Hie et Ubique," the varied reminiscences of Sir William Eraser; and Elizabeth Luther Carey has translated Francisquc Sarccy's " Recollections of Middle Life," in which the French critic displays with frank ness nnd humor some little known phases of French life. Percy Fitzgerald's handsome volume of " London City " has now a com panion in "London City Suburbs," which, with their plentiful illustration, provide a delightful souvenir lo everyone who knows and loves his London. Lieutenant-colonel Percy Groves, who may be called the soldier's author, is writing "Histories of the Scottish Regiments." The series is to extend to 17 volumes, of which the first, just published, is devoted to " The Black Watch." No regiment lias had a more distinguished career than the gallant 42nd Royal Highlanders, and tho heart of every true Gael will he stirred by this brief record. Tho illustrations, beautifully done in colors, arc by Harry Payne. Mncmillan has issued as a pamphlet Professor Huxley's " Evolution and Ethics," the Romanes Lec ture for 1893. It opens with an analogy, very characteristic of the great scientist between his subject and the story of "Jack and the Beanstalk," which is, lie says, a type of evolution. Critical literature has three notable con tributions this week — Edmund Gosso's " Questions at Issue," among the essays being one on "Tho Tyranny of tho Novel," and a skit on an election at the English Academy ; " Religio Foctao,'' by Coventry Patmorc ; and "Essays in London," by Henry James, the contents including Pierre Loti and Henrik Ibsen. Mr. James lias also published a new novel, "The Private Life." The beautiful border edition of the Wavcrleys lias reached 14 Ivan- hoe," and the twelve etchings in this volume are specially good. In his introductory essay Andrew Lang defends .Scott from the charges of anachronisms and inaccuracies. He thinks we can leave. Ruskin to talk about the " nonsense of Ivanhoe," and conjectures that perhaps Mr. Ruskin was never a hoy ! He gives some amusing specimens of contem porary criticisms of the story. To quote from ono— " 1'n a word, there is, throughout the work, a most shocking nnd shameless trifling with the tremendous name of the Groat Creator, and with the language and narratives of the Holy (Scriptures, which wo fear lias already done that sort of mischief in society that we do, in our conscience, believe the writer himself is as much disposed as any man to deprecate." From the Central Press Agency we have received "Diogenes' Sandals," a sparkling little holiday novelette, by Mrs. Arthur Ken- lutrd ; " WeVona," a romance of Australian domestic life, by Grace Langford, who is evi dently a novice, and may tell her next story with more discrimination and more sense of proportion; and a new edition of "Dr. PallMcrs Patient," by Grant Allen. " Wnvufieeto " is a clever ami exciting ghost story, by Christabol R. Coleridge. We are promised shor'ly "Homespun," by Annie S. Swan; 14 How I Knot my jlear.V an account of two yeais' tent life in Kullu and Lahoul, by Mrs. Ji. If. Tyaeke ; "Tales of New England," by Sarah Ornc Jewett; and " The First Supner," by Jonathan Sturges. Kate Douglas Wiggin. whose "Timothy's Quest" and other children's books have achieved so wide a popularity, lias issued in an eighteenpenny booklet, 44 The (Story of Patsy," a tale for little ones, written for the benefit of the free kindergartens in San Francisco. Among other books to hand arc : — The shilling edition of "A Perplexed Philoso pher," by Henry George (from Angus ami Robertson); "Reminiscences of a Midship- lime's Life from 1850-56," by Captain Cecil Slofine-Stanley, H.N., second edition (from Eden, Remington, and Co.); and 44 Thenso- phy Made Easy," by Major W. Hudson Hand, P. l.S. (from the J.hoosophical Litera ture Depot, Sydney). 