A BAPTISM OF FIRE. Bv Jeanettb Van Alstinx. ♦If^ENYON BLAKE sab in his luxurious IK office, chewiBg the end of his cigar and menially r.nabliemRti«ingbhe state of the Money Market, and the unreasonable and very inconvenient caution that had lately characterised even the moat reckless of speculators. Asa professional blower of bubbles, he had no patience with this timidity and caution in others ; and it was an unlooked-for exhibition of these undesirable qualities in a big fish, upon wh»m he had of late expended much eloquence and more cham pagne at several expensive luncheons, and whom he had believed to be fairly hooked, that had disturbed his usually placid temper. It was one of the rules of his self-indulgent Ufa to dwell as little as possible upon any thing disrgreeable, and to compensate him self for any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened the handsomely-fitted liqueur-case which is always so important a feature of the promoter's sanctum ; and, having pulled himself together ?vibh an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar— also an expensive brand — and sauntered out. By the time he had reached Leadenhall streeb he had completely banished his dis appointment from his thoughts, and in its stead had summoned before his mental vision an apparition that was eminently a pleasant one. To tell the truth, 'Bessie Langley's face and voice, and soft distinctive charm, had hauntodBlake pretby persisbently for a couple of months ; and it needed no great effort on his part bo conjure up her ima?e. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress of a lively board-meeting, when he needed all his con centration and adroitness — for Kenyon Blake's board-meetings were never tame, but frequenbly very stormy — he had been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural tequence to man of Blake's disposition, and in another minute he was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had bwo appointments, and one board - meeting that imperatively demanded his attention thab afternoon. Bessie was standing by the great north window when he came in, looking out upon the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the nwift gratitude of flowers, they had plucked up heart of grace under his genial smile, and, burning bheir backs upon bhe east wind, had resolved to bloom thoir sweetest. 'And what have you been doing lately? May I see ?' asked Kenyon, after she had poured him out a cup of tea which he swallowed with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. ' Nothing ; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle ; a very blight of laziness sesrns to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else ; I am nob in a work ing mood, as I told you. My brushes and I tire ' out,' as Will Carleton would say.' Poor Bessie ! The restlessness and disin alination for itcady work, that she called laziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element, that was creeping into her life, and to which she had nob become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet com prehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. She was, moreover, a reserved , and tender woman ; and bhe circumstances of her life had served to intensify this natural charac teristic. v . Motherless at 15, she- had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a simple-minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel New come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered jn a big garden in St. John's Wood.- He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent knew no bounds. He took her to Rome for two years, and from thence bo Paris, where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio thab was tho real heart- home of tho enthusiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to %ce his darling win her place upon the line ; and then faded gradually and painlessly oub of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette — Ninebte, the sharp - bongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little menage there, and who had begged to bo allowed to accompany them to England, rather than be parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died with him ; but Bessie's work ' brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. And so the years sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a niin, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing nor caring aught of the outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsus picious of its deeper needs; ' She would be charming if she were a woman,' a clever Frenchman had saiel of her bo Julian ; 'but, unfortunately, she is only an arbisb.' When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, ahehad shrunk from him with u curious instinctive feeling that was hardly strong enough to be dislike, but was perhaps bhe unconscious recoil of a spotless soul from the smirch and stain of the man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnet ism, all bis power of fascination and ustuto worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half unconscious antagonism, and to win her con fidence as well as her liking. Gradually, however, she crew to look forward to his visits, and,. ere, very long -it cauno to pass that many' summer mornings, found him swinging idly in the hammock'; that was slung across ' one corner of the studio, while she tried tp work, and drank in his words, all unepnscious of whither slid was drifting. 1Siake unfolded his schemes and plans to ner, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, . for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all he recounted there was a cleverly.managed glorification of himself, thab somehow left Bessie with the impression that someone else-had told her what a princely fellow was this generous, brave, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved, Sometimes his voice would be low,. and his eyos grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told. tale- pf an ^uncongenial mate ; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant successes diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself .'disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of th« woman he had. married.' All this was delicately conveyed of course ; more by implication, at first, . than by actual detraction, and with, many a skilfully-drawn conbrasb boat' was subtly flattering bo Bessie, who lisbencd and pitied — and loved ? Ah I yes. Love forced its way at lasb into bhe closed chambtrs of her iiearb, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest ha-mony under his tormenting tounh. and filling her eyes with the divine unvsit which isth'. Hrrt ef. the many penalbus thao we women pay for hip admission. But tine sweetness was -hort-li- k7, nnd, she realised the hopel«»!nc43 of thefutuio' Loyally -she wrestled w th the devil of rebel lion, as of old Jacob wrestled with bhe mes nonger of God ; and after a time victory .seemed to come. True, she could nob cast . out her love, but she could curb it, and turn it into the channel of friendship that should be the joy -of her ? life, and tbab woilM joerchance bo a comfort 'iftlfaiin »1*». Her heart ached for his lonclim-i*, and.fi.r the hideous mockery of his nmrriafto to a woman he did not love ; and she longed with all her generous, unselfish souV to brine tomo brightness into, his, bbgUtwl life. Ib tortured her to see that longing, hungry look in his eyes, :md the sad tones of Ins voice awakened in her all that protecting, semi-maternal tenderness that slumbers at the heart of every true woman. _ _ Alas, that so few women realise, until ib w too late, how terrible is the power of a man who has studied our sex, and who does not spnmlo to turn his knowledge to account ! From the first, the odds are against us ; for we are so oasily swayed by personal influences. Remorselessly he gathers the thousand little dainty filaments of ourwe*k nesses and foibles into bis hand, and twists them into a cable that binds us. In vain we struggle; wo cannot break ib; and those who muster sufficient courage to cut it atunder, find that they have dug the knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds thab perhaps may never heal. It is only a very abrong man who c»n resist using this power whon he has once, experienced bhe fascination of its exercise ; the cravings of his own passion bid him strive for victory at any price. And mosb assuredly Kenyon Blake had never been strong with such noble direngtb. Even as a young man, when the chivalric instincts, are keenest, he could rarely summon resolu tion bo draw the rein upon his inclinations ; and at forty he had an incurable flabbiness of moral fibre that was the natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. He watched poor Bessio's loyal struggles with a half cynical, half compassionate amusement. Poor little darling, how miserable and how wicked she felt ! W«ll, time and he between thom would cure that ; and then— ah, then he would teach her bo to live 1 And the mere thought of his coming triumph sent the blood surging hotly throHgh his veins. Bessie had grown _, 1_ ,- ? 1 1. ~ Iam.J 1.AH very ucar tu nun, aim *iw iuicu m;i with th» truest love of which his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyorrs fault ; for, auch as it was, it was the best ho had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; andone July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall sbems as thoy listened unwillingly to a story that should never have been told ; and tho dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and adozen other com plex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered and uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and Bessie knew. But the hand of tho conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passion but the love of her art, was struggling to life at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of fire into her heart. To all strong-hearted women the birth of passion is a bewilderment; a torture of sweetness that, leaves tho will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from oub the world, bub the Prospero who has evoked the storm. 'No, we shall nob part,' he broke in upon her murmured protest. ' It is useless bo tell me not to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature is stronger than you are, Bessie ; stronger than I am. Do you think / have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that havo assailed you ? And with the same result. You have tried to casb oub this dream from your hearb; but, dear, you cannob. Night) and day bhe sweet, insistenb bormenb has clung to you, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced — not meant) to be renounced. No, you shall not speak — 'as she tried bo stop the words thab tortured her — 'I know what you would say, and I will nob listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would find no place in your heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile. social laws, and ineffectual barriers ? Follow tho voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest bo me. Do nob speak ; look up inbo my face, and leb me read those true eyes ! Come, Bessie ; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life — for ever !' His voice was husky with passion, and the arms he held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions he had ever.known. ' I cannot, I cannot,' she faltered, with a sob in her voice. ' Yet you love me ! I feel you do ; while I— my God ! child, I worship you ! You drive me mad with your quiet, cool ways and tender ayes ! Tell me, dear,' he wenfc on more quietly, ' had I been free would you have answered differently 1 Would you havo been- my wife?' ' Ah ! Kenyon.' ' Say, would you V ' Yes,' very softly. ' My sweet !' And in a second she was in his arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and oheek— kisses that burned deep into nor soul, and sent bhe blood of a new life shivering and tingling through her veins. For a moment (he wonder of this new bliss that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot the struggle that was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in bhe fubure. 'No, sweetheart, let me hold you so,' as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embrace, ' while we reason a little together. If you would havs married me, why . should you hesitate to ; come to me now, why cloud your lifo and mine with bhis chimera of bhe world ? Can you nob love me more bhan the world ? What , is its verdict to you or tome? I know you so well, my white darling, my pure-soulerl Bessie ! Is it not enough for you that I understand and reverence you ? Can you not trust me? Is nob your love strong enough for this?' ' It is not that. I could trust you, Ken yon. I do no* care what others would think,' she answered, brokenly; 'but we | both owe something to another law. We have no right to bring sorrow on your wife.' ' Hush, child ! You ara speaking of what you do not understand ! For years my wife and I have been the merest acquaint ances—hardly friends even, and the littlo time we spend together is almost always disagreeably spent. How should you under stand ft cold, coarse, jealous nature like hers — you, who are so tender and so fine? And ? yet she is s good woman in her impassive way ; but we are like oil and water. Yov. are my true mate, the wife of my soul, tho .one woman whose every thought, and impulse is responsive to my own. Ah ! I could do great things with you always beside me to bo my 'inspiration— my Egeria ! See !'— taking her passive hand in his — 'in the hollow of bhis dear hand lies my life I You can make ib Heaven or boll for me, Bessie ! My love, my love' — his voice broke— ' uso your power mercifully I Do nob be hard upon us bobh; for you know you cannot condemn me to misery without suffering yoursolf ! Ib was piteous bo see her vacillation and uncertain by— hers who had always been so strong and so prompt. But a volcano had suddenly broken forth amid tho cool green pastures of her lifo, burying all her land marks under, its lava flow, and driving hor to a fate that she was powerless to resist. A strange sense of calm, and peace, and happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and fears of tho lasb few weeks. Everybhing appeared to Bessio under a new aspect, and she sang blithely as she painted. For sho had entered, her Land of Boulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-craving hearts. Ah mo, that ibs boundaries are so narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the I dark waste of disenchantment I At first | the had blamed herself bitterly for baying \ striven against Kenyon so lonjf. Since she loved him, why had she tried to erect barriers against him, and to shut him out, into the loveless cold of bho world whence he had com» to seek her? Tho.se barriers, too, had been built of selhsli ne.-», of contemptible fear* for herself, of an unwomanly luck of generosity in her. But, all that was past now ; 'Jho had tasted the joy of self-abnegation, of Helf-ellacementbhat it the heart of love ; and sho knew that the work she had to do in this world was the delightful task of makiiighw Kenyon happy. That was the true morality of love, and all tlie rest was empty nonsense invented by a foolish world that did not know how to be thankful for its own blessings. Sho looked back, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had known Kenyon ; and with the grand triumphant bones of her life-music pealing in her ears, bhose far-off days seemed like dumb notes in bhe song. Ib was nob unbil long afterwards that she realised that they were rests ; rests which, though they are not music, 'have the making of music in them.' ' Do you really love me, Bessie ?— love me well enough to be quite happy, just because I love you and we belong bo each other!' Kenyon said to her ono day. She nestled yet more closely to Kim, and silently laid her fine soft fingers on his cheek ; for she was shy of words ab times with the only man she had ever loved, this woman of seven'and-twenty. Apparently the pretty action satisfied him— for a time at least. 'And I'm no good, dear,' he went on, a little sadly; 'a queer, eccentric sort of fellow : never doing anything I dislike, and never denying myself a thing I want— a se'.rUh brute. But I never yet went back on a friend or gave up a scheme I had promised to carry through. Tho world would tell you, and tell you truly, that I am not fit bo ask for any good woman's love ' — ib was one of Kenyon Blake's mosb dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon a« quite a reckless candour and frankness ; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever wore bhe livery of Ananias !— ' bub I worship you, Bessie And though I have loved scores of oth ! women, and have been loved by them, ne er one has had the power to move me as you ver you sweet, sweet girl I' do, The monbhs sped by almosb unnobiced by Bessie, who, once the great plunge had beon made, had forgotten all her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without) saying ; for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, Bhe had tried to descend to Kenyon's level, having found ib impossible to raise him to hers. And things had not prospered with Keyon. A financial blight had fallen on the City, and he could find no scope for his . persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, he was not sufficiently a [jrntle man to wear a shabby coat, with ease ; and having expensive habits, it was nob long, before he exhausted not only his own resources but also those of his friends who' were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all hie ventures soon knew of his embarrassments, and tried bo stem the tido with her little store. Konyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties and fifties, the slender bank account grew less. And Ninebte banged her pans about more viciously than ever, and drove the dustmen, whom she held in especial abhorrence, to the verge of suicide. And as the spring ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on the Continent for a year, signified her intention of spend ing the season in London, and desired Kenyon bo look oub some suitable house for her. The request with its consequent expenditure, staggered him, bub as his wife was always the .last person to whom h« wished his difficulties to be known, ho trusted, with the truo gamblers spirit, to some lucky coup to set him sbraighb, and prepared bo receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the firsb bime grew jealous. He had been so wholly hers, bhab she had at bimes almost forgotten thab other claim— and now ! In vain Kenyon assured her of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice caused him ; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, he devised a whim sical cure, and contrived a plan wheroby Bessie should see his wife and judsre for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely success ful. Bessie had been prepared to hato tho waman whom she had wronged, and whose very existence had wrecked all bhe sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood bhab nestle ab the hearb of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a weary-looking woman whoso.eighb-and-thirby years sab heavily on her, and, without bein-r 6tout. she pave the impression of weight and . thickness by reason of her unelastic tread and the clumsy contour of ankles and wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and uncon sciously one expected to see her in tho costume of the early seventies — a costume one felt thab had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker oould bring her up to date, or hide thab fatal inborn dowdiness before which even Felix and Worth would have confessed them selves powerless. To Besaie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something pathe tic in this ;. and as she noticed how the supplementary- twist of bright gold empha sised the fadedness of the once- pretty bair, she was filled with a half contemptuous pity. This sad, colourless woman, who looked as though all the glad generous blood had turned to water in her veins, and who bore a whole tragedy of broken hopes and wistful straining after 'he love she had lost — if, indeed, she had ever had it— in her dim, white lashod eyes, could never again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, wibh his reabless energy and full pulsing vitality, his quickness and activity of thought and body, sought bhe world over for a more uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon his career, ib is doubtful whebher he could have found one. As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before thab it was she who was indeed his brue wife— the wife of his soul, as he had said ; but somehow there was a ting* of bitterness in her joy bhab she did nob under stand. Ib was just after this that Kenyon went suddenly to Paris to. try and tilt bho scales of iortunein favour of one of his schemes that was trembling in the balance. Ho was almosb penniless; bub wibh the sublime audacity bhab was one of the factor* of his success wibh women, he posed bhere as a veritable Paladin of finance; and ib was from bhe Hotel Continental that Bessie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her unexaotine tonuornesB. With tho fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacrifice thab distinguished her, she fretted over her lover's iinpeouniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of her saleablo sketches and jewellery, sent him Ji ve.crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and rain to save the threepence thaii on omnibus would have cost her. 't. When he returned he had thegraco to feel aahnmcd''whcn he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen on Bcsaio'a fingor. Hitherto she had, with delicato tact, selncted things which she wore bub seldom j but these had all gone, ' Will you love mo the less thab my hands are bare ?' she asked, laughing ; ' you silly boy, to fuss about such a briflo'!' AndHheu he talked in his large way of the magnificent things he was going to do in Hie near future, until Bwfie began to blanu herself for not hnv ing sufficiently uppreeiateil the privilege of donying herself the neces saries of life, and to feel that.hor poorJiltle hundrotla must seem very paltry to this princely hero others ! But. worse wns to como ; and a few months nfterwiirils Bessie stood for tho last time by tho great north window o^f her studio, and ' looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. ] Some of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying ! home to roost, and the furnished house that ! ho had taken had to be paid for ; writs had '. been isHiied ; and altogether matters looked , ugly for him. j Bessie's course had been prompt, and tho pretty cottage had been transferred to an ? artist who had long coveted it. Everything was packed ; everything ready for her doparture ; and poor Ninette was ? shivering patiently out in the gusty hall, and wishing that Madame would remember that the marketing had yet to bo done before lii«y could think of settling down to rest in the dingy Thayer-street lodgings whither j they wore bound. And already it was nearly four, and the gloomy .December afternoon was drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exultation of sacrifice, and tho keen, sweet pleasure of being of use to the man she loved. Was it not to tide him over a disastrous moment, and .to keep a roof aver his wifo's head, bhab she had converted everybhing available into ready e»sb. ? Ab, and the delight of doing ib! And ib was with a smiling face and happy heart thab Befsie Langlcy passed oub of her home. Jusb before «he reached bhe gate a tew unneucca twigs or common honesty,' whicli had snrvived thus late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attention, and with an impulse of pleasure, shestooped | to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her hand touched them, the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among j their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air ! Nearly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung in bus of the gallorics of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, and bore in one corner the initials ' E. L.' A woman clothed in sad-coloured garments stood erect in the centre of a woodland path, and gazed straight oub at the spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feeb, and. bho bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. The very_ spirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of. colour in the. canvas — a scarlet letter that gtoweu ana Dtirnect upon une woman's Dreasc — the A of the Puritan adultress. ? But it was not Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as. her. judges ? saw.her; but Hester, the despairing.woman, ) alone among the ruins of her love, crushed; and dazed by the cowardly defection of the ' man who had been her god, her conscience, her ideal of all thab was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of her world; had given way, and everything was tottering, -nnder her ; for ho had failed her. And since he was false, what was there left for her to cling to ? ' It is quite -heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. . Lesber ?' a prebby girl had said to Dudley at the private view ; ?' but, Mr. Gurnctb was mistaken when he said that Mies Langley had been her own model. Ib isn't her fr.ee at all.' And bhe man had murmured, under his ?breath, ' No ; ib is only her soul !' Soon after Bessie had lefb Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointmont in Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was inberested. His expenses were to be paid, bhe salary was good, and ho was bo receive a considerable sum. before his departure. ' ' So you see, little girl, we are coming out all right; and in a few months I shall buy out that fellow who has gob your little place, and you shall have a studio of your own again,' he said, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few days before ho sailed, Bessie whose uncalculating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as togivc, told him vhat she was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon money that sho had raised for him ab various times. It was the firsb time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering ; and probably she would nob have done so had he nob previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him ! within the week. But sho had not reckoned the new clothes there wore to buy, the dinners there were to give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for bhe voyage, and the dozen other far more important claims io exhausb his monoy than bho daily needs of bhe woman who had beggared herself for him. _' Of course, I had thought of that, and will see to it before I leave Don't worry or j fret, for everything is coming straight at lasb.' And his answer had been sufficient to satisfy Bessio's trustful heart. Towards evening of the dav before hi* doparture, after she had waitod for him all day, a telegram came : ' Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa. Sail ab eleven. So sorry.' Sick ab heart, ab losing him, Bessie seb out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. ' I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all righb. I shall : send you more bho minute I land, so don't! worry, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy I ab leaving you, but it will only be for a few 1 months, and then I'll show you, how much I ! love you ! ' And foolish BeBsie , became hopeful onco I more, and her sad face grew less white and ! drawn gs she clung trustfully to the coward '? hand that had. despoiled her. . i Mr. Towers replied to Bessie's guarded i letter in terms of strictest politeness, and j regretted thab Mr. Blake had nob given him ' instructions to acb for him in any way ; but tie inclosed that gentleman s address, and expreesod tho opinion thab any communica tion addressed direct to him would receive his attention. Time crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninette came perilously near starvation ; for Bessie found it was more difliculb to sell her work whon she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers in her own studio, 6ince oven doalers are not above being influenced by the surroundings of their customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn hope of the gently-reared poor — teaching; and trudged bravely ' through the wintry streets to give her lessons. At the end of bhree monbhs she received, through Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. It was tho last communication Bessie ever recived from tho man for whom she had sacrificed and suffered so much ; although she learned. from various sources thab he wus f-aulbles8ly clothed as ever, and spending his money with all the old open- handed princely generosity— upon himself. Some women babble of bheir sorrows to whosoever lends an ear, and so find comfort ; but Beisiti was not one. of. these, and even to Ninebte Bhe had . never spoken Kenyon's, namo. Into her pioburo, she breabhed the chaos of her soul. It was her one dumb protest and appeal— the one silent expression of her anguish. Some years have passed since Elizabeth I4angley oxhibited the picture which made her famous ; and she is now one of the most eagerly-sought-after women in London ; for it in only in novels thab hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do nob live outaide the pages of the romancer. But Busaie is 'Bessie' no longer; tho soft diminutive does not fit the queenly woman who bears hor statelier namo in full. She is gentle in manner as of yore, with tho added grace of the finished worldling. But tho true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she has passed through her Baptism of Fire, and learned her lesson of life ; and it has left her impassive, and scornful, and coldly cynical at hoarb.— Abridged from Vanity Fair. 