"HOlV SHALL i'lE DEC:IDE TIlS QUESTION." Noro, twhick is the worst--'o khee no ,ppe'iS tar your dinoer, or to haes 'o dinaer ke yi ur rtpp'tile ? STher are lots of people on the oe side or ie other of this qiuestio. \When "good dignstion waits on appetite and health on both,:' tllat is the ideal attitude of a Iersao awards his meals. lBut most of us are not blessed in that way: we eithler have too mucl food without an appetite, or oa vi-'oos appetite without enough to satisfy it. Dilffer eat folk will answer this questios differently, yet tihe common sense of it is that, withii, reasonaulle limlits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinnuer, because, slolt ol the starvation line, a hungry man is a Ihealthy mrau: whereas a itlan who Ilought to eat aitd doeso't feel like eating, staods in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. \Verecently reclived a com munication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat ' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did hiis inature rebel against the rourishoment livedl on? If tihe latter, wily? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In thle year 1819 I changed imy work from rail'ity porter to sigalmuan. 1 hail been signalman twelve inontis, sand then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that irditary articleos of diet seemued to lose their flavut ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to lhave notlhing to say to them. One thintg was like another, anld none was good. My tongue was coatedl and furred, with a dark line down tihe iiidd'e and yellow fur round it. My breathl was offensive aniL ny appetite pooat, with pains tllrough the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten ianything. Theni I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in tny throat, and act as if it wouald choke ne." We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to dojustice to his meals. He adds that there was lwhat ihe calls a "pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with stone sharp instrument. Then, again, at tines hie wa~s tttacked with spasms, the agonyof which wan I so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says, "the tlhought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I iwas ofraid to eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if soimething was going to haTppeiin, and this cauased me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he nmeans by the fear of "sometling going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamiticy, suchl as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as hie intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood(the life hearer), his unstrang nerves, and to the broii enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts aod guobllis, the creatures of a restless and un goverued imuagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and a family da pending otn me. So I struggled on, but what SsuQ arel for over two years is past my powers Sof description. I am sutre no o t has oauflredl so much as I have done. ' In the latter statement ihe is uondoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, anid is always hIarder to bear than is one's notion of his iieighlour's pain. There is ai countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to coae in touch with them. \Vell, the writer finally mentioes that after all medical treatment had left him where it found himn he chanced to read in a book of a cuse eacuty like his own having been cured Iby Mother Seigel'a Syrup. " .My wife," he says, "got me a hottle at Mr. Langstaff'a, in \l'odlesford, and after using its conutents tihe ailnent left me, and bas ltever returned since that fortunate day. I should like the lwhole world to know whalt it did for mie. I have been employed by tihe Midland Railway Com panty for eleven years. (-Signedl "GcEORGE HUNT, Car iottom Road. "Apperley Biridge, near Leeds." Wepublish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in noider that part of the world at least imasy know how' thankful he is and for what reason. 