AGRICULTURAL SHOWS. [B. TK-EGn-pr.., (mon ODE con_-iro----rr.) COROWA, THURSDAY. The rain ceased last night and left an oii.ovo.uly fine day for the show the result being a large attendance. The chief business was the judging of miscellaneous horses, some of which were of fair quality In the jumping contest Mr George Clark, of Corowa riding Prodigious received a heavy dull, and was much in need The chief judges were - Merino sheep Messrs J W Belcher and Jos Stone blood and miscellaneous horses, Mr R Grice cattle, Mr G Mackay draught horses Mr J H Imbi} Mr W J Lyne Minister of Public Works and Messrs Hayes and M Gowan, MAIL An presented Parliament The following prizes were awarded - F. Iff jump Mr J i TVallaco s Probation 1 Mr M Innes's horse " Mr. M alla c s 1 out No. 3 Single buggy horse Mr James and inks, 1 Mr H J Bart eli Mr - 1 finale 3 Pair buggy horses Mr H Shipard 1 and its wintry 3 Pair of carriage his son Mr G F Morris I Mr H T Wh at 2 Pair of buggy armies Mr H H Haines 1 Mr A G Berwin 2 Pair of Galloways Mr (-C Cox Tour in find Mr H 1 "we left > ration s turnout Sir I 1 Slibard 1 farmer a single trap Mr L Leiden anders and Gin Gin jump Mr li Ila; NARRANDERA, TmntsriAY The second day's judging in connection with the Narrandera Pastoral and Agricultural Association Annual Show was held to-day on the society's grounds The weather was beautifully fine and there was a large attendance, 2500 persons but g presents Everything passed off satisfactorly, and the show was pronounced a great success. The following awards were made - There ghosts stallion Mr. H. M. Devlin s Somerset, by Marlbvrno Keepsake 4 am. champion Messrs Hamilton Brothers Welseley 2 of ii entries There gb. bred mare Mr F Seppings Darkness by Sunrise Bcamp I and champion Blood mare 3 years At r Y Sepping a car eping Jane Draught stallion 3 years Mr Campbell iK na David, by David (imp) Australia May I and champion draught mare Mr A D Ben and Annie marie by Topsail (imp)-rnneess Royal, 1 and champion Best pair of plough horses Mr A D) Rowan Fair of buggy horses 15 hands Mr J F AV11 Inns Mr Albert Mack " Pair t burst horses 14 hands Dr Mitchell Tlir of buggy pony under 14 hands Dr Fox 1 Mr M Cohen 2 Single I horse in harness driven in a buggy Mr F V Woodbines Darebin Maid 1 Mr J 7 Hines s Jack 2.10 entries fringe bore driving a sulky Mr F W -Woodbine Darebin Maid I Mr P W Lorimer 2 eight entries Gentleman's back Mr T Johnson Gentleman slight weight hackney Mr. "Newton I Messrs Hamilton Brothers " Lady s hackney ridden by a 1 lady Mr H L Colley a toll for 1 Messrs Hamilton Brothers Beadsman Tony back over 1. bands Mr T Newt, in Hardfare 1 sK entries I my lines; under 12 1 an Is Mr H D Adams v Miss four entries Hunter, can mg 12st over three 4ft jurors Messrs Hamilton Brothers Audacity 1 Air J Verdon s Echp e Mr T. Gibson Gold Top 1 eight entries Maiden jumper over hurdles Mr H Dcmpers Seoptro 1 Messrs. Hamilton Brothers Beadsman Air J W Lee ? Fidget, S M entries. High Jump carrying list Mr J Vera m s Feel pse 1 Messrs Hamilton lli-ot-iTs* Audacity 2 four entries Jumping pony Mr H D Adams 3 and 2 Best late s an 1 gentleman's hack Mr C Culler s pair of bats six entries Best lady rider Miss Pearse Four-in- hand turnout Mr Albert Mack, 1 Air J H ne, . Amateur driver of four In lan l team Mr A Mack Best sheep- dog tried in the case in a 1 Brodie s sluts Queen and Lady 1 and 2 Air T Kernan 3 S) entries 1 or terrier 2 g Mr Harry Allen shot Mr 0 Eldrid 2 Pointer dog and that Mr J F Willans Greyhound Mr llotilcts slut, 1 Air Mr Jo kins 2 ht- Bernard d g Mr J T Williams T sultry class prize-winners were Messrs. G I Mann John Hodge Alaanlng Ireland and White Best big of wheat Air Arm Davis Best The a en chair Mr W Cr uckshsnks best collection of vegetables Mr J - H are Best sample of butter Mr It Hopwood The entries of agricultural produce were very small The other lbs In the Industrial class were more mines us than last year and were much admired TI e Narrandera C Crispo Court I a splendid display of vehicles and book first prize In even section There were seven entries Mr G Cummins of a nllongong had a good collection and was highly commended Best collection of agricultural implements Ales 14s T Robertson and C 1 Messrs Hudson Uri « . TV Innmvor Messrs T Robert on an 1 C E Alcorn N irholson and Co Six entries trip per Messrs J Nicholson and Cpl Messr HuUonBris " in reef arrow plough Messrs Motors fire s Seven entries A wool press Messrs T Moholson an I Co 1 Messrs. Hudson Bros 2 Five entries Travelling chaffcutter Messrs Swan and Co 