Chafteb IV. Toplncfctlieeffoniine? And of ttane own ?iH, FaQveO I feel than wouMst not leave me. The sunshine of « summer morning, stream ing in through muUiotted windows that looked due south, raised Joamta'B spirits and dis persed her fears. Itwaa impossible to feel depressed under such a sky. She had been wafcef al for a considerable part of the night, brooding upon that ghostly footstep which bad sent each a Hidden chill to ber warm young heart, but that broad clear light of morning brought common sense. 41 1 dawBay- it was only some love-sack housemaid, roaming about after all the others had gone to bed, in order to have a quiet think about ner sweetheart, and what he said to ber last Sunday as they went borne from church. I know how I used to walk about with no company bat tny thoughts of you, Godfrey, and how sweet it used to be to go over all vour dearest words — over and over again— and no doubt the heart of a boosemaid ia worked by just the s&me; machinery that set soiae going — and her thoughts would follow the same track.' 'That ifi what we are taught to believe, dearest, in this enlightened age.' 'Why sfaopU it be a ghost ?* pursued Jnanita, leaning back ia her bamboo chair, and lazily enjoying the summer morning, somewhat languid after a sleepless night. They were breakfasting at the western end of the terrace, with an awning over their heads, and a couple of footmen travelling to and from the house in attendance upon them, and keeping respectfully out of earshot be tween whiles. The table was heaped with roses, and the waxen chalices of a great 'mag nolia on the lower level showed above the marble balustrade, and ehed on almost over, powering perfume on the warm air. 'Why should a ghost come now?' she asked, harping upon her 'morbid fancies. ' There has never been a hint of a ghost in all the years that father and mother have lived 'Onle» what, love?' ' Unless one of the Stransways died last night — at the very moment when we heard the footfall — died in some distant land, per haps, and with hie last dying thought visited the place of his birth. One has heard of snch things.' 'One has heard of a great many strange things. The human imagination is very in ventive.' ' Ah, you. are a sceptic. I know. I don't think I actually believe in ghosts— bat F*m afraid of being forced to believe in them. Oh, Godfrey, if it were meant for a warning !' she cried, with sudden terror in tbe large dark eyes. ' What kind of warning ?' ? * A presage of misfortune— sickness — death. I have read so many stories of such, warnings.' *' My dearest love, yon have read too ranch rubbish in that line. Your mind is full of morbid fancies. If tbe morning were not too warm, I should say pat on your habit and let us go for a long ride. I am afraid this sauntering life of ours is too depressing for yoa.' ' Depressing— to be with you all day ! Oh, ( iodfrey, you must be tired of me if you can suggest Buch a thing. ' ?* Bar, my Nlta, when I see yoa {riving yourself up to gloomy speculations about ghewsts and omens. 'Oh, that means nothing. When oue has a very precious treasure one must needs be full of fears- Look at misers, how nervous they arc about their hidden gold. And my treasure is more to me than all the gold of Ophir — infinitely preciotiE.' She sprang up from her low cliair, and leaned over the back of his to kiss the broad brow which was lifted up to meet those cling ing lips. ' Oh, my love, my love, I never knew what fear meant till I knew the fear of partinc from you, she replied. ?' Put on your habit, Nidi. We will go for a ride in spite of the sun. Or what do yoo say to driving to Dorchester, and fi terming Sir. Dalbrook about Skinner's bill of dilapida tions-' Her mood changed in an instant. 'That would be capital fan,' she cried. ' I wonder if it is a breach of etiquette to lunch ' A fig for etiquette. Thomas, order tbe phaeton for half-past eleven.11 'What a happy idea,' said Ju^nita, 'a long, long drive with you, and then tbe fnn of aeeing how yoa get an with my strong-minded cousins. They pretend to despise everything that other girls care far, don't yon know— and go in for literature, science, politics, everything intellectual, in short— and I have seen them sit and nurse Darwin or Buckjg for a whole evening, while tiiey baye talked of gowns and bonnets and other girls' '-fiirta-: tions.' ' Then they are not such Roman maidens as they affect to be V -Far from it. They wfll take the pattern of my frock with (fair eyes before ^ I have been in the room ten nunntea. Just watch I^wm«*ican keep my eyes off yon.' JoamS ran away to change ber whitepwg n0ir^a\ra3king dresa, a»d reappeared iu Sanhoar^ta^dr^dyfor^dn^ ?'How dbjoo bkeiny fm«t'-«e ?'*«. poaag hetKlTta front of her husband, and 'grfe-S-S Indian ^k, rtol bodice fitted the tall supple figure like b glove ; the sleefes were loose «nd«hort, tied care ailv »t tbe elbow with a broad sattn nbbon, LS the lone Suede glows matched the gown w ttenteft shade. Her bat was Leghorn, broad enooffb t» shade her eyes from the sun, 2h enough to add to ber importance, and S,t op on one aide Trith & boach of dnU yettow blrley md » few _cornfl°*-**. whore Vivid hue was repeated u- a duster of the same flowers embroidered on one sule of the bodice. Her Urge uunahade was of the same SkS her gown, and that -was also em broidered with cornflowers, » stray blosson flung here and there with an accidental air. 'My love, ycu look as if you had Btepped out of a fashion book. ' I suppose I am too smart, said Joanlta with an inipatient sigh ; ' and yet my colour ing is very subdued. There is only that tonch of blue iu the cornflowers— just Hie one hish light in the picture. That is the one raw-back to country life. Everything really pretty seems too smart for dusty roads and Teen lanes. One must be content to grope one's obscure way in a tailor gown or a. cotton frock all the year ronnd. Now this vroold be perfection for a Wednesday in Hyde Park, wouldn't jt *' ' Uydirling, his charming. «-y should you not be prettily dressed under this blue summer sky '. Yon can sport your tailor gowns in winter. Von are not a whit too smart for me, Nita. You are only too lovely. Bring your dutcloak, and you may defy tbe perils Celestine, lady Cannichael's French-Swiss maid, was in attendance with the dnst cloak, an ample wrap of ecru silk and lace, doud like, indescribable. This muffled the pretty gown from top to toe, and Nita took her seat in the phaeton, and prepared for a longer drive and a longer talk tban they bad bad She was pleased at the idea of showing off her handsome young husband and her new frock to ihoseadvaDcedycungladies, wbohad affected a kind of superiority on tbe ground of what she called ' heavy reading,' and what they called advanced views. Janet and Sophia hid accepted Lady Cberiton's inrita tions'witUnward protest, and in their appre hension of being patronised had been somewhat inclined to give themselves airs taking pains to impress opon their cousiB' that She was as empty-headed as she was beautiful, and that they inhabited an intellectual plane for u-fticn she had no soling ladder. She bad put up with such small tarabbings in tbe sweetest way, knowing alljthe time thatju the Kilgg&r; able Joantta OaTbraok, U CBieritftn phSES and one of Ike debzlante4?U'ntee-(kaiges Sid been sung in Jill the .ewitty pipeij, shefc habited a social plane as far beyond their reach, as their inteFIectnal. plane might be above hers. 'I don't suppose we shall see Theodore, said Juanita, as the bays bowled merrily alone the level road. The erevs were getting a. rest after yesterday's work, and these were Lady Cberiton's famous barouche bones, to vhom the phaeton seemed as a toy. ' He must have gone to Heidelberg before now.' 'He mast be fond of Heidelberg to be running off there when it is ho jollyjat home.' *' He was there for a year, you know, before he went to Cambridge, and he is always going back tbere or to tbe Hartz for his holidays. I sometimes tell him he is half a German.' She rather hoped that Theodore was in Germany by this time ; and yet she had as sured herself in her own mind that there could be no pain to him in their meeting. She knew that be had loved ber — that in one rash boor, after a year's absence in America, when he had not known, or had chosen to forget, the state of affiuns between ber and Godfrey, he bad told berof bis love, M-dbad asked her lo give him hopu It was before her engagement , hat she was not the less frank in confessing her attachment to Godfrey. ' I can never care for anyone else,' she said ; ' I have loved him all ray life.' . All her life ! Yes, that was Theodore's irri parable loss. While he, tbe working man, had been grinding out his days in the tread mill round of a country solicitor's office, the yoong patricun had been as free as the butter Dies in Juanlta's rose garden ; free to woo her all day long, free to sh.re ter most' trifling pleasures and sympathise with her lightest pains. What chance had the junior partner in Dalbrook and Son against Sir Uodfrey Canuichael of Suirhin, Priory? TUeoilore had managed his life so well after that one biuer rebuff %haX Juanita had a right to suppose that his wound ha4 lieuled, and that thrpain of that hour bad been for gotten. She was sincerely -attached to him, as a kinsman, and respected him more tban any other young man of her acquaintance. Had not Lord Cheriton, that admirable judge of cliiracter, declared that Theodore was one of the cleverest men be knew and only re gretted that he had not attached himself to the higher branch of the law, as the more likely in his case to result iu wealth and1 fame? - 1 1 Tba pbaeton drove up to tbe old Hanoverian doorway as St. Peter's clock chimed the quarter after one. Theoldman-servaatlooked sjrpdsed at this brilliant vision of a beaiiti fin girl,* fine pair of hones, a smart groom, and Sir Godfrey CannichaeL The tout ea txmWc was almost bewildering even to a man accnetoined to see the varions conveyances of j netgfaboazing landowners at bis master's door. ' Yes, tny lady, both the yoong ladies are , at home,' said Brown, and led the way up- j stairs with unshaken dignity. He had lived in that boose-five-and-ihirty yean, beginning as ehoe-bl&ck; and emnd boy, and he wasprondto bear his master tell his friends how he had risen from the ranks. H* had indulged in some mild philaaderingB with I pretty pa-rioar-maida in, Ae days of his youth, trat had never serioosly entangled him self, and was a confirmed bachelor, aad some thing of a misogynist. He was a pattern of honesty and conscientiousness, having no wife and family to be maintained upon broken victuals and illuminated with filched candle ends or stolen aSL He had not a tangle interest outside his master's house, hardly so mnch as a thought ; and the glory and honour of ' the family1' were hU honour and glory. So as be ushered Lady Canniehael and her husband to the drawing-room be was medi tating opon what additions to the luncheon he oaold suggest to cook which might render that meal worthy of such distinguished guests. Sophia was seated by one of the windows painting an orchid in a tall Venetian vase. It was a weakness with these clever girls to think they could do everything. They were not content with Darwin and the new learn ing bnt they painted indifferently in ofle and in water-colours, played on various instru ments, sang in three languages, and fancied themselves invincible at lawn- tennis. The orchid was top-hea*y, and had been tumbling out of the vase every five minutes in a manner that had. been very trying to the artasts's temper, and irritating to Janet, who was grappling with a volume of Johann Mufler. in the original, and losing herself in a labyrinth of words beginning with ver aud ending with heiL They both started up from occupations of which both were tired, and welcomed their visitors with a show of genuine pleasure ; for although they had both been very determined in their resistance to anything like patronage on Juanita's part when she was Miss Dalbrook they were glad that she should be prompt to recognize the claims of kindred now that she was Lady CannicfaaeL 'How good of you to come,' exclaimed Janet, ' I didn't think you would remember iis, at such a tune.' 14 Did you think I must forget old friends because I am happy?' said Jnanita. 'But I mufin't take credit for other peeple's vir tues. It was Godfrey who proposed driving over to see you.' '* I wanted to show you what a nice couple we make,** said Sir Godfrey gaily, drawing his bride closer to him, as they stood side be side, tall and straight, and glowing witii youth and gladness in the middle of the grave old drawing-room, 'You young ladies were not eo coosinly as your brother Theodore. Ton didn't drive to Cheriton to welcome us home.9* ' If Theo had told us what he was going to do we (should have been very glad to be there too,' replied Sophy, ' but he rode off in the morning without saying a word to anybody.' ** He is in Germany by this time, I suppose?' said Jnanita. 'He is downstairs in the office His port manteau has been packed for a week, I believe,*' explained Janet. ** bnt there is always book fresh business to prevent his etarting. My father relies upon him more every day.' 'Dear, good Theodore, he is quite the devereetman I know,' taid Juanita, without the slightest idea of disparaging her husband, whom she considered perfection. ** I think he must be very much like what my father was at his age.' ' People who are in a position to know tell as that he is exactly what his ota father was at that age,' said Janet, resenting this attempt to trace her brother's gifts to a more distant source. ' I don't see why one need go further. My father would not have been trusted as he has been for tbc last thirty vears if be were a simpleton ; and Ciolton observes ? ' The door opened at this moment and Theo dore came in. He greeted bis cousin and his cousin s husband with unaffected friendliness. 'It is against my principles to take luncheon,' he said laughingly, as he gave Juanita his band, 'but this is a red-letter day. Sly father is waiting for us in the dining-room.' They all went down stairs together, Theo dore leading the way with his coosin, talking gaily as they went down the wide oak stair case, between sober pannelled walls of dark est brown. The front part of the ground floor was given up to offices, and the dining room was built out at the back, a large bright* looking room with a bay window, opening on to a square town garden, a garden of about half an acre, surrounded with high walls, above which showed the tree tops in one of the leafy walks that skirt the town, and an irregular masa oi roofs, with a steeple here and there. it was very different to that Italian garden at Cberiton where the peacock strutted slowiv between long rows of obelisk shaped cypresses, where the Italian statues showed white in every angle of the dense green wall, and where the fountain rose and tell with a silvery cadence in the still summer atmosphere. Here there was only a square lawn, just trig enough for a tennis-court, and a broad border of hardy flowers, with one especial portion at the end of the garden where Sophia experimented m cross fertilisa tion after the manner of Darwin, seeming for ever upon the threshold of valuable dis coveries. Mr. Dalbrook was a fine-looking man o some unascertained a«e between fifty and sixty. He boasted that he was Lord Chen ton's junior by a year or two, although they had both come to a time of life when a year or two more or less could matter very little He was very fond of Juanita, and be wel comed her with especial tenderness iu her new character as a bride. He kissed her, aud then held herb way from him for a tninnte, with a kindly scrutiny. 'Lady Godfrey surpasses Miss Dalbrook,' he said smiling at the girl's radiant face. ' I suppose now you are going to be the leading personage in our part of the county. We quiet townspeople will be continually hearing of yon, and there will not be a local paper without a notice of your doings. Anyhow I amgUd you. don't forget old friends.' He placed her beside him at the large oval table, on which the handsomest plate and the oldest chins, had been set forth with celerity which testified to Brown's devotion. Mr. Dalbrook was oue o! those sensible people who never waste keep or wages upon a bad horse or a bad servant, aad his cook was one of the best in Dorchester ; so the Inncheon. albeit no roan need oe ashamed, and the additions which had t^*^n made to the menu since the phaeton drove up to the door were not of a land to betray their hasty concoction. Juanita was fond of her uncle, as she called this distant cuusin of hers, to distinguish him from the younger generation, aud she was pleased to be sitting by him, and hearing all the news of the town end the county people friends. It may be that his consulship with Lord Cheriton had gone as far as his profes sional aenmeu to elevate him in the esteem of town and county, and that some people who wonld hardly have invited the country solicitor for his own sake, sent their cards as a matter of coarse to the law lord's cousin. But there were others who esteemed die provincial solicitor for his own sterling qualities, and who even liked him better than the somewhat severe and eelf-asserHvc Baron Cheriton. While Jnanita. talked confidentially to her kinsman, and while Sir Godfrey discussed thu latest theory about the van, and the proijalrfc and Sophia, Theodore sat at the bottom of the table, Eflent and thoughtful, watching the lovely, animated face with its look of radiant haprjinesB, and telling himself that the woman he loved was so far away from him sitting there, within reach of hit* touch, within the sound of his lowest whisper, as if ehc had been in another world. He bad borne him self bravely on her wedding day, had smiled back her nappy smile, and clasped her band with the steady grip of friendship ; but that effort made there had been a sad relapse in since as a man rJrinlrw of that supreme possession without which life is worthless — as the miser thinks of bis stolen gold— or the ainbitiuns man of his blighted name. Yes, he had loved her with all the strength of his heart and mind, and he knew that he could never again lore with the same full measure. He was too wise a man, ao-* too experienced in life, to tell himself that for him time could have no healing power — that no other woman coald ever be dew to him ; but he told himself that another lore like onto this was impossible, and that all the future could bring him would be some pale faint copy of this radiant picture. ' I suppose it's only one man in 6fty u-hu marries his first love,11 he thought, and then he looked at Godfrey Carmichacl and thought that to him over moch had been given. He was a fine young fellow, clever, unassuming, with a frank, good face : a man who was liked by men as well as by women ; but what had he done to be worthy of such a wife as Juanita ' He could only answer the question in the words of Figaro, ' He had taken the trouble to be born.' That one thoughtful guest made no differ ence in the gaiety of the luncheon tabla. Matthew Dalbrook had plenty to -ay to his beautiful cousin, and Juanita had oil the ex periences of the last season to talk about, while once having started upon Sir William Thomson, aud the uluiuale exhaustion of the sun's beat, the sisters were not likely to stop. (To he continued, t 