CRITldMED BY JUSTIN M'CARtHX, fit.P. I shall not begin with the fatnilikr observation that it is not possible tb pro-' nounce a final judgthent on any proffojifid measure of legislation until One 'bits carefully studied the prihted words of'IBS bill. I know indeed that a complete atid final judgment cannot be formed ftonl any spoken exposition, however comprehensive and clear. Even if you know tail that the author of the measure means t? do you cannot know how far the clauses of the bill are likely to carry out hii moaning. I have, however, in this instance, other difficulties somewhat greater than that. I listened last night With th8 deepest interest to Mr. Gladstone'* fascinating and brilliant speech in explanation of his bill for the 1 better government of Ireland. I ledrneS. of course, what the main prOposkW of the measure are. I take it for granted that, so far as the mere wording Of clauses is concerned, the clauses cati be made to set out Mr. Gladstone's meaning, and to carry it into working lk*. But, when the financial proposals come to be thought of, I oan only say that I do not at present quite see now the surplus of half a million is got at in the beginning, and is to be secured hereafter. I am a very poor financier 5 but ifl were going to buy an estate irhum I to >ld would bring in five thousand ft ybir;<iNhouia certainly want to k«o# t*actiyj^ore the five thousand » yW ind how it #as likelr toW> knrir *ith ty about the aasured irtrarces .... „Alf a million Snrphi, and Cr it is likely to be maintitfttbt, and whether it would be enough. I Jia^, therefore, to^rospend mj ju^t ment on that part of U» measnre, at all events. Lht mC 4ft thkVin this and any Other oomment I shau aw^ 4 speaking mwely for % i* K^PirlUment, wlfosli «»tions and an observer of , . The great mem. of the me cordmg^to ^^graoU^ai system, dTHqtne, that mat merivit has mnoh^ over the bUl of lM6. It u far 1. hate nave tiro uaamoera Ihan.on* iaan with two orders 0! legUktora acowteduthe pnnoipieor thetwp ia l8S6ibut w* were 1 at any decent measure 0 • t-^T T- aad then most of us hw i ijrtrai mt- viotion that the prineu oirders wouldnever sarvlve a deWlte^. oommUteo. Thenon-rejwesenUtiteqBtor, it I may call it no* wanMisiruwod aftejr an intolerable, medieoval, and obsolete method. It was like what Thackeray calls " one of Mri, Radnliffe'e exploded old ghosts." The constitution of the seoond chamber in the new bill is olear, simple, and in its way and within its limits representative. It is eleotive altogether —there is no nomination in it. There is rate or tranonise lor me eieowrs, uui a. do not see whst better under all the conditions could be done. We have not in Ireland at present the electoral materials out of whioh to mould suoh a aoheme of eleotion as that whioh constructs the Senate of the United States. I am not disposed to grumble much over the veto. Some sort of veto there must be—the veto belongs to the extends, of oourse, over all her oolonies. No doubt there is a difference. Take the case of Oanada. Oanada is away aorpBS the ooean. Her long frontier line "marohes" with the frontier line of the greatest republic in the world. It is not likely that any English Government, even the fassieBt that ever came into power, would be inolined to harass Oanada with too much veto. But Ireland is a small oountry and a poor oountry. and is close to tho gates of England. Still, may it not b iken for granted that when onoe 8 JL^FUIV lorne MIUIV Rulo UAU has boen IIWU given, * VU| Eng <UU^liih Governments of whatever political complexion will be inolined to let us alone generally in this matter of the veto P I am sure we shall not provoke intervention. I hope we shall never have intervention wantonly thrust upon us. If on both sides we are anxious to work fairly the Home Rule prinoiple, there ought to be little difficulty in working it. I firmly believe that in Ireland we snail honestly and honourably fulfil our part of the ^l.tfy) the'riientlon Of the Irish members" in Westminster, I*ah* strongly of opinion that uutil,the,La'nd \Question is aetUriUn'W.lmpwal (Parliament, or oonugfcMfor settlement,to/theParliament^'ipabljih we ffligh* ,to retain our full repfeiw^atlon'in^e Imperial House of Commons." "We" ought not to be left to the chanoe of having to fight with diminished numbers that great land question whioh is still unsettled, and the settlement of which is vital to the dearest interest of our oountry. When that question is settled in Westminster or relegated for settlement in Dublin, I •hall not feel very anxious about the preoiie numbers of the Irish representation in the Imperial Parliament. We, the Irish members, were, as everybody knows, perfectly willing in 1886 to take ourselves off altogether. If we could get Home Rule on such oonditionB, we were right glad to •wept the conditions. But many of the vital functions of the present scheme are dependent on the retention of an Irish representation at Westminster. I think that prinoiple iB better on the whole for both countries, and better for the future arrangements whioh are in all human probability about to bo adopted by and lor other parts of Groat Britain. As to Ireland, nowever, our one first and greatest demand is for an honest and genuine measure of Home Rulo whioh ahall allow us and shall enable us to manage our own affairs for ourselves. During the debate on the first reading of the new bill some Conservative member—I do not recollect who it was —found fearful menace in the expressed desire that the people of Ireland Bhould be "a free people." This, he seemingly thought, muit mean separation. I may call Lis attention to the fact that when Grattan apostrophised the Irish nation as a free people, and declared that ages . ,P* Med »*»y sinoe aueh a phrase could t» applied to it, and appealed to the spirit of 8wift and the spirit of Molyneux to applaud the triumph of that freedom, he spoke of a nation which baa accepted * Parliament under the acknowledged supremacy of the Imperial a/item. 