THE INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE TEAM. To THE EDITOR. SIR-With your permission I should like to make a few remarks in answer to " Ex Private's " summary on the selection of the above team. By the tone of his remarks it would appear as though " Ex-Private " was himself a disappointed competitor who was not skilful enough as a marksman to be chosen by the committee as a fit representative of the colony in the important contest to take place in Melbourne. I quite agree with the committee in selecting the most reliable shots whether volunteers or not, and your correspondent by his signature would appear to be of the same opinion. I ask " Ex Private " if such a thing as an invasion of the colony were to take place were the Government call only on the handful of volunteers we have to protect UP, or would they expect every man who could shoulder a rifle to turn out and do his best to repel the enemy. And I ask, who would be the most useful under the circumstances, a volunteer in uniform who could not hit a haystack, or reliable shots such as Mr. Phillips and Mr. Drummond ? As to the qualification of the two gentlemen, " Ex-Private" admits that they are honorary members, which should qualify them as volunteers to represent the colony. Now as to their skill as rifle shots : I cannot|speak for Mr. Drummond, but I have been told that he is an excellent shot in the case of Mr. Phillips, however, I have seen his record, which is one of the finest records of rifle shooting I ever had the pleasure of perusing in fact it is a marvellous one, and well worthy the perusal of all who are interested in ghosting. Mr. Phillips has without doubt one of the finest records of rifle shooting in Australia, and is amongst the oldest service volunteers in the country. He has done some wonderful shooting in the old country, in Queensland, New South Wales and West Australia. I will just mention one achievement out of some hundreds, viz , the winning of Colonel Snel King's Challenge cup in Brisbane Queensland ; the conditions were that the cup was to be won three times in succession, or four times in all Mr. Phillips won the cap both ways, boating such shots a Captain J. Eddison, late of the 7th West York (one of the most reliable shots Wimbledon ever saw also Mr. Hobday, and Mr. Brookes, two oil Wimble- don shots. Mr. Phillips has the above Challenge cup at his home in Lamb sir etc, and would, I feel sure, show it to " Ex Private " or any representatives of the press, to bear out my statements. He has a photograph of a fine challenge cup, value £100, won by him at the Altcar meeting in Lancashire, where he beat some of the finest shots in the world. His numerous trophies, apart from his record preserved in print, amply testify to his skill, and that his band and eye are sMl true is proved by his performance at the butts only this week. The fact that such shots as Corporal Weaver and others are unable to go with the team makes it all the more necessary that such a man as Mr. Phillips, who has been through many of these contests, which, as "Ex Private" admits, are very trying to young members of a team, should be given the fair play to which he is entitled both as an old volunteer and a reliable rifle shot. To cavil over the selection of such men as these on account of their being only honorary members of their corps is very wide of the real spirit of Intercolonial Competition. Yours, &c.; CIVILIAN. Perth, September 29. 