WAS FT A GHOST THEY SA fP? Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. Qne night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry homonr died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His skirt-sleeves were rolled np, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Tbe women Sed screaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minntes Liter he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? 'During a recent penod of ill-health,'' writes an American friend, 'I bad slepf badly for several successive nights. On tie fourth of these nights about two o'clock. I was suddenly aroused from a doze by irkai Jieemed like the catlinj of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of m^ mother just as the looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, onVbich journey she was tailed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainfr^ I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossipa said it was a summons and I would never get well. Vet I did, and am in perfect health, now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it eIdcc, and it's more than three years ago now.' No donbt it was the nerves. Why, there s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on yon when your system is oat of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, ot Darracott Road, Pokcsdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—'/ «xh ho dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call ont for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tbe morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and 1 was sick most of the time. My akin m-js dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. Hie doctor eaid he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing bnt liquid food, and coold not retain eren that on my stomach. By tbU time I was nothing but skin and bone. Aftf memory completely failed. My bead ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given np all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me ahe was herself once just as badly off; and was cured by Mother Seigcl'a Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wav able to walk across the room, and by the end of tbe week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. £ can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original canse was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident-, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tbe Bridgeport ghoet, it remains true that most on canny visions ajid sounds nwi nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by hi digest ion and dyspepsia. G hosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother SeigeTs Syrup does its work the eyes aod ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. The Maryborough Cltronide of Tbnrsday last says : — ' A party of four young men, witli Captain White, left Maryborough yesterday morning in a small cutter, bound for Bock hampton on a pleasure trip. It will be re membered that Mr. Nekton Barton accom plished the trip a couple of years ago in » ?mall craft, and this may have prompted these somewhat1, venturesome cruisers to. emulate him. It is to be hoped that their voyage will be as successful. Tbe party comprise Messrs. S. Adam, J. Walker, G. Le Breton, and Keil sen. The craft in a new one, and with Captain White at the helm should have bo difficulty in negotiating the voyage unless exception ally heavy weather is met with.' The party arrived at Rockhainpton abom six o'clock last evening all welL They had a pleasant trip, and considering that a day and a-balf wm* spent at Bustard Head and tvo dtys at Glad stone, the carter made a fast passage. The only incident of the voyage occurred when they were landing at Bustard Head, the light keeper meeting them with an are in bis hand, mistaking the new arrivals for New Cale donian escapees no doubt. ? 