CHAPTER IV. A wienrand gliast-like scene wis presented upon that lonely beach under the bnght moon light as Dadi dropped upon his knees on the ivet sand, and leaned over the pale,' stark face ot the dead girl. Even while he knelt lieside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would pari, and from the pearly teeth v.-ould ome a sweet voice, asking, " Where am 1■?" Instinctively he brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. It was cold—icy cold, and achiUjan through " 1 lflpvar his frame as though lie had laid l^Pvarm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to hie feet and stepped over and glanced at the rtilfiaa he had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man'; heart. He lived; and, with the mattered remark t 44 It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash re turned and contemplated the white C-nire of the murdered girk While be gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's finger. He stooped, as though about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion caused Jiim to start hack and exclaim: 44 No; I cannot rob the dead!" Then his eyes fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in the girl's ears. " What shall I do? If I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, some other vandal like yon 6camp may coino along and possess himself of them," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, he added: " I will rcmaro them and hold them for the friends of the dead girl." Dash was more successful than the robber had been, and had but little difficulty in re moving the jewels. He had but just possessed himself, of them when ho heard voices,and upon raising his eyos 1.9saw the glimmer of a light approaching to ward Irim along the beach. 44 Great heavens! If I am found with those jowcls on mo I will lie looked upon as a robber of the dead he suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively ho turned, as though to run away. " I mean no harm, but I must protect my self," he muttered, and with a Cat- like step he moved away, j After procecdingavhortdistaiineheascendcd Hie Kink that lined the hooch, and moving Stealthily along, retraced his steps to a point I opposite to where the body lav. : He had hut just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with I them, reached the spot where tho white figure lav. * '*A The men had but jiiRt discovered,the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of the terrible mistake he had made. "There has been foul murder here,"aaid one of the men, as lie hold liis lantern down over tho face of the dead girl. "It lias been a double murder,"cried an other of the men, as his eye fell upon Hie form of Uie man. \ " No, by thunder! Tills fellow lives," he added, after a moment, as he felt the wounded man's pulso. "Yea; Ilive,"camo the response Infcohle tones. " What has happened !" asked the men In clinnis, as tlicy gathered round. "Rive me a drink first; I am dying of thirst." Ono of tho neivcomors had a flask with bim, and put it to tlio man's lips, Tho latter dbink, and eoomed greatly re vived, when lie said ; " A terrible crime has Just been committed before in j-eyea." " .Tell us about it, quick! There may yet be a chance to capture the assassin." The fclliivv pretended to bo very much over come by mo terrible Rcenn he had witnessed, and also to fee! bad from the effects of the blow lie had received ; but taking another good pull from the (hide, he said t " I was walking nlong tlio booch, when I raw a struggle going oil ill a boat ulittle off the shorn between a man and a woman. Tho man finally seized an oar and struck tho girl a blow on the back of the head,nnd slit* fell overboard, when tbe man sailed away," "Anil this is tlio girl that itob murdered?" " Yes; I recovered the body after on hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, when tho assassin returned. Ho as saulted mo, nnd a struggle followed, but with tlio same oar with which ho crushed in the skull of the girl lie laid mo out, then robbod tho body of tho girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped." Dash heard tho wliolo story, nnd would have nishod down nnd denied it; but, alas I circum stances were against iilm. Tlio girl's ho,ad had been crushed by a blud geon, and lie really had tlio jeivols on his per son, although for 110 unlawful purpose. One of tlio men was loft with tlio body, while tho others Rtartcd to notify the authorities, «o that an immediate search might be instituted let the supposed assassin. The mnn had furnished an accurate descrip tion of Dash Kingston, end, as the latter stela away,lie fully realised his peril; circumstances —fatal circumstances, were against him,and lie had unconsciously assisted in gathering them about him. Ho succeeded in reaching the city without being discovered, and uimn the following morn ing read in the paiicrs tho usual sensational and exaggerated account of n diabolical murder, in cluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by tho nssassin, and a garbled description of his parson. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts; and in hopes that the matterwnnld Mow over in a few days, ho shaved off Ins whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and makingoxcuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon tho very evening of his arrival ho was pissing the door of tho lnidos' parlour in the hotel, when lie beheld a sight that, caused his heart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in his veins. There, standing in the centre of the parlour, wan a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as ft seemed, tli.it lady that his eyes rnstcd upon was the living, breathing girl the dead liody of whom lie believed ho had lefl ' upon the Rose Bay shore under the moonlight ! some hours lrefnrp. At first ho thought It might be only a fancied resemblance. Recovering his self-possession, he stepped into the room. [ There was not tho least possibility of ft mis ; take; there were the ramo features, tho same j lovoly blue eyes, tho same golden tresses, the I exquisite mouth—all,all tho same, ; " Oh, heavens! am I mad, or have 1 been dreaming some horrible dream I" munnnre«. Dash, as be staggered from the room. Hut the idea of a dream was quickly dis pelled. His band pressed the jewels in his pocket, and the blue eyes were turned toward him in wondering amazement t uls ou.vnM.tu.-i 