SSVVÍNI the 3ían Siso Lovell. IT was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows ol' good birth, companions since childhood, had sot themselves lo carn fame and fortune, or thc latter ¡it least, in their native place-Albert Musgrave as an artist, j lorbert Causon as a doctor. Their love for eaeh other was brotherly; yet love proved thc gulf which separated them. Both had boen fascinated with thc charms of a Niinny-hnireil, bright-eyed laughing picture of beauty. One morning people wore horrified with t he report of murder. Musgrave had boon shot in his studio. A revolver was found on tho table a few inches from thc dead body Thu bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in tin wall opposite, exactly titted thc chamber and wore precisely similai to tho others which the revolvei contained. Uoth revolver and cartridges wert proved to have boen bought by Cad son within twenty-four hours of tin crime. He was known to have heel at the house at thotiiuu of the mun 1er as nearly us possible. Tho general evidence against hin: Avas so "overwhelming there could bc no doubt of tho issue. Tho prisonei had condemned himself by his owi: admissions, yet he emphatically de claree! Iiis innocence. The eventful day of tho trial ciinin Tho breathless hush of suspense wm oppressive. Presently ti door opened Twelve men solemnly took theil scats. " Guilty, or not guilty?" " Guilty !" A piercing shriek, awful from it> burden of agony, ran through thc court. Edna's unconscious form was borne out. For tho first timo the prisonei quailed. Throughout the trial he lind behaved with almost callow coolness. Tho death sentence was passed, tht judgo being scarcely audible amidsi women's solis. One person alcmesoenictlunaiïected With tho quiet demeanour of tv hero Herbert folded his arms to receive lu's doom without a quiver. Mr. Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was disttu'bod in his office by a young Indy whom ho tit first failed to recog- nise as Edna. lier Haggaril face, largo oyes, looked harder front their shrunken sockets, tho fierce, determined expression ol her face, made thc old lawyer betray In's «uprise in spite of himself. Was ibis tho airy, smiling creature of a tow days ago? She had aged years. Ho invited her to ti scat, then inquired the object ol' her visit. " To free Herbert Cadson. Ho is innocent, and I have discovered tho culprit." Tho lawyer looked at her and did not speak. "Perhaps you think mo mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While you men havo pitied and wondered, .1 a weak woman, have worked." " Ample. Tho murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert. Ho wore tt pair of old goloshes with a cut across tho loft sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he wore a light suit ; tho other follow woro ti dark tweed snit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight and cheaper." "How in the nanto of all that is rational did you learn this?" "Thereby hangs my title. I be- lieved Herbert to be innocent. Com- mon sense told mo crime always leaves ti trace for those who havo eyes to see. "ISTo one ever sought. They wore satisfied with superiieinl appearances. Knowing tho landlord, 1 obtained permission to soc tho house. I searched for hours without success. I was yielded to despair, and wan- dered into tho back giu-tlen. "SuddenlyFido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop-bloodstains. I examined that handkerchief its it I .forlorn digger would gold dust. " lt was a woman's, it was marked ' P.M. No. 4.'I recognised it, and know tho owner. I smelt it. What it pe- culiar scent : 1 renewed my search with vigour. " It was evident tho criminal had escaped hy tho back way. lïoviving hope 'li red mc. Inch by inch I .scru- tinised doors, walls, windows, any- thing, everything, largo and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. My total discoveries wore some threads of cloth torn oil' while .squeez- ing through a small window. Tho ground was soft enough to receives "an impression. Very closo examination revealed ti peculiar im- print with a cut across. Aa inspir- ation dawned on me-goloshes ! "From those links how should I form a chain ? First, tho handker chief, I went to Laycocks, tho che- mist. Tío ransacked his shop, but could not. (inil mo !\, scent like it. I «hot un ¡ii\rir\v nt a venture. " You sold somo to Miss Harvey, I think.'. " Oh,' yes, I know now, I got that especially foi" lier. I tun sorry I have nono left." "I reeled ont of the shop. T was on tho track. ' P. H.' was Priscilla Har- vey's initials ; thia was her handker- chief." " I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned having lost my handkerchief. She lent mc the exact counterpart of the one I had found, save that it was marked .No. 7/ " I twitted lier that I know she was in tho habit of lending her hand- kerchiefs t o gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her inti: confession. She had never lent but one. '.She told ma io whom. I involun- tarily jumped from my chair, but had enough control to recover my- self, pretending 1 had assumud aston- ishment. Now I had fairly ran down my game. How should I got into hif house? Providence aided mo. I knew his lady well-a garrulous old dame. " By dint of coaxing and presents, 1 induced thc old dame to lot mc do as I pleased. I talked to her of Her- bert till her head was turned. Then I made lier my coniulante. "I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his know- ledge. She olferod mo ii pair to measure. No. I knew he had u pair of goloshes somewhere "Buried in a corner of tho ward- robe, I found a pair. I turned them up. There was ii cut across tho solo of the left foot. I trembled so vio- lently, I nearly let them fall. " I took them to Musgravo's house ; they fitted the prints exactly, I Im ve had the scrapings of the solo oi the footprint analysed by the che- mist, who says they ure identical. "I have traced the suit of clothes, and cnn provo tho purchaser and tho dato of purchase. But ono thing remains undone. " I swore I saw Herbert tlivoo min- utos after the murder close to the back ot' the house. As Herbert is dark and thc culprit light, ho must lmve disguised himself, which proved design. "A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, etc., for private theatricals. Cer- tainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had thembeforo and returned thom after the dato of tho murder, so that they were in his possession then." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness, lt pusses my comprehension." " Don't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ? " " Certainly. Who is he ? " " Mr. Satley, the curate." Mr. Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his nsutil culm. Then he sent for thc inspector of police putting all details into his pos- session. Two hours after the ollicer returned to Mr. Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr. Carter." " What, lias ho confessed." " Yes, in words and action. I was going un to Mr. Satley's house when I saw him coming. Ho was in a great hurry, carrying aportnia nt eau." "AVoll, Í followed him. As I ex- pected, ho went, to thc railway sta- tion. I touched him and advised him not to buy n. ticket, as ho would waste his money. He turned paler than JIamlot's ghost." " God help me ! I was mod ; it was all for her," he said ia a quiver- ing voice. " Please do not handcuff me," he implored. " ' Very well, Mr. Satley,' I replied. " Just then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed aci'oss tho plat- form, I after him. " Ho won the race ; I lost a prisonor. He_ jumped clean on to tho engine, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary noAV." 