HAVE GHOSSi BEEN A SEEN? Few nsubjects tax more stringently whate may be called the scientific conscience than the matter of apparitions. a The student of science recognizes two t clear duties in all scientific inquiries. In the first place, he must strive to see things B as they are, and in the second, he must speak d of them as he sees them. In regard to ghosts and goblins, science has travelled along smoothly enough so long g as apparitions cf particular classes have been in question. The whole subject of hallucinations has been explored by science so thoroughly, that no one now is perplexed cI by.stories of visions such as those'that e troubled Nicolal, Blake the painter, LMrs. A. b (of Brewster's "Natural Magic"). and. a number of other persons. -The vision 'in such eases is but "the blot upon the brain that ti will show itself without," and science is "not to be overawed by what -it cannot but ti know is a juggle of the brain." t Nor hasscience been much concerned about c those old-fashioned ghost stories, telling how 0 sheeted forms and unearthly sounds have a afirighted sensitive folk under conditions n suitably suggestive. We have learned to un. derstand how readily under such conditions ti -as the gloom of night, chilly air (starting b shivers and tremors, which of themselves t, suggest unearthly feelings,) and so forth- r, the mind will unconsciously form false tl ima3es out of dimly-seen objects, or trans- p form unexplained noises into sounds signi- o Scant of horror. A waving cloth becomesa e beckoning sheet-clad ghost; the creaking of o a door sounds like the shriek or moan of a some one in agony. Out in the open air, in t gloomy woods, or valleys half hid in mist, c sights and sounds that by day would not be p .,...e:i .aro : by tbe.nert?. elind. changed to awful appearances or terrible noises.. . o To this day, for instance, in parts of Eng. ti land, the noises made at night by migrating n birds are regarded as the barking and yelp- d ing of the Gabriel hounds'(' Gabriel" is it. a self a suggestive transformation from "gab. n ble "), which in recent times-[ mean some- h where within the last 10 or 12 centuries- v I have been found by the foolish country folk a to be the souls of unbaptized children; while r I (since the hounds have never done any harm a directly) it has been held reasonabe to regard e i them as indicating some approaching trouble c I for those who hear them. i : There has not only been no trouble in in i terpreting the ghosts and goblins of this r type, but no difficulty has arisen in conse- f quence of visions and voices which have a seemed to simulate the appearance or tones d L of the dead. f It is when we turn to visions of living per. sons, or to thoughts and suggestions relating E I to living persons, at a distance from the per. e son affected by the vision of impression, that a f we find evidence most difficult to deal with, E and the results not only difficult to explain, I s but not altogethersatisfactory for discussion, t because the number of those who welcome a the discussion of such matters with ridicule enormously exceeds the number of the more t sensible. I To illustrate the class of cases in question, e I will take a few carefully selected examples I from .among hundreds that might be 3 recited. t I . n the following case we have the direct e evidence of the person affected, who is well. t b known, may even be said to be in some de* i t gree eminent-the Rev. James M. Wilson, I head master of ClintonCollege, England,and t , senior wrangler (that is, first in the .honor 1 examination for mathematies) in the year 1850\. I was at St. John's College, Cam bridge, when he was there, taking my de. I gree only one year later. The following narrative is in his own words. "I was at Cambridge, in full health, boating, football playing, and the like, and a by no means subject to hallucinations or morbid fancies. One evening I felt extremely r ill; trembling with no apparent cause what I ever, nor did it seem to be a physical illness or chill of any kind. I was frightened. I 1 was totally unable to overcome it. I remem , ber a sort of struggle with myself, resolving r that I would go on with my mathematics; but it was in vain. I became convinced that I was dying. I was in a satange discom. I fort, but with no symptoms that I can re I call except mental discomfort, and the con. viction that I should die that night. To y wards 11, after some thre hours of this, I a got better and went up a irs, and got to 1 bed, and after a time to sLep, and the next Ime pe ? was quite wella In the next af brother' aethe eveng before in i a colnshire. I am quite cle of the fact that I never once thought of him, nor was his a presence with me even dimly imagined." Let this story, in which not only was no e apparition seen, but the presence of the rela tive who died at the time of thestrange sen r sation was not even imagined, be compared with the following. which is one of the best authenticated of a class of stories whose a name is now becoming legion: In September, 1857, Captain W., of the Sixth Dragoon Guards, left England to join his regiment. in India, leaving his wife at a Cambridge. On the night between Nov. 14 s and 15, 1857, she dreamed that she saw her b. husband looking very ill, and she thereupon f woke in agitation. When she looked on she a saw the same figure standing by her bedside. bHe appeared in uniform and as if suffering intense pain. He then gradually faded from her view. At first Mrs. W. supposed she 5 mustbe still asleep; but'rubbing her eyes a and listening to the breathing of a child be t side her, she cdnvinced herself that what she h bad seen was no dream. In December, 1857, a telegram from the seat of war appeared in the morning papers, stating that Captain W. a had been killed before Lucknow on the e Ffeenth of November. The family solicitor ,r applied for further information as to the date' a of Captain W.'s death, which Mrs. W. felt sure must have taken place on the four-?enth n and not on the //teenth. "But the date given u in the telegram was confirmed at the war 't office. At this time a singular circumstance s came to light. The solicitor chanced to men y tion thecase to a lady, a friend of his, who e according to his own account, had a tendency l to see visions. Turning to her husband, she said : y "That must have been the same apparition I saw on the evening when we were speaking about India." They were able to fix the date by means of a receipt for an amount paid that day as thefourlrest?h of November. The solicitoron g this applied to the war offce again, saying 5 tht the friends of Captain W. were per d I suaded there must be some mistake about S:the date. The officials stated, however, that there could be no mistake, since the death Swas referred to in two despatches from Sir. SCol. Campbell, who, in both cases, gave Sthe date as thefoeStenst. In Mlarech, 1858, a it letter arrived from a brother officer, giving an account of Captain W's death. This officer, who had been riding beside Captain S VW. when he was killed, stated that death occurred on the fsurteentA of November. SFinally, though whether on the strength of e this oficer's evidence or through faith in the Sapparition's truth to time, the day was al altered to thefoaurtsseis,. d It seems never to have occurred to any d oneto consider;thedifference between Indian y and English time. If the time of Captain SW's death really coincided, as Mrs. W. then , and thereafter firmly believed, with the time of -her dream, then, unless she Vent d to bed unusually early, he was killed at on the 15th of November, fidian time. SSuppose, for Instance, she had her dream at 10 o'clock on the night of November 14.then at that moment it was 24 minutes past three , on thd morning of November 15at Lucknow. ir Suppose it was later, as the account aug. 1, gests, then, we may well suppose that h daylight had already broken on the morning ,of the 15th at Lucknow, at the hour when o 1rs. W- had her midnight dream at d Cambridge and her husbant met with his Sdeath. One other narrative, before we consider e- the philosophical aspect of the multitudinous Sstories of this kind which are vouched foron Sgood authority; and be it remembered, in Spassing, such stories as these can be unmis takably confirmed, and have frequently been so conirmed, independantly of the veracity y of persons who assert that they saw the d vision or experienced the impression con: 5* sidered. The following story is related al-. Smost in the words of the Bishop of Carlisle, better known in former days at Cambridge as Dr. Harvey Goodwin, the eminent mathe f matician. i CambridRs student had arranged some r years ago with a fellow-student that they a should meet together at Cambridge for the . purposes of reading. A short time before Sgoing up to Cambridge to keep his appoint ment one of them-from which Dr. Goodwin ic bad the story-was in the south of England. Y Wakkig in the night he saw, as he imagined. e his friend sitting at the foot of his.bed. He was surprised by the sight, and more so as e his friend seemed to be dripping with water. Re spoke, but the apparitian shook its bead and disappeared. But the vision reappeared a @ow laat~e8st . Infaom tio was soon received that at about the time when the apparition was seen by the young stutdent his friend bad been drowned while bath. ing. It will be remembered that Lord Brong. ham bad an experience very similar to the one just related; and there are other cases of the same kind, that is, cases in which an apparition of a distant friend, at or near the hour of death, has been seen by one to whom a promise has been made, the ful filment of which had been prevented by death. The coincidence explanation, which dis. poses fully of even the best authenticated ghost and goblin stories, fails entirely in the presence of the phenomena we are consider. ing. These experiences are so exceptional as.to excite special attention when they oc cur; while,; whenever' they do occur, an event of a special kind occurs to correspond, both as to time and person. This being the case;the argumentfrom coincidence logi. cally demonstrates canal not casual conneo. tion. But, as I suggested at the outset, the trouble is, that we cannot understand how there can be any casual association in these cases. Nothing as yet known to the student of science enables him to explain how the anguish of A in one part of the earth can move'I to sympathetic anguish in another. I am utterly unable to suggest any explana. tion. The theory of brain waves suggested by the present editor of the Nineteenth Cen tury several years ago, in reference tos story related by Tennyson about an apparition of the kind we are considering, is simply no ex planation at all. It is an attempttoexplain obscurum per obscurius. The orzy path toss explanation that seems worth trying is that on which Professor Barrett and others have attempted to advance inquiry; namely, as to the influence of mind oa mind under test conditions. And, unfortunately, while this path is infested bycharlatanism and trickery, what has haon thus fa, hiselored with .more or less clearness in this direction has been of little promise. Like Sir lsaacNewton's experi. ments on the action of gravity under test con. ditions, which gave evidence only as to the nature of the attractive force exerted by matter on matter, but in no sense explained how matter can act on matter instantly over vast distances, so these exoeriments on the action of mind on mind within the same room, though useful as indicating the nature of this action, suggest no explanation whatso. ever of the olscrved fact that.mind can act on mind at a distance, and apparently in an. instant of time. •In fine, it appears to me that the evidence regarding the communicatien of impressions from mind to mind over great distances, in such sort that apparitions of distant persons dying or suffering seem to be seen by their friends or relatives, is too strong to be re jected by any conscientious student of facts. Science is no more justified in rejecting this evidence merely because no explanation is available than astronomers would h jnrAti fled in rejecting the observed fact that bodies influence other bodies from a dis. tance, merely because, as Newton himself admitted, no one can explain how matter can act where it is not. Some communica tion there must be between sun and planet, between planet and satellite, and beyond each solar system between sun and sun and between galaxy and galaxy; but no one has yet shown what that communicattin may be. In like manner, even the most cautious student of science may well believe that there be some means of communication, under special conditions, between mind and mind at a distance, though no one may be able to explain how such communication is brought about. 