THE KIAMA GHOST. THE HISTORY OF THE FAMOUS BOGIE. A WRITER who has taken the trouble to hunt up the records of the Fenian scare raised by Sir Henry Parkes at the time of the trial of the crack-brained O'Farrell lets in the light on the Kiama Ghost mystery :— The conviction 0f O'Farrell was a foregone conclusion, and his execution was promptly carried out. The culprit being out of the way, Parkes in a most bold and impudent manner began to MANUFACTURE THE KIAMA GHOST. by spreading broadcast hints and surmises as to O'Farrell's crime having been the direct outcome of an organized conspiracy. He had reckoned without his host, however, because, before his death, O'Farrell had somewhat recovered his mental equilibrium, and seeing how he had been duped by Parkes into making wild and foolish charges which might be used for bringing innocent people to the gallows, he made a full and frank confession on the eve of his execution, in which he admitted the justness of his sentence, averring that all he had been induced by Parkes to say about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, and his being the agent of it was false, and that he planned to murder the Duke of Edinburgh, and had communicated his intention to nobody, This late Dean Dwyer) who attended O'Farreli in his last moments, and who, after making a copy of it, gave the original on to the gaol authorities. Of course the public disclosure of the contents of this confession. BURST UP PARKES'S PRETTY PLOT, and he did his best to prevent their publication, and for a time succeeded in making the public be- lieve that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy. The plotter was soon to be unmasked; not however, before he had done incalculable mis- chief. The existence of O'Farrell's confession had leaked out, together with some inkling as to its contents; and consequently on April 21, 1868, Sir (then Mr.) William Macleay, from his place in the Legislative Assembly asked the Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes) whether he would produce and lay upon the table the dying concession of O'Farrell, who had been executed that morning. This Parkes refused to do. THE GHOST APPEARS. This was in April, and in August of the same year Parkes— who had since relinquished the post of Colonial Secretary — went down to address his constituents at Kiama, and in the course of his speech definitely raised the "Kiama Ghost" in the following terms. "We were told — the police were told in the ordinary way of information— long before the Duke of Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would be attempted. ... I do not hesitate to say here that I have in my possession evidence, which I can produce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, independent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds for every step of precaution which we, as a Government, took ; and though, perhaps, we, as a Government, might have been content to allow this damning evidence to have remained un- known, still, if we are to be taunted, misrepre- sented, and vilified by a complete storm of lies, we may, in justification to ourselves, yet see fit to lay this before the world. I have that evi- dence in my possession, and I can produce it at any moment. I can produce evidence attested by affidavits which leaves no doubt in my mind that not only was the murder of the Prince planned, but that some person, who was in the secret and whose fidelity was expected, was foully mur- dered before the attack was finally made upon the Prince." These astounding allegations Parkes reiterated, with even greater circumstantially of detail, in a speech which he delivered before his consti- tuents at Jamberoo, in the following month of October of the same year (1868). In the course of this Jamberoo harangue, and in allusion to a letter published in the Press, asking why pre- cautions had not been taken for the protection of the Duke of Edinburgh's life, if the Government knew beforehand that his life was menaced, Parkes said : — The fact was that all practicable precautions were taken. When the Prince landed no less than 500 special rconstables were sworn-in ; officers of police were directed to ride in the line of his body on either side throughout the line of procession; and all other precautions were taken that appeared necessary to secure the safety of the illustrious visitor. 