The Story Between the Lines. CBs Pbeston Kendaij,,') Following the coast line to the north, from the Mexican Tillage of Tuito, the traveller now finds a rocky promontory where the -village stood. The Pacific's Burf brsakinsr in liutle wild moanings on the rocks below tings requiems to those who lie beneath two mouncs on tne farthermost point. And the last rays of the sun, as that fiery orb rushes across the sunken Butasic continent, seems to linger with loving askance over the 'spot as if to read in the rude Spanish letterings on the- grave stones the stor/ between the lines. In that quarter of Seville, where now the muleteer rests his late unburdened beast before the homeward trip, and passes a merry night with bad wine and songs and borelo still more questionable, stood, when Father Time hung a wornout 15 and two noughts on the hooks of eternity, the palatial residence of Donna Maxcia de Marzenti. Scarcely a woman whom the world had need well, for more trial stars had crossed her horoscope than usually fall to persons who hare all the pharp edges of life rounded off for them, but truly a woman who used the world well, for when the mountain refused to come to her she gracefully went to ths moun tain — with a smile to cover her chagrin and make defeat a triumph. So, when the storm -came and her life was taken and driven up and down, she battled bravely with the social seas she had lashed into a fury about har, and builded from the wreck of her hitherto wanted life a temple to shelter the heathen on a foreign shore. Her late husband, Don Antonio De Gir gentd, was cursed with an affliction worse than poverty-r-a respectable income and a name far too large for it to support. Con sequently, a' few vears after marriage, when the bills unpaid, . and, what was worse, bills unpayable, were piling up on him like snows on a Swiss cottage, the doctor's orderB for Sicily and sea breezes were received with less aversion than in the midst of a brilliant season. A month later found them on the South ern -isls, and the Donna's letters, received at intervals from Sicily, were filled with all a wife's anxious fears and ill concealed despair. The day etones piled in the public places of the old Hispanian city told five months from the day Marcia left, an anxious wife, when she returned a disconsolate widow. 'Twas a sad story she told of long days of watching and nights of little rest by the side of her suffering husband— of the time when the end came in tbat lonely Sicilian cottage, and of his burial in the village churchyard, with the sighing of the pines the only requiem, and the stars the only tapers. Among those who came to console after the first great grief was past -was the one whom rumor said she had loved in youth — One who she would have married then had not his' family interfered, but now his father was dead, and he was master of his own fortunes. The visits of Don HnerfanoDe Marzenti brought solace to her heart, and ere long the widow's weeds budded with orange blossoms and the black veil faded to a white. The happy years passed swiftly by, and the warm light of love beamed brightly on their lives, bo when the storm came it -was but the more Plutonian in its blackness. One day, on the street, Marcia dropped a purse ; a beggar picked it up and handed it to her. As she slipped a coin into his hand he raised his face to thank her, their eyes met, and through that glance from a mind dethroned she read a recognition. Her brain was in a whirl. She hastened homeward. For a week the -watchers never left her bedside. In her delirium she let fall words and disjointed sentences that told a strange story. Her husband, faithfully watching, became all but crazed, as- a bewildered apprehension of the truth flashed over him. The impreBiion could not be banished from his mind, and when Marcia had recovered he confronted her with the story, only hoping too fondly to hear from her a denial. 'Twas a Summer night on the terrace. The clear resplendent moon shed far over the plains her fall orbed light. As its glittering rays fell upon her clear cut fea tures they seamed to turn them into marble, as she heard the awful story. 'Where — how did you learn this?' The words seemed to issue involuntarily from her lips. 'Marcia! You do not. deny it! Oh, epeak bat one word! Say it is not true.' With an effort she recovered herself. ' Huerfano, you have no right to ques tion me thus.' 'Eight,' he cried wildly. 'Eight, when a man's eternity is at stake !' '- Before our marriage you could hare questioned me about my past, but when you married me you waived that right. But how absurd,. dear; of course I will answer yon. Is it true? Why, could you believe it? Only a mad dream, dear Huerfano, Is it true? Of course it is not — — No! no!— my God, I must speak — since that fatal night the horrible spectre will not let me rest. By day it dogs my footsteps j by ni»fht it haunts any . dreams. Huerfano, I must tell you all — only listen to my story, then kill me if yon will* My lore for you ? makes me speak while all the courtB of Spain could not unseal my lips.' He stood before her bewildered, speech less, while like a priestess foretelling her own doom she continued. *' My only recollection of. my mother dates from childhood. A great barren room in the upper portion of the house, with hor rible gratings at the doors and windows. One day,, in childish play I stole from the nursery, and, climbing the stairway, raised the bar from the grated door and entered. My mother rushed to me, and forced me on my knees exclaiming : « A courier at last from xaj banished king !' My frightened cries brought the nurse, who bore me back to the nursery. I afterwards learned the terrible explanation. . The blighting taint of insanity -was in our blood.' She paused a moment, gazing on his stony features ; then, in hurried tones, passed rapidly over the intervening years between that time and their first meeting. ' My first husband I never loved. I married him in a moment of pique, when I thought the barrier between ub was one of your own raising and eternal. I drank, unflinchingly, the bitter cup I had seized, hoping Time would some day set all matters right. ' The nierht before we embarked for Sicily, you will remember, we met at a ball. Our glances met one moment, and in that brief look my fancy saw the ghost of our old-time lore. Perhaps it might again return. That sweet, wicked hope haunted me always. You -were free, -while I was irrevocably bound to a man I did sot love.' Dry, unsolacing eobs shook her frame as she gazed unseeingly over the moonlit plain. For a moment only she gave way to her anguish, and in husky tones she resumed her fearful tale : ' 'Twas the night following a day of his most trying moods. ? We had strolled upon the cliff overhanging the sea and stood in a lonely spot gazing outover its black waste, lit only by tho stars. My thoughts re curred to that last night in Seville. I felt my reason fast leaving me. Intense sorrow and -madness are so near akin that God alone can trace the line between. He was standing near the clifPs edge, one slight movement from me and I was free ! . My heart beat faster at the thought. All my sufferings, all my wrecked hap piness rose up before me, and I wai mad. I know not what happened next, but I heard the dull splash of the wave as the ocean opened its arms to receive V»t»i. I was alone. ' For -days I never left the spot — dreading, fearing. No sign was made. The waters kept my secret. ' I returned home. You know the story to this day the month. I dropped a purse in the street. A beggar handed it me. I gave him a coin, and as he lifted the hat from his head I saw his face. My God, the murdered lived — the sea gave up its dead!' . As she finished her long recital Huerfano uttered one stifled moan and, speechless, staggered down the terrace. The throne of Montezuma had been long tottering from internal dissensions. The fire of half extinguished rebellion burned away in many parts the only barriers that staved the vanquisher's tread. For 40 days the three starred comet had glowed in the eastern sky, foretelling the coming of a conqueror, a king, as many years before it had presaged the entry of Titus into Judea. With the Tezucan prophet king the game of M&chtli; — the stakes a kingdom — had been played and lost- The cowardice of the -weak hearted king, who had united the greatest empire the west had known, yet could not defeat a handful of men, had rendered him odious to his peoples. And new the conqueror was here. Cortez had landed at Maliutzin, and after a victorious westward march was feted at the capitol. Had he proclaimed himself the white f aeed Messiah, whose return was promised when yearE before that personage had departed from the western coast on a raft of snakes, his victory would have been without a struggle, and universal Mexico would have bowed to him in subjection. But he claimed this conquest in the name of the Spanish crown, and the outlying nations, leBS fickle than their metropolitan sister, would not surrender to an earthly ruler, while they would have gladly wel comed their long looked for saviour. Cortez. flushed bv his pacific victory at the capitol, and guided by Marina, the Painalan interpreter, who had followed him from his first landing, proceeded on his march of conquest! Near Tuito they were met by a band of native Indians, arrayed in the robes of the Roman Church, and at their head marched a young white face priest, who spoke in the Spanish tongue. They warned Cortez of the great army that lay in ambush about, and begged of him, in the name of humanity, to spare the city. To their petition Marina added her prayers. Cortez was resolute, but through all the fighting that ensued the young priest and his faithful band of disciples seemed every where. Among both armies tb^ty were seen where the fighting was the n^ost terrific, giving aid to the wounded — prayer* to the dead. c. All day, and far into the night, the bloody combat raged on. Through it all the silvered crest of Huerfaao de Marzenti caught the rays of the burning sun, or glistened with the southern moon's bright beams. By midnight the natives were beaten back into the town. A -small detachment under the command of be Marzenti had followed a band of natives up the short lane Hhat lead to the Temple of the Sun. On his approach they hastily took refuge in the temple, where they stood their ground :for eom* time against the Spaniard's steeL At length the foreign skill overcame the brate force of the natives, -and, they wire crowded to the altar's rails. On one altar lay five palpita ting hearts ; on the other thxee^&nd; near at hand, on the instrument for tearing open the breast, 'was stretched the Writhing form of a Spanish prisoner taken early in the day. At the sight th« soldiers became mad. The thrusts valor had directed be fore now came from infuriated maniacs. At the altar the slaughter was terrible. A well directed blow from a native oleft the helmet of Huerfano, and as he thrust madly *bo«t Ha ?word piaread the young pifcfc who sought to stay his antagonists second 'blow, -. ; His face grew ghastly pale as he gave an agonised look at the one he had slain, and with a piteous moan he fell lifeless across the corpse, uttering but one word— 'Marcia!' Following the coaBt line to the North from the Mexican viHage of Tuito the traveller now finds a rocky promontory where once the village stood. The Pacific's surf breaking in little wild moanings on the rocks below sings requiems to those who lie beneath mounds on the farther most point; And the last rays of the sun, as that fiery orb rushes across the sunken Rutasic continent, seem to linger with loving askance over this spot, as if to read in the rude Spanish letterings on these gravestones ' The Story Between the LineB.' 