INDUCTION OF CANON CARLISLE. Tlieiliev. Canon Carlisle was inducted as incumbent of St. MoryV, North Melbourne, on Thursday week last, by the Yen. Archdeacon Stretch, acting on behalf of the. Bishop, in the presence of a large congregation. Among the clergy present were the Revs. Canon Potter (late .vioar of the . parish), . B. .Short, G N. Bishop, O. Bardin, E.G. Borke, G. W. Marsh, A. Toomath, and several others. The order for..evening prayer was said by .Canon.. Potter, and appointed psailms aud HYMUB wore chanted by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Hb'athcote, ."organist.. Special Scripture lessons', were read by. the Keve; Bisliop and Batdiu.: The Rev; K.G. 'Burke .. preached the. induction. eBrmoni. choosing. for .his text St. Matthew if. 9. (revised version)—" And aa - Jesus passed, by from thence, He eawMatthew sittlng at: the place of toll, and said, "Arise,und follow Me, and be arose and followed; Him," After delivering a echolarly and Ibcid exposition of the words of the evangelist, the preacher remarked that he regarded Canon; Potter, their late parish priest, much W' historians regarded Mar-, celius of ancient history fame. Marcellus was the aword of Rome, and BO Oanbn Potter might helooked upon as the eword of the church in Victoria. . He was an earnest preacher, an astute and honest controversialist and a falthful pastor land dispenser of the sacraments. He . had . laboured diligentlyHn the parish, ahd„ had as his one aim tho promotion of truo religion and the extension of Christ's work on earth. With regard to Canon Carlisle, he was s distinct gain to the .parishioners of St. Mary 's,^nd|dne VhqJwould bofouud a faithful steward and messenger of the Lord's. He c»me to them in the .name of the Great Head of the Church, and desired their prayers at the throne of the Most High. The pulpit waa noplace for flattery,; but hi (the preacher) felt that it WOB only right at apch a juncture to dwell for a short time on tbe 'merits of those who served the church faithfully and well;- He would advise the young men. to make Canon Carlisle their friend, The. Ven. Archdeacon. Stretch . then performBd the c.eremony.of induction in. an impressive manner,, and when handing the Bishop's license to Canon Carlisle repeated the following formula:— " Be thou a faithful minister, of God's Holy :Word and sacraments/ : .and a faithful pastor under the Great Shepherd of souls. The L'otd preserve thy going out and thy coming in,. from this time forth for evermore." The Arohdeacon then delivered the customary .charge to. the people, and after an interval of silent prayer for the Divine benediction on the worK-of the church under the new. minister, the servfoe concluded with the singing of the hymn, " Come, Holy Ghost, onr eouls inspire," several short prayers, and the behedletion; 