* Aftf firoinr8s of.i hosts," .lonstere and ýGt.iaetue.Inventea by Varinia Ilcese of'Ien. I have been in lmot eery ew"vo"ieve.seet adnB?believe ,in gh8sts, ?In,. , ; tern'cune treegiostg?are -enera'lly harm= lese.;but' in Aio'nd'Anfrii' they are 6o a malignant and vionood type. The' dread of ghosts is common, to ,all aboriginal races O!,_ IndiaAnd China, and, the only meane em-i ployed to oppose their raado?r end 'mielie, ones diepbositions i to'y build ehrines'fdrtblim and to makel them offerings.,lAny!se aeres". illness; any. epidemio .disease, as small-pox;, cholereta.sr in attributed to the malignancy, of certain of .thoeaspiriis,'rWhb?m ? be proe: pitiated aocnrdioglj.' : n' India the: man tiger is. perhaps, the most dreaded!of all these demon ghosts, for when a tiger has killed a ma the tiger is considered ate frteom harm,ae.the rpirit of the man'rides upon his head and guides him elear of'danger. Ao eordingly it, is beliiived/tbat. the. onlj sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killd 'many people is to begin hy making'bfedIingA to the spirits of his vitim, thereby depriving him of.tbeir.valnablea.tlcae. -In China th.. ghosts moi t propitiaied are of, those who have met "a violent i and ntimLdy 'de.athl'' whether by' design 'or by - naeideont:Evn : women who die in child-bed'oi. ,wretole*?ho :. are banged for their crimes are believed to, have the same power of oausing evil to the living as those who have been illed by any other violent causee, inclodin, poison. disease, lightoink, elta. All thease defiled spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their death.. Tees the "tiger ghdst" is thehlioi?of imm hn killed by i tiger ; the " snake ghost" the ghostof a person who was killed by a snake. In Africa ths "waddy" and "lightning'"ghoels are the most'eommon; buhot the m?et dreaded apirel'i the 8iroooo ghost,r 'which is reputed by the'natives an simplc?able spirit. Mest of the debeased persons whose! spiritsaere, ndow worshipped wee the iencestors ot some of the mboriginei.' ' , p i Tnoe oeremonies observed"?'propiiating' the gliosts oniist mniailybof theoffuring b "o fowls,-pigs, goots, 00 well as of fswerbn an ' feroits; of the reeitation ad'idngieg'igf certain prayers o and' charms beorne the diffeeent' ahrinas. Theme charms or psyyess are ad.'` dreised to the defiled ghoist of thie'?deasd foe., the purpose of oompeling'thn spirits to doeest" from:doing hbdrm or td appea'and reeive the orders of the lperforeirs., After two or ihrese stooesesivo performanoes the ghotsf :is nnid.' : stood tobe placated. 