A MOSLEM SHRINE. UST o the high road, on ar breezy cliff which overlooks the Mediterranean, two little domes peer above a rough, limie washed all. They indicate that a saint and his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie.buried there, and, in their wy, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narro white tombs in all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked 'with waving grasses and slimy eeds ; at its Eastern base a low, white pent- house where dwells the' care taker-a god man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as an excrescence from the northern wall, and built into it, is the oldest of the koubba, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the door reveals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a it of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig-tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdy ; making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern ictre. She bears an airy little.facade of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns-discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to be marble elics, possibly, of the old Roman city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, dangle to and fro under the arcade. At our first meeting the koubbas were simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ri of warmth and light were being returned to the sun which gave them. Nothing was wanting to complete the Eastern glamour of the hole vividl sunshine; white domes clear cut against a blue sky; a tall paln with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half-naked among the tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and there; and, as if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabyle came presently out of the lean-to at the end of the court carrying a cruche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees,a loose niuslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a brigt handkerchief in her glossyhair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy- brown clear skin and large shining eyeShe came, swinging thecrnnhe. to the dilipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm aainst the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, her body bending to the weight like some slender poplar before a gale, her bare *feet planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the.light gleamed in her eyes ; her soft lips parted to ease her breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair and blew it across her face; she tossed it ack with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent and frisky as a lilly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life uefore her in the quiet court, until she marry some grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny corner such asthis, then to go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the rugge mountain sides or in the peaceful valleys of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creature was the daughter of the aretaker, ad lived in the lean-to but with I o't know how many generations of elatives ; for, as well as women and girls, thee ws a swarm of children for ever cralig and scrambling about in the court. I watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocity about them all a steady orking for a few thing=,and a deep enjoyment of the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigour which, as a lesson alone, were worth going out to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most sef-seking of sunny southern towns, where the Frem have signally bridged their gulf \- re foundations of absintlhe and rements to be fulfilled for sous a rted their wild Arabs iot iffommie's, touts, quack guides, and wano which parts, be it said, the e very willing to play); from e Iy, to the tranquil moments of lis a far cry, and hopefully sug possible a.ylum from the noisy, bta and stress amid which most and groan our clays away. es and tombs are favourite h women in all Eastern countries, iigly I find numbers of them here In tle" presence of the dead, it s venture to disregard the living, they have entered the court and walls and a stray stone or so, off theirhabarahs, and, squatting , prepare to enjoy themselves in acrid fashion. Shrouded in the er legs swathed in thick folds of i resembles her sister ghost, aid s er same dull way encumbered w mtery-none of her seeking aid babies. Unveiled, the mono t there, for it goes deeper than the horrible it is to conclude, a tibly we must, that the ave become veritable Nessus. at the shrouds once on can n c off again ; for if put away they a i re, shrouding soul instead of d the shrouding here begins at think of that! A mother of two n mere slip of a girl--comes nearly e Comes shuffling in, a drab a creature, dragging her babies pumctually kisses the same stones hatters in a thin voice for half-an h ore pathetic sight I think Inever s and lined and vacant; gossips lders in whispers and with eyes athe object of it, or at me; laughs s out merriment, ,ind always where ld be more to the purpose ; thei t weary gesture and puts on the s t never was off if she but knew n ufles out again into her cage. T abyle dwellers in the lean-to arc f. No shrouds, palpable or , for them. Hard work in plenty a s hard to rest on, scanty fare, a ocer them ; here are no luxuries But free limbs and a bare head b d a free soul, are gifts from thm t use of Nature, though now per a s hat, scorned and miade light o mtus and whimsies of a high s rld. "Income of one hundred p ear," cries Carlyle, "and no dry r oul of you anywhere; income o o h ed thousand pounds a year, and i t dry-and-wet rot in the soul o y g petites, unveracities, blusteronm and probably-as symbol of al pot-belly, to your poor boet isl);o, my friends? I"--Temple Ban', 