TRAPPED BY HIMSELF. (Concluded.) A IittiB nook its one corner of the veult room w!:- fined up for the watchman's use, with a tib'.e, ch»ir and grate, iu which a tire was brightly burning. Putting off hie own coat and hat, he donned a uniform coat and cp.j) 5 then, lighting his pipe, be eat down for a quiet smoke. Nip. who had been released from leash and ni'izzle, lay down bt his master'* feet and to the dog Donovan thus addressed himself : 'Xip, old fellow, if we had the ten thousandth part of what's in this here vault, we'd he fixed for life. But we'll never have it. If I ha-i, eny, a hundred pounds now, Xip, I'd marry Nellie Tibbite to morrow, take a liule shop in a good neighborhood, and between that and the bank we'd all get along splendidlj, and' But his spoken thoughts were interrupted by a -barp whirr of » bell in the bin -inj-- rooui up stair?. At the sound, he sprang to his feet and inid down hid pipe. ' li'n Mr. Bousor,'* he eaid. ' Lie down there, Xip :' end he hurried up the stairs to admit the manager. ' Is it you, Mr. Bonsor ?' he acked, cautiously, through the big keyhole in the massive front door. ' ' Yes, I)on'i»an,' came the answer; and the watchman at once swung the door open. ' You're a little late, sir,' he Baid, srlanciuir at the electric clock in the bank ing room. 'I was detained.' answered the pre tended Bocsor, placing his bag on the (able in the hall and thrusting his hands into his pockets. As Donovan turned to relock the door, the man's hands were quickly withdrawn, upraised and sudden y descended. A weapon that had been provided for just this emergency — the professional ' skull crack.-r'! — feii with a dull thud upon the watcb:uanJs head, and without a groan the poor fellow -auk to the floor. ' Ab, that disposes of you for the time,' gleefully ejaculated the burglar. Taking a ttout cord from his bag, ha bound Donovan a^ he had previously bound Bonsor. and placed in his mouth a duplicate of the gag that had prevented the manager fron. crying out for help. Then, dragging the man's unconscious body to one eide, he descended the stairs that led to the vault room. A few seconds' manipulation of the knob on the door of the vault, guided by the cabalistic letters and figures in t ha manager's note-book, which he held open in one hand, caused tbe lock to respond, and the ponderous door slowly swung open. He stepped into the vault and cast an eager gl&nce; around. Before be had time to do more there came a muffled growl from the depths of the strong room, and Nip, with gleaming fanes aad flashing eyes, bounded towards him. ' Curselthe brute !' snarled the man. And to protect himself from this un expected foe — he had left his revolver in the bag — he pulled tbe big door to. As it swung- into place he heard something give an otniuous click, and a cry of horror escaped him. For a moment he wbb overcome, and then the instinct of 6elf-preeervation asserted itself, and he cauti usly poshed against the door. It did not yield to tbe pressure, and he pushed harder. It remained as firm ss adamant, and horrible curses and impre cations fell from the trapped man's lips. ' Cajred, trapped, done fnr by my own act, like the fool that I nm,' he cried, 'and my tools are all outside ! The bolts fell in position when the door closed. May the devil take the dog !' Acd then, with a howl of anguish, be threw hi? body violently again and again upon tbe unyielding barrier. He cursed, shouted, and prayed by (urns, but the sound of his voice went no further than the steel walle of the prison. Finally, in sheer desperation, he threw himself upon the floor, exhausted with his vain efforts to regain hie liberty. In the meantime, Donovan had returned to consciousness, and, realieing that he had been duped, and that the treasure that he was paid to guard was in jeopardy, he struggled desperately to break the bonds that bound him. He writhed and twisted, and pulled end tugged, and at length, after what seemed hoars of exertion, succeeded in loosing one of his hands. To completely release him self and remove the gag from his mouth was now an eaey matter. He pot upon his feet with difficulty for a horrible pain was racking his head. He felt faint and dizzy, and hie limbs were stiff and sore. Cooking his revolver, he crept down the stairs into the vault-room. Aip, who had crouched before tbe door, bounded forward to meet him, and then ran back with a savage growl. Tbe watchman saw the burglar's leather bug lying open on the floor, and then the situation was plain to him. ' Thank heaven !' he exclaimed. ' The fool has trapped himself, and the funds of the bunk are safe.' He pounded on the door of the vanlt, and the burglar, hearing the sound, sprang op and began to hammer vigorously on hia Eide of the barrier. ' Open, open !' he shouted. But Donovan heeded him not. Leaving the iotz on guard, the watchman hurried back up-staire, intending to go in search of a policeman. Suddenly there was tbe sharp whirr of the electric bell, and, revolver in hand — for bis late experience had taught him caution — Donovan opened the street door. Instantly .Mr. Boneor sprang in. The watchman re c iled from him as though confronted by a ghost. ' What ! Mr. Bonsor !' be ejaculated. ' I thought— I thought ? . Who, then ie And then, in hie joy at finding that the leal Mr. Boneor was not the villain appear ances led him to believe, he broke down completely, and began to sob. ' Tbe burglar ? — the burglar ?' gasped Bonsor, unable to say any more in his ex citement. ' Safely looked up in the vault, with Nip on guard over him. Thank heaven, it's not you sir 1' answered Donovan. Then he explained how he had been de ceived, and showed the manager tbe weapon with which be had been knocked down. Talking thus, they reached the street, where they eoon discovered a constable, to whom Mr. Boneor, in a few words, explained why his services were required. The manager 'e timely appearance upon th» scene was brought about in this way : Alter the burglar's departure he had managed. tu wriggle from the bed to the floor, fcoum 88 he was, and rolling over and over, hnd at last reached tbe door of the outer room. On ite panels he kicked vigorously until the noise attracted the attention of one of th servants who was passing on her way to the kitchen. It so happened that this servant wae cone other than Nellie Tihbits, the watchman's sweetheart, and, being a courageous girl, she unlocked the door. When she caw (he manager's plight, she screamed for help. Two of the lodgers and the landlad? — the place was a private lodging-houBe of a superior kiud — at once came to tbe cs 6istance and released Mr. Bonsor. Stammering out bis story, nnd borrowing a hat from one of his deliverers, he hurried with what epeed he could to the bank, thoutrh dazed and faint from the effects of the liurglar's rough treatment. He could not imagine bow the fellow had been so foolish hs to lock himself in tbe vault, but Donovan explained the matter. ' It was all Nip's doings, I think, sir.' be said. '' The feliow deceived me — for I am ashamed to s«y that I thought it was you, sir, and the likeness is very great — but he could not deceive Nip. Good old dog 1' Tbe constables — another oue bad arrived — the watchman, and the manager now went down to the vault in a body, and Mr. Bonsor, wbo luckily had a duplicate liet of the combinations, unlocked the door. The burglar made no resistance, and, handcuffed securely, was taken to the near est police station. After his remand from the police-court I was instructed to find out whether he was ' known' as a former crimmnl. I recog nised him as an old offender, just out of prison, whose acquaintance I had more than once made officially. For this latest ex ploit he was sentenced to a long term of penal servitude. The bank directors rewarded the dog's master with a present of a hundred pounds, and Mr. Davey, the chairman, out of hie private pocket, completely furnished a neat house in the new neighborhood, on thu ground-floor of which the watchman opened a grocer's shop which Miss Nellie Tibbits — or, rather, Mrs. Donovan — assisted by Dono- van's mother, looked after. Mr. Bonsor still smokes bis after-dinner cigar and drinks his prandial brandy and water ; but remembering what serious consequences might have resulted from bis indulgence in the other habit, he has com pletely eschewed the before-dinner drink of whisky. And in this he is wise, for tbe obvious moral to be drawn from hit ex perience is: 'Never drink with stranger*, whether before or after dinner.' — Weekly Budget. 