Gems from the Schoolroom. Miss A. C. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Correspondent for the best collection of schoolboy " howlera ¡" and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter MÍBB Graham says : " When I learned one day the remarkable fact that 'Ilaied and Odessae translated Euripides/ I felt that the time had come for action j I was seized with a burning desire to Bhare with others my joy in those facts ¡ and as a means of spreading the ' New Learning,' I began to collect from examina- tion papers and answers in class whatever-would throw new light on old subjects, I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my v ' gems/ They are all bona fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged ; in most caseB I have still the original documents from which they are taken. Among " seleoted specimens" from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following : DIVINITY.-Esau was aman who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.-Explain the difference between the re- ligious belief of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sun- day on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak ¡ therefore the Jews had no dealing with the Samaritans.-Titus was a Roman Emperor-sup- posed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews his other name was Oates. ENGLISH HISTOBT.-Oliver Cromwell waB a man put into prison for his interference in Ireland, when he was in prison he wrote " The Pilgrim's Progress'.' j and married a lady called Mrs. Q'Shea. -Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated | several times, said to Cromwell, " Ah ! if I had only served you, as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age."-? Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, | who was afterwards called Lord Wellington; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, it has been taken down lately.-Who was Henry III P A zealous supporter of the Church and died a Dissentry.-What is Divine Bight? The liberty to do what you like in Church.-What is a Papal Bull? A sorb of cow, only larger and does not give milk.-Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said ho was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people. ^ DEFINITIONS.- Phoenicians.-The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal.-A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimera.-A thing used to take liknesses with. Watershed.-A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender.-Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.-A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immaculate.-State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Uni- versity. Hydrostatics.-Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. ENGLISII LANGUAGE AND LITERATURE.-Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.-The sonnet is a thing that has in its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzetto). Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Christianity, 507 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French, and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years. Hamlet waa very weak- minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profains madness ; he really only put it on, but some people say he was mad. One day when ho was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink and he had put poiain in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immedi- ately stabB his father and drinks the poison and dies.-What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature ? We mean the time of Casdmon, who flourished and wrote "Cornus" about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. 