MR WALTER BENTLEY. PRODUCTION OF “HAMLET.” “Hamlet” is the one “legitimate” drama which is always sure to attract an audience, and it is the touchstone by which the ex perinced playgoer tests the merit of a new actor. When an artist hat been successful, the one remark that is sure to be made is “ I should like to see him in ‘ Hamlet.’ ” This test Mr Walter Bentley will dare to-night, when he will play Hamlet at the Academy of Music. It is a task for which his previous career has given him peculiar advantages. He has had the benefit of all the light which has been thrown upon the character during the fourteen years that have passed since Mr Henry Irving revived the play at the Lyceum Theatre in 1879, whon what may be called the third study of the part took its place upon the stage. The first was the majestic but stilted Hamlet of the Kemble school, of which we saw the last representative when the late Mr William Creswick visited this country. The second was the fair-haired, youthful, and highly romantic prince introduced by the late Mr Fechter, and made familiar to Australian audiences by Mr Alfred Dumpier, and latest is that of Mr Irving, who takes the play as having been intended by Shakespeare to em body tho philosophy of his own day, presents it in Elizabethan costume, and so prevents the from being troubled with those anachronisms that inevitably proceed from any attempt to throw the action back to the age in which the real Hamlet lived, if he ever did live at all. / It was in the February of 1888 that Mr Bentley first challenged public opinion as to his power to adequately represent this complex character. He arranged tho play to suit his own conception of tho part, and had it printed so that the public might see what his intentions were. This is in itself a boon, for nothing is more uncomfortable to the student, familiar with the' text of Shakespeare—and who is there to whom “Hamlet ”is unfamiliar—than the uncertainty as to whether the alterations he cannot helj) but notice are the result of acci dental omission, or the development of a well-planned scheme. Mr Bentley gives a concise and clear text, with only such cuts as the exigences of time render necessary. His own reading is scholarly and studied, but its study has been directed to make the impersonation natural and interest ing. The company by which he is supported. contains many artists who should be seen to advantage in the parts set against their names. Mr Lucas is down for Laertes, Mr Cris for Horatio, Mr Fabort for the Ghost, Mr Foster for Osric, which should exactly suit him, Miss Gladys Leigh for Gertrude, and Miss Lilia Wilde for Ophelia. W. Owe s, Sports Depot, 13 Sturt street, supplies all Cricketing Goods, Tennis, Bowls, &c.;, &c.;, at the Bame price as the Sports Depots in Melbourne, and customers can select for themselves Full price list in another column. 