CHRISTMAS SPECIALTIES. This is not a Christmas story, but it , is about something which has become .quite sis indespensable to the season of the year as ghosts and other impossibly things that are associated with the last weeks of December in a literary way. The practice of sending out friendly' and affectionate greetings by means of ■Christmas Cards has grown into a -custom—and a very pretty one, too. As the somewhat silly Valentine rage has subsided the practice of distri buting Christmas and New Year -cards has increased enormously. And the art exercised in the production of these cards has developed wonderfully. When Mr. Davidson, of E. S. Wigg and Son's, was in London last June he went through the samples of the big houses, and personally selected this year's supply for his firm. The -cards are now displayed in their cool basement show room, and are worth a visit if only to look at them. All sorts and conditions of these Christmas missives are represented, from the plain -ehromo to the elaborate box card with plush and satin fringe. There are^ figures cut out, such as Japanese and Tyrolese, and Hindoo and Hibernian, as well as dainty miniatures of his torical buildings like Westminster Abbey, Windsor Castle, Canterbury Cathedral, &c.; The figure tableaux are exceedingly pretty, especially a minuette, while a little coach with the Prince and Cinderella inside will excite the admiration of "dem kiddies" who have just mastered the fairy story. Messrs. Wigg & Son have handsome cards from 10s. 6d. down to 20 for Is. Mr. W. 0. Rigby, too, is quite up to date in the new designs and the choice triumphs of this year. In his large display room he has a fine show of the folding gem series, some of them being prettily jewelled. There are also jewelled booklets besides the ordinary booklets that have become so popular. Inmost cases the verses are by the ever favorite Francis Ridley Havergall and Miss Charlotte Murray, another writer who has come to the fore in this special line. The lLand-painted folding cards are also a feature of the collection, and so are the humorous or illuminated cards, in which a delicate effect of colors is attained by reflection and trans parency. rfcThe box cards are elaborate. Amongst others that may be noted for charm of invention are the hand painted ivorite, the mechanicals, the chromos, and last but not least the hieroglyphic and the comic series. When you look at the thousands on thousands of cards you wonder where they go, but Mr. Rigby explains it by showing the heaps of shilling packages, each containing 30 cards. Here is a story which will remind you that Messrs. Drummond Bros, are again distributing their prize packets of tea. He must have been an inherently honest man, for he entered Drummond's shop and said—" X»ook here, I found a half-sovereign in that pound of tea I bought from you. It must have got there by mistake. Here it is." " Never mind-—-keep it," was the reply. " What! you mean to insult my honesty. I didn't come here for that." " It's all right," was the soothing assurance; "we give away gold and silver with our tea at Christmas time." 