%\t isajSkc PLAIN J 0_H_N SMITH. ( Continued.) - What had induced that man to go i -wrong ? I had seen pictures of .mur- \-- - derera and wrong-doers by the score; had indeed paid a visit to that mighty iiiSviuuiiiOiif wnerBj iura couBiuciuiiiuU) humanity is introduced to rows and rows of these interesting specimens of his race — waxen images lacking but the "vital spark"; in all these I had seen, or fanoied I had seen, written on their faces, indications of the abyss into which, they had fallen. But the countenance before me, cast down with its weight of shame and remorse, with its, noble features and apparently high-minded simplicity of expression — what contri vance of the devil had ever tempted such ,a man to sin? Thus I ruminated, until a movement m the court aroused me. Looking up, I saw that the stbut mdi- \- vidual was getting down from .the ' . -. witness-box; also, my eyes meeting ' - -the dice of a clock opposite, I found that I had outstayed my time by half an hour. Bising, 1 prepared to make my way out. Here I'oxpenenced some difficulty, for -the court had filled considerably since my arrival. » "I hud nearly reached the door, when, .hearing a stir and bustle around me, I 'turned involuntarily, and perceived tha't -the " stoat party's place was now filled by a girl, a mere child she seemed, with a piteous expression, on her poor white ' Jsce, and a pleading look in her great blue eyes. For -a moment she ' gazed wistfully on the sea of upturned faces, . -until, lighting on that of the prisoner, she clasped her hands together, and, the tears streaming down her cheeks, moaned plaintively — . " Papa, papa, tell me, what must I . sky?" ' . """.The truth, my darling," came "brokenly from the prisoner's pale lips, and, with one look of unutterable anguish towards his daughter, he bowed his face in his hands, while great sobs Shook his frame. - \- This I saw, and I heard the hubbub of voices that followed, as well as the visual adjuration to "speak the whole 'truth and nothing hut the truth." Then, taking advantage of the noise and com motion, I fought my way out, and, gain- dug the street, made tracksfor theoffice. .' "An -hour late, Mr. Smith; this, musn't happen again," 'said our head \- clerk severely, greeting me watch in 1 'hand. His remonstrance fell on deaf ears, for I was thinking of my prisoner- hero, and wondering what he could have done. All day long the girl's piteous face . haunted me; a vision oE the father's heart- broken countenance pursued me — dt followed me to the " Dooks," where I went to procure samples of some wool which bad just arrived — it got into the wool, and stared me in the face., as 1 ispread those samples before my prinoi- . - pal for investigation— it came' between ;me and the letters I had to write,- and the figures I had to add up. - "When I got home I couldn't see Miss Sweetlove coquettlshly poising a diminutive water- can in close proximity to . the railings j because of this vision. I have, on ac count of it, but a very indifferent recol lection of my mother's tale of woe 1 concerning the domestic, with whom I \- believe she had come to open rupture. X went to bod early to escape it, and \- dreamt all night of wild blue eyes ap pearing to mo in most impossible places, mingled with fitful gleams of thm prisoners with despairing .faces, fat , witnesses, barristers in gown and wig, to say nothing of Jims and Bills in numerable. Now, for an unimaginative _ 'young man like me this was, to say the least, a strange state of mind. . I can only account for it by .supposing that when a prasaio, matter-of-fact individual does chance to give his- imagination, -play, it runs a great deal further with ?bim, and the visions it creates stick to him far more persistently, than is the case with those whoareforeverdabbling in streams of fancy. Coming clown'next morning, I found my mother neither rattling among the oups and saucers, nor yet, duster in hand, mopping the furniture ; neither was she giving the maid the benefit of her tongue. In fact, my mother, was engaged in none' of her usual pursuits on this morning, but sitting idly gazing before her,- her hands crossed on her lap; and the newspaper lying at her feet. " Oh, John 1" she cried, when my "good morning" made her aware of my presence ; " oh, good gracious, John I I've had such a turn I" . ' 1 Now, although my dear mother was subject to these anomalies of nature, on any other occasion and under any. other circumstances 1 should have 'enquired what had brought thi3 special turn" about; but, with my imagination awakened, my thoughts running on thin prisoners and their blue-eyed daughters, I felt no inclination to listen to a history of further enormities on themaid Mary's part, for I had no doubt it was to our domestic my mother owed her " turn."-. Making no reply, therefore,' I drew a chair up to the table, and commenced my breakfast.' ' " To think of things coming to suoh a pass as this I" my mother went on, dolefully shaking her head, as she dropped the sugar into the cups. " Dear, dear I the ups and downs of this world." " By George, mother, look out, or you'll have the tea over I" cried I irrit ably, as my mother nearly . brought about such a catastrophe in handing me my cup. "Goodness, John I why don't you take hold of it, then? I declare I'm that put out!" exclaimed my mother, with an emphasis on the that'.' which- seemed to hint that, under the .cirqum- . stances, any little irregularities : were perfectly excusable. ' ' " Why, what's the row ?" -said I, - vulgarly and ungraciously, thinking that, pbrhaps it would be better to hear the whole , story at once, and get it' over, knowing well' that! must hear it some time. " Has Mary broken another win dow, or some more of thb' best dinner service, or — ""No," no— it's nothing to do with Mary, Jobn. " It's- something I read- in the paper this morning." ' , ; "Indeed I" iaid I, with a resigned sigh;- as I broke the shell of my .egg, " is there to be a potato famine ? have coals'gbne up again ? or— " " Do be quiet, John, and don't worry one so," my 'mother 'broke in ; " you'd never guess, no, not .if. you were to fry from now till Ohnstmas. I don't be lieve you've ever heard the gentleman's name even." ' . . _ This enigmatical mode of speaking did not surprise me ; I was accustomed to it, being, as it was, a peculiarity of my mother's ; 30 I answered calmly— " Then I certainly shall not attempt to guess it. Do you propose enlighten ing me, though ?" ' " Oh, you can read for yourself ; it's there in the paper." My mother was evidently annoyed at my laok of interest, so, rousing myself, and trying to throw off the evil, humour that clung to me this morning, I said. " What's the ' man been doing, mother ? and how does it affect you ?" " It doesn't effect me," replied she, a little mollified ; " only I once knew him— in a way, that is — for, of course, the Major moved in a much higher circle than such as we. Eh, dear! such pleasant ways he had with him, when he came to see your father about the farm — bless me I that's sixteen years and more baok.f " Then it must have been before we left Thornton," said I, carelessly. " What's his name ?" " I don't suppose you'll remember anything about him, John, you were too young ; but you'll recollect Hetty, may be—a stout, lusty young woman with -red hair — stayed with us a good bit, and a nicer, handier girl I wouldn't wish for. Well, she came , to me straight from the Grange, and. that's where Major Douglas used to live. He owned a deal -of land about ; your poor father's farm belongedto him too." ; - " And what's wrong with him ? Has he run through the property ?" . ' " Worke than that," said my mother solomnly. There were queer tales flyihg about even in our time. Toil see he'd been twice married, had Major Douglas, and the son he had by the first wife was a wild, harum-scarum sort of lad always. Pve heard it ' said his father was for ever paying his debts. Goodness, John! I couldn't tell you the heaps and heaps of money I was told that boy cost the poor Major." My mother paused, and looked at me across the teapot, as if xpecting me to - make a remark; bnt as I only looked at her, stirred my tea, and said nothing, she went ori. ' " 'fWell, the last I heard from Thorn ton was that he'd sold the estate and left the Grange. Your Aunt Jane did say it wa3 all along of his son. It's all in the papers about him now. I sup pose," she concluded, shaking her head mournfully, " I suppose he was fast for some ready money, and so he signed a name he hadn't ought to." «« Then it was a forgery," said I, and suddenly I thought of my lean prisoner. " What sort of man was he ?" I asked eagerly; "A thorough gentleman from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot," answered my 'mother promptly. " What mode liim do it passes' me al together. It was trust money he had in-keeping for some one else ; as far as I can understand, he intended to put it back, 'poor fellow I before it 'could be missed: The papers say he never touched it, mind you— it was found out too soon ; but for alltHat he's got penal servitude for five years." " But what was he 'like — personally, I mean ? - Was he tall and thin, ' with grey hair and moustache; - finely-Cut . features dark eyes— — ?" ' ' \- " That's just him," "my mother inter rupted; "though, when - 1 saw him last, his hauf was-! near as brown as yours. Well, well, to think of him then 1 a gayer, kiiiderheartbd man didn't live. It's quite upset me, it has ; dhd worse than all, they had- his daughter up to give evidence against him.- The' poor girl fainted afterwards, and they had to carry her frbfn the' court. -. 'The paper says it was mostly through what she' said he -was convicted. - Poor ohild I she can't be mnch 'more than 'fourteen or fifteen.'' 'L'et's see,- she- was 'born twelve months' before- - : The rest of my mother's reminiscences' were lost upon ine ; for, haviig 'finished, my breakfast, I picked' up '-the' paper and read the story for myself.- There- it was in black and white, ihuch as' my mother had narrated it. It did not-sky: in so many words that the son's ex travagance had ruined the father; but,' having given my imagination the reins,' having fallen into that reverie, and heard that pale-faced girl's pitiful wail, my fancy supplied all the rest. I|put the paper down, saying to my self as I prepared to start for the office, " There's no doubt about it ; the poor man'smoresinnedagainstthansinnmg." , Thus ended the first act in the ro mance Of my life. Seven years passed away. Seven years ; during which time the most startling event that happened was the death of my poor mother. I will say nothing more- about this ; it has nothing to do with the story, and I loved her dearly. I had left the little house next to Miss Sweetlove's; most of the furniture was sold. I occupied apartments in a dismally-respectable terrace in . the town, and very lonely I found them sometimes. I was head-salesman in our office now, getting a pretty good salary. .Long ago I had abandoned, in despair, the fruitless attempt to raise whiskers ; and 'really I think the scant supply. ,.I. possessed . thrived' better,' left ' to tjieir own devices, than they did with all.. the care I used to lavish upon them. . M. ' \- " x can't say with truth that in these . jears l had never felt any touch of. the " tender passion," for I- have distinct recollections of a strange flutter in the hegjon of tfie heart befalling me on that Sunday when the Miss Bobinsons ap peared in new blue bonnets ; but those bonnets grew dirty, and the flutter died away.'- I algo remember a certain Fanny Price, whom I met at Miss Sweetlove's carpet dance ; I forget how many times -I danced with her. I . took her down tq supper, pulled crackers with her, attended with solicitude to all her little wants, and looked, or tried to look unutterable things the while ; she apparently smiling ditto back to me. But, oh, false, deceiving- Fanny Price ! that day fortnight I heard from Miss Sweetlove's own malicious lip3 fhat . Fanny Pnce was no more, and that Fanny Grundy reigned m her stead. ..' It was my twenty- seventh birthday. This fact brought me no pleasure. I knew no one who would make me any presents, and I suppose that's what . birthdays are generally welcomed for. I, at least, saw nothing to rejoice at in having marched one step nearer the grave — one year nearer the solution of that terrible mystery — a span, perhaps, . on the road to that- " undiscovered bourne" which most weak mortals dread. . so to contemplate, doubtl»ss on account of its obscurity, and the knowledge that all must perforce travel thither. The church bells were ringing loudly on that June morning; for it was Sun day, and the people in the street below were hurrying to their different places of worship. I could hear, the subdued clatter of their footsteps plainly, as I sat at my solitary breakfast. Suddenly I formed a, resolution. I - -would go to the parish chnrch and hear the anthem ; they - had capital music -there. In this way I would celebrate my natal day. I soon dressed myself, njid made-one of the stream of people . wending their way to church -and chapel. - - I had some distance, to walk, and by the time I reached St.. Mary's the con . gregation .were singing the "Yenite." ' Put me anywhere," I whispered to the verger: Accordingly, when I had put down my hat, and -found my .place, -I be came aware that-the other, end of the - pew was already occupied .by a young lady. Another look,- and I saw' that she was dressed in black,- or something Very dark.- - Another, and I noticed that she wore a thick veil. Then a lot of promiscuous glances, for I couldn't - keop my eyes off her. There, was I in stead of listening to the music I had come to hear, twisting and screwing my eyes into' the most painful positions. If I could but pierce that veil, and see the face beneath 1 What.Iovely golden hair I What a" pretty hand I What a graceful figure 1; There was suoh a nameless air ofqiliet sadness hanging about her. Had she lost her father, or mother, or — no, she looked too young; to have had a lover ; no, she didn't look like that sort of thing, &c.;, Ac. Thus I -ruminated, -while the object of my speculation seemed unaware even of my presence. Glad am I that she did not observe my- rude and vulgar staring1 There she sat or stood, absorbed appar ently in her devotions. I am ashamed to say that I have but a -'very imperfect recollection of that service, the musio of which I have every reason to suppose was. good. I believe they wore somewhere m the middle of the anthem, but what the : anthem was about I haven't the ghost of an idea ; I only know-that it chimed in very pleasantly with my meditations ', concerning my interesting companion. " .... Well, they were in the midst of the anthem, when I was startled by hearing a faint-Sigh, and, turning quickly I wa3 just in-time to see the book slip from - my fair neighbor's hand, and her arms drop heavily to her side, while she her- < self sank helplessly on to the seat. Here' was a nice- predicament for a bashful young man | Xwasatjier side directly, trying to rouse -he An old gentleman from the pew behind came to my assistance, and v . together we half led,, and- half carried her out. , " She's fainted, poor thing ! It's the 'eat;" said the verger, as he hurried off forkome water. We raised her veil. Ah/ lliwas not. .mistaken I I think .1 never ? feheld so " lovely a face, all set round in a frame . of golden, hair ; hut,, oh ! so pale and — white — not one vestige of colour even . in the lips. V ''Poor thing! poor 'thing!". --mur- . mured the old gentleman, as we. chafed. ' her hands and sprinkled her face with . ' cold water." Slowly the colour came ' fluttering hack to cheek and lip ; slowly she opened \- .'. her great blue eyes, and looked at us vaguely at. first then wonderingly ; at last starting up, "Where anil?" she .asked, lobkihgfiom one to the other in perplexity; We told her how she had fainted, and we had carried her out of church. - She. thanked us with simply dignity, for our " trouble and kindness," ac- counting for her indisposition by reason of the heat'. On my offering tc escort her home, she. gently but firmly refused my company, in such manner that I, cou'd neither, take umbrage at the re fusal nor urge any further my request. ' Saying that she felt' quite revived now, ana that the fresh air would soon com- pletely restore her, she bowed gracefully and left U3. I watched the pretty, lithe ' figure until it swept out of sight,.; ;hnd then, with a sigh, turned back into the ' church.; Oh, what had wrought the change there?" Had the sun ' gone . ' "behind a cloud, and left us all in dark- ' ness ? Was " this the' niusic whose beauty I had Heard extolled ? And 1 the sermon— surely, surely, never such a : long, dreary sermon was droned out of any pulpit as that which 'foil upon my . restless ears on my twenty-seventh birthday. I can scarcely describe' the state of mind which followed — the restless, dis- ' satisfied feeling that took possession of me-the sense of delicious' misery that '."fell upon me,, causing'the '.most, erratic proceedings on my part.;' , aimless . wanderings, speculations, .an.d eogita- tions, all relating - to tjiat- fair young' ' damsel who had fainted during the ' singing of the anthem at St. Mary's.. Sunday, after Sunday saw me at the parish church ; hut never more did the verger put me into a pew in which 'sat "'an interesting' figure in black; never more beneath that sacred roof, 'search. \- as I would, did mine eyes light upon that sweet pale face and golden hair.' ; This kind of thing went on for some two months. ;. I had confessed' 're-, luctanily 'to 'myself daring that f-time'. \- that John .Smith must be in love— with an unknown maiden, too, who had 'ap- peered and disappeared mysteriously — in love, li ipelessly and madly, with , a . vision of a myth perhaps. ' A nice position, Jhis-for plain John ' Smith! ' ' ! - - ! . ..I v.as beghmingto despair of ever \- . again seeing the face 'that had -brought about such a revolution in -my matter-, - '-.-of-fact heart, or brain— rwhieh is it -this. ; sort of thing generally affects-?— when, ; one evening, mooning listlessly- about the streets, as had lately become'a habit of mine, wondering vaguely if- it could : a'l have been a dream,, and- I' had . . never really assisted in the- carrying out . and restoring to life of -that fainting \--feir one (for such a- strange,, unusual halo surrounded those hours of my twenty-seventh birthday spent in ' St. Mary's Parish Church, that I began to doubt -their reality) — as I said, then,, strolling moodily along,, my heart sud- dimly liuttered wildly and then seemed \--to stand still, while the blood rushed madly through my veins. 'A- queer sen sation, you'll' admit, for commonplace John Smith, and all on account of ..a face which the light of a. shop window I . was passing shone upon. You'll guess whose. I don't doubt, r ; v . "Without, a. moment's . thought,. j turned quickly and followed.;, I had no . object iu view that. I was aware . of, except that it was bliss to be' near her, and again to admire the graceful figure . walking along so quietly before me, and -, to catch the gleam of her "golden- linir from b'eueath her. bonnet, as stray rays .. of light from street lamp . or shop win dow revelled for a- moment there. ,.. On she went, and on I went alter her. "What a delicious whirl .of mad delight pervaded all my .senses ! What an un reasoning, stupid, foolish feeling' of happiness fi'ied me 1 Thus we proceeded for some distance ; until we had traver sed several streets, I treading cloSe ' on 1 the footsteps of the fair 'unknown.' Presently she turned up a side road; scarcely had the flutter of her riitrk dress disappeared from my view, when IM6>Jmd gained thirt'toningrrAlas the wjiole Street was eihpty. -1 From be;!' ginning to end of that paltrv- alley not a living'soul ,w:i3 to be_jseen.'- _j3ould .1 have been'mistakenin the faint' light .of tlflit,. autumn. evening.?'.. JWiWly -1 turned hack -and searched the whole, neighborhood; but all' my'' efforts 'were' vain. With blank despair- I-at last gave- up, and disconsolately sought my dreary lodgings. . . ' Why. I should have felt so miserably disappointed I can't tell. I' certainly see no end that could have been gained, even iflhad not lost her thus hopelessly! But this is after reasoning at the time I only experienced bitter defeat: 1 : : , , To be Continued. . ' . 