MURDER WILL OUT. BY PADDY MELON. "Murder'llalluBoome out," said Jaok Fipps, (earing off ragged morsels from a fig of blaok twist with a ricketty wooden-handled knife in the last stages of senile deoay-the type of blade sacred to smokers. "So it do, snre 'nuff," said Tom Johns AS he glanoed with manly regret down at the bottom ot the pewter, which shone palely through the bare inch of amber liquid that remained. "Ah, no gettin' away from that, any road," assented Long Short. There was a pause here, and eaoh thirsty Gonl wondered with secret wrath if this was the ohampion crowd of mean men. Then the silence was broken by the stranger with the mole. "That's a good average specimen of honest rot," he remarked cheerfully. For a fleeting moment the boys gazed on the moley man with contemptuous surprise. " How the dash do you know," snorted Jack Fipps, cramming the tobacoo into his pipe with stumpy forefinger and glaring aggressively upon the man with the mole, "Aw, 'e d'knaw it oal," chimed in Tom Johns with fine irony, as with comprehensive gaze he satisfactorily took the stranger's measure for a fall should things come to a head. "Byes, ye'er forgettin'yer manners," said Billy Muldoon reproachfully, "Shure, this is the chap that tuk China." "He be petrified," yawned Long Short as hiB huge bulk shuddered in the ecstasy of -a satisfying Mretoh.',-- ' It was a hard day in June, and Black's Bush looked the picture of sodden misery., Down the sinuous narrow gully, that contained allot the hitherto prospected ground, tore a raging, buff torrent, dotted here and there with tangled knots of bushes and broken limbs of trees, whose wounded ends gleamed whitely as they surged heavily along, .then disappeared as'the leafy tops showed fora moment above the flood . to sink -again of their own sap-laden weight. Along the higher, ground which bordered Blaok's Gully on either side were sprinkled in random fashion a few soore tents, some of them boasting chimneys from which oozed dejeotedly a sullen cloud of smoke. Here and there stood a spring-dray in the vicinity of its owner's canvaB home, a sad-eyed reeking horse with drooped head in olose attendance, waiting stolidly for a more endurable time, with an unquestioning philosophy, peouliar to horses and Chinamen. From out the open ends of many of the tents, whioh had been fastened back to admit light, their occupants looked sourly forth upon the turbid bosom of the swollen creek beneath whose thickened waters lay their wrecked claims, and as they looked *gave vent to a fluent outpouring of that rugged blasphemy so familiar to the flooded-out gold digger. Occasionally an ioy blast of wintry wind swept through the sombre, swaying needles of the dripping sheoaks on the hillside, Btirring them to mournful lamentations, and then died away; while over all there lowered such a hopeless, gloomy Bky; a great pitiless dome of impenetrable gray, below whose sur faoe drove drearily onward huge swollen billowy masses of purple cloud all Bhaded and bordered with a livid ashen tinge that was distinctly ghastly. On a projecting spur whioh overlooked "The Gully," stood the two grog shanties, general store, and blacksmith's shop, that Black's dis covery of the precious metal had lured to the spot. It was within the canvas walls of "Nosey" McLaren's "El Dorado Saloon," one of the aforeBaid shanties, that the knot of men I have introduced were assembled, doing no work from necessity, and getting drunk in obedience to an unwritten oode that imposed upon their leisure moments the pleasing duty. At this moment the regards of the company were oentred upon the bold stranger who had dared to proffer an independent and oontrary opinion to those held by Nosey MoLaren's familiar spirits. Yorky had not spoken hitherto, being quietly engaged in taking stook of the man with the mole. Now he joined foroeB with his oomrades, remarking in atone of polite enquiry " Happen thoos got a loife ta hartswer for, yoursen ?" "Thoos got it, owd North Country," was the disconcerting reply, and the man with the mole lifted the pewter to his lips, nodding a health to Yorky ere be drank. "I shurely bleeve,"broke in Billy Muldoon, audibly soliliquizing in an agony of apprehen sion lest he should fail to secure a prominent place in the ooming shindy, " 1 shurely bleeve 'tis the ghost of Ned Kelly we sthruck." " Bless you, no! I aint," said the man with the mole earnestly, "Ned Kelly waB no more like me than an Irish bummer's like astatueof Plenty." Mr. Muldoon, whom a life of stirring inci dent bad admirably adapted for sudden orises, was about to dispatch a pint-pot at the fore head of the speaker, when the missile was deftly wrenched from his graBp by Long Short. This gentleman rightly conjeotured that the de struction of the stranger with the mole oould hardly be aooompliBhed in the limited area available, with due regard to his (Long Short's) own proper oomfqrt, as Billy Muldoon was an artist who required a good deal of room to do himself justice. Moreover thiB companion able new ohum on the field might possibly con template shouting for the boys, a pleasing oeremocv little likely to take plaoe should Billy Muldoon kiiook him on the head with a pint-pot. "This yer giddy young thing aint to be trusted with the family plate, Nosey," said Mr. Shore, as he handed the battered old vessel to that gentleman. " I'm frightened it'll git dis figured ef you don't put it in the ohest along . a the other old anshint hairloome. As for you, Mr. Muldoon, Heae-^-quire, you oueht to be ashamed to be out in the daylight fora month. There aint another bloke on this rush as would haim a mug at a man that was just agoin' to hack him to 'ave a drink." . "An*hftt'sthrue,soitiB," assented Billy with great ehfeerfblneBS, as the stranger, catching the landlord's'"eye," winked and nodded compre hensively round, with a gentle elaj) of the pocket which gave forth a reassuring jingle. In a twinkling a pewter of beer or a nobbier-; of " hard stuff" stood in front of eaoh of the bays, and the man with the mole threw down the money with a jovial carelessness which wrought a species of fascination upon bis com-: panionBashesaid - 44 Yos, chaps, I've taken life, myself - and it never was found out. * Murder will out . indeed! You might as welt say L Arson will out.* You can ask the Fire Insurance'Com* panies their opinions about the latter. - If you like III tell you about my little affair just to kill the time," A ready assent, carryinga heavy percentage of earnest profanity to indicate a polite deBire to hear the story, greeted this proposition, ana a grinding of spirit oases and ohair legs and a soggy shuffling of heavy boots upon the clayey floor as the crowd settled comfortably in their seats took place. . . The boys were graciously pleased to drink with and be entertained by tbe moley stranger, but the stony look of inoredulity with which they prepared to listen, was before long ' but I am anticipating. T , The man with the mole proceeded--- Its twenty years sinoe it happened, so I think I'm prettv safe, and if I don't tell you where it occurred 1 don't take any unnecessary chances, 44 Well, I was working on a UBW rush; batter I was. Deuce the mate had I but old Bawley; he was a cross between a bull-terrier and a re triever, dead game, as wise as Solomon and not half as frivolous. I wasn't doing, so bad, as I'd struok a nioe little patch of eurfaoeat the mouth of a blind' gully. It _waB a bit away from the main rush, and I had it all to myself, and I meant to work it for all it was worth, I promise you. I'd pitohed my tent olose handy, and worked away contented enough. Twice a week I used to go in to the store for what I wanted. If I had any gold I'd cell it, and tolerably often got drunk too, naturally enough." ,4A' conrse J'1 44 8h d think BO," "Certainly," greeted the narrator m eympathetio chorus. He proceeded : 44 It was so confoundedly scrubby about those parts, and the bloomingbills were so mud) alike,,, that I always took old. Bawley with me to. enow me the road home, for I've got, terribly bad lamps at night, ohaps, and always had. I didn t half i-care about taking him, either, and 111 tell you why! The truth was, I found that when I was away in the township BomesoalUwag made it his business to oall at my tent and go through it. One time when I came home I foundhed eaten half a loaf of bread and nearly a tin of jam I'd opened that morning; the rest of the loaf he'd thoughtfully tramped into crumbs on the floor, with'the jam tin alongside it.^ Next trip he'd been at the flour,- torn a hole in the bag because the mouth waB tied, and taken about half a bucket, and all my sugar. He left the tin it was in though; tosBed it ofi the table into my bunk and a billy full of cold tea that he didn't require, along with it. Pretty rough, eh ? What would you think of a fellow that wasn't game to come when a man was about and ask for a measly nioutbful of tucker, but muBt slink round anothieve and destroy when a chap's back is turned ? I tell you straight I felt uglier over these dirty little trioks than it's safe for any man ta feel in "a white mans country. , _ tl " This went on, as I sav, and Hullo, you oST Jack Fipps/desirouB of not disturbing theopmpany, had quietly slipped through' the. doonvay. 44 Just agoin' to give the pony a mouthful; vtain't a five minutes' job," was the : reply, as he disappeared. 11 One day, re sumed the man with the mole, thoughtfully staring at his boots,111 won't forget that day again-I went intt> the township as - usual f j^ldiourpunoea eight p©nny weights ittot^y* stores; struck a new brand of whisky that would melt horsenails; had a fight and got properly dusted \ left-banded chap he was, and a stone lighter than myself, too. I started for home then, sore and savage, and just* aching for a quiet doss on the bunk, for the left-hander had given me all the fun I wanted in less than half an hour. " Well, I pounded along somehow; pretty dizzy I was after the manhandling, and taking little notice of anything as I wobbled on, until as I got over the top of the last sorubby rise above my camp, the dog gave a low growl and set as if he was a trained pointer. .4 By this time it was close on dark, just a flicker of twilight left. I oould make out a lightish blotch that meant my tent, about a hundred yards away on the edge of the gully, and I stopped a moment to listen, with Bawley fixed in front of me as stiff as a poker and dumb as a fish, and ready to blow up with eagerness to be on the job. Presently, sure enough, I could plainly hear the rattle of tinware down at the tent. . 41 Yon oan guesB in three tries that 1 was in pretty good form for an explanation with the chap that had been wolfing my grub and kick ing my traps all ways, to give point to the joke, and thinks I to myself, 41 actually believe somehow that my boarder will settle up to-night, and I'll ohuck him in a farewell^ ban quet, as sure as my name's Tom Smich.'' A slight movement among the boys noted the indiscreet admission of the name, which had evidently esoaped the stranger in the excite ment of narration. He was quick to notice this, and stopped abruptly, as he leaned baok in his chair glancing from one to another with baU-cloeed eyes that glinted like the grey flash of polished steel as his enquiring glance crept hungrily from faoe to face. Then with a slight movement-it oould hardly be called a gesture of indifferenoe-and a half-smile he resumed hiB story as if nothing had happened. " We crept down the hill, Bawley and I, as tenderly as sick nurses, and pretty Boon I heard a great racket inside. My visitor was evi dently chockful of humour to-night, and I hurried up a bit to help him enjoy the joke. This was bad judgment* for I got mixed up somehow with the dead branohes of a pepper mint that lay in my road and kicked up the devil of a clatter, falling about. Sensible Bawley jumped for the tent door the moment I began performing with the old peppermint top, but dashed if he wasn't just too late ! I oaugbt a flash of white as the visitor whisked out of the tent and made a break for the head of the gully, and Bawley's jaws came together With a oliok, just where the chap had been the first part of that moment. 'Away toe pair went like the tail of a oomet; you oouldn t separate 'em as they rattled through the scrub j and me heaving fin6 large adjectives and other vigo rous parts of speech after them as I wrestled with the confounded timber. 4< As soon as I shook loose I took after them of course, but before I came in sight the run was finished. I don't think I ever heard any one give Hplike that fellow did when Bawley got him. You might have heard him sing out nearly two miles away, I swear. 41 Now-you may believe me or believe me not, chaps: but this I'll say, until that cowardly thief began roaring like a fog horn, I never intended for one moment to-to do him. But when I came to think of the mean monkey trioks he'd served me, and heard him advertising my whereabouts to any prospectors that might be camped handy-and there were plenty, all over the shop-and felt all the places smarting where the skin and hair had been raked off in the dead timber, I felt.some thing run all over toe, under the skin, like a rush of flame. I never said a word, but I ground my teeth and made for thoBe two. " As I knew all along, Bawley hadn't hurt him, bat juBt atood over him where he had brought him down. As soon as he saw me he made a "bigger 'din' than ever, and the echoes rolled *wky and-repeated themselves on every hill-tide around. Bawley danced a little as.' I came up, and whimpered and lashed his sides . with his tail as he looked from one to the other. I laughed. _ ''I.madetrgrabat him; anywhere, in the. darkness that, was creeping down, and caught him by the beard with my left bandi.; There was just light enough to see that it was white -that didn't save him-why should it? He'd wantonly done me what injury he oould. and I'd never seen him before, to my knowledge. I snatched at the knife in my belt with the other hand, 'You white- liveredwaater/Isaid. lent his throat." .. The speaker paused in a breathless, kind of way'- before uttering thoBe last four words which told of-the .hideous termination to'his adventure,' and glanced uneasily about the room as if trying to resiBt some inward urging ' that impelled him to proceed. When he spoke of the deed' he half-turned his head as Jihough confessing to some ghostly presenoeat his baok, and his utterance was quick and low, but distinot. ? \- A frozen silence held the room as he finished hiiitale. Outside thesharp scurry ofthedriving rain sang sonorously off the drum-like canvas of the shanty, aU taut with the wet. A long, 16w: w^il came floating, through .the ohilly air from down the. gully: Long Short's dog, chained to his master s bunk during his absence from home, was feeling the depressing influence of the weather, and thus gave vent to his appreciation of it. A hungry crow flew slowly past the door, and as hiB evil eye met the glance of the self-confessed murderer, who looked quiokly lip aB he flitted by, the ebon bird gave vent to a aeries of caws that smote upon the ears of the uneasy listeners like the sardonio laughter of a fiend. Presently Billy Muldoon pushed baok his half- cdhiumed drink with a quiet' purposeful air, at' the same time working his'seat backward from the table with the pressure of hiB feet against the floor; Long" Short's lounging attitude was unchanged, nor did he look-up, as one thrust of his lengthy anh sent his pewter circling perilously across to the other side of the board. No man looked - upon his neighbour, but each one, as if moved by a common impulse, put from him the drink which had been paid for by a blood-stained hand. ' *. . .Kring-g-g." .. Yorky was the first to give a still more em phatic expression of disapproval of his {enter tainer's adventure. Hauling forth a shilling, hethrew'it upon the table before' the man" with the mole, with Buch energy that it rang again. Once more the other men followed a lead, and one after another the coins rang and jangled upon the table, and eaoh individual resumed his seat with a relieved expression of countenance after thuB freeing himself of all obligation to the now repulsive stranger. Then Yorky spoke, " Ah've knocked aboot the world a bit, and Ah thowt Ah'd mixed wi' all sorts, biid dashed if hivver Ah drunk wi' a murderer afoor, an' nivver want to no moor. If Ah've owt to say aboot it thoo's aboot run thy tether, an' that's Btraite." "I'll brfeak him in two halves if, he moves hand or fut," remarked Billy Muldoon, reas suringly. Long Short said nothing, hut his bif! form slowly roBe to the perpendicular. Giving himself a rough shake to' adjust his garments more to his comfort, he drew up his waist strap a couple of holes; ? then carelessly thrusting his chair upon the Harrow passage way which- had been '. hitherto lett;..in the crowded room between the man with the mole and the door, he sank lazily into it once more. There was a matter-of-course air about the big fellow's aotion which to plainly showed that he looked upon it as the legitimate sequence of the gruesome tale, that it might well have im pressed the infatuated narrator very foroibly. This extraordinary man must truly have had nerves of steel. Long since the transient emotion he had exhibited when he reached the climax of his confession bad completely vanished. . While the men were glowering upon him, moved to a dangerous mood by his own reckless folly, he coolly oocupied him self in filling a short black wooden pipe, and now sat quietly regarding them with an amused twinkle in his keen grey eyes; puffing forth huge olouds of smoke as he lay bac k at his ease, comfortably nursing one,foot. "Well now, you know, you chaps are a remarkable collection," he said presently, with an air politely depreoating, but with no symptoms of fear concerning the storqi which was evidently brewing. "I had no idea, really, that this was a divinity students' olass. I imagined that a little adventure like mine would suit you down to the ground. I've generally been pretty suocessful as a story teller ; although I must oonfess this is my first attempt at entertaining dead-beat gully rakers." / This biting sally was reoeived with a digni fied composure not to be ruffled by inconsequen tial trifles; each man being evidently im pressed with a sense of responsibility as he considered the weighty obli gation which the ill- advised man with the mole bad thrust upon the company by his confession. They sat silently staring, every one convinced that it was the obvious duty of some one else to go for the police, and uneasily wondering why the some one else didn't go; eaoh quietly determined that he would stay and Bee the whole -exciting I drama played out, without risking the loss of any sensational situation that might crop up by officiously departing to summon the trooper. Soon, however, every thoughtful face brightened aB the same happy inspira tion occurred to each, Jack Fippa must surely be back very soon; he was obviously the fittest person to go for the offioer, having been absent when the most important part of the story was told, thus losing value as a witness. The man with the mole was apparently growing nettled with the company at length. The oppressive gloom of his auditors was evidently little to hiB taBte, and it was with marked peevishness that he said, " Hey, old Simon, the Cellarer; till this up again, and I'll drink with tht only live man in the oaboose, my noble self. If I was you I'd apply for permission to change the name of this crib; 'El Dorado Saloon'ain't half sug gestive-and it's a sinful lie with it. Call it the'Old Curiosity Shop,' in honour of this fossil party, stranded hereby the backwash of time, ha! ha! ha! Come, are you going to be all day drawing a pint of venom ? Ah! here we are at last, and a top on it like a beak's wig. Well, Here's to the lads of the Iongtom and cradle; To each one a skinful of wliisky and grub. May they nerer sup sorrow with teaspoon or ladle, Or bottom on less than an ounce to the tub. " And so I'm a naughty man, eh, boys ? But I bear no malice, devil a grain. To prove it I'll finish my story. * That's right, gammon you don't want to hear the end of it.; and you couldn't shift a man out of his seat with out a Dinch- bar all the time. I'm not a wooden man." This last pint of beer evidently crossed a line of demarcation between sobriety and drunkenness. The man with the mole had somewhat suddenly suocombed to the *'she oak's "potenoy; no uncommon oocurrenoe, by the way.: in the progress of a spree. It was evidently tjie* last straw, and the spectators awaited farther developments 'with a hungry refreshed cariosity, fie proceeded in drunken soliloquy-' . , . , "Yes, I'll finish the story right enough. .Finish, eh? I think I did finish him-and what of it?' Tell me that? What about it, 'I'm asking t" He banged the flimsy packing case table until it danced upon its fragile legs and stared truculently about him, his flushed features working with a sullen fero city that gave thq, first indication of how dangerous the man oould really be. Motion ing with insolent gesture to the landlord to replenish his pewter, he continued- . ** I'm g man; I'm not a mouse-and I i killed him ; cut his throat. I'm aoan. I am; ? I'm no mouse. ? I can show you th6 kbife no, it's a"lie; I lost the knife tune' of the big flood in seventy-eight. But I'm not a mouse, and I'll tell you what I've got. Here it is, too," slapping his pooket, "I've got a tobaooo pouch made of the beggar's skin. Yes, that's me," he went on, looking round fiercely,"as a murmur of horror arose, "no quail on toast about this infant.' If;you want the "rest of him, go to . Here, I'll lay you a wager.". .. . . Hte broke off suddenly, wandering to another subject with -drunken inconsequence, and his manner suddenly changed toJooiBterous jovi ality as he winked heavily at the landlord and wenton- ?? ? . ? - .. ' " " Who's on for a sporting wager ? Don t all speak at once. I'll lay any sport in the crowd a quid to a gooseberry that the joker who went to feed his pony brings a new sort of nag back with him; one that walks on two legs and carries his hobbles in his waist belt next door to a six-shot gun. That's right, Scotty; here'e your staff, and here's look to Bobby Burns, the man who struck Buckley, eh? Here's to the lads of the longtom and cradle-" . A firm, decided step waB heard approaoh ing, acoompanied by the squashy shuffling tread of. a second person, and the next moment asudden gloom pervaded the^shanty, as a stranger stood ft xnowentj filling th® small doorway preparatory to walking smartly up to the man with the mole. He waa followed Bomewbat reluctantly, apparently, by J&ck; Fipps, whose newly-assumed air of dispas Bionate justice bore a strong resemblance to uneoBy eheepishness. There was no mistakrogthe calling of Jaok Fipps's companion. "Police trooper was written plainly on the tall olean-built form attired in well-fitting BedfordoordBand riding boots, and natty tweed sao coat and broad leaved soft felt hat. He was evidently at home at his business; pointing to the crown of his destined prisoner's hat-which was now pre sented to him as the wearer had sunk his faoe upon his folded arms, breathing stentoroualy in real or assumed Bleep-he said, in a short, direct way " This the man ?"' Jaok Fipps's mouth opened in answer, but his reply was lost in the unanimous ohoruB of eager affirmatives which filled the room as each excited spectator rose to his feet and crushed into the ring which was at once formed about the two principal persons of the oacasion. " Come, wake up !" continued the -trooper b sharp tones, aB he caught the brim- of the sleeper's hat, jerkin? it smartly backward. As be did so the man looked slowly pp. Gazing intently into the offioer's tyes for one long drawn moment he winked solemnly. Then a slow -smile'stole upon bis mobile featureB, gradually growing brighter and brighter, as with quiok comprehensive glance he took in the open-mouthed throng that sur rounded him. . . "Well, I'm hanged! It's you, ib it? ex olaimed the astounded trooper, as he got a view of the upturned faoe. "So you re the gory assassin, you utter fraud," shaking him warmly by the hand as he spoke. Then turn ing to Jack Fipps, "What a heayen-born detective you are," he said, withermgly, while that gentleman glared blindly upon bim in superlative bewilderment, "giving us your .dime novel gag of a murder twenty yearB old, . and all that tommy rot." "I'm nearly as glad to see you, though, as if you were the dazzling destroyer that was gomrf to give me a lift to a better station than thia God forsaken hole," added he to the man with the mole, who, perfeotly sober, was evi dently thoroughly satisfied with the state of affairs, from the expression of deep enjoyment his faoe wore. " Our gifted friend here, con tinued the trooper, and indicating with mook deference the suffering Jaok Fipps, "sugges ted shooting you through a slit m the oanvas, to simplify your arrest." Then the officer of the law turned in explana ion to the befogged crowd of spectators. "This is no mnrderer.boys, butonly an ass, he said as he propelled the stranger towards the door, " I'm aure I ought to know, for he a my brother, and haB been ever since he was a baby, so if you'll excuse UB I'll take the beggar down to the camp and feed him, and perhaps he'll go to sleep. He's not so much of an ass when he's asleep, and it's the only time I m not ashamed of him." ? , " It's gospel truth, all the same, what I told you," laughed the man with the^mole, and to prove it, here's the tobaooo pouch made of his skin I told you of. Leave it with old Nosey herewhen it's empty, for me," and he tossed the artiole to Long Short. . The big man bestowed upon it but brief scrutiny when his terse verdict Enlightened the boys at once. "Goatskin!" A roar of delight from the appreciative boys swept out with the retreating forms of the brothers as they proceeded towards the police camp down the gully. .... " He's a harrd case, yon," said the imper turbable Nosey McLaren, "Ah kenned him whiniver he cam ben the door, but he gave me th' ofice no tae lat on that Ah kent aught aboot him, tho' many's the nobbier he's had in my hoosewhen Ah.kept the hotel in town. But he's awfu' olever at his beezness. ... ""N what might his business be besides tellin' pretty fairy tales?" enquired LongShort as he filled his pipe from the eloquent relio. " JiBb pettin' them doon in blaok an white, replied Nosey with composure, as he gathered a' treeaddoee co-all that?" enquired Tom Johns with a laugh. "A journalist and playwright, was the ""'Ah would take short odds yon felly make mair oot a Blaok's Rush in yin day nor what a' you lade'll mak in a week s workin. So the boys closed up and went to work with singleness of purpose upon the sovereign which the murderer had left with Nosey McLaren, " to help the day out," hesaid. THE END. "What pretty little children you have!" said tho new minister to the proud mother of three little ones. "Tell mo, my little dear, taking a little girl upon his lap, "are you the oldest of the family?" " No, air," responded the little miss, with the accuracy of childhood; " my pa's oldeir 'n see." 