AMERICAN PRISONS. BY CHARLES COOK. AFTER twelve years' absence, I am revisiting the prisons of New York, and I am greatly surprised at the laxity which prevails in the system of goal discipline. " Truth is stranger than fiction." After taking the morning service in the church of the Sing Sing convict prison, I went round with the chaplain and visited the men in their cells. One prisoner was playing with a diamond which he said he had found among some rags : another was in bed smoking a pipe; a third was boiling some water over his lamp to make some tea, which he acknowledged had been brought in surreptitiously from the outside world. " If the warder sees me, guess I'll be reported," he remarked. The man in the next cell was passing a note to his fellow prisoner, by the aid of a piece of stout wire and a pair of scissors, but our presence disturbed him, and he dropped his apparatus outside the cell door, and was dependent upon me to give it to him again. " What's this ?" I asked. " Oh, a patent telephone, sir." The chaplain smiled, and we passed on. The cells in which the men are confined when not at work, are terribly small; not more than six feet by three. Sing Sing is the state convict prison of New York, and contains some 1,260 prisoners ; in ratio to the population the Roman Catholic element largely predominates. Some seventy men are here " for life," and they, with some 730 others, were present at the early morning service. A band, composed entirely of men under long sentences, played a selection of music before the meeting proper began. A magnificent choir (also of convicts), led the singing, and it was strange to hear such men singing the refrain— " All sorrows past, and grief and pain, We'll meet to part no more." As I spoke from the text, "Look unto Me, and be ye saved, all the end of the earth," my audience, when anything pleased them, broke out into applause ; and at one point laughed outright. Sentences range from two years to thirty years ; no corporal punishment is permitted, and each prisoner is allowed four ounces of tobacco per week. Bibles are not supplied to every prisoner, but any prisoner can have one by asking for it. This I feel is a mistake, for many an English convict has been converted through reading the Bible to pass the time away ; and again, some who were thinking seriously, might hardly like to ask the chaplain for a Bible, lest he might be thought to be currying favour. In the light of the action of the American Government forbidding the entry of Chinese into the States, it is well to notice that not a single Chinaman today is in the State prison of the Empire State; and I may add, after visiting the Tombs prison, and the gaol on Blackwell Island, neither is there a Chinaman in either of those places. I spent a very happy Sunday in the tombs, preaching four times to distinct congregations, the women and the boys being specially interesting. An Irishwoman was roaring out in a drunken fit whilst I was speaking to the women, and at the close I ventured to remark the the matron we "should have kept her quiet if it had been in England." " Oh, bless you," she answered, " I would not punish any woman, poor thing." " Everybody's business is nobody's business." I was certainly surprised to find the State does not provide Bibles or Testaments for the men or boys. Here were about twenty men sentenced to short terms, sitting on a bench all day long doing nothing, and not a Testament among them, and it was the same with with the boys. I hope to supply all these on my next visit. Visiting Blackwell Island, I found fault with the smallness of the cells in which the prisoners were located, and noticed the strange punishment meted out to those guilty of breaking the rules of the gaol. We saw three men standing with their faces to the wall. The warder said to us, " They will be kept in that position all day without moving, and without food." Surely this is not humane, but brutalising, and cannot tend toward reform. Recently two murderers escaped from Sing Sing, it is supposed by the help of an outside friend, who is a millionaire. Being situated on the Hudson, it was inferred that they had crossed the river in a boat. A few days later a boat was discovered upside down, and near by, the bodies of two men; who had been drowned. The search for the escaped prisoners at once ceased, but the detective who told me of it said, " But I guess those bodies were not belonging to the murderers! " Besides preaching in the churches on the Sundays, I have visited the Florence Mission and Cremorne Mission, and rejoiced at the wonderful work being done in the reclamation of drunkards and fallen girls. These meetings continue every night. The testimonies are really remarkable ; they are live meetings, conducted in the power of the Holy Ghost, and most inspiring. We have nothing like it in London —The Christian. 