ALL ALONG THE By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley'a Seoreb," "The Venetian?, or All in Honor," "Aurora 'Floyd,1' "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Jusb as I Am," "Taken aft the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," " Weavora and "Weft," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights teservecf.J Chapter I.—f Continued. I They had reached the shrubbery Dy cms time, and were hurrying aloDg a winding walk where the rain reaohed them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the house. Lostwithiel opened a half-glass door and led Mrs. Disney into the library, a loDg, low room, full of curious nooks and corners, formed by two deep chimney-pieofcs, and by the projecting wings of the heavy oak book cases. iBola had never seen any room so filled with books, nor had she ever seen a room with i two such ohimney-pieces of statuary marble, yellowed with age, elaborately carved with | j cherubic heads, and Cupids, and torches and festal wreaths, bows and arrowB, lyres. and urns. A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was hither Lostwithiel brought bis guesb, wheeling a large armchair in front of the blaze. "If you will take off your hat and jacket and sit down there I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you," he said, with his hand upon the bell. " You are more than kind. I must hurry home directly the rain abates a little. I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about me," said Isola, devouring the room with greedy eyes, anxious to take in every de tail of this enchanted castle. She might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel Was so seldom there. His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbor hood. The things he ought to have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had been wild in his youth. He had once owned a theatre. He had done, or was supposed to have done, things which ware spoken of with bated breath; but of late years he had developed new ambitions and had done with theatrical speculations. He had be come literary, scientific, political. He was one of the lights of the intellectual world, or that small section of the intellectual whioh is affiliated to the smart world. He knew all the clever people in London, and a good many of the intellectualities of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna. He had never married; but it was supposed that he would eventually marry, before he was 40, and that he would make a great match. He was nod rich, but he was Lord Lostwithiel. He was by no means handsome, but he was said to be one of the most fascinating men in London. Isola pulled off her jacket slowly, looking about her all the time ; and Lostwithiel fore bore from offering her any assistance lest he should increase her evident shyness. A man in plain clothes, who looked more like a valet than a butler, answered the bell. "Send Mrs. Mayne, and bring tea," ordered his lordship. What a slender, girlish form it was which the removal of the tweed jacket revealed. The slim waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the head, now the hat was off, would also have done for Diana; a small classio head, with soft, brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low, white brow and rolled into a knot at the back. The features were as delicate as the complexion, in which there was no brilliancy of coloring, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes were dark grey, with long brown lashes, and their present expression was between anxiety and wondering interest. Lostwithiel was not such a coxcomb as to appropriate that look of interest. He saw that it was his house and not himself whioh inspired the feeling. ■ "You like old houses, I oan see, Mrs. Dis ney," he said, smiling at her. " Dearly. They are like poems in brick and stone, are they not? I dare say there are stories aboub this room." 'Innumerable stories. I should have to ransack the Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very bad memory to a perilous extent for others." " Is it haunted ?" "I am not one of those privileged persons who see ghosts; neither seventh son of a seventh sou, nor of the mediumistic tem perament ; but I have heard of an apparition pervading the house on oocasions, and being seen in this room, whioh is one of the older j rooms, a part of that building whioh was once a grange appertaining to a certain small monastery, put down by Henry VIII., and recorded in the Black Book. As one of the oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny; but as I have never suffered any inconvenience in that line, I make it my own particular den." "It is the mo3t picturesque room I ever saw. And what a multitude of books!" ex olaimed Isola. "Yes; I have a good many books. I am always buying; but I find I never have exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am too apt to forget the books I have. If I could afford to spend more of my life at the Mount, I would engagesome learned gentleman, whose life had been a failure, to take care of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mis. Disney ?" "No. I was born at Dinan." "What! in that medieval Breton city 1 You are not French, though, I think?" "My mother and father were both Euglish, but my sister and I were born and brought up in Brittany." Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when English people live for a good many years in a Breton town they have reasons of their own, generally financial, for their choice of a settlement. He was a man who could not have spent six months of his life away from London and Paris. The housekeeper made her appearance and offered her services. She wrung the rain out of Isola's cloth skirt and wiped the muddy hem. She took charge of the jacket and hat, and at Lo3twithiel'B suggestion she remained to pour out the tea. She was a very dignified person m a blaok Bilk gown and a lace oap, and she treated her master as if he had been a demi god. Isola could not be afraid of taking tea in this matronly presence, yet she kept looking nervously towards the window in front of her, where the rain beat with undiminished force and where the darkening sky told of impend ing night. "I see you are getting anxious, Mrs. Disney," said Lostwithiel, who had nothing to do but watoh her face, suoh an expressive face at all times, so picturesquely beautiful when touched by the flickering light of the low wood fire. "If you have to wait for fine weather you may be here all night, and your good people at home would be frantic. I'll order a oarriage and you can be at home in three quarters of an hour. "Oh, no, Lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't give you bo muoh trouble. If your housekeeper will be so very kind as to lend me a cloak and umbrella I can get home very well. And I had better start at once." "In the rain, alone, and in the darkness. It will be dark before you are home in any case. No, Mrs. Disney, if I were to permit Buoh a thing I should expect Major Disney to oallme out directly he came home. He is in India, I think." "Yes. He is with his regiment in Bur mah." " Do you expeot him home soon ?' j " Not very soon ; not for six months, or per haps longer. It was that which made me walk (so far." Lostwithiel looked puzzled. " I mean that I was so disappointed by his letter—a letter I received to- day—that I went out for a long walk to walk down my bad spirits if I could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made me inflict trouble on you and Mrs. " " Mayne. Both Mrs. Mayne. and I are de lighted to be oE use to you. Order the Btation brougham, Dalton, immediately," to the man who answered his bell. "The carriage oan hardly be ready in less than twenty minutes, so pray try to do justice to Mrs. Mayne's tea." "It is delioious tea," said Isola Bippingit luxuriously, enjoying the fire- glow and the dancing lights upon the richly-bound books in all their varieties of coloring, from crimson and orange tawny to cream, vellum. She was evidently relieved in her mind by the knowledge that she was to'be driven home presently. "If you are really interested in this old house you must come Borne Bunny morning and let Mrs. Mayne show you over it," said Lostwithiel, establishing himself with his oup and saucer upon the other side of the hearth. " She knows all the old stories, and Bhe has a better memory than I." " I should like much to do so next summer, when my husband can come with me." " I'm afraid Major Disney won't care muoh about the old place. He is a native of these parts, and must have been here often in my father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next October for the shooting— but there is no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morning that you have nothing better to do. Mrs. Mayne is always_ at home; and as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to yourselves, and talk about ghosts to your heart's content.' " Oh, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespeotful of the house," pro tested Mrs. Mayne. "My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree." Isola murmured some vague acknowledgment of his civility. She was far too shy to have any idea of takiDg any advantage of bis offer. To re-enter that house alone of her own aocord would be impossible. By-aud-by, with her huaband at her side, she would be bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a. gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such a house. After this there came a brief silence. Mrs, Mayne stood Bbraight and prim behind the tea table. Nothing would have induced her to sit in his lordship's presence, albeit she had dandled him in her arms when there was much lees of him than of the cambric and fine flannel which composed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited some forgetfulness of caste distinctions. Mrs. Mayne fully understood that she was wanted there to set the stranger at her ease, and Bhe performed her mission; but even her presence could not relieve Isola's shyness. She felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong out kindly hand. She sat listening for carriage wheels, and only hearing the dull thumping of her own sacred heard. And yet he wag so kind, and yet he so fully realised her idea of high-bred gentleness that she need hardly have been bo troubled by the situation. 1 She stole a glance at him as he stood by the chimney-piece in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at the burning logs on the massive . old irons. The firelight shining on 'a face above it will often give a sinister look to the _ openesfe countenance; and to-night Lostwithiel's long, narrow face, dark deep'set eyes and pointed beard had some touch of the diabolical in that red and uncertain glow-; an effeob that was but instantaneous, for as the light changed tho look passed and she saw him as he really was, with his pale and somewhat sunken oheeks, and eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentle* ness. "Have you lived long at the Angler's Heat, Mrs. Disney ?" ha asked, at last. " Nearly a year and a half; ever since my marriage, with just one interval in the south of France, before Martin went to India." "Then I need not ask if you are heartily siok of the place 1" " Indeed, I should not be tired of the cot tage or the neighborhood if my husband were at home. I am only tired of solitude. He wants me to send for his sister—a girl who is just leaving school—to keep me company; but I detest school girls, and I would muoh rather be alone than endure a perpetual ictc-a- tctc of that kind." "You are wise beyond your years, Mrs. Disney. Avoid the Bister, by all means. She would bore you to death—a scampering exube rant girl, who would develop hysteria after one month of Trelasco dulness. Besides, I am sure you have resources of your own, and that you would rather endure solitude than uncon genial company." Isola sighed and sbook her head rather dole fully, tracing the pattern of the persidn rug with the point of her stiok. "I am very fond of books, and of musio," Bhe aaid; "but one gets tired of being alone after a time. It seems such ages since Martin and I said good-bye in Venice. I was dread fully unhappy at first. I stand almoBt alone iu the world when I am parted from him." "Your father and mother are dead?" in gentlest enquiry. "Oh, no; they are not dead; they are at Dinan," she said, almost as if it were the same thine. "And that is very far from Trelasco?" " They never leave Dinan. The kind of life suits them. Mamma knits; papa has his olub and his English newspapers. People enjoy the English newspapers so muoh more when they live abroad than when they are at home. Mamma is a very bad sailor. It would be a risk for her to oross. Tf my sister or I were dangerously ill mamma would come. But it would be at the hazard of her life. Papa has often told me so." "And your father, is he a bad sailor?" " He is rather worse than mamma." "Then I conclude you were married at Dinan ?" "Oh, yes; I never left Brittany until my wedding day." "What a pretty idea. It is as if Major Disney had found a new kind of wild flower in some nook or cranny of that old grey wall that guards the town." " You know Dinan ?" "There are very few places within easy reach of a yachtsman that I don't know. I have anchored in almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, and have rambled in land wherever there was anything worth see ing within a day's journey from the coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may have passed you in the Btreet there. Do you sketch, by the way ?" ' A little." 'Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have seen Bitting at street corners or under archways, doing fearful and wonderful things with a box of moist colors and a drawing board." "The young ladies who sit about the streets are tourists," said Isola, with a look of disgust. "I understand. The resident ladies would no more do suoh things than they would sit upon the pavement and make piotures of salmon or men-of-war in colored chalks, like our metropolitan artists." "I think I hear a carriage," said Isola, putting down her cup and saucer, and looking at her jacket, which Mrs. Mayne was holding before the fire. "Yea, that is the carriage," answered Lost withiel, opening the glass door. "What a night. The rain is just as bad as it was when 1 brought you indoors." "If you will accept the use of a shawl, ma'am; it would be safer than putting on this damp jacket." " Yes, Mayne, get your shawl. Mrs. Disney will wear it, I know." (2o be continued.J 