THE VISIT OF BISHOP HIGGHNS. In connection with the Confirmation service held at St Matthew's R. C. Church on Sunday morning last, special devotional services were conducted in the Church on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday even ings by the Bight Rev Dr Higgins, assisted by Revs Father Hayes and Father Roirdan. On Friday evening the £ishop preached a solemn and impteB sive sermon on the subject of " Dealt," but unfor tunately the inclemency of the weather militated against a large attendance. On Saturday evening Bishop Higgios preached a powerful sermon on the {tower and efficacy of prayer and devotion, to a arge congregation. He reminded his hearers that the present month of October was specially dedica ted to Our Lady of the Rosary, end in earnest ex hortation, he pointed out the duties and responsi bilities of every member of the Catholie com* munity. He referred to that period in the early days of Pontifex, when the Churches were at w&r; with one another, and when tremendous difficulties were arrayed against the Church. But in spite of the powers that had been pitted against it, Leo XIII, by having recourse to prayer, had broken down many of the prejudices and much of the op pression of opposing forces. Yet this was still car ried on in a degree, but JeBUS Christ, in hiB own words when He was in the flesh, exhorted them not to be discouraged, for he had said to his apostles, " If the world hate you, remember it hated me be fore you." The example of the Pope was a beauti ful one, and the success he had achieved by re course to the prayer of the Rosary since the des tinies of the Church had been entrusted to bis hands had been most signal. The Church had promised rich indulgences to all who followed his example. In the Vatican of Rome, though bound within the four walls of his palace, Leo XIII, exercised more influence over the world than any living man. In the Catholic faith they had three great means of serving God. The first waB by the Holy Mass. The next highest order of service was " The Divine Office," and the prayers in this had been originally composed under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, whilst the psalms were generally supposed to be portions of the psalms of joy which were actually sung by the angels, and which they will ever go on singing. The next in dignity was the beautiful " Prayer of the Rosary." The Rosary consisted of fifteen " Our Fathers" and 150 " Amens." What was the Our Father ? he asked. After Christ had been preaching and teaching in Judea one of his disciples came to him and said " Master, teach us to pray even as John teaches his disciples," and Jesus Christ taught them to say " Our Father," and thereupon he composed the beautiful prayer with which they were all so familiar. This prayer came direct from God, and, he asked, did they draw from it all it really contained, or consider its excellence. What a privilege and a blessing they enjoyed in being permitted to say a prayer which had been composed by Jesus Christ. The preacher referred to the early life and maternity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and to the nativity and life of Christ, at some length. He deprecated the too prevalent desire of man to struggle for riches and principalities whilst they negleoted their soul's wel fare, and which always brought about the most disastrous spiritual results. The preacher treated of the '' Five Glorious Mysteries," and said they contained some of the moBt solemn truths in the whole faith. They were expected to reflect a little while reciting these mysteries. Great triumphs had been achieved by their recital. There had not been known a single instance of the faith being lost in any family who make a practice of saying the Rosary. In the dark days of persecution, when the lamps of the Sanotury were extinguished, when their Churches were unroofed, ana when their people had no altar to kneel before, the RoBaiy had brought peace and comfort to many families. They had no priests to preach Mass, but the mothers and fathers gathered their families round them, and by their piety and religious fervour kept alight the lamp of the grand old faith. And the people of Ireland came unscathed through that dark age gaining strength and courage from the recital of the Rosary to brave those awful storms, and there was not a single instance recorded where an individual had proved a traitor to his faith. The preacher said that he had not bad an opportunity of learn ing from their good parish priest, Father Hayes, whether the people of the grand district of Wind sor were as devout and prayerful as they should be. Would to God that be could say there was not a family amongst their Catholic community which neglected to say the Rosary. He implored them in God's name to make an oath and a resolve to be true to their Christian precepts ever more-to show the character of their loyalty by carrying their beads with them and saying a third part of the Rosary every day,-and they would be able to d?fy all the devils in hell. On Sunday morning Mass was solemnised at 8, 9, and II o'clock. At the latter hour, when the Church was crowded, the Right Rev Dr Higgins preached a sermon which was particularly ad dressed to those who were about to present them selves for confirmation. The address was eloquent, yet beautiful in its simplicity, and was listened to with rapt attention. He gave a concise and lucid exposition of the principles embodied in the Con firmation, and warned the children against the dangers of evil companionships, and the perusal of bad and unhealthy literature. They must be regu lar in their attendance at Mass, and muBt not neglect their religious duties at home. The preacher defined the dutieB of good citieenship, and showed them clearly the way that they must go to make good Christians and respected members of society. After the address the sacrament of confirmation was administered by the Bishop to 60 persons, male and female, and amongst whom were several adults, and the service concluded with another brief address to the children, during which he offered them his sincere congratulations for the manner in which they acquitted themselves in their examination on the catechism. He had been delighted with their intelligent and accurate answers, and was pleased to find that such careful attention had been bestowed upon their prepara tion by the good Sisters of the Convent, as well aB by their parents. At this service Miss Ellie Esther sang Gillespie's " Ave Verum," and several Masses were sung by the choir, At the evening Moss the Right Rev Dr Higgins preached his final sermon. The Church was again crowded, and the Bishop gave an impressive ad dress on the creation of the world and the divinity of the soul. Among the congregation were many members of other denominations, and the preacher's remarks was attentively listened to. The muBical portion of the service was well.sustained by tht choir. Miss Eather sang " 0 Salutavis," whilflt the Mass" Tantum Ergo" was rendered by Mies K, and Mr M. Maguire. 