THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. BT GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of "2S9 R, The Story of a Double Life," " The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," etc. AIU IN .AnX STUDYING TITS BEAUTIES Or I iTUSE. 'CHAPTER XXIII.-(ConTIeuED.) 1 'The steward came at the summons, and in a few minutes Cholly's eyes were spark. i ling quito as much as the brimming glass v f.Moeet he held in his somewhat shaky a hands. "' Here's to our merry meeting, William," n he said. Ic "And now," he continued, as soon as he o had tossed off one tumbler and had it refilled, w "Now it doesn't seem half so diflioult to P make pledges of reformation after you've at quenched your thirst with stuff like that. tl Well, I am now quite willing to consideryour p proposal. First, I think you said you were a to tell the captain and stoo'ards I was on n allowance, and that you were the only al- n lowaucer. Weren't that it, William '" as " That was something like my proposal.' al "And I daresay I was to sit by you at be table and you'd kinder fill my glass or pass it the bottle with a wink, eh F" g "Yes, that would do." th " Ah ! well, to this last I couldn't have uz any kind o' possible objection. But, W1il- PI liam dear, don'tyou forgetthat boozers has bl their feelings. I'mnot alludin' to the jumps sl now, William, to snakes and such, and Pt -bushels of starty dreams. No, certainly not, k but ordinary feelings. They sort of objects "' to be looked down upon. Now you go and gr tell that long-faced skipper, or that lantern. th yawed mate, or the stoo'ards, that I can't oc have except what you allows me, and the sl -whole jing-berry biling o' them would look d own upon me as if I was a crookiedile or a hl bear at the end of a string. No, William, Pe that cock won't fight." Iv " I don't see, Cholly, how else we can he -arrange it." as " Hold hard; there's many ways. I'm a st patient in the doctor's hands, we'll say. Not a bad idea that. Suffering from a little Pe Sdeadly internal complaint; living by rule and allthat. This you see, would give me an interest in the ladies' eyes. And that young un', dear boy, is pretty enough to fo .make a nan throwstones at the parson if she I only axed him. Now, W'illiam, this is my sa motion. D'ye second it ?" w " I suppose I must." hi " Bravo! Well, we have now to consider po the nature of my ailment. Let us run or through the internal organs, figuratively co speakin'. Mlind, I was meant for the bo -medical profess myself once. So then, we an have the spleen, kidneys, liver, heart, lungs tI and organic nerves. Well, my William, the Ss spleen sounds cross, as you might say, and a \- smacks o' ill-nature ; as for affections of the be kidneys, that would be nearest the'trutli in na -_-ay case, for my kidneys are devilled kidneys, A nd have been for many a day. But a man de wi' kidney is supposed to be on a fair road a toHeaven, and I'm not going there yet. So le kidney won't do. The liver suggests aformer ai mae of alcohol-that's risky and vulgar. But what say you to the nerves of organic life- th shook to them, don't ye perceive, in a rail- th 'way accident? And throw in a bit of heart. cr 'Sad story,' you says to that charming girl a S---. Are you listening, William? " at "Pardon me, Cholly, I must confess that St ,my thoughts had gone a wool-gathering just g for a moment. 'A sad story,' you were a -saying." a: "Yes. Capital Moct, this. 'Sad story,' f -you says to MIiss What's.her-tally. 'Sad story connected with that young fellow's ti life.' Then the young lady looks interested, w and the fat 'un cocks her ears. ' A sad 1 story,' you repeats, and then you sighs. ja " ' Is it anything we may hear, Mr-a- tl Smith ' says the dowager duchess. fi " ' Oh, yes,' you says, ' only never men- P Lion it even to the Captain. But it only p proves, my dear lady,' you says, 'that i wealth without health doesn't bring happi ness.' " ' Is your friend very wealthy,' says the lduchess. 'I I don't believe,' you says, 'that he knows himself hoew rich he is.' And that is true, William, dear. " ' How interesting !' says the fat female, 'and the young man looks languishing.' "'3But about the sad story?' she says. " ' I must be brief,' you says, ' it is too triste'-pretty word-' to dwell upon.' Going off on her honeymoon. First-class Pullman car all to their two selves. Train ran off the line. Hurled over an embank ment. Took fire atonce. Heart- rending scenes. Carriages took fire. His poor bride in the burning debris. ' Can't go on,' you says, and you takes out your handkerchief and turns away your head to hide your tears. " ' How terrible!' says the dowager duchea. "'It's just too awfully interesting for anything !' says the young' un. " ' And my poor friend,' you adds, ' has never quite recovered it.' Mind, you say ' quite.' ' Shook to the organic nervous system,' you says, ' and concomitant heart affection. Oh, ,nothing serious, perhaps. Time,' sys youll, 'will do a deal for my friend. But le has to live by rule for the present.' " N " ow. William, dear, do you see your W2ay to w?rk the oracle.:" - " I thir,' I do." said Frank, with a sigh. "And," added Cholly, "some time or 6ther the d',vwai r duchess is sure to ask you if my wealth - shen !-be in real estate, and, you says, fO. %e, real estate,' and mind WVilliam, tl.er. is no lie about that. Look here, Willim." He puikd out his pocket book and dis. played a wealth of documents that were very \- real indeed. But they were all pawnbrokers' dupli cates. "And now, William, I think we've ar ranged this little business to our mutual satisfaction. I'm not going to boast about what I mean to do, William. I'll have a try at stopping stimulants. If it kills me, why the skipper will have to expend a hammock over me, with a couple of 5iGlb. weights, that'll be all, but I won't blab, e'en on my death-bed. Ah ! mind you, William, some o' us 'ard drinkers aren't the worst sort, when the burnt crust of alcohol is peeledl off Sour hearts ad nerves. I suppose it wouldn't do to have another Moct, would it? Ilad beginning? Well, I daresay you ain't far out. Biut hero's a tip for you, W\illiam. Get rid of that long face of yours. Ion't ook as if you were going to be hung." " Harrison ." "1 beg a hundred pardons, William. 'Pon honor I didn't refer to future probabilities, or to - Dash it all, I'm ,only making a bigger muddle of it. Let us go oni deck. And I'm gigto do the big bug for a bit at first, don't son sc. It won't do to lookle as if I were read-, to pop into sny clap-net, Millionaires, Wiliiam, don't enter into social * 'relttions with overybody they meet on board sailing steamers." The people who hod hitherto sat down to dinner m the saloon of the Mountain Wave, not a very spacieus ono by any means, were -the Captain himself, the doctor-a quiet 'and unassuming young man, hailing from 304) New York - Mrs Colonel Kehlh, her charming daughter and Frank M'Nau hton, known, of course, as Mr William Smith. A very cosy mess indeed-a very beautiful amalgamation. Nut the ghost of a chanco of such a meal being a silent one. Let me see, Mrs Colonel Keighly, as she dearly loved to be styled, for the reflection of her dead husband's martial glory in this g way appeared to be reflected on her portly a person like the after-glow of a summer's sunset, was fat, fair and forty-maybe more q than forty (put this in small type, printer, ~ please) : there wasn't the shadow of a doubt as to the adjective "fat," though she had v not a double chin, and though her eyes did not stick out, still she was as broad in beam pt as a Dutch lugger, and her nose was rendered almost diminative owing to its being placed r between her two cheeks-the only place for it, I grant. She was fair-fair in hair, golden, in fact, except at the seams, where the eighth of an inch of black hair gave an unmistakable proof of dye, and fair in com plexion with a fairness that could have been blown off with a tiny pair of bellows. But she talked very prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a pretty way of using her knife or her fork or her fan, and a pretty rI way of flirting with rings and bracelets and y' great gold chains. Still, I am sorry to say that musical though her voice was, she did occasionally " come a cropper," to use racing m slang, over her Lindley Murray. Ib Captain Ben Boniface not only liked to hear himself talk, but other people also, es pecially, as it would appear, Mrs Colonel Keighly. The skipper was not an old man, he was not in his dotage, but he was fifty, and therefore in his aneedotage. And the stories he told, and the stores she told, were -well, they were worth listening to. Parodying Burns, we might say "They told wi' vim their queerest stoe?is, u The doctor's lacugh was ready chorus." This was really all the doctor seemed fit sp for. Clever he might have been, but shy I'm sure he was, and if ever he by chance lii said a spicey thing, and the others laughed, why, he colored up to the roots of his dark hair and asked the steward to pass the C' piotatoes or some other equally ridiculous order. Frank and Tilda had a good deal in common; they both loved Browning, they both loved Burns, they criticised Longfellow f, and Lowell, and never hesitated to speak their mind most freely about Tennyson and de Swinbourne. They talked low together, as a rule, at table, and on deck were often to be seen arm in arm, studying the beauties of di nature in the sparkling sea or the sky. 'a Into this little coterie Cholly Harrison oi descended like a meteor into the sea, making oc a terrible commotion for the time being, and it leaving circles and ripples that did not sub side for some time. w To tell the truth, Cholly had no wish that the tipples should subside. He belonged to wl tha colass of individuals who dearly love to b create a sensation and who cannot live without o a certain amount of excitement of which they p are the centres, and, which, if they do not al find in society they will fish for, even in a gin shop. But this man, for the present at all events, found himself in a somewhat exalted position, which was pleasant enough y, for its very novelty. ,o Long before the second dinner-bell rang, m thanks to Frank who, had not the grief s. which lay at his heart been so real, would as have looked upon the matter as a very good d joke or farce. Both the ladies, as well as the doctor and skipper, were in possession of n fictitious history-if that isn't an Irish paradox-and felt that they were in the V presence of a very wealthy man, perhaps, great Sir Walter ! a millionaire. CHAPTER XXIV.-CucoLLY Is A BIT OF TnounLE. " Have you made him out, mamma '" said Tilda to her mother that night when the two b had retired to their state- room, which was the biggest and roomiest in the ship. "Not quite, dear. I'll talk when I got rid of this corset. ling for Rachel." Rachel was the black- eyed bright little button of a French maid. So pretty, so petite. Why, she looked a midge beside her mistress. Yet so handy withal, and so strong and willing. Had she not been strong she never could have succeeded in securing the escape of Mrs Colonel IKeighly from that corset of hers. When the good lady did got d free, shesighedandexpanded. She expanded and expanded until she becamo more like a Dutch lugger than ever. "What a relief !" she said. "Indeed, Tilde, society hath its penalties. But, Rachel, that corset isn't a fit. Is it one of the newest, my dear P'" "Yes, madame, it is one of do very most recent." Mrs Colonel Keighly was strong in corsets. Strong in the- strongest corsets, and yet, to use another Irish paradox, strong corsets were her weak point. And the advertising pages of "Frauk Leslie" or the "Ladies' Journal," to which she invariably turned first, were those illustrated by sylph-like 'figures in the semi-nude, with dream-like faces and hornet waists. And one of the iron-bound travelling boxes that stood there in the state room, and which Mrs Colonel iKeighly would not hear of the mate striking down below, contained on assortment of corsets that would have been suflicient in themselves to have stocked a small shop. " Once upon a time," the lady would sometimessay, as she slipped her arm around her daughter, " once upon a time, dear, and not so very long ago either, I had quite as neat a ligure as my little girl." To do justice to this lady's good nature, it must be admitted that she was passionately fond of her " little girl," and not one little bit jeolous. She would not have objected, however, to see her married-that is, well married-any day, but thoughts of the dis posal of her daughter wore not allowed at any time to interfere with the bestowal of her own hand upon some lucky swain. She might be married before her daughter, or her daughter might be married before her. It did niot matter a deal how it went-it was all in the family. 1 Mrs Keiglhly was kintd to her little French maidl-and never called her by iany other than Sher Christian name treated her as a child, in fact. And this is als.o a trait of character in the lady tthat is cotmeondable enoutgh in its way. "UIve you made himt out, mammar " Of course, thle " him" alltdod to was none Sother than the dashing moteorolite, Cholly IIarrison. "it Notquite, child. lie is somewhat of a Spuzzle. It didn'ttakc melong to size up Mr Smith, didit, Tilda ? lo is simply a young manof clay, and just, about as soft as they d make 'em. Good hearted enough. Come through some bitter Iroublo in his time. His lady.love jilted him I dare say, and he got to great.hlearted, ran away to sea for a year or e two, tircdof that, went to the diggings and Swas lucky enough to make a few thousand, et and is coing home to England to look about m him; that is, if he doesn't pick up some pretty girl in 'Frisco, or-who knows, Tilda, child? -on the Mountain ave fitself." "0, mamma, I'm sure I don't want to marry Mr Smith." " I don't want to marry Mr SPnith much either, you know. I'msure I don't want to change my condition, and I'll never, never forget the dear deceased Colonel Keighly, your father. Heigho l" "But, mamma, dear, you haven't told me all about Mr Harrison, yet." " O, he's rich, I know. And the question is whether it be bacon, cheese, stocks or the diggings. He's reticent as yet. We mustn't scare hi?m. We must remember he is a kind of invalid, Tilda." "Ah ! mother, that accident must have been inexpressibly sad, and inexpressibly in teresting." " Yes, dear, but men are easily consoled, you know, they don't always remember the dear departed. They're not like we poor women folks. Now, there was your dear father, my love." "Yes, mother, but we won't go into that now, please. Makes you sad and me, too, you know." " Well, girl, if we won't go into that, what say you to go into bed ?" SCholl? was a little unbending the first night ner, he was altogether the reverse a Indeed, he had softened consider oa. s the champagne that Frank allowed I him to have was ini some measure accountable h for that, plus the free fresh ocean air that he c was breathing. "Ain't I behavin' beautiful, William," he I said, as he quaffed his second tumblerful and bent down to pat Rover. t Rover permitted him. That was all that 3 could be said. He suffered the caress, after looking up to catch his master's C glance. "You know," Rover seemed to say, "I ii can't stand this man. Shall I bear this quietly, or flesh my teeth in his thumb ?" Ii He read the reply in his master's face. a: " You must bear it, Rover, for my sake. The very thumb you'd like to flesh yourteethinis es the very thumb that I am under. Let us be patient, Rover." it "Yes," said Frank in reply to Cholly's remark, "I have no fault to find with you." bi "It only proves, doesn't it, that hard drinkers can abstain when they like." Sr "Yes." " That is, you know, when there is any real N encouragement." di "To be sure." se " And when they're not looked down upon by the world." en " After my own terrible experience, Har rison, I should be the last to look down upon at you." " Ah ! true, you shook it off, though, and be why shouldn't I? Well, I declare, there is re more in the bottle than anyone could have believed. Prime stuff, too, ain't it ? Yes, he I believe after all that I can either take it or Cl leave it off." hi He pushed the bottle away as he spoke. m "Yo can't see it in my eye, can you, m William ? Going upstairs to talk to the ladies, you know. I feel fit. Do I look fit, tu William ?" fit " Famously fit. I'll try to keep you so." "True, true." Chiolly stood in front of the mirror, putting up his collar, and screwing himself into all sorts of impossible shapes, with a view to m practisingattitudes before the ladies. br " Not a bad looking coat this, is it, Vil- ce liam 1" " It's dressy and neat. Do you feel a bit smitten with the young lady there, l Cholly " yc " Smitten, is it. Did you say smitten with the young lady ?" He sat down again, and poured the drops or from the bottle into his glass. al " Ah," he said to the bottle, " you're a co dead marine, are you ?" ea Frank did not take the hint. " Well, now, here's one favor you could so do me, William. It's ,just in. your line 'cause it requires tact and judgnuent. Find out for me which way the land lies. D'ye catch on? Have you got the hang of '1 it P" " I fear I have not," said Frank, with a fu weary kind of sigh. I' "Well, to put it straight. Find out lii which of the two young ladies has got the brass. That's my meaning. For she's the one I mean to get smitten with. Bless you, p Pd as soon lead the dowager duchess to the bs altar as the slim' un." " Well, Cholly, I'll do what I can." "Nothing's simpler. One of these days- you needn't be in a hurry-just say, says fa you, ' them millionaire chaps are awfully 'cute business cards, and alwaysfor marryin' hi money.' That'llbe enough. Thedowager'll ne swallow the bait like a rook bolting a slug, and you'llknow all about what the Colonel ac did for her and the daughter, too. Mean- in while, till you have found out, I'll dispense my favors between the two on 'oem, with the oc mostrigidandhighbredimpartiality. I declare I William, that Mloet wentdown like mother's d, milk. Not another squeezein the bottle." hi " Not another squeeze in me either, Cholly. 0 But then, I know you don'tmind, you can do hi with it or without it." "That's me, William. That's me to a cc ' t.' And the moreyou sees of me the more ti you'll understand and admire me. Now, the N boys in camp didn't quite understand me, and to so admiration was out of the question. But y as regards the ladies, William, I see my way c! to marry one of them, so being there is a bit, n of the yellow behind the scenes. I don't I mind which it is. I tell you that again. My li disposition, William, is a most affectionate fo one, and it is a most accommodating one as si well. You'll find that out yet. And now Ii I'm off upstairs." tl A few slays after this conversation ample s, proof was afforded to Frank that Cholly's tl disposition really was a most accommodating \' one. n For several evenings Frank had missed his p friend-as he was bound to call him-just after dinner. As ho usually re.entered the C saloon about an hour afterwards, looking un usualnly brisk and elated, Frank began to t: think that he was playing him false, and ob- e taiinng stimulants forward. Cholly really did have a stimulant forward, but it was certainly not a vinous one. To put it in another way, he was playing his cards, but they were not paste board ones, I must explain. Frank thoen could not hide from hinmself the awful danger he would be in if Cholly ever once over-stepped thle bounds and became in toxicated. He had seen him wild, mad with drink, before now, and know that he would denounce him-Frank-as a murderer the moment he lost control over himself. So one evening, while Captain Bonifaco was amus ing the ladies in thie saloon, Frank put a cap on his head and a pair of list slippers on his feet, and going on delck stole away aft to reconnoitre. The night was dark and starless, and the wind blow steadily from the north-west. The cloulshunglow on the sea, and thehorizon was almost close on board, a thick, black pall that it wasn almost impossible for the oldest sailor on board to see a cable's length into. Feelin& his w.y along thoship's waist, and intend ing to go belowinto the steorage, Frank had not proceeded smuch beyond the mainmast, when he hoard voices in conversation. Though lowered, they were audible enough ; indeed, he was so close to the speakers, wiho were seated on the bottom of the captain's gig, which was face downwards 'twixt Sfore and main, that hlie could have touched . them. " And you rolly do love little me. you h funny Engleesh man ?" It was Rachel who spoke. " Is itlove yo, petite pot. Why I adores the very ground you walk on-that is the Sbohards, you know, that your dear little feet go pattering over." There was an initerval just after this, e tilled up, inwever, with the sounds of soveral y little blandishlments that F'rank well know the meaning ol. " And you wool marry my mistress P" " One on 'cn,, sure's fate, Rachel, my g little love." uy "Ah, but veechof them, mon brave o" 0o " Well, sweet one, I'd like to take your to advioe about that." t " liea, ha," Rachel lightly laughed. "Oh, Syoufunny, funny Engleesh man. But you ii can not lofo dem both ?" i, "No, oetite, I love only you." ut Another interval hero dlevoted to reiresh tF ments. I? "Ah ! you lofe only me, and I lofe only you. Dear, dear lofe !" to "Now, you see it is immaterial to me which I have; but listen, petite, I have a h little money, you know." "o Yees, yees. You have leetle money." "r "And I'm, strictly speaking, a man of business characteristics." " Now I not cormprehend." e "It's just like this, mylittle dear: money should marry money." I a " Ah, now I do comprehend. Well, my ] e Tilda's mother has de money. 0, not a ver | t greet deel. But it is her own. Tilda she I has one what you call pension." 1 "Ah ! how much would that be, petite ?" c "I not know. But, dear lofe, it does not seegnify, 'cause if Tilda marries, de pen- E sion gopuff !" t " O, I see, she loses it.. Well, Rachel, I'll a hang up my hat with the old lady." f r Two tiny hands were clapped now, and Rachel exclaimed, " O, I am so mooch re- I joice. Because she is my mistress, my real t mistress. You comprehend, and when you ft marry with her I shall have you all to my- a self." b "So much for French morals," thought a Frank, as he stole away aft again as silently as he had come. o: When Cholly entered the saloon again he 1i was looking not only radiant but contente He passed by Tilda with a pleasan es and seated himself on the sofa beside he mother, who had swept her ample skirts on E one side to make room for him. w S" O, you truant, where have you been so bi long ?" said Mrs Colonel Keighly. "Shall I confess," said Cholly, "Shall I sa tell you the head and front of my offence, as de Milton grandly observes '?" di Frank was listening and wondered if al Cholly was really going to confess. "The fact is," he said, " I was-smok. ing." .fo "0, you naughty man! But come a little closer, put your arm behind me. Now sic around my waist, sir." Poor Cholly! it would have taken three BI such arms as his to go round that waist. " Aeross the back of the sofa, sir. Thatis sas it." th Then she bent her head towards his breast. go "I declare, sir," she cried, "your coat ris smells of face powder !" Most other men would have colored up. pc No portion, however, of Cholly's face ever Bt did blush except his nose, and that didn't go set any redder on this occasion. "I put a little powder on to lower the' fIs smell of the bacey." for " Now," she said, "you can remove your Ch arm." sel IBut Cholly did nothing of the sort, and between you and me and the binnacle, reader, Mrs Colonel Keighly did not insist. That evening Mrs Colonel Reighly told he her daughter that in a good many ways sni Cholly was charming, but so careless with Be his English. Ah ! w.,l if he did make his dai money in bacon or cheese what did it kis matter. lip "By the way, Rachel, child," she said, turning round to her maid wiho had just pc, finished fighting with her ample corsets. tif " Fetch me a sample of your face powder." Til " Yees, madame, yees, certainlee." lt Off trotted Rachel to her little cabin. Rachel had two sorts of face powder. It lea may easily be believed that she did not of bring that which she had been using re- leg cently." seot Rachel was Frenoch. Very much so. wi "Poor Cholly," thought Mtrs Golonel an Keighly, "1 fear I wronged him. Thank you, Rachel." a Now, Cholly occupied a bunk, the lower Cli one, in Frank's cabin, and Frank alwavys off allowed him a nightcap, a fluid olne, of course. This encouraged Cholly to come bu early to bed. And his doctor-Frank again w, -insisted upon his having a sea-water bath every morning before breakfast. lik " Well, Harrison." . bik " Hang Harrison," said Cholly. Sk "'You are too fond of that expression, 'hang,' said Frank, his face getting longer. 4 "I always do forget eventualities-I mean the future possibilities. Oh hang it all, William, au I'm a duffer. Let me have my nightcap, ste like a dear boy." an "Well, there you are, mix for yourself." fee It was a short, stout bottle that Frank a placed beside him, with a silver stopper, and ond beside it he put a long, thin taper glass. th( The liquor was rum. for " Oh, by the way, Cholly," said Frank, hil "I found out for you to-night which of the oni fair ladies have the fortune." Ke " Many thanks, William. I hope you hurt no one's susceptibilities, and trod on no one's toes while finding out." Ch Now, we already know how Frank had mc acquired the knowledge he was about to ge impart. ne "No, Cholly, I didn't hurt anyone's sus- as ceptibilities. I trod on no one's toes, though Iha I very nearly did. But, Cholly, it is the frc dowager duchess who has the little fortune; bo her daughter has only a small pension from an Government, and that dies the moment she col becomes Mrs anybody you please." bit "Thank you, William. But somehow I could have almost guessed as much. SWell, then, dear boy, here is the position of affairs. ph Nobody on this'varsal earth is more sensitive as to youth and beauty than yours truly, but yours truly has also an eye to the main he chance. A man must live. See Well, now, I empty my glass for fear I spill it, and , ki I place it there on that side of the tab!e, and w here I place on this side the bottle-it's half ye full, William, and beside it I put the silver co stopper. That beautiful glass represents Miss IfKeghly- there is nothing in it, beautiful co though it be. This big, stout bottle repre sents the mother. Observe again, William, hi that the bottle is half full. Well, here am I ! p Which shall I choose? Youth, beauty and no nothing, or beauty, bigness and a com petence. Why, the latter, of course !" nc "But what does the silver stopper represent, U Cholly " s n " Why, she's pert o' the big lot. She's sq thrown in, as it were. William, dear, the hi or talstopper represents Rachol, the maid." co O, Chollholly. I'sn half ashamed of w you." st Cholly lifted up the empty glass. ts " \Vhy," he said, "you don't mean to say de I emptied that ulass? Did I?'" at " Indeed you did." Cholly sighed, and Frank put away the sl bottle and pointed to the bed. In five minutes more peace reigned fore and a aft in the Mountain Wave. CIAPTERt XXV\'.--SusmeuI BEFOnE A STon3r. " William, dear," said Oholly next morn- d ing, as he scasnesdans, critioised himself bo- C fore the mirror. " You were right last fs night to put away the rum. Look not upon d the run whoen it is rosy. Now I have just fs had my bath, and I feel as young and as i Slively as a kitten. Things, William, is going tl to go swimmingly now. And just as this good ship Mountain Wave is going to carry d us all safe and sound and easy into the city it of the Pacifeic Slope, so shall I, figuratively c speaking, be borne along on that Mountain I Wave the widow, and the widow's love, into o the haven of peace and mnatrimony and live c happy over afterwards on the fr its of my labors and-the widow's jointurua " But, William," ihe added, "I have nio d notion of being made walk the plaik, thrown overboard, you know, by Irs t Colonel KIoighlly. And, tlhereforo, my friend, t I must takeo the precaution to chango my t coat before I entor the esaloou unotllher oven ing." I " Is sheo then," said hFrank, " so very par- 1 ticular as to dress?" S ' I)ross, deasr William; no, msy boy, it t isn't dress than thie good downasror regards so much, but she can't a'bear the thoughts of Sany other lovely cheok but her own beinsg ii prceed to this rnsrly bosoms. 'Tiwas i ,a face powder that done it, William. " 'Course, you don't understand, how I could you? Buit, you see, there is little y Rachel, she that's to be thrown into the scaleo as a sort of an extra. 'Voll, she is a kind o' pigmy and out-and-outer the sweetest little sr parcel of goods ever i've handlud. Now, Rachol has innocent babyishl little waya that a, the dowager-duchess mightn't altogether iu rolish, and when talking to me in the dark she may sometimes lean her head for a moment - O, only for a moment, s- William--on my coat. And as lilkely as not I may-er-- osoulate, thy5 is5 ly kiss her t,: a fatherly way. Well, Wi lliam, that nose of the dowaget's is a ta right smart 'un. No, it isn't big, and it a isn't her strong point, but it's active and it's useful to its owner;, only just let her have one sniff o' the faoo powder on your sleevlr tf and she'll tell in a moment who the owner of the head is that was reclining there last. Jealousy in a woman proves she loves you. y Granted, William. But, nevertheless, if I you've got face powder on your sleeve of any r particunar brand, it's just as well to change r your coat a'fore ye goes in. a " And now for a trot on dbok, William, before the' breakfast is down. You won't come. Ta ta, then." Cholly nodded to himself again, in the glass, and showed a fine set of permanent teeth ; then off he went. Cholly felt fit,. as he phrased it-" fine and fit." I He bade the stewards good morning as he passed the pantry.. Ho met Rachael coming tripping down stairs, showing her pigmy foot and displaying a morselof silk stocking, and, will itbe credited, he caught her-;, but there, nobody saw it,. so why should Igo. and toll. Somewhat to his surprise, he met Tildi? on deck. He advanced smiling, and politely lifted his hat. "A sweet surprise, deartyoung lady," he hoy always tried tbtalk his e English to Tilda and -her'mothor. " But what," he added, " sent you aloft so early, birdie P" Tilda laughed musically. " O !" she said, "I can see you areno cailor. Ladies don't go aloft. Bven Amorican ladies would draw the line at such a display. That is aloft," She pointed to the mizon-top. "Well, my dear Tilda, your Cholly asks forgiveness. He meant to say upstairs." '0No, no, that also is a'lsng-shore expres. sion. Say, on deck, not upstairs." "Then you must give me lessons, Miss Brighteyes." " Put you up to the ropes, you ought to say. No, no, IMr Harrison, mother must do that." "Oh, you tantalising little puss. I've a good mind to propose to you anoud marry you right off the reel." "Oh, believe me, %Ir Harrison, thepro. a posing would be ony a very small part of it. t But here comes my mother. Go and say good morning, never mind me." Cholly did as he was told. Mrs Colonel hIeighly stood at the top of the companion for a brief space to recover her breath, and I Cholly went to meet her, singing low to him. . self- t Hermare!i is Inl:-a mountain wave,. ler hone is 0on thIe deep. t "'Good morning, lady fair. It is to be hoped that, sweetest slumber visited your d snowy pillow and claimed you as its own. t But I need not ask, you look as fresh as the r daisies on the lea, ere the morning sun has kissed the dew-drops from their crimson t lips.!' "Do be senci-be, Mr Harrison. Men people so seldom are. What a bright, beau. tiful morning it is r Oh, yonder is dear l Tilda; we must go toher. Your arm, Mr t Harrison." Cholly gave- his arm as desired, and she y leant very heItvily on it indeed. As neither ', of the two of them had acquired their sea legs, their march along the Msountain Wave served to impress the leuegiug sailors more o with an extreme sense of the ridiculous, than h anything in the way of admiration. tl " Jigger my eyes, Jim," said one. "Yon's g a sight." " She has all the- airy grace of Gruyere a Cheese," said the steward, who was bearing off a covered dish. " An' all the illigauco av a barrel o' V buttermilk," said Paddy O'Mulligan, who I was coiling the slack of a rope. " Jim," cried the first speaker. " Fly y like a good 'un to the man of the wheel, and bid; him luff a bit. Quick, for your life. a Skip." h .im skipped. Cholly and his protegee were now right in if the centre of the ivory-white quarter-deck, c and the ship was on. a nice even keel, and as e steady as a coach. Cholly gained confidence a and strainhtened himself up. He shifted his feet to got into step as nimbly as if he'd been f a drill sergeant. Mrs Colonel Keighly had b one foot elevated, that foot seemed to claw g the air for a moment,. but it sought in vain t for the deck. The. weath'r bulwarks rose high in air, a huge wall of water towered, ourlin c skyward, to the leeside. Mrs Colonel it Keighly shrieked. t Like somae strong swimmr in his agoney. Cholly clutched wild at vacancy, and the next moment these ardent lovers were lying to- i gether in thooue sppers-poor Cholly under- d neath, and a stream of foaming water, rapid as a mill-raco, swept relentless over the un happy pair, drenching them most effectually from head to feet. Ton minutes afterwards both were in bed in their respective cabins, and Cholly told Frank he had never felt so completely flattened out since the date of his h birth. " Broeafast, dear William," he added, " why it is outof the question, I hare no h plaeo to put it in. I'm ironed out, I tellyou, i as flat as a butterfly's wing." t "-Do you think that a little Hoot would help to restore your rotundity :" "Just the thing. The gas will do it, yonu know. William, you're too good for this world; there is angel written up all over f your benign vieage. William, you never committed that emurder. Hanged if you-" Frenk'shand closed over his mouth, and he could say no more. " William," he said, when he recovered his breath, "I'm a fool, and I'm constantly putting my foot in my mouth. Better luck next-ah I here comes the Moet." It took-M?rs Colonel Keighly all the fore noon toredress and get ready for luncheon. f Undrossino had been a terrible ordeal, for the v now patent corset that madame had been squeezed into that morning had never been built to stand immersion in salt water. It collapsed to a fearful extent, and the lady 1 was black in the face before Rachel and the stewardess succeeded in outting her out of I the corset. There is no other way of describing the process by which they managed at last to getlher clear. But she looked as radiant as ever, when she satled in to luncheon, and was quite willing to chalf and be chaffed about the accident. \- obody knew the real truth aboutit, how eve. though Captain Boniface strongly sue. coted the mmn at the wheel. SIt was evident to everybody, even to theo doctor himself, that after this adventure Cholly and MIrs Colonil Keighly beooame faster friends than ever. They were sol dom now, if ever, apart during the forenoon or evening. It is univorsally ad mitted byall who have evor sailed the seas that shipboard presents mny. facilios for ove-making and flirlation, 'end withot - doubt the dowager duchess made the most of it. She it was, indeed, who did most of the courting, in her own sly and inimitable way, and seoldom ind:ed did she brook Cholly out of her sight, except for that little hour aftoer dinner. :" A man must have his smoke,' shle would say. " Go aud have your pipe, Cholly; I don't forbid tobacco." "Itlhas comue to 'Cholly' now, you know," the fond lover told Frank. "For a lonmI time it was ' Mr Harrison.' Things is getting thicker. \'illiam. The mountain wave-I mean the duchess--is kiud o' closing over mn head, and if there was a paranon on board, blowed if I don't thinc tho'd marry me etraight away." SBut thero was one thing that Franik could not help noticingi, namely, that always after i coming below from lhaving his post-praudial 1 pipe, Cholly woent straigiht away to hb caubin ad chanmged hIis coot. Tliero had boon a pigmy head pillotwed on his breast, and it had lain there miuch longer than, considering SCholly's rolatni'.u with the Colonel's widow Sit lhad any business to dlo. ' Alout this Frank considered it his duty to Srally his cabin mato one evensing. "'Do you think you're bJehaving perfectly t square to MIrs Colonel lKcighly l" " William," said Cholly, turning a glance k of uilty upon his companion, " William, it a kind o' surprises Ina that you're not more a , man of the world, Do you pretend to think Sfor thie sixtieth part of a minuto that the a motuntain w'iro cres two pins for Oholly Harrison, apart, W'illiam, from the vast richesin which he rolls and wallows? " Do you think, dear William, that at this very moment mother and daughter aren't eitting in their cabin plotting and planning how they can marry the pair of us, while my darling pigmy, secure in' the undying affec tion ot her loving Cholly,. stands dressing her lady's hair and smiling inardly. It's af a game my William, dear. It's all a game. But look you, dear boy, as you haves'a soft heart, I thought I'd soften your path itn life a little. Tilde is one of the daughters of the earth, but she infair to look upon. Now, I said nothing definite to her mother bou yeou. But I did hint that you haven't done so badly at the diggings." "Well, Oholly, that's awell-meaut'ilb; for which I mustz forgive you. But I have a love already,; though she is, alas!-" "Of course';- she must be a lass," said ChollTy. "1 m not going"tb encourage your levi'y`, Cholly, by the ghost'of a smile. My love, I" e?y, is far away:'' "Yes, beyond the seas, William, and you ean't stretch across; so you know you can't do better than just'be civil to Tilda. My eyes! I illiam, if I'were only free, or rich, it's the daughter and not the mum I'd sidle down .close to of an' evening. Hanged Now of'tobedyou go. (TO BE CONTL? ED .) - (zo. ., co.. *vn~o ." -,,, -, .=- ,, 