MB. STEAD AND SPIRITUALISM. [From out Special Correspondent.] London. Januarv 6. 1893. X hear that Mr. W. T. Stead is being warmly pressed to go on to San Francisco after visiting Chicago next summer, and to return home via Australia. Mr. Fitchett strongly urges his chief to tryand arrange this journey, and has promised him a specially warm welcome in Melbourne. If the 'sage of Norfolk House' makes up his mind to the tout he will not improbably pay expenses by delivering a lecture or two on 'Ghosts' or ' Smritualism' in vour chief cities. Mr. Stead is now a firm believer in spiritualist pheno mena. He and Dr. Parker have been thrilling readers of the Morning with stories of letters which they have written at the dictates of 'spirit hands.' In the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews (' Fromthe Old WorldtdtheNew'), inthechap terentitled 'From the OtherSide,' Mr. Stead gives, he tells, us, an account of an experience which absolutely occurred to himself. The only difference is that in the story Rose, instead of the editor of the Review of Mtvieivs, writes the spiritr letter, and her deceased hus band, and not Mr. Stead's deceased friend, controls her hand. Dr. Parker believes so firmly in the inspiration of disembodied spirits that at the instigation of St. Paul and other sacred writers he is adding chapters to the Bible. Some of those privileged to hear this Holy Writ up to datehaveat once ' recog nised the soul and sentiments of St. Paul,' whilst other could see in it. only 'good old PaTker.' The great trial to fervent spiritualists of Mr. Stead's sort must be the frivolity and triviality of most disembodied spirits. The messages which mediums, &a;, bring us from our deceased relatives are almost invari ably of a paltry and absurd character. Your erstwhile visitor, Stuart. Cumberland, has sensibly resolved to burk as far as possible the renaissance of spiritualism. He offers -to bet £1,000 that the spiritualists . cannot ? show: him any phenomena which it will be oat of his mundane power (1) to explain intelligibly to the satisfaction of a dispassionate committee,' and (2) to reproduce. Mr. Stead's alleged miracle matter-of-fact people consider especially mischievous because it cannot be tested. He asks us to believe that when he sits down with a pen in his hand, and paper before him, and spirit voices in his ears, the pen moves over the paper without any volition of his own. It is controlled by a spirit 'hand. Bat here are portions of an interview with Mr.- Stead on -this question, which he clearly means to 'boom' :— Ept do you really mean to -say, Mr. Stead, asked the interviewer, that you know of your own knowledge that the lengthened, communi cations referred to in tha Review of Reviews were absolutely written automatically, without any knowledge on the part of the person whose hand wrote them ? I do, for the best of all reasons ; because it was my hand that wrote them, and Z . am will ing to assure you in the most solemn and serious manner that I had no idea in the world what my hand was going to write when it began to write. Then how did you start off— all of.aeudden? ? It came about in this way. One of my friends had been accustomed for some time to do automatic writing, and when I was watching the process a message was written to me to the effect that a certain deceased lady wished to use my hand. I said I should be very glad, but it was absolutely impossible for my hand to write except consciously, and that, as far as I knew, I had not a particle of mediumistio power. My own phrase was- that I was blind, deaf, and dumb in all psychical matters, and I could neither do automatic handwriting, go into a trance, see ghosts, or do anything whatever in that line.- The automatic handwriting went on to say that I was mistaken ; that if I would put my hand at her disposal for five minutes ehe could write with it. I said — 'By all means try,' but as my hand remained motion less for five minutes I said it was 'no .go.' Then came the message, ' I had not given her time enough.' I said I would give her another five minutes, which I did, with the same re sult, whereupon I said I would notgo on fooling round any longer as it was quite evident that! had not the capacity, and that if there was any message to be delivered it must be given to me through some person who was more gifted in that respect than myself. About a month afterwards the same person, who was doing the automatio hand writing before, wrote another message to ths effect that the person who had wished to com municate with me was present and was in great distress because she wished to Bpeak to me and I would not give her a chance. I said I had given her two chances and that I could not afford to sit for ever waiting until my hand moved. The message came, 'Will you give me nine minutes to-morrow morning before you begin your work?' I said ' Yes,' and 1 did, and to my immense surprise my hand slowly, and with great difficulty, wrote out an almost illegible message, to which was ap pended the name of the person who had alleged ehe wished to communicate with me. That was the beginning of it. Are you quite sure, Mr. Stead, that you had ' nojiart in the matter'? Consciously, not in the least. I was ex tremely surprised, because on previous occa sions my band had shown no inclination whatever to move. But on this occasion it did move, and wrote very illegibly and very slowly a distinct message. Having once broken the ice I went on and found, as I suppose every one else has found who has been willing to experiment, that the writing varies, indefi nitely, sometimes being very clear, and some times almost indecipherable. But where did these things transpire, Mr. Stead 1 — In my own study, at my own desk, at a table in a restaurant, in a railway carriage, at any time or any place, whenever and wher ever I may give my hand liberty to write for the invisible intelligence, whatever it mav he. that wishes to use it. But is there always an invisible intelligence ready to use it? — For the most part 'yes;' sometimes 'no.' iBit always the came intelligencel— By no means. As a role your hand is moved by some agency which describee itself as having at one time lived on this earth. But do you betieve- it? — Never, unless it gives'proof that it is what it professes to be. That; is to say, if my hand were to write or state that the Apostle Paul, or Shakespeare, or Socrates was writing; I ehould believe that it was absolute nonsense, and should not let it go on. But how can you get proofs of the identity of the intelligence representing itself to be a disembodied spiritS—Well, I can best answer that by telling you the foots of the story that figures- so 'Conspicuously in- my Christ mas Number, 'From the Old World to the New.' I will not mention the teal names, although I have no objection to -tell them: to- you- privately; I was staying at a country house in the west of England,, when a lady who was present masked me one day, much to my surprise, if I knew of any clairvoyant or medium. I aid,- 'Yes; but why?* She said that about eix months before ehe had lost her dearest friend, a lady of great intelligence, whom I had met twice a year or tiro before. The lady who addressed me -said further that) while: her friend was alive they had long ago promised each -other that whoever died first would appear to the other if ehe could.. 'Now,' ehe said, 'my friend has appeared to me t«rice«ince she died, once very shortly, after her decease, and the second time only the other night,: in this very house.' 'What!' I said, are there ghosts about here?' She continued, 'I was awakened in the middle of the night— Buddenly awakened by the consciousness of her pre sence at my bedside. I saw her as distinctly aa I ieea you, but I could not hear if she epote; xnen ene laaea away, ana x voiy euw a lighf- where ehe had been standing. I can not bear, to think that she has come back to see me, and -that I cannot hear her voice. I thought that if yon knew a trustworthy clairvoyant ehe-znight baable to tell me what my friend wants to say. I said, 'Very well, when you come, back to London I will introduce you to Mrs. Davies. But my hand has begun to write a little. I knew your friend, and if .she is about I will see if she will write with my hand.' Next morn ing before breakfast, in my bedroom, I took a pencil, in my hand, put it upon a sheet of paper, and uaidV 'Now, Miss' (naming the person), 'if you have anything to com municate- to Miss ? you can1 use my hand .to say. what you want.' Then,, without ^a moment's hesitation, my band very slowly wrote (her name and- traced three lines of a message, I said theb, 'This is all verywerj but how do I know that this is nob merely the ?unconscious action xrfrmy own-brain working in some mysterious way? BTowdo I know that youiane what you orofessto be? Can you«ive me s, teeVot your identity ? ' My. hand wrote ??Yesi' » Then I received the test about Minerva, which was given almost exactly as it is stated in the- chapter 'From- the OtheriSide'inthe Christmas Number of the Review of Reviews. In fact, from this point the whole t-f the rest of the narrative ib an exact :trani=cript- of what aotvsauy happened, the only, difference being,$hat it was my hand, not that of ' Base,' that wrote, and that it w&s.eontrolled;, not by Bose's husband, but by the lady who had died about six or seven months previously- in America. All the rest of the story is quite exact,, the names being altered, and the places also, eoas not to reveal the identity of thepersons concerned. But, Mr. Stead, are you going to have this thing; proved?— Certainly; I have already eeen Professor Sidgwick and Mr. W. H. Myers, leading members of the Psychical Besearch Society. I bave submitted to them in outline the story that I.hav© told/you, and I jam preparing ?& paper embodyingall the facts with the vouohera and formal evidence, lam quite sure that when you have all the facts before, yon- -you will oomo to the same conclusion that I have done, viz., thatihere is no escapingfrom the conclusion that the dis embodied-spiritofmy friend does write with ''Icbgn ^re«yon aSpititmiliBt, Mr, Stead-?-*1 Only in the sense in which every person who accepts the Bible is a Spiritualist. I am simply an investigator. I am perfectly open to conviction, but I am also ready to recognise facts, and I hope I am at least free from that superstition of unbelief which is really much more dense and crass than the old kind of superstition against which it makes war. Then is that your last word, Mr. Stead? For the present my lasb woTd iB this, that before many months are over I think it will be admitted by every candid mind that the per sistence of the individual, after death and. the possibility of communicating with that in dividual has been as well established on a ecientifio basis. as *ny other fact in nature. That you may think is a bold assertion. It is nob an assertion. It is a prophecy, based upon facts which are within my own know ledge, and of whioh I speak with as much con fidence as I do of anything which has ever come within my own personal observation. 