MISCELLANY. Mi. Ulou-lioitl a liar, Tommy .'" Toiiliily—"Ycs'ni: he s a smaller man than pa." Mike—" Iiallo, Pat, how much did; you pay for your new hat ?' Pat-'' Faith and I don't know: Miere-w«s no oiie-in-phe shop when I bought it." »' Is G wftynus in ?" asked the sable caller. Ifo is, sah,j replied the dusky functionary at the door, but lie is occupied." " How soon, sail" said the caller, pulling: up his shirt collar, " will Mistah Gwayima be vacant T \ A health officer recently received the following: note from one of (he residents of his district—"Dear Sir—-I beg to tell you llmtmy child, aged eight months, is suffering of measles at required by Act of Parliament" President of die Doemup Pond, Invest ment, and Silver-milling Company—" We liave sold every share of our stock." Investor—" Rut you are still advertising stock for sale." President of the Company — " Yes; we arc having a lot more printed." ° Little Gtnr,—"Mrs. Brown, ma wants to Know if she could borrow a dozen eggs: she wauls to put cm under a hen." "So you've got a hen silling, have you? I didn't know you kept hens." l 0,"la am, we don't; but. Mis. Smith's goin' to lend us a hen (hat wants losit; ami ma thought, if you'd lend us some eggs, we'd find a nest ourselves." I.v one of his Budget speeches Sir Stafford Northcotc (Lord lddesleigh) referred to tlie many curious suggestions and requests made to Chancellors or the Exchequer, and, as an illustration, be quoted a teller lie had received a few days before from Glas gow. The winter sent twelve penny stamps, in return for which lie requested that a " twa-liccd bawbee ' might be scut, as be wanted it" for tassin' One morning a witty individual wagered (hat he would ask the same question of fifty different persons and receive the saute answer from each. The .wit went fii*st to one and then to another, until he 'Kwjrached I.lie number of fifty. And this is bow lie t'Vv ,et' "e u,"ispei-ed half audibly to each, " I ?■**. ® T y°u.'ieaitl that Smith lias failed V " What Smith rV|ueried the whole fifiv, one after another <md\ it; Was decided that the bet had been fa'rly >vot/., J 3 ■ -/Tj|avers, known as "the stammering wit of-' \\\ all-street," was showing an English visitor UliB--sights of New York. Passing dow n Wall-street lie suddenly stopped his companion, and pointing to a mail standing on the Custom house Mens exclaimed, Do you see that little man over there; the one wi-witlithe bl-bl-hlaek beard? Take a go-good look: that s the gi-gr-greatcst cu-cu-curiosity in America Jay Co-Gould, with liis liands in his ow-own pocket." Jay Gould didn't make many jokes. He was too lnisy. Hut he had brains enough to if bo chose. On that historic dav in Wall-stieet foliovvin the memorable Black Friday Gould's old partner, risk, shaking his finger in the millionaire's face, shouted, "I'll live to see the day,sir, when you'll have to earn a living by going round litis street with a hand organ and a monkev." " Maybe vou will, Henry, maybe you will," was the retort! " And when 1 want a monkey, llcnry, I'll send for you." ".The Daily Dread is n good paper to work on, isn't it T said the reporter with the checkered trousers. \ es," replied the reporter with the loud watch- chain, "but it's peculiar. Just as sine as a man gets to doing good worl: and Iiecomes worth something it fires him. I've been on that paper mighty near ten yeans," lie added retrospectively, "and 1 never knew it to keep a fellow that was worth a continental longer than about six months. That is, I—er—" A lORKSimtE woman who had never been oil a railway decided to have a jaunt in the after noon and get liack before her husband and family . came home from work. So after dinner she went to I the station anil, going up to she booKiutr-ottice, | asked for "a ticket to go and come back." The ! booking- clerk.asked where she wished to tro to. The j woman, looking indignant, said, " What does ta j want to know for, tha' young puppy: 1 never I tolled our fou k at liooam, and I'm sure' 1 sba'n't tell 1 thee J A schoolboy's composition on " The Editor" ran as follows:—"The editor is one of the f happiest individuals in the world. He can go to anv circus in the afternoon and evening without laying a jiennv, also to inquests and hangings. lias free tickets to theatres, and sometimes gets a licking, but not often, for be can take things back in the next issue, which lie generally does. While other folks have to go to bed early, the editor can sit up late every night and see all that is going on. When I am a man 1 mean to be an editor, so that I may stay out late at night. That will he jolly." " Mamma, tloos the dictionary have all the words in_ it?" "Yes, den." "All the won Is they is'f' " Yes ; all there are." "An* what tliev mean V "Tes." "Can I look in the dictionary, niaumia?" " Yes, yes, anil keep still while mamma taiks with Dr. Anlibrigues." Johnny disappeared into the library and was gone twenty minutes. When he came back he wore a look of deep disapjioiutmens and struggledwith the weight of Webster unabridged. " I can't find it, uiaiuma," he obseived with a frown. " What is it you want to find, Johnny ?" inquired the good doctor. "What papa said when 1 breaked his shaving mug," was the innocent but suggestive remark. The.members of.the Independent Order of Enthusiastic Good Fellows were operating on Mr. Timbcrwhcel, putting him through the operations supposed to lie necessary to convert an ordinary citizen into an FnthusiaslicGood Fellow. They were almost through with the initiation when some kind of explosion in the store over which the hall was situated blew the building into the middle of the street and interfered with the ceremonies. Ready hands get to work am] extricated the people from the debris. Fortunately no one was hurt very much, but after a census had been taken Mr. Timbcrwheel was found to be missing. A search was instituted, and In-fore long he was found in an adjoining yard, where the force of the explosion had lauded him. lie sat in a lodge-room chair, and his eyes were still blind folded. " Why on earth didn't you take that tiling off j our eyes and get out of the chair when the ex plosion occurred?" asked one of the Enthusiastic Good Fellows. " Explosion ! " echoed Timberwheel. "wby. I thought that was part of the initiation."— Harper'& Bazaar. Sir Hicuaud Owen's Ghost Story.—In his early days, when' he held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in tlicgaol, and a post- mortem as wcjl as an inquest were tiecossary. After lite inquest, the young surgeon saw the body put in the collin aiid the lid screwed dow n, to lie ready for tne funeral next day. Owen had at the tunc been already attracted to the study of compara tive anatomy, and negroes' heads were 'not plentiful; so he made up his tuiiid t hat litis one should not be lost to the cause of seieuep- In ihejevcniug he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brjck—from his official position hp had no difficulty in getting ad mittance to the mortuary, where the boffin liil was unscrewed, and screwed down again; Durin-' this process the prick and the negro's head changed places. Tlie ground outside the'principal entrance U> the gaol pas a considerable descent; and the time being Winter, with 6tiow aiid frost. Ow'on pad scarcelys passed out when lip slipped hud fell all Ills length—the bag went jfrom bis hand, and tlie head! tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. lie Jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head d melted it just as it finished its career in a small jsliop where tobacco Was sold. Hushing it' int6 tliq hag again, he vanishes out of the shop w^ili all iht speed lie was capable bf. Next .morning, when .Owen was going to his usuavdulics at .tlie prison, he was called in hy the woman at the shop ' where the accident! had occurred oil the previous evening. She wislidi him to see her liusVfnnl, who 1 was very ill. He liad had, she said, a fright, the night before thatcaiked him to look wild nt'irl dazed like. The man, it Jtunied out, was a retired sea captain, who pad bleu in many adventiujes among the West India [skulls, when many deeds tyere done that did not at that time requite to be accounted , for. Among these hid been the killing of a negro in I winch he had a hand, and the transaction had left a (ouch of (rouble oil itis conscience. After giving these delnlls the old captain told of llti horrible event that took pllcc the night before. I He was sitting in Illssiiop, ail was quiet, and it sd chanced ■Shot ho liad bam, thinking of the negro, when i suddenly he saw tils very head roll into tlifc shop In irontof the counter, and it was followed hy Ute Devil, all in black, with a block hog hi ins hand, the Devil snatched up the head, and lioth disappeared ! hrougli the earth like a Hash of lightning. The ~'J"* woB.pei'liairs not quite complimentary mmUMWin, but li ens Muafuetuiji f showed that his identity liad not been i 