A ROMANCE OF WAR. t [BY W. J. LAMirTON.] ' I'm a Mason,' said a man of soldierly i bearing, when the drummer had finished g a yarn, ' and am also a soldier, or was in the late war between the states. I was a general of brigade in the union army, and saw some of the romance as well as the reality of war.' 1 There was more reality than romance about it, wasn't there?' queried the drummer. 'Rather,' smiled the soldier, 'but it t made the romance only the more delight- s ful. I remember on one occasion when we were down in Georgia, where most of the office-seekers come from now, I was f out one morning with a couple of order- h lies, riding along a hillside road, which a just ahead of us met another coming up a from the valley. As we rode slowly along I heard the sound of a horso's hoofs on the road below and the clanking of a sabre. None of the enemy in force was anywhere near that locality, and I felt sure that some stray confed was riding that way, and we went ahead till we could command a view of the road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a brand new uniform, bright trappings, and a fine sword came by on a beautiful horse. He was a handsomo fellow, and,all unconscious of his danger, was whistling a merry air. 1 Of course we must capture him, but how to do it was a question at first, but we soon settled on a quiet little ambuscade, and in five minutes more we had him Y covered and he threw up his hands. A more crestfallen prisoner I never saw then that young fellow, and I felt sorry for him, but I could do nothing but take him along. We hadn't gone far until he got next to me, with both orderlies riding some yards in advance, and he gave me a sign. I recognised it on the spot. ' " We are Masons,' he said, " and I want to tell you my story. I know I've got no business over here, practically in your lines, but I'm not on a mission of war, but one of love and peace. You see how I'm tricked out in all the best I've :got '-and he smiled consciously and blushed-" and Iexpected to be married Y this afternoon. The girl is waiting for me now, and don't you think it is pretty hard 1 on her for me to be in this fix ? I had no -idea your troops were so near or I should have slipped in in the night and got out ,again, but it's too late to talk about that now. You've got me, and her heart will bebreaking while I am shut up in some prison, and it won't be much satisfaction t to you, will it ?' 'By George !' went on the general, with moistened eyes, ' it stirred the blood within me as I listened to that goodlook ing fellow and thought of the dear girl 1 'waiting for him.' 'Hold on a minute,' said I, ' there's a turn in the road yonder, and when the ,orderlies get out of sight if you are will ing to take a risk, suppose you take it.' 'He shook my hand silently and the tears and smiles came together. As the orderlies turned the bend the young man turned his horse and started back down the road on a dead run. I gave him a good iestart and then I banged away at him with my revolver and went after him, butI took the wrong road at the forks, and sny orderlies came after me as fast as theycould. I guess we must have chased back along that road for two miles or more, but we didn't find that confounded riscal anywhere, and the orderlies never suspected that I had anything to do with letting him get away. At least they never mentioned it in my hearing,' and the general smiled. ' What became of him at last?' asked the drummer. 'About four months after that I was holding a town in Tennessee,' continued the general, ' and in that town was the rankest old fire eater I ever saw. He was a courtly old chap but bitterer than gall, and utterly beyond reconstruction. He wouldn't speak to a bluecoat, and there were times when it was almost necessary to put him under guard for his own safety. He was too old to be dangerous, but occasionally he talked so we had to threaten him. One day I was almost startled out of my wits by his coming into my headquarters. lie was white with suppressed feeling, but he managed to tell me that there was a lady at his house, a very near and dear relative, his only daughter, in fact, who wanted to see me that evening at 7 o'clock. He had been very loath to come to a Yankee, he said, but she insisted so that he was com pelled to do it, and then he bowed and went out like an old king with his crown gone. There was no explanation, and I told the provost marshal about it, and said I was going up myself to see what it meant. He was sure there was a trap laid for me and did not want nie to go at all, but I told him southern hospitality did not betray people and I would go. I went, and as I passed through the gate and grounds,to the fine old mansion I saw the shadowy forms of my bluecoats all about as silent as ghosts. Is was plain thie provost marshal was ready to settle matters if anything happened to me. However, I never lot on, but went in and the old man met me at the door, grimly directed me into the slarge, old-fashioned parlour, and stamped off down the great hall. I went in, and a very beautiful young woman of twenty- two, I should say, met me half way across the room. 'You are a Gen.-?' she said ques. tioningly. I bowed. ' And may I enquire why I have been asked here ?' I said, without taking the chair which she gracefully passed me.You see I was half uneasy and didn't know what might happen. She smiled. 'I understand,' she said, and stood before me. Then she told me of the young officer I had permitted to escape. 'But what has that to do with this visit ' I asked, for somehow I didn't Scatch on. '1 am his wife,' she replied, blushing, 'and he told me if it ever were possible to see you I must do so and tell you for both of us how grateful we are for your Skindness.' 'Then I began to grasp the situation, and I almost fell into the chair she had offered me, and as she talked to me I never was so glad of anything in my life as that I was a Mason and he was, unless it was that I had had the opportunity of * doing a favour for so charming a woman. For half an hour she talked to me and then she called in her father,much against his will, but as she told him the whole story and her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his fine old face grew softer and softer until at last the tears came, and as she finished he rose, and coming over to me took both my hands in his, and after shaking them silently he said, ' D-n me, sic, there isn't a southern gentleman in all this sunny laud who shouldn't be proud to he such a Yankee as you are.' 1 thanked him cordially for that, and later on we had something to drink, and thereafter the old gentleman wasn't the same kind of a man any more. ' A week ago,' concluded the general, ' I visited that couple, living now beauti fully in Atlanta, with four bright and happy children about them, all grown, and one of the finest young men you ever saw anywhere bearing my name.' 