CHOSTS. A CHAT WI'TH A lHAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. "Then you don's believe in ghosts, Mr Brooke ?" , Certainly not; but I do believe there are people who see them-in imagination." Such was the question put by a repre sentative of the Pall Mall Gazette, and the answer received from Mr W. F. Brooke. of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a circular offering to visit "haunted house" and lay the most troublesome "spook." Mr Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Research Society,and thinks that if more activity was shown many houses that have beam empty for years, because they hayve the reputation of being haunted, migbt be let. Hie has great faith in indi. vidual work in thiP line, and is convinced that if some one would set himself up as a " epecialit," aad offer to take up his quarters in the "dread being's own abode" for a little time, he might easily find out the.real cause of the disturbance, anti thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a hause a bad name. THE ADVENTURE O THE STOWAWAY. "What was your first achievement ?" "Oh, a very simple aff~air. I wason board a ship in Newcastle, Australia. and we had taken a cargoof coals for Now Zea land, but on the day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in tke ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distres.. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to heir mycelf answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coalse, fell into the' arms' of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enor mously fat during his incarceration, exist ing solely upon coal!" THE CAT AND THE RAT. "I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strangenoiees P" " Oh, yes; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured me, 'come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from. the efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a haunted house with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicious looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistaning eyes, and I 'letgo.' I drew forth a beau tiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round its neck. No more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to. scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths anud floore."' FOOTPRINTS ON ITHE SANDS. "What are your methods of unearthing ghosts ?" "They are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it; but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animalorby some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and aw??t the appearance of the apparition or the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though l) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or pawtreads. I understand thoroughly the construction of.a house,and consequently, can often detect flaws in the building that would not be noticed escept by a practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of thiege; clothes ba..skts that have contained wet. clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing day. Tney will emit peceliar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under carpets will set many people wvondesing, a bectle underneath a wall paper, tco, will make a strange scratching sound. Is is not a sufficient known fact thatimagi nation is the only intel;ectual faculty w?hieh exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those organs being the orguns of sense. It acts by producing in them, or in pasts of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impres sions, which occur in many differeint states of system. I know a nian who sees phan toms very often. I have been in'his com pany when he sees them-he has had two or three attacks of 'D.T.'" A "WOIAN'SB PITEOUS aIIDNIGHT SIIRIEKS?" "Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and where abouts of the 'spirit'?" • Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers- to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks, as of a woman while being ill treated had been heard by the neighbours, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed inthe house by myself one evening but failed to hear any thing out of the common, until a lady a few minutes before 12, gave me a tiaste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above. I went into the garden, she was there; I went into the street, she was there. I know she was there because I heard her. I examined the house thor oughly but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours searching, and I treaed her voice to the roof. I wtnt for it with aladder and brought i, down under my arm. The chimneypot cowl weeas rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." A IYSPTERIOUS FOOTSTEP.-WANIED,GHOSTS. "By no means a pleasant job, clamber ing over the roof of an empty house ? " "I've had worse. I managed to unearth the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large hodse in Hligh-street, Debtford, some time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and twopots of ' four 'arft' informed me that 'the blokes' weot lived in one of the kerravans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to 'dosi.'" 