CHAPTER IV. FATHER AND DAUGHTER. ARE you more wearied than usual to-night, papa? 'Perhaps I am, Maggie. The hot weather is trying, and our office, as you know, is not the most airy place in exist- ence. I found it very close to-day.' A quick, impatient sigh broke from Maggie Dempster's lips, and she hastily walked over to the window, not caring that her father should see the rebellious tears welling in her eyes. Just at the moment Maggie Dempster found life to be very hard, and her usual sunny serenity was marred by a feeling of dis- content. It was not an easy thing for us to see those we love suffer, and be unable to help. There was a long silence in the quiet little room, and at length Maggie returned to the side of her father's chair, and laid her firm young hand lightly on his grey head. 'Father, I wish I could do something,' she said, with a quick catch in her voice. 'When I watched you coming up the street, to-night, and saw how old and grey and feeble you looked, I felt my heart just like to break.' 'You do a great deal, Maggie, my dear,' said the old man gently. 'When you work about the house all day, and teach that weary music at night, what more could you do my girl ? It often grieves me to think of what you do, and you a Dempster too. Ay, ay, lassie, the old stock has fallen low.' 'Yes, but we are the old stock still, father,' said Maggie proudly. 'Nothing can rob us of our birthright. We may be poor enough in the world's goods, but we are Dempsters of Drumkeillour yet.' 'Ay, lassie, but that will do little enough for us,' said the old man mourn- fully. 'What do the sordid wealth- seekers in this dreary city know or care for the Dempsters of Drumkeillour ? The name to them is only an empty sound.' A shadow crossed again the fair face of the young girl, and, turning away, she began to roll up some sheets of music preparatory to going forth to her evening labours. It was a pathetic thing to look at these two-the old man and the maiden—who bore so unmis- takeably in their appearance and sur- roundings the marks of higher birth and nobler fortunes. The maiden especially, in her proud young beauty, was one at whom even a casual observer would look twice. She was verily fair to see. Tall and lithe, her figure was yet a dream of grace ; her face, if a trifle too grave and sad to attract at first, possessed that rarer charm of exquisite feature and expres- sion. The brown hair was worn like a crown above the broad white brow, and there was pride and dignity as well as womanliness in every gesture and move- ment. But her dress was poor and shabby. The little hands which nature had made perfect were red and rough with the work they had never intended to perform. The old man was bent and feeble-looking, his hair as white almost as the driven snow. His face was worn and thin, its expression that of a man to whom life is all care, unrelieved by any gleam of joy ; yet it was not quite so with David Dempster, so long as his daughter, his Maggie, his own treasured ewe lamb, was with him in his home. "I dreamed of Aunt Robina last night, father,' said Maggie more cheerfully. 'Such an absurd and foolish dream ! Do you know I saw her quite plainly stand- ing by me exactly as you have described her to me, only she seemed very old, and bent, and withered, and her eyes were so black and bright they seemed to read into my very heart.' 'She had very piercing eyes, child, when I saw them last. They glared upon me in anger terrible to see,' said the old man musingly. And yet what I did was for the best, and out of my disinter- ested love for her, only she could not see it. But for me, Drumkeillour would have been the prize of as unscrupulous an adventurer as ever lived, and probably your aunt would have been in her grave.' 'Yes, father. I have often heard you tell the story,' said Maggie, smiling a little. 'Perhaps some day Aunt Robina will give you the credit for a generous motive. Poor old thing, in spite of all her money and her great possessions, I wouldn't change places with her ; though I do wish sometimes when I see you needing little comforts very badly—yes, I do wish I could put my hand deep down into her money bags, and pilfer some of her gold. There now, I must run. Good-bye, my dearest of fathers. I shall be back just as quickly as ever I can.' 'As quickly as Frank will let you, eh, my dear ?' said the old man, with a pleasant little nod, at which Maggie blushed and ran out of the room. Left alone, the passing brightness faded from David Dempster's face, and a bitter sigh escaped his lips. 'I feel myself breaking up. The struggle cannot last much longer,' he said, in his absorption speaking half aloud. 'And what is to become of my poor girl ? God only knows ! But for that old Dempster pride, I would sue to Robina on her behalf, and yet why should I be proud ? I'll do it, ay, this very night, this very moment, lest if I dwell upon the thought I rue it.' So saying, and with forced energy, the old man rose, opened the little desk which stood upon the side table, and took out writing materials. At the bottom of the desk lay a small account book into which he peeped carelessly, and then, seeing that it was Maggie's housekeeping book, he turned over the pages, the shadow of grief and care deepening on his face. It was a sad and touching record, each meagre item neatly entered with a precision and daintiness which would have honoured a more pre- tentious cause. It required no little scheming and planning to make twenty shillings per week cover even the simple expenses of the little household, and as the old man read, his eyes grew dim with tears, and something like a groan escaped his lips. Twenty shillings per week—scarcely the wages of the commonest labourer. Such was the meagre pittance David Dempster could call his so long as he was able to sit on his stool in the office of Messrs. Macdowall & West. Yet he was a Dempster of Drumkeillour, and in the old home his hard-visaged, close-fisted sister lived among her heaps of gold, keeping up an old grudge in her heart against the sole skin she had surviving upon the face of the earth. David Dempster tossed aside Maggie's account book, took up the pen, and began :— Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh, October 186- 'MY DEAR ROBINA'— And there he paused, for memories, crowded thick and fast upon him—the phantoms of other days, the ghosts of joys and sorrows which in youth brother and sister had shared together, cathered about his heart, shutting out all the care of the present. He felt himself a boy again, light of heart and fleet of limb, hunting for birds' nests in the bonnie woods of Drumkeillour, or wading bare- foot in the silver waters of the Keillour burn, or trotting proudly on his little pony beside his father's Bonnie Jean when he rode her into Cupar market. Ay, these were happy days, 'the old laird's time, of which Cupar folk often regretfully spoke, the time when Drum- keillour had been a name held in honour and love in the country-side. While her father was thus communing with the-far-oft past, Maggie was rapidly threading her way through the busy streets to the quieter thoroughfares on the north side of the New Town. Her young face wore an expression of deep thoughtfulness, yet it was not sad. In Maggie Dempster's heart was a deep well- spring of happiness which took the sting from all the carking care of her daily life. 'If Frank were only finished with his college course, and had begun practice, how happy we would be !' she said to herself as she turned into Abercromby Place, where abode the two pupils to whom she gave nightly lessons in music and singing. Her employers were rich people, but not conspicuously generous or benevolent, consequently Maggie Dempster wrought very hard indeed for her slender salary. The mother was an accomplished lady herself, and exacted the utmost precision and closest atten- tion from the young person employed to teach her girls. Maggie, however, was so faithful and conscientious by nature, and discharged so scrupulously every duty she had undertaken, that Mrs. Sin- clair could not be otherwise than satis- fied. But it was sad drudgery for poor Maggie, and her work was irksome to her ; whether because it must always be a trial to a musician to teach those who are not musical, or whether because something of the old Dempster pride made her rebel, I cannot tell. But no one ever heard her complain, and her sighs of weariness and discontent were hidden from the world. A strange restlessness possessed Maggie Dempster that night, and she could not concentrate her atten- tion on her work. Even Flora's frequent discords passed unheeded, a circumstance which considerably astonished the child, accustomed as she was to her teacher's gentle but firm corrections. It was an unspeakable relief when the hour of drudgery was over, and she could bid her pupils good-night. Dusk had been clos- ing in when she entered the house, and when she again stepped into the quiet street it was dark, except where the faint exquisite radiance of the harvest moon brightened the gloom. It was a harvest moon yet, for the summer had been late and cold, and it was a common saying that Yule would be upon farmer folk before they got the corn on the high lands safe under thack and rope. How quiet it was, thought Maggie, as she turned away from the door, looking first up and then down the street with a pretty gesture of expectancy which some- body watching from under the shade of the trees in the gardens saw very well, and loved to see. Next minute a tall figure strode across the street, and kissed Maggie—yes, without the slightest hesi- tation, under the very gas-lamp, too; but then nobody saw, and if they did what matter ; had he not a perfect right to do so ? 'Oh, Frank, you really shouldn't !' said Maggie in very mild reproof. 'Think if Mrs. Sinclair saw, she would be quite sure to dismiss me as not being a proper preceptress for her daughters.' 'That wouldn't be a very great cala- mity, Maggie,' said the offender calmly, as he took her hand on his arm. 'Never mind, my darling, the day is coming when we'll astonish Mrs. Sinclair and a few others of her order ; and how are you to- night ?' 'Quite well, Frank, only a little rest- less,' said Maggie; and it was exquisite to see with what utter confidence and love her beautiful eyes travelled to the dear face bent upon her in tenderest interest. 'I believe it's a dream I had last night about Aunt Robina. You have heard me speak of Aunt Robina, Frank ?' 'That old dragon at Drumkeillour, you mean. I beg your pardon, Maggie, but I'm right enough,' laughed Frank. 'Yes, what did you dream about her ? 'Nothing pleasant, of course.' 'Not very. I thought she was stand- ing by me in the night reproaching me for not coming to Drumkeillour, and she did look so awful ! But you know, dear, I couldn't after such a letter, could I ?' 'Not likely. Your aunt is another we will be even with when we set up our brougham, Maggie,' said Frank teasingly ; but he drew himself up to his tall height, as if he quite meant what he said. 'How is your father to-night ? feeling better, I hope.' I don't think so, Frank. I sometimes think papa has a yearning after the old place. When one comes to think of it, it is no wonder he cannot quite forget it, and this is no life for him.' 'What was the history of the estrange- ment, Maggie ? I have never heard it yet.' 'Oh, it is a long story. Papa could tell it better than I ; but you know grand- papa was so angry over his marriage with mamma that he disinherited him ; and everything was left to Aunt Robina. Not long after grandpapa's death, a Dundee lawyer with whom he had done some business began to come a great deal about Drumkeilleur, and Aunt Robina got quite infatuated with him. It was quite the talk of the country- side, and when papa heard of it he was very angry, and went to Drum- keillour to inquire into the matter. He found this Gavin Wardrop almost in pos- session—in fact, Aunt Robina was on the very eve of marrying him. I can't go through the story rightly, Frank ; but it seems that papa had some hold on Wardrop, whom he had known abroad, and he threatened that unless he went clear away from Drumkeillour, and re- linquished all claim on Aunt Robina, he would expose him to the world. It must have been a serious thing, for Wardrop went away quite meekly, and never came near Drumkeillour again. But Aunt Robina never forgave papa, nor did she ever, see or speak to him again. She said he had broken her heart and spoiled her life ; but I have often heard papa say she did not know from what he had saved ner. That is the story, Frank, so far as I know it ; but you must get it from papa some night. I am sure he will tell it to you, he is so fond of you, and trusts you so implicitly. Why, are we so near home already ?' 'Yes, indeed !' said Frank ruefully. 'I say, Maggie, do you care for me as much as I care for you ?' 'Look at the Castle lights, Frank, aren't they beautiful ?' asked Maggie innocently. 'Drumkeillour may be bonnie, but it cannot be so grand as dear Edinburgh.' 'Maggie, do you know what you deserve.' 'Yes; something very good for allow- ing you to escort me home, Mr. MacLeod.' 'You shall have it presently, when we get into the delightful quietness of Buccleuch Place,' said Frank mis- chievously. 'Do you know where we shall live when we are married, Maggie ?' 'No. Where.' 'In Charlotte Square. I was looking at the house to-day.' Maggie laughed. 'And you will be Professor Macleod. So learned and great that I shall be afraid to open my mouth, eh ?' So they laughed and chatted, and built their lovely hopes and dreams as lovers have done and will do till this old world is done. Ah, well, let them be ; it may be their happiest time ! They parted on the doorstep, for Frank, anxious as he was to prolong these sweet and rare moments, had three hours' work waiting him at home ; for he had begun in earnest his winter studies—when summer came again, he hoped to close with highest honours his college life. There was a very sweet and tender smile on Maggie's lips when she ran lightly up the stairs and entered her quiet home. There was no light there, but directly she opened the door she heard her father rise. 'Is that you, Maggie, my dear little girl ?' he said, his voice shaking with excitement. 'Come here, my dearie, and let me hold you in my arms. Then we will get a light and read together that is true.' 'That what is true? What are you talking about, daddy dear ?' asked Maggie, with a certain tender alarm in her voice. 'Why are you sitting all alone in the dark ? And, see, the fire has quite gone out.' 'Never mind, my dearie, never mind,' said the old man, in the same nervous, excited way. 'I have had a great shock of surprise to-night, Maggie. Your Aunt Robina is dead.' 