ONE OF Sir RichARD OWEN'S GHOST STORIES Sir Richard Owen had two remarkable ghost stones, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one aboat to be re A recorded here was perhaps the better of the two. In his early days, when Owen held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancas ter, a negro died in the jail, and a post mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down to be ready for burial next day. Owen had at the time had already been attracted to comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag plentiful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prwonj with a bag omtraining a briok. From his oinoiai position he had do difficulty in obtaining admittance to the mortuary, screwed down again. During this process the briok and the negro's head changed pleoes.' Dub ground outside the principal flntraaoe to the jail had a considerable dee »*11d tiie tune being winter, with enow and frost, Owen had scarcely, -passed out when he slipped and fell all his length— the bag went from his hand and the head tum bled oat and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag and, follow ing the head, clutched it just as it its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into thp bag he vanished ont of the shop with afl fo** , speed he was capable of. Next morning, whan Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at tbe shop whore the ac cident had occurred on the previous even ing. 8 he wished him to see her husband, woo was very m. He had had, die said, a fright the night before that him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures West India Islands, when many deeds were done that did not at that require to be aooountedfor. Among these had been the killing of a negro, iu which be hadahfcnd, and the transaction had left a touch of trou ble on lus oonHoienoe. After, giving ' details, the eld O&ptaiA; told of the horrible «r w uiai loor piaoe sne nignt before . He was dttbr in Ms shop, all was quiet. audit eo^chanoed that he had been of {he negro, when suddenly he saw his very head coll into the shop in front of the counter,' asdit was foUmd by the devil, allin blaek, with a black hag In his . 3he devil matched up Ihe head, and both disap peared through the earth like a~flash of 1 lightning. The description was, perhaps, - not quite oompliaentaiT to the young - oauBt, but it was satisuotory, so far thav It eho wad that Mi identity hadnot been re cognised.-^ London ffm. 