ffirumba 1 j ! 1 ' ' ! ! I 1 ; i ! I ! i j I i I ! | ; j ' ! j Gas. Dust. Warm. Sugar is riz. Autumn in sight. Well rowed Ports. St. Peters is healthy. A silver kiog fired at. Blinman in form again. "The Ghost" is coming. Tall scoring on the Ova!. " The rtds can't be beat.'' Port-road is terribly cut up. Swimmers at tho City Baths. Thebarton wants a little loan. Big hitting by the Norwoods. "'Silver Chimes" at the Bijou. Barometer at noon to-day 30 00. Primitive Methodists conferring. Fearful atrocities in Nyassaland. Sprinters under the electric light. SpangleB and sawdust next week. The Arab sla vedealers at it again. " Darkest" Africa is indeed dark. Bicyle records broken in Melbourne. "The Late Lamented"at the Royal. Liederlafel marine excursion to-night. Lord Hopetoun won the Oakleigh Plate. P. A.C. won the public schools' boat race. Dr. Magarey in his element on Saturday. Croydons bored the Registers on Saturday. Military night at the Theatre next Friday. Chinese josshouse opened at Port Darwin. The Autumn Sho.f at the end of the wesk. A big crowd at the Continental on Saturday. Importations of arms into Ireland prohibited. Why are not the pony races rnn up to time? Will there be ructions over the Homo Rule Bill ? Harmony afioat at the front door of the colony. Eastern suburbs charging double piiie for drunks. Metal on the Poit-road is reduced to a fine powder. An enquiry to be htld into Lord Hopstoun's tunning. More disqualifications at the pony races on Saturday. Hard times for lolly eaters. Sugar m&rkBt; hardening. St. Peters roads were regarded as fairly satisfactory. Sixes and fives nearly as common as singles b on ,u n l . . P UC aown lne 01ty meu on the « J cn baturd a ll J'- "Our only General'' the Viscount is infested with Ulsteria, Giffen, Hayward, and McKenzie went in for sixes and fives. Registers, 31; Croydons, 2 wickets for 1G0. Day 101 not out. Old Saints and Old Princes with bat and bill on the Oval. " Simon tbe Cellarer" at a temperance meatin p. Oh, horror! Another match accident in Victoria-square on Saturday night. Brother Jonathan looks after No. 1 in his commercial treaties. The Torrens presented a gay aai pretty picture on Saturday. St. Peters Council bad their annual perambulation'on Saturday. A correspondent writes of Parliament being "demoralized." Oh! Appointment of the Hon. R. W. Duff characterised as a job. The "direct veto" is the new cry of the Temperance Alliance. What a charming lecturer on Utopian subjects, Dr. Cockburn is. Temperance people have discarded the good old term "local option." Register office has sent £1,104 153. Id. to the Queensland Relief Fund. American switchmen refused higher wages and then strike collapsed. How many South Australians are going to New Australia? Very few. Mr. Walter Bentley, the eminent a;tor, arrives to-morrow morning. Add 12m. 53s. to your sundial and then you can regulate your Waterbury. V.R.C. Autumn Meeting has £13.850 added money; beeina next Saturday. Mr. Playford is a bit sweat on election of Ministers and the referendum. Mayor of St. Peters had a gratifying statement to make on Saturday night. Dr. Cockburn gave a characterises address tothe Democratic Club last night. Hon. T. H. Angas's Parliamentary earnings going to the Home for Incurables. Unley-road not wide enough on Saturday night for returning holiday-makers. Mr. Nicholson is probably busy loading his biggest guns on Mr. Hartley's report. Was the Ministry agreeably surprised or otherwise with Mr. Hartley's report ? Mr. Wilson treats the statements of Agents- General contemptuously. What next ? The extension of the reports about sporting events on Saturday is a significant fact. Sun rises at 5.4S a.m.; sets at C.38 p.m. Moon rises at 4.52 p.m.; sets at L30 a.m. Bible Christians in Conference. Five per cent, of their liabilities paid off last year. The Norwoods demonstrated how ridiculous it is to play two matchc-s on Buch a ground. "The great Mogul" is to have another chanoe if not pieced by Yorke's Peninsula. \- The working man is designated by Lord Meath the "despotic king" in New Zealand. " Hamlet" to be produced on a scale of excellence hitherto unapproached in this oolony. It was a thorn, but Emma Threadgold thought it was a snake. Frightened to death. Yorke's Peninsula does not approve of supplying the Parliamentary Consolation Stake*. " Amos banged a fiver before he was caught in two minds." Another pit for the unwary batsman. Careless matoh-throwers if not amenable to city By-laws must be treated.to a " bunoh of fives." Primitive Methodists have captured citadels of intelligence in South Australia as well as the homeB of the poor. The shutters are up at [the Talking Shop, but there will be an exhibition of gas at the Central Market to- night. Retiring President of Wesleyan Conferenoe (Rev. J. Allen) will deliver an interesting address to-mou-ow night. " To arms" is the cry of those afflicted with Ulsteria. It appears that Imperialists want to start a civil war in Ireland. If Mr. Bass£ had been favoured with Saturday night's weather throughout tbe summer what a haul he would have made. " Art thou He that should come, or do we look for another ?" The question propounded about the Rev. J. Day Thompson. Mr. Hartley has produced a most interesting report on Scripture reading in New South Wales schools. But tbe surprises ! Hon. J. H. Angas has given a month's Parliamentary salary to the Home for Incurables. This fact gives rise to sundry reflections. Is Mr. Harvey, who revived the painful memories at the Alliance meeting on Saturday night, a bit of a wag or a Simon the Seller-er? The Earl of Meath says during his tour he never heard a good word in any colony for manhood suffrage, but there were frequent complaints. According to Earl Meath there are large classes of the people affectionate and loyal to the Empire, and they only need the oocasion in order to astonish the world. OBIT.—John Evelyn died February 27,1706, aged 85. He was "a fine old English gentleman" and no mistake. He was barn of an ancient and honourable family at Wotton House, in Surrey, educated at Oxford, served in the Royal army during the oivil war, retired to the Continent, returned after eight years full of useful information " as a.n egg's full of meat-;" assisted in bringing atout the restoration of Charles II. to his throne, " his crown, and dignity;" married the daughter of Sir Richard Brown ; was one of the first members of the Royal Society; was appointed Commissioner for the sick and wounded seamen, also one of tbe Commissionera'Tor rebuilding St. Paul's Cathedral, was a member of the Board of Trade, one of the Commissions for executing the office of Lord Privy Seal, and Treasurer of Greenwich HospitaL And yet he found time to write numerous works on S3ulpture, chalcography, engraving on copper, the earth, nuupirmatica, a history of religion, a memoir of. Mrs. Goldolphin, a curious diary and correspondence, and, as the oritics phase it, "last; not least," a " Discourse on Forest Trees." .Huswasthe very first book printed by the Royal Society, and actually led to the planting of many millions of trees Ja various parte oftbe kingdom. 