A CAREER qF.)FSPERATE1 ADVENTURE. A STORY STRANGE AS A DREAM. (TEMPLE BLR. -'Othello's narrative sums up, jwith singular,. exactnes ' the story` ofi the strange career which we are now about to trace. Tle'history of'the Couit de Benyowsky is a tale Of most disastrous chances, Of mbvingaccidents by flood and field, Of being .taken' by the insolent foe' And sold to slavery It is a tale w~hich, as it tells Of his redemption thence, A- nd portance in his travel's history, whiirls: the reader round the globe,. through every kind of peril and adven ture, through scenes that change at every insta?ntlike the aspect of a dream. Itjs. this swift succession of events so varied and so striking that imparts to :Benyowsky's story is peculiar colour ?romance. :.He'is the Candide and the Monte Christo of real life. SMELLS POWDER EARLY. He was born in the year 1741, -at Verbowa, the familyestate in Hungary, was baptised by the names of Maurice Augustus, and, as the son of a magnate, was brought up at the court ?Viennia. The fortunes :of his early years were well adapted to call forth his character. His father was a general of. the Em-. peror's, Jhorse.;.and the boy, being de stined for:the same profession, received at fourteen the rank of lieutenant, marched ,against Prussia, anid fought in foir ' :pitched battles bsfore he was seventeen.' While he was absent in Lithunia his father died, and he be came the Count de "Benpowsky.' But. his brother, during his absence, seized on his:estate, " Heinstantly:fleir home, raised and armed a party of his vassals aid diove'off the birds of prey. But the interloping heirs ihad 'friends' at court. He was accused as a rebel and a rioter.....His castle and domains were takei:ifro0i liiii by the State, and given over to the clutch of the usurpers. In adnger and disgust lie turned his back upon his country, and having a desire to study _seamanship, repaired : to Amsterdam, and thence to Plymouth. There he found time to learn, not!only how:to sail aship, lint how to playla game of chess, and how to twang the harp. .. ... HIS LOVE STORY. He' then resolved- to see the world; but as he was about to step on board a vessel bound for the West Indies, the States of Poland sent him an appeal to join their confederation against Russia. His bold, restless, and adventurous spirit, leaped at the proposal. He crossed to Warsaw, took the oaths, and held hijmself in instant readiness for action. But before he was required to draw his sword he chanced to fall into a fever, while staying at the house of a gentleman of Zips named Hensky, was nursed back into health by his host's'three daughters, fell in Jove with one of them, and married her.. The honeymoon was scarcely over when he was summoned by the States to Cracow which a Russian force was marching t6 besiege. Without venturing to tell his bride where he was going, he tore limself from her embrace, and rode away, upon .that fatal enterprise which was destined to prove fruitful of so many strange vicissitudes. Benyowsky was now twenty-seven, a soldier and a sailor,- master of a handsome face and figure, a consti tution made of iron, a manner which, according to occasion could sway the minds of ine o6r-steal away the hearts of ladies, a ready wit, a tongue which spoke six languages with equal ease, a spirit to which peril and adventure were as the breath of life. Such a man wvas.likely_ to- turn out a dangerous enemy. And to the Russians were to find. TERRIBLE IN BATTLE. He arrived at Cracow just as Count Pairrin, - with the Russian force, appeared before the walls. He was at once appointed colonel-general of the cavalry and .speedily his troop of horse became-a name of terror. Pro visions from the first were searce, and soon Fran very low .Benyowsky dashed out of the town, stormed and took the fort of Landscron, and fought his way again into the city with thirty prisoners, a herd of oxen,'and sixty baggage waggons heaped with grain. The Russians, stung with rage, drew close their lines of siege. .In vain. Ben yowsky,;with his troop, :stle out at dead of night, swam across the Vistula, gained the open country, collected waggons in the villages,, and loaded them with spoi The point then was .to lidge themin in'the. town. .It was 3 o'clock at night, and a dim moon was rising. Benyowsky placed the convey withe party under Baron de Kluscusky, set himself at the head of the remain der, and dashed upon the camp. The Russians, as he expected, flew forth -like angry hornets. His charge was beaten off, half his little band were killed or taken,'and he hinmself was cut down from his saddle, wounded in two places, and secured. But, meantime, the Baron had slipped softly through the lines, and the :waggons were all safe within the city. TRIBULATION BEGINS. At last a troop of Cossacks came upon him)by surprise at Szuka. They had' with them a howitzer, staffed to the muzzle with cold iron, stones, andrubbish. .This piece was fired off in the skirmish, and Benyowsky was struck down by the hail of missies. Struinned, bruised, and bleeding from no less than seventeen wounds, he was Seized by the exultant enemy and carried offin chains. Aid then begin his tribulations. Womunded as he was, no surgeon was allowed him. He was fed on bread and water; he was forced to march all day in heavy chains His guards at first were bound for Kiov; but discover ing when they reached Polone that their prisoner was dying, they were obliged to leave him in the hospital. As soon as he began to mend, his chains were once more fastened on him, and he was conducted to the dungeon of the city fortress. "The dungeon was a den, far under neath the ground, where eighty captives were cooped up together. -No ray of light could pIenetrate the darkness; sighs, groans, 'the oise of clanking chains alone disturbed the silence. The den was never cleaned; the foul air cherished pestilence; and in one corner stood a.pile of noisome corpses, which grewlarger-day by day. With in this fetid hole, dolorous as a pit of the lost souls in Malebolge, Benyowsky wore away three weeks of living death. On the -twenty -second day of his captivity the survivors, leaving thirty five .dead bodies in the den, were led forth into the Place of Arms, where several hundred prisoners were assemb led. These were chained in rows to gether, and started on the march to Kiov. The hardships of that journey were such as would have tasked a strong: man in full health; and Ben yowsky .was half-famished, wounded, limping on a crutch. The roads were' steep and rugged; but the prisoners were beaten forward by the guards like cattle. To increase their miseries, the commaider of the guards turned out a greedy. theif, -vho stole the prisoners bread, sold it, and put the proceeds in .his pocket. At nightfall he accepted from 'the' villagers, among whose huts the prisoners ought to have been quart ered, paltry bribes to leave themundis turbed; and Benyowsky and his fellow captives were lodged on- the bare ground and left to shiver iin the snow and rain. The result was such as might have been expected. The road was strewn with dead and dying. Out of near nine hundred prisoners who left Polone, .less than a hundred and fifty scare rows crawled, half-alive, into the gates of Kiov. Benyowsky, on arriving, fell into a fever, and: for ten days was raving in delirium. The moment he began to mend he was sent .forward to Cazon. There he was lodged in a house of a goldsmith named Vendischor, and found himself at liberty to move about thetown, to pay visits and make friends. A bold idea struck him; he would organise in secret all the exiles in the city, attack the governor and the garrison, and regain his freedom. He went instantly to work. One by one, conspirators were sworn; the design grew and promised well; whenonenight two of the intriguers quarrelled One of them went straight to the governer, revealed : the "whole plot, and named Benyowsky as the leading spirit. The next night, about eleven o'clock, as Benyowsky was just stepping into bed, a loud knocking was heard at the street door. He lighted a "candle, wrapped himself in a dressing-gown, went downstairs and opened the door.. An officer" with twenty soldier stood without, who had been sent to take him.- A curious freak of f.oiune saved him. The officer who did not know his features, .took him for a servant, and demanded whether the Count de Benyowsky was within. Then, with out waiting for an answer, he snatched the candle from his hand, and darted up the stairs to sieze his prisoner. Ben yowsky, left alone below, took in the situation at a glance. He drew his dressing-gown about him and slipped away into the night. He hastened to.the .house of Major Wyns Blath, one of the companions of his plot. The two resolved to risk their lives on a bold venture. They stole out of the town, procured horses at the nearest village, and giv ing out that they were officers with des patches from the governor of Cazen, got safely to St. Petersberg. There they found a skipper due to sail next day for Holland. They booked a passage with him for five hundred ducats, and arranged to meet at midnight on the bridge across the Neva. Midnight came, the fugitives were at the bridge. The skipper was behind his time; but in'a few minutes they de scribed him coming. He appeared to be alone; but as he stepped up to Ben yowsky, twenty soldiers started out of the darkness at his back, knocked them down, and made them fast. The honest skipper had been seized with a suspicion, and had sold his passengers for a round sum to the police. Benyowsky, separated from the Major, was conducted to the fortress aud locked up in a solitary celL The place might have been a dungeon in the Tower of Famine. For three days not a soul came near him. He had neither bread rior water. When at the close of the third day a gaoler entered with a pitcher and a crust, he found a gaunt-eyed spectre, weaker than a child TRA?sPORTED TO SIBERIA. The ghost was dragged before the council, questioned, and again remanded to his cell Buthisfate was sealed. Ten days latter, in the dead of night, an officer with seven soldiers opened the cell door, clothed him in a dress of sheepskins, loaded him: again with chains, and led him forth. Outside the fort a two-horsed sledge was wait ing. Benyowsky was placed upon it, a soldier took the seat beside him, and the horses instantly flew forward into the darkness of the night. By the tinkling noise of sledge-bells on the road behind him, the Count judged that he was not alone; and when day dawned he discovered that the train contained sixteen sledges, which were carrying six prisoners, under a guard of Cossacks, across the vast Siberian regions of eternal ice to life-long exile in Kamchatka At last, in spite of every misadven ture, they arrived at Okotsk on the coast, whence they were to cross by ship to the Peninsula of Kamchatka. They embarked' the ship weighed anchor; but scarcely was she out of sight of land when the captain and the officers broached a brandy'cask, and speedily were all as drunk as pipers. The mate was in the hold in irons; and in this position of affairs a storm sprang up, which raged with increasing fury every hour. The crew were helpless; no officer was capable of giving orders. In the middle of the night the main mast sprung. The captain, roused by the uproar, came tumbling up the hatch way from his drunken sleep, was struck by the falling wreck of spars, knocked down the steps,. and broke his arm. The shock aroused him to a sense bf danger; and finding that the Count could navigate the ship, he gave him charge of her and went below. All that night Benyowsky kept the ship before the wind. Next morning the gale slackened. .A stay was stietched from the mast's stump to the bowsprit; a forsail was rigged up; and Benyow sky, finding the ship manageable, began to think of attempting to escape. He first endeavoured, but in vain, to gain the crew. Then he placed a lump of iron on the binnacle, which falsified the compass, insomuch that the ship appeared to sail due east, when in reality she was sailing south. How this device might have succeeded is not known ; for uinluckily a gale of wind sprang up from the south-west, which drove the ship direcly to Kamchatka, and into the harbour of the River Bol~ha. . The 'prisoneres were disembarked, and taken up the river in a boat to the town .of Bolsoretskoy Ostrogg. Ben yowsky was quartered in the hut of L OCrustiew-a person on much in flience' among the exiles. That even ing, as they sat before the fire, with brandy, tea, and caviare beside them, Benyowsky began to sound his new companion on the chances of escape. To attempt to cross the awful wilder ness through which they had come, thither was quite hopeless. But Crustiew believed that it might be possible to seize a ship and to escape by sea. Benyowsky listened; and from that moment the design was never absent from his mind. ROMANTIC INSTANCES. Next day the governor, whose name was Nilow, sent for Benyowsky to the fort. An agreeable surprise awaited him. Nilow, hearing that the Count spoke several languages, desired to ap point him tutor to his family, which consisted of three daughters and a son; Benyowsky being still to occupy his cabinin the exile village, but to be ex empted from the duties of his comrades, and to receive the pay and rations of a soldier. The Count accepted the proposal with great willingness. But thescheme had a result which neither he nor Nilow had foreseen. Next day he met his pupils, gave them their first lesson, and afterwards amused them with an account of his adventures. The young est girl, Aphanasia, a lovely damsel of sixteen, listened as Desdemona listened to Othella, and with like result. Ap hanasia fell in love with Benyowsky. Nilow, a drunken, brutal despot, had betrothed hisdaughter to a richKuzina, as drunken and as brutal as himself. Benyowsky heard thisstory. He could not marry her himself; but he deter mined, if it were possible, to rescue her from the Kuzina, whom she detested heart and soul. A captain of the name of Csurin was in harbour with his ship, with which he was engaged to sail to Okotsk. Csurin had fallen in with a damsel of Kamchatka, whom he desired to carry off;bnt he dust not sail to Okotsk, where a process was abroad against him on a charge of having mutinied two years before. In this predicament Benyow sky gained his ear. It was not diffi cult to persuade a desperate man to share the lot of men as desperate as himself. It was agreed to man the ship with Benyowsky's comrades, and to escape, if possible,, together in the darkness of the night. Preparations for the attempt at once began. But before everything was ready an incident occurred which nearly ruined all. Aphanasia heard for the first time of Benyowsky's pro ject of departure. When Aphanasia, drowned in tears, now burst upon him, crying aloud that she was wretched and forsaken, he told her his pre posal for her safety; but he still told her nothing more. Asphanasia, however, was delighted. She vowed, not only to be secret, but to send him a red ribbon, should any sign of danger become apparent in the fort. A few days passed-and the red ribbon came. By whatever means, the governor's suspicious were aroused. He was preparing to arrest the con spirators in a body. The Count instantly made ready; the exiles were assembled, arms in hand, in Benyowsky's cabin. It wasa desperate enterprise; and the hearts of the little band beat high within them as they awaited the beginning of events which were to end in their death or freedom. A THRILLING E?NTERPRISE. The day-the 20th April-was closing into dusk, when a corporal with four grenadiers was reported to be approaching from the town. The corporal came up to the cabin door and called on Benyowsky to attend him to the fortress. The Count thrust his head out of the window and in a plaasant voice invited the corporal to step in and drink a glass of wine before they started. The corporal loved a glass of wine. He entered. Instantly the door was shut, four pistols were presented to his breast, and he was bidden, on his life, to summon his soldiers one by one into the hut. As they entered they were seized and bound; and in three minutes all five men were lying safely in the cellar. Four hours passed; it was 9 o'clock, and almost dark, when a strong body of soldiery, armed with a cannon, was announced to be approaching. A single cannon-shot would have safficed to blow the hut and all within it into atoms Benyowsky called upon his comrades. Filled with the fire of men whose lives weie in their hands, they rushed forth uponthefoe. The soldiers, panic-stricken at that furious onset, left the.cannon and raced like hares into the neighbouring wood. Dragging the cannon with them, the conspirators stole forward to the fort. The sentinel.seeing in the dusky light a troop approaching with a cannon, imagined that his own companions were returning. He gave the challenge; but Benyowsky, with a pistol in his hand, bade a prisoner return the counter-word. The man obeyed; the sentinel let fall the draw bridge; the exiles rushed across it, blew down the gating with a petard, and rushed into the fort. Then the fight was fierceand brief Nilow, refusing to accept his life, was in the act of firing his pistol at Ben yowsky, when he was struck down. The guards, of whom twelve only had been left within, were killed or taken. And the fort was in the hands of the exiles. SBythis time all the town was rising \--atleast three hunidel Oossacks were in- arms, and soon a storming party, with Kolassow at its head, appeared before the gate. But the ramparts were alive with fiery eyes, the bridge was up, the castle guns were roaring. Kolassow was compelled to change his tacties; ha drew off beyond the reach of shot, to the heights which overlooked the castle, and prepared to starve them out. But the Count was ready with a counter scheme. No sooner was Kolassow gone than he sent a band of men into the streets to gather, the women and children together in the church. Nearly a thousand were soon mustered and locked in. Chairs, tables, railings, doors were broken up and piled at the four corners of the building. Three women and twelve girls were then despatched as envoys to Kolassow, announcing that unless the Cossacks instantly laid down their arms, the building would be set in flames and every soul within it perish. Benyowsky had relied on the bare threat to prove effectual; but time passed and still Kolassow gave no sign. Benyowsky bade a pile be handled. In an instant, as the flames shot up, the heights became alive with handker chiefs and white fluttering flags of trace.- Some fifty Cossacks fiery-not with haste, came racing in advance, crying aloud that all the troops were following, and had laid dqwn their arms. The aspect of the flanies--ine idle menace as it was-had wrought like magic. The Count received into the fort as hostages fifty-two of the chief townsmen, and ordered the church doors to be thrown open. And now the Count was lord, not only of the castle, but of the town itself. He was able to complete at ease his preparation for the voyage. It was the 11th May, 1771, when the exiles, ninty- six in all, embarked on board the St. Peter and St.Paul. Every other ship in the harbour, which might be used in pursuit, was set on fire. The hostages were sent ashore, the flag of Poland ran up to the peak; and a salute of twenty cannon, thunder ing from the portholes, proclaimed that the. bold slaves had gained their free dom. After an adventurousvoyage the-ship sailed safely into the harbour of MeIse, The escape was finally accomplished; the voyage was at an end. But Ap hanasia, the angle of his deliverance, his adopted daughter, was seized with a swift fever, sank, and died- With this grief upon his spirit, Benyowsky sailed for France. He landed, waited on the Duc d'Aiguillon, and was at once invited to enter the French service. The Count accepted the proposial,.and off an equerry to bring his wife from Zips. She came with all the sped that could be acquired; and what that meeting was must be imagined. The Due d'Aiguillan, at the King's desire, proposed that Benyowsky should proceed to Madagascar, with the design of planting on the island a French set tlement. No proposal could have bet ter suited his adventurous spirit. A ship was fitted out; 300 men were sent on board, and on the 22nd of March 1773, the Count, together with his wife, set sail from Europe. It was the last and strangest venture of his lhfe. BECOMES A KING OP SAVAGES. He landed at Louisburg, in Anti maroa. And here his calamities at once began. For several months the struggle was kept up with heroic resolution. But disasters thickened ; the natives could be kept at bay no longer; the complete destruction of the settlers seemed to be at hand, when an event, unexcelled in its strangeness among all the vision romance, in an instant changed the scene as by enchantment. Benyowsky had brought over from the isle of France an old half-crazy ne gress called Susanne, who had been sold in child-hood to the-French. Among Susanna's fellow-captives :had been the daughter of the Ampansacahe, the Supreme King of Madagascar, Ramini Laizen. The race of Ramini were both seers and Kings. They traced their proud descent from the kinsman of Mahomet, the Great Prophet; and their power over their subject was al most that of gods. Since thedeathof Lorizen, sixty-six years before, their had been no heir to take the rank and office. His daughter, indeed, had dur ing her captivity had borne a son; but the boy had become lost to sight, and the great and sacred name, at which fifty thousand dusky worshippers had once hushed their breath, now seemed to have become extinct for ever. But now their came a marvel The last heir was re-discovered. By certain marks which could not be mistaken, Susanna, who had lived in seldom with his mother, had recoognised his person. A vision from on high im pelled her to proclaim the tidings. Raving like a prophetess in frenzy, she began to cry aloud a word which made the ears that heard of it to tingle. The lost heir was Benyowaky! The strange hallucination spread like wildfire. The tribe of the Sambarives, to which the Ramini be longed, rose up in tumult. One of their chiefs, Ciewi by name, was in stantly despatched, attended by 200 tribesmen, to invite the Count to take possession of his ancestral throne, and Blenyowsky, at the very moment of despair, saw himself hailed king of 50,000 savage warriors, everyman of whom regarded him with an awe and reverence far stronger than the love of life. He instantly accepted the position. The French had, in his eyes, betrayed and wronged him. He sent in his resignation to the service, took off his uniform, and put on the skins and feathers of a savage king. LAST SCENE OF ALL. A scheme of great and wide bene ficence arose before him. He resolved tocivilise his natin;t to found, in his own right, a trade with Europe; to bring into the island farmers, carpen ters, and blacksmiths, who should teach his people how to build and plough. With these objects, he re solved himself to visit Europe. The empire was committed to a council of the chiefs; a brig, the Belle Arthur, was obtained and fitted for the voy rage;and admist the tears and cries of the.vast dusky throngs who followeda Iwith?,their: eyes, his; fading sails, i he i.:Pit once more to sea. . : . . ? The ship reaclhed Eirope safely. i But the Counit could find no State pre pared to aid ::him, at the risk of war :: with France. ? Re then resolved toltry America; and at Baltimore he made a'rrangements with a firm of merchants, who supplied him with a vessel, the Interpid, of 450 tons and thirty guns, .in which, with -a rich cargo, he- spread his sails for Madagascar. His wife, who was in weakly hekly health, he was compelled to leave at Baltimore. she never saw his face. again. 'Instantly on his arrival in his king dom, he declared hostilities against the French, At the head of his black warriors, he first seized-their 'store -house at Aiigontei: He then'set loff, attended only by a hundred meni to storm their factory at Foul Point. -, But the French had there a ship with sixty troopers, of which he' hadire "ceived no warning. On the morning of the 23rd' of May,' 1786, they landed \- and attacked him. The Count had barely time to throw up a redoubt, defended by two guns, when.the enemy was upon him. The affair was over in a moment. He who had escaped alive out of so many perils had now reached his last. As the French rpshed forward, firing in a volley, a -musket- ball struck Benyow sky in the breast. He instantly sank back behind the ramparts. His black troops, seeing their king fall, fled panic stricken; and the French "soldiers, bursting over the redoubt, seized his dead body by the hair, and dragged it forth into the open ground. A VisIoNs AND A WAnNU?L OF DExAT.-A curious incident, of recent date, idas related to the writer a day or two since by a friend to whom most of those concerned are personally known. A young lady, sister of Mr. A., an artist of some repute, whose family live at Toronto, came down to breakfast one morning recently and related a singular vision, which had impressed itself more vividly on her mind as she was accustomed to per fectly' dreamless slumber. She had "awoke at about seven, and finding by her watch that it was not yet time to rise, had dozed off, waking again very .shortly after, and in the interval dreaming this dream. She saw running down the main street of Toronto, as if much agitated and in a great hurry, her friend, Miss M. C., a young lady of about her own age, and subsequently her sister-in-law. Her friend was dressed in what appeared to be a wed ding or ball attire, and had orange blossoms in her hair and on her dress. A waterproof cloak was over her head and shoulders, apparently donned in haste for want of a handier covering. Miss M. C. proceeded with great rapidity down the streetuntil, reaching the tram terminus, in her hurry she slipped and fell .into the mud; and rising again she disappeared from her friend's sight amongst a number of people who were entering a car. This :was the dream; and later on the A. family were informed that Mr. J., stepfather of Miss M.L ., had met with sudden death just before four o'clock that 'morning through falling out of a window at an hotel where he was staying some miles from Toronto, hlie being a commercial traveller, and that ::his step-daughter, Miss A.'s friend, -who hliad been to a ball, on arriving home late, found a telegram awaiting her, had hurried off to take train to the scene of the accident at the same hour, and habited precisely as seen in the 'dream. Now comes the second part of the story. A few miles from the town where Mr. J. met with his terrible death was a lonely farm kept by a woman with her son :and daughter, .who were on: friendly-terms with the traveller, and knew of his stopping at the hotel. The daughter was dressing : at a very early hour in order to get her Sbrbther's breakfast ready, he being in Sthe stable close by, when a loud triple knock was heard at the front door. 'The girl' promptly jumped into bed again, and excused herself to her .mother, who was lying in another room, : for not answering the summons, as she was- not dressed. "Then," said the farm-wife, -the loud knocking being here repeated, "I will go myself," whereupon she wrapped herself in a cloak and went down to the door. The farmhouse clock struck four as she went, andjnst as her fingers were on the handle of the door the three knocks weregiven-for a third time,with such emphasis as to startle her and elicit the remark, '"Dear me, they're in a great Shurry, to be sure." But when a Smoment later the door was opened no \- onewas'to be seen. Athorough search was made over the farm premises with :out. discovery,' arind the son visited a rieighbouring farm, it being thought that- somebody might be ill there,: but found' all jasleep. At breakfast the , mother said that shehad been thinking \- of Mr. J. all the morning, and could 'not get it out of her head that some harm had befallen him. The feeling -:became so strong that, against the wishes of the others, she had the : horse harnessed and drove to the town, and on reaching the 'hotel, found :: thereMiss Mi. C.,-who, coming down stairs to greet her, said ', Then you have heard already. How kind, of you 'to come in my tronble i " One of our young athletes was expatiating Sto a young lady friend, whom hlehad honored :'by'a call; on his ability as a walker, and was Stold by the. sweet girl that she would dearly love to see him walk. "Have you any of Dr. Tickler's patient cough syrup?": inquired a gentlema elofi- a druggist. '"qo, sir;bhuat I hiave some of my own imake, which is asgood, if not better. Can I give you a bottle !' " . KTo, I thank youa; I am Dr. Ticklei." Mrs Brown-" Now, just look at those :flannels I If anything-will shrink:more from washing I'd.like to know what it is." Mr .Brown-- A boy will, my dear." .A aman feels complimented if you tell him She has a heart of oakh, but if youn darry: the imnisid atillfrijther, and tellhim that he has a Wooden headealso;, he is apt to feel that ;ybou are pushing .the joke a little too far. . 