THE WEEK. Tho Premier and his colleagues wero accorded a more noisy . reeoption at Ballarat than they may have expeoted, but if Ministers were wisely, ndvised they would leave the Isaacs opisode alone, and aonfino thoir claims to publio consideration on their desire to grapple with tho pressing difficulties of the present situation, "Whether Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was right or Mr. Isaacs was right or both were in tho wrong is a uimwwui ituiuu van uuvr ue aaiuiy aou uttiuo, uuu the issne of the . Mercantile Bank prosecutions bo left to the determination - of the law courts. There is enough mid more than enough - to . occupy all the ability and onergy which Ministers can bring to tho task in the endeavor to restore tho colony to the paths of progress and prosperity, from wlrioh it has wandered under false and misleading guidance. Tho problem of . the finances is one that will earliest call for . settlement. The Premier has confirmed the expectation that the. necessity for new taxation cannot ' ba avoided. The hopes with which tho Cabinet entered office— that this contingency might be avoided by a vigorous system of retrenchment— have been rudely dissipated , by the unforeseen series of financial avalanches, which have disturbed trade to suoh an extent that the retrograde tondenoy of .tho revonuo.lras heon acoelerated rather than stayed. What form , this now taxa tion will take is retained a secrot, even if the Treasurer has as yet oomo to any definite con ception on the point. .Retrenchment and taxa tion, however, are not to be the only means whereby the colony is to be lifted ont of the slough of despond and plaoed firmly again upon solid ground. Much will. bo. expeoted from the Minister of Lands, who has a noble opportunity before him of establishing his fame as a vigorous administrator, oapableof infusing llfeandaotivity into the departmental inertia. What isessontial under existing conditions is that the settlement of the people on the soil shall be. encouraged in evory possiblo manner. The projects, for village settlements, and for labor colonies, may bo in definitely reproduced, but these experiments, will havo to be carefully watohod In order to avoid tho difficulties whiob, unless' provided against, may tend to failure. The productive resources of the counrty must be developed, and if this end bo steadily kept in view it will not he long before the present cloud of depression will pass away. With a fcrtilo territory and a population active and energetio, Victoria will readily overcome the troubles which, for the time, appear toi impede her onward prog roes.. The two lines opened in the mallee afford an admirable example of the advantages to be derived from oheap. railway construction. Tor an expenditure of about £2400 a inile the settlers in the distrlots accommodated by the Donald to Birchip and the Warracknabeal to Beulah rail ways have obtained the facilities of transit which in other portions of. the colony not pre senting more serious engineering difficulties havo cost- two. and threo times the amount. ThoseresultB. have been obtained by abandoning the old prooesses of extravagant construction and of adhering to the Amerioan prinoiple of suiting the line to the presont, and not to tho future, needs of the oommunity. For very long the Railway department Bteadily set its face Bgaiust. any innovation of this kind founded on the obvious suggestion of common sense, and preferred to: build railways with all the appli ances and appurtenanoos requisite for a population, of. ton times tho number. To> Mr.' Wheeler, the late Minister of Railways, is due the oredit.of Insisting on the new departure. Built on the butty gang system, 'which for works of this kind not involving a large outlay on contracting plant, is found to be. better both for the Stato and for the men employed; these lines can be presented as really models of 'cheapness., The Birchip line is 32 miles in length, and has been built along a three chain road to avoid any unnecessary purchasing of freehold laud. Tho 60 lb. steel rails used are B.n.ll.nnd, but having been straightened aro praatieally as good as new- In tho old times they would havo been set aside as useless or relegated to the; scrap heap.' There are no politioal stations on the line, nor expensive platforms and railway yards. ; Portable housos form the station buildings, the platforms are'of earth and -ravelled, but without facing, and atand about 6 luohes above tho rail level. Although: there is no show, and the lino may Appear unfinished tooyea accustomed to the formerdepartmenlalatandard, the Engineer . of. Existing Lines is. able to report that tho whole of the work has , been well done, and may be trusted. to meet the 'requirements domanded from it. The same may bo said of tho Beulah lino, whioh is almost an exact coun terpart of the other. These railways, economi cally constructed though tlioy be, supply ..the farmer with the communication with the market essential for the profitable disposal of his pro- duoe just as well as if they had cost two or three .times as much. But;- besides this, there is the great advantage to the State that with a smaller capital expenditure the traffic can be rendored. remunerative,, while tho 1 money avail able for railway extension can be made to go very muoh further. This is an ...especially im portant point at a time when there is small likelihood of obtaining borrowed money , "in-, tho samo easy accessible, manner which formerly prevailed. . After the information whioh has been elioited by investigation, the existence of the sweating system oan no longer be: denied. This evil is the logical outcomo of the dootrine sought to be elevated into an unyielding economic principlo, that the rate of wages is. to bo regulated, not by the value of the labor given but by the pressure of competition,. Aotirig under this law, the sweater grinds the faoes of the poor, and trading on tho necessities .of/their situation, forces them to noccpt rates on whioh. it becomes almost im possible to kcop body and soul together. Pitiful examples have been' brought to light of the manner in which this heartless system is pressed to its uttermost conoluaion. Only tho othor day, in Adelaide, ah unfortunate woman was brought before the police court oh a charge of pawning shifts she was making under contract. All that she received in payment for her work was 2s. 6d. a dozon for' boys' and 4s. a dozen for men's shirts, a rata whioh foturned about Is. fid. for 16 hours' unceasing labor. The; voluntary committee appointed by tho publio meeting held in Wesley Church havo been horrified by the magnitude, of the evil in our own city. ! They have discovered women and girls doing tailoring work under miserable sanitary conditions, at prices as low as one half paid for the same work done in the factory where sewing machines and motive power are supplied. Out of the sweated labor of poor struggling women and helpless girls tho professional middleman makes his unholy profit. Nor is this disgraceful oonditiou of thipgs con fined solely to one branoh' of trade. Through' tho operations of the subletting Bystem labor is. often deprived of its legitimate' roturn for the purpose of squeezing oiib another profit for the interloper. Several years have, elapsed since at tention was first called to the necessity of afford ing some .measure "of protection to those who were unable to guard themsolves against the overwhelming influences of unrestrained compe tition. The amendment of the Factories Act was intended to seoure a more effieiont super vision, but it has been made plainly apparent that the efforts then made have not been suffi cient to accomplish their purpose. While work is given out from factories the opportunity is afforded to the sweater to intervene, and it is beooming ovident that if sweating is to be killed this praotice is one -which must be carried out undermorestringentiimitation. Suggestions have been made that overy place whore two or moro persons work shall be constituted a factory; that work shall be givon out under permit only, and that the same price be paid for outside work as for that done in tho faotory, plus cost of ma'ohtne motive power and findings. There is ; really no reason why supervision should not be exorolscd' under all'cireamstances where work is given out from a faotory. Suoh a ahange is eminently desirable, if only from sanitary reasons, and it would also have a restraining- effect on the tendencies wbicii enfoyofstilrvatioh wages on a. large number of-' helpless" 'indi viduals. :. / „ /' ... — i ' i ' »; ,i ' r: Tlie issue raised by Mr. Hcnmker"'Heatbn on the excessive oost'of -'cablo eommunicafioft pqs Besses an immediate interest to "'Australia Even with the reductions bought by a heavy subsidy tho present rates are practically prohi bitive for -privnte;pnrposos. Commercial firms oannot afford to negleot the opportunities sup plied by the telegraphic service, and the news papers, in the exercise of their functions as wires very largoly. But otherwise the cable is too expensive for general use. Ycry different would bo tho result if the rates could bo brought down to a point whioh would bring tlie advan tages of cable communication within ordinary roach. Experience is almost uniformly favor able to alterations in this direotion. Even under the present tariff the telegraphio business between Eugland and Australia lias shown a wonderful improvement since the lowor charges have been . in operation, and with further concessions wo may reasonably ' as sume that : not : only would the number of messages inorease, but that their longtli would be doubled or troblod. The cables are capable of transmitting a much larger business than is now undertaken, and an inorenso of five or ten times its present volume could be Bncoessfully managed without any material addition to the working expenses. While, howovor, the service remains n mono poly, a limited business at high rates is likely to he proferrcd to an extensive traffic at lower prices. Mr. Heaton has been quiok to see this obstacle; and tho remedy he proposes is that tho oablo service shall bo taken over by tho Stato. There is muoh to- reoommond a proposition of this kind to favorable consideration. The clectrio girdles connecting tlie Empire together ought not toromain in private hands, and in tho oventof war it is move than probable that a forcible solution of this difficulty might become nooessary. But eveufrom n peace point of view strong reasons may be adduced why a monopoly of this kind ought not to continue. If a oablo wero owned by the State, Mr. Heaton calculates that profitable results might be obtained; from a oharge of Is. per word,- as under suoh a tariff tho business would be multiplied twonty fold. Mr. Heaton's idea seems to be that the existing lines Bhould be purchased,: but this conseqnenoo does not necessarily follow. ' There would be strong ob jection to tho purchase of - any line which traversed foroign territory, where communica tion might be interrupted at the most oritioal time; No suoh question would nrlso in the oase of tho projeoted Faoifio. cable, which would allow tho oliain of communication betwoon Aus tralia and England to be completed withoutovcr touching foroign soil. This matter is one wbiolt onght to engage the attention of, Great Britain aBwell as of Australia and. the Dominion of Canada. . With unity of purpaso the desire of Mr. Heaton might very soon be converted into an accomplished fact. Tho morc.the sohomo is.examinod the more ohimerioal and Utopian' does tho; New . Aus tralia" movomont appear. There is something pariwloxioal at the . very outset' in a. body of British subjects deserting a land like Australia, where there Is ample scope for their onorgies, and where they ban enjoy ' the; protection of British laws,; for a' plaae 'where Country, climate; and' associations .will be all entirely strange. Opinions1 from persons acquainted with the site of the proposed settlement are uniformly antagonistic. The Sydney Norn- iwj Herald publishes an account of an interviow with Mr. John Paxton, who resided in Paraguay for seven yoars, and who is described as tho- roughly conversant with the natnfo of the country. His oxperionce is strongly opposed to the idea that a settlement of the kind proposed can possess any chance of permanent sucoess. Not only is the climate unadopted for those accustomod to temperato climes, being similar to that of Northern Queensland, and too hot for laborious wovkj but the situation of the seleoted sito is condemned as unsuitable for agricultural purposes. This objection is not raised on account of any want of fertility in tho sail, but is based on. the insuperable difficulties of transit which will prevent tlie produce raised being converted into money at a profit. Paraguay's only.means of .communication, with the outside world is by the Parana Rivor, and the carriage of prpduao Hundreds; of miles down a river of uncertain navigation would entail a cost which would prevent the hope of competi tion with more favored places. The products of Parasuav are nriholuallv tropical or sub- tropical; According to another' account whoat will-not grow there, noither" will cattle or sheep thrive, and oven maize once oxported in largo quantities, caiinot'bo growiiat a profit atprcscnt prices. - Argentina, which dominates its inland neighbor, imposo's heavy duties on 'nearly evory ,-ifticlo whioh Paraguay ban produce. ' Mr, Pax- ton throws somo doubt on tho validity of any grant which tho Paraguay Government may be considered to have made and warns the intending emigrants to look out for trouble iu this direotion. Law courts aro not conducted on tho English basis, and any dispute is liable to be settled on the prinoiple that might, not right, shall rule. Strong, healthy men acoustomod to laborious work in an excessively hot country may be able to succeed and will be able to take care of themselves, but the condition of the women transferred to a country whore the manners and customs are altogether different from those which have become second nature to them, and where murder is considered as a venial offence, will be pitiable in the extreme. The editor of the Review of the River Plate is equally emphatic in his warnings against any large body of British emigrants abandoning Australia " for a country where justice is a myth, extortion the rule and where there oxists no pretcocion whatsoever for life or property." Even at tho eleventh hour the promoters of tho Now Australia movement will be wise to take hood in time and to devote their energy and enthusiasm, to testing thetr.prinoiples under conditions moro favorable to sucoess. 1 ' "No pplnt of difference in the administration of Jho) criminal law in England and in Franco Is (nose striding than the distinction maintained in the examination of prisoners. The essenoo of the Frepsh system is to extract the truth under jmy-ebndlfions," and for this purpose the aooused is subjeoted to the most soarching and rigid methods of investigation. He is keenly ques tioned by a magistrate experienced in the task of eliciting confession, and his answers, if they involve him in inconsistencies or falsehood, are turned against himself. An innoceiit man may An.1 I A fmnw/l 4>a mabw Mimiinli " utinll Afl ftnlflftl nnsoathod," while tho guilty aro seldom ablo to avoid some damaging admission which helps to clincli the case against' them. Under the British law the principle of fairness to tlie ncoused over rides tlie clement of justico to the oommunity. Better that ten guilty men shall escape than that one innocent man Bliall wrongly suffer is a maxim on which wo are all agreed. Yet there is oftentimes a disposition to oarry this view too far and quite beyond the limits whioh the precedents of legal authorities have determined. In the re cent oase iu Sydnoy an attempt was made to upset the verdlot of marder against Aroher on the ground that incriminating admissions wore improperly elioited from tho prisoner. The deteatives put certain questions to Aroher after his arrest, and his answers wore allowed as evidence against him. Counsel for the prisoner in arguing the appeal asserted that this deoision was opposed to the wbolo current of authority in the aourts of England. Ho maintained that tho prinoiple was ingrained in the policy of British-law that no man was bound to oriminato himself. Tho court, however, was altogether opposod to this representation. The law plaoed no embargo on purely voluntary statements where neither threats nor 1 inducements wero held out to obtain confession. Numorous deci sions might bo quoted wheroin the rule was laid down " that a free and voluntary confession made by a plorson ncoused of an offence is re ceivable in evidonoe against him whether suoh eonfesston be made at the moment he is appre hended or while those who have him in custody are conducting him to the magistrate, or even after he has entered tlie hoUBO of the magistrate for tho purpose of undergoing his examination." All 'that'll debarred is the holding out either hope or threat; and on this point each judge has'tb determine in the particular case before him. It lias bocn seen that consideration for the acouscd in this respect has' often times been Carried beybnd air reason. On ono oocaslon Baron Parke declared "I confess thatlonnnot' look at the deoliions without some ahamo when' I oonsider what objections havo provailed ti- provent tho reception of confessions as evidenoe, and I agree that the rule has been extended quite, too far, and that justico and common sense have too frequently been sacrificed at the shrine of mercy." . 9ir Alfred Stephen, the late Chief Justice of New Sonth Wales, has pointed Cut that justice would often ba defeated and' many criminal trials would become myatifioa-: tlons if evidence like this wore rejected. , The Downer Ministry in South Australia was certainly treated with, very scant, consideration in' boing summarily !ejebt'od, from offic'o without, oven the formaiity'bf .trial., There was a. brutal frankness about the prooedure of .the Opposition , which is scarcely calculated to promote the politioal harmony necessary at a timo when the finanoial Condition of the country will. require tho cooperation of the .best, minds. " Wo have the numbers," said Sir. Kingston .in effect, "and so you had better dear out without, moro ado." Now, nobody likes- to be'kioked down stairs, particularly in the presence of a whole oommunity, and Sir John Downer, though he! bore himself with .dignity on a trying ocoasion, is not' the man readily to forget the affront. The oxouse offered that this course was, taken to. avoid a wasto , of time and an acrimonious debate, coming from a member of such vituperative power, is,, as Mr. Gillies would say, altogether. too tkiii," ." .'Courtesy is seldom responsible for valuablo time being frittered away, while tho irritation: aroused by overbearing action is sure to lead to retaliation. Sir John Downer and his col-, .engues will bide their time ; but tlioy will not cease to remomber the indignity. June seems to be a fatal month for" Oabinots in South Aus tralia. An interesting list is given by one of tlie Adelnido journals reoording the Ministries which have given up the ghost in that month. In 1875 Sir Arthur Blyth was called upon to retire, and in the following yoar his successbr, Mr. Bouoaut, had to undorgo a' similar ordeal. In 1881 tlie Morgan Ministry was dismissed, and in roosbirjoun rsray niso proveuuune to do tatai to liis pretensions. Sir John Cotton in the fol lowing year found it impossible to get over this month. Sir John Downer's first Government was turned out of offico on 11th Juno, 1887; Mr. Playford's earliest Cabinet was ovushed on 27th June, 1889; and Mr. Playford's second Cabinet made way for Mr. Holder and big friends on 21st June, 1892. We suppose that the common sense explanation of this scries of coinoidences is that tlie South Australian Legis lature usually meets at this period in the year, and that following an almost invariable custom the battle of the. ins and outs is fought as a preliminary to any work of legislation. Mr. Kingston has expcricnocd .no difficulty in sur rounding himself with colleagues most of whom have had n more or less extensive acquaintance with office. Tho now Ministry is unique in iualuding within its ranks no less than three men who havo been at the head of affairs. Mr. Playford, who refused the leadership, content ing himself with tho more onerous post of Trea surer, hns twice held tho position of Premier, and does not sigh for a renewal of the responsibility. Mr. Holder enjoyed a short oocupanoy of the position a year or so ago, and Dr. Coakburn also gave his name to a Ministry for a brief period. Whether tho presence of so maiiy Kings of Brentford will be conducive to the longevity of th. Kingston Administration may bo open to surmiso. Mr. Kingston is threatened in another munncr also, as his old antagonist, Mr. R. C. Baker, whom he tried to foice into a' duel, is anxious to renew tho conflict in the'law courts. Mr. Kingston may have tlie opportunity of out doing Sir Bryan O Loglilen by entoring a nolle prosequi against himself. . In its dealing with the organisation and arrangements of labor, New Zealand furnishos another example for imitation. The Labor; Bureau in Victoria perished from over centra lisation ; in New Zealand this danger seems to have been happily avoided. A very favorable report has recently been given of a 12 months working of the Bureau of Industries, tho title under whioh this now departure in tho functions of the State has been established. Its, initiation was due to the fcclingofalarmcauscd by the exodus of large numbers of the work ing population to Australia when the cessation of publio worksinNew Zealand caused a serious con gestion in the labor market, The Government felt it inoumbent upon thorn in the interests of tlie country to check this undesirable drain if it were possible todu.so and caino to the con clusion that the first stop was to ascertain the actual state of labor throughout tho colony. For this purpose the bureau was started whosi main object is to observe the movements ol labor and to endeavor -to equalise itc distribution in proportion to tlie demand ascer tained to exist in the various towns and districts. The methods by whioh those . ends are accomplished diffor from tho system of central registration whioh was carried out by the Mel bourne bureau, and which had the unwished for, bat natural, consequence of - concentrating labor in the place where it was least wanted. In New Zonland industrial districts are found all over the colony, the names of tho unem ployed in eaoh 'distriot are registered and work is found for them in tho locality if this can be done. The duty of collecting tlie information iu thrown upon the police, both from motives of eoonomy and because the local constable is regarded as being most likely to be thoroughly acquainted with the real needs of his district. -On tho last day of every month a schedulo stating the number and namos of those registered and what action has been taken to meet the cases is forwarded to the head offioo, and from these monthly reports may be gathered a pretty dear oonooption of tho condi tion of - labor requirements throughout tho colony. : Somothing more, however,- is dono than mere registration. Aotivo assistance it afforded, and the men aro aided to obtain em ployment wherever'the opportunity may present itself. In order to "disoonrago anything up- I preaching 'pauperisation all advances are ex pected to be repaid; anil Orders on tho employers | against future wages are signod' by tho men re- cciving the aid. This method has boon found to work admirably in removing the congestion of labor. Through tho operations of tho bureau, whioh has now established 96 agenoieB in tho South Island and 93 in tho North Island, nearly 3000 men liavebocn found employment during tno cwoive moncus. unuer mo samo arrange, ment : tho butty gang system of oonstruoting railways and other publio works has been tried with good results. Wo havo ovldcntly some thing to learn from New Zoaland in this direo- tioD. Queenslaud is the only colony whioh possesses the privilege of a Daily Hansard, and it has begun to discover that the luxury is worth neithor the oast nor the trouble of its produc tion. ' Experience has proved incontcstably that the public does not hunger for . Parliamentary loquacity, and will not havo it thrust down its throats, even when tho meal is offered "free, gratis, for nothing." It oannot be said that the. experiment has not boen given an ample test, for the daily' issuo has lastod more than 16 years at an expenditure of monoy whioh would represent a very welcome addition to thoTreasury finances under present conditions. Yet with all tho advantages of free postage tho eiroulatibn remains ridiculously small. The unfortunate taxpayer, though be can be made to pay, reso lutely declines to be mado to suffer also. Liko the recalcitrant negro servant be protests against tho doublo punishmont of "floggce" and preaohee." The cost of Hansard is estimated at the very lowost to bo £10,000 a yoar, not taking into account such adventitious benefits as free carriage. An ordinary newspapor pays Od. per oopy for postage, but the Parliamentary organ is distributed without charge. Tho returns from sales are almost infinitesimal ; indeed as a State investment Hansard is even worse tlmn n cookspur railway. From the tax payer's point of view there can be no second opinion that a daily Hansard is a costly excres cence witii no utility sufficient to justify tho absorption of so largo an amount of publio money. Like many other oxtravngancies of tho State it might bo out away, and its absence never would be missed. Even to tho legislator who likes to see his eloquence embalmed in print, the value of a record of this kind is greatly overestimated. - The speaker who can interest tho public may always be Bure of having his utterances reported.' It is only the mediocrity who regards Hansard as his sole soonrity against tho bittornoss of negleot. Yet if Hansard docs not ciroulnte the advantage of publicity is still denied, unless some nefarious methods arc adopted of procuring nn illegitimate circulation. It is affirmed that American praotices are not altogether unknown, in Queensland. When members found that all they said was reported in full, somo seized upon tho opportunity of doing their cloctioiioring on the aheap, and, "speaking to Buncombe," ordorcd with an easy extravagance a few hundred or thousand copies of the special to be distributed among their constituents, oftcu for- gotting to pay the Government Printer the small charge demanded for this production of Parliamentary literature. Now retrenchment is in the air, the daily Hansard may fall under tbe pruning knife of the Queensland Treasurer. Among tbe varying and perplexing aspects of the drink question one of the moBt difficult to solve is the treatment of those who giro way to excess until they lose all power of self control. The " habitual drunkard " is undeniably a very hard case. With the dipsomaniac increase of appetite has grown by what it foods upon until lie has become morally incapable of piecing any check upon his own desires. . Without outside assistance his ultimato destination must inevit ably be tho gutter or tho gaol. Attempts havo been made to exorolse tho devil which has taken possession of a human form and to return the sufferer to society oloan and in sound mind. But oxporionco has shown that to accomplish this end groatcr power of restraint is required than the Jaw at present allows. Victorian experiments havo failed to produce satisfactory and permanont results from this cause, and a similar conclusion is also deriv able from English example. For tho past year in Great Britain a departmental com- mittop composed of qualified exports has keen Investigating the question with the view of dis covering tbe best mode of dealing with habitual drunkards, Undor the presont law inebriates may be subjected to short terms of imprison ment if they are charged before a magistrate, or they moy voluntarily enter a retreat if their rela tives or friends arc able to induce tbom to submit to tho discipline enforced insuoh establishments. The voluntary system ie credited with having eifocted a considerable percentage of cares, but in comparison with tho magnitude of the evil the number of persons who havo taken advan tage of tho curative discipline of these retreats is ridiculously small. Among the witnesses ex amined by tbe committee there was an almost unanimous opinion that to render the work of retreats generally bencfioisl tbe voluntary system must be supplemented by n system of aompul- eory commitment and dotention. This view finds endorsement in the report of tho com mittee, tbe members of which unite in recom mending a mora drostio treatment of the habitual druukard. They consider that powor should be given for tho compulsory com mittal of persons ooming within this definition on tbo application of relatlvos or friends or othor persons interested in their wolfnre. It isreaognisod that this powor is one which must be hedged round with safoguards to prevent abuse, and various reaommondations are mado witii the objeet of providing adequate scourity in this direotion. A point, on which the highest medical authorities concur, is that a year's doteution is the minimum time necessary for ouro, and rulos are proposed to allow an ex tension up to two years when required. With regard .to tbe ordinary class of habitual druukards who appear, with unwavoring regu larity before tbo polico oourts, the most ex perienced magistrates uniformly condemn tho roponted infliction of short sentences as entirely useless. This method neither cures nor doters. Blr Andrew Clark, Sir Sloliard Qnain and other eminent medical men aro moat strongly con- vinced that tho short sentonco system is a failure from a curative point of view. What tho committeo proposo is that reformatory insti tutions should bo provided for the reecption and detention of habitual drunkards, whore they might be committed for lengthened periods and be subjeotcd to lass rigorous discipline than in oxisting prisons, but at tho same time required to perform a proscribed labor task. Tbo royal commission, with tbo Duke of Devonshire at its bead, whioh is investigating tbe condition of , labor in England, is not oonfining its snrvoy of tho. problem to matorinla obtain able solely within tbe limitB of the United Kingdom. Tbe sooretary, Mr. Geoffrey Drago, in the most recent of bis reports prepared for tbe information of tbe members of tbe body with which he is assooiated, deals with- the important question of the migration of labor. This is a matter which affeots not only Engtand, but is of vital interest, espeoialiy to those eountries towards whioh tho stream of emigra tion flows. The United States has disoovored that an abundant influx of a now population is a blessing not altogether unalloyed with dis advantage. It has been found that the sooinl effect of unrestricted immigration is quiokly madoapparent in tho statistics of pauperism and poor relief. Aooording to the oenBUS of 1890, tho foreign born inhabitants of tho United States, or their immediate descendants contributed very nearly three-fourths of all tho paupers sup ported in almshouses. The restrictive legis lation enforced of rooont years has tended to im prove tho quality of the emigrants, for paupers, or thoso who aro likely to booome paupers, are now sent back to tho plaeo from whonco they came. On the condition of labor in the colonies Mr. Drago also furnishes muoh eon- donsed information. In Oanndn it is noted tlmt during tho last 15 or 16 years tkore basbeona very decided improvement in the oiroum- stanoes of tbo working classes. Tbo oost of living has diminished, although, on tbo other hand, rents have risen in tbe larger cities from 20 to 25 per cent. In Toronto, house rent ab sorbs rather more than one-fourth of tho work ing man's income, in Montreal one-fourth, iu Quebeo City one-fifth, in St. John's, N.B., about one-fiftb, and in Halifax, N.S., one- fourth. On tho whole the oost of living is Bnid to be greater than In England, but less than in the United States. Wages vary- in different . parts of the Dominion, but soma quotationsmnybegivenasaffordingauinteresting opportunity for comparison. For iustanco, tram condnotors in Toronto cam 10 dol. for six days' work, tbo day boing one of. Hi hours; Quebec' dookcrs are paid 3 dol. a day ; farm laborers in British Columbia reaelvo from 30 dol. to 40 dol. a month, and board in addition ; eotton spinnors at Hamilton, Ontario, earn 1£ doL daily ; tbe wages of bricklayers reaoli from 24 dol. to 3 dol. a day. It is explained, however, that wages in tho building trade aro high as oomparcd with those paid iu other industries, whioh may be duo to tbe severity of tbe winter season, which must interrupt steady employment in this trade. On the position of labor in Australasia Mr. Drago presonts a view oolorcd unduly with gloomy tints derived from the present depression. Ho acknowledges that there was a time when the condition of tho Australian laborer was far superior to that of his fellow workman in the old country, but thoso halcyon days be appears to think havo gone by for ever. Wo do not think that Australia need foar the oomparison, oven undor existing conditions, and wo are entitled to hope that prosperity lias not vanished entirely beyond our ken. 