THE PEER AND THE WOMAN. BT E. PHILLIPS OPPBNHKIM. CHAPTER XXIII. THE DUEL ON THE CLIFFS. IT-j 16 ARE B0M8 sensations so appalling and EO hideous M their effect that all power of «P«*\ or movement flies before them. I WOULD have cned out ox have burned as fast as roy tottering limbs could bear me towards the little group who were supporting the wounded man, but I could not. I was like A man in the throes of A ghastly nightmare, who sees himself a passive actor in a sickening tragedy, but WHOSE limbs refuse to obey bis impulses. X could do nothing—nothing SAVE watch with fascinated, distended eyes the tableau before me. Afterwards, it seemed strange to me that my brain, already overtaxed, was able to bear the strain with which my senses charged it. I saw Monsieur d'Aubron withdraw his quivering sword from his opponent's body, and WIP^ it with devilish coolness upon the grass. I saw the wounded man's eyes fixed with a dazed, horrible intensity upon the tall, blackrobed woman—ghost I thought her then—at the wicket gate. And finally, I saw her move swiftly forward over the smooth turf, and, bending over him, gaze anxiously into his convulsed face. She would have taken his hand, but ho dragged it away from her with a low moaning cry. Great beads of perspiration were standing out upon his forehead, and his glaring eyes seemed almost as though they must leave his head. But most fearful of all to witness WAS the frantic hoYror with which he shrunk back from the pale, pitying face so close to his. "Marie," he cried. "Oh, my God, spare me this! I am dying I tell you! Ob, let me be ! Away! Away !" He held out bis bands feebly, as though to shut oat the sight of her. With a look of wonder in her calm face she sank on her knees by his side, and whispered softly to him—yet not so softly but that my quickened hearing caught the Bound of her clear tone. "victor, Victor! Dop't you know meIt is not Marie; It IS I, her sister, Ceoile." He looked at her half doubtingly, but in a moment or two he was convinced. "I thought that you were dead," he whispered. " Dead to the world, Viotor! Dead to all former ties. Yet, as you see. in the fiesh, alive. I have come from a seclusion which I had hoped never to have left, to undertake A mournful task." A great relief crept slowly into his face. He drew A long breath and tried to raiee himself a little. At the BIGHT I made another effort to move, and this time I wae successful. I approached, and kneeling down supported him in my aims. " Heaven has sent you both here," he said in a firmer tone. " I am thankful! Stand here by my side and listen. I AM crossing the threshold of death, and I have an awful confession to make." "I hare come to hear it, Victor," she answered. " All is blank mystery to us now. You must clear it up." " God give me strength,he prayed. Then he glanced around, but it was needless. The others had left us, and we four were alone. "My time is short,"he went on, speaking with difficulty in a hoarse broken undertone. " Listen, all of you. Ay, oome close to meat close as you will. Yon will shrink far enough away presently. The people round here, what is it they call ME"; Pious! good ! benevolent! Ah, thehypocrisy of'it. Listen, I am the blackest sinner upou God's earth!" *' decile, you know how I loved your sister. It was the one peat over-mastering passion of my life. For her sake I gave . .up.my. dreams of the Church. To win her love I renounoed without a single regret the calling which before had seemed to me the only means of attaining to earthly happiness. I became her blind slave, a hanger-on, a parasite at her father's house, a sharer, although an unwilling one, in pastimes and scenes which before I had looked upon only with soorn ? And with what did she repay me? With her love! Alas, no. She married me, it is true, but it was a sorry compact. In less than a week my happiness W«B blasted for ever. To you, Cecile, her sister, I say nothing of the early days of our wedded life. I will only say that we were not happy, and before what we called our honeymoon was over I had discovered her secret. She never loved me. Worse than that, she loved some one else. She loved yoar father. Lord Alceston—she h«d always loved him— and she was a woman who knew how to love. She had married me merely because she was homeless and I was rich. I was a cypher only in her eyes—rather hateful to her than otherwise. At the end of the year she told me { that she could live with me no longer, and we j separated. _ j "It broke my heart, but I crept into soli- | tude, and hid my grief from the world. I i seat Marie, our daughter, to a convent school, and I lived here alone, fighting WITH my ; trouble and eeeking to ease it by lightening J the sorrows of others. Year after year passed away, and premature middle age stole upon me before my time. My heavy burden of grief grew no less—still I endured. At regular in- j tervals I heard of your sister, Ceoile. Think \ of me as meanly as you like, Ceoile; I bad her watohed by private agents, and so keenly that her slightest action I knew of. By aocident one day she discovered it, and from thattiire she refused to touch one penny of my money. She kept her word, and from that time she supported herself. "Even then I continued to help her. although indirectly, and unknown to ner, and I continued also to .have her watohed, for I could not bear the thought that she might have to struggle against sickness or want. I heard of her visit to yon, Ceoile, and when she returned to Paris, alas, that visit had suggested a fatal idea to her. She heard from you that the Sari of Alceston believed you dead, and bad married again. Then she planned a wicked thing, for which God knows she paid an awful penalty." Up till now, though death bad set its mark upon his face, his tone and manner had been calm and almost emotionless. But a change was coming. I felt his light frame convulsed with an awful shudder, and his voice grew thick and broken with agitation. The perspiration broke out again upon his cold, damp forehead, and a dark shade stole over his face. We none of us spoke to or interrupted him. W* stood there a listening, fascinated group, waiting for what might oome. " I knew ; I always knew, alas ! that Marie had loved your father, Lord Alceston. When he preferred you, Ceoile, that love changed into another, a lower feeling. How far Lord Alceet-on wae to blame, I cannot tell. But Marie must have believed herself injured, or she would never have nursed her feelings through eo many years and then concentrated them in an ill-fated Bcheme for revenee. She had a bracelet made like yours, Cecile. She took humble lodtrings iu London, and one night she sent him a note telling him >hat his wife Cecile lived, and bidding him go to her at onoe I knew this, for I had followed her to London with tbe one hope of saving her honour and myself from shs-me. I had taken my daughter with me in the last desparing hope that tbe sight of her child, whom ehe had never Been since babyhood, might soften her. Alas ! Alas ! Alas!" Suddenly there was a rush of blood from his mouth, and he fell back ghastly pale, with the agony of death written in hia pallid features and luminous eyes. Almost at the same moment the wioket gate opened, and a doctor and the village priest in bis long robes appeared. Tbe former humed tip, and dropping on his knee made a hasty examination, but he shook his head almost immediately. "Hemorrhage has set in," he pronounced. "Monsieur de Ff"arp«t. I can do nothing for I 'ou. Alas! you have but a few minutes to ive!"' He stood back, and the village priest tock his place. Far away from over the dancing, sparkling sea a breath of fresh morning air owept softly across tbe little plateau, its faint ozone mingled with tbe aromatic perfume of the wild flowers which clambered up the cliff side and grew in brilliant little patches cloFe to the edge. It seemed to revive him. The stream of blood had ceased, and he motioned txi QB to raise him a little. ' 1 God give me strength to finish," he prayed. "Father, stand by my side. You have heard my confession ; you have eeen my agony ! You know all. Come nearer, Lord Alceston. Ir.au only whisper." i, "I~T_ fToht continued.} , "Once," remarks Or. tnman, of Liverpool, "I was an unbeliever in Tea. . . . I tried to do •without it. It was all in vain. At last I took to Tea and all was changed, and now I fully believe that a good dinner, forty winks, and a cup of strong tea afterwards will enable a man to 'get through' no and of work, especially of a mental kind."—From ' 1 Tea and T«ajlrinking." When drinking Tea drink good Tea. Our Pure Blend is sold at Is. 3d., Is. 6d., and Is. Sd. Charlick Brothers for Groceries. Read our Monthly iTt'-sntnr/er Price lis*. N2c0z 