Two DIstillgnishled Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past anid are almost forgotten.' They bring up old memories-- old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, and: what recollections of New. York.under tlie reigni of: Tweed he brought nupt) Those were great days for Hall; and for I men who were a great deal worse than he.' -What a fellow of infinite jest lie was, and what' a bright spot henmade the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspa per men, politicians and men bshout town will long remember its attractive ness. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempt ed to'prophecy the height in the tem ple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving be hind him on the field of his early tri numphs nothing buntshattered ambitions. Yet this was to ble. Ina small cafe in a somewhat uufre quented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fanme of which was world-wide. He was sittingat a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past sulfer ings. His long hair was gray-prema turely gray. His shoulders were b.et. and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsomne man. As liesat at the table he looked like a strongman borne, down by the memory of some great sor row of the past. Presently lie arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left. and then I recognized him, althoughi it has been years since I saw him before. It was Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the' New York Indle pendent. :But how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, erect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely: old man. He is doing some sortof literary work liere, but no -one seems to know just what it is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked 'was more than a mere scabdal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is aead, so are others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of thle lawyers, Ben janiin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situ ated than her husband, for she has the company and sympathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-the way places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, a miserable and broken man. 