STUCK UP. BY 'TEBAX,' (JLnthor of 'The Double Erent,' ' Running It Off,' « Jockey Jaok,' ' Bankor and Brotor,' 'Wild Roie,' 'Thrown ATTiiy,' &o.;) (ALL EIGHTS EKSSBVKD.) , . ? CHAPTER XV. SEEING LIFJE. WHEN Palk saw Kitty, ho know in stinctively tho'birds had flown. He could not hulp but admire the courago of tho girl who had dared no much to Bavo hor brotliors. Ho- was annoyod all tho aamo, for had ho not romainod at MurruyBtono Kitty would not havo boon awaro of his plans. ' Ah I I boo I am too late,' ho said to u.iuy. ' What do you moan ?' sbo aBkod. 'Tour brothers havo gono, I auppoao. You havo warned them in tiuio,' ho Baid. ' And what if I havo ? Aro thoy not my brothoraP la not that sufficient?' sho said. 'Quito,' ho ' answorod, 'but it is a dangerous game you are playing, Miss Carey, and may got you into trouble. It is not your fault that your brotliors aro what thoy are, but you havo no right to assist thorn in escaping tho consquoucos of their nets.' 'I havo the right, and I Bhall uso.it,' Bho said; defiantly. ' I earn not for myBolf. I am used to dangors of all kinds. It's my duty to savo my brothers, if possiblo, aud I ehall do it in upitu of you and your nion.' ' How woll sho looks now,' thought Falk. ' She's a haudaomo girl. I like her all tho. bettor for her pluck.' Aloud ho said: :?' 'Wo Bhall havo to scour tho country aftor them. In the long run thoy are suro to bo taken.' Kitty laughod merrily. Tho idoa of the police tracking Ned iu tho buah waa too much for hor. Hor disdainful air nottlod Falk, who said sharply : ' You think wo shall not succeed, but I swear I will nover roBt until I havo laid thorn by tho heels.' Kitty turriod a shado palor. Sho knew what a determined man i'lUk was. If her brotliors and Bob romained iu tho country all might bo well, but if they ventured into Melbourne sho know they would have very littlo chance of. escape, if Palk happened to be thoro and recognise them. ' I will leave you an escort if you liko,'- he said, ' to bob you safely back to Murray_ stone.' ' No thanks/' she Baid. ' I remain here to-night, and will return to Mr. Buzton's to-morrow.' ' 'I shall havo to search the liouso,' said Falk. Kitty mado way for him to pass. Ho could oasily see that the mon had but lately occupied the room. Tho place smolfc of smoke yet, so they could not have beon gono long. His best plan would bo to follow on thoir track at onco. 'I wish I had ono of tho3O black trackers from Queensland here,' ho inut tod,,'they are tho elovorost beggars I know. I havon't got ono, bo I must make tho best of it.' Ho hardly liked to leave Kitty alone, but he know Bho would not bo alarmed, and would come to no harm. Falk and his mon searched high and low for a week, but could find no trace of the Careys. He returned to Murraystono baf&od;, but more determined to capture thorn. Kitty's adventure, and night ride, had ploasod Sam Buxton inmonsely, and Maurice only thought of hor noblo conduct in saviug'hor brothors. 'I should never havo dared to do it, Kitty,' said Kate Buxton. ' You are a perfect horoino. I do onvy you your bravery. I am afraid. I am not constituted that way.' 'You would be if you had tho same incontivo I have,' Baid Kitty. 'Wait until you are put to tho test.' ' I hope I nevor shall bo,' Baid Kate. 'If I am, I stall be found wanting, I fear.' ? . . When Falk left for Molbourno again, Kitty dreaded. lost her brothers should have gono thero. Sho could not warn them again, for sho did not know wherothoy were. During the last two days of tho week that Falk and his men woro hunting for tho Careys in tho bush, the throe wero oujoying thoinsolvos in Melbourne. Melbourne at that time was not the city it is now, but it was a lively place, and go ahead. ' Thoy woro staying at a favorite haunt, and had commenced to have what Bob called a royal time of it. Money was plentiful, and they did not spare tno spoil taneu trom tlio JUenalla Bank. Thoy wero highly amused at tho nowe paper accounts of the fruitless efforts of Falk and his men to capture them. Tho police were roundly abused for their incompetence, and the Government was stormed at for not taking moro stringent measures. Ned Carey was dotormined to remain in Molbouruo and seo tho Cup run, and Tom and Bob were nothing loth. Michael O'Shoa had arrived in the city, and had Boon Ned Carey. From him Nod heard of tho activity fchnt provailed among the local police, and ho did not forgot to tell O'Shea how im portant it was thoy should be kept posted in all thoir movements. O'Shoa advised Nod to go bock to the country, ovon to cross tho Murray, ond try a spell iu Now South Wales. Nod Baid ho would not go back until after tho Cup, at which Michaol said ho was a fool, and swore there was a petticoat in the case. 'You've beon smitton with somo bar maid, Ned, that's what's the matter with you. I thought hotter of you, lad, I did indeod,' Ned laughed and said : You'vo about hit tho mark, Mick. Come along and have a look at her.' ' Bah I' growled Mick. ' Womon are always tho ruin of mon like you. Why tho devil can't you stoor clear of tho potticoats. If you don't, tho darned things will got around your legs and throw you down as aura as fate.' Mick wont with Ned to tho Nugget Hotel, kept by a widow named Mrs. Slack. Her daughtor, Polly Slack, was a pretty girl, but had acquired a considerable amount of f roedom iu hor apeouh, by ronson of presiding ovor tho bar, which was not pntroniBod by tho olito of Molbourno. The Nuggot Hotel would bo more correctly described by tho word 'pub.' It was in an out of tho way street, off Bourko etreet. It was a profitably house, and if tho company was not of tho bost, thoir cash, of which they generally had plenty, was quite as good to Mrs. Slack. In justice to tho relict of tho late Jeromiah Slack, it must bo rocordod that Bho kept good liquor, and through judicious management, was on oxcollent terms with tho police Mrs. Slack woighud about sixtoon stone, and had 'a fiat liko a log of mutton,' bo Nod said. She waa a good-hoarted woman in hor way. Several of hor rowdy cus tomers who had consumed too much liquor had discovered that Mrs. Slack waa not a woman to be trifled with. Sho had a nack of seizing thorn suddenly, irhon they woro unawares, in tho rear, and ejecting thorn from tho promises. Occasionally she had been known to go ai far u to fling a quart measure at n customer's lioad, but this liappened only on special days, whon tho good lady had sampled hor own liquors too frooly. Siucu Noil and Tom had boon at tho Nuggot thoy had spent a lot of monoy, and Polly Slaok had taken a great fancy to Nod, who was a flno-looking man. l'olly Slack had plenty of admirors, nnd sho attracted young bloods of the city to the Nuggot, who, but for her, would nevor havo uutured its doors. Ono of hor most favored admirors, until Nod appoarod on tho soouo, was a book maker unuiod Solly Nailor, and ho rosonfced hor partiality towards Neu. Tho threo, itshould be montioned, passed for brothors, and wont by tho name of Nod, Tom, and Bob Jones. Whon Nod ontorod tho bar with Michael O'Shoa, who was well known thero, Solly Nailor was doing a quiot 'spoon' with Miss Polly ovor tho counter ; Tom and Bob woro out somo whero. Polly quickly transferred her attontion to Nod, whilo Mick thought : I' If Polly Slack's gono on him Iio'b a ruined man. Sho gets a firm grip on 'om and no mistake. Not m'uoh ohanco of flinging hor ovor. A rogular Btioker.' ' So glad to seo you, Mr. O'Shea,' said Mrs. Slack, ' Don't you think I'm getting It was always a failing with tho land lady: of tho Nugget that Bhe was rapidly going into a consumption. ' Now look horo, Mrs. Slack, none of that with me. You're sixteen ntone If you're an ounco, and that's woight enough for tivo woiuon,' said Miclinn], ' Not sixtoon, Michael, I'm not sixteen ; fifteon and threo-quartera, I swoar, I waa woighed yesterday. I'm losing flesh, Michaol. I uhall follow Jeremiah before long,' wailed Mrs. Slack. ' She's boon at it,' thought Mick. 'She generally wants to follow tho late lamented Joromiah whou she's got a drop or two in.' Mrs. Slack had an idea that Michael admired hor, aud that it would not be a bad idoa for them to join forces. Michnol O'Shoa would not have taken Mrs. Slock at hor sixteon stone for a nuggot as big as his list. ' Polly and that young man are mighty confidential,' said Mick. ' A 'andsome couple, Miohael,' said the widow. ''Just liko me and Jeremiah.' ' Yes, you musthave been a good-looking woman in your time,' said Mick, thought lessly. ' And pray whnt's amiss with my looks now, Mr. O'Shea P' Baid the widow, flaring up. 'I meant you must have beon a vory flno girl, judging by what you aro now,' said Mick. ' Doos Polly like him ?' ' I fancy she does,' said Mrs. Slack. 'Do you know much about him ; he seems to have plenty of monoy.' ' Oh, I've known him a fow years,' said Mick. ' The three of thorn live together. Thoy have a station ovor Wagga way somowhere, and have a nice bit put away, I Bhould say.' ' Polly would make a good wife,' said Mrs. Slack. Mick had his doubts about that, but he said, 'With Buch a mother she ought to do.' The Nuggot -was a bit of a sporting resort, and more especially at this time of the year, whou tho Cup fever was on. The night O'Shea put up there tho bar was filled with a motley crowd of people, and Polly was too busy to flirt with either Nod or Solly. She had an eyo to business, this young lady, and know the more her mothor made out of the Nuggot.tho better it would bo for horsolf. ' Solly, you look as glum as an owl to night. You must havo a. bad book on the race,' she said. ' No, I haven't,' he said. ' You've been carrying on with that follow again all day to-day.' 'And what if I have, Mr. Nailor. Do you suppose you aro the only customor I have to attend to ?' When Tom and Bob came in, it was evident the latter had got rather moro than ho could carry, and O'Shea knew he was a quarrelsome customer on Buch occasions. It was not long boforo Bob ongaged in a wordy warofaro with half,a dozon rough-looking customers, and ho would havo stood a good chance of gotting moro than ho bargained for had not Nod and Michael iutorforod. , ' I wanted to back Boinula for tho Cup,' said Bob. ' Uo's favorite, or nearly so, but S to 1 is no good. That's what somo cove offered me. Swindlers I call 'em.' ' Shut up,' said Ned. ' If you waut to back Bomula, back it when you're sobor.' ' I am sober,' said Bob. 'Never more sobor in my life ;' a speech that was a fair indication that he was vory much tho other way on. ' I should like to back something myself for tho Cup,' said Ned. ' What's a good outsider, Mick P' ?' Blest if I know. What's tho longest odds wo can got ? We'll take it to win a thousand botwoeu us.' ' Bight you are,' said Ned. Tbon catching sight of Solly Nailor ho said i ' What's tho longest odds you'll lay against an outsider, Nailor.' ' Just dopoads what it is,' said Solly, in wardly wishing ho could putMr. Ned Jones on to an out-and-out stiff 'un. 'Oh, it doesn't much matter what it is. Toll me the longest price you'll llay, aud O'Shea will go halves with mo to win a thousand.' ' A thousand to ten, some of 'em,' said Solly. ?? We'll tako tho odds to a tenner against the first you name,' said Ned. 'Don't bo a fool,' whispered Mick, 'he's sure to pick out a rank duffer.' 'Lot him,' juiid Nod. 'If you don't liko it you noedn't stand in.' ?' I'll Btand in, because I said I would,' said Mick, ' but wo shan't havo a ghost of a show if Solly selects it. He's ono of tho cutest men in the placo.' Solly Nailor looked down tho list of horsoB until he struck what he fancied was a real, undilutod bad egg. 'I'll lay you a thousand to tea The Poarl,' ho said. ' There, I told you,' said Miok. ' Wh»t tho douce is Tho Pearl P ' ' Blost if I know,' said Ned, ' but we'll take tho wager. You can book it, Nailor,'' ho said. ' Hore's tho ready ; you may as woll havo it now,' and ho handed him a ton pound noto, which Nailor looked at and put in his pocket, marking the bot paid. ' I'll stand treat for that,' he said, and flung down a Bovuroign. 'Thon you don't think The Pearl's got a chance, eh ? ' said Polly. ' Not a dog's chance,' lie Baid. ' Then y ou'ro a boast to take Ned down,' ?he replied, which remark did not increase bolly Nailer's good feolinu tow»-d« Ned. ' WIiobo is Tho Poarl ? ' askod Nod. ' I know,' chimed in a diminutive look ing man in tho corner scat. ' Wnll, out with it,' said Nod. ' Uo's by Now Warrior,' said tho man, 'and his owner, John Tait, knows what bo's about, you bet.' ' One of Tait'a horaos,' said O'Shea. ' I forgot that. He's a good brod 'un, and we'll havo a straight run, anyhow.' 'Thon the bet may not be such a bad ono after all,' said Ned. 'If you don't think so I'll doublo it,' said Nailor. ' All right,' ropliod Ned, ' hero's another tonnor.' ' You'ro a fool, Nod,1' said Mick. ' I ihan't go halves in that.' 'I'll stand in a quid,' said tlio man in iho rfornor. ' Horo it is. Pay tho monoy ;o Airs. Slack for mo if it comes off.' Solly Nailor pockotod tho othor tonnor ind thought : ' I've landed twenty quid out of tho mug, inyway.' ' What do you know about Tho Poarl P' laid O'Shea, who had Bat down by the itrangor, whilo Nod talkod with Polly. ' Novor mind what I know. You'll have n. good run for your money, and Cavanagh ridos, mind that.' ' Nod, that follow had you,' said Polly. 'Novor mind. A few pounds won't jroakuio. You shall havo' fifty pounds if l'ho Poarl wins,' said Nod. 'Thank you. Not much chance . of mo jotting it,' sho laughod. 'I'll bo. sorry to leavo you after the 3up,' Baid Nod. ' You'ro a jolly sort of .firl.' ' . . ' I am sure I shall miss you. Nod,' said Polly. ' Wo've biion good friends. Hush, ?ore's mother. I'll seo you to-night after die's closed up.' \- ' All sorono, Polly. I want to havo a ;hat with you,' said Nod. Whon Solly Nailor roachod home ho [Hilled out the two ten pound notes Ned mil given him, and examined them with interest. ' I wish I had every tenner he's got in my pocket. That littlo minx would novor avoii look nt him if his monoy was gono. Die Poarl, indeod. Mighty littlo chance he's got of winning. It's a dead cop for Romula ; she's a rattling good mare.' Ho turned the notes ever, and saw somo writing on tho back. 'Benalla,' ho said as he road it. ' Why, that's the place whore tho bank was stuck up a woek or two back. I've got bhe paper with it in. I'll have a look. Curious Benalla should bo on thia noto; Blost if it isn't on the othor ono, too. That's funny.' He got the paper after searching for some time, and read up tho accountof tho Bticking up of tho Benalliv bank. He looked at the date of the paper, and then the dato on the back of the notes. ' ThoBo tenners must have beon in tho bank when it was stuck up,' he said. ' Nod Caroy, Tom Carey, and a man named Bob.' 'Hang it all, that follow's namo was Nod, his brother's Tom, aud tho other Bob. Sounds a good deal like it. Hero's & chanco. Fancy if these turned out to be tho men. It's hardly probable. . They would novor come hero at Cup time. Hut those notoB Boom to give a duo. I must keopthem. , Thoy. may como in useful.. I'd like to give you a turn, Nod Jones, if that'B your name. I'll keop my eyos on you. The notes wero in Bonalla bank Buro enough when it was stuck up. If so, whoro did you got them, Ned Jonos. I think I boo my way to got ovon with you for trying to cut me out with Polly Slack. Squatters, are you. We Bhall see about that.' He placed tho notes in his desk, and lockod it. ' Safe enough there,' ho said. ' I guess the police would niako a lot out of that Benalla and the date on the back of 'em.' (To be Continued.) 