[BY JUVEITIS.] THE prospects of a. coalition in New Soul.li "Wales are daily growing brighter; and if the rival kniglits do not kill each, other, any hard; voids that may will be used in debate be forgiven and forgotten when the best interests of the country demand it. Such sacrifices are as rare as touching in these degenerate days. ? * - * " '* ME. WEAGGE'S experiences in' the Buninyong if- not a judgment are certainly no more than he deserved. Sow that'lle realises what the f centre of a huricane" means, he will not be so ready in predicting them, and so cheerful when they turn up, and cariy widespread ..destruction emong his. fellow countrymen. ~ * . # # This failure of Mr. James Munro will be a bit of a shock to those enthusiasts who be lieve that all a man has to do'to make a fortune is to abstain from locg beerd. Mr. Munro has for many years been the leader of the Temperance Party in Victoria, and when his little deficiency of £50,000 is wiped off the s'ate, that party will so doubt assist him buck to Parliament. . * *' * * * The Hawaiian question has .caused some excitement in political circles, and grave warnings are uttered that Uncle Sam intends to annex those islands. That he will do so is extremely problematical, as the United States does not want foreign possessions. No doubt there will be some tall talk; but Hawaii is not likely to pass into the hands of any foreign power for some time to come. # m * # i THERE is one candidate wjjio is very unsound j on the question of liquorreform In answer to a question as to whether, he was in favor of putting down the liquor traffic, the candi date ^replied :-" If you mean in this fashion (raising his hand to his mouth'and throwing back MB head)-certainly." As this - state ment was received with laughter, it is hardly probable that the election in that district will be run on strictly temperance lin^s. : # V '# """ *' * * THXBE is joy in Melbourne. The Government haveraised their three quaijters of a million of BOlid cash; and hopes seem bright that this amount will be spent on public Melbourne Works, in a " spirited public manner." But what is litis among* so many? Mr. Patter eon pan placate but few sections with such an amount; and it is morethan probable that most of the money will be spent in a useful manner. "The people who have lived, moved and had their being in reckless public expenditure, caauot fully realise that their day is done. That they will raise a bitter cry is certain ? but it is equally certain that - Victorians have made up their minds hat the finances axe to be adjusted by re trenchment, and not by Mrtherjaxation. i * #' . # TWit Mobsxs must have been reading the history of that royal and ancient Brigham Toung.fiolomon, when he gave his decision about those turkeys. ; He, however, went f urib** anddivided the costs, for which he had no precedent in Solomon's decis on. The latter case, from a legal joint of view, is not a satisfactory one/ as ft appea* 6 the profession was not in it^ plaintiff and defen dant personally appearing ; and no mention" Ib made as to an order for costB. Mr Morris may have been right in this casej; but he is treading on dangerous ground in going to the Old ' Testament for precedents. - Shouldhfe continue to do so, I shall not be surprised to . see the legal profession object to the admission of verdicts founded on decisions given thousands of years ago by men, wlio whatever : their, abilities and characters may have been^ , v know nothing about law, or modern Police Ck)U^j>ractice. THE "Jffeir Australia" movement does not ; seem to I® making, much headway, the life of a modern " Pilgrim Father," not offering great attractions to theaverage Australian, who probably is better acquainted with the prospects of the proposed expedition than its promoters. No citizen with sense will desert Australia for Argentine, and in tV,e meantime the booming of' the scheme will provide a means of livelihood to a few orators, until something easier and better pa d turnfi up. * * * # THE welcome of Chief Justice Madden to the Supreme Court Bench of Victoria was a most i affecting spectacle; the references to the late ® Chief Justice (J-eorge Higinbofcham, wa<l« by 1 Mr Justice Williams being evidently sincere. j Judge Williams, however, cannot feel very ! cordial to the new Chief, whom he has called a clever advocate, but an inferior lawyer. Dr Madden can afford to overlook the little outburst of his colleague, who in a moment of disappointment lost his sense of justice. mT* * # # The South Australians are nearly as strong as ; the Tasmaniane in their efforts to demonstrate the vastness of their mineral resources. Hie I last report is that the water at the T Barry bore is highly mineralised, and in all probability we shall soon have samples of the water with the minerals in solution. Thia jg a really brilliant idea of the South Austra lians, but in this sceptical and poverty stricken decade, it seem§ probable that this highly promising venture will have to he offered, to British investors. . # # ff # ' EvfifirTHiNGr points to the conclusion thai/ the next session of Parliament will be particularly lively; and the debate on 4he refreshers" is likely to be a very thirsty one. From the utterances of the members ; who have addressed their constituents, it i appears that the Ministry will be indicted on ' divers charges, to which the plea will he, not j guilty. The debates should be very inter esting reading, especially when the Premier is explaining the Ministry's conduct in con nection with the Robb Arbitration case, the new loan. The Opposition have a very strong hand and should score heavily. * * # # THE article on the Queensland Civil Service contributed by " Demos " this week reminds me of an incident which occurred in Mel bourne a JEew years ago, A highly connected dude in the p.~st office was drawing some thing like £500 a year, and itsamehow mum out that he was doing absolutely nothingfor the money. Melbourne Punch suggested the dude should be provided with work, and p jinted out that he would be of some value if he would stand near the stamp window with his tongue out so that people would wet their stamps on it. This hurt his feel ings to such an extent that he commenced an action and actually recovered damages, eo that I refrain from offering similar-advice. * * # . IfoiHDfG is sacred enough to escape legisla tion. Laws have been passed for the sup pression or encouragement of everything under the sun, but the United States Senate has gone further, and passed a Bill prohibiting any dealing in " futures." It is the alnrngf. universal impression that this law is mainly directed against certain objectionable com -. mercial transactions, but to any one who realises the enormous spread of unbelief in the United States, can see at once that tin* Bill is an ' attempt to strike the chnrcli a severe blow. What are the operations of a, few dealers in futures in Chicago and Mew York compared with the enormous business in the same line done in allthe churches in the Unite! States ? A mere bagatelle. That any Act can make any material difference I cannot believe ; hilt if prosecutions follow, we shall see dealers in wheat and fishers of men in the dock to SIB Johk FORREST does not like the Grarrison Bill, wfaict would allow a South Australian Boldier stationed at Albany, to paint the town red, and defy the West Australian authorities. Sir John said the bill waa being passed only to please Queensland, a statement wliich is wide of the truth. Had he said it was passed to please Sir Samuel Griffith he might have struck the bull's eye. The Council must be very hard up for something to do, when they discuss a measure that no one has asked for, and which cannot be enforced even if it is passed. * * # * THE conflicting statements of clergymen in connection with the colored labor traffic must be rather confusing to Exeter Hall. The ftev. Paton curdles the blood of the Mends of our colored brother in a most delightful fashion by descriptions of atrocities equally interest ing and appalling. Then Bishop Montgomery and the Eer. Smith come along, and they declare that all is peace and Joy in the very places where Mr Paton says there is nothing bat unbridled ruffianism. At the present stage the public decision is likely to be held over for the production of farther evidence. * * # * ONE of <he matters being dseuBsed the Federal Council is the suppression of the sale of firearms to natives. This great national question was not received with much i enthusiasm, and it is more than likely *hat the natives will be allowed for some time to I come to fpend tl eir hard earned cash in the ! purchase of firearms, turn, and other neces caries of life. The interest taken in the ! natives. by poUtieians u positively touching; a-td if talk can reform the savage, who now only pines for & gun to shoot his neighbour with, he will soon b:come a respectable member of society. * * # # The opening of a-Railway to Jerusalem is evidence, slight indeed, but still evidence, of the approach of the time, when the chosen people will return to their own land. Want of cheap and easy communication ha« no doubt prevented many exiles from returning before, but now that the Holy City can be reached for a few shillings the population must increase. That there will be a great and immediate exodus of Jews from the counfay of the Gentiles to the Promised Land I do not believe. Many of diem hold so much free hold in all parts of the world that some time must elapse before it can be turned into ready cash, without sacrifice. While believ ing that the opening of the railway, is the first sign of the realisation of prophecy, I feel confident, that this generation, * probably others, will pass away before all the children of Jacob reach home. * * # # * * # Vert general pity will be felt for the un fortunates who will suffer by the floods down South. In such calamities it is only the few who happen to make anything, and to do this they must be possessed of great decision. On one of the northern rivers several years ago, a little township, brought into existence by an inland mining centre, was built and all fancied themselves secure, though right on the river bank. But one day the river came down, and the inliabitawta of the village went up to the hills. In a few minutes after the flood waters struck the village, not a vestige was left. One of the inhabitants immediately saw his opportunity, and being one of the first down after the water had subsided, he immediately started to collect, down .the river, what he could find of his premises. He was emin ently successful, for although before the flood he had only a 10 x 15 iron house, after the fragments had been gathered up, he had enough iron on hand to build a small town ship. Some of his enemies declared that another flood would have enabled him to retire, but |Ms noteoming, he took to bnsjness and, m might bp expected lias since risen to eminence. THE burglars at Cairns, awed by the determined attitude of the citizens, and perhaps because there "was nothing left to steal, have apparently quitted that place. During the reign of terror caused by their depredations, frantic appeals were made for more police, particularly a sub-inspector. A deaf ear was turned to the appeal, and the burglaries and attempts to rob suddenly ceased. Some time ago a ghost alarmed the town, and no blame can be atttached to the police for failing to secure such an unsub stantial shadow; but a much better account should have been given of burglars who walked off with safes, family plate and other portable property. Truly, the force in Cairns, as well as the citizens, want a sub-inspector badly. ' * * # # SIB. Hektry PABKES is once more engaged in a contest for the salvation of the country. According to his indictment the Dibbs' Ministry has brought his beloved country to the verge of ruin, and unless he (Sir Henry) comes to the rescue, all will be lost. This has been heard so often that people care I nothing about it; what they would like to | see, would be Sir Henry Farkes assisting his fellow knight to restore the credit of the colony. Probably Sir Henry thinks that if he cannot become Premier himself he is at least strong enough to secure the second in command in a coalition cabinet. This, though not all that could be desired, would be at least better than an unpaid appointment on the Opposition benches. # # # # THERE is no false pride about a Chinaman. If he offends against the law, and has the mis fortune to be found out, he does not consider that his punishment lowers him in the social scale; and he is even more affable than ever. The present Warden of Chatters Towers was once the recipient of a little delicate explan ation for which he was grateful.' A gardener named Ah Chong was brought up, charged with stealing fowls from the Hospital, and as he waB caught in the fowlhouse, with his booty in a bag, the well-meant exertions of an interpreter, and half a dozen of his countrymen were unavailing, and Ah Chong, was eentjup for six months' hard labor. Some twelve months after an imp1 riant Chinese case came on, and among the cloud of witnesses and interested partisans, was Ah Chong, who on going icto the box greeted the P.M. with a friendly and confidential smile. On being asked what he did for a living, he appeared to consider the question irrelevant, and turning to the P.M. said 1,1 feu know me Mister Mowblee ; me stealem fowl." Friendly re.ations were at once established between the Bench and tl.e witness, and the case pro ceeded. * * * « * M& Rutm the labor candidate for the Fitzroy Electorate, deliv. red a stirring address the other day. His proposals are cot new, but he has some new reasons for believing that they should he carried out. In the past the capitalist has been as regarded an able and un scrupulous tyrant, to be feared, as well as hated ; but Mr Bamm takes another view of him. He thinks the capitalist a harmless lunatic, only to be pitied quite irresponsible, and in the interests of mercy, should be treated gently but firmly, for the public wel fare. This opinion is humane if nothing else. With regard to the higher education Mr Bamm thinks it shou!d be free, on the grounds that a poor man's sonehould be able to enjoy it; and as the rich man's son is usually ail imbecile. Mr Kamm lost, after a time, the calm judicial tone, which is ex pected from a candidate seeking the suffrages of the Fitzroy electors. He plainly asserted that anyone who differed from the various pUnks in the labor platform was either a jobber or a swindler. Even if the labor party return 24 membere at the next election Mr Kamm is eeareelylikely to be one of them, despite the fact that he believes himself to possess a monopoly of the ability and honesty in the Eitzroy elecfcorate. 