FIELD SPORTING Shooting in the Goomburra Ranges. [CONTRIBUTED.] Having decided on a day's sport among the Goomburra Ranges we spent the morning in preparations; cartridges were filled, provisions and blankets packed up, and shortly afternoon H , J , and I started with one warranted first-class turkey dog as fat as an alderman, and a good retriever. The pointer we left at home, as he was very lame and footsore, the retriever being a good dog for quail, and also likely to be useful for any ducks we might drop across. There were said to be " any amount away up the creek." This was a vaguo way of putting it, but one that is often resorted to when you are sitting around a comfortable fire and your informant is not going to accompany you, so that you will have no chance of ex pressing your opinion of his statement in his hearing should the truth of it fall very far short of the fact. We rode all that afternoon. The weathor being beautifully clear, and bright it was very enjoyable, but we never saw a duck or the sign of one. Ohl the frailty of human veracity! As wo neared our destination we saw lots of quail, so our hopes of good sport were raised considerably. About sundown we reached G——'s house. It was not at all like the flowery language of its owner had led us to believe; it was just like some of those pioturos you see in the " penny dreadfuls" of the hut of the typical bush ranger. Built of slabs put np at intervals, in some places you could nearly walk through the walls; you could study astronomy through the roof, and could stand in the fireplace, look out of the top of the chimney, and take observa tions. The floor was of mother earth, and the best bunk was of split palings (room for two in this), the other a sheet of bark, and this was by far the smoother. On arrival we gathered grass to sleep on, and wood for fuel during the night, and lit a good fire in the middle of the house, and boiled the billies for tea. We did not sleep much that night as there was a heavy frost, the fire wanted replenishing at frequent intervals, and the bed, notwithstanding a thick covering of grass, would not compare favourably with a spring mattress. At daybreak, after a good breakfast, we started for the sorub. We rode over several low foot hills, crossed some gullies, and went np a gorge, where I don't believe the sun shines an hour a day on an average the year round. After travelling op this for about a mile we arrived at the foot of the mountains, and were obliged to leave the horses and proceed on foot. J < who is young, single, and an athlete, took the lead, and I followed. It waa pretty steep, much steeper than the roof of a house, but J went up it at a swinging pace. I followed manfully, but it soon began to tell, and I was very glad to hear H suggest a spell. Five minutes and on again. This time it was worse than ever, and I shall never forget the pain in my limbs and back from climbing. I was just about to cry a halt when J had another spell. H asked if it made me feel sick, saying it affected him that* way, and he said something about mountain climbing always affecting one in that manner, and was about to make Borne seieutifio remarks, when J—— most unfeelingly broke in and said we were suffering from eating too much breakfast, that the next few hundred yards were much ■teeper than the part we had come up, and that we should have to brace np and hang on, or w« would have a very fair show of having our necks broken. I felt very indignant at his unfeeling remarks, but the energy was not left in me to remonstrate. I bore it in silenoe and with resignation, and made another start for the top. It tea* rough, and although the frost waa still white on the ground and we were stripped to shirt and trousers, and 'carrying nothing but our guns and ammunition, the perspiration was running down our faces in tiny rivnleta by the time we got there. It was an awful climb, but Ido not regret' it. The view from tho top of that mountain as we looked away towards sunrise was something to remember- for a lifetime. There is nothing like the panorama of Nature: the sun just lighting up the mountain tops, the fogs, like white-Bheeted ghosts, risirg from the valleys, the ravines, and gorges, the lights and shadows giving a variety of colours to the mountains, all went to make up a picture that my memory dwells on with delight. I was in raptures, when. J broke in with " Come on, let us make a start," moving off with a " Hi! old man," to that turkey dog. He said "Hi" again; but that dog didn't high worth a oent; he seemed gasping for breath. His constitu tion was not adapted to mountain climbing, and he ought to have been in training for a month to fit him for this work. To use a homely expression made use of by H , " Tim old animal was as fat as a pig," and the morning's climb had cooked him. This was a sudden collapse to all our hopes of a big bag in the scrub. After "Hi-hi-ing" the old dog pretty considerable, and expressing our opinion of the fat, useless hound freely, we at las t shot one turkey aud a pair of Wonga pigeons. I have seen a deal of beauty in scrubs, and have heard and read more of their ferns of all descriptions, and flowers and foli age, orchid* and vines in great variety, and all this was to be seen here; and there were also scrub ticks (very plentiful), lawyer vines that hung and clung to you as if they would tear every vestige of clothing off your baok, nettles and nettle trees, various beautiful and priokly scrubs that had points as sharp as needles, places so dense that you had to crawl on your hauds and knees over rooks and stones that were slippery, and oovered with moss and iichens; a regular home for these things, as the sun never shines exeepi in a very subdued and sickly manner here, sa thick and olose was the foliage overhead. All these beauties I saw and felt—felt verr extensively, feel some of them now, and shut appreciate them at their true value always. I was, however, quite prepared to tear myself away from them by 11 o'clock, when it was proposed that we return to G 'fl hut, and Bhoot quail on the flats. We returned, bat the way down that moun tain was worse than it was up. Yoa slipped, you slid, you hung on to bushes and saplings, sometimes you were on your feet and sometimes you were not, sometimes you had bright visions of the bottom and home, and sometimes you felt relieved at the thought that your life was insured, and felt resigned to the fate that Beemed to stare you in the face. However, we got there at last, and that old hut (and dinner) waß as welcome as any place I had seen since the morning. The " nip" of whisky we had Beemed like nectar, and the corned beef, Ac, was fit for an aldermanio feast, that is, if the aldermen had the appetites we had. In the afternoon we had grand sport among the quail, and the retriever did his duty well and faith fully. That night we Blept, slept until the cold awoke us at 3 o'clock in the morning. We then replenished the fire, made some grog, and slept again. Next morning we started on our homeward journey, shooting as we went. The total of our bag on arrival at Allora was thirty-three quail, five ducks, two pheasants, eight hares, one scrub turkey, and two Wonga pigeons, which, if not a very large one, was at least nicely diversified. That night we corrected some of the statements of the old hand re Bwavim of game, and also suggested to Harry G that he should- make sundry and exten sive improvements in his shooting box before again recommending it. However, the trip was thoroughly enjoyable, and my best thank3 are due to both H and J , than whom no more worthy sportsmen, or merry, jovial, and obliging companions are to be found. 