SPORT AND PLAY. BY " OiiVsri'uK." Turn Saturday's Argus with regard to the proceedings at the ordinary meetingof the Victorian Football Association on Friday night:—" A Protest—The Carlton Club protested against Ifootfccay being awarded four points for the victory scored by them against Carlton on Siturday last, on the ground-i that one of the loiot-ciay team—Powell—bad earlier in the wason played with the Rainbow team against IVocidon District, both these junior clubs being regit te ~ed with the Association. The facts being admitted, the Association bad no other recourse tlmn to award the match to Carlton, but several members took occasion to express the opinion tlial as Footscray had erred in ignorance it was mi unsportsmanlike proceeding on the part of Carlton to lodge a protest." WKI.L, on the first blush, it certainly does look "unsportsmanlike" on the part of the Carlton executive to lodge a protest,as the Hoys in lilue got till' length and breadth of a jolly good biding at tlm hands (or, rather, feet) of the representatives of Ktoneapolis. Hut when you advance that argument to any of the Carlton executive they immediately combat you with the sockdolloger— " What are Rules for? Are they made to be broken ?" And then if you continue further and say - "Certainly not, but there is such a thing as '•iiiv.ilry still extant; and as Footscray errod in simple ignorance the lapsus might well bo overlook..d," they will return the answer—"Ah! that i 1 ! all very fine and large ! But that isn't liow the Adu lation treated us over Watling, of Sandhurst ! They fined us £a the first Saturday and flu the second Saturday for playing him, although they never would vouchsafe to us how we icre wrong in doing as wc did. And for the future we will stick within the four corners of wry rule—Sportsmanlike or Unsportsmanlike !" AMI, of course, the rules in Powell's case are »"T.Y explicit, his case coming under the heading of " Permits to Players," Rule 0 of whi'ih reads as follows,:—" Players from registered Associated Junior or Country Clubs must stand out two Saturdays, produce clearance from their club, and receive permission from the Permit Committee of "in Senior Association beforo being allowed to pla.v Ivith a Senior Club." And Powell, after playing with Rainbow against Essendon District, toilH to do so. AIUIN-: Rule 0 reads:—"Any Senior Club playing a player of another Senior or registered Associated Club, without first having obtained his permit, shall lose the uiatch in which such player played, providing the opposing club lodge their claim to the match with the Secretary, or at the ollice of the Association, within the time limited for process by the rules of the local Association. If the claim be not made within the time specified it shall not be entetaincd." And that brings us to the rule (11) of the Constitution of the Victorian Football Association which governs these protests as follows :—" All clubs referring (to the Association) disputes, protests or charges against clubs or players, or reporting any infringement of the Rules of the Association, ov Laws of the Game, shall forward particulars in writing, together with a fee of Three Guineas, to the Secretary of the Association This must be lodged at the ollice of the Association before 0 p.m. on the Thursday following the day on which the occurrence took place. Umpires preferring charges against clubs or players must do so within the above time. The. Association will not consider protests over disputed goals unless the result can affect a draw or a win " AND thus the matter stands; Carlton being credited with a Win Th»y Did Not Achieve. Along with a number of other old Carltoniaus, I would • much rather the point had not arisen with regard to t'ould club, as there's not much in a Victory Without Honour. Still, I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that when it comes to a matter of Sportsmanlike Conduct in Football, the faither one yets away from the influence of the Delegates Comprising the V.F.A. the more likely one is to experience such a desirable state of things in connection with the great winter pastime. It is only this day fortnight J published in these columns thai the Best Known Man in Connection with Football Throughout Australasia had informed me that slowly but surely he was being forced towards the couiiction (in fact was on the high road towards it) that. some, of the delegates, if they thought it would enable their clubs to getasiuirlo point closer to the Premiership," would not scruple to play the Arch-Fiend himself in their first twenty." Taking that into consideration with t.lie try-on of three years ago (when some of the members of the V.F.A. sought lo depose Fitzroy from third place on the Premiership list by taking a goal away from them they had honestly got) then I grant it might bo advisable to adhere to the strict letter ol the law on every occasion until a better feeling of good fellowship gets abroad. Natheless it is Extremely Hard Jjines for Footscray that they should be the first tofall.'in "• ovpj the transaction. ' , ,- ' > ' i THE protest entered BY Carlton against Foots - cray having been sustaiued^the .following, will be the ~ " ' 1'OSITIONS' 01' THE SKNIOR OljUBS TO DATH:— EmcihIOU Mfilhnuruc South Mi'll.ounii' Fitzroy tiPClonp Uiclimoinl Port Melbourne Coilingwojd St. Kilda Witliamstown ... I 30 17 ••!' i '21 I 4-i»l(l j :!7 I 1'J I 21 | -Jl • -IMM | :I:I . IS I 21 ! IK ;NM ; at '21 | 'ii j 11 1 (?.« ! :)ii ; IN | 21 j ir> : '2-IWI 1 i in ! ™ j -2a •2 ! l.i i :il -2n North Mf-llmni-nc WisitE you down at the Victoria-!--inn-Port Adelaide>w«o on Saturday ? No? Then thank your lucky stars! Oh, goodness heart alive! What an infliction it was, to bo sure! 1 don't care about going the same length as " Observer " in Monday's Araus in " rubbing it in" to the Portoniaus; but, so help me Jimmy Hennessey ! I only once before saw as sorry an exhibition, and that was when the New South Wales men sent down an Intercolonial Twenty to tackle. Captain Jimmy Wilson and Oo. at football. Don't mis - unders'and me! I don't allude to the Waratah bovs ; they did give Carlton something to dc to beat them, and at a time when Carlton w.m Carlton. 1 don't know what the deuce could have boon up with the Port Adelaide fellows at all on Saturday. They never showed the slightest approach to anything like good form-that's as a combination. Individually at t.meB Covacevieh, the M'Keuzies (IC. and A.), Murray, Webb, Schwann, Phillips, Myers and Kemp.iter would show up prominently, but as a team Port Adelaide seemed fairly " anchored " in the heavy ground, and never had the ghost of a show of holding their own. This became so self-evident alter the first ten minutes' play that the majority of the spectators lost, all interest in the game, and began to ask one another in most dejected tones how such a perfect football faroe came to be arranged. As far as a Gat», Money Venture was concerned, it. panned out right enough, over .£200 being taken at the gates; but there never wore truer words wiitton than that "altogether the feeling over this match was one of general disappointment, and a public which supports the game as liberally as residents of Melbourne do deserved more consideration." The same writer {" Observer ") remarks that; "the experiment of sending a strong Victorian twenty into the field against a single visiting club furnished its own condemnation last Saturday, and if repeated in future will most likely be as great a financial failure as on Saturday it was a success. The vast majority of those who watched Saturday's match, and tried in vain to feel some slight degree of interest in it. would much prefer in future. I fancy, to 'give their afternoon to the best of the junior matches. If Port Adelaide's form on the M.C.C. ground was anything like its true form, then we paid it an unearned compliment in delegating to a combined twenty a task that might iiioro appropriately have been left to one of our clubs, even although that club had a couple of its best men away with the other teams." These bo pretty bitter words; but bitter ;is they are they serve to point a moral, such moral being That the Victorian Football Association should exercise all sorts of go.id care, lest these so-called Into - colonial Contests only resolve themselves into Money Making Ventures. Foil the sake of the Same Old Colours (good old Red and Black) that they played under, a due meed of praise must be awarded the Victorians for the manner in which they acquitted themselves "in harness." Their play was concerted enough even for Essendon itself at its best day; and you all know what a very high standard of excellence that is. Jt was " neat and appropriate" that the Essendon skipper (A. Dick) should be their commander: and < qualiy felicitous the placing of 6uch an old war-horse as Peter Burns ill the position of vice-captain. Once more the wheeze of " Where all were so good it would be invidious to particularise" coines in ; and, therefore, I shall simply nominate that the Vies, won by 1- goals 14 behinds to Port Adelaide's 1 goals K behinds; the names of (he successful "kiekists" being—For Victoria : M'Donnld (ii). Thurgood (H), Hurns (;>), Alf. Smith and Clil't. For Port Adelaide: A. M'h'en/.ie (2), Schwann and Webb. THE l'ort Adelaide players displayed a vast improvement, on Saturday's form when they met a South Melbourne team on Monday, their goalkicking being in marked contrast to that exhibited by tlieni when they «ere competing against a combined twenty. Though the ground was heavy and the ball slippy, the porous nature of the sandy soil on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground prevented any " clogginess," und, undouhtealy benefitted by the. different order of things, the visitors sailed in merrily, and gave an extremely brilliant display of passing, marking and long effective kicking under such adverse circumstances. The final result was a meritorious win for l'ort Adelaide by !) goals 5 behinds to South Melbourne's 4 goals !l 1 ehiuds, though iu justice to the local team it must be admitted they could hardly be considered representative with such players as Chavreit. Doran, Kims, Gibson, Greig. Irving, Midillcton, M'Arthur, Spence, Waugh and W.W'indley missing from the ranks. The successful goal-kickers were—For Port Adelaide : Webb (!•), J. M Kenzie (2), A.. M'lvenzie, Davis and Phillips. For South Melbourne: P. Formau (2), M'Knight and Irwin. 'THE same afternoon, over in Adelaide the Victorian team tried conclusions against the Norwoods, whom tlie.v succeeded in defeating by (i goals !> behinds to 'J goals 10 behind*. In the absence of Tom Banks (who was new made o'er again enough to take the rule of an interested though far from neutral spi'datorl Colin Campbell skippered the Victorians, (or whom Irving played a wonderfully goo 1 game. The Norwood bo,>s held a goal advantage over their opponents at halt-time ; but, they failed to last as well. AN'excellent little skit appears in this week's issue of the .S;ioi-/.-wi?i, being a forecast, of a meeting of the Umpire and Permit Committee in l'.d'O. A code of questions drawn up to expedite business contain some keen home thrusts on the present system nf Veiled Professionalism. Fnnstans :— Question 7 asks :" Could you run a To- I bacconist's Business if necessary ?" Tlie.u Questiou 8 pertinently inquires : " Is it your intention to play for the love of the game, or. in vulgar parlance, for ' sliice " Interrogatory 10 seems certainly nthcr personal, inasmuch as it requests to know "How mauy pairs of boots have you received from your club ? What size were they ? And what their estimated value ?" But Question 11 comes direct to the point at once by inquiring, '• With what club do you intend to play if granted your permit?" And then putting as a footnote the information—(" If with any of the clubs represented on this committee please write the same in Rod Ink, as it will greatly expedite the granting of your permit.") OVER in Adelaide, the South Australians complained that the departure of tin' Port Adelaide team prevented tho farinnceus colony being properly represented iu the Intercolonial Contest fixed for last Saturday, on the Adelaide Oval. 'J'heir main contention was that in the brothers M'Kenzie the colony were nanus the services of their two best, goal- kickers; and the outcome- Victoria, •!• goal 7 behinds: South Australia, ^ «oals t> behinds—undoubtedly gives point to such contention. From a scientific standpoint tho game is described as being extremely disappointing, there being imuninerabie "scrimmages," and altogether too much wing play, the ball being continually out of bounds. During the third quarter Turn liiuks, the Victorian captain, had the ill-luck to illustrate in hisowu person how " Dire is the crash When a nose goes smash," an accidental "stouch" on the nasal organ resulting 111 his having to be taken to a surgery and an operation performed. The accident happened 111 front of the pavilion, and—strangely enough!—shortly afterwards a South Australian player named Fisher, whilst following, ricked his foot and had to be earned off the, field. Forbes nnd M'Kay carriel off the honours on the Victorian side, for whom Grace kicked two goals and M'Kay and '"'ampbell one each; Reedman and Charlie Woods responding on behalf of South Australia. The home team failed to secure a goal till the last quarter. ON the Wednesday the Victorian team despatched to Tasmania made a draw against.combined Southern Tasmania at Hobart, the" Tassies" scoring 0 goals 11 behinds to the " Vies." 0 goals S behinds; Webb (2), Honnitcha, Guest, Vimpany and M'Gunut'ss being the operating artists on behalf of this tight, little island, whilst Sloan (2), Thompson (2), Rnlent and Nicholls proved good at need for the Queen colony of the South. On Saturday, owing to internal dissension, the match Victoria against Combined Tasmania did not come off. so a return match was arranged between the same teams, which is thus graphically described by the Age correspondent •.—" The public interest was warmed for to- day's encounter, which resulted in one of the Finest Expositions of Football ever given in 'J'annaniii. From first to last tho game was evenly contested. The Victorians made the pace from the ufart. and, being lighter than their opponents, sustained it throughout. At times the Play Was Very Hough. Two or Three lionts of Fisticuffs Being Indulged In. A Serious Accident happened during the second quarter to Rolent, who had his ankle sprained, and the Victorians were thus deprived of his for vices. Good play then ensued, the ball going up and down the field in quick succession ; but the right wing was entirely deserted. Tho Victoriaus were Strengthened by Four Men before the quarter closed, and when tho bell rang both sides had scored one goal each. When tile bull rang for tlie last quarter Victoria, had goals 4 behinds to Tasmania's 2 goals '1 behinds. Iu thu lust quarter, after Tasmania had negotiated the fourth goal, the Game Became Very Rough. R. Langrord, with a. splendid kick, equalised scores amidst enthusiastic cheering. Rough and Tumble Play ensued, the local team forcing the play, and the visitors had all their work cut out to avert defeat, and the game ended in a draw. Victoria, Pi goals •T behinds; Tasmania. .1 goals 7 behinds. Tho goal-lcickers were—For Tasmania : Sibley (2), Vimpany, M'Guinness and Baugford. For Victoria : Frafer (2), MMIurray, Sykcs ar.d Nicholls." From the words I have capitalised in that report they would appear to have some curious ideas about " a fine exposition of football" in at least one po.tion of Tasmania. _ Tun following were the results of last Saturday's matches between the clubs playing under the nyis of tlie Victorian Junior Football Association :— A SECTION.—Austial beat North Williamstown bv s goals to 2. Fitzroy Juniors beat Union Jack by 7 goals to2. North Melbourne Juniors beat Kdliugton by N goals to 1. University beat Carlton Juniors by 7 goals to 2\. Marylebone won against Cobiirg, with a walkover. H SECTION.—Napier Imperial beat CambeiHell by 11 goals to 1. Albion United beat Ks.sem'.on District by o goals to 3. Rainbow In at Brighton by r>goals to 4. Collingn ootl Junius beat Brunswick by f> goals to a. Hawtlnnn beat Preston by (i goals to 2. Ann so that ihe supporters of the Rising Generation of Footballeis may he aide to gauge the rejpeetive merits ot the teams battling for pure honour and glory, allow n;e to present you with tlie following table showing their present positions 011 the JUNl'JK ASSOCIATION' ritHMIHILSHH' L a f. Name ol Club. A SUCTION. Marylfcbuuu Austral Fitzroy Junius ... N'ortU Mnlt). Juuiors ; University j Nortli Willi- niftOK.il : Ctrlton Juniors ... Ellington ; Union Jack Coburg K SUCTION. ; Essendou District... j Is'apbr Iiiqibrlu] ... : ITttWtbnrD Albion United ... | CollingwooJ Juniors i Kiinbow | Hr insuick j Hrigbtou 1'rtston 1:1 : !2I I IS :J-IH I -J l THE glorious victory achieved by the Eighth Australian Eleven against Cambridge University. mums t.lio services of Blackball! and ill a minoriiy of JH- runs on the first innings, is specially gratifying, nee it once more satisfies the Ktiglish critics that Our Hoys are never beateu until tho lirt ball has been delivered. Harry Trott was (op scorer with llfi (4o and 71), Jack fjyons coming next with 110 (So and tio): then following Alick B innerinan with 74 (flSaiid :t'l), 0-orge Gilfon 7" (:W and :57). and Sydney Gregory IS (li> and '.Hi); Hugliey Truuible carrying his bat in both innings forland 14 respectively. The."Cauw"took all sorts of good care to sua]) Harry Graham up as soon as possible, Gay catching him olf Wells in the first innings for 10, whilst, a party by tho name of Banjit>inghi secured hi^i off Douglas for jn the second. Thbv say, "What's in a name?" But. bv golly ! there's evidently some cricketing charm in that of IC. S. llanjitsingni, as he appears to bo able to make tlie bowlers "sing low" when lie opposes them. Thus, in the Jirst inuings of Cambridge he knocked up 5N prior to l>oing caught by Gregory nil Turner: whilst in the second innings ho. was not out with the top score of 37 appended to his name. The Australians scored Bliiaud '-'< I it. nnd Cambridge University 2110 and lWj the former thus winuing by 317 runs. OOUNTINO both innings, Trott took three wickets for 28; Truuible, two for 2f>; Turner eight for ]2.j; M'l.eod, two fordo : George GifTeu three for 11 o; Bruce, one for :S2. TAI.KIXO of cricket. Miss Ida Biddle, daughter of the late well-known sporting enthusiast, W, C. Biddle—a gentleman, by-the-way, who fiivt introduced W. G. Grace to this country—is about to create a new part iu " A King of Shadows and Dreams." Miss Biddle, v.ho is a beautiful and accomplished actress, should meet with a rare reception at the hands of the sporting public. By-the-way, the Medical and University Students to the tune of seven hundred visit tho Alexandra Theatre on the night in question—tth of July next. 