. . ._. - - ... .. fc - . -.. A SAKAT.OG& INCIDENT. -??'?'?'' '»- ' ? ? ©haWer' il. ?????? : We. persaps, never detect how much our soeicl demeanor 'is ina3e up of artificial ' airs until we Eieape;son who ifl at once beautiful and simple. — Q-EOfiGS ElIOT. Oa the outskirts of tlie village -a- remnant of the ' forest ^primeval *' stretches norths verd for' edate distance.- ??&' Irtidle^path runs through %he wood and winds' in gad out among, the trees. On all 6idee tall pines arise, towering in prloomy eilencej or whimpering to each other of the dnvs when feioath' tb'eir'rbatmy braiich^B Indian war riors bunted wild deer or wooed the dark eyed maiden's of the nation.- . The Indians and the game they pursued have long eiace disappeared. The timid descendants of the deer eat frora your hand as they poke1, their nosea through the cages iii the village parka. The degenerate', remnants' of the . riative tribes have ' their encampments Btili, but tlie bold warrior 'of Cooper's tales is as hard to find as an Alcibiades in modern Greece. TJie IndianT8 wild thlfbt' for the white mail's 'sbMp If a» .hestijoirie -a* civ-Hined longing for his pcckot-book. ' - ' .: Not many miles- away, in his summer tent, the chieftain smokes his pipe oJ peace, with a-:curi6u1s;tin;ge'of ?'brogue in his' voice, lures the sumarer visitor to an ambush where beaded-'work and bows and arrows are for sale in all their barbaric splendor. The bronzed maiden who tends the counter is no gazelle-like Minnehaha, and, her dumpy figure would freeze the genius in the soul of the most enthusiastic poet. The Rev. Samuel Hard, if he should look about Mini would find that the rush of modern life has destroyed much that is romantic beside a belief in Nero's fiddle. But the whispering pinaa may gossip tbia morning of a . scene almost as picturesque as any they saw in the dayB when savages held dominion in the wood. The sound of ad vancing' hoofs echoes from the road ; the dust arises slowly on the summer air, and a brave party of riders makes gay the Bombre background of the pines. First in the cavalcade ride young Erwin Murray and Ma betrothed. He, dark, animated, flushed with the glow of health' and exer cise, is mounted on a nery, well- groomed Wee, black ' as the rider's own dark hair. Margaret Hurd is by hie sid^, seated on a horee which none but a skilful horsewoman would care to manage. Aiiss Kurd's fea tures are of the same cast ae her brother's, Wt lack the high intellectual development Ms exhibit. There is none of the scholar's palior on her cheeks, which, while not ruddy, are clear, and tinged with the Warmth of health. Her hair is light, almost golden in color ; her eyes are dark, and have- tha same- nervous restlessness noted in those of the priest; Her beauty, on the whole, is of that character which fills the observer with admiration at once, and then begins to ?Weary him. Keats sings : . ' A thing of beauty is- a joy for ever.' The statement is hardly supported. by facts. Many of the most .beautiful men and -women in the world be come often anything but a joy to those obliged Constantly to look upon them. A liomely face, wi'rh a certain quiet strength, 'which many a one possesses, is more apt to be ' a joy for ever' than undoubted beauty t-£ the type- which made Margaret Hard a eocial celebrity. . Behind Murray and his fiancee rides a small party of young men and women, which, in every detail of dress -and accoutre ments, could bear the closest inspection from a conijoissGui of the latest, styles. The very horses seem to understand the theory 'upon which their riders base an estimate of' life, and prance along in tKe Epnviction that their hoofs are performing ffieT latest step imported from the blue ilooded equinee of tKe Old World. That is * Btrange idea' of existence which leads ts follower to spend ? his whole time a sinking individuality td conform ? a *3Te« ; There are men in that ?idizis party who -would not dare to show ie Blisrhtest originality in a shirt collar or * religious 'belief They; would jura* a Longfellow or a Spencer if the roll on his ^*t were not strictly- ?? the' thing;' It is aot with them, however, that we have to ttn^er. ????????-??- ? .????? After they have ridden a short distance Ja tbe woods, Murray says to his 'fiancee, _ I have reached a v ry important' resolu tion, Madge — I amegbing to be intellec tual.' . ? ? . . ....,-? . Miss Hurd exclaims, with exaggerated ^rprise, ' Are you Teally? If'l didn't tcow you were joking I should.be their-.' 'Ughiy alarmed. ,1 fear the life wouldn't igiee wita you, Erwin.' 'Thank you for your kind sympathy, rat I am not- joking* I am going to begin my Staw coumb el mental easreiaie fey tell ing-: yeu: what a terrible fate awaits yea if you den't become earsest at once. I shall: gr© -into —a-- minute analysis' of the evil tendeRCies o£ fashionable life as illustrated, by Ik»aae ._ and Greece, and, coming down through the' middle ages, shall p'a-y' iaarked- attention, to the dsa&efcs1; wMcfe- ThodeTn frivolity begets, especially devoting myself to the. great sin- of coldnQBS1 oa tb-» part of young women' towards tiieir fiarice-»8. A!f ter that I' shall- discourse- at- eom« length on the wrong' a betrothed girl; does -her future hiiBband in encouraging attentions from other men. In fact, I1 have a powerful sermon to deiiver. In the- words of a distinguished relative of yours,- we' are ?'Btrattgely forgetful that there is a future, and reform is demanded/' In spite of the evident playfulness of his tone, Margaret Hurd' knows her fiancee well enough to realis* that there is a Blight foundation of discontent underlying his words.' She' turns in her saddle and looks back at a handsome joung fellow riding some distance behind them. If Erwin Murray is foolish enough to be jealous, she will not let him -know that she cares. ' So you have Keen talking to Samuel about his book, have you?' she asks. ' Well, you must know, tben, that there is enough un-wbrl&JIness; and devotion .in the family without any -stri vine;1 on my part to be perfect.' The girl Bniiles rather sarcas tically., 'Yes, ryoux brother is a very remarkabl* man. You are not sufficiently appreciative of him, -I fear. But tell me,' .what do you think of Mamie Van Schaick's broken en gagement ? You eee I can't be intellectual such a morning as this. 1 muet gossip. If you don't object1 we'll defer the eermon till some more suitable time; though if, you are in a great hurry for it, why ? ' ' Oh, hb, I can wait without the slightest inconvenience. You know what I always think of broken engagements. Her case' only increases my general pre judice. I don't know what the girl was thinking of. She openly boasts that she acted from caprice, and Mr. Bothers says that she simply threw him over without any explanation. I think it is disgrace ful.' ' Then you. believe that caprice on a girl's part is allowable unless it goes too far? That she can flirt and dance and play the coquette so long as she doesn't commit the heinous Bin of breaking her engagement ; that caprice, in short, is not evil in kind, bat in quantity.' '.Well, I don't know, as I ever thought much about it in that philosophic -way; but I dp believe that no -woman should, break an engagement unless there is an overwhelming reason for doing so.' ' You. dodge my question very grace fully ; but your remark is highly compli mentary to me, even though it is nc answer to what I asked.' ' I don't mean to avoid your question. My conscience does not trouble me,' and she lopks up at him smilingly. . . 'No, T suppose not. But wait 'til your brother gets at you in print and your flirtation of last night will surely awaken remorse?' 'I didn't flirt, Erwin Murray, and you have no right to say so.' *? Forgive me,. Madge, I didn't mean to call it by so harsh a name.' His words do not -meet with a very warm response; . ' I don't see why men should be so jealous, any way. A man may go about as he chooses and the woman he is married or engaged to can't say_. anything. But if a woman even smiles at another raan or is only ordinarily polite, she receive a lecture at once. It is unjus.t,. I think,' and; with a show of temper, Miss' Hurd touches her horse sharply with the whip. The path here made an abrupt turn, and Erwin in attempting to follow her finds himself on tKe instant out of the* road and 'bounding along among the tries, his horse nearly frantic with fright. He calms the animal as best b« can,- and, rejoicing at his escape from injury among the branches, Has nearly 'reached the bridle-path again. He fails., to notice right ,in. his course a painter's., easel, _on which rests a partially finished sketch, while on the ground around are scattered brush«B, paints, lag's and' all the paraphernalia of an artist's occupation. .....,_ ... .,..,,. ... : ..' , ;. ? Erwin is, in fact, looking forward down the path to see 'what has become of Mar garet, and does riot-realise that he is mak ing a cavalry charge on the deserted easel ^JLJO^SW®111??*- 'who had hastily retreated among the trees whenehe found an excited horse bearing down: upon her. In a moment the' easel ie overthrown', the sketch lie's trampled oh- the ground, and Erwin, Beeing the damage he has caused, springe from his horse and looke about him for the unfortu nate .owner; of his spoils of war. ' __ ' _ . , ' ? ' ' , -At once two' women came for ward from their 'place 'of* refuge. ?; They; are apparently mother and daugh ter. ^ So much dq they resemble ^ each' other that the mother' eeoms like the ghost of tha future showing the young woman hovr the rolling yeaxs wiii ctim her brilliant eyes and furrow her fair, round cheeks. The old lady is ^ by no means ugly, however. She is, for her age, a strikingly handsome woman; and;* it is plain, had been in' her youth as comely &s; her daughter. The wonderful' beauty of the latter makes the contrast a sad one, ? and leads' an . observer to mourn that time and tbe friction of life have no pity for the fairest things of earth. The beauty o£ the youaa; woman, ia df ar'kind which almost - baffle's deecrip^ tion, for it consists almost as much in mobility of expression as in; symmetry of - feature or perfection of : coloring. She is of medium height and slander figure, though a well^deyeloped bust, broad' hip's; and long limbs give her the appearance of being taller than she really is. Her feafures are small and chiseled with Grecian exactness. Tha red lips give a contrast to small, -white, regular teeth. The forehead^ nose; and chin make a perfect profile, above which dark brown hair is carelessly but tastefully arranged. The eyes are the most remarkable ; feature of the face. They are dark grey- almost blue in certain lights, and so deep, clear,, calta and intelligent that Murray looks upon them with' most apparent admiration*; Impelled by an . irresistible impulse, he bows and says, -?« Excuse me for a moment,'.. and, hastily fastening his horse 4o a small tree, walks to the bridlepath, wljter© sffmr-j of his party have drawn rein to learn the outcome of his adventure. '..-.-. ' Don't wait for me,' he calls to them, ' I will overtake you in a moment.' ' Are you hurt ?' inquires some one. ?? 'No, no,'' he answers, and hurries back .to the two ladies who are . looking rather lugubriously at the wreck caused by his horde's relentless hoof s. ?? Madam, I hardly know how' to apologise for this destruc tion,' says Erwin. ,*? My horse became un manageable and, I fear, is not as gTeat a lover of art as his master.' You needn't apologise, sir,' the old: lady answers with a quiet smile. ' Thejre is no particular harm done to anything but a half hour's work of my daughter. The' loss can easily .be repaired.' The daughter add^, ' '.Piease don't ?worry about it. I Was not greatly pleased, with the sketch and have had but a just reward for doing careless work.'' Thera is a simple frankness and good breeding about her tone and manner Which places' Erwin more at his . ease than he had been' before she spoke.' He thanks them for their kind words, and stoops to pick up the easel and place tbe paints- and brashes on -the chair, tv hie ti had escaped injury in the recent engagement. ' This is Mr. Erwin Murray, is it not ?' the elder lady asks. **I knew that you were in the village and your resemblance to j-our father, an acquaintance of- mine years ago, told me at once who you were.'' Erwin looks up surprised and pleased. ' Yes, I resemble my' father in his younger days, they tell me.' He adds quietly, ** You know, of course, that both he and my mother are dead.' 'Yes,' answers the old lady ; 'tim'e^ is fast cutting down those who nearly half a' century ago formed what . is called society in New York, The old set is thinning out like a regiment of veterans' who have fought their battles and have' nothing more to do but say good-bye to one another. I remember you well, Mr. Murray, when you were a very little boy. ' Did you never hear your parents speak of Mrs. Eobert Waterman ?' ;- ' Oh, yes,- indeed, ' and I am very glad that ' I can plead old friendship in asking forgiveness for the destruction I have caused. Your daughter, 1 believe, has made -for hereelf a high place in art,' and Erwin turns toward . the young woman whose beauty is every moment filling him with growing admiration. ? Leila .Waterman looks' up from her painting and smiles without embarrass ment. ' Mr. Murray, the high, places in ait are seldom if ever filled by the younger workers. You say _\ou are fond of art?' ?' Yes, as I am of music and literature — purely from an ordinary mortal's stand point. ' I neither eing, play, write books, nor paint, but I enjoy good music, a great poem, or a beautiful picture. You see I am thoroughly common place, more appreci ative than my horse, but no more gifted.' ' You have certainly a genius for modesty, Mr. Murray,'' Mrs. Waterman says, smiling. ** It is a virtue young men seldom possess.'' *' It has been forced on me by many hard knocks j Mrs. Waterman. I should like to do 'something worth doihgj but don't know how. Are you stopping near here ?' ' Yes, at the top of the hill just beyond the woods.' ' I should like very much to call on you there and apologise more fully for the harm I have done. My friends are waiting for me, co I must hurry off.' « We should 'be very glad' to see you at any time, Mr. Murray, although no further apology is needed. For myself L.lgam grate ful to your iprse for bringing about a meet ing which,- though it makes me' feel like a vory old woman, has giyen^me, great, pleasure.' '. ','\'-... .?';,]?. -.1 - Why he should make Mrs. 'Waterman feel more aged than usual is not plain' to Murray, but her words are' 'kind 'aiid:ha. leave's the scene of his little adventure with a peculiarly warm feeling in his heart for the courtly old lady. Mounting his horse he turns down the 'bridle path. As ha looks back he is again Btruck by the beauty of the little group he is leaving. : . .V . 'J. ''','.. Leila Waterman, in her ligbt.morninjg gown, is bending over her work, -utterly unconscious that art never wrought any thing more graceful than the picture she forms at th'is^nlomenfc . Her^mother^eeated near 'her, has resumed her book in thelfond conviction that she will be undisturbed, for the rejst of the morning at least, by impolite afid factious Horses. ' ' . - . , ' ' ' .'. ?'*''.?:?';. ] ^Clie, scene i§ on^f. which .Erwin .ijtirray never forgets, and .often wishes'In th4 ensu ing days that neliad never looked upon. ; (TO Bji.CONilKnED.) ~ ... ? - , :; ? .-?:?;? ?.*???. ,.;../ ' l.-.: ??? .?'.? V- . I r.i.. '''':, ?'' ?'??:??? ..'. \ Two women came forward from their place of refuge. 