SBIT .OF 'WAR ' ROMANCE. " I'm a Mason," said the man of soldierly bearing, when the drummer had finished a -arn, " and am also a soloier, or was in the late war between the states, I was a general of brigade in the union army, and saw some of the romance as well as the reality of war." "There was more reality than romance about it, wasn't there ?" queried the drum mer. "Hather," smiled the soldier, "but it made the romance only the more delightful. I remember on one occasion when we were down in Georgia, where most of the ofice seekers come from now. I was out one morning with a couple of orderlies, riding along a hillside road, which just ahead of us met another coming up from the valley. AR we rode slowly along I heard the sound of a horse's hcofa on the road below and the clanking of a sabie, None of the enemy in force was anywhere near that locality, and I 'felt sure that some, stray confed was riding that way, and we wont ahead till we could command a view of the road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a brand new uniform, bright trappings and a fine sword came by on a beautiful iorse. He was a hanndsome fellow, and all uncohsciors of h's dang(r, was whistling a merry air. Of course, we must capture him, but. how to do it was a question -t first, but we eoon settled oli a quiet little ambnscadd, and in five minutes more we had him covered and he threw up his bands. 4 mbre crestfallen prisoner I nevqr saw thanhat young fellow, and I felt sorry for im,:but I could do nothihg but take him ilong. We liadn't gone far. until he got next to me, with both orderlies, lding some :ards' in advanco,.and he gave me A sign. recognised it on the spot." "' we are.Jalasqns, no said, 'and I want to toll you my story. I know I've got no busincsa 'over . here, practically - in your lines; buut Lm not on a mission of war, but one of love and.'peace 'You see how I'm trieked out in all the beat, I've'got'-and he smiled coensoionsly, and. blshed--' and I exp'ected,to.be married thiseftornoon. The girl Idi-,itfJg'for me now, and don't yoa think it is pretty-hard on.her .for me to be ih this fix ? I had no idea your troops were fo neir.or 1 should.havo slipped n in the night .and got out. again, but iit's too late to talk'j .aput that. now. You've got.me, and her heart. will be breaking while I am shut up.in tome prtion, and is won't be much satisfactirittoyou, will it': " By Oeorg l" went on theigenaral, with moistenEt eyes, ." it stirred thd blood within me as '.listened to that good- looting fellow nod thought of the dear girl waiting for him, : '* " old on a minute,' said I, there's a turn nA hbi road yonder, and when the orderlies get out of sight it you are willing to take h:risk, suppose sou take it.' '.Hae shok my hand silently, and the tears and asliles came togethor. As the orderlies turned the bend the young man turned hig horse and started bach down the road on a dead -run. I gave him a good start and then . banged away at him with my revolver and went after him, but I took the wrong road'at the forks, and my orderlice rtne, after'me as fast as they could; I gueas.-we must have chased back along that road for two'miles or more, bnt we didn't fin that confoindei' rascal aqy. white, and the orderlits hnever suapcctlc that I had' anything p o do with letting him get awvay. At least; they'never, iunitlrned, it in my bearing," anid the general sinired. " What became of hini at last 1" asked the drummer. holding a town in Ttnnessee," continued the general, "and in that town was the rankest old fire-eater I over saw. He was a courtly old chap, but bitterer than gall, and utterly beyond reconstruction. He wouldn't .speak to a bluecoat, and there ,were times when it was almost necessary itopit him under euard for his own sfety. iý.*was too old td be 'oangerous,';bit Qsci :finally, he talked, so we had to (ereat'n; bimt, One'day I w44i almost ktartled dit' 'of)y wits by hlis ominig -into m iek a,-. uaarters. , Hewas white with' aipptpreebs' fteUng;' but he 'mpnaged to 'tell' (le th?at ther a was a lady at his house, a very hnear \nd'- dear relative,, his only daughtdr,' in' fnet, who wanted to see mo.ethat evening at -7 o'clock. He had been very loth to come to a' Yankee, he said, but she insalted, so that he waa compelled to do it, and then ,he: bowed and tent out like. an old king wfth. his crown gone. There was io Es 'planation and I. told' the provost nihrsehal .:ab6t itand said I was going up myself tiI see what it meint. He was sure there was a,'trap laid for md and did not want tne td.po at all; but I told him' outlern hos. .pitality did not betray people and 'I would -go. I went, and as I passed thrqugli tie gate and grounds to the fine old mansion, I saw the shadowy form of my bluecbats all about as silent as ghosts. It was plain .the provost marshal was ready to settle matterl if anything happened to me, floi,' ever, I never let on, hut went in and theo old-man met me at the door, grimly directed ,me into the large, old-fashioned 'parlor and ;tamped off down the great' hall., I went in and a very beautiful young ,woman of 22, 1 should say,,met me half-way peross the room, " You are Gen, -1" skoa aid qdsetion ingly. , . • . . "i'bowed. "' And may I inquire why I have been asked herel' I said, without taklng .te ehairvwbich she graceftlly.paased me, You sci I was half uneasy and dddn't know what might happen. .-. "She smiled. '"'I understand,' she laid, and.stood before Sme. > , ." Tlhe she told inseot th?a yongodflwcr, I had.permitted to eeeapedt': ,; ;' . "'But what has. that to.'do,with thfs tisit ' I asked, for somehow 1 didn't' catch on . * : -.: . "'I.sm hib wife,' she repled, bluhinCg, "and lhe told me if ever it were -possible to see you I must do so and tell you for both of us how grateful we are for your kind S.' . . . . . ." ."Then I began to grasp the ntuation, sac 1 almhost foiell into the chair she had offeed me, and as she talked to me.) ,never wa. so glad of anything in my lifo as that I we? a Mason and he was, unless it was that I had had the ,opportunity of doing a favor for so oharmipg a woman, " For half an hour she talked to me ind then she called in her father, much against his will, but as she told 'him the whore story and her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his fine old face grew aqfter and softer until at. last the tears came, and as she finithed he rose, and conm iig over to me took both my hands in his, and '.after shaking them silently he said: ' Bleg ine, sir, there isn't a southern gentle. man in all this sunny. land who shouldn't be proud to be quch a Ynhliee as you are,' ""I thanked him cordially.for that, and later on.we had something to drink, and thereafter the..old gentleman wasn't the .ame kind of a man any more. "A week ago," concluded the general, "I visited that eouple, living row beaatifully In Atalanta, with four bright and happy children about. them, all grown, and one of thefinest young men you ever uaw anywhere bearing my name. S! Is Mi:ts Tlipp a girl of means ?" Phipps . " Yea; but what I am trying to discover is 'whbither it is yes or no she meana." " Doyou ever have spring chickefn at your boarding-houseo " "Yes, .but they seem? to be a kind of woven.wire springs," She--" A poor painter I Why, hie say that he is wedded to hie art ?" He--"Per baps that is the rtaeon, then, that hle d.ares %rcat her so badly,", ' Tho inan wbhQ et out on the wood pile 'and told funny stories, raxpcting the wood would taplit, evidently did not strikee n ' repqlive chordl,' - Extrint from'JLvdI,etter.-"' o hhuld you fail to rciptocato my 'fec tion, then please to return tiise ltter, in.oruecr tt. I may use .it on tinother,occaaion," S"Itlaeecm t,:;mo," eaid the Congreammao, "that a law Ia tlik a colt. 'eomehody has to break it.before youcan" adlt out whethbr it isb.f :dny good or notl, SAlie ,unglcs--'.I ee that Patti is to minle adotherfrewell tour, I wonder what ,'h will ,aig '" lMiep, Arglca"o"tcubach, I pres~me." pI'ppret'uw. 'itit boy of mine is a erulnoa pitiomrealnon. :Dpahepler (wtaritl~)- 'i whlat ,wni ' r FopF, r-- 'sx ' *erar oli and never ea:d al'right thiog in his 1i:". .JIt-'l've tout lt y u .Iot n.nlo.cy to smume you, '4arllng." the-'."?hoo` kind, of g5u I ,Now I eho.'t mian .uetwh2t you're away." 