r NOTES AND COMMENTS. ByXYZ.J .Sequel to the Taunvorth publicans' boy cott referred to in this column : last Aveek. Public opinion proved to be too strong for the Bonifaces, and so the endeavour to sit upon Mr. Fraser in the Avay proposed for the heinous offence of reducing the price of his drinks has been abandoned. There are, however, more Ways of killing a cat than thrOAving her over your right shoul der, and so in the house opposite to the offending vendor of strong, liquor a system of 2d'; drinks. has been . established.. No doubt if this does not; work, the tAvopenny. man; being backed up by . the long purses, of the .twenty-one other hotel keepers | in the town will come. doAvn to half and quar ter that price. Perhaps, indeed, in the near future thirsty ones may be actually paid 'for consuming .beer, in the . pretty township on the Peel River. The quarrel is a very, pretty one as it stands. A spirited and interesting discus sion Ims been initiated by a smartly con ducted Victorian paper on the question as .to Avliether the. Australian does or dofts not 'eat too much animal food. The advocates in the negative, seem so far- to ..have!, been. beaten hands down. A niedical man of high standing gives about the finishing stroke to the. controversy,, f or he says, in somewhat the saiiie words .as . an American: writer uses, t.Iiat the effect, of a surplus of nieat in our .diet is to.make us, nervous, -and ' stimulate, the poivers of the mind and body for the time to do Avork j beyond the .strength of the body. It is- somewhat analogous to the use .of spirituous stimu lants in breaking down the nervous system. The evil effect is seen when European pea sants,- avIio have been reared oil a diet of milk iand. vegetables, cohie to this country and adopt our stimulating diet of meat. ; They are strong 'and-' ruddy Avhen they come :o\rer, and after ii Toav, years are pale, nervous, and too often confirmed inebriates. No' wonder tlie -Victorians are growing heartily : sick of protection and all its \yprks and- Ways.' A Alelbourne composi tor,. Avho: for the last six years lias been employed ih: Sydney, paid a visit to the southern: city a feAV Weeks ago, staying there a whole fortnight. He returned to his work in Sydney, and his Avords Avould form a: nice, epitaph for a protec tionist's tombstone;: " Look lure, nearly every third man you. meet in the streets of Alelbourne now has his toes, through his boots, and the worsf is to come." . He added that the streets were cro.Avded Avitli people that had nothing to. do,, and said anyone arriving in the city Avith .. a .little money to spend Avas looked on as: a curi osity. People may. pooh, pooh the idea of ghosts as long as they like, but after all is said and done, there is deep doAvn .in the minds of everyone of us just- a tiny , grain of superstitious feeling. Stead Avith ' his "True ghost stories," boomed, the old time theory, but still it will come as a surprise to some -to -learn that the beliefin haunted houses is. so strong in Sydney as to' keep' a charming: residence : at- Boridi empty for a lengthened -period. 'y Of ; all: places in the world the matter Was brought up in the Supreme ; Court; Avhere, on Wednesday last, some' depositions taken in one of the loAver courts Avere read: One of the state ments was that a particular house at Bondi had: not : been tenented for six years. " It is haunted, it has a ghost in it," was the explanation on the depositions. Here is a chance, for some; enterprising journalist to "make a sensation by laying, the "ghost," or .'dying of fright in the attempt. Journalism is apparently in a bad Avay in some quarters on the Alanning. At Taree : the Independent , the protectionist .paper, has been, retrenched down to four pages :in- each issue,; thus leaAung the. Times,. which comes out on Saturdays Avith 12 pages; practically in possession of tlie field. At Winghain the people seeinito be complaining :that two- journals arc too mdch I for1, tliein to1 support, and so there is a':fight- for life going on there between- the rival- organs. Tlie Chronicle in a leading article naively says " We cannot consciencibusly (sic) recommend our Contemporary aS a - suitable and fearless representative1 journal for the interests of this important centre.'-' The idea of one newspaper " consciehciously " recommend ing the opposition is rather good, but then one occasionally sees some funny things in. print. . Both tlie' "Wingham journals Avould be. 'worth supporting if— they had about 75 per cent, more original matter in them and did not depend so much upon the eternal scissors and paste. There is always something doing at Alaclean to arouse public attention. The latest case is Avhere a man named Leeder Was .charged Avith 'stealing a pair of boots: the property of Air. 15. de P. O'Kelly, a'alued at £2. It appears that a short time ago while staying at Greaves' Hotel, the accused Was' suffering from wearing' tight boots, and on' stating so to a servantgirl, was told to go to an old cupboard in the house where he AVould find some boots1 and from Avhieli lie lfiight- select a pair to fit him. He did this, and believing that the boots which he took had been left behind at tlie hotel continued to Avear them until Mr. O'Kelly identified them at Harwood and gave' him into custody. There, was clearly no felonious intention but the Bench con sidered that there Avas no other- course opeii than to convict, and accordingly im posed a fine of 10s. To show, hoAvever their, belief in Leeder's innocence, the magistrates paid the fine themselves. : 