Humors of a Quiet Trip UP THE WILLIAMS RIVER. SOME EARLY REMINISCENCES. AND OLD IDENTITIES. At the limit of navigation on the Wil- liams River is a quiet, old-fashioned place called Clarence Town - both river and town being named, doubtless, after William IV. The writer knows the old town and its people well, and has a regard for both, born of long acquaintance and many con- genial associations. No one has ever known Clarence Town either to retrograde or progress very much. Booms there are unknown, and only a flood like that which lately swept down the river could be said to seriously affect the old town. And this last flood was one to be remembered. But it's not about floods that I am now going to discourse. There's something about Clarence Town and the journey to and from it calculated to set you musing, especially if you know anything of the place. If you don't, you might not im- probably vote it dull, and perhaps you would be right. The prevailing characteristic of the town is-what shall I call it? Repose. Repose is the word. It applies equally to the town, the river, and the people -to the latter particularly. So reposeful are they that, though their district is an agricul- tural one, they don't even grow their own potatoes. What do they live on ? you ask. Principally cream, eggs, pigs, and timber ; all of which they find decidedly profitable, especially the pigs, much more so than potato growing or other agricultural pursuits. But about the journey there. You get in a trim little river steamer at Newcastle, the Cooreei, Captain James Miller, com- mander, and she whisks you off up the Hunter as far as Raymond Terrace ; thence you turn into the beautiful winding Williams, one of the prettiest streams you ever saw; up the Williams to Seaham, past the Porphyry vineyard, and on and on, turning and winding by the reed fringed banks, till you are landed at your destination, having stopped every now and then to unload something for the farmers on the way, principally Warrnambool or Circular Head potatoes. You have travelled about 40 miles, and have done the journey including stoppages, in four hours and a half. Happy the country that has no history Clarence Town is happy. It has no history only legends and old identities. Some curious customers found their way up the Williams to this quiet spot. The founders of Clarence Town, those who left the impress of their .energies upon it, were men of sterling character-representative pioneer settlers whose names are held in honor whenever mentioned. There was Marshall and Mossman, and William Lowe, and Thomas Holmes among the earliest, and later on Stephen N. Dark, who représented the district in one of the first Parliaments under Constitutional Government. But it is hardly of such types of old identities that I have now to deal. What early Clarencetowner doesn't re member Ned Kelly, the quaint but quarrel some little Irishman, with his rich brogue his stick, his wit, and his blarney ; or that maudlin, rum-drinking sot, Charlie Jones a remarkable example of a wasted life. Charlie, after he had turned the allotted span of three score and ten, usually slept in the ashes of the old mill fire place under the furnace. His chief sustenance was rum, and he lived to be nearly a hundred years old! He was at last re- moved to one of the Government asylums, where he passed the remainder of his days. Then there was Phillip Kitchen, the " Wandering Jew," and little Constable Connolly, whose standing threat, "I'll take you to the Pattherson," was the dread of law breakers and Davie Farquhar, the mad postmaster, with his curious habit of ejaculating " Eh, what-what, what-what?" when asked for a letter. Above all there was the Waterloo veteran, Mat Gooch with his fund of military anecdote and his doggerel rhymes. Mat lived for a time in the bush just out of the town, on a lone eminence known as Humbug Hill, and came in from his retreat periodically for his spree, when he passed the time pleas antly enough telling stories of Bony, and Wellington, and Waterloo, drinking rum, and when " half-seas over " reeling off original rhymes. His principal occupation was that of a sawyer, but he was ready to turn his hand to any ordinary bush or rough town work. He must also have been something of a pig merchant, as the following fearful impromptu would seem to show:- O, Captain Beale ; O, Captain Beale, If you my pigs throw overboard, You shall this waddy feel. Captain Beale was skipper of the Ben Bolt, an old tub whose ungainly paddle boxes gave her a hump-backed appearance irre- sistibly comic even in those early days. But Mat was more in his element when inspired by military recollections. Thus - At Waterloo we thrashed the French, You should see them cut and run, sirs ; O, what a thirst we had to quench, And that was the best of the fun, sirs. Mat was an enthusiastic and loyal Briton - but everyone was loyal in those halcyon days, and all the happier for. it -and he used to pour forth his loyalty over his glass of rum on Queen's Birthday in this fashion -- Come, drink to the health of our noble young Queen, Mat Gooch is a sawyer and still to be seen. I well remember the news being brought to the old soldier of Wellington's death. It was a beautiful morning -the Christmas Day of 1852. News from Home came very slowly in those days. He was sitting at the door of his little hut smoking his pipe. They broke the news gently to him. It nearly broke the old soldier's heart. He DEMOCRACY'S ATTITUDE. was never the same man after. Poor old Mat ! It was not long before he followed his great general in his silent campaign. There was another old identity who " established a record,' as the sporting scribes say, in the early days of Clarence Town-Mundiva the blackfellow. Physi- cally, Mundiva was a splendid speci- men of an aboriginal. He stood six feet high, had a magnificent frame, and wielded a fearful waddy and a commanding influence in his tribe. He was a terror to blacks and whites alike, and had a large share of both cunning and courage. Mundiva, was, in his way, a gallant—an enthusiastic admirer of the ladies, especially white ladies. More than one involuntary trip to the Maitland ses- sions had that ebullient black to make to answer for his all too ardent and primitive methods of making love to his white neighbors' wives and daughters. I recollect once a queer trick that was played on him. One of the townsmen had in his garden a fine show of chillies just ripening. Mundiva's curiosity was excited about them. "That fellow budgerie, massa ? " " Oh, budgerie ! You try him ! " " You try one first," said the cautious but curious black. One was tried. A green one, with no strength. Mundiva was satisfied. He took one just turning red. It looked tempting, and Mundiva bolted it. Then was Hades to pay among the whole tribe. Mundiva roared as if a devil had got inside him. He rushed to the nearest waterhole to cool his mouth. It was fuel to the fire, and the maddened black roared and yelled like a frenzied bull. The gins howled and screeched, and the town must have thought that Pandemonium was let loose. A glass of rum cooled his coppers and soothed his rage. Next day Mundiva passed the garden where he had been so shamefully tricked. His betrayer held up a fine ripe chillie. " You have another one, Mundiva ? " "No fear. That murri saucy fellow that. To much like'm debil debil." Though assuredly no coward, there were two things against which Mundiva's courage was never proof—a policeman and a gun. Before little Peter Connolly in his uniform he used to quake with fear, and of a gun he had something of a superstitious dread. Any old woman with a broken musket in her hand was more than a match for him. It has to be recorded to Mundiva's credit that he wasn't hanged or shot, as certain white fellows often pre- dicted, and as he richly deserved. It is true he killed many of his comrades, sometimes for the fun of the thing, some- times over the sable virgins and other gins of the camp. Yet he had the privilege of dying a peaceful death in his native wilds at a good old age—the last of his tribe. The old town looks pretty much as it did a quarter of a century ago, only Time's effacing finger can be seen to have touched some of the early landmarks, and the local architecture has become modernised here and there Twice at least in its history has this peaceful old town been startled out of its propriety. It has to its account two memorable murders, and has had strange occasion to remember them. It is now many years since. Not more superstitious are its people than the average of mankind ; yet many a level- headed man and sensible woman has his and her experience to relate of uncanny sights seen and mysterious sounds heard at the scene of those crimea. How often travel- lers have come into town with faces blanched with fear and with strange experiences to relate any old Clarence towner can tell you. 1 declare myself entirely sceptical on the subject of supernatural visitations, and lean to the belief that such ghost stories as are not pure fiction or the product of disordered imaginations are capable of some sort of rational explanation. I have never myself seen a ghost, but that is neither here nor there. What I am now about to relate in connection with one of these Clarencetown murders I do not pre- tend to be able to offer any explanation of. I only know that the facts are as I shall state them, and as they are known to, per- haps, every soul in the district. The first murder was that of a settler named M—. He was foully done to death and his body burned to cinders. One of tbe parties to the crime was hanged for it. The scene of the murder has ever since been known as Dead Man's Creek. That the spirit of the murdered man used to appear at Dead Man's Creek is a settled belief among scores, a belief founded, not upon hearsay, but upon what they themselves had actually seen. Their statements are pretty much the same as those of the general run of ghost seers, and I need not detail them. But a tradition prevailed that a woman who was believed to have been an accom- plice in the crime was, for the remainder of her life, haunted by the presence on the hob of her chimney of a singed black cat. The other murder is far more remark- able and the testimony more circumstantial, and, besides, more abundant. A short dis- tance out of town, on the road to Glen william, lived a settler and his wife named Nelson. With, or near, them, I forget which, resided a man known as Paddy the Soldier. Nelson and Paddy had been on the spree in town one day, and they had quarrelled. Mrs. Nelson was last seen alive in the town that day ; she was then wearing a dress of some light material and had a plaid shawl over her shoulders. Her body was found buried in the bush under a heap of stones some little distance from where she and her husband lived. It had been dragged some distance, and the spot where she was murdered was clearly traced. The last man hanged down in Newcastle was Paddy the Soldier, and he was executed for the murder of Mrs. Nelson. But the crime was not to soon die out of recollection. For years after the scene of it was a dreaded spot, and few travellers cared to pass by it after nightfall. O'er all there hung the shadow of a fear, A sense of mystery the spirit daunted, Which said, as plain as whisper in the ear, The place is haunted. Columns could be filled with the state- ments of persons who had witnessed the most uncanny sights and heard the most mysterious sounds when passing the spot. One or two instances must suffice. A hard-working, hard-headed, respectable bullock-driver, " Brotcher" Campbell, drove his team hastily up to the door of one of the public-houses one evening, shortly after dark, and rushed into the bar in a state of abject terror, trembling in every limb, his face blanched with fear. " For God's sake give me a glass of rum,' he gasped out. " Why, what's the matter ? You look as if you'd seen a ghost." That's just it," he said. " I have seen one." He gulped down his liquor, and related what had befallen him. It was just dark as Brotcher drove his team, after a hard day's work, along tbe Glenwilliam-road. As he neared the town he noticed a woman with a plaid shawl over her shoulders walking behind his dray. Brotcher, in accordance with the usual custom on the road, invited the traveller to take a seat in his dray. He received no answer, and, to his surprise, as he turned to the woman after stopping his dray, she was not to be seen. He searched round everywhere, but could discern not a living soul. Thinking he might be mistaken, Brotcher drove on, but a few minutes after, on again looking back, he plainly saw the same figure walking quietly behind his dray, as before. This time he went straight up to her, and, with more deliberation, invited her to take a seat in his dray. He had scarcely finished speaking when the figure again vanished ; nor was the slightest trace of it again seen. Campbell had often heard of an apparition of the kind at this spot, always a woman with a plaid shawl over her shoulders ; but, being a sceptic in such matters, treated what he had heard as idle figments. But he was now terrified into a belief, against his sober judgment, that he had actually seen the spirit of the murdered Mrs. Nelson, and he maintained that belief to his dying day. Brotcher Campbell's experience was with some slight variations that of scores of others. Sometimes the figure of the same woman, with a plaid shawl thrown over hej shoulders, would be seen sitting on a log on the roadside, always near the scene of the murder and about dusk, mysteri- ously vanishing when approached ; at others, strange noises would be heard, of which no rational explanation could be given. Strange to relate, as years went by the objeot of terror, whatever it was, though frequently seen, became a less fearsome thing. It took the human shape less frequently ; sometimes it was a cat, at others a goat, and latterly a bird. To be sure, it needs no ghost come from the grave to do the disappearing trick at dusk where oats and birds are so plentiful. But how are we to explain what I am about to relate? It was barely dusk ; the sun had just declined behind the trees one . evening, when a young man and his sister came riding homewards on horeeback along the Glenwilliam-road. As they approached the spot where so many had been fright- Lady Ilchester's Masked Ball at Holland House. ened out of their wits, they suddenly saw a tall young woman, well known to to them, chasing a white cockatoo, and apparently trying to catch it. They spurred their horses on to see whether the girl would succeed in capturing the bird. The bush hereabouts is but lightly timbered, and both girl and bird could be easily seen. There was no place where they could hide, yet, all of a sudden, both disappeared as if by magic, leaving no trace behind. The girl lived with her parents about a stone's throw away, and the horseman and horse- woman, after searching about and wonder- ing at what they had seen, rode over to the house and made inquiries about her and her bird adventure. To their astonish- ment, the girl's mother informed them that her daughter was at that moment, and had been for several days, many miles away from home up the river, on a visit to some friends. To this day that bird-chasing mystery has never been solved. There was no other young girl living in the imme- diate neighborhood, and from the tall figure of the particular person seen, there was no possibility of mistaking her. The fact remained that girl and bird mysteriously disappeared at the very spot where Mrs. Nelson was murdered ! Mrs. Nelson's ghost has of late years, I am told, left off playing such ridiculous pranks as are here recorded, and if not effectually " laid " has voluntarily ceased to revisit the glimpses of the moon on the Glenwilliam-road. * * * * I must wind up my reminiscences now. We get on board steamer again, and as we start on our return journey it is as though leaving some region of romance for one of reality. We are exchanging green fields, and woods, and winding creeks, and the songs of birds for bricks and mortar, and the hum, and rattle, and dust of thronged streets. One can realise the transformation before ever leaving the placid Williams. We stop at various jetties on the way down to take in passengers or some produce ; on one of these is a sleepy, lazy-looking youth with a large can by his side. He calls out " Tell S— to send us up a bag of potatoes." He is advised by some official on the steamer that potatoes are very dear just now-8s a cwt. The sleepy youth reflect a moment and then says " Oh, well, tell him to send them." Once more, why don't these people grow their own potatoes? A little farther down the river, on another jetty, stands an elderly settler, who accosts the captain thus — " Hi, captain I Can you load a cow ? " " Can I load a cow ? " asked the aston- ished skipper. " Do you mean can I take a cow on board ? " " Aye, that's it." " Is she a quiet cow ? " No response. " If she's quiet," the skipper continues, " send her along and we'll try." " "Very well," ' observes the man on the jetty. " Call next time you're going down and I'll have her ready." It was some comfort to know that we were not to have the excitement of ' load- ing a cow' that trip. And the little steamer puffed on her way down stream. J. A. H. 