A GOLDEN PRAYER. A SERMON by C. H. SPUEGEOS. " Father, glorify Thy name."—John sii. 28. In tbe first part of my discourse I shall strictly keep to my text, as the words cf our Lord Jesus Christ, and endeavour to show what it teaches UJ with regard to Him. These are His own words, and it would be a robbery to borrow them ontil first we have seen what they meant as they fell from His lips. Their most golden meaning must be seen in the light of His sacred countenance. Then, in tbe second part of my sermon I shall try to point out how tbe petition before us may be used by ourselves, and I pray that Divine grace may be given us that it may be engraven upon onr hearts, and that ea.h one of us may be taught by the Holy Sp . it daily say for Himself, "Father, giorifj ihy nauia." would suggest that these words sho.:! l be to ell the Lord's people their prayer through^.. life. It v.iii as well beseem the beginner in grace as tha ri;j LelitVi r, it vill be proper both at tha wicket-gate of faith and at tiie portals of glory. Lite a k»el rainbow let the prayer, " Father, glorify Thy name,' overarch the wiiol- periuj ofou;- jife mi earui. ] cannot suggest a better petition foriuiv moment of our pilgrimage. As for th» " i'a'iiier, glurify Thy name;" in ttie present luul this desire unto Thv servants, and in the future do it yet more abundantly. 1\. Let us look, then, at the words, first of all, in respect to our Lord Jesus Christ. Ttiey occur in the following connection. He Had wrought a notable miracle in the raising of Lazarus from the dead. The fame of the miracle bad attracted man; to hear Him; enthusiastic crowds had gathered, and he had become so extremely popular that the Pharisees said, "lhe world hath gone after Him." The people were willing to have made Him a King, and a great concourse met Him with branches of palm-trees and cried, " Hosanna; blessed is the King of Ierael that cometh in the nime of tbe Lord." Our Lord passed in royal but humble pomp through the streets of Jerusalem, tiding upon a colt, tbe foal of an ass. This public manifestation, the renown of tbe miracle, and the general talk of the populace led to strangers hearing of Him, and enquiring about Him; to that certain intelligent (ireeka of a very respectable older—for their mod.) of address to Phiiip shows their superior behaviourat&ed; to be introduced to Him. Xbey would "see Jesus," not, of course, merely see Uim in the street, for that tbey cenld co if they pleased without uj'plj ir.g to Philip; but they would have an incertiew »iili Uiin, anil learn more about liis teaching aud liis cairns. 1 suppose th^t the eight of these oieeks greatly gladdened tbe heart ol t ie Saviour, lor lie delighted to see men coming to the light, lie seeded to say witbin Himself, "Behold, tbe nations come to Me; the Ueutiles arise and seek •.heir Sa\ iour." lie saw in thobe Greeks the advance £U<i:d of tbe Gentile world, lie looktd upon the .•Hangers delight, regarding them as representative men, tlic lirst ol in>riads who from the ends of tbe eav- h and the islands cf the sea ahouid come ttccLiiig to fiiiu, to behold tbe gljry of (iod in tbe fr ee o: Jesus (Jurist. Cur Lord rejoiced in spirit; liis heart v.as ^lad within iiiui, tuil He bdu-jQ to addicts lilmselt lo Lhe premie lound ab--ut anu to ll.e Gieet>, who mingled wiin the thiol;;;. At tijit very iiiouient tbe ibou^ht ti tilled across tbe .Saviour'd iniiii, 'ii:H ih-.-.e nations uhoaretobe born unto JVIe a^id to be saved by hit-, oa -no* be so i.oiii vitliout binhpaiigs, nor saved est-ep; 1 endure upspeakable suffering as their Kedeeiiier." I shall want to call your attention briefly here, first, to the trouble of the Redeemer's soul. I always tremble within myself when I try to speak of the inner conflicts of our blessed Lord, for it is so easy to make a mistake and darken counsel by words without knowledge. His person is complex, and therefore we readily confuse, yet He Himself Is but one, and it is equally dangerous to make overnice distinctions. Loving jealousy of our Lord's honour makes us feel that we scarcely know how to speak of him. I remember an earnest admirer of art who in pointing with his walking-stick to the beauties of a famous picture pushed his cane through the canvas and ruined it; and it is possible that in our enthusiasm to point out the beauties and points of interest in the life and death of onr Lord we may spoil it all. This much is clear, that our Saviour's heart was full of trouble. He who could still the sea and bid tbe storms retreat was tempest tossed in His own soul, and cast about Him for anchorage. Master of all worlds, supreme amongst the angels, and adored at His father's light hand, yet He confesses, " Now is My &oul; troubled. Lord of all, yet learned He obedieuce by the things which He suffered. How near akin it nibkes Him to us! How human! How compassed with infirmity! Ye worship Hiin, and rightly so, but still He is a man and a mourner. Ye call Him Master and Lord, and ye do well, yet He not only washed His'disciples' feet but His own feet tiembled in the rough places of the way. He felt those same commotions of spirit which makes our hearts sad witbin us and causes us to pour out our souls witbin us. Do not think of the Lord Jesus otherwise than a dear brother born for adversity, or a faithful husband sharing all our lot, being bone of our bone and fiesh of oar flesh. Jesus also understands by sympathy what it is you mean. Do you look around you and feel that you know not what to do, and does your trembling heart suegest that yon should pray, " Father, cave me from this hour?"—in all this you may see the Well Beloved's footprints—you are nit upon a new and strange track, He leads you through no darker rooms than He went through before. With tbe like afflictions He has been afflicted; there is nothing in themnovel or surprising to His sympathetic heart. Let me invite you lo consider that not only did our Lord thus suffer, but it is joyful to reflect that He suffered all this without sin. Hence it follows that mental conflict is not in itself sinful; even the shrinking back of the flesh from suffering is not necessarily evil; mid the question, " What shall I say?" and the apparent distraction of the spirit for the moment as to what shall be its course are not in themselves criminal. There could be no sin in the Lord Jesus, and consequently there is not of necessity sin in our inward struggles, though I am very far from venturing to hope that in any one of them we are quite clear of fault. Our Lord's nature was so pure that however much it was stirred it remained clear; but in our case, though the stiiring is not sinful, it sets in motion the sin which dwelleth in us, and we are defiled. Yet I do not believe that all those depressions of spirit which come of sickness, that all those wanderings of mind in the heat of fever, that all those shrinkiiigs and drawings back from pain, which are essential to our humanity, are by our Heavenly Father set down as sin, though sin is doubtless mixed with them. If they be sinful in themselves, yet surely they are blotted out as soon as written down, for "like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear Him." He pitieth rather than censures or condemns. Ye do not judge your children hardly for •Rhat tbey say when they are racked with pain or prostrated by weakness; you bear with their little fancies and pevishnesses, and the like, and vou never taunt them with their follies afterwards ; neither can I think that our Heavenly Father would have us doubt our interest in Christ because in our semi delirium we could not realize His love, nor would he have us question the grace which is in us because our feverish thoughts were near akin to despair. When the true heart struggles to love aLd trust aud obey, but the poor brain ia tortured v itb dark thoughts the conflict is not all sinful, nor any of it necesrarily so. 1 here may be an awful stiuggle in the soul, and yet the Father may be glorified. The sin lies not in the conflict but in 'h9 oefeat, if defeat there be; the Kuilt is not in the sLiirking from pain, but in permitting that natural ftelinc to hinder us from duty or to lead us to rebel against chastisement. " If it be possible let this cup pass from Me ' is not a sinful utterance if it be followed by "nevertheless not as I will, but as Thou wilt." I feel so glad to think our Lord wben he was passing throo^E this inward conflict spoke out His feelmgs. It is instruotive that He should have done so, lor with Bis strength of mind He was quite capable of preserving a self- contained attitude and ke^, mg , Dis ag<my to Himself; yet , oa notice that 1 neither here, in which case He spoke so that others ; i^d hW nor at a Gcthsemkne, in whicli cose i Be look three of His disciples to be with Him, and ! went to them again and again toe sympatay; nor j even on the cross, in which case He cried aloud:— I " i God, my tiod, why hast Cticu forsaken meV" Ke endeavour to conceal His emotion from H? that by this He intended to , teacli us wisdom: He would show us by His own | example t!,at it is wsll for us not to too much I shut up wiiliin ourselves. Smother not your sorrow, tell ii ont, or it may gather on ungovernable heat, That is the worst of ^rief, which cannot weep or i 11 "^- Draw u 2-t lie sluices, Rive a vent to pant up T Z ) ^ ^ 6 a h eard > A ctntiafegaSl the heat withm tiie soul. Act not the su ic's par ; be not ashamed to let it be known that, ynu are a niau.auian u hocan grieve and be t roubled even a- others. It may sometimes be well to iolloiv I be pott s advice who says— " Bear and still bear and sileDt be, 'fell no man thy misery." But 1 question if the occasions are very frequent. At au> rate, such is cot the commind of oar Lord, nor does His example point iu that direction. Jn lli'tstl speaking . ;,it ocr Lord gives us a full peni.it to speak to-.. Y. e might liaie said, •' A'o, I will not ten V hr.t is going on within lest uiv weakness should ssi in to dishonour God." Now, weknow that our Lord m i not dishonour the Father by sayiug, "Now is M:. trouble J," and bv revealing the inwaid cw-iiict of His soul; neither will tilts fact of our speaking oul grief necesb&'ily dishonour our tiod. Jescswepl, ana v.e may weep. Jesus told cut Ills, sorrow to His friends, and you may do til" same. In thus speaking our Lord alon g us the best of help, for liis fellow-feeling is a grand support. l)id lie sa>, " Now is My soul troubled?' ind did He icarce knew what to ask? But did Ue at tbe last still triumph and resign Himself into the Father's liar.ds? llien, girt about by tbe selfsame power, we also will encounter the same sorrow after our measure and endure until we triumph as He did. Jtvcn though in the triumph there should be clear evidence of our personal weakness, yet we will not regret it, since by that means curUod shall be tbe more surely gloritied by the more db,t net revelation of His pow er. 1 will ..say no more about the trouble of our Redeemer, because I would now ask you to fix your thoughts for a minute upon the firm resolve which the text sels forth. There is a btttle, but from the very first moment to the last of it there is really no question in the Saviour's mind about \vha.t He means to de; Bis purpose was settled beyond disturbance. The surface of his mind Mas ruffled, but deep down in Eis heart the current of the Redeemer's soul flowed on irresistibly in the ordained channel. He was even straitened till He had been baptised niih the appointed baptism. Observe tbe question raised, and see how really it was answered in His heart before He asked it. "Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? lather, save me from this hour." Must men be unsaved and Jesus be delivered from tbe towering storm? If so, yonder Greeks need notask to see Him, for there will be no " life in a look" at Him. Tbe disciples round about need not cling to aim as their helper, for there is no help iu Him, unless he dies toredeem the SOUB of men. Shall men, then, be unredeemed? Shall the blood of atonement be uospilt, and no man be ransomed frcm going down to the pit? Shall He remain i? e i t,ie Rraitl of «heat unsown? If lie doth, He will be happy enough and glorious enough, for Heaven is all His own. Does lie need men to make Him blessed? Does he require worms of the dust to make Him glorious? bhould he remiia alone He will etill be God and Lord. But shall the death penally be left to be birae by men, guilty men, who deserve to bear it ? i Khali there be no cross, no Calvarv, no open tomb, no resurrection, no gates of Heaven set wide open ft r coming souls? There is the que-tion, and you see in the text how resolutely Jesus bad settled it. He says in effect—" Father, glorify Thy name by my death; for thw purpose have I come to ibis hour, that by my agony and bloody sweat, by my cross and passion, 1 cay redeem "the sons of men. Redeemed tliey must and shall be, cost me what it may. I have resolved to bear the penalty, ar.d magnify Thy Jaw, and I will perform it, thouch hell itself be let loose against me and all its waves of fire dash over me. I will endure the cross aud despise tbe shame to honour Thee, my Father." Observe right well that the text indicates the deep intent which steadied our Lord's resolve. Whj is Christ resolved to die ? Is it to save men ? Yes, but not as the chief reason. His first prayer is not "Father, save Thy p.-ople," but •• Father, glorify Thy name." The gloiy of God was the chief end and object of our Saviour's life and death. I: is that the Father's name may be illustrious that Jesus would have souls redeemed, liis passion hod for its main Intent the exhibition of the attributes of God. And how completely He has glorified Jehova h's name! Upon the cross we see the Divine justice in (he wounds of the Great Substitute, for the Hon of God must needs die when sin is laid upon Him. There also you behold infinite wisdom, for what but infallible wisdom could have devised the way wheieby God might be just and yet the justifier of him *iiat believeth. There, too. is love—rich, free boundless love—naver so conspicuous as in the death of man's Bedeemer. Till this diy it still remains a question concerning the atonement which I.f ii..- letters test is writ, the justice, t'je wisdom, or the love. In the atonemt nt ths divine attributes are all so pelfectiy glorified that no one crowds out the i.iliLi ; each one has its full display without in the least degree diminishing the glory of any other. Or.i iuesseil Lord, that the Father might be glori- ><<<*, i lithe J onto the endwhi.li He had set before liiu!. Whatever conflict inithtb? within liis spirit Ili- heart was tired upon bearing to the death our loail, and suffering to'lie end our penalty. I!. Now we will" use our text in reference ta ourselves. Sometimes we are in such a condition that we do not know which way to turn. We are in great £ miction; it may not be so much ontward trouble as uistress of mind, which is worst of all. The watar h:;s leaked into the ship, and that is worse than an ocean outside. Tile vessel begins to fill; you use the pumps, but cf.r.not keep it under. At such times vou cry. "Wlmt shall I do?. What shall I say? Where can I lock'! I am oppressed and overwhelmed?" But there is au end of the conflict when ;ou turn round and cry, "Father! Father'." A child may have lost its way, and it may be sobbing its heart out in its distress; but the moment it sees its lather it is lost no longer, it has found its way and ie at rest. Though there may be no difference in your positon nor change in your circumstance?, yet if you catch a sight of your Heavenly Father it is enough; you are a lost child r.o more. Wlisn you can pray, " Father, glorify Thy name," then there is co more question about " What shall I say?" You have said the light thing, and there let it ecd. Our text breathes a spirit which is the surrender <fself. When a man can truly say, "Father, glorify Thy name," he bepir s to understand that saving cf our Saviour concerning the corn of wheat falling into the ground and dying, tor that prayer means, "Lord, do what Thou wilt with me. I will n ake no stipulations, but leave all to Thee. Renumber that I am dust, and deal tenderly with me, but still glorify Thy name. Do not spare me, if therehy Thou wouldstbe less glorious. Act not according to my foolish wishes or childish desires, I ut glorify Tby name in me by any means and by all means." The prayer means—I am willing to be made nothing of, so that Thy will may be done. 1 am willing to be as one dead and buried, forgotten and unknown, if Thou mayest be magnified. I .vn ready to he buried and sown because I believe that this is tbe nay by which I shall grow and bring f«!iHi fruit to Thy praise. This surrender includes obedient service, for our great Master goes on to say, "If any m m serve Me, let him follow Me." True self-renunciation shows itself in the obedient imitation of Christ. "Father, glorify Thy name," means waiting the Lord's biddirg and running in His ways. If the petition be written out at length, it runs thus:—"Help me to copy my Saviour's example, help me to follow in His blessed footsteps! This is my desire; passively to honour my Heavenly Father by bearing His will, and actively to glorify Him by doing His wilL Lord help me to do both of these, and never let me be forgetful that I am not my own, but wholly my Lori'.'- 1 - prayer appears to me to be most properly v, hen it is made a personal one—" Father, y Thy name in me. I am the recipient of so merry, get some glory out of me, I pray Thee." We desire the Loid to glorify that name in ourselves by preventing our impatience in suffering, and keeping us from faintness in labour. We beseech our Heavenly Father to destroy our selfishness, to cast out our pride, and to overcome every evil propensity which would prevent ilia getting glory out of us. h'ov, see how that care is divested of all sorrow by our casting it upon God. The prayer ii not l ather, help me to glorify Thy namu," but it is " Father, glorify Thy name"—Thyself. 'J by glory is too much lor me to compass, do Xhou gloriiy Thine own self. In Ihy providence so arrange iny position end condition as to glorify Thy name. By Tby grace so sustain mo, and sanctity me, that I may glorify Thee. I cannot do it, but Thou canst, and the care which I was glad to feel 1 am glad also to bring by faith to Thee. And now if you can pray in that fashion your confidence will come back to you; if you have been greatly distracted calm peace will visit you again, lor now you will say, "I will bear the Lord's will and will be content therewith. I cannot quarrel uith Master's dealings any more, for I have asked Him to glorify Bis name, a&d; as I know that He is doing it, I cannot murmur. Hoiv can I struggle against that which is really glori r ying my Father? Your heart will cease to question and to quake, and nestle down beneath tbe eternal wings in deep and happy peace. Why, sometimes it seems to me that it were worth while ro pray to be burned at a stake, quick to the death, if by martyrdom we could glorify God. I could not desire such a death, anu yet from one point of view I have often envied martyrs those ruby crowns which they cast at the feet of their dear Lord. How honourable in them to have glorified God by so much suffering. Surely he is the grandest creature God has made who glorities Him most. And who is he? >"Gt the tsdl archangel of whom Milton sn:_s, whose wand might make a mast for some great admiral, but the mjst insignificant nobody, wuo has lato long upon her bed of weariness, and there lias praised the Lard by perfect patience:— fcbe, though apparently tbe least, may be the greatest gloiifier of the Father. That which most thoroughly yields itself to God, that which most completely annihilates itself into tbe eternal All—is most glorifying to Him. May God of His infinite mercy bring us to this selfannihilation, this care for his glory only. Strive after it, beloved, by the powers of the Holy Ghost. 