NED KELLY THE BUSHRANGER IN ARMOUR. \----+-- CHAPTER I. A PLAN TO WIN TWO THOUSAND POUNDS It was on the afternon of our shortest day, the 24th of June, that I, a mounted trooper of the Victorian Constabulary, cantered u' to the. Bunyip Inn at Glenrowan, after a ride of fifty miles, to get supper for myself and a feed for my horse. Now, what we call supper out in Australia you'd call tea at home in old England for it's partaking of something as early as six o'clock, and in general consists of fried mutton chops or beef-steaks, boiled potatoes, damper cake, and as much tea sweetened with brown sugar as a fellow likes to swill himself with. There's not often milk, but the tea ain't spared. Now, if you were Australian instead of English lads you'd be called cornstalks, and being cornstalks you'd wonder why I, a mounted trooper, should draw rein and put up at the Bunyip Inn, where I'd have to pay for all I ate and drank, instead of riding on to the police camp at the other end of the township, where I'd get a good supper and a .shake-down for nothing. Well, then, I may as well tell you first as last that I did so because I was in love with Polly Jones, the landlord's only daughter, as pretty and proper a lass of eighteen as either the old or the new world could produce. We had been courting for two years and I hadn't seen her for six months, and as I had only two hours to spend at Glenrowan, having made up my mind to press on twenty- five miles further to Galungah that night, it's no wonder, is it, that I gave preference to the "Bunyip" over the police camp ? Resigning my charger to Nardoo, the black fellow who performed the united offices of ostler and boots, I stalked into the bush shanty with spurs ringing and sabre clanking, and the next instant had my dear girl in my arms, which was a treat, I can just tell you. I'd never seen her look so pretty before, I thought. She had promised to be slight, but now she'd filled out as plump as a partridge, and. looked just the sort of girl that you feel inclined to go mad over in painted pictures. She didn't seem half so pleased with my appearance as I was with hers. "I'll never let you kiss me again until you've shaved off that horrid beard, Jack," said she, "I hate all men with beards—they're like beasts." I knew my girl well enough to know that that little speech was a rap for someone else besides me, for Polly's one failing was a trick of talking at people she didn't like. So I just glanced round the parlor, on the threshold of which this little scene had taken place, and there I espied, sitting in an easy-chair with his feet up on another, a tall young chap of about my own age, with a beard on his face that might have been twin brother to mine. He was a far handsomer fellow than your humble servant. I could see that at a glance, for his features were about as perfect as they could be, and his eyes were as large, dark, and lustrous as those of an Italian. '= As to his dress, well, there I had the advantage of him, for his bush attire of moleskin pants and gaiters, short jumper jacket, and broad-brimmed cabbage-tree hat couldn't come up to my dark blue well-fitting uniform, with its silver buttons and shoulder-strap, my jaunty shako with V.M.P. in silver letters on its front, my high, well- polished boots and gleaming sword; scabbard and spurs. I could perceive that he knew well enough who the rap over the knuckles was meant for by the way in which he started and flushed up. But the.next instant he laughed it off, and began to chaff. " Hello, Polly," said he, "so Mr. Right has turned up at last, has he? I've wondered once or twice how l came to make no impression. 'Taint often that the female gender are unkind to Tom Mahoney.' " You've the vanity to think so at all events," retorted Polly half snappishly. "Oh, all right—go on.To show you that you haven't quite broken my heart I'll come over and dance at your wedding. When is the happy event to come off?" "Well," said I, by no means taking offence at his freedom, for free and easy is the order of the day up in the bush, and give a joke and take a joke esteemed good manners; "Well, Mr. Mahoney, that depends on circumstances. It's no good to marry a girl until you can make her comfortable, is it? That fortunate time may be as much as two years from the present; but then, if I'm lucky enough to come across Ned Kelly one of these moonlight nights it may not be a month." "Oh," sneered the stranger, "so you're on the look out for Ned Kelly, are you? Well, now, suppose that out of regard to Miss Polly yonder, and to show that I aren't a bit jealous about her preference to you, I place Ned in your hands?" "Go along with you blarney," said Polly on hearing this. " I daresay Jack can find the bushranger by his own wits quicker than you could do it for him." "Very well; if you think that, I'm mum. But let me tell you Miss Jones that shepherds in outlying huts such as mine see far more of those kind of gentry and what you may think. Where are they to get their information from but through us? Or food, when they are hard up, but through us likewise?" "I think you ought to be ashamed to own it at any rate," said Polly. "Indeed, I don't know why I should be. Needs must when the devil drives. The life of a man posted half-a- dozen miles away from any other human habitation is always at the mercy of such scoundrels, and the bushrangers would make precious short work of him if he refused to do their bidding. Even swell squatters under the influence of terror have sided with the bushrangers instead of the police before now." "'That's very true," I said beginning to have some faith in the fellow. "If you can bring me face to face with Ned Kelly I'll consider you a right good. fellow." "I want something more than your good opinion. I want a fourth of the reward." "How could I expect otherwise? Five hundred pounds shall be yours." Directly he began to drive a money bargain I felt that he must be genuine. "Get our friend his supper, Polly," said the stranger. ''He hasn't much time to lose, and you may give me another nobbler of rum and a screw of Barret's twist." "Don't believe one word that that man tells you, Jack," said my girl, whilst her face turned as pale as any ghost's. Beware of him. Do you heed what I say." "Yes, Polly; but I as yet see no good reason for taking your. I mustn't attend to a young girl's whim, you know; and I've my duty to the Queen to think of" answered I. "Perhaps, if you know any harm or evil of me Miss Jones, you'll be good enough to speak it out, fair and aboveboard, and give me an opportunity of proving to your young man that you are mistaken. Come, now spout it forth. " '"I don't know any good or ill of you, I've not seen you more than half-a-dozen times, but I like neither your ways nor your face. You are not what you seem," replied Polly, in her usual plain-spoken way, for she never minced her words. "Your last accusation is true enough my girl, for I am a gentleman whilst I seem a vagabond. Well, well, misfortunes aren't vices. And you, sir? Are you inclined to place as little faith in me as your sweetheart seems to do?" "No; somehow I believe in you," said I, and the words seemed to be wrung from me. No sooner had I uttered them than the stranger smiled somewhat. I hesitated not to shake heartily. (TO BE CONTINUED). 