ST. ANDREWS NEW PRESBY- TERIAN CHURCH. LAYING OF MEMORIAL STONE. The ceremony of the laying of the founda- tion stone of the new St. Andrew's Presby- terian Church, took place yesterday afternoon before a large number of the congregation and adherents of the church. The Rev. Dr. Hay, before the proceedings commenced, read a letter from the Rev. A. Richards, stating that he was sorry that he was unable to be present on the occasion, and wishing the church every success. The proceedings commenced by singing the hundredth Psalm. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. J. F. Henderson, after which the Rev. J. Glover read a portion of the eighth chapter of the first book of Kings. Mr. W. McIlwraith then read the follow- ing sketch of the history of the congregation : —The establishment in 1858 of the township of Rockhampton, by the settlement of miners and others on the banks of the Fitzroy in connection with the " rush " to the Canoona goldfield, was soon followed by an effort to institute religious worship on the Lord's Day. The chief part in initiating and conducting public worship in those early days was taken by Mr. William John Brown, Sub-collector of Customs, who had been a member of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, and who with characteristic Presbyterian liberality read prayers from the Prayer Book of the Church of England. The places where service was held previously to the erection of a building for the purpose, were Mr. John Palmer's store, now that part of Messrs. Walter Reid and Company's wool store nearest to the Fitzroy Bridge, Mr. Alexander Grant's, now Mr. Johnston's, timber yard, and, at a somewhat later date, the Court House. In those days " all that believed were together, and had all things common " even in religion, and before long a building was erected by public sub- scription on the part of all denominations, in money, materials, and labour, to serve as a day school and a common place of worship. This building stood on the land now belonging to the Angli- can Church, and was ultimately left to the sole use of that denomination. Early in May, 1861, the Rev. Samuel Kelly, first a minister of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, and then of the Victorian Church, arrived at Rockhampton, and on the 28th day of that month a public meeting of the inhabitants of Rockhampton was convened, with John Jar- dine Esq., Police Magistrate, in the chair, at which it was resolved to give Mr. Kelly a cordial welcome, and to take steps to organise a Presbyterian Church. The following gentle- men were appointed a committee to carry out the resolutions of the meeting, viz., Messrs. John Palmer, Robert M. Hunter, William John Brown, Richard McKelligett, James R. Ross, Alexander Grant, Charles Pybus, and Andrew Bertram. At the first meeting of this committee it was resolved, inter alia, that Mr. Kelly's stipend be £300 per annum, "that a small farm of, say, ten acres be purchased at the upset price, upon which to erect a Manse," and that the following gentlemen be appointed trustees to hold the ground granted by the Government, viz., John Jardine, William John Brown, James Landsborough, Peter Macintosh, and John Palmer. The project of purchasing a farm of ten acres was not carried out ; but the Government of New South Wales having pre- viously to the Separation therefrom of the colony of Queensland, "promised to grant to certain people called Presbyterians, connected with the Established Church of Scotland" certain land in Rockhampton as a site for a Presbyterian Church, communications, opened in 1860 with the Government of Queensland, resulted in the grant on the 7th September, 1861, to the Trustees above named, of allot- ments 1 and 2 of section 65 of the town of Rockhampton, being together one acre in area —the land on which we are now assembled— " for the erection thereon of a church under the superintendence of the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Established Church of Scotland. " Mr. Kelly entered on his ministry on the 1st June, 1861. The original list of subscribers to his stipend contains 79 names, representing all denominations, the amount subscribed being £279 8s. In the course of Mr. Kelly's ministry a church 40 feet by 20 feet, the nucleus of the present wooden building, was erected at a cost of £170, and a manse at a cost of £246 5s. Mr. Kelly resigned his charge on the 2nd February, 1864. On the 25th November, 1863, the several branches of the Presbyterian Church repre- sented in Queensland were united and formed into "The Presbyterian Church of Queens- land," and the congregation of Rockhampton, with its minister, was incorporated therewith. Shortly after Mr. Kelly's resignation, the Rev. Alexander Campbell Smith, formerly of the Free Church at Inellan, Scotland, was ap- pointed to preach for eight Sabbaths. Mr. Smith received and accepted a call, and was inducted into the pastorate of the congre- gation on the 1st April, 1864, the stipend pro- mised to him being £250 per annum. Under Mr. Smith's ministry the congregation pros- pered. The original church was enlarged in 1866 by the addition of a transept, 34 feet by 20\. The enlarged church was filled ; but for various personal and family reasons Mr. Smith resigned his charge on the 25th September, 1868\. The vacancy thus caused was of short duration. On the 13th December of the same year the Rev. James Carson, a licentiate of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, was called, and inducted into the charge of Rockhampton by the late Rev. Alexander Proudfoot, of Gladstone. The stipend promised to Mr. Carson was £250 per annum. Mr. Carson's ministry extended over a period of nearly six years ; and in the course of it the Church property was further improved by the erection of a vestry, fitted up as a library and study for the minister. Mr. Carson resigned his charge towards the end of 1874. For over twelve months the pulpit was supplied first by the Rev. W. L. Nelson, L.L.D., of Toowoomba, and next by the Rev. Thomas Craig, of Ipswich, and others. In 1875 the materials of the Manse, which had become dilapidated, were sold, and the proceeds placed to the credit of a fund for the erection of a new Manse. On the 15th November, 1875, a call was given to the Rev. Alexander Hay, M.A., of South Brisbane, previously of Leitholm, Berwickshire, and of Boston Church, Cupar, Fife, in the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland. The stipend promised to Mr. Hay was £300 per annum, increased in 1880 to £400, and a residence. Mr. Hay, having accepted the call, began his ministry at Rock- hampton on Sabbath the 12th March, 1876. In September, 1877, thc congregation re- solved to proceed to the erection of a Manse. This, along with other improvements on the church property, was accomplished in the course of next year at a cost of £1501 13s. 11d., to which had to be added interest on portions of this sum not finally realised until 1885, bringing up the total cost to £1620 10s. 6d. In thc meantime the church, which had been enlarged in 1866, had again become too small, and in 1882 accommodation for nearly one hundred persons was added by the extension of the nave of the church from 20 to 30 feet. The cost of this was £163 8s. On the 9th February, 1884, the Senatus of the University of St. Andrews, Scotland, resolved to confer on Mr. Hay the degree of Doctor in Divinity, and a few days there- after the congregation granted to him leave of absence for seven mouths, to enable him to visit the old country, and attend, as the Delegate of the General Assembly, the General Council of the Presbyterian Churches at Bel- fast, and the various Synods and Assemblies of the year. The congregation not only granted Dr. Hay full stipend, but also provided supply for the pulpit, during his absence. In the year, 1888 the prosperity of the con- gregation was somewhat checked by the withdrawal of a number of members and adherents, in order to form themselves into a separate congregation. During the period that has since elapsed the congregation has gradually recovered its strength and pros- perity, and in the course of 1889 various important improvements were made on the church property at a cost of £80. At a meeting of the congregation held on the 25th of April, 1890, it was resolved that the church and congregation be for the future styled St. Andrew's, and this change of name was duly ratified by the Presbytery." Thirty two years have elapsed since the congrega- tion of this church was founded. In the course of these years Rockhampton has grown from a village of tents to a city of over 14,000 inhabitants, with public and private edifices to correspond ; and the Presbyterian Church has grown with it. Of those who took part in the formation of this congregation in 1861, some have migrated to other parts of Australia, or to more distant lands, some worship with other churches ; many " are fallen asleep," but there are still a few " who remain unto this present," and are here with us to day. Their presence helps us to link the sacred associations of the past with the efforts and the aspira- tions of the present. Instead of the fathers there have risen up the children, and these in their turn shall hand on their work to the generation following. Jesus Christ, the King and Head of his Church, is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, and his work never ceases. It is our earnest prayer that of the building we are now erecting it may ever be said " Surely the Lord is in this place." " Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children. And let the beauty af our Lord our God be upon us, and establish thou the work of our hands upon us ; yea, the work of our hands establish thou it." Mr. FAIRBAIRN, Hon. Treasurer of the Church, read the following report of the Building Committee : — " It is now nearly ten years since the project of erecting a new church was mooted. At the time the proposal was first made there still rested a debt of nearly £400 on the Manse, and it was felt that the removal of that debt should take precedence of any other effort, more especially as the church had recently been enlarged and otherwise im- proved. When at length, in 1885, the debt was extinguished, a succession of adverse circumstances, seriously affecting the business of Rockhampton and the surrounding district, appeared to make the initiation of the work inopportune. The matter, however, was not lost sight of, and from time to time the project was ventilated at meetings of the congregation. On 28th October, 1890, at a meeting of the congregation, the Rev. Dr. Hay announced that the Hon. William Pattison, M.L.A., had authorised him to promise on his behalf a subscription of £1000 towards the erection of a new church. This generous offer was gratefully accepted, and a committee was appointed to take the necessary steps for obtaining further subscriptions. A prelimi- nary difficulty, however, had to be cleared away. The original trustees of the land belonging to the congregation were all dead, and in law their trust had devolved upon Mr. Rees R. Jones, executor of the late Mr. Peter Macintosh, the last survivor. New trustees had been nominated by the congregation, and approved of by the Presbytery, but for reasons special to the history of the deed of grant, they could not be invested with the trust without the authority of Parliament. It was therefore found necessary to promote a Bill in Parliament to obtain this authority. This Bill was passed, and became " The St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church of Rockhampton Act of 1891." This Act vests allotments 1 and 2 of section 65 of the town of Rockhampton, in Messrs. William Pattison, Alexander Meikle, and William Burns, and their suc- cessors in office, "according to the usages and regulations of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland;" and provides for the sale, mortgage, or lease of the whole or any portion or portions of said land " with the consent of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland in General Assembly constituted." In the mean- time the Building Committee had been prose- cuting the work of obtaining subscriptions. In this they were signally assisted, first by the young ladies of the congregation, who held a Fancy Fair in 1890, which yielded £117 10s., and last year by the ladies of the congregation generally, whose Bazaar added £240 to the Building Fund. In the course of last year the Building Com- mittee, having already realised the sum of about £1750, and further promises bringing up the amount to nearly £2000, felt justified in inviting competitive plans for the building. Over twenty plans were sent in. These were submitted to a com- mittee of experts, consisting of Messrs. R. H. Schmidt, J. W. Wilson, and D. Armstrong. Their verdict, in view of the instructions given to architects by the Building Com- mittee, was unanimously given in favour of a plan which was found to have been submitted by Messrs. Voller and Graham, architects, Brisbane. In due course tenders were called for, and the lowest, that of Mr. Walter A. Lawson, contracter, Rockhampton, was ac- cepted. Mr. Lawson undertook to erect the church, without the tower, in brick and cement, for the sum of £2312 13s. 2d., and with the tower for £560 additional. The Building Committee believe that the church when completed will be externally a worthy addition to the public buildings of Rock- hampton, and internally eminently suited for the purposes of public worship. To finish and furnish it for these purposes according to the plan, which includes a chamber for a pipe organ, a thousand pounds in addition to what has been already subscribed will be required ; if the tower is included over one thousand five hundred, and it is to be gratefully noted that in view of its erection both a bell and a tower clock have been promised. It has been the practice, as it has been regarded as the duty and the privilege of the members of this congregation, to provide from their own resources for the ordinary and current ex- penses connected with the maintenance of Christian ordinances, without calling for assistance from members of other communions, who have their own ordinances to maintain. But the members of the Christian com- munity in Rockhampton have always shown a sympathetic and practical interest in the erection of each other's church buildings, without regard to sect or denomination. Such buildings, when worthy of the purpose for which they are erected, help to beautify thc city in which we live. They serve the highest of all purposes in connection with the worship of God, and the preaching of the truths of our common Christianity. We feel assured, then, that we have the cordial good wishes of all our fellow Christians in the work on which we have entered. We have gratefully to acknowledge many spon- taneous and generous gifts already received, but we feel assured that these are only the pledge of what is yet to come. It is our earnest desire to open this church "owing no man anything, but to love one another," and we feel confident that our hope will be ful- filled. The memorial stone was then laid by the Rev. Dr. Hay, Minister of the Church. Before doing so Dr. Hay read a list of articles placed in the bottle to be inserted in the stone, and which had been incased in lead and hermotically sealed. These were a copy on parchment of the sketch of the history of the church read by Mr. McIlwraith, and of the report of the building committee read by Mr. Fairbairn ; printed reports of the congre- tion for the years 1890, 1891, and 1892; a copy of the sermon entitled "The Present Truth," delivered by Dr. Hay, at Hobart, when, as retiring Moderator, he opened the the Federal Assembly of 1889, and his address on " Presbyterianism, its Principles, and Mission," delivered by him at Brisbane, as Moderator of the Queensland General As- sembly of 1891 ; and copies of The Morning Bulletin and Daily Northern Argus of the day. Mrs. MacIntosh then addressed Dr. Hay, and requested him in name of the committee and the congregation to lay the memorial stone, at the same time presenting him with a silver trowel for that purpose. Dr. Hay then deposited the lead cased bottle in the cavity prepared for it, when the stone was lowered into its place and, the level adjusted. Dr. Hay, tapping the stone three times with the trowel, said : I declare this stone well and duly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. May it be to the glory of God, and the honour of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Turning to Mrs. Macintosh, and presenting her with the trowel, Dr. Hay said : Mrs. Macintosh, I have to thank you for the honour you have done us this day, and I now beg you to accept this trowel in memory of your father, Mr. William John Brown, the chief founder, and one of the first trustees of the congregation, of which I have the honour to be Minister, and in memory of your husband, Mr. Peter Macintosh, who also was one of the first trustees. In this I feel assured that I have the hearty approval of all the members of the Building Com- mittee, the Session, and the Committee of Management of the whole congregation. Addressing those present Dr. Hay con- tinued : The papers that have been read by Mr. McIlwraith and Mr. Fairbairn have placed before you the leading facts in the history of the congregation of St. Andrew's Church, and of the movement for the erection of a new church, whose inception and progress, as shown by the walls before you, have brought us together to-day. The few words I have to add will relate not to the Presbyterian Church in Rockhampton, or the building in which it worships now or shall hereafter worship, but to the Presbyterian Church as a whole, and as a section of the great holy Catholic Church of our Lord Jesus Christ. It is not unusual for people to speak of this congregation as the Scots Church, and not a few suppose that the Presbyterian Church is a peculiarly Scots institution, that it originated among Scots- men, and continues to exist only in virtue of Scottish bigotry and pertinacity. I wish to say a few words with the view of dispelling those mistaken notions. In antiquity, in extension over the world at the present day, and in the services it has rendered in the history of the nation and the world, the Presbyterian Church takes a place which, to use the motto of a famous Scottish regiment, is "Second to none." Let me speak of the age of our church. John Knox was not its founder ; nor was his master and friend John Calvin. We claim as a church an ancestry far higher than that. We claim to represent in their faith, and the essentials of their polity the Waldenses of the middle ages, who amidst the fastnesses of the Alps exemplified their motto, "The light shines in darkness," and who still dis- dain the name of Protestant, for they existed as a church for well nigh a thousand years before the diet of Spires. We claim to re- present the true church of St. Patrick and St. Columba, the church of St. Alban and his fellow Martyrs, before Palladius or Augustine of Canterbury had set foot on Irish or British soil. In her doctrine regarding the plan of Salvation, the Presby- terian Church counts Augustine of Hippo as one of her early fathers ; and Paul one of her chief doctors. And if I speak of her polity and discipline then the Apostle of the Gentiles and his brother Apostle Peter must take the place under Jesus Christ that has been popularly assigned to Calvin and Knox. We claim the Apostle Paul was a Presbyterian ; and there is no need therefore for our proving that we possess the true Apostolic succession. There were long dark ages, during which the Presby- terian Church, with its doctrines of free grace, its popular government and its simple scriptural worship, had lain buried and out of sight under the influence of the spiritual domination of Rome. But the Reformation brought again to light and to fresh, and rigorous life, the church of the Apostles and of the early centuries. The emblem of the burning bush, and the legend that accompanies it on the seals of all the sections of the church that have sprung from Scotland—Nec tamen Consumebatur—and yet it was not consumed, tells at once of its re- suscitation at the Reformation, and of the futile attempts that have been made to crush it since. " Ever in the flames and evergreen, and yet it is not consumed." We are to place this emblem on the stone that has been just laid. Impaled on St. Andrew's cross, it will tell of the home churches which the Presbyterians of Queensland reckon their spiritual mothers ; the stars of the Southern Cross, thus com- pleting the seal of the Australian churches, will tell that under another constellation than the Great Bear of the northern skies we pursue the same grand aims and we cherish the same glorious traditions for which our fathers bled and died. Again let me speak to you a word of the extension of the Presby- terian Church. Let me transport you, in imagination, to Toronto, in Canada, where, in September of last year, the great council of the Presbyterian Churches throughout the world was held. Listen to the roll of the deputies as it is called by the general secre- tary. There answer to their names repre- sentatives of Presbyterianism from England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Canada, the United States of America, Australia and New Zea- land, and South Africa, and a score of other British colonies. The representatives of the Huguenots of France are there, the Vaudois of Piedmont and Italy, the Protestants of Germany, and the Swiss Cantons, the struggl- ing churches of Bohemia, the land of John Huss and Jerome of Prague, Hun- gary, Greece, Spain, aye, and distant Persia, India, China, and Japan. There are repre- sentatives there of a church which embraces in its membership 40,000,000 of people, no mean proportion of the Protestant population of the world, which is reckoned at 110,000,000. These facts may be to some strange and in- credible ; but they are facts ; and there are others not less remarkable. The Reformation sent men to the Scriptures for their church polity and teaching ; and the churches of the Reformation, which have been free to mould their own forms and institutions, have with- out exception adopted essentially the Presbyterian model. When John Wesley was laying down the constitution of the now great denomination which bears his name, he drew the plan of it on Presbyterian lines. Even the great Lutheran Church of Germany and Scandinavia is essentially Presbyterian, and the Anglican Church of Australia has taken not a few leaves out of the Scottish books of discipline. Let me now speak to you very briefly of the services which the Presbyterian Church has rendered to the world. It was from Scottish pulpits and professors' chairs that the Stuarts first heard a protest against the divine right of Kings. The Presbyterians in the Church of England were the opponents of the autocratic rule of Elizabeth. The Presbyterians of Scotland played no small or weak part in the great struggle with despotism in the seventeenth century. The true leader of the defenders of Derry was a Presbyterian, aud so were most of his comrades, and to the straitest sect of the Scottish Presbyterians, the followers of Richard Cameron, for ever belongs the honour of having furnished from the flower of their youth the first volunteer regiment that fought for the Great Revolution of 1688—the famous 26th. What Presbyterian Scotland has done for education needs not be referred to. I say not these things in the spirit of controversy. That spirit would be out of place in this assemblage. While we believe that our doctrine, discipline, and worship are of apostolic antiquity, we recognise all who love the Lord Jesus Christ, and put their trust in Him, as members of the Holy Catholic Church equally with ourselves, whether they are Episcopalians, Wesleyans, Roman Catholics, Congregationalists, or Baptists. I have to thank you, my friends, for your atten- dance here this afternoon. I take it as an expression of Christian, brotherly, and neighbourly interest in our undertaking. For the office-bearers of the Church, for all its members, and for myself, I desire to express our appreciation of your kindness. May that charity which ought to cover all our dif- ferences ever guide our intercourse together as members of Society, and of the Church of our Common Lord and Saviour. And may God add His blessing with all the words that have been spoken at this time. At the close of Dr. Hay's speech, a col- lection was taken on the ground in aid of the building fund, when the sum of £30 0s. 6d. was contributed. The 118th Psalm, verses 19-25 was then sung, and afterward prayer was offered by the Rev. E. Wilson, after which the proceedings were brought to a close by the Rev. W. Aitken of Mount Morgan, pronouncing the benediction. The inscription on the memorial stone read as follows : Nec tamen Consumebatur. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church. This stone was laid on June 7th, 1893, by the Rev. Alexander Hay, M.A., D.D., Minister of the congregation. Except the Lord build the house they labour in vain that build. Psalm CXXVII, 1. 