2' -. "RA %.D.:X'Dý.HOT ltE R'S WVEDDI 4CG DRESS. Dr ADA M. TROTTER. 'I don't see what is to be done, in deed I don't, said Bessie, surveying the wrecks of our united wardrobes. Everything has been turned and re turned, and is too shabby for further manipulation. We must tell Hugh it must be given up.' Lady Betty looked relieved, but the restof us, who were of a mundane tun of mind, saw what she did not: that to giva up this point was to put off the day of better things indefinitely. We were four sisters dependent for daily Lread on Hugh bur best of brothers. Bfssie was our eldest, and Lady Betty came next to me. I am the ugly duckling of the family, all eyes and ears, and I love my Betty as though I were her dog. We alwa?ys call her Lady Betty, because she is so dainty in her ways. She can't think of common things; her thoughts fly away to all kinds of lovely dreams; while if the rest of us are like m', they think often of what is for dinner, and whether, in fact, there will be enough for more than one dinner on the joint; and they would like new clothes and everything of the best. Lady Betty does not seem to know, or care. Hugh is choir-master and organist of 'the Cathedral, and he wants to get pupils, but he is very shy; perhaps he is proud. People don't care to patro nize him : and 'inferior teachers make a cood living while he stands haughtily aloof. And now when this great chance is come to him, justTor want of a suitable dress it must be set aside. 'For, one of the reasons'that our Betty is so different from me is because she has the genius of song, and Hugh has trained her to sing exquisitely. The squire of the parish is a very strange man. I wish you specially to note this. He lies in a big, gloomy mansion, all alone with his family ghosts and their portraits. But it is said that he means to turn over a new leaf, and has sent for Major St. John, a far-away nephew and intends to make him his heir, and is going to give a series of entertainments to the county families of the neighbourhood. He has sent a request to Hugh to get up a good concert for Christmas Eve, and of course if Lady Betty sings it is sure to be asuccess; and perhaps Hugh would get more work; and then some of us could think of other things be sides the grinding dull lives of making much out of nothing; but-we could never be like Betty. It was bard to tell Hugh, but Bessie managed it very well. He was more disappointed than we expected, and looked keenly at Betty, who was standing in the sunlight, trilling to the canary, warbling just like a bird. ' Girls he said, let her go in that cotton gown. No one will care what she has on when once she begins to sing.' Just then I had an idea, and rm afraid I trod on Hugh's toes in my hurry. There was just one beautiful gown in our possession, though, per haps, it was at least a hundred and fifty years old, if it was a minute. ' Bessie I shreaked, the great grand mother's wedding dress!' It was an inspiration. No one replied. Hugh looked as if he thought we were all mad, but our kindly Bess said, in her genial way, it's all right, Hugh ; Lady Betty shall go. He went away rather bewildered, and began to make out his concert programme, and we three left our clever ones together and ran up to the garret. _ The gown was the only piece of pro. perty in our, possession. It had been my mother's, but how it came to her we did not know, for our parents would not tell us anything of her ancestry. All re knew was that our father had been a public singer that he had a fine tenor voice, which failed him when he was still young, and that he died heart-broken. All we knew of our mother was that she looked just like our Betty, and had faded out of life when my father's love no longer shielded her from pain. We valued the old gown for her sake, and because it seemed to tell us that our forbears had been gentle-folk, who, perhaps, had known freedom from small economies and cares. We sat on the floor of the garret with the dress and its accompaniments of soft lice spread out amongst us. Bessie pronounced judgment on each part,-as she looked'at it between tihe slantinrg lights. The shoes are too big, but they are very pretty-red and gold. Dot, here, can stuff the toes with tissue paper. This blue, quilted shirt needs darning. I will see to that. The ruby and gold over-dress, however, is perfect. Oh, \- dear, the lace is all to pieces, but we must mend it up as best we can. Well, that's settled. Come along, girls, and let us set to work. There is no time to lose.' When we got downstairs we found that for once our Betty had taken an obstinate turn. Go to the Park with out her dear old Dot (myself) she would not. She could not sing if I were not there, That is how it w~s that I thought of writing the story. I was in it from first to last, and 1 followed at Betty's heels like a faithful shadow. Tihe grand, evening arrived, and we all took a share in dressing our little lady; we were anxious about the effect of the old gown, but we need not have been. for surely nothing could have looked so pretty as this sheeny ruby atnd gold. 'Now, Dot, on with your dress, cried Bessie, turning to me, her eyes shining with triumph, as Lady Betty stood with her music -in her hand waiting for me. I wore Bessie's best black silk, specially done up for the occasion. It was worn and shabby, but no matter-it fitted very well, and no one would look at me. Hugh had s asked for a special sitting-room for us. P He was proud, as I said before, and he did not wish us to mix with the rest of the performers; nor with the guests, as we could not be on an, equality with P them. It was foolish pride no doubt. i I am afraid I did not like. his careful- m ness. I wanted to see something of the is world now I was launched upon it, so after we- had arrived and settled down k I looked impatiently round the rooim. SLady Betty was absorbed in thie J flowers. There were some fine pots of heather on thie jardinidre: she did not notice me whlen I sipped thIe bolt of A :the glass door aside a:d wandered into a a conservatory. s I heard voices at a distance, and, S keeping well behind the huge palms, I advanced until I was within a few yards of the speakers. Tomy'surprise I saw Hugh, and barring his way was an old gentleman so strikingly like him, that he might have been his double. 'Pray who are you, sir thundered the old man. Hugh introduced him self as well ai he could, and made known his mission. ' Hugh Sinclair ! The old man's brow cleared at once-heo'mad a cordial apology. Forgive an old man, sir. I thought I recognised your face, and mistook you for some one else. I beg to thank you for the trouble you are taking to help in the success of the evening.' It was the Squire. We had not seen him before, for our coming to this cathedral town was recent," and he seldom or never came to church. 'I very much approve of your pro gramme, sir, lie continued. The songs are English ; I hate your German and French : the tendency is a bad one, to put aside our own fair tongue and our own sweet tunes. I particularly like these old friends, Bid me discourse. Where the Bee sucks, andso on. But whom have you here to sing them 1' Hugh explained that his sister had a fine voice, which he had taken pains to cultivate. 'But she is only a child, he said tenderly. About seventeen, eh, Dot I' The Squire turned and looked at me, and the frown came back to his brow. r Very strange, lie muttered. Her face also is quite familiar to me. What does it mean 1' 'Oh, I am like anybody and every body, I admitted, clumsily enough; but when you see Betty, I am sure you will say you never saw anyone like her in your life before.' ' Betty sings, suggested Hugh, as the frowning Squire looked suspiciously at ny dark fitce. Then Hugh bowed and passed on, and the Squire catechised ume as to our family in a very pertinent or impertinent manner. But before I had given him much information I heard Betty calling, and ran back through the conservatory with only time for a short farewell to the Squire. ' I've seen the Squire, and he's the very counterpart of Hugh in every thing except age, only not so kind in his manner, I said, breathlessly. I never saw such a likeness.' Hugh came rushing in at this moment to reprimand me for leaving the room. ' Let me tell you, Dot, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. I am ashamed of you, he said severely. This room is specially given up to you, and you've no business to go wandering about.' If it had not been for Betty's kind look at me I must have wept. ' Do let Dot enjoy herself in her own way, she begged. Th@ Squire can't eat her, at any rate.' (To be continued.) 