WILDFLOWEE. * BOOK VI. : CHAPTER VIII. Another Departure from OlTerton Honse. How a familittf^icefB missqa,T-liodgfiii- tear no relation- to' ns pr'oui'inifereBte. 'We miss our old servants who are discharged, or married, or dead — \ro miss even the strangers whorn we have been Accustomed to meet in our walks. But when we come nearer . home, and have to miss our fathers, mothers, children, end to know that empty chairs and half finished work hut represent them — to be certain that we shall see them no more — that some have gone for years, some be yond seas, more beyond the line that 6eparates life (£rom death— fchpn . wfi miss them in our teari*, and the ^oid* though/ ]eES perceptiblecaftfer time has rojbbed it of its freshneBs, isyet never wholly filled Tip ffith the dudt and rubbish of the present. It was no wonder Mr. Stanmore misBed tis daughter, she was his only child, and now she had- gone he felt lika a man standing alone xtpon a high, hill — isolated from the world, with the keen cutting air of disappointment chil ling his bones, and the hum of the myriads far beneath him and his thoughts. He was more lonely than he had even foreboded; and as the days stole on and week:«uoceeded week, he. assumed [more of Tlifs: old 'morbid, misanthropic I manner. He kept to his study three-fourths I of the long day, seldom rising out or leav I ing the house, becoming more chary of I speech, and more sharp and crude in his I observations than he had ever been — sparing not sven in his bout tempera the ?undeserving Avice. At times, -when hejwas more than usually despondent and bitter, Avice feared that there was something in addition to his daughter's loss which preyed upon his mind —his demeanour vr&a; bo unnatural and Btrange. ; Once Avice ventured a gentle remon strance as an ppportunity-rr-very rare at that time— presented itself for a slight \ conversation between them. I He heard her patiently to the end, and I eaid — I 'You think I give -way too much, I Avice ? Give 'way to what P I natter I myself I am a strong-minded man and I exhibit no feeling at all 1' I ' It is your very .depth of feeling -which I proves your weakness,' said Avice. I ' Miss Hern, I -will come to school and I learn of you,' he answered tartly ; *? pre I pare my lessons immediately, and write I me precepts of heart-rending morality in I my copy-books. Ah I if we only followed I copy-book maxims, what good people we I should be — what ! going, Avice ?' I ' Yes, sir.' I ' You think I am too big a boy to be I taught,' he said, with an ironical laugh ; I 'thaf s true enough. 'Well, jesting apart, I does it much matter if I go about the house I bb gloomy as Hamlet, and as ghost-like I as hie resoectable father — who cares for I me?'- * V -'.-?'' -' ???? I 'AIL', ;'' \' ':'?- ~ ':'-.::A ? 'Is it B.os§Lrn.oiii3, whose heart nearly I (Wed out of -her eyes when she left me I ibi a husband? or Jane, upstairs, -who sees I me once or twice a waek, and goes to sleep I in her chair then?— or the servants who I are paid to touch their hats — or the friends I such as the Mistlefprds, who conspire I against my peace-— or Avice Hern, whose I next step will be to follow Rosamond's ex [ ample, to fall in love with an Adonis, a tea party lion who can talk about the fashions, and go away singing like a nightingale?*; , s ' ,_ ' At least Tyry. Stanmore -would not he much hurt at that occurrence,' remarked Avice, with a 'flash of spirit in her eyes. ' Have you not heard of a remarkable instance of force of habit in eels ?' asked Stanmore after a pause, during which he bad regarded her with a strange expression on his countenance. Avice did not condescend to reply, but gathered her needluwork in her arms, pre paratory to a dignified retreat. 'So like the jolly fellow in the .song, * I care for nobody, no, not I, And nobody cares for me.3 That is the way to jog along smoothly, Avice,' continued he. ' I shall bear what is to come with that philosophical . in difference ably exemplified in the great poet's lines. So when the tea-party lion — ahem I — well, anybody— say Mr. Clifton, fresh from London, and penitent as the } prodigal son, coineB home, and wins you over to forgetfulness with a new brooch, or a—' ' Avice had never felt more angered in her life, than on that day ; and when it came to Edward, and he estimated her feel ings by new brooches, it -was quite time to leave the room, her lithe, graceful figure quivering with passion, and either go to her 'study' and cry, or to Miss Jane Stanmore and be ?worried. She chose, the latter course. She was too indignant to seek rafuge in woman's weakness — and woman's strength, by the way, when tears are exercised with due discretion. Miss Stannibrej though it was summer time, and the air was genial and mild, only exchanged her bedchamber for the drawing loom for a few hours every afternoon. Out of doors, .whether in the carriage or round the garden, no moral -persuasion could induce her. -She was weak and despondent, and more fond of novels than javer, and . more fond of novels . than ever, and always disappointed when the hero and heroine married comfortably in chapter the last- — t was so unlike real life 1' Tha doctor began to make regular. calls, and to look grava as he descended the stairs after an interview with. his. patient, who 'would not listen to his instructions on any poirt what soever. ' Time would cure her cough— nothing else. 'Sea air,' indeed. ;vat her time of life ! ' Change V pack of Btuff J — ' Occupation of tninjJ]^' pact :iof nonBense 1 When the doctor became more' firm^as she; showed no signs of improvement, she be came more obstinate. . ; ; . - 'If I matt die Til die at home,' sHe cried, peevishly; *'»P don't, bother me,' there's a .good man. Avice, go on with the book. How beautifully horrible it's get ting sow, my dear, isn^t it P' ' ?''- ???,./? Avice added hex remonstrance to the dootor'B,for «h« 'bejrftn to : haye her own fears too j ttttaijjef^t followed i«r Inter vention, iii, StMimow aMuttei feis sternest manner, and commanded her- to - acquiesce ; and his sister put him off: with *' she -would consider of it, and leave it till to-morrow, Arthur, and don't frighten her bo, don't.' She took to her bed, after a few : more weeks' failing' strength and ploughing cdjigh, afld!. the doctor came down -J»e day from his patient's bed-side, and told Mr. Stanmore and Avice that the epnstitaition of his sister waB fast breaking up, and that there ^was no hope of Her recovery. Mr. Stanmore's face lowered at the tidings, but he heard the medical ^gentle man throughout without giving any. sign of emotion, and then -walked slowly up stairs to his study. Mies Jane Stanmore began to tire of everything but novels, and Avice's days -were spent at her bed-side ; and the grooms were cantering: backwards and for wards between Olverton House and firans combe,:. with piles of three volume com positions under their arms, or before them on the saddle.. One day Miss Jane's precarious state was, at the suggestion of the doctor and Mr, Stanmore, broken to her by Avice in her own gentle manner ; and Miss Jane, with a sigh, gave up novels for life, and consented to the clergyman of Sanderstone (a venerable old gentleman* for whom years and years ago she had embroidered a couple of mitres on a pair of black -velvet slippers) spending an hour with her every afternoon. ' Avice; iny -dear,' said Miss Stanmore one morning, ' have you written to Rosa mond ?' ' Yes, aunt,' replied Avice (she had, at Miss Stanmore's request, called her aunt since her illness). »? I wrote to her three weeks since.' ' Have you had an answer ?' ' Not yet.' ' Ah ! I daresay the letter has miscar ried,' said Miss Stanmore, musingly. ' Well, it does not matter much. Why should I break in- upon her happiness. I used to spoil that often enough when I was -well and strong. What a cross old toad I used to be, Avice, my dear.' Avice shook her head. ' I -was getting old, and never was a very mild creatures' half soliloquised Miss Stanmore. ' ?? So it was quite excusable ; besides, Avice, I had a disappointment early in life, just like you and Mr. Clif ton.' Avice hung her head. 'He -was — never mind,' corrected she, ' I do not care a straw now. It -was all for the best ; for he made a cruel husband to Miss Turnerbury, of Richmond. She was never without black eyes ; and although she always ascribed them to severe colds, poor thing we all knew better. I knew that I was marked out for an old maid ; and I think you are, my dear, if you will allow me to say so ; and. its wonderful how cross it makes a person at times. Not that I believe you will ever be particularly fractious, my child ; but it's as well to learn to govern ourselves when we are young. Avice, my dear \' ' Yes, aunt.' ' Do you remember — ahem ! — my side carls?' '--' '?' ?' ~ Avice perfectly remembered them. ' When you are my age, Avice, they may come in very nicely,' said she. « They are at the bottom of that drawer in a little green box, and you'll find the key on my bunch. I ? think the shade of the hair, is almost as black as your own, my dear. The old lady rambled on, talked a great deal about her days at Richmond and of her love passages and trials, until Avice expressed a fear leBt she should exert her self too much. '? . ;r'5?ot a bi*} my deari' cried Miss Stan ,xdb'fet.il my cough don't interrupt me now —it's almost gone ; and really I feel much better] I've half a mind to get up to receive the doctor and the clergyman. Avice, my dear, I have bucq a funny whim in my head.' 'What is that, Miss Stanmore?' 'I should,' with a ghastly simper, ' bo like to see Wai — Mr. Hern — before I — -I — I die. That's a hard word, my child, though its only one syllable. -I certainly never remarked it before. Diet three letters, and yet so very hard to say V' She fell off into a dreamy doze ; and Avice watched all day, at the doctor's re quest,' and did not leave the room -when the rector came to pray with her,. or when Mr. Stanmore was sitting opposite with his h.ard-lined; face and haggard looks. ????-? v- 'Miss Stanmore mentioned her wish to her brother concerning Walter Hern ; but he did not seem to understand her, and. looked inquiringly across the bed at Avice. In the grey evening, when Stanmore and A vice were still sitting by her bed-aide, the opening of the door woke the old lady from another doze. It was the maid- servant entering -with the chamber lamp. ' Ah ! well to be sure !' she exclaimed in a low voice, ' who would have thought of you, too ! Oh dear, -dear me ! Put the pillow straight Avice. This is kind— - this — is — very — kind — of — you— -Mr. — Her-r-rnl' And with a smile of welcome to the visionary Walter, ehe shut her eyes and' died, BOOK VII. CHAPTER L Rumors and Beviews. The blinds are drawn up in Olverton House, and the maiden sister is taking her long sleep in ?Sanderstone churchyard. Four weeks have passed since Miss Stan more died with her lover's name -upon her lips. Those four weeks have added another 'wrinkle to - the already-furrowed brow Of Mr. Stanmore, who is more gloomy, bitter, ?and misanthropical— still more of a riddle since the death, of his sister. .-?- . ;.-.!? ... :'.-; - ' He has repeived a letter from Rosamond,; it is -written hurriedly, and is full of expres -faone of 41er^g*eat sorrow for the severe ill-: 33&ss; piiel^iunt— sh» prays the missive may find her better (she was- past prayer -sre it Was writteii) and with Borne inooherenoy; attempts to explain '..-how '[ her;Jdes1p6ito^^f.; tonaqd watch by ; line'^icfc^^di-sf/iJSmifc: ; Jane j la only prevented by the greater-duty wMoh keepB her to her huBbaud'B side— - andiow he,\her uear Arnold, is dull and; irritable, 'when she talks of home, -and -she , ;reipaiife f or iis jBSfke. She eien^ Hfer J^-ve. .ito fet^ar, Avioe, and ihe.«le«jper,iaiid iadd& thAth^iaM^^^ health alone casts a gloom upon her life^ she is bo -very, very happy in love. She alludes not in that letter to . Arnold's strong objection to return horns thus early, in the ; JUoneymoon, ^ or ^even to .Arnold's ^decided .. negatire to her. entreaty ; they, the_father and' the sister,' guess that well enough^ knowing the affec .tionate nature of the one, and the selfish exaction of the other. ; . ,.; Bat she is *? yeryj'very happy ;' and that 1b everything.. Her return cannot stop the turning of the tide, or bring back to her little world the maiden aunt. The hotise of Olverton becomes leas and less cheerful in appearance, the sternness of its head and ruler increases every day. What sorrow he has felt at losing his only sister is known but to himself and the four walls of the study — he shares his regrete with no living being, and shuns the sympathy of Avice Hern, his ward. Olverton House is a great desert to Avice now — she sees but little of Mr, Stanmore — she is the last tie to him and hie home, and that tie must be broken for her own own name's sake, ruthlessly/ severed ere the weeks lengthen into months. A rumor in the village has already startled Avice to thoughts of action, and of: great changes for the future. He does not dream of change, it has never suggested itself to his mind — he thinks all possible alteration has been made — what other can there be, now his daughter is married, and his sister is not of this life ? ' I must go,' is Ayice's conviction. .,'*' I must not live beneath this roof alone with him— although I love him as a father — yes, a father 1 Mine will be a pang of separation — the grief of parting ; he will feel nothing but a momentary shock of surprise. It seems as if all have tired of me, and I have lived long enough to forfeit others' love, to fall back in every friend's esteem. Well, well, I can be happy with my dear old Martha, — there is affection never to be ship wrecked in that faithful heart. Oh 1 for life over again,' cried Avice, ' life at the dark threshold of the Government— -child- hood dating back -from Miss Wrickerton's — -my fortune a fairy -book, and a half crown in the little money-box on the matel piece.' Poor Avice looking back, and regretting that fortunate turn of events 'which has made a lady of her ; she must feel bitterly the dearth of affection, the wild sense of loneliness, to wish for the past life in the gloomy government office — to dawn for ever in the Lethean streamher guardian, her 'sister ' Rosamond — all the recollections of her first love, and of him who won her maiden heart with a mask upon his face ! Mr. Stanmore affords Avice no opportunity to reveal the intentions she has formed — '? he will never be alone with her — he rises immediately after the servants have re moved the cloth, and walks moodily to the study. Once Avice stops him, and says with a faltering voice — ' Mr. Stanmore, can I speak a few words with you?' ' I am very busy to-day, Avice,' he replies, without raising his eyes to meet her own ; ' to-morrow.' ' But it is important that I should.' ' Important to you, my child,' he says, ' but is it to me P' ** I do not know — I — I hope bo.' ' Ah I you do not know,' . ^answers JStaa^ more, ' it cannot be of very great importance, then -— and I would not be threatened by petty complaints about housekeeping or the servants.'' ' It relates to naither, sir,' says Avice. « Well 'then, tell it to me to-morrow.*'; On the morrow he leaves Olverton House . for a few days, and Avice has not the courage or the heart to abandon the place till his return ; it would be ungenerous, undutiful, and cruel. But each day adds to the delicaey of her position, and brings something keen to wound her. The busy rumor begins to cir culate f how, or in what manner it first originated, is as mysterious as the origin of every rumor, which upsets a home, or excites a nation ; all the village knows that Avice Hern is engaged to the widower, Mr. Stanmore! It rings in tha ears of Avice again and again, and sends the blood mounting to her face. It is tne more painful from its inconsis tency — from the absurdity of her guard ian's name being coupled with her own. It is Katie Millthorn who tells Avice once more about the world of Sanderetone, and the leading topic it has made of her and her guardian. # 'A blithe good-morning to you,' says the handsome girl, as she comes face to face with Avice in the green lane, ' but the sunshine sets ill on the black dress. You are pale, Miss,' ' I am not very well, Kate,' anBwers Avice. 'Weshallhavethe greatpeoplebackcoon, I suppose, Miss,' said Katie* ' the young squire and his new wife P' ' They will soon return home, I have no doubt.' *? They'll be a brave couple,* muses Katie, 'heighol I wonder whether I shall ever be married. Father says that I want a little more sense for a working man's wrfe, and have goi a little too much for a gentleman's.' ' Your father is a satirist,' -with a sad smile. ' In Ms way he is, perhaps, although I don't exactly know what a satirist may happen to be,' Bays Katie, ' but this I know,' and ehe gives a sly glance at Avice, her face flushing. ? ' What do you know, Katie ?' inquires Avice, her face flushing. - 'That there will be plenty of marriages at -Sanderstone Church, -without Katie Millthorn V replies the girl, « there's MisB Mistlef ord engaged to a baronet, and there's Miss Hern, they Bay, will be Mr*. Stanmore the second, blessings on ' her married life, eay I.' :V ..'?'' ? ;. ' ''^JPnsjjjp; ;%£-? -told -yon ; that* Katie P' aBkS Ayice, -^ith ifordecL calmnesB. '?.l:jl'W'hpf—whjj..MB:.htaA. to! Bay, JMasa, but they ail Beem to know it -well enough,' . answers Katie j u hopePve given ho offence, |!#**';;;Q;/-. '.C^V -.'..' ,' ' - ???:'.:'} . wrong, it is all a iwioked 'falsehood which ?Sw;t5an -;J-elifeve/*' '?.?^'?\'i:^-. ^.;^ ^j-: ' ? '-,-; ?; . . '.'':. '' ' ' . '* .'? '- ifTO BS 'OONTlWUj£Di3 ' ' ;r' ;:': 