TALES km SKETCHES.,', ALL ALONG THE hlVER. ' BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, " -- Author oi' ".Lady Audrey's Secret, " "The Venetians, or Alt, in Honor," " Aurora' , Floyd," A-o. Copyrighted, by Tillotson and Son. ' Chapter L— "The Rain Set Early in To-nioht." It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still, in that - feeblo and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind, when tlio postman came with the long expected Indian letter. \- HQ Wan. -luCQr T> 1 1 ILH llSUtils Xu WtiS IH-Hrlj 6 o'clock, and Isola had been watching for him 8inoo 1, watching with an unread, book in hot lap, and her untnstcd luncheon upon the tnbie. She had been sitting by the open window, look ing out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great green hill beyond, a steep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chess- : At last she heard the familar tread of the post man's heavy boots, and saw his shining oilskin hat moving above the edge of the hollies, and heard tlio oliok of the iron lateli as he came into tho little garden. . She called to him from tho window, and he came tramping across tlio sodden grass and pat her letters into licr ' outstrctohod hand.. . ' \- One from tier married sister in Cadogan-placc. That would kcop. One from an old sohool- fellow. That would keep. And one — the long looked for Indian letter, which she tare open eagerly, and rend hurriedly, devouring the olose lines, in the neat, blaok penmanship, with its decided up and dowmatrokes, and legible oliar- aoters, so firm, so strong, so straightforward, like tho. nature of the man who' wrote the letter. The tears sprang to her ayes ' as she came to the end, and her band crushed the thin paper in a paroxysm of vexation or despair. "Six months— perhaps a year before ho con come book, and l am to.goon.Uving here— alone, unless I liko to send for a girl whose face I never eaw, to keep me company, and cheer me with her good spirits. I want no strange girls. I want ho ouo's good spirits. I hste people with good spirits. I want him, and nobody hut him 1 It is hard that we should be parted like this. I ought to have gone with him, in spite of all tho doctors in Christendom." She relented towards the letter which her feverish hand had used so badly. Shesmootiied out tho flimsy paper oarefully with that pretty little hand, anu then she re-read tho husband's letter, so full of grave tenderness and foud, eon- soling wards. Ho was with his regiment in Burmnh, and the E resent aspect of things gave him no hopo of eing able to return to England for the next half year, and there was no certainty that the half year might not be stretolied into a whole year. The separation could not bo more irksome to his dearest Isola than it was to him, her husbaud of little moro than a year; but not for worlds would ho have exposed her to the risks of thai climate. Ho took comfort in thinking of her in the snug littlo Cornish nost, with his good Tsbitha. Isola kissed the letter boforo she put it in her pocket, and then she looked round the room ' rather dolefully, as if tha Cornish nest wera not altogether paradise. And yet it was a pretty little room enough, half diningroom, half study, with well bound books on oarved oak shelves, and photographs and bright draperies, and cosily cushioned bamboo chairs, and a bird cage and Persian cat, and the gardon outside was not flowerless, even on the threshold of winter. Tho purple blossoms of tho veronica were untouehed by frost; there were pale tea rases gloaming yonder against the dark gloss of holly and laurel. Thero wera star shaped single dahlias of vividest red, like spots of flame ; and close under the window,' last splendor of doparted summer, the waxen olialice of a lilium auratum trembled on its tall stem, and filled the room with pcrf umo. . Tha rain was over— the monotonous drip, drip, which had irritated Isola's noryou all that morn ing, had ceased at last. She left the modest little lnnoh untouehed upon the tablo, and went out into the hall, where her list and jacket hung liandy for any impromptu ramble. . N.o nocd to look at oneself in the glass before going out of doom, at 20 years of age, and in such a place as Troluico. Isola took her stick from the Btand, a green orange stick, bought in the suuny South, an her way to Venioo with her husbaud last year, ; a leisurely trip, which bad beon .to them as a second honeymoon after a few happy months of.wodlook. Then had eome the sadness of parting, and a swift and lonely leturn journey for. tho young wife— a lonely, return to the Angler's Nest, Trolasco, that cosy eottsge between Lostwithicl and Fowey, whioh Major Disney had bought and furnished'. before his marriage. Ho was a son of the sail, and ha hod chosen to uitch his tent in that' rcmoto spot for tho sake of old associations, and from a fixed belief that there was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty and all other virtues which a man should seek in his homo. Isola rarely touched that stick without re momhering tho dny it was bought — a rainy day in Milan — just such a day as this, a low, grey sky and an oppressive mildness of atmosphere. She remembered with the sick pain that goes with long partings how she and lier husband had dawdled away an afternoon in the Victor Emmanuel Gallery, buying handkerchiefs and nock ties, a book or two, a colleotion of photo graphs, and finally tlio orango stick. She went out to. walk down her depression boforo tea time, if possible. Sho went along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a react that skirted those green pastures whioh rose sheer till the ragged edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch the dim, grey sky. She passed tho villoge inn, deadly quiet at this season iihd at this hour. She passed the half dozen decent cottages, and the thrco or four gentcclcr houses, each in its neatly kept garden, and she walkod with quick, light step along tho wet road, her useful tailor gown well clear of tho mud, her, stick striking tho liodgo row now and then; as she Bwung it to and fro in dreamy thought. . A long, lonely winter to took forward to — a winter liko the last — with her books and draw ing board, and her cottage piano, and the cat and tho fox terrier, and Tabitha for her daily companions. There wcro a few neighbor! within a -radius of. half a dozen miles, who had been very civil to her ; w.ho called upon her, say once in six weeks; who sometimes invited her to a stately dinner party, and sometimes at a suspi ciously short notice, whioh mado her feel she was wanted to fill a gap ; who mado hor freo of their tennis lawns ; and who talked to her on Sundays aftor church, nnd wero always very particular in inquiring for any news from India. There, was . not one among them for whom sho ciircd:; not one to whom sho would hnve liked to' pour out her thoughts about ICeatB or Shelley, or to whom sho would liavo confided hor opinion of Byron. Sho liked Bulwor's Audley Kgcrton better than any of those flesh and blood neighbors. Sho was happier sitting by lior chimney corner with a novel than in the best society available within a drive of Trc- Iaseo. ) Sho , struck ofT tho high road into a lane, a lane. that .led to the base of a wilder hill than .that where tlio red '' cattle were grazing. Tho crest-itf tho lull was common land, mid dark -flr'troes inndo a waving lino ngainat tho autumn sky, and tho view from the summit was wide and vnried, with a gliinpso of the great brawn cliffs and tho dark grey soa far off to tho west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off the watery way to tha new world. On the landward slopo of that wild looking ridge was tha Mount, Lord Lostwithiol's place, unin habited for the greater part of tho year except by servants, his lordship being the very last kind of man to bnry himself alive in a rcmoto Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the London theatres and the Thames Yacht Club. "Who was Lord Loslwitliiol ? Well, in tho estimation of Trolasco he was the only nobleman ill England, or say that ho was to nil otiior peers ns tho sun to. the other planets. He belonged to Trclasoo by reason of his large landed estate and the ocoidcnt of his birth, which had taken place at the Mount, and . although his character and way of life wore not altogether satisfactory to tho villago mind, Trclaseo made the nest ot mm. Isola Disney climbed tho hill, an easy matter to light footed 20. She stood amidst the tall fir columns, end looked down at tho November landscape, very distinotly defined in tho soft, grey atmosphere. Sho oould see tlio plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fieldH below, tho oltimsy farm horses white .against the deep rich rod. Sho oould bco tlio winding river, bluish grey, between its willowy hanks, and far off towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orango and tawny and russet and dun color between tho blue grey water and the palo, grey sky. She loved this wild, lonely hill, and felt her piritsrisein this lighter atmosphere as she stood resting against the soaly trunk of- a fir, with the wind blowing her liair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of thoso empty rooms,' where she had only the sleepy Persian eat or the hyper-intelligent fox terrier for company. There was a longer and moro picturesque way homo than that by which she had come. She oould descend tlio other side of the hill, skirt tlio gardens of the Mount by a path that led through the Park, and whioh was free to' foot passengers. It was one of lier favorite walks, and alie was so accustomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never expected to mcot any. olio moro alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child upon the footpath. Thero .was a thick chestnut copse upon one Bide, and the wido expanse of undulating turf, with an occasional clump of ohoice timber, upon the other. Tho house stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown tho intention of tho landscapo gardener who planned thorn. Only the old grey stono gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall olustored ohimnoys, showed above tho copper beeches, aud deodaras, the laurels, and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining messes of arbutus with their eriinson berries gleaming amongst tho green. Isola had never Been that old Manor Hoiuo nearer than sho bow it to- dny, from the path which was a pablio right-of-way through the park. She knew tlmt tha creator nart of the building dated from the reign of Charles II., but that there were older hits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially there were numerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not with out the susplolon of ghosts. Tlio Mount was not a show place, like the home of tho Trclfrys at Fowey, anil of late yoars It had been very Boldom inhabited, except by certain human fossils who had served the houso of Hnlbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at thoso quaint old gables, those clustered stono ohimneyB, likoning the house amidst its over grown shrubberies to tlio Sleeping Beauty's Oastlo, and had wished that she were on friendly torms with oneof tlioso drowsy old retainers." "I dare sajr if I were daring enough to open one of the doors aud gain I should find them all asleep," sho thought, "and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awakening anybody." Slid was too depressed and disap pointed to-day to give mora than a careless, unseeing, glance- at those. many gables as she walked along the muddy path beside the dripping, oopse. The chestnut boughs were nearly bare, but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of tlio sun ; and though tho leaves were lying sodden and brown among the rank wot grass, thero were emerald mosses and cool grecu ferns, and red and orange fungi to give color to tlio fore ground, and to the littlo vistasthat opened here and there amidst tlio taiigle of underwood. - Thoso final' yellow gleams .wore fading low down in tlio western sky as Isoln turned her face towards tlio river and: tlio Angler's Nes.t, nnd just above that palo rndionoe of a watery aunset- tliero stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must mean mischief. She looked at that blaok lino appre hensively. ' Sho was three miles from home, without waterproof cloak or umbrella, anil with no available shelter within three-quarters of a mile. Sho quickened hor pace, watching the fading light and lowering cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, sho knew not what. A sudden deluge resolved all Iter doubts. Torrential rain 1 That was tho meaning of tho inky bar above tlio sotting sun. Slio looked round lior helplessly. Should sho dart into the copse, nnd try to shelter herself amidst thoso leafless twigs, those slender withies and saplings? Better to fnce the storm and plod valiantly on. Hor neat littlo cloth gown would not bo much the worso for a ducking, her neat little feot wera nccustomcd to rapid walk ing. Should she run ? No ; useless when there woro throe miles to bo got over. A brisk, steady tramp would bo better. But bravo as sho was that fierce rain was far from pleasant. It out iuto hor eyes and blindod hor. She had to grape hor way along tho path with her stick. " Pray let me tako you to tho house," said a voice close behind, lier, a man's voice— low and deep, and with the accents of refinement. Could one of Lord Lostwithlel's fossilised ser vants talk like that? Impossible. She looked up, ns well as sho could under that blinding downpour, and saw n tall man standing beside tlio pathway with his back to the copse. Liko Rosalind, he Was more than common tall, and of slim, active figure. He was pale, and woro a short dark beard, and the eyeB which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about as much as she could see of the stranger in tlio Novombor dusk. "Fray, let me pernuade you to come to the house," he said, urgently. "You arc being drenched. It is absolutely dreadful to see any body out in such rain, nnd there is no other shelter within; resell. Lot me take you there. My housekeeper will dry your lint and jacket for you. I ought to introduce myself, porhaps. I am Lord Lostwithicl." Sho had guossed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place ? Sho dimly recalled a photograph, pale nnd faded, of a tall man in a yoomanry uniform, scon in somebody's album ; and the face of the photograph had been tlio same elongated oval face — with long thin noBe, and dark oyos a shade too near together which was looking down at her anxiously now. She felt it would bo churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. "You nro very kind," sho faltered, "lam sorry to bo so troublesome. I ought not to have come so far in suoh doubtful weather." Sho went .with liirn mockly, walking hor fastest under tho polting rain, which was at her back now as tliey made for the house. "Have you really coma far?" lie asked. " From" Trclaseo. I live at tho Angler's Nest, a cottago by the river. .You know it, perhaps?" "Yes. I know every liousoalTrelnsco. Then you are staying with Mrs. Disney, I pre sume? "I am Mrs. Disney." "Yon ?" with intense surprise. " I beg your pardon. You are so young. I imagined Mrs, Disney was an older person.!' He glanced nt the girlish figure, the pale, deli cate face, anil told himself that his new acquaint- tance oould scarcely b» more than 19 or 20\. Ho hail mot Major Disnoy, a man who looked about 40— a luoky follow to have oaught such a pretty bird ns this. They bad reached the shrubbery by this time, and wore hurrying along a winding walk whore tho rain reached them with loss violenco. Tlio narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in lrontot tnalionse. ijosiwiimei openeu a half glass door, and led Mrs. Disnoy into the : library, a long, low room, full of curious nooks nnd corners, formed by two deep chimney pieces, and by tbo projeoting wings of the heavy oak I bookcases. Isola had never seen any room so filled with hooks, nor hnd she ever seen a room with two suoh chimney . pieces of statuary mnrblo, yellowed .with ago, elaborately carved with cherubio head, and Cupids, and torches and festal wreaths, bows aud arrows, lyres and urns. . A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was hither tliAt Lostwithiel brought his guest, wheeling a large armehair in front of tho blaze. " If you will take off your hat and jacket, and sit down there, I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you," ho said, with hishand upon the bell. " You are moro than kind. I must hurry home direotly tlio rain abates a little, I have n good old servant who is sure to bo anxious about me," said Isola, devouring the room with greedy oyos, anxious to take in every detail of this enchanted castle. Sho might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Loitwitbiel was so seldom there., His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbor hood. Tho tliirgs lie ought to have done and did not do. would have filled a book. He had been wild in his youth. . He had once owned a theatre. Ho hod done, or was supposed to have done, things whioh were spoken of with bated breath ; but of late years he had developed new ambitions, nnd had done with theatrical specu lations. He had become litorory, scientific, politio.il., He was one of the lights of the intel lectual world, or that small scotion of the intel lectual whioh is affiliated to the smart world. Ho knew all tho olevor pooplo in London, and a good many of the intellectualities . of Paris, Berlin and Vienna. .Ho bad never married ; but it was supposed that he would eventually marry, before he was 40, and that ho would make a groat match. Ho .was. not rich, but be was Lord Loslwitliiol. Ho was by 110 moans hand some. but be was said to bo one of tho most fascinating men in London. Isolapnucd off her jacket slowly, looking about her all the time ; and Lostwithiel forbore from offering hor any assistance lest he should increase her evident shyness, A man in plain olothes, who looked moro like valet than a butler, answered tho bell. "fiend Mrs. Moyne, nnd bring tea, ' ordered bis lordship. ..... "What a slender, girlish form it was which tile removal of tlio twood jaeket revealed. Tho slim waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened a delioaoy of constitution. Tho throat waa beau tiful, milk white, the thront of Diana, and tho head, now the hat was off, would also havedono for Diana ; a small cIosbIo head, with soft, brown hair drown amoothly away from tho low, whito brow nnd rolled into a knot at the baok. . Tho features were as delicate as the complexion, in which tliore was no brilliancy of coloring, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes wero dark grey, with long brown lashes, and their present expression was botweon anxiety and wondering interest. Lostwithiel wsb not suoh a coxcomb as to ap propriate that' look of interest. He saw that it was his liouae and not himself whioh inspired the fooling. . . "You like old houses, I can bco, Mrs. Disney, lie said, smiling ait her. " Dearly,- Tliey aro liko poems in brick and stone, are they not? I daresay there are stories about this room ?" " Innumerable Btories. I should liave to ran sack the Record Office lor some of them and to draw upon a very bad memory to a porilous ex tent for others." " Ib it haunted?" . " I am riot ono of those privileged persons who seo ghosts ; neither seventh son of a seventh son ; nor of the medium jstio temperament;. but I have hoard of an apparition pervading tho house on occasions, and uoing seen in this room; whioh is ono of tho older rooms, a part of that building which wob once a grange annert&iniha; to a certain small monastery, put down by Henry VIII. and rccordod in tho Blaok Book. As ono of the oldest rooms, it is naturally un canny ; but as I have novor suffered any incon venience in that line, I make it my own particular don." "It is tho most pictnresquo room I ever saw. And what a multitudo of books I" exclaimed Isola. "Yes; I liavo a good many hooks. I am always buying ; but I find I never liavo oxactly the book I want. And as I liavo no librarian, I am too apt to forgot tho hooks I have. If I could afford to spend mora of my life at tho Mount, I would cngagosomo learned gentleman, whoso life had been a failure, to take care of my books. Are you Cornish, liko your husband, Mrs. Disney ?" - "No. I was bom at Dinon." " What ! in that medieval Breton city?.: You are not French, though, I think?" "My mother anil father were both English, but my sister aud I woro born and brought up in Brittany. ... Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idoa that when English peoplo live for a good many yenrs in a Broton town they linvo reasons of their own, genorally financial, for their clioico of a settlement. Ho was a man who oould not have spent six months of his life awuy from London and Paris. The hotisokeopcr made hor appearance - and offorcd lior sorviaes. She wrung tho rain out of Isola's cloth skirt, and wiped tlio muddy hem. Slio tookclmrge of the jnaket and hat, and at Loitwitliicl's suggestion sho remained to pour out tlio tea. Sho was a very dignified person, in a black silk gown and n lace cap, and slio treated bor master ns if had been a domi- god. Isola coulil not bo afraid of taking ton in this matronly presence, yet silo kept looking nervously to wards tlio window in front of her, where the rain best with undiminished forco, and where tho darkoning sky told of impending night. " I sco yon aro gotting anxious, Mrs. Disnoy," said Lostwithiel, who had nothing to do but watch hor face, such nil expressive face at all times, so picturesquely beautiful when touohod by tho flickering light of the low wood fire. "If 3ou liavo. to wait for fine weather you may be here all night, and your good peoplo at home would be frantio. I'll order a carriage, and you can be at home in three-quarters of an hour." "Oh, no, Lord Lostwlthlol, I couldn't givo you so much trouble. If your hotisekooper will ho so very kind as to lend mo a cloak and urn- brelln, I can get homo very well. And I had hotter start nt oncc." "Ill tlio rain, alone, and in tho darkness. It will be dark before you are home in any case. No, Mrs. Disney, if I wero to permit such a thing I should expeot Major Disney to call me out direotly ho came home. He is in India, I think?" "Yes. Ho is with his regiment in Burmab." " Do you expeot him lioino soon?" " Not very soon ; not for six months, or per haps longer. It was that which made me walk sofnr." Lostwithiel looked puzzled. " I mean that I was so disappointed by his letter — a lettorl received to-day— that I wont out for a long walk to walk down my bad spirits if I could, and hardly know how far I was going. It has mado me infliot trouble on you, and Sirs.—: — " " Mayne. Botli Mrs. Mayne and I are de lighted to be of use to you. Order the station brougham, Dalton, immcdiatoly," to the man who answered his bell. " Tha carriage can naruiy no ready in less wan swcniy minutes, so pray try to do justiee to Mrs. Mayne's ten." " It is delicious tea," said Isola, sipping it luxuriously, enjoying the fire glow, and the dancing lights upon tho richly bound books in all their varieties of coloring, from eriinson and orange tnwny to cream vellum. Sho was evidently relieved hi her mind by the knowledge that she was to bo drivon homo pre sently. . " If you aro really interested in this old house yon must come some sunny morning and let Mrs. Mayne show you over it," said Lostwithiol, esta blishing himself with his cup and sauoer upon tho other sido of the hearth. " She knows all the old stories, and she has a better memory tban I." . . " I should liko so much to do so next summer, when my husband can come witli me." " I'm afraid Major Disney won't care mueli about the old place. He is a native of thoso parts, and must bavo been here often in my father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next October for the shooting — but tbcre is no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morning tbatyou have nothing better to do. Mrs. Mayne is always at home ; and as I am nlwoys out of doors in the morning you can have the houso to yourselves and talk about ghosts to your heart's content." " Ob, my lord, I bopb I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house," pro tested Mrs. Mayne. " My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as rcspoot- able an institution as a family tree." Isola murmured some vague acknowledgment of his civility. She was far too shy to liavo any idea of taking advantage of his offer. To re enter that house nloue of her own accord would be impossible. By and by, with her husband at lier side, she would be bold enough to do any thing, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to otfer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for tho shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. Slio wandered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in suoh a house. After this there oame a brief silenae. Mrs. Mayao stood straight nnd prim behind tha tea table. Nothing wouui navo inuueeu ner to sit in his torusuips presence, aiueit sua una dandled him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and Quo flannel whicli composed his raiment, and alboit his oasy familiarity might have invited some forgetfulnes of oaste distinctions. Mrs. Mayno fully understood that she was wanted there to set tile stranger at Iter caso, and she performed her mission; but oven her presenco could not relieve Isola's shyness. Sho felt liko a bird caught in a net, or fluttoring in the grasp of some strong but kindly band. She sat listen ing far earriago wheels, and only hearing the dull thumping of her own soared heart. And yet lie was bo kind, and yet ho so fully realised her Idea of high bred gentleness, that slio ncod hardly liavo been so troubled by the situation. Slio stole a glauce at him ns he stood by tlio chimney-piece, in a thoughtful nttitudo, looking down at the burning logs on, tho. massivo old andirons. The .firelight shining on a face above it will often give a 'sinister look to the opencat countenance ; and to-night Lostwithiol's long, narrow face, dark deopset eyes and pointed board had soiho touch of tue diabolical ill that rod and uncertain glow ; an effeot that was but instantaneous, for as tho light changed the look passed, and she saw him os.lio really was, with his palo and somewhat sunken cheeks, and. eyes darkly grave, of oxoooding gcntlenoss. " Have yon lived long at tho Angler's Nost," Mrs. Disnoy ?" he asked, nt last. "Nearly: a year and a half; evor since my marriage, with just ono intorval in the south of France, before Martin wont to India." ; - . " Then I need not ask if you are heartily siek of the place?" t " Indeed, I should not bo tired of 'tlie cottage or the neighborhood if my husband were nt home. I am only tired of solitudo. Ha wants me to send for Ills sister— a girl who Is just leaving school— to koep mo company ; hut I detest seliool girls, and I would much rather be alone than endure a perpetual Utc-A-ltte of that kind." "Yon aro wiso beyond your years, Mrs. Disney. Avoid the sister, by, all means. Sho would bpro you to death— a soainpcring, exu berant girl, who would develop hysteria after ono month of Trolasco dulnoss. Bosldes, I am .sura you have resources of your own, and that you would ratlior endure solitude thau uncongenial company.". Isola sighed and shook her bead rather dole fully, tracing tho pattern of tho Persian rug witli the point of her stick. ."I am very, fond of books, and of musio," she said ; " but one getB tired of being alone after a tlmo. It seems suoh ages sinee Martin and I said good-bye in Venice. I was dreadfully unhappy at first. I stand almost alono in the woild, when l am parted from liim." "Your father and mother aro dead?" in gontlost inquiry. "Oh. no; tliey are not doad ; tlioy arc' at Dinan," she said, almost as if it wero the same thing. . " And Hint is very far from Trolasco." "They never leave Dinan. Tho kind of life suits them. Mamma knits; papa has his club nnd bis English nowspapcrs. People enjoy the English papors so muoh more wlion tliey livo abroad than when they arc at home. Mamma is a very bad sailor. It would be a risk for her to cross. If my sister or I were dangerously ill, mamma would oomo. But it would bo at the hazard of her life. Papa has often told me so." " And your father, is he a bad sailor ?" " He is rather worse than mamma." "Then I oonoliide you wore married at Dinan ?" "Oli, yes; I never left Brittany until my wedding day." "What a pretty-idea. It is as if Major Disney had found a new kind of wild flower in some nook or oranny of that old grey wall that guards the town." " You know Dinan ?" " Tliore arc very fow places within easy reach of a yachtsman that I don't know. I have anohored in almost every bay between Cher bourg and Brest, and have rambled inland wherever tliore was anything worth Beeing within a day's journey from the coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may liavo passed you in the street there. Do you sketch, by the way ?" "A little." " Ah, then, perhaps you are one of tho young ladies I have seen sitting at street corners or under arahways, doing fearful aud wonderful things with a box of moist oolors and a drawing board." " The young ladios who sit about the streets are tourists," said Isoia, with a look of dis gust. ... "I understand. Tho resident ladies would no more do suoh tilings than they would sit upon tlio pavement and make pioturcs of salmon or men of war in colored chalks, like our metro politan artists." "I think I hear a carriage," said Isola, putting down hor cup and saucer, and looking- at her jacket, whioh Mrs. Mayne was holding' before tbo fire. " Yes, that is the carriage," answered Lost withiol. opening the glass door. " What a night. The rain is just as bad as it was when I brought jruu iiiuuurs. "If you will accept the use of a shawl, ma'am; it would be safer than putting on this damp jacket." " Yes, Moyne, get your shawl. Mrs.. Disney will, wear it, I know." The housekeeper bustled out, and Lostwithiol and liis guest were alono, looking at each other somewhat helplessly, as they stood far apart, she iu the glow of tho hearth, be in tho darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject of. conversation bad- been exhausted; Tbeir embarrassment was increased when Dalton and a footman eame in with two great shining lamps, anil flooded the room with light. " I hardly know how to thank you for having taken so mucii trouble about me," Isola faltered presently, under that necessity to say something which is one of tho marks of shyness. . " There has been no trouble. I only hope I got you out of that pelting rain in timo to save you from any evil consequences. Strange that our acquaintance should begin in such an aooi- dontal manner. I shall be very glad to know more of Major Disney when lie comoB home, and in the meantime I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting: you sometimos. No doubt you know everybody in the neighborhood, so we can hardly help running against each other somewhoro." . . . Isola smiled faintly, thinking that tho chances of any such meeting wero of tho slightest ; but she did not gainsay him. He wanted to say something oourteous no doubt, and had gone into nonico question of probabilities before be spoke. She bad heard liim described by a good many people, who had liintod darkly at his shortcomings, but bad nil agreed as to his polite ness and persuasive powers. "A man who would talk over Satau himself," said the village lawyer. Mrs. Mayne appeared with a comfortable shepherd's plaid shawl, whioh she wrappod care fully about Mrs, Disney, in n pleasant, motherly fashion. Tile rain had all been shaken off the little felt hat, which had no feathers or frippery to spoil. Peoplo who live in tho West of Eng land mako their account with wot weather. - Lord Lostwithicl handed his gnest into tho carriage, and Btood bareheaded in the rain to wish her good-bye boforo lie shut the door. " I shall be very anxious to know that you liavo escaped cold," lie said, at tho last moment, " I hope you won't think me a nuisance if I call (o-inorrow to inquire." Ho shut the door quickly, aud tho brougham drove off .before she oould answor. She was alone in tho darkness in the snug warmlittlccarriagc. There was a clock ticking beside her, n sound that startled hor in tho darknoss. Tlioro was a basket hanging in front of her, and an odor of oigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear rug, lined with softest cloth, which almost filled the carriage. She had never sat in such a carriage. How different from the mouldy' old Olarenco in which slio occasionally wont to din! ner parties— a capacious vchlolo with a bow win- dow like a seaside parlor. I She leant back in a oorner of the littlo carriage; wrapped in the soft and shaggy rug, wondering at her strange adventure. Sho had penetrated that mysterious house on Black Fir Hill, and she bad made the' acquaintance of Lord Lostwithiel. How much sho would have to toll Martin in;ber next letter. .She wrote .to, him every week— a iong loving letter, closely .written on thin, glazed paper, pouring out all her fancies . and feelings to the husband she . loved, with all her heart. . . : : - -.: ! 'She sighed as -ner thoughts recurred to tho latter received to-day. Six months; or. perhaps even a year, before ho was to come back. to lior; Yet the letter had. not been without bopofulness.' He had tho prospoct of getting .hi3. next stop boforo that yoar was over, and then, his coming home would bo a final return. ' Ho would: bo able'to.retire, "and he would buy some land— 100 aores.or.so— and breed horses— ono of hie youth' ful dreams— anil do a littlo building, porhapis; to enlarge and beautify the Angler's Nost, and his bofa' fthoald have a pair of ponies and a good saddle hone. He looked forward to a life of analloyod happiness. (to bb continued.) 