A GHOST OF THE PAST. Sir Robert Lisbern and his wife ware not particularly silly, as newly married couples go. For one thing, Sir Robert was thirty something; and when you are thirty something, gravity comes. But he was very much in love with his young wife. He handled her out of the family omnibus carefully, and the very prettiest ankle and the tiniest shoe peeped out for a moment as she stepped down before one of the big hotels on Trafalgar square. As she tripped up thu broad, carpetel stairs to her room, there was a look of great happiness in her eyes. "And is my dear girl quite happy ? " said Sir Robert. Young Lady Lisburn (she was tall and pleasant looking) turned to him affectionately. " Your dear girl," she said, "has had her worries in her life. She had one big worry." " How big ? " Lady Lisburn widened her arms to give an idea of the size. " But it's all over now, and I am very happy, Robert." "Perhaps," said he, "perhaps the dear girl will tell me all about it some day." " She may-some day," said the young bride, flushing. " Just now she is so contented that she doesn't want even to think about it." The next morning they went off to the Engadine. It was two months later when they returned, trunks and >ortmanteaus plastered all over with square and circular labels- Hotel Belle vue, and Hotel Bean Rivage, and a lot ot others. Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked very jolly and well. There were letters waiting for Lady Lisburn. She read them in her bed room. As she saw the writing on one of the envelopes, she grew red and then very white. She perused the letter again and again, with hands trembling and a face that locked into the mirror with a frightened look. Then she turned off the electric light and sank on her knees and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove out a good deal, visiting; but young Lady Lisburn looked ill and out of sorts, and scarcely spoke to her husband. He seemed to be repelled by her coldness. Once or twice she tried to rouse herself ; but the look of worry quickly came back, and her husband. placid and even as he was, could not help feeling disturbed. One evening, in the latter part of the week, Lady Lisburn was sitting at the open window of their room, her face resting on her hand, looking out into the square and seeing nothing. A page entered with a foreign mes sage. She opened it, read the type written words, and crumpled quickly the sheet in her hand as Sir Robert came in. "I want to say something to you, Robert," she said in a shaky voice. He came over to her. "I want to go away from you for a few weeks." " A few weeks ? " he repeate I blankly. "A few weeks. Unless you want me to be a miserable woman all my life, you must let me do this. Let me go ; and when I come back I shall be quite jolly, and I shall love you more than ever, and we-" "My dar,'" said Sir Robert, "you are perfectly unreasonable! You are not yourself-" " Unfortunately I am," interposed the young wife, sadly. " Or you wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous thing. hNow, love, just you go to bed early to-night and have a good rest, and you will be all right in the morning." '-If you don't let me go, Robert, I shall never be able to rest again. I shall be nothing but a curse to you and a misery to myself for all my life. Do let me go." " My dear love," said Sir Robert, rising with a very decided air, " if you absolutely refuse to tell me the motive for your disappearance, I absolutely re fuse to let you go." "Then I-then I must go without your permission." Phe said this without defiance and in the humblest way. Sir Robert went downstairs and stood at the hotel door for a few minutes, smoking his cigar rather quickly. Then he turned and went to the telephone room and looked in the book and rang up. Lady Lisburn, white and set of face, returned to her room and prepared for her journey. It was a sirprise to Sir Robert to find in the hal', not ten minutes later, the man for whom he had telephoned. He was a burly, scarlet-facedl man, and he gave his card to Sir Robert with an sawkward, fat bow. "THomAs B3P.sTEs, Fayre, Sweever and Company, Inquiry Agents." "Come into this room, Mr-Mr Beater." Mr Beater wiped his boots with par ticular care." "You'd like something to drink, perhaps ?" Mr Beater pulled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and said that he didn't know as a drop of whisky would do him any particular harm. At any rate, he said (he said this with the air of a man prepared for any experiment in the interests of science) he'd try. Sir Robert ordered a large whisky, and gave instructions that he was to be t3ld when Lady Lisburn left the hotel. "We need not hurry until that hap pens," said Sir Robert. He explained to Mr Bester what was required. There was to be no fus.s, insisted Sir Robert, and no interference. All that Beste, had to do w(s to follow Lady Lisburn, and if she was in any danger to wire Sir Robert at once, and himself take such steps as he might think were necessary. "That's the way," said Mr Bester. with approbation ; "take things calmly. Much better in the long run. I ought to know. I've been at it in the Yard and out of the Yard thirty year come next Febu'ary" "I suppose you have hid some interesting cases to deal with," remarked Sir Robert, politely. Mr Bester stood up and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment, anl then sat down again heavily. "The most interesting," he said, "are them that nobody don't deal with." Mr Bester took another sip from his tumbler and essayed to rest one knee on the other, but found the position for a gentleman of his rotundity uncomfortable, and relinquished the endeavor. " Look here, Sir Robert," sail Mr Bester, "here's a case in point. Just what you may call a little incident. This;," tlkin a wax r atch froa the box and sticking it upright on the table. "this is Mr Bertie Ellenborough; and this," taking another and sticking ii upright, " this is Miss-Miss Whatsher name. Really, I forgit the name. How ever, that don't matter." The door opened softly, out neither of the men noticed it. "Very well, then. Few years ago Mr Bertie Ellensborough (that's this one) knows Miss Whatshername (that's this one); and she loves him and writes him warm, rapturous letters - letters that she would be ashamed now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind you. Mr Bertie comes up to town, forgets her, goes to the bad, slips himself off to America and gets worse and worse. He becomes hard up, and what does he do, then, but blackmail Miss Whatshername." "Mean rascal !" exclaimed Sir Robert, heartily. "Blackmails her. I happens to go out to trace a chap, and I meets Mr Bertie in a bar, and he tells me all about it." "Ought to be hanged !" remarked Sir Robert. "But that isn't the worst. I tells him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a bit; and then Mr Bertie goes one better, and assures me that he burned those letters long ago, and he was only pretending he'd still got them. That beats anything, don't it ? There a scamp for you! Making a regular income out of it, too." " Girl married, I wonder ?" " So I unterstand," said Mr Bester. " Poor girl !" said Sir Robert; "wonder who her husband is ? 1' " Sir Robert ! " said a voice. They had not turned on the light, and the room was growing dark. "My love ? " he said. " They told me you wanted to see me," said Lady Lisburn; "and, my dear, I'm -I'm not going. I could not have known what I was talking about just now." "My dear heart !" exclaimed Sir Robert, delightedly. " Tell me what it was that was worrying you ? " W" hy, absolutely nothing," answered his wife. decidedly; " there was no excuse for it." They took each other's hands. " Shall I look in again. Sir Robert ? " said Mr Bester, respectfully. He hal been standing aside,. and pretending. with exc.'lent earoir faire, to look cut of the window. "' Oh, I bhg pardon, Bst-r !" said Sir Robert. " No, you needn't look in again. I'll send your people a cheque for your trouble. 