CHAPTER VIII. , Loijn Oswald's coxkhssiox. The eighteen yeai's that had come and gone since the marriage of his son aiid lieir, Lord Oswald Lennox, had not been years of perfect happiness and prosperity to the noble old Earl of St. Mau'r. ' ?'? ?''' ' ??? ?-??', His son had wedded the handsome heiress, Lady Victoria Ellesmere, as lie had commanded and entreated. LU-oni the hour ot that marriage, Lord Oswald Lennox, had been, changed \- completely froru h- olden self. He had given up his dissolute accociates,1 had destroyed his betting books, and sold his race horses, and ' turned over a new leaf 'in every sense of the word. He had become quite a reserve, and. his manner had been marked by a singular apprehensiveness, as if he were always expecting a blow to be dealt him. He grew to hate society, became morose, and, under his; brood ing terror and 7'erriorse, his health failed. _ We have said that he relinquished his evil accociates. There was one ex ception. He did not give up Clifford Melcombe, the man whom his father believed, arid Kvho was in truth his evil genius. But, as Lord Oswald reformed, so did Melcombe. He gave up his dissipat ions and became a model of respect ability. He shared Lord Oswald's prosperity for years,- receiving from him a liberal annuity for this silence and. discretion, rmtil Mr. Melcombe fell' heir, unexpectedly, to a fortune from his greatuncle, and was able to do. without his kind offices. ? After reading the report of the suicide believed io be that of poor lost Queenie, Lord Oswald had direct ed Melcombe to see that. her remains were properly interred, and this Mel combe had done, retaining, as we have said, Queenie's wedding ring and other few relics that had been found on the recessed seat of Waterloo-bridge, in his own possession. Although liis ,son and heir had ! married and reformed, according to his wishes, yet Lord Oswald was none the lass a disappointment to the old Earl St. Maur. His lordship Avas ambitious. He was very . prominent in the House of Peers, and he longed to see his son in the House. But Lord Oswald had no taste for politics. He seemed to have no bent in any direct ion. The young ?? man had borne the ?supposed snicide otpoor Queenie very lightly [after the first horror 6f remorse. He had engaged to marry Lady Victoria, had paid assiduous court to her, and professed himself her lover. But he was not wholly bad, weak though he assuredly was, and night after night he dreamed of his lost young wife as dead and drowned. He. seemed to see her, with her dripping garments and reproaeh fnl eyes, whenever he was alone. He' was haunted by his crime, for if (she were dead, he knew that, however she had' died,- his own hand had mur ~deredher. He had told her that she wa's not legally his wife, and lie knew that he lied in saying so. She was his wife before heaven and the laws of England, and had she lived he had not dared to marry. Believing her dead, he had con tracted his second marriage. On his way home from the church in which the ceremony had been preformed he had seen his wife, Queenie, pale as any ghost, but alive and in the flesh, standing upon the kerbstone, as we have described. He had stared at her incredulously, then in swift gathering -4j^rror. Queenie alive ! Then he .Vw.. abigamist, liabletoimprisonment. Or, if not that, seeinghe had believed her dead, he was liable to be expelled from his father's house, to be ' cut' by all his acquaintances, to be turned out to poverty, disgrace, and utter despair. He did not speak duriug the re mainder of his drive to Ellesmere House. The Lady Victoria, wrappei in herself and her splendours, sen-reel v noticed his silence and singular be haviour. At the wedding breakfast he looked more like a' statue than .'a man. He was haggard and white and ill, so that the wedding guests remarked it. Yet gradually his couiy ago came back to him. Queenie did not know his real name. How could she make him trouble? That she might studj- out the mystery of his identity never occurred to him. His poor young wife had been a very child in her innocence and ignorance of the world, llehadnothing to fear from her jinny efforts to retrieve herself, or to lind him. Oddly enough, as his fears of her vanished his early passion for her returned. The Lady Victoria was selfish and domineering, devoted to fashion and society. She had been pleased with his beauty — he was the catch of the season and she had won him. She never pretended to love him, but she ?often expressed her appreciation of his worldly position, ftntl ftiso .'JOttiltBtl upon becoming Cuimfcl#H. of Sti ftl&Ui;' nn-i wwuww \\\\\ \\\% imni estates j*e^» tniniiiii- to the earldom - The better he know her the more Lord Oswald's* heart turned in rehiorRCini love ''to liis v.'ifc, to Queciiie. Whom ho had So i+orribiy; so1 iiionstronsly wronged. Sometimes lie fclt that he could give up everything and work like some humble toiler by the day, only to have Queenie back again— Queenie Tin her fair' young beauty, as he had known her before the blight had fallen upon her life.. . ,.- -: , But he had never dared'makV ' any' search for her — never dared mention lier name even to Gifford Melcombe. Lord Oswald had taken his second [wife aboard, immediately upon thefr marriage, and they had spent two rBus upon rue ? c'inii/iiiciii-, nu not daring to return to England. His father's peremptory summons had at last compellecUiis return. He came back, the shadow of him self, and settled upon the 'country estate his father had given him. The Lady Victoria went to fjondon dnrihg the season and was the gayest of gay.' She entertained, many guests at her own home, and waited impatiently for the earl's death, when she should attain the glories she had so long dreamed of. Those glories were destined to re main to her for evor only a dream. No child came ni this second marriage. -. The old earl sorrowed deeply be cause no heir had come to his titles and 'estates. The Lady Victoria grieved also, hat Lord Oswald, it was noticed, seemed pleased that he should leave behind him no heir to his' sorrow and shame. ' 1 cannot bear it,' said the old Lord St. Maur, once, in speaking with his son upon the subject — '/I cannot bear this failure of our line, Oswald, this- extinguishment of our name. If you have no child, our name will die out of the English peerage.' /Lord Oswald sighed heavily, but made no answer. '? If you only had one , son or daughter,' continued the eai-1, sorrow fully. It would make no difference which. The title and estates descend, by the distaff side as well, 3-011 know. Our title has come down to us through more than one female heir. And a Ejin woum continue to Dear me niie after her marriage, and her eldest son would succeed — but no more of this. We won't give up hope yet, Oswald.' But the time came when hope died in the old earl's breast. Ten years after his marriage with the Lady Victoria Ellesmere, Lord Oswald Lennox died. 'He was the only child of the earl, his snpposed only living descendant. The extinction of the grand old race seemed at hand. . v Lord Oswald Lennox died at the country seat his father had assigned to his use. Lady Victoria had gone up to London,' and was presiding over her father's town residence, Ellesmere House, with her usual hospitality. Lord Oswald had been ill for weeks, and had sent for her. She, Jiad been^ falsely alarmed before, and curtly declined to come to- him. London was very gay at this moment, and she wished to loose nothing,of its' festivities. . : . Then Lord Oswald sent for his father. ,,, The old eai'l came to him at twi light of a wild March day. ' He' had travelled express from London, . and. hurried up to his son's room, without stopping to rest. The years had not robbed Lord Sf. Main* of his- staieliness , and air of grandeur. Noble of mien, and up right of carriage, he bore his years like his honour, without seeming to feel them. He was the veiy model of. an English nobleman. But if he had not perceptibly changed, liis son would scarcely have been recognized. The heavy damask curtains covered the windows, shutting out the dark ness and storm. A tire ' burned in the grate with a dull red glow. The nurse sat at the foot of the bed in the shadow of the drapery. A physican stood by the bedside feeling Lord Oswald's feeble, : flickering pulse. His face, was very grave. Thet end was near. : . ? . ; . 1, . V ' ??? ? ' '' ' The old earl ' approached: the bed side', his stem features', working. How pale and thin and wasted -was Lord. Oswald. Remorse had 'donei more, to sharpen those once beautiful featm'es than disease, f Since the young man had known that he must die, he had been ajprey to the keenest tortures of mind. He had been watch ing all day for. his father, praying to live till the earl should come, but now his strength was ebbing. ,, ......:. ' .Oswald !' said the earl in a chok-, ing voice. ?,;-?? ? .,. ?;- ??,.-?, ? 'f 'Father!' cried his son jf opening his eyes. 'Vather!' vThe physician laid down the hand he held' and- jput up' his watch. He shook his head at the earl's mute, agonized look of inquiry. ' How long a time remains to me, doctor*?' asked the young man 4 The doctor hesitated, but tb,ere was no time for flattering observations. ' If you have any communication to make to your father, Lord Oswald, yon should make it at once;' he said, gravely.. ? ?' ' Then leave me with him. Go out, all of, yon.' The doctor and the nurse went out. The earl knelt by the bedside. He had been cold and stern since the death of his Avife, years before, but he realized now that he had dearly loved. his son. ' Father,' said Lord Oswald, faint ry, '..I have something to tell you — a secret. I cannot die Avith it on my mind.' ' A secret,, my son ?' ' i could never tell you before. You were the soul of honour. You hated anything that savoured of dis honour. Father, I have been a rascal, a hypocrite, a villain, all these years :??:': My son !' cried the earl, believing 'that' Lord Oswald's mind was wander ing. ' Shall I. call the doctor ?' 'No! You think 'me delirious ! Look into my eyes j I am telling the truth at last! Water! Give me Avater ! The earl gave him a drink.- ? i i ? There was no delirium in Loi'd Oswald's eyes, only a remorseful agony that went to the earl's soul, startling him beyond description, li What is it ?'' he asked. ' Tell me, frankly— — ' ' I— I am afraid,'' said the young man, weakly. (To be continued.) 