MR NEILL AND SEPARATION. TO TUB Kin TOR GLADSTONE OUSKRVER. Sin, — Tho perusal ol Mr Neill s epistle in your last issue would load many ot your readers to inter that ho hid spiked his guns or given up the ghost on tho above question, in fact had altogether shown the white feather thus oirly in the contro versy. It was my intention after settling preliminaries to have met him in a friendly spirit to discuss tho several points of interest Unit surround tho question of Separation, but unfortunately, through adop ting a ii ma, I am deprived of so doing, aud am further to snfi'er tho obloquy and rnnoour of Mr Neill, who views me with " insoiont contempt," and also considers me a " moan cioaturo," &o.; As to the contempt, if it gives bim any pleasure ho is .welcome to it. But whore the insolence couiob in I fail to see. as I simply replied to a subject which he himself formally opened. Then about the "creature's meanness;" well I suppose we all hold opinions on the standard of mean ness, which doubtless vary according to the temperament and peculiarity of individuals. For instance, 1 have h -ard of a person, whilst bossing a labor gang, to stop an hour's pay from each of his snhordinat.es, the time taken by them in burying a dead comrade. Now, this class of meanness carries with it a Etrong undercurrent of businesslike aptitude, and perhaps brands a man us luiug fit for anything and dosorving of n worse epithet than that of " nieau creature." Mr -Jill It's fine sensibilities 011 the (I nestion of meanness uppcar oulv to boaroua d when his invitation ie mot by tin nuonymous opponent. What's in a name ? as the im mortal Shakspeare exclaims. DoeB my liid.cn identity alter the issue of the ques tion or placo Mr Neill at a disadvantage, or duos ho imagine that tho uanie counts and not tho argument? Would Euclid's Ele- nionta of Geometry, Burns' Eyries or .Gibbons' prose bo thu less useful or sought by the intellectual world were sttcli vrKis anonymous? 1 am almost induoud to pity the Separation causo in its wild, pro longed drama, and the miserable uiagtiuni- mity displayed by their local champion iu tho first part of ft discussion courted and opened by himself; it goes to prove that such a weok-kuoed, lachrymose performer is not fit to espouse bo taking a farce. Bub to boootiHs serious, tho Central bepftra tion fizzle is undoubtedly a big question, and if it can be shown that such a revolution in our Constitution will place the Central Dis tricts financially in a hotter position, no doubt this district, to a man, will fall in with the movement. But this must be shown, not by hilarious guffaw and bald assumption, but by sound argument logically founded oil the bed rook of fact. On paper Separation ists inftko out a fairly good caso, but there is another view to bo taken of tho question, and another element to bo reckoned with. I thank you for your space, and shall always bo pleased to r.ise uiy voice on any public question affecting our long-neglected district when occasion demand#, if yon will mn a corner. — Yours, &o;„ COO-EK. Boyno River, February 3. 