ChapteeXX- — OneFkiend isd lUsr Foeh. Keith had hoped to make one more trip before laying up for the winter. Bat he had a comrade's consideration for his men. They had behaved splecdiiily, even when ruost they had reason to doubt lu£ seaTrnnship. anil he was anxious not only to keep fd.iih with tlieni to the letter bat to give them what be called 'a reight gnde merrie time.' They had signed articles of the most stringent if generous character. They were similar to tboee which PreeJie had signed in the days of Hoyland. Every oian had a vote in afiair ot moment, had an equal title to liquors and rations in times of pressure ; prize money was to be shared in proportions laid down, with proper regard to position and wages, from the captain to the humblest soul on board ; games of dice or cards for money were pro hibited ? lights were to be out at fixed tomes; no womanwas allowed on board ; all weapons were to be tept in clean and perfect order ; no quarrel was to be settled with aims on board ; duelling was discountenanced, and coold only take place with the captain's per mission, and Ihen the meetins must be on shore ; desertion in time of bsttlc was to be punishable with death ; equal severity to be meted out for the crime of robbery ; no man to retire from the service until his share of booty amounted to at least one thousand pounds ; injuries to the person in the Bervice to be compensated out of the common stock. This Bum of a thousand pounds apiece had already been earned by the capture of the St. Dennis, after the officers had received their proportionate shares, the captain taking three, and the subordinate officers two and one and a quarter. Tbe men of the Anne of Dart month who had signed articles with the rest were more than content, and tbe; were devoted to their new captain. The division of the spoil, the surveying of the ship, the excursions ashore, thegsFuening, the councils of war, and the em nights of grog and merriment, made tbe time go as quickly as it was pleasant. But before the month was coded, and on the eve of serious thoughts of a last brief cruise before the winter should set in, die wind changed, and the snow catne down in blinding storm that was followed by keen frosts and icy blasts, such as made it a very risk}- thing to engage in any further enterprise until tbe Spring. It was argued by some that inaction for six months at least would demoralise the crew ; and Preedie suggested that ic might be well to lift anchor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbour of -tew STotfe, where they could ship the extra hands necessary to the complete manning of their new vessel. But Keiih, with a lively faith in the strength of England, while he was willing to war against her, hinted that neither Salem nor any other American port iniirht be safe. Further more, the Americans would consider their captnre of the Si. Dennis an act of piracy in a flag flying the stars and stripes ; and as for a cruise in the Southern seas (also proposed by Preedie}, be was for letting well alone ; it was in these latitudes that it should most satisfy them all to make tlieir power felt. As for inaction, he planned our a continual fight with winter to keep open a track to the garden hut, and moreover there was plenty of work to be done in adapting the St. Dennis to their own tastes and requirements. He was for settling down into winter quarters, and those quarters the harbour of Wilderness Creek. While the question was being i1iwiw»n?_ Winter intervened with barriers that left no option whether the ship should sail or noL Tbe Master of the Frost and Snow drew his strong -*frfintt across both entrance and exit. The harbour was a little sea of ice. Jagged rock and «Jitwinyr bonlder were fringed with shining beads and pendants. Bergs began to form in the waterways outside the creek. Captain and crew accepted the inevitable, ami for socb * company they passed the tiaie in very wholesome fashion, fighting the snow and ice and potting the ship into perfect repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now and then debased by a debauch of drink and ribald songs, in which Keith would join with a wild uncontrollable energy. He had, nevertheless, fits of despair, days and nights of speechless depression, followed by an un nauu-al activity. His cheeks grew thinner and thinner, his aspect more and more gaunt. In appearance he hod put on a premature old age. Only half through the allotted span of man, he was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had nevertheless the brilliancy of youth. They sparkled in their cavernous depths. His thin hands were strong as eagle's daws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage mingled with his strangling beard, white and brown — a mixture of youth and age. His dress was picturesque in its careless common ness : a worn and ragged leather jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad bnckled belt with knife and pistoU, and a slouching hat of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange, thin, expressive face open to spn and storm, defiant, wild, vengeful. He might have been made of iron, so little did he heed or fear hardships of sport or march, of sleepless nights and days of perilous work and hard. In his profane way of looking at dungs he would say that God would not let bun die of cold or heat, of steel or pobou, it was His will to torture him with ghosts and fit him for the lowest depths of the fiery pit ; for fie had a grutige ?£'''** him which nought he might do of good or evil made anv account. Then he would steal away w here no eye ccnld see bim and weep bitter team and pray in a blasphemous manner, as one bereft. After this would come a calm, a tightening of the lips, and a planning of tuuraerons deeds oi plunder and of vengeance. For the open part of two years Alan Keith and the St. Dennis led a charmed We. Tbey were the scourge of the adjacent seas, and flea- their varied flags as far away as the Azores. Successful in every enterprise, they adjourned for occasional rest and safety to their landlocked fastness of Wilderness Creek. John Vrecdie had ventured to sail a valuable English prize into Salem, where he was re ceived with great rejoicing. Keith's lieu tenant had also succeeded in converting certain securities into current drafts. His letters from Plymptoa had also proved of preat value. Plympton's notes he hail turned into gold — at a considerable discount it is true. Furthermore, be had made arrange ments for the St. Dennis to go into port there or at Boston whenever she chose. A Washington anthority had secured him a proper commission for the St. Dennis. But Keith would not budge from Wilderness Creek. He had, however, early in the second season of his adventures as pirate «nd privateer, consented to the burying of tbe ship's remaining treasures. A party m mic mscs had been seen off the southern shores of the Creek, and with them, it was thongfat, an European officer. Furthermore, Keith had had the misfortune to take a British money ship, the very schooner with gold for the troops for which he had been on the look-out before hertime last year. The schooner had tried to give the brigantine the shp. but Keith had overhauled her, and, overmatched as the schooner was, she had 'f™™'?*; fooght desperately, and there had been kiUed and wounoid on both aides. Keith, after taking out her money and permitting the re mainder of her «ew to take to her boats, bad burnt the ship. By the weird light of her naming timbers the boats had been picked up by a British frigate, on her way to ™*» tbe conveying of an East India fleet She took the schooner's men aboard and made for w^lif.T where she landed them and reported the loss of the schooner. Here she met the St. George about to sail, and on board she carried lister Bentt, whose second-hand knowledge of Keith's harbour had been under serious consideration at the Admiralty, and who bad been compelled to sail with the it. George. Fortunately or unfortunately for Alan Keith, Fat Doolan had succeeded in making Ills escape from the ship on which he hid been held to sail for England. He bad cot back to Halifax in time to hear all about the doings of tbe pirate Keith, as he was called by the Englishmen there, who were rejoiced that arrangements were being made to take him and bis ship. Pat bad succeeded in getting on board a fishing-smack that was making her way into Labrador waters. They had witnessed tbe fight between tbe schooner and the brigantine, and on her wmy to Wilder ness Creek, Keith had thought it wise to bring tbe smack to in response to aagaals which Pat had suddenly exhibited without tbe permission of the master. Fat making himself known was uken off, to the great delight of Keith; and the St. Dennis began to drift towards Wilderness Creek, mucb to the astonishment of the smack, that was studiously giving Demon's Bock the customary wide berth maintained in all weathers by every careful mariner. The master watched the fateful ship plunge into the breakers, and all his hands stood aghast at the sight, unable to account for ber seeming 10 confound rocks and shoals, and broken water for the navigable ocean. Some fiend, no doubt, had taken bold of the helm ; while others beneath the keel had dragged her down ; for presently she dis appeared srithout a sign. The men of the stnack thankpd their good fortunes, that tbey were safe ; and Sandy Scot and his men gave a mighty cheer of welcome when once more they saw the Su Dennis sail into harbour. Fat Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to the heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt once dis covered, they would soon he face to lace with England afloat and ashore. If Micmacs had been seen, and with them an European offiser, they had best prepare for a fight to the death. Bentz on board the St. George was a sign that their days of ease were over. It was resolved to prepare for attack. Already there were several graves near about the entrance to the cure ot Demon's Bock. It was decided to add to these five others, that should be storehouses. They were to contain the more bulky of the company's booty. Conditions and agreements were entered into as to the future in respect of survivors. Keith had taken an extra bond of Fate in secreting such of his store of money and securities as be thought best to have nnder hU own peraonal control. This buried purse consisted of bis own personal savings at Heart's Delight, the moneys ennmsted to Preedie bv Plympton for their enterprise, his share of the Spanish haul at the Azores, and other smaller stores of stones and scrip. Five brandy and wine casks filled with booty, to be redivided among the survivors, were buried among the other graves. Upon them were piled stones and boulders in a careful, formal manner, each grave with its cross and rough record of names and ages. Bat the commander of the St. George had no notion of making acquaintance with the harbour of Wilderness Creek. He discounted the Bentz romance sufficiently to steer clear of such nonsense as a secret bay; but be was nnder tbe impression that there might after all, for a small shin, be steering way through the hiuwrto-regarded^s-inaccessible rocks to the west of Demon's Rock— perhaps W Belle Isle, any ship navigating such a course being shielded by the hillv coast, and finding her way many miles ontVo the eastward Keith had taken an entirely exaggerated view of the possibilities which grew out of the information brought by Doolan. In order to dear the way for the exit from the harbour and also to give reality to the graves, the treasure ship was piloted out and pennittol to go to pieces on the rocks ; and to this day there are remains of her still, wedged into the jagged foothills of the high torn that appear 10 march along the ahore, headland o^nyt^erT '^ ^ **~ '*? Pat's story of the destruction of Heart's Content and the carrying a-ay of Mympton did not serve to cheer tbe lowering spirits of Alan Keith. And Sally MumfHrdTS VJ son, what had become of them' Pat bad no news whatever of them. They bad dU appeared from hi. ken and knowledge from Oie moment the sodgers marched into Back bay \ aUey and Uld violent hands upon the had been able to give Sally conddeiblc money. »nd that he had advised her to make her way to Halifax. But the trouble bad so talen bold of hi, mind that be dStot riglltly remember anything ; and having been in the sea after his escape for a whole day and a mgK what he had really known haTgot washed ont of bun, and that was a fact. It bad been in bis nlind to find Miss Umufonl and oner her marriage, «, that he might have had authority to protect her and look after tbe boy ; but whether he would ever h«ve the pftinn-p to meet her again that was a. puzde sore, though it wasnotagreateriinprohability than bis having met Master Alan Keith the brave and mighty hero. Hie brave and mighty hero felt that he was doomed to a serious fall from the romantic heights to which he had soared in the imagination of Fat Doolan, and from the fairly safe position which he had hitherto considered secure at Wilderness Creek. Not that he feared death. That might come how and when it liked. Bat he Lad a grim idea that be was doomed for all kinds of miseries of captivity and torture, that he had for some untoward rcasou been «»fA^ down by fate or Heaven for black and cruel misfortune. After all was there a Divine and jealous God ? Had he offended the Majesty of Heaven in giving up the grand simplicity of toe Scotch chnrch for the false faith of Father Lavello, and for the selfish reason of being more acceptable to Plympton and his daughter? Keith brooded and drunk and drunk and brooded until he was in a fever of rage and violence ; and as if moved by the very fate he dreaded he ordered the St. Dennis to be once more ready for sea. The sight of Doolau had brought back to him pictures of his happy days, and he seemed to hear whispered prayers in a dearly-loved voice in the interest of little David. He commissioned Doolan to find his son, and thought of some provision for him that might be safe ; and be undertook to put the Irishman ashore at some favourable place or time for the purpose ; bat it was otherwise ordained. Leaving the southern outlet of Wilderness Creek, the St. Dennis found herseU under Ike surveillance of a frigate which presently made sail towards St. John's, possibly on convoy vork, for the fishing ubips were ©ace more sailing into Newfoundland waters. Keith1!) prime object was to put Doolan ashore, and Boston was thought to be bis best port The St. Dennis made for Boston : but before turn down found her course barred by that very three- decker from which ahe had escape*! iu her earliest adventure under Keith. Bearing down from the north, and now fairly in tdgliL was the frigate they had observed early iu the day, exchanging with her British signals, which had however not deceived her. Keith changed bis course and made for the Ifalwmaa ; and now began a chase, in which the brilliant seamanship of the captains was only equalled by the ''ling qualities of their ships. They were three graces of the sea, the three-decker . playing the magnificent part of Juno. At sundown the frigate flung a snot squarely into the lower rigging of the St Dennis, and the three-decker stood by to watch the tight ; for the St. Dennis was within range. Kcttli had not been idle. He had manoeuvred his ship bo as to get broad-side on, and hardly bad be roared down the main hatchway ' Fire,' than the St. Dennis trembled from keel to topmast with the explosion, that was Keith's response to the challenge of bis adversary. When smoke cleared it was seen that the frigate's mail -mast had fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. 'Noo, my lads,' shouted Keith, 'at her again while aheTs tekk'n np wf sails— noo, lads, wear ship— *bis time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, ah ! that's it ; by the lord shell ?wish she were back i* Halifax !' The brigaDttne broke out into thunder and lightning, and the frigate was sorely smitteu with the bolts. Her sails were in rags ; one of her two remaining masts was shattered. 'By the Lord, her deJto a cemetery,' shouted Keith ; 'stand by, boarders ! curse tt, the George is nae longer iookin* on !** The three-decker had no idea of continuing to play the generous part she had elected to observe at the beginning of the fight. Re~ gardinfr the two vessels as well matched, the Vice-Admiral was willing to let the frigate have the glory of tbe contest and capture ; but the frigate ni so hard bit that duty had now to give plwce to sentiment % and before Keith bad barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and the brigantine reeled under the blow that struck her fore and alt. As the sun dropped into the sea night came on alraoat like the dropping of a curtain, but not before the brigantine had sustained the shock of a second broadside from the St. George, directed with terrible and fatal skilL Tl brigantine was literally crushed under the weight of tbe murderous baiL If tbe darkness had been somewhat delayed the St. Dennis might have been saved by the foe and no doubt would have been, not only iu a spirit of humanity but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring master. Knowing the danger of the waters into wuich they had followed the retreating brigantine, the three decker and the frigate had stood out for tlie open eea. During the night the brigantine drifted upon tbe coral reefs of the Bahamas, and every soul except one was lost. He rose up ^rom the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure, with bleeding feet and hands torn upon the reels, stood forth in the night — blinded witii spray, deaf with the cries of the dying, and tbe rush and roar of tl waters. When morning broke the St, George sent off her pinnace to the reefe, hut tbe ship was already breaking np and no living soul could be Been, only a few floating bodies which the sea had not yet released from tlie spikes and spurs of the coral reefs. But on the barren shores of Abaco, before tlie day was over, that same #ritn figure with the bleeding feet and hanflff all torn fighting with tbe living rocks, rose up once more and walked in a world of mocking sunshine. (To he continued.) A Western {American off course) editor i? said to have hit upon a plan to keep subscrip tions paid up which ** takes the cake.' Every time a delinquent subscriber is mentioned iu his paper bis name is inverted. For example ' »uof uuof «»d bis wife are spending a few days at Chicago.*' Every other subscriber understands what it tnemnB, and there u a grand rush to get 'right side up ' again. 