THE PRIORY. 8-O T, The one afternoon train was due at Middle-. ford--a small, straggling, and i nbt veryi prosperous town, where terminated a branch line from a junction on the Soutli- Western Railway--a line for which, after,i?ong pro tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained toolate, traffic having merged in the direction of a neighboring place. " Middleford! Middleford!" As the train drew up at the platform,- one passeiger only, a young man of about eight ornine and twenty, steppe: out and stood for a few moments looking about him as it in some uncertainty. He was; in fact, debating with himself as to whether he would, after all, pay the chance visit he had gone thera to make. " He had notgone by invitation other than was conveyed in the words : "Don't forget to look me up.if you chance to be anywhere in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a younr fellow between whom and himself therehad been some degree of intimacy at the University, as the two parted to go their differentways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value; and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan Meredith until he found himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, turning over the leaves of Bradshaw, came adpon the name of Middleford, and remem bered that it was Laurence Verschoyle's place.. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, he had, on the impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in.' He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining the influence his decision would have on his future life, and 'unhable to account for his'irresolutibn-- state of mind so unusual with him. He presently shook himself, free of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He inquired the way of the porter, who had been curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station set forth for the Priory. As he walked along the not very interest ing country road, his thoughts reverted again to the man he was going to see. What had become of him since they 'had parted three years previously-Verschoyle. the first favorite of his set, who, with his good intellect, brilliant, witty and versatile, had seemed capable of almost any mental feat.! True, he had done nothiie beyond give the impression .that - he could do a great deal if he chose; "and," thought Allan Meredith,' " carry home a sheaf of bills, I expect. He ought to have been the moneyed man, and 'I the one obliged to 'keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the very necessity for doing something may have given him the kind of impetus he needed-to say nothine of having to keep up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur to aman." He had reached the cross roads, and was recalling the 'somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. "Straight on till you come to a finger-post that seems to point back to the station, but doesn't; take that road, sir-the Priory lane, it's called-until you come to a swing gate, leading into a. field; cross that, keeping the footpath to the left, mind you, till you see a stile; get over that, go through the lodge gates right opposite-though it isn't a lodge now, and there ain't no gates, only pposts-and up an avenue, where all the trees have been out down, and there you are. The old place you'llse9 before youis the Priory." Time and weather had effaced whatever information the sign post had once afforded and there was nothing for it but to take the direction in which it pointed. He walked slowly on, speculatinv as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive from Vorschoyle's people. How little he knew about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Verschoyle could be reticent enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was an only son, and at his father's death had inherited' but the wreck of a once large property, Allan knew. He had also heard that the widowed mother was 'still living. , What was Versachoyle doing? -livingUpon the small property, farming the land or had j: he :'as he had sometimes talked tof doing, 'gonein'forliterature, and carried? his wares to the London market? ' At that time 'his wares had appeared to Allar Meredith likely to be worth a great deal; but, with his three years' added knowledge and experience, he' was now inclined" to estimate them some what differently. Versohoyle's intellect had, indeed, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no lasting impression of very. high powers : and this, with his mercurial temperament might render his success in the future doubt ful. Allan Mleredith had.proceeded some dis tance, and was beginning to .think that he mast have passed the swing gate without noticing it, wheri, on turning a bend in the lane, he saw ayounggirl walking in advance. He quickened his stops a little in order to overtake her, audmake inquiry as to whether he was going in the right direction, noting, meanwhile, hbtergeneral appearance so.far as to inferthat she was afarmer's daughter; or rather; as he thought 'with a half smile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to be like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of soane light grey stuff, and short enough for country walkicig; a large brown straw hat, with.neither flower nor feather to adorn it; and nngloved hands, in the one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered-looking books. After a moment or two be' recognised some thing more. Taking note of the firm, light step,. the carriage of the head, the perfect ease and freedomof thetallgraceful figire, he mentally.ejaculated: "A lady; aye, and with some individuality of her own, too!" His step had evidently not been.heard on tlhe soft, springy turf, and he was fast lessen ing the distance between them, some curiosity now mingling with his desere for information, when she turned out of the lane and passed through a swing gate. Hereshe paused for a moment, lookinghback, and their eyes met. Yes; just such a face as he, a dieamer of dreams, had sdmetimes pietured to himself, but hardly hoped to see in the world of reality. A face too grave and troubled for heryears she looked barely 18-but how beautiful'with its clear. steadfast eves and general expres sion so simple, frank, girlish, and, at the same time so intelligent and thoughtful! She was regarding him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that he was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously he lifted his hat and asked : "Can you direct me to the Priory ?" "The Priory ?" she repeated in a low voice, her eyes filed more intently upon him, and her hand tightening on' the gate. "3Ir Verchovle's plate. 1 was directed at the railway station, but do not feel sure that-- " "Whom do you want to see there?" she put in abruptly-almost ungraciously. Nor was the tone assumed; this was not the girl to affect the brusquerie of unconven tionality any mdre than thesuavity of conven tionality-it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and unaccustomed to veil her thouEhtm. " ,Mr Verschole," he replied. " On liusiness !"--the expression of dread, of whatever it was, deepening in her face, white now to the lips; as, on the im pulse of the moment, she pressed back the gate as though to bar the way. "No.". he murmured. To have brought sueach a look to such a face ! She still eyed him with the same unquiet scrutindy, as though debatiig somethingin her mind; then hurriedly. asked, "But why ? Where do'ydu come from." He might very well have asked what in terest his relations with Versahoyle could have for her; but he felt that there was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and was not inclined to take offence. Moreover, there was no necessity for mystery on his side; and, therefore, he might as well reply openly and directly to her question., "From Grayminster. MZy name is Mere dith." "Are you a friend of his? Mr Verschoyle is my brother;" still a little hesitaingly and, as it were, on the defensive. He raised his hat again. "We were at (164) SWadham together, Miss =erschoyle, and chancing to be in this neighborhood, I thought I would look him up for half an hour's talk over old times." ! The color came into hercheeks, and a smile to her beautiful lips, although both faded too .quickly. " I remember your name now, M: Meredith. I have often* heard my brother speak of you," moving aside for him to pass trourgh the gate as she added, "If you will come withmc I willshow you the way." He bowed, nassing quickly through to her side. His indecision had entirely vanished now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most desirable thingin the world. To think of Ver schoyle not mentioning that he had a sister and such a sister !' "I fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke Lo me, Mr Meredith," she said, looking up into his face with a smile, as they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. "The truth is, I was afraid-that is, I' thought you were-some one else," flushing with the consciousness that she was saying more than she had meant to say. He hastened to assure her that it had been quite evident no discourtesy was intended; mentally, the while, congratulating himself upon not being " someone else," then quietly changed the subject. "I have not seen your. brother since we left Oxford, Miss Verachoyle. Your only brother, is he not ?" "Yes; and I am his only sister.. My mother, Laurence, and. I live at the Priory." "Mrs Verachoyle is well, I hope ?" with suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. " My mother is not worse, I am glad to say, than she has been the last five years. She is always an invalid." Had not Laurence toldhim that much? "Was it anxiety about .her .mother's health that had brought that look 'to her face?" he was thinking. "No; it must be something more than, or at any' rate different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how different an expression from that he had first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun:ini them, as she asked : " What kind of place do you imagine the Priory to be, Mr Meredith ? " " Well, one naturally attaches a little mediheval romance to the idea of a Priory; " adding, after a moment's reflection-there were certainly no signs of prosperity about her-" and it ought to be somewhat dilapi dated, I suppose-in the picturesque 'stage of decay. ' It must 'be difficult to' keen those old places in thorough repair.".-. "'Very," she replied, her face shadowivg. Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on: "Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to find room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare your mind, Mr Meredith, when we turn this next bend-There is the Priory !" He was prevared now to see some dilapi dated. old place, but hardly for that which met his view.. The Priory ! That desolate looking remnant of a building, standing forlornly against the summer sky ! Portions of the walls, some hig', some low, and all of great thickness, still remained here, indica-' ting the plan of the old Priory; ,but at this distance, even these seemed to form part of the surrounding brickfields. By no effort oi the imagination could the inhabited part of the building be supposed to be the abode of pros perous people. All was desolation and decay. without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds about it, which might once have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen fortunes of thehouee. Every acre of the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully wooded, had been. sold piecemer 1- the greater partfor brickfields. ' On the i sle they were. approaching there seemed no redeem ing feature in the dismal scene. No; not likely to be spacious reception-rooms nor offices, for an army of ancient retainers there ! Courtesy itself was dumb ! "The Verschoyles have not much left to be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invadedby picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; but you see the worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side, entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins, in an opposite direction' from that whence they were approaching. "Laurence !"-hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed.: " A friend to see you." He turned: seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As he drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor was, he hastened his .steps, his whole face brightening. " Meredith!" he ejaculated,in a tone of relief. -"'Where have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow?' Quite 'well I" Allan Meredith grasped the'hand extended towards him, all the more heartily, perhaps because it w as the hand of Miss Versehoyle' brother, as he. explained, "I was at the junction,'and being so near, thought I wodid .look you up." " Glad to see you, old fellow. You know thisis my sister ?" "Yes: MissVersehoyle was good enough to show me the way." She turnedto leave them with the words: " Dinner will be ready in an hour, Lau rence." " 'All right ! ' Meredith had- time- ow to notice that there was the same expression of dread in the brother's face he had seen in the sister's, 'bun with a difference. In her face it was simply fear; in his it was thiis and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at you in her trouble, his eyes were either downcast or averted; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The wholemanrwas changed-it seemed demoralized-since Meredith hai last seen him.' His very figure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowerng.' " What.have you been doing with your self the last three years I: asked Meredith. " Oh, all sorts of things; going to the bad, chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or 'anything else here, you may think," noticing the direction which the other's eyes took. " No; I have gone farther afield. Spent two years in London; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." " Nonsense, man; if you take that tone you may be." "There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. " Give up in that way. with your abilities; and the world before you !" " It seems easy enough to you, I dare say. It did to me before I tried. There is no need for you to put your theories to the test, or you might find that men occasionally fail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down, and I'm one of them-that's all!" " That is not Miss Verschoyle's creed, I think y c" "My sister! She has been telling' you about the wretched teaching business, I sup pose? She, at any rate, is not cursed with the family pride. I can't endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhoppers round here. Does no end of drudgery about the house, too."u t [TO nE CON%'rINUED.] 