IrtIN T DEN. "That's a tood yarn about Impy," said Spifkins, as ho uueartlhd tho poker from the barrowload of -shee in tho fecdor and poerd the fire. " What io it ?" inquired The Toff. " Well, Imopy, you hnow'" said pifkinas, " is a ourious kind of fellow with rregard to bousr. Io has a0 muny oow houses ia a year as a fauhionublo womanu has drersses. Hle's like a chessman or a polircemau-alwoay on the move. The yarn fi and the truth of it is apparent-- that as the result of all this moviog as so0on s anything like a lorry oomes into his yard oall the fowls ukip on to it and tho dog and oat take their plIets aloongido," "That will do, Mr. Spifkins," asid The Parson, gravely, but overybody else laughed, and The Fool ,nought he detected the ghost of a smile haunting the lips of his reverence. Then for a time nothing disturbed the silence but theo sound as lips were opened to emit clduds of emote. The air was as heavy with eoncosumed carbon as an apartment in the premises of the Owl Club. At length mutterings beogan to be heard, followed by talk a little louder, till at last The Toff and The Fool were glowering at each other and shouting at the top of tbheir v.ioos. " Didn't they wipe the floor with them?" yelled The Tollff, " didn't they ?" " Weren't they just off the ehip, you doeuble-barrelled idiot ?" shouted The Fool. " Gct away," said The Toff, " they can't play in the same paddock with 'em. They'll boat 'em every test match." " You're a brutal liar," screamed The Fool, "and if yea say it again I'll kn00k your ear in." "Do it," said The Toff, as he placed himself in the orthodox position for detfdne; " do it and I'll give you what Lord Sheflield's team gave your countrymen." Then they closed and for a few seconds the Hayno~-Oriek drama was re-enacted. Both struck out wildly and missed each other beautifully. At length 8pifkins separated them with his foot as a man would a pile of hides and they retired for repairs. ' Dear me," said The Parson, " I had no idea that men became as excited as that about oricket." " It ain't cricket," said The Ancient, "it's their dirty little pride and they call it patriotism. Eash of them is alwaya looking for a chanee to jeer at the other. If an Englishman beats an Australian at billiards The Toff crowse over The Fool, and if an Australian shoots more pigeons than anEnglishman The Fool makes The TaCff's life miserable to him. Neither of them is worth bothering about." Then the three started a discoeussion on polities. "I see," said The Anoient, "that the labour party in the House objected to the vote for the labour bureau. And yet members of that party agitated for the opening of the bureau." "That's the way with a lot of them," said Spifkins. "They don't know enough to come in out of the cold, and when any friend advises instead of truckling to them they swear that he is an enemy and abuse him right and left." " That is so," said the Parson, "and at the same time they are more easily gulled than others. We know eases ourselves in which men who professed to be democratio sided with the Tories as soon as they entered the Hoene, and some of the electors haven't found them out yet. The labour bureau has simply served the purpose of those who were in search of oheap labour." " Well, the other people in their way are no whit wiser than the labour party. The landlords and the capitalists bitterly opposed the imposition of a land vulue tax, with the result that the industry of the colony was crushed and the reaction after the land boom came with its full effeot; and now we have the spectacle of suspended banks, empty houses, and looked-up capital on every side. There are hundreds of men who are now losing every week four times as muoh as they would have to pay under the tax. Their fellows in New Zealand, who were not powerful enough to resist the reform nsuo cessfully, are no a sharing in the general prosperity which has followed the introdoction of the principle there." "So that the landlords there have really bene fitted by the exertions of the reform party P' "Exactly," said The Ancient; and as at this stage The Rhi meter appeared with a long slip of paper at hurriedly left. 