Story Column. . Now Fibst Eudlisiied. Outlaw & Lawmaker. AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, ; Author o£ "The Head Station," "Tho Bond of Wedlock," "Tlio Brother of too Shadow," "Passion , and Pohoy," " Nadine," " An Australian Heroine." ! And Joint Author irith Mr; Justin M'Carthy op "Tho Ladies' Gnllory," "ThoRiglit Honourable,!' &o.; it.t. aTTgr.vsnAim biojits hesesved. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. and IX. — JUoichbatdt a Jj&na;, w tho Lnya distriot, Australia, is inhabited by a number of squatters nnd others. Amongst tho denizens aro Lord and Lady Horace, nnd her sister, Elsie. With the latter Frank Hallott, a elerer and ambitious squattir, is in lovo, hut coquette as she is, she does not give him muoh encouragement. Tho two moot in one of tho gorges near Xiuya. Doll Xjord Horace s nomo- stead, nnd sho tolls him of tho doings of a certain. Captain Moonlight, a bushranger, chivalrous to tho fair sox, a kind of. modern Claud Duval. As tlioy are convorsingon tho exploits of this horo, ns ?he terms him, her sister's husband, Horace, appears, and sho asks him if they havo caught Moonlight. CHAPTER Y.—f Continued. J It's hiB pnrtner, Miss,' said tho digger. ' Blako, of Barolin. He thinks lie'll get in on the Irish vot6— a flash sort of chap is Blake, they say, You take my advice, Mr. Hallett. Out in at once, and tako the wind out of his soils. You're safe, enough, on the Luya, but those Goondi chaps are all agin the squatters, and they like blather.' t The man had taken some dirty shillings out of his pouch, and was handing them to Lord Horace in . payment for his rations. - Lord Horace counted them carofullv, and thrust them into his pocket. ' Havo i nip,' he said, and took tho digger to tho kitchen where Lady Horaoe acted as Heho, and where his "health was drunk, and that of her Jadyship, with due formalities. Lord and Lady Horace wore popular in the distriot, and a good many loafers found their way to the Dell. They could alwuys fetch Lord Horace by admiring his amateur bush ways, and he always wound up business by offering them a grog. . ' Where are you going? ' asked Elsie, of Hallett. 'To the Beantree, and perhaps to Goondi, to look after my politioal in- 'Isn't it rather odd that Mr. Blake Bhould have got into' the field so quickly. He mugt have heard of Mr. Slaney's death almost as, soon as ithapponed,',said Elsie. ; ' ' I suppose ho has been working up the distriot for some .time on the sly,' answered Hallett. ' Trent must have set the wires going. That fellow brought me a telegram from the Beantree, which had been forwarded by Mrs. Jom, on the chance of its picking me up bore. My supporters want to see me.' _ Elsie noticed tbafc ho had pinned into his coat the sprig of sfephonotis Bho had thrown away the night before. ' Why do you keep that withered thing?' sho said. ' If you come round to the veranda, I'll give you a hotter one.' ' Give me the Ipt you have 'in yonr belt,' he laid. ' It will bring me luck.' She took it out with a little hesitation. < You'd muoh better have a fresh pieoo,' and. she moved to the house. He fol lowed her. It was only an excuse for getting out of eye-range. As soon as they were in the front veranda he stopped her as she was going to the stephanotis creeper, , ,' Ho, give me that.' ' Ho, I want it for myself.' She held it hack, but ho took it from her, and put it to his lips. ' I have spoilt it for you now,' he said. She Btiil held out her hand; ' How ?' Because I kissed the flowers. There.' . He tossed them away. ' She gathered another spray. ' Tha$ is ' ; a very nice one ; and please don't throw it away direptly you are out of eight of the house.' ; He laughed. 1 I'll show you .the ghost ' " of it next time we meet.' ' That means that we Bhim't meet for a long time.' \- , ' Long enough for these to wither. I don't know wbon l ahull be able to get ' over again. I must canvass the distriot., "We shall meet at Tuuimba.' '' '"Write and toll me how things are ."going,' she said. ; ; ' Do you really cajo to hear? Oh! Elsie, it makes me glad.' ' Of courie I care to hear. I am imr . mensely exoited. Jewish I could go to Goondi and canvass for you. I'd niake , love to the Luya selectors. . I'd abuse Mr. ' Blake to your vory heart's eontent. . Blake of Barolin? Has it strode you that; the hnme sounds. rather poetic?' .' ''"Much movo so than Hallott, of ' .i'lirrimbo.? / ' Well, yes ! I lovo a poetic name. I cbuld't marry a man who was called Smith;. Two SmithB proposed to me, by thorway,. and they were good matohos, " end Maminid . and Ina scolded me for ' 'sending them about their business. To . he suro I couldn't have married them both. Oh, what a bore it is that one , must marry— somebody.' V ; f I can't bear to hear you talk' like that. ; Why you must marry anybody ?' ' Because I've got no other way of . gaining' my living. Because my prettinese i'-K is gojng — oh yes! Girls in Australia ft j 'gd off very soon. Aud do you think I ; i haven't heard"it said that Elsio Valliant vis going off? Because I should hato to he an old maid, Mr. Hallott ' 'Yes?' _ 4 You know we settled last night that 'V our 'compact was at an end.' 'Did wo? I think not.' : ' Yes. I told you to go. I gave you H a definite answer. There's nothing more ; i to wait "for.' 'A 'I think tliore is a great dea to wait topis fv 'I was most splendidly unselfish. .1 \ sacrificed myself. You don't even thank me for my disinterestedness. You uroto expect nothing from mo, and I am. to give up the gratification. of having the member for Luya — a prospective Minxsterr— among my admirers.' ' Let us make a new compact,' he said, gravoly." 'I don't ask anything from you except absolute frankness.' 'Oh! that I have always given you.' 'Go on giving it. Let us talk out quite openly to eaoh othor. Tell me that you. don't care a hit for me — if it is true. Tell me if your affection — you said it was affection— deepens or lessens. I shall never reproach, you if you hurt me. I am willing to take my chanco.' 'Well, what else?' r ' Let us go on in this way. You will know — yes; for. I shall tell you unless you forbid me— that I lovo yOu. That is not to bo gainsaid. I don't carohow long I have to wait. You told mo that you liked me better than anyone else who has over oared for you.' 'Yes, but that isn't saying muoh. I have never cored for anyone.' 'Well, that is all I wont—now. I think I like you to ho like that. It fits in with my star fauov. I. can worship you without a twinge of jealousy. Ana when you flirt, I know that it only moans that you are dull and want amusement.' ' That is a charitable construction to put on niy evil-doings.' ' I don't mind. It's like the naughti ness of a ohild that doesn't know what ite. doing. One can't think hardly of it when it's so unconscious. That's what you are. You don't realise that you can hurt people. And oil that fancy about the hero — the Prince ' 'Yes, tho hero — the prince. Ie that like a child, too ? But the child's fancies sometimes .become the realities of the womqn.' 'This is what I meant "by absolute frankness. If the prince comes, tell me, you wijl be able to trust me. I shall stand aside. I will worry you no more. Wait, and I will wait, too.' 'For my prince? And how long do you give me to wait ?' ' You shall fix your own time. Throw a gauntlet to fate.' The phraso Btruck her. ' A gpuntlet to fate.' I like that. I- did not know that you could say such poetic things. Well, I will throw a gauntlet to fate. Well, here's my ohallenge.' She flung a glove she carried into the ahf. As it came down she tried to catch it ; but it fell almost into his hand. 'That is an omen,' he exclaimed. 'And the. time ?' ' I challenge fate to bring my prince along within the year— a year from this day — what ie the dote ?' ' The twenty-ninth of March ?' ' Tho twenty-ninth of next March then. It shall be yes or no onoe and for all. CHAPTER YI. The- Coming of the Pmnce. Elsie seemed a little depressed for a week after Prank Hallett' a visit. Sho felt that she had committed herself. To . he euro she consoled herself- with the 'reflection that she had the fullest right to throw him over if her prince camo. But suppose that, no prince camo, and that; she had reached no further pitch of romantic ardour than she hud at present attained. 'I liked him better six months ago,' she said to herself. ' I was Almost in love with him? I think I was quite in love with him one day whep he seemed to like Ina better than he liked mo. How horribly selfish and inean, and small to be jealous ! And jealous of one's own sister !' Lady Horace was a littie depressed too, if indeed anyone so equable could he de pressed. Eleio accounted for it by the foot that Lord Horace had been aggravat ing. Lord Horace had occasionally fits' of spleon and rogret that he had ever left England — fits whroh were . generally brought about by a perusal of his bank book, opd whioh usually ended _ in a ' grumble over dinner, ana a reactionary burst of effusion to his wife. He was away just now, helping Prank Hallett in his electioneering business, and the sisters were alone. They were sitting ont in the veranda together one evening. Ina was in a squatter's obair, aud Elsie eat on the edge of the veranda, and leaned her head against Ina's knees. ' Ina,' she said suddenly, ' I wish I wasn't suoh a wretch.' ' What makes you say that, El ?' ' I don't know. Frank Hallett, I sup pose. Its perfootly horrifl of me to want to keop him him (jangling in a string. Why don't I marry him straight away ? ' ' Ob, why not? ' ' I don't know. That's just it. I.like him. He is the only man ' I have ever \jeen able to imagine kisBing mo without a shudder.' . ' Elsie.' . - Well, it always comqs to that in time. There was a moment when I was almost in lovo with him.' Almost! ' 'How tragically you say that. There was a moment .when it oame over me thut I had snubbed him too severely arid'that he had deserted me for you ; andlheliove I throw myself on the bed and cried out of gtfef and mortification.' - ' .i 1 1 saw you,' said Ina, ' and I knew from that moment that you eared for Prank Hallett, aud that you ought to marry him. SO HE CONTINUED ON MONDAY. 