AMUSEMENTS. TH&A.TRE; ROYAL. ' Life for Life drew big houses every night during the week, and Friday evening was no exception to the rule. 'TUE DOUBLE EVENT.' To-night the^ spurting drama 'The Double Event,'1 which is said to be more coherent and couHecutive than mo3t of llr. DarreU's dra matic creations, will be presented. Mr. Darrell is a past master in the art of staging hia plays realistically, and this drama, in whioh the ?? noble animal' plays a promi nent part, is not likely to prove an exception. The drama opens in a betting- room, and it appears ihat a piospective Baronet, a Richard Marston Darrell, has lose hravily, and that bib only chauou of retrieving himself is by winning the double with hia horae Caloola. He is engaged to Edith Kingdon, daughter of a biKb-minded bookmaker. Marston haa just discharged his trainer, Tiger Fletcher, keeper of a gambling bouae, and thia is where the trouble begins, for the dis miesi-d servant resolves,'' in revenge, to 'nobble' Calonla, upon which his owner stands to win £35,000. In Tho Tiger's lair is to be found ' Daisy, a mystery,' a handsome woman with elegant tastes. She liven undor The Tiger's roof as a deooy to rich young fools who go there to be fleeoed of their money at cards. One of these, Lord Mayfield, fallB in love with her, proposes, is accepted, married her, and takes her to hia aristocratic mansion at Toorak, a proceeding resented by 'The Tiger.' Another member of his estab lishment in Nellie White, who iH tioketed ' a curiosity,' a, barmaid or waitress, who spends most of her time in talking to a braiulesn ad mirer named Tommy N0IG9, or in' chaffing and mimicking a Jewish blaotles, named Solly Yates, an elderly married man, who puKuea Nellie with his secondhand love. Between tbe fir3t and the second act the Darby has been run, and Caloula has been the wiunev, and The Tiger, who has bieked the second favourite for the Cup, is resolved to frustrate Mansion's hop^s of securing the double event. He tries to bribe the jockey, but fails to do so. By means of a duplicate key he obtains ad mission to the stable enveloped in a white garmenb, so as to scare both the horse and the stableboy, who sleeps in hia loosebox. He drugs the boy, injects a poison into the horse's hoof, and then steals away, but i* observed aud mistaken for a ghost by Miss Kingdon. Tho screams of this fair lady alarm the house hold, and the startling discovery is made that Caloola has been tampered with, and Smirk, a Sydney detective, is placed on the culprit's track. The great race is run in the third act, and tho favourite is pronounced to be ' fit' in spite of bis poisoned hoof. As a last resource Tbe Tiger falls upon bis jockey and disables him. His new trainer, Ike Thurston, fresh from Yorkshire, volunteers to be his substi tute, and win? the race in Right of the audience by a nock, to the consternation of The Tiger, Solly Yatos, and the whole ring, and to the great delight of Marston, Kingdon, and others concerned, the curtain falling on a scene which, when it is raised again, discloses the whole of the horses tnd their jockeys grouped together at, the winning-post. Jn the la-it act The Tiger appears a ruined, desperate, and recklesss mun, whose footstep? are dogged by the police, for the atableboy he hits drugged -9 dead, and his only hope of escape from the colony ia by extorting a large sum of money from Lady Mayfield, who is giving an evening fete at her mannion. He has a long and stormy interview with the lady, who rt- fuse3 to pay him the blackmail he demands. After di?charging a pistol, which wounds the det-ctive. tbe Tiger effects his esoape from tho grounds, but is brought back and handcuffed. Meanwhile, in honour of Oaloola's victory, a ? blue bullet' is danced; in the midst of which the principal ballerina appears to be suddenly girdled, crowned, and otherwise decorated with electric jewels, and the curtain falls. 