SOUTH YARRA A.N.A. The first regular meeting of the newly formed branch at Soulh. Yarra was held on Tuesday last, the vice president, Mr. T. W Heide, in the chair, and there was a good attendance. me iniuuuiH oi tue iani- meeting were read and confirmed. Several letters were received from suburban branches, congratul tting the South Yarra branch on its formation. ItEPRESElfTATION AT THE CONFERENCE. A communication, was received lrom the general secretary, Mr. Wainwrigbt, stating that t e board of directors was of the opinion that branches opened rietween thp 31st December ani the dale of the conference were not entitled to representation at fie c. nfeiv ice. Mr. Jolms asked fioiv the matter c.iini« uiiiuri; uie oonn. Mr. J. E. Buckley said it was noccs saiv to submh the names to the g 'neral secretary, and he gave thorn to the board. Mr. W. L. Robertson asked the chairman to explain their position. Tlie chairman siid rule 14 of the general laws of the association said : ' There shall be an annual conference of branches htld in March oi each year. . . . Such confer.nce shall be comprised of two delegates from each branch, who shall be elected at the half-yearly meeting of each branch held in December. hie had seen Mr. Wainwrigbt that afternoon, and be aeked him to explain why they were not allowed to send delegates, and he also asked what rule bore on the mat ter. The geDeral secretary seemed a little confused, and he was unable to explain that there was any rule that actually met their case, but he thought rule 14 could reasonably be brought to bear upon them. The directors took the matter very carefully into con sideration, and they came to the con clusion that they could not send delegates. He (tbe speaker) was fully persuaded that it would be absolutely impossible for them to eet thrnntrh nt all, and be pas quite sure the delegates would not be allowed to open their lips, and he did not think, under the circumstances, he would be justified in going. Mr. R. Peden mo»ed that the dele gates be sent, and that if they were put to any unnecessary expense in the matter the lodge should bear it. The rale said ' every lodge shall send dele gates,' and in another part it said, 'the delegates should be elected on the la^t meeting in December,' but the fact of the Board granting them a charter put tUem on the same footing as any other lodge that was formed. It was a veiy risky thing to fight the board of directors, but, in his opinion, the board had gone completely behind their dutieB in writing such a letter. If there was any doubt he thought it should be settled at the annual con ference. (Hear hear.) Mr. Johns had pleasure in seconding the motion, aud thought it was a very arbitrary proceeding on the part oi the board, seeing that the matter had never come before them officially. He should very much like to see Mr. Heide remain as a delegate, as he could do them good service. They were a young branch, but still were not going to be sat uuon. and nmnM stick out for their rights. Mr. J. Rancie was much surprised when he heard the letter read. He thought the board might have waited until tbey had had official notice from them, or until their opinion officially bad been askrd. He tancied there was ' something in tbe background they were not aware of, for he had heard remarks bearing on the subject. Mr. Buckley had pleasure in sup porting the motion, and did not think the board had any right to take action in the matter at all. The chairman expressed his sincere regret at having this unfortunate mat ter placed before them thus early iu tneir existence, but, under the circnm stances, he could not consent to go. He would do anything in his power to assist the branch, but he really thought he would be taking an improper course to go there as one of the delegates. If there was the ghost of a cbanoe of being heard he would go, but there was nut, Mr. Rogers had been elected as emergency, and he and . Mr. Sain would consequently represent the South Yarra lodge. Mr. J. Robertson thought perhaps it would be better to let it elide this time. . n, ( ? ?? ?-, |.\ ,, ; Mr. Peflen'said if they were to be eattipon and were not jjllowed to ijaya any snpwl amf their 'delegates ..would npt Wtt!o$N) .!H- U W % : it would, perhapsyte*est to withdraw. Mr. H. W. Sheridan said he should have have fceen glad to have seen IJth8, hew branch represented, but if their delegates would not be allowed to speak it would not be wise to send them. Farther, he thought it would a bad principle to begin fighting against the board of directors. He was afraid if their representatives appeared at the conference they would be imineiiiaiely ruled out of order, and the whole of th- ir efforts would be useless. The motion was then put and lost. Mr. Johns moved, and Mr. Buckley seconded, that a letter be written to the conference strongly protesting against the action of the board of direc tors. — Carried unanimously. TRUSTEES. Messrs. Rogers, Robertson, and Reticle were elected trustees. EMERGENCY FUND. It W-is decided, on the motion of Mr. Rancie, seconded by Mr. Pedeo, that an emergency fund of sixpence per quarter be established. A.UD1TOHS. Messrs. W. Stiegog and J. Eobertson were chosen auditors. METROPOLITAN DELEGATES. Messrs. W. Rogers, W. Kain, and J. K. Buckley were elected metropoli tan delegates. nniCKNST.AND FLOODS. The secretary (Mr. Sheridan), said tbe tickets had all been distributed, and lie had blso sent out a circular pointing out the objects of the concert they proposed to bold. He thought it was a very good move on the part o( the branch, and he urged upon them all to do their best to make the concert a big success. Mr. Peden, who has the musical ar rangements in hand, said tbey bad a capital programme. Ihe chairman said the venture was rather a big one, but he hoped they would all help to make it a success. JTEW MEMBERS. Seven new members were elected, and on their introduction to the oranch the chairman congratulated them on taking the step they had. Mr. J. H. Rancie, in addressing the new members, said, as an old member of the association, it gave him great pleasure to welcome them. Being association, that was a guarantee that he took a great interest in its welfare. In the first place, it was started as a purely political association, and it was an after consideration to make it a benefit society, the reason being that it was thought it would be the means of drawing Australian natives together, and they would thus not only be united by political bonds on the broad prin ciple of nationalism, but also by being a benefit association. As a national association they took into consideration such questions as ' Federation,' which had been their watchword since their foundation. Then, as to their being a oeueni society, he need not say any thing, as they knew what the benefits of friendly societies iu general were. They were also a mutual improvement association, whereby they met together from time to time. They had lectures aud addresses on various subjects, and he hoped, as new members, they would always attend and take an interest in the branch. (Cheers.) A GUINEA PHIZE. The secretary announced that on coming to the branch that evening a gentleman Whn tnnU a araat \ntaraat in the association said he would like to give the sum ot one guinea to the member proposing the most members during the ensuing quarter. SMOKE CONCEET. i'he business being completed, a capital programme was gone through. The numbers were well given, and hearty applause followed each item. The following was the programme : ? Piano solo, Mr. S. P. Edwards ; song, ' Irish Jubilee,' Mr. W. Moran; eong Wrecked and Saved,' Mr. W. H. Edwards ; tong, «« Anchored,' Mr. Woollett ; comic song, Mr. Maloney ; recitation, Mr M-Masters; song, 'The Yeoman's Wedding,' Mr. Enoch; buug, ±aiiy.no,- Mr. Conquest; song, 'Tbe slave ship,' Mr. H. W. Sheridan; recitation, '? The sick stockman,' Mr Woods ; song, ' Poor old J«jff,' Mr Cox; song, 'Queen of tbe earth,' Mr. Edwards. Mr. S. F. Edwards was the accompanist, and it was a good deal owing to his efforts that the concert went off with such swinging success. 