H'XMPOETK, ? By J. O. B. The most depressing feature in connection with recent sittings of New South Wales district courts is the number of slander actions brought by ladies against their lady neighbours. It is useless to disguise the fact that, 60 far as appearances go, ?wirrMTi qti'ii -'¥»n a m i ^ rfi r\n \lt*a Tl r\¥. B.f\ TT1 11 0. \\\ 1 Tl t n fi direction of the higher mathematics as in observing what goes on next door. It is much to be feared that, directly the front gate shuts on the hueband going to business, the back one opens for re connoitring purposes. Few people see so much of each other as females wiioee yards are coterminous or whose back premises are bounded by the same lane. In fact, they see too much, both phyt-i rally and morally, and are not above milking audible comments from tundry steps and windows on what they see. It is these observations, when pitched high so as to reach friends in the next block, that cause most of the slander actions. Women are more long-puffering than men. They ^re more patient, possibly more humane, and, in some circumstances, they are certainly braver. But the female of mature years who appears in curl-papers when feeding the poultry, or in bluchers when beating down the fishmonger, and hears the fact proclaimed from a neighbouring skylight, without ventilating her opinions of peo ple, has vet to bo born. * » * * In 'the Sydney tribunal presided over by Mr. Justice Backhouse, a curious case was heard last ?breSk. A professional flautist sued a married couple for detaining his flute. He had been re siding with them and, possibly, kept them in a state of high mental excitement during his brief sojourn, There are few instruments on which scales, ehakes, and intricate exercises are more searching than on a flute, especi ally when it has many keys. Every keyhole appears to be an orifice through which an imp, escapes when the lid is lifted. When four holes are opc-n at once, each giving egress to a different and frequently antagonistic blast, it will be readily understood why house rent in a flautist's neighbourhood is generally so low. It is difficult to Bay how this failing can be overcome without lessening the orchestral value of the instrument. Ingenious pereons have tried almost everything to remedy the defect, but so far the result ha« not been encouraging. The keys have been tied down with whip-cord, the holes have been plugged with putty or with seal ing-wax, even the embouchure has been tampered with, but as before observed, results have not come up to expectations. Bearing all this in mind it was instructive to notice that in the Sydney suit referred to the plaintiff claimed £170 — a hundred for damages nrriL seventy for detention. The jury awarded him £40, with the proviso that the sum should be reduced by £39 19s II fd if the flute* were returned within 48 hours. It was surely sent back, for not even the late Jay Gould would pay so much for his whistle. At the eame time, the amount of the verdict arouses serious mis givings. Some day. a millionaire landlord will detain a tenant's trombone or big drum and have to file his schedule in consequence. * * * * ' Is spirtualism dead P ' is the question a man asks in the Sydney press. lie doesn't even wait for an answer, but boldly replies to his own con undrum by declaring that ghostly manifestation was never before so sound and vigorous in wind and limb. The shades that but a few years ago were obliged to up-end tables, throw stones on roofs, and wheeze through keyholes, in order to . bring themselves before the public, are to-day capable of far higher things. They become materialised, sing songs, make poetry — generally of an inferior character — and Buffer themselves to be touched while the lights are low. If it is pleasant in the gloaming to get one arm round a fellow-creature, it will be readily admitted that the height of human felicity will probably be found in getting both arms round a spectre in the dark. Concerning people who do not believe in apparitions — who think that, once a man's dead, he's not fit for much before the universal summons — the correspondent 'pities their loss and regrets their ignorance.' Of young Nic kleby, it will be remembered, Mis3 Squeers once wrote, 'I pity his ignorance and despise him.' Yet Nicholas managed to thrive pretty well under her scorn, and to wallop her father into the bar gain. And now news comes from Melbourne to Bay that a Psychical Research Society has been started there for the purpose of investigating all borderland phenomena* including spiritualism. Now is the time for Australasian believers to roll up with their 'familiars.' The newsociety offers . the most favourable terms to spooks, vampires, ghouls, bogies, banshees, and the whole family of apparitions, provided they come honestly forward and submit to cross-examination. They won't even be put in their proper place — the dock — but can romp into the witness-box and swear in what ever fashion is common where they reside. It is felt that, if some of them swear as they did on .earth, no further evidence will be required, to show that they once lived above ground and were em ployed as troopers. - An untrustworthy spirit, i.e. a ghost that won't come when he's called, is no credit to any family. He's worse than the woman who demands female suffrage and attends the poll with holes in her stockings. * ' ? '? ? ? . Art— so long in swaddling-clothes in this new . country— is coming to the front with leaps and boundB. Last week a poster 12ft. by 10ft. was produced in Sydney. The drawing and lithograph ing, too, were au. done in'the capital. It is not too much to say that such a work would make most of the Old Masters sit up, Indeed, it is by no means improbable that on examining it they'd requests to be returned to «. their graves again, with stakes driven through the coffin-plates, so as to meet the occupants fair in front and obviate the possibility of another escape before the general rising. It is about time to show the world what frauds those mediaeval fellows were — botches that sometimes took years to put a few wee forms in a panel instead of rolling figures 10 times the size off a Btone. . . . More encouraging news from Western Australia. At Perth a bailiff trying to take possession of a barge fell into the harbour and was drowned. Such a termination to a useful career would scarcely occur in the Eastern eolonies. There are two principal reasons why Sydney and Melbourne bailiffs are safe from drowning. One will suggest itself ; the other is because, from external evidence, they seem to have sworn a bloody vendetta against water. ... It is pro posed to export 'Kosher' to London for consumption among the poor Jews. Kosher is meat killed in the Jewish fashion — i.e., conform ably with scriptural directions. Shoucats or butchers are to be either sent from England^ or procured locally. It is the nnfortunate Russian and Polish refugees who are expected to be the best customers. Thus, indirectly, the Czar may turn out a true friend to Australia. There is one danger to be apprehended. Some shoucats may be humourists. Butchers often are — as analytical chemists who've passed saveloys under the microscope but too well know. A kangaroo with the 'Kosher' msrk may find its way to London. Then more Hebrtw ribaldry will be launched upon the midnight air of Whitechanel than was let loose since the destruction of the Temple. ... In order to test the lately -dis- covered marble from the Bathurst district, it is proposed to erect some mantelpieces in the Works Department, The Minister's room and two others are to be so provided. It is admitted on all sides that, should the stone stand what it hears without changing colour further trial will be unnecessary. * * * * A few nights ago the Rev. George Waters unfurled the banner of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers with a few well-chosen and ap propriate words. In these days no man seems to be content unless he is either following a flag or carrying one. There mutt be something in a piece of cloth at the end of a pole that appeals to one of the primary instincts of humanity. For more th an 20 years Frenchmen tramped all over Europe — to-day across the burning champaigns of Spain ; to-morrow through the frost-bound wastes of Rusuia. Up to the present it is hard to say what they marched for, except that a nnmber of decent fellows were in front staggering under streamers, white a little man in a grey coat with large buttons headed the precession. It is the Eame with all nationalities. Get a piece of linen, paint on it a black eagle with two heads, nail it to a stick, and three or four million Germans will follow it from the Baltic to the Mediterranean if nobody stops them on the road. What's more, Hans — that in ordinary circum stances wouldn't hurt a fly — will rally round that rag with the impossible bird, and contentedly go 'through the remainder of his life on wooden legs provided he can manage to pregcrve it. To come nearer home, look at our Australian reKgious and trade processions. On a warm Sydney day it would be but natural to assume that most people would desire a seat under a Domain tree or behind a dead wall. To the credit of our common nature a fair proportion of citizens ' do adopt this com mon eense plan of passing through life with com fort to themselves and credit to the community. But be the sun never so high, tho wind never ro hot, it is only necessary to attach a man to one end of a staff and a pennon to the other in order to attract multitudes into the glare. The flags of some trade societies require six men to carry them properly through the streets. And the way these honest toilers reel under sun, and staff, and. standard, and sweat, is a perennial rebuke to the indolent who 6uck oranges at street-corners as the demonstration sweeps by. Oddly enough, primitive races do not follow flugs, a fact which goes to show that the modem passion for pursuing an ensign is an out come of civilisation. When a kanaka first sees bunting his great desire is to get into it — to wrap it round him, in fact, so as to appear to greater advantage before his wives. The engineers' oriflamme unfurled by Mr. Walters is what a young critic would call a .'triumph of art.' In front are a railway tram, three portraits, a steamer, a figure of Mars, a broken sword, one of the Muses, and a bundle of sticks. The engine-driver that wouldn't carry such an emblem and fight for it, if necessary, isn't fit to superintend anything more complicated than a steam- whistle or a gas-stove. 