VENDIGO INDEPENDENT. FOURTH PAGE.-The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page:-Mining News and Notes, City Police Court, Melbourne Gossip. TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1893. To-day‘B Events. —Sandhurst Presbytery, 9 a.m.; Eaglohawk Police Chart 10 a.m.; Eebnca Police Court ■ and Licensing Court, 10 0.m.; Eaglohawk Council, 3130 p.m.; half-yearly inspection F, Company Victorian Rangers in front of Eaglohawk Town Hall, 7.30. p.m.; City Fire Brigade mcotibg, 8 p.m.; No, I Fire Brigade meet 8 p.m.; Wirth's Circus, Theatre; 8 p.m.; Cyolorama; Total Abslinonco- Society meet 8 fr.ni.; mooting, Hastings Hotel, • to form oolball oluh, 6 p.m.; Band of Hope Com railta moot 8 p.ra.; meeting Now Golden Lead Cos., Beehive, 8 p.m; A Well-deserved Sentence, —A young man named Thomas Haddon, who appeared before the City Bench yesterday, on charges of drunkenness, obapono language, and damag ing property, did not boori at all embarrassed by his unenviable position. The evidence showed that while iu a drunken condition bo wantonly picked up a big stone, and throw it thcongh the window of Mr. . Melrose’s resi dence in Bridge street, damaging, in oddition to the window, tbo Venetian blind and a largo album. The bench decided to make him pay for bis rascality to the extent of fin oh amounting to £3, in default ten days. When being placed back in the dock, the follow, with an insolent grin, remarked, “ Oh, I’ll take it oat." Insolvent. —William Schnellbeck of Ben digo, miner. Liabilities, £6814s 9d. Assets, £5. Deficiency, £63 14s 9d. Causes of insolvency—want of remunerative employ ment and pressure of creditors. Assignee, J. Hasker; Attorney, J. W. Rymer. The.Bkndiqo Aet Gallery.— The monthly meeting of the Executive Committee which was to have been hold yesterday afternoon lapsed for want of a quorum. Mr. Davis, the bon. treasurer, has received a cheque for £3 3s from Mr. John Kemp. Sunday Trading.— As will be gathered from lengthy reports elsewhere, the attention of the City Bouoh was occupied for the greater part of yesterday in the bearing of two oases against. publicans .for brooches of the Licensing Act. In one of (hem interesting arguments took place between the bench ana Mr. Cohen, the defending solicitor, relative to the bearing of certain points in tbo,Act. Mr. Leader delivered an interesting ruling by holding that there could be no gratuitous disposal of liquor by a publican on his promises on Sunday. It was not necessary, bo remarked, in order to prove an olTonco, to I show that liqour was consumed so long as | the bench were satisfied that the consumption of liqnor was about to take place. Referring 1 to'the prevalence of Sunday trading in the pity, the P.M. said that it was very difficult to sheet homo charges of Sunday trading. The evil, ho said, was getting to be a perfect nuisance in the city and neighborhood, as one could hardly pass a number of public bouses on Sunday without seeing a crowd of men coming in and going out—a regular stream er people. The police must bo .supported in their endeavors to put it down. - Each of the defendants was yesterday flned£. £lO -the lowest penalty ; 'for.iv second offence. Showmen in Court.—On Friday last .the irrepressible showman, Jim Crilly, proceeded against one of the members of his company— a little darked' skinned pole climber named Hudson—for threatening language. Hudson yesterday, in company with several of his companions/ appeared-in court to take out a, summons against Crilly for the recovery of certain articles which be: alleges belong to him. -The little fellow, who. wore a massive, string of brass coins, which made peculiar music as ho walked, spoke English well, and the summons was issued. Congregational Church.—The Rev, .R Keith Mackay preached a special sermon 'to a largo congregation at the Congregational Church on Sunday evening on “Some Educators in Evil." The text was taken from Acts 16 and 28, “Do Thyself no Harm.” In introducing the subject, bb contras!ed the manners and customs of the people before tbo introduction of Christianity with those which have sprung from the teachings of the Gospel. The Romans valued life lightly, but Christianity taught that the body; as a ell as the sou), was valued by God, tbo body of man being the temple of the Holy Ghost to dwell in. The church owes, said the preacher, a duty .to sooiety, and must become educators, so that men may learn to do right and avoid the wrong. This portion was well illustrated by extracts from well-known authors on religious and political subjects, and led up to the special subject to bo dealt with, viz.; “ The vicious influences springing from, modem pugilism practised in roost of oar towns, and which occupies such a prominent place in our proas." Mr. Maolfay said that were tbo exhibitions to bo placed before the public in their true character there might not. bo much barm done, *but supported. as they are by many professional men, i social leaders, and others, they - -became: at once a menace to the' well-being of pur, young people. The so-called sport ho j denounced as brutal, leading as it did to the! deforming of the body given by God to. be taken care of and which wo must answer for' bye and bye. Tlip arguments in favor of it; os a healtpful and muscle developing agent: were met and fully dealt with, while,its evils' were unsparingly denounced. Mr. Mackay said some of the surroundings of the njcdorn prize ring ' (glove Gontests so caHod) ■ wore , gambling, drinking, sensuality and the like, and in advising tbo young men to keep free • from it, ho soid they were commanded io scripture to.‘.‘do no harm " to body, mlnd.or soul. The choir which' was in good form' g.ivid. several selections including -‘‘ Lift up ; your heads," “Moy the Lord,*’ “God save our. land." Mr. Bindley conducted and Miss Mackay presided at the organ. Visitors to the Museum.—The number of visitors who attended the Museum daring the. month of March was 1928; the highest ntten-' dance during one day was 180, and the lowest, - -36, with ah average attendance or 74 persons. daily. Licensing Courts, Heath-: cote and Elmore.—We. are requested by Mr. Leader, P.M., to state owing, to the 21st. inst being a public holiday, and of an engagement af Heathcoto on tho .2811), licen sing courts will be hold at, Eaglohawk on I Wednesday,'loth .inst,, at 10 0.m., for ifppli catiohs which ittay bc.too date for Friday, tho 14th iosc.; at Hcalbooto, on Friday,..tho 28th inst., instead of bh o-21 a tin a 6.ia noatE Imor o dn Saturday, tho 29bb inst,, at 1 p.m., Appli-, cations will bo heard at other courts pro-- vipnsly announced, : Golden Square Wording'Men’s Club.— The monthly mcotibg ojf tho committee was, hold last Present - Messrs, J. F. Hogan (president), J. James, J. Howett, E. Knight, C. Russell, R, Jones; jam;,. W. Nellor; and S. Montgomery (sodrobary). The committee 'approved of getting another, billiard table .foribe use of the members. It; was decided on .'tbo motion of Mr. C. Russell, ‘ seconded by Mr. Hewitt, to bayo tho furniturei .repaired;;. Accounts- tbo amount' of. £lB 14s 4d. weropesmd for- payment and the. meeting closed. District Traders’ A^sooi^tjon;— The; usual meeting of the council- of tbe asaccja-i tion was hold-last,night at the office of* the; secretary (Mr. J. Pickup), : Mr. T. S. Gibson' (president) wns jn the dhair, and thdrq wds a; good attendance.' In to the-- tdlor * phone-system a communication Mardb : 6;wtts rcboivbd from thoPost-master. General, ’• stating the terms on which he was .prepared, to lease tho wires to a company. This letter Was laid before the last council - meeting;: of; the traders pri! theljth March, and the soo rotary was instructed to write to the/ post master General for so that it could bv laid before a meeting of per-, sous interested in the telephone. Tho letter' was sent to the department on the ; ; 14th March j but up to the prdseht iho answed: has been' receiyed. The members 'TressnC .last evening Jqft Very much annoyed at not having repiy, - ospeplaUy 'aa : a T month how; lapsed since the Infit njoekjng. was hold. An other matter shat wps, dtscucspd was. the freight pn goods from Melbourne by road as against roil. One member.pccsonfc stated'tbaCj there was n saving of, 8s lid. par ton by road) on 20 tons . goods that,;Aforo how on the way up, and another mombor/said ;there, would'ho a paving of £1 3s7d* per toft on eight tons of- goods thnb were coming to' bis firm by-road; Jtt was remarked that when the deputations from the Trader*’ Association waited on the. Railway Commissioners in con* rieotion with a deputation from Ballarat short time ago to nskfora roduottanln the rata of freight, Mr. Francis -ridiculed tbo idea of goltnig goods by road obcaper than by rail, and wanted to know if we had a rivor In Bendigo. . A SrvuaH PRlSONER.—Bondigonlana ro turning homewards last’ ovpniog by- tbo .ex-, press train had, before leaving Spencer street,. nti opportunity of seeing what.-n real . swell metropolitan pick-pocket, or rather a ‘suspect for that offence,' it like. .Most of the passengers liadtakon their seats in th'o carriages, and there wore about a couple . of hundred person#", about the platform.. Sud denly there was a great, commotion in the crowd, and a man was scon struggling desperately to got away. Then,. In ft few momonts, a-oonstablo emcrged from the crowd ; with a handcuffed prison or. "" Ho kept him, on the station for fully ton minutes, and the young man was the- centre of muoh atlrac-' ,tion, Though. It was said that he was caught iii the ’ act of picking pockets, and 1 that ho had’in the souffle prior to his' arrest, •thrown away two purses, ho was of highly raspoolablo oven of stylish appearance, lie whs handsomely dressed in now clothes of the latest cut-away pattern, and his head was .sot off with a “boxer’'of the. newest and most, fashionable design. The object of keeping: the young masher before the public gaze as the’ constable'.’did; was, no doubt, .to give people who might nave 10-it tholr purses on opportunity of coming forward to take pro ceedings. , LONG . GULLY MECHANICS’ INSTITUTE.— The monthly, mooting; of tbo.oimraiti.ee was hold yesterday, evening.. Present —Messrs. Woolcock (president), T. Prout, B. Warren, T. Spears, W. H. Curnow, T. Horsefield, J. Pascoe,* and W. .Wilson (secretary). The correspondence consisted of a few-.formal communications. The secretary reported that; the bill of acceptance had been renewed and paid, mid £1 was; returned as a donation .to tho institution. Accounts for £6 19s were passed for payment , FUEL of poor quality Is evidently, being burned in so'mO'-of the railway locomotives at present The Bendigo express Was six or seven minutes ’lato, ln< reaching hero last night, and tho fireman had bad; apparently much difDoulty in. koepirig up steam .the journey, having to be repeatedly’ stoking the furnace. Volumes of _smoke and showers ot sparks- wore thus . thrown out, , and the extinguished sparks being . blown into the passenger carriages in the form of. flakes of soot and small pieces of otndor made the journey anything- but a comfortable ono. Robbery of Watokmakeu’s Tools.— Information was Veceiycd 'yesterday 'by. the police authorities, of the arrest at iloathcote, of a young" man named Joseph Black on a 'charge of stealing a quantity, ot watchmaker’s tools, tho . property . of ■ Mr, A. M. Lyle, of, Elmore. The prisoner will in duo course be remanded to tho Elmore Court- Ho isstaled to bo a ovolist, and when arrested was.riding a safety bicycle. Death of a Bagshot Resident. - It is (says our local correspondent) with feelings of regret that I have to report the death of Mrs. John Wakeman on Sunday morning about nine o’clock. She was in an unconscious state for several days, having had a severe attack of rheumatic fever, which supervened on influenza, and went to her head. She was the eldest daughter of Mr. John Ward, of Bagshot, who is one of the oldest residents of the district. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved relatives. Her loss will be greatly felt by her husband, as she leaves a family of eight children, most of whom are very young. She was under the care of Drs. Atkinson and Hinchcliff, but their combined skill was unable to save her life, and she passed away in the presence of her sorrowing family. The youftg man, Back, who/while suffering from tho after affects of typhoid, shot-himself .at Hobart, is' still living, but no hopes are entertained of his recovery. Emu Valley Water Trust.— The monthly meeting was hold yesterday at this. Shire Hall. Present—Crura. Horbury (chairman), Sommer- ville and Fox. The secretory for : Water' Supply wrote, forwarding printed ;c6pios of an ordor-in-counoil granting a farther -loan of £lBOO to the trust, also that the striking of a rate couldstand over for’ tho present. The secretary (Mr. R. B. Brennan) recommended that as a further loan of £lBOO had been granted to tho trust, application should-bo made for a working .advance of-say £3OO. The. credit balance at ' tho Colonial. Bank is £B9 0s lOd. Cmr.. Fox. moved and it was carried, that the solicitors, be asked/ lo at onoo send in their account. Cmr. Sommerville moved and it • was -that.tho trust, make application for a working* advance .of £5OO from the loan. /Grar. Fox-brought under notice tbo action of tho trust's .solicitors inn obtaining counsels advice on tbo advisability of paying Mr. Miller’s account’into court when tbo assignoo of'his insolvent estatb interposed and claimed -it, Ho statcd that the solicitors received definite-instructions to, pay tho money into -court,- and v if they engaged counsel they would - have to stand, the •1° 8 .'* thmosolvos. Tho engineer was , in'sVruotad' jiofc-to 'proceed with thebranch ohruihol D tillf Mrs. Storey ima hod her ’land included in/the : area. Ho also "forwarded - plans . and" specifi cations for the works-under the now loan,' but as he was not- present"at tho mooting ; it .was decided to adjourn it for a fortnight in order that ho might attend, and explaim ;thom and make amendments whoro thought necessary before tenders ware called. “Accouut’s amouht* ing to £5 10s 6d were passed for payment. Donations to the museum.—The curator of tho Museum (Mr. J. B. Lillie Mackay) acknowledges with thanks (on behalf - of the, administrative council) the following' dona tions for tho month of March:—Rose Hill parakeet, Mr. H. Jeal, Eaglehawk: two-hooded farina snake, Mr. C. Pleper, Emu Crook; boar’s tusk from near Darling River,.N.B/W., Mr. Richard Harris, Irbnbark; six birds’ eggs, including two eooh of English thrush, English blackbird and Indian minah, Mr. E. Mitchell,. Ravonswood; chert, auriferous quartz and “paint” gold shale from'Ballarat, peacock quartz, from Little Bendigo,' pumice from Mt, Buninyong, fossil leaf from Bacchus March, . air bladder of shark from Port Phillip, Mr. John Rhodes, Bendigo ; kaolin, Mr. M. Tankard/ Kangaroo Flat; piece of cloth mod© by the natives of Fiji, Miss Pike,: por Dr.- Macgillivray; acorn shells , oh oyster shell,- and- sorpula, Mr. C. Peacock, Pyramid Hill; piece of wattle grown into a knot, and slag, from Poipor’s Hill, Mr. O. Pleper; collection of fossils and other spool' mens, obiofly from'Curdle’s Inlet, comprising 43 torsbratula shells, 40 fossil urchins, six: corals, polyzoan, TO shells of oonchifers, six oasts -of gastropod/ shells, chiton -shells, shelly conglomerate/37 fragments of-shells, ferruginous organic ' limestone, dolomite, ■ dondrihos,. stalactites, stajaguptos, flints, •jasper . pebbles, dhnorotioijary limestone, ’ hrooeiated conglomerate, small goodo, all from Mr. M. J. Fardy; spheroidal tnass of rook composed of concretionary shale, found at a .depth of 400 ft in Koch’s Pioneer- Com pany, Mr. Robert Small; eight- specimens illustrative of tbo manufacture of copoo, Mr. W. Crosby, Queen streot, Molhourno, agent for Messrs. Fry and Co.‘, manufacturers, Bristol, England. SipNS of Returning Pruppeuitf.—During tbo past month or iso, each return of the; week’s railway traffic lifts sbowq an. j.nbre’ftse over the con’ospondiog period last year.- Last week’s receipts wore £74,233, ns against £68,365. , Two Nuggets, weighing 18’ and -8 : oudoos respectively, were found in one tub of-.dirt by two-yooug men working near the Kitty Ogden claim at Newbury,Troutham,yesterday. The'ground is now pegged out in nil direc tions. Eovoral nuggets from time to timo have been uneorlhod in tbd ; same Iboality. ". ‘ - A Carriage Cleaner Killed. —Oh/ tho i 21st- Mm*ob ’ last ; a carriago ; cleaner- on /the; Victorian RailwaySj/nainedT John Howes, was 1 at Vvbvk at the S’pqneer street railway Station. RTo was embrgiug fcbm underneath th'o . plat fonp as thc Sondigo. train‘was running Into tbo statiomapd was atrubk by tbo -fropt.of tbo onging on ebb/ '.aqd' knocked insensible.. "Ho was taken to tbb hospital, where it was found that lii§;skuH was . frac tured: rallied,.‘ and diod yostcr day morning. - The deceased was 30 years; of ago, and resided in Hilton street Qiiftbn Hill. : Herald. Tub . .."Postal Sbrviob ;At Strathpield ,SAVE.—Mr. A. W. Fox bss propiiced tho tdloWing let’or for presentation to the traibfimjijsayo-Gounoif :‘ r yon will have : :Hoalf’d ahbijt jhe conta'mplated .retrenbh- ; mont: which tho-hoo; the maater-Qqnoral I intends to bring about in the Shlrb of Strath-: fioldsaye. -and. as yon will bb porfectly-awaro, J If the (ntohubn ’ is/ patriod it will - bo o | very groat' injustice .'ta./tho, wine and > fruit i gcowoVs ih, . tho ebiro. _. Jdadly 1 roqacs'likydS^v-suppdrt::i“.. pVotostjlrig \- against /tho -ftltbratipn’,! Vi jnakb; tho .Em u; ; days ’ft ;»wpok^.mail^ daa/y ‘dbliv.ery ;whipb wo--fiavo had -for those.- 16 ' or-.‘lB'.year«;’' i. that’-ft."WoR-. attended : s o/qf f ’ pro tost - j trig against the "alteration’ wa3' , licld qn. hfaPoh \ 30fch, and^^ft^^petltion'nlgned^>y hjora; ratepayers ond residents .was : forwardodv 1 through; . our , .(Mr. Sterry, M,L. A.j,v. to the Poßtmaatay.Qonoral, end no proinii3od;" to toko tho mattor into eonsidbro-: tioniyrYbar.prbsideab;(Gr Somerville) will bo , abio to give fdU in formation On J tbe- matter. ” The. jottbr wod :sighcd by Mr Fox on boholf of tho ratepayers a rfd ros i dents of Em li Crook -- -ftodtSi^febtbßidsftyd.’ic<.\ Mechanics’ iNsriTOTk^Thp ,, monthly ,'meeting -was:; lost Presont-—Messrs;; Craig, (prosident)/-. Pearce, • Roberts, Young, Commons, Scott, Anderson, Buchan, Hayes •and Cohen..--- .‘Ah -apblbgy v Vvmi' received from tho Rev. J. Garlick. 'c-Tbe’ finance report For tho mouth Hhbwnd U>n‘j t)h® rooeipts from subscriptions wore £3l «« “ the expenditure £53 28 Id. The dcbit w fa i£2C3 14a'Ad. Mr. Anderson brought under notice the fact that their Government grant would possibly bo reduced tins year under tu<> retrenchment policy of the Government, so they wore now £3OO overdrawn - they shouia do something in tho matter. ■‘■hey bad ' jL ' £l2O out of the musical competition, had materially A-wUtod them. Ho wovoa that the matter ho referred to the finance committee for considerationand WftH sooroary pointed out that the overmqft - to a largo extent duo to too incurred jn building amV in publishing, a catalogue, items, not likely to recur. • Cohdn thought that the. host way out of the 'difficulty would bo to j | t f4 ,? membership roll,: n suggestion * * ! coincided, if it could ho shown how was fcd ho" done. Mr, Commons suggested lectures or cheap popular concerts, and Mr Pearce tho purchasing of a bllliivr»l /V" r l : .Anderson drew attention to the fa°t that one denomination had recently raised ;hy bazaar, f aai ho considered jf tho com' mUtee uut thoir shoulders to tho wheel they . could raise £l5OO, at least. . Eventually the finance committee was instructed to, report on the various suggestions. The library com mittee reported that six new members, had . . joined during the month. As a .quantity of magazines had accumulated, they hod decided ■to divide them between the Hospital ana Asylum. OPBH -Am Carnival. On Wednesday afternoon at 3 o’clock Wirth’s, circus troupe will give do.'open . air performance, hut the aifco has not yol been fixed upon. This will bo in addition to thoir .entertainment. In the theatre. There will 1 bo acts on , bucking i horses and wild steers ridden by prairie cowboys, tt'iiumhor of hippodrome feats, nod different portions of a circus programme. Further particulars will lib onnodnoed.to morrow. Tiihßaetbk Fair Temperance Booth.— Through a transposition of figures in yester day’s issno it was made fc*> appear that tbo sum handed in from tho temperance booth, run by tbo No. 1 Brigade, amounted ;to £lO5 6s-Bd. The correct figures are £l6O- 0s Bd. The.art unions will be drawn on' tho 21st inat . .. ’ Pirr AT- tub Bra Go, after throe o’clock yesterday afternoon tho sbinglb • roof of the -blacksmith's' shop at tho 'Sea' Go,’s mine, Vino street, was discovered ®to )bo on fire, A message was sent to-the Temperance ’Brigade, who quickly arrived, .Before thoir arrival, however, tho fire was extinguished, and without- tho damage extending further than to the roof. ‘ Testimonial to Ex-Senior Constable Barry.—A well attended mooting of the police force was, hold in tho barracks last evening to devise a plan for expressing their esteem for Senior-constable Barry, who recently retired from tho force.' Senior constable Roche presided.- After discussion, it was- decided to issue circulars and subscription lists , amongst tho members of tho force, but tho form which the presentation shell take was loft to be decided at a future date. Over £9 was subscribed in the room, Sunday Afternoon Larrikinism.—Pedes- trians along McIvor Road on Sunday after- noons are regularly submitted to great annoyance, and frequently to risk of personal injury, through the mischievous proclivities of a number of youths and young men, who from the railway line throw stones at passers- by beneath them, and also from the bridge indulge in the disgusting habit of expectorating on the heads of persons passing below. The offenders are mostly boys returning from their afternoon rambles, though young men may also be frequently seen indulging in those most unseemly and unmanly amusements. It is high time the plain-clothes police gave this quarter a little extra attention on Sun- days. Mr. Richard West Fairthorne, chemist, of High street, died early yesterday morning after a short illness (says the Herald corres- pondent). He had resided in Echuca for over twenty years. APPLES.—The last consignment of fruit for the season from Harcourt to the London market left on Saturday. There was a large number of cases of apples, and, as usual, great care was taken in packing the fruit. Thompson’s Foundry Brass Band (Casllo malno) on Saturday presented Mr. J. North- cott' with a handsome silver mounted baton ia. recognition of his services as bandmaster. Maliciously Wounding a Horse.— Superintendent Perry having boon advised by wire by the Moulamoin police that a warrant was out for the arrest' of a laboring man named Robert Lander, alias Monro, on a charge of maliciously wounding a horse, the property of Henry Thompson, and that it was believed he had made for Bendigo or Dunolly, the matter was placed in the bands of Detective-sergeant Mahoney. Mr. Mahoney shortly got on to the tracks of the suspected man, and by virtue of a provisional warrant, signed by Mr.S. H. McGowan, J.P., arrested him last evening in Bull street. A constable with the original warrant is now on his way here from Moulamein, which is a township on the River Edwards, 80 miles from Deniliquin. The prisoner will then be formally remanded to Moulamein. “ Ood; Jock;” —A-QlaNgowpaper publishes -n portrait of' tho Minister of * Landis, M Mr. John McIntyre, of Glasgow,” and comments as follows :—The portrait is that ,of one of' • tiie, plodding Scotsmen to be foundat tho ‘head of affairs in ' the 'Australian colony of Victoria, of which the Earl .of Ilopctoun is Governor. ‘Mr. McIntyre, who is a native of Glasgow,, bias raised himself ftqm the bulb blest birth to tbo position ofA* Cabinet.. Minister, thorappointm-uit of Minister of. Linda being jgiven- him; on the change of Government tiie other day. In 1852, at the age bf 20; Jho sailed from the Clyde', and' on his arrival-commenced the career of one of, the ablest pioneers of Victorian gold mining.: Ho was elected chairman of the. first mining board ia the Bendigo locality at the,age of 25, and at 30 became mayor of Sandhurst, occupying the position for six years, daring which be dispensed .tho hospitalities- of the town to the; Duke of Edinburgh. At his fourth attempt he entered Parliament in 1377, and, with the exception of a. short interval, remained in the Legislative Assembly,' where ho has boon a prominent politician. Mr. Harry Berkley Fitzhardinge; a wellknown solicitor and 1 loading resident of Wagga, -was killed on the railway , lino on Saturday night. No ono witnessed tho acci dent, but it is surmised that tho deceased gentleman was crossing tho railway lino | about 50 yards bast of the station platform on his way homo at half-past 9 o'clock and was knocked down by a truck which was being shunted. . Tho wheels , passed over _ him, completely crashing , bis, head. It was very dark at the time aud the body was not dis- | covered for an hour subsequently. Owing to I the decapitation of ’the body persons who knew , the deceased were unable to recognise him. and indemnification was first established by means ofL his watch. The deceased’* family wore all absent in Sydney on a holiday and wore to have returned on Tues day. John Brown’s Statue- Dbstuovbd.—Aii aerolite bos fallen at St. Louis, Missouri. In its fall it destroyed a.' statue erected to tho memory of old: 'John Brown, the. famous abolitionist, who wasoxaoutbdqt Charlestown ..in-1859-for helping slaves to escape. “ Advance Australia. Mr. J. F. Hogan, M.P., was (says a London contemporary) cordially bhoored by a crowded House when, oo Monday afternoon, 27lh'February, ho ad vanced to .the tabic of the House of Commons betwben Mr. Deasy and Mr. Curran*. -.lnto ; of Sydney, to take 'the -oath .and bis seat for Mid-Tipperary. To most new’ members,” re marks a London ; oodtoraporary, “ thiB ia a : •very trying ordeal, but Mr. Hogan had a sufficiency of ’Australian check’ to go through it without a blush or the slightest visible .sign .of trepidation. Ho, in fact, seemed ito on joy tho situation.-He .started from the bar of the House laughing at the congratulatory observation. of Mr. Henniker-Heaton: ‘I say, ; Hogan, there will soon bdonoagh of’us-'Aus rtralians here- to run the British' Parliament. Hal f'wayup'the floor a voiob was hbard abovo' .the oheors oalling but 1 Advance-Australia.’and that sot Mr.Hogan-smiling again. Lackuy he became appropriately; soriehS before (aklng" the oath-of alVogidno', signing the inombors’i roll, and shaking hands with the Speaker. Had ho smiled while being introduced by (bo Clerk of,the House t-j tho awfal potonAto in thq qhair.lho oonsequqiicjs would bo fearful to ooiitcroglate.”- (Mr.. Hogan ‘ was a Geelong' boy,- aod' tlibij rbporter.) . ■ The German piooic will-ka' hold to- morrow at Cherry Tree. Mr. A. Miller will resume his juvenile classes in. daiioingand deportment in the M noaio Hall on Saturday next at two o'clock, ' Tho adult classes ate hold bu Thursday ©vcnlags at 7 o'clook. ' ; ' j The FroevUetbodist School at Ironbark an nounce thoir annual picnic for Wednesday next at: rAx«laie. Tickets will bo- issued’ at the Church oh Tuesday evening. . 