SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ÂDBLAJBS, jah. 22» ' ' On Friday afternoon a Mrs. Clarina, Spooner died at her residence at Kent Town.. As there were suspicious circumstances sar«] rounding the deatb, an inquest was opened! by the'coroner. Dr. Whittell, on Saturday, ; but Was adjourned tili Tuesday. . The i cëteotives ara .in the meantime, enquiring ¡ into tbs cause of death, it being alleged that ' Sn illegal operation Was performed on the' lepetted.:'' ' .' . . j 1 Admiral Bowden Smith has for the last few ! days been the ghost of the Earl of Kintore. Oh Saturday the Governor gaye a pionio at j marble Hill iji honour of the Admiral's visit, j The" officers ;>f 'the flagships ¡Orlando aud j H.M.S. Tauranga were amongst the guests, i ?Öp Wednesday evening tho uagfbip will j Weigh anchor and, steer a ooaree for . Fort Lincoln abd Albany. ; . ' . .'".j. Ankippte, Jan. 25, The: result of the negotiations whioh the Treasurer has been carrying on with the ágent-Generál tor the last-two Weeks-is «a offer .frein a linden syndi^te; to «ubaoribe the required atuount of the next loan ata minimum ct J&i;* - Thia , tte Treasurer has decUned,-replyingthat neither the condition of tbs colonytia traitements were et auph a nature as ..te^waMant ,suoh .p., prjoe being accepted fora ^Spjità &a;/ä^ikflxfhf^ The Agent-General has replied to this, that fas is pleased to have the assaraaoe of the colony's condition Abt belag such as to compel tba colony to borrow» as tbsre'aeemB tsbe no ébanos of bettering Ith»' price named, . ,, : ADBIIAIDB, Jan. 26, 1 batead of going to tb» London market for a loan th* Treasurer/has decided to issue Treasury Bills locally. Tenders will be re-, oeived until February 13. The interest will be at the rate of 3d. a day for every hundred pounds, namely Si : Ila. Si. per cent. . per aanuav paid quarterly.. Bills will be. taken fer sums of £25; £$0, ' £100, .6500, and ¿61000, and for Urger Bums special arrange» ments will be madel' Under the Aol of . 1Ö92 I the Government have authority to issue bills lo the amount pf .£500,600. " ., * . r 