A Chat With a Haunted House Expart. " Then yon don't believe in ghosts, Mr. Brooke ?" "Certainly not; but I do believe there are people who see them-in imagination." Such was a question put by a representative of the Pall Hall Qatcite, and the answer received from Mr. W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a circular offering to visit " haunted houses" and lay the most trouble- some " spooke." Mr. Brooke complains comewhat of the Psychical Researoh Society, and thinks that if more activity was shown many houses that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that if someone would set himself np as a " specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the "dread being's own abode" for a little time, he might easily find out the real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. " What was your first achievement? ' " Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zealand, but on the day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on account of the Btrange noises that were heard in the ship's hold and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distress. I found out this waa not the case, so (having an ' idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and, rolling down the heap of coals, fell into the ' arms ' of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal !" " I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strange noises ?" "Oh, yes; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured me, ' come out of the earth.' I found that the Bounds proceeded from the efforts I of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I waa quietly Bitting in a ' haunted house' with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicious-looking hole, and my trusty No. 2, shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I 'let go.' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round its neck ; no more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, bad been tied round the poor brute as an old .dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." "What are your methods of unearthing ' ghOBt8 ?' " " They are very simple. I have very acute hear- ing, and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it ; but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examina- tion of the doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appeirance of the apparition or the sonnd of the creature. If it appears (it never does, though !) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or paw treads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house, and, consequently, can often de- tect flaws in the building that would not be noticed except by a practical man. Strange noises are caused fey a variety of things ; clothes baskets that have contained wet clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people wondering, a beetle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct in- fluence on the bodily organs, those organs being the organs of sense. It acts by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which they communi- cate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. I have been in his company when he sees them-he has had two or three attacks of ' D.T.' " " Needless to say, Mr. Brooke, you have alvsay8 discovered the nature and whereabouts of the .spirit?'" "YeB. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One I house that I visited bore a very bad name. Un- earthly shrieks as of a woman while be:ng ill-treated had been heard by the neignbours, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house hy myself one evening, but failed to bear anything out of the common, until the lady, a few minutes before 12, gave me a'taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above; I went into the garden-she waB there ยก I went into the street-she was there. I know she was there, because I beard her. Iexamined the house thoroughly, but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of honra' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under my arm-the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." " By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof an empty house ?" " I've had worse. I managed to nnearth the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High street, Deptford, some time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of ' four 'arf' informed me that ' the blokes wot lived in one of the kerrevans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to ' doBB.' " 