TOPICS OFTHE WEEK Mr. Gillies enjoys a pleasure not unlike tlie one fished for by Lord Brougham, who tele graphed to London the news of his own death in order that he might see what sort €>f biographies "wouM be printed by the daily journals. The leading Australian papers have given Mr. Gillies nice notices in view of his supposed appointment to the Agent Generalship, and he has had the comfort of learning that in the opinion of nearly all the oracles he is a most capable and deserving man. And now Mr. Gillies announces that he is not going. The Government, it seems, made the same mistake as the Laird ot Cockpen, and are dumbfounded at hearing their offer refused. They announced the ap-1 pointment before making sure that it would j be accepted, and, like the laird, the Premier has to mount and ride home "cannilie,^ wondering how Mr. Gillies could be so "daft as to say no. There are not many men in Victoria who would refuse the offer Mr. Gillies has had; there are very many who would jump at it; there are very many who would intrigue and work for it, till they had worn through the knees of their trousers, if they thought that they could win by such means. A time- worn politician sitting on a bench within sight of the Treasury would very thankfully take the office, and Mr. Pat terson's hurry in forcing it upon Mr. Gillies may have been caused by a wish to get that painful case out of his morning and evening view. It has not, we dare say, cost Mr. Gillies much effort to Buy no. He does not yearn after social distinctions ; he might like to be in touch with the few Imperial states men who study the interests of the whole empire, but he would not care a jot for "'drawing-rooms" and like functions; and the putting on of uniform for state cere monies would be irksome to him. He would not be the centre of attention at the Reform that he is at the Athenaenm. Besides, Mr. Gillies sees that his time is coming very rapidly here; he is not shelved; he keeps in training, and may lie wanted at any moment. He doubtless suspects that the Government were more concerned about get ting rid of a friend too big to be a follower or supporter than about filling the Agent Generalship advantAgeouely. He will gain kudos by deciding to stay in Melbourne. Only Mr. Frank Madden, who wants his seat, is sorry, and Mr. Madden can have Toorak for the asking at the next election, so he need not grieve. But now that Mr. GiUies has decided to stay we hope that it is with the intention of acting. He encou raged, by his example, a great deal of sleep ing over railway questions last session, when a public man, touched with the sight of in justice and palpable misrepresentation, would have spoken out vehemently. All the issues went by default, owing to the placidity of Mr. Gillies. He did not move a finger to save a reputation from drowning, thougli it was partly through his counsel and teaching and sanction that the case had come to drowning. Upon Mr. Patterson the lesson resulting from Mr. Gillies's refusal will not be lost. He will not repeat the mistake of proclaiming an appointment before his man has consented. As as old stager he should | not have been caught There are some raw j hands in the Cabinet, and the Premier, be sides making an entry about this matter on the tablets of his memory, should see that leaden weights are fastened, as is done with divers, to the Treasurer's feet, to keep him on the ground. The member who so often denounced grandmotherly legislation in the past, now that he has become a Minister, after long waiting, and imagines that he is inspiring the financial world, in cluding the associated banks, and the public service clerks with awe, talks portentously to the reporters of the evening papers about coming legislation. We are to have honest brokers by act of Parliament Licensing, which has failed to provide us with none but honest and law-observing publicans, and is proving to be a very ineffective safeguard against quackery in medicine, is going, in Mr. Carter's hands, to purify and cleanBe the Stock Exchange, making angels of the brokers every one. Won't the Treasurer have quite enough to do, as a novice, in put ting the public finances straight ? Time flies very fast with Ministries, and the sheriff will be at the cell door " demanding the body " before this one wiil have fulfilled a tithe of its promises. In the " Gondoliers/'kLuiz and Casilda see themselves on opposite sides of the stage, t . " revel in memories of the past," and as eae one thinks of some past delight, they thro' kisses at one another. The same kind < . thing has been going on at the railway officei where the three inquisitors have sat listening ' while Mr. Smyth, the Crown prosecutor, ht been extracting from witnesses with goo ' memories the circumstances under wbicl five years ago, an engine with ove balanced wheels did some mischief to tt \- rails between Macedon and. Snnbui; Kisses have been exchanged with gta ".enthusiasm, not only before the curtain, bi ; behind it, and the joy of the paper that -' acting the part of informer and execution f threatens to terminate in the breaking of ^Jjlpbd-vessel- The story was supposed to 1 :4**4 buried, but the gravedigger hi ]^eh aent for and the body exhumed. 1 -4./**» -omp experiments on wheel-balancii vied by Mr. Allison Smith, when actii Sorive superintendent, during the a HMs. ThrOugh a driver ovi p^'ahgine e, considerable length -'^TilrojJaiis beaten out of shaj " " |e in Parliament, the use ■jon'Mr. Allison Smith, , the then oommissione jffuu) the papers. stow togood. I Fatt " foe the inqu" jhtor-ieneral, . 1 Driver U repotted Mr. Allison Smith ab having Said—' You would have got on better if you had less to do with the Drivers and Firemen's Society.' I asked the locomotive superintendent if he thought I should leave the society and become a blackleg, to which Mr. Allison Smith replied, 'Yes, and defy the society. I put up my back ng&inst; the wall and defy the whole country.'" Mr. Smyth, in the part of Casilda, threw n whole volley of kisses to Luiz when this came out. How easy Mr. Long's statement would be to believe exactly as he told it had he not at the same sitting been convicted out of his own evidence of having told a deliberate lie. He drove his engine down hill at the rate of 75 miles an hour, arriving at the station an hour before he was due, yet he entered his arrival on the sheet at the time-table time to conceal the fact that he had been going too fast, and he made no report about the bumping of his engine for the same reason. Driver Long has never forgiven the loco motive superintendent for getting him fined for overdriving and lor suppressing the truth, and has waited five years for the opportunity : which has come. Nothing could )>e more exquisite than the spirit in which the inquiry j has been conducted—the raking-np of old stories, the winning encouragement shown to witnesses who, as Mr. Akehurst says, give " good evidence," and the frowns and worn incs kept for witnesses who are unwilling to "accusethis man," as these extracts from the report will show:— Mr. Surra.-Oh, don't let us hare to drag every thing out of you. Didn't he (ret his instructions from Mr. Allison Smith?—Yes. Siegen made the calcula tions. Mr. Smith.—'We have it in evidence that the weights were increased from 1101b. to 6661b. That is about 4001b. per wheel? Witness.—That was only on the X class. Ah, you see you do know a good deal when you like. I ask you if you can give us some idea of the amount of weight on these engines ?—I can't really t®11* ..... Have you any means of ascertaining?—I have not. Mr. Surra.—'What was the object of burying this material; was it not to hide it out of sight? Witness —Ko, it was not llow many men were employed burring this atn, am" material'! Remember you are on your oath, and we can get the information?—Not more than half a dozen fitters and six or seven mechanics. " This material" was putin the form of plates underground, as foundation for machinery, and Mr. Smyth got several workmen to call the burying of it " hiding," though as yet it does not appear that there could have been anyone to hide it from, as the then commis sioners knew of every tiling that was done. Everyone must admire this application of old Inquisition ways to modern secular par poses, and the bringing in of Hr. Smyth, who was selected by Mr. Akehurst as Crown Law Secretary to examine before Mr. Akehurst as member of the.board the witnesses who were discovered by an officer of the Crown Law department told off by Mr. Akehurst (as Crown Law secretary) to searc^^thfe work shops for good evidence. / / An amusing attempt is beinglmqffe t9 suade the farmers, who have fo^ ^ta^ejame been kicking at protection, that tit taxed so heavily under the tariff as "jSttople who live in town. Only a theorist wanting in practical sense would enter upon such on undertaking, for even if he had the facts on bis side, he could not possibly convince the farmers either as individuals or as a class that taxation which professes to take iu everybody, and does take in everybody, some bow misses them. The "spieler" and the "confidence" man are not the only persons who think that the simple countryman can lie tricked. "Those duties on bicycles, silk dresses, broadcloths, stationery, furniture, boots and shoes, Ac., you know," says Me phistopheles, in his blandest accents to his rural subscriber, "are not paid by you, be cause you can't afford such luxuries. You mn't afford to buy good clothes for your wife, therefore she never buys silk, nor do rou ever wear a black coat, which is the Bign if a Trades-hail councillor and labour mem ber of Parliament; and as for stationery, you know you don't write letters, and never send to tbe post" We wonder how the farming community likes to be made out to be so very self-denying and so very hard up. And, if it is true that the farmer pays no duties on scented soap or gold and silver plate, as his friend the Af/e claims, why has lie to go without these comforts which the town re sident is prond to' exclusively indulge in? May it not be that the does he does have to pay, and the hardships he does have to pot up with, and the thrift he most practise, compel him to live closely? The fanner is lectured and preached to on the blessings of thrift, bat the great army of union labourers who demand protection to keep them going both in wages and in town luxuries have teachers in these days who tell them thatthrift is the worst thing thatl&bour; can take up with. The giving of these, long lists of desirable things, which fanners either cannot buy or seldom buy (pianos come in this category), instead of consoling them 'with their lot, should open their eyes to the fact that the people who live and toil in the country are; getting the worst of the compact they entered into with the town supporters of protection.' The luxuries which they are put down as getting only a small sbare of are hairbrushes, playipg cards, chinaware, clocks, pianos, cigars, wines, silk mixtures, &c.; Were tbe farmer on a strike committee be would not go without a piano, or cigars, or champagne. And how is the .conclusion arrived atthat beoause he does not get the taxable comforts which find their way into [ town homes, therefore he esoapes with light taxation.? The average rate per head under the tariff, £2 8e. 4d., is taken, and it is as sumed that no tore pays mote than the average. A deduction of 4d. per head is then made for the duties on the luxuries of life, whioh the fanner is fold do not come his way, sad .bis quota is made ont to be £18s. Mephistopheles reasons ingeniously. But it won't do. The average pf £8 6s. 4d. is what we ate all eupposed to pay in some shape. No individual and no class of ito diridoals ooiasnmes every (me of tiiedatiehle articlesimpoHtd* things, some others. The reasoning that supposes that all hut the farmers take a little of everything is manifestly deceitlul, and therefore any attempt to prove from " averages " that the fnrmer does not pay his fair and full share of Customs duties cannot but lead up to falsehood and deception. Only Divine Providence can tell how the tariff comes home to each and every man, and to each and every class; and however " » — expertly the protectionist writer may juggle with his figures he must fail to convince and persuade his country readers that they escape with an easy handicap. Protection has never done anything else but tell Garden of Eden fables, after the manner of the serpent, to the farming community. It promised the grain growers that if they would vote for high duties a population would be concentrated in town to give thera a market. The towns people were to be a host of grain-eaters, paying full price for wheat What is the fact? The market of the Victorian farmer is London. The price he gets in Melbourne is determined by the price ruling in London. It would scarcely matter to the farmer if he did not sell a single bushel here. He is in the same position as the wool-grower. Whe ther he shipped all'to London, or only some to London, liis cash receipts at the end of. the season would be the same. Protection j does notinfluence the price of wheat in Mel bourne one farthing. Two or three sessions ago, when the Play ford Ministry was in office, grave dissatisfac tion was expressed in the bouth Australian Assembly at the working of the Railway Management Act. There was no fighting between the chairman and his fellow-com missioners. "This," said the Minister of Public Works, " is bad, because I have no excuse for interfering." The blot on the act was found to be the clause enabling the chair man to overrule his colleagues where they disagreed. "We'll soon right that," said honourable members, and the repeal of the j clause was moved, a new one being proposed authorising the Minister to step in when de agreement occurred and give the final de cision. Governments and parliaments dis like nothing so much as the existence of ruling and administering bodies with whom they may not interfere, and the amendment was made very readily in a statute which it was felt had been passed in a moment of injudicious solicitude for the public good. Parliament, in its sober and self regarding senses, voted that the public good demanded occasional meddling by the Minister of Public Works. And an op portunity for meddling presented itself in due season. Tenders were accepted for the making of looomotives, and after the contfftpt Jiad been let the contractors pro tested tha\if the condition barring the use of Krup^'s rires and axles, and compelling tilling to purchase from one of two other were /insisted on they would be penaliqe^Jy the extent of £10,900. Krupp —'*■ because 13 of his axles had ;n in 18 months. The chairman de clined to relax the condition ; his colleagaes were willing to relax it provided the Govern ment and the contractors went halves in the gain which would ensue. The Minister stepped in and let off the contractors on their foregoing £3,000 of the contract money. Such an outside storm seems to have arisen over this interference that the Government appointed a board to inquire into all the facts; and, with the view of securing fair and impartial examination, they made Mr. Grayson, the Minister who meddled, one of the board. The Minister did not vote when the report was decided on, hut he took part in the inquiry, and by his presence gave the board to understand that they most think twice before they damned a man of bis quality. The board has been obliged to find that Mr. Grayson's meddling was premature and his decision bad. He acted on the mere assertion of the contractors as to what might happen. They said that if they were limited to one of two firms those firms might put up the price, but they did not ask for any quotations, and the { assumption was purely gratuitous. The con cession proposed by the junior commis sioners—" halves"—is pronounced by the board to have been " very liberal," con sequently the decision arrived at by Mr. Grayson was equivalent to making the con tractors a present of £2,450. lint having so far found against the Minister, as it was obliged to do, the board makes compensation by regretting that there should be lack of harmony among tire commissioners, though the law was altered to promote discord; and that the Junior commissioners have not asserted themselves more when they differed from the chairman, which would hardly tend to promote the harmony said to be lacking. The fact happens to be that on the matter of looomotiveoxderingthe chairman is an expert, while bis colleagues are laymen, and the Minister anamfkteur. But the board " be lieves " that Krupp's tires and axles are as good aS the tires and axles of one of the firms named in the specification, and does not see why they .shopld not have been accepted on " reasonable awangement" after the with drawn! hy the locomotive superintendent of ids objection that there had been an unusual percentage ofbtcakages. fa other words, politicians know far better how locomotives .hould be made than an expert who has had Md has reputa tion and offide at Bbtite£,;and the public safety is jeopardised inotder tiiat a firm of contractors | map; rmt ^altiog a miscalculation. axles than allowen pbstinateobajrrnan to have his way where be i anybody else. «nd the Bail* Coimm«iiJnerB a difference over t' ordering $ ®je commissioners ga » jajgp order for carriage tires, axles,' & W nf the ordi U ^nnanbA hA fiOni^dN^ fkai \ stpppcdil^ --—~ yjm, tvui %«nimj&rti;»#on oouja not be utili yorkihpf two. years.to oome, «i if the staff were workings igh t and day, "That is loading us up with stores," the Minister observed, and he ran his pen through the order. Mr. Smith, chairmau of the commis sioners, when examined before the Parlia mentary board, said" The Commissioner of Public Works prideB himself that he stopped that work. What does. that mean ? It means that 'we will have to discharge a number of men because we have not got those axles, wheels, and tires to keep them employed.'" Mr. Grayson, who, about the time these words were spoken, bad mis givings as to bow he stood with the working men in his constituency, said to himself, " That's said to damage me in the estimation of the electors whom I must shortly appear before." Mr. Smith, on learning how his words had been interpreted, explained, " Had I thought that the evidence in question would have been so viewed by iiim I would not have used it," This should have ended the matter, but it did not. Mr. Grayson, as the Register points out, by cancelling tbe order and boasting of it, bad as good as asserted that the commissioners were spendthrifts, yet the still small voice of conscience made no reproach. As soon, however, as Mr. Smith pointed out that Mr. Grayson bad acted precipitately and injudiciously there was uproar. And the board of which Mr. Grayson was a member wrote to Mr. Smith, rebuking him for not having grovelled in the dust before the Minister, and begged to be spat upon for having dared to suppose that a Minister could err. The chairman of com missioners defends himself in respectful but manly lunguage. He discluimB any idea of wishing to injure the Minister in the eyes of the electors, but he stands his ground " Although 110 one doubts that Mr. GnxyBOn was actuated by the verr best of motives his action was apparently based on erroneous infoimation and with out a fall knowledge of the facts. It was euiUined to Cabinet on January 23, 1892, that the delfrery of the 3,132 wheels and tires we required could not be commenced till seven months, and as delivery would only be at the rate of 360 per month, eighteen montha would be occupied in the completion of the order. The position at the present time is that we have not sufficient broad-gauge wheels by 139 for the veihlqles now under construction, and that for the replace ment of 6,000 wheels under the narrow-gauge vehicles—the necessity for which has been urged not only by the present loco, engineer, but by nis predecessor—we hare available 463 wheels only. Under these circumstances the commissioners cannot be charged with having sought to obtain unnecessary stores." Yet we feel the ltoard is right in censoring Mr. Smith. Politicians desirous of posing before the electors as marvellous economists. end of making capital out of the setting down | they give to railway commissioners, would Ire deprived of one of the main claims they have to popularity if they were denied the freedom of unlicensed action and anlioeiwed speech. Mr. Smith should in public have applauded 1 Mt. Grayson's meddlesomeness as wisdom! almost divine, wishing that he were himself similarly inspired, and then privately got the Minister to modify his foolish minute. That. is the only way to get on with a Minister. There is remarkable affinity between the ova of the salmon and the promise- list of a Ministry. Salmon ova, when deposited, ore infinite in number; the greater part of them are eaten straight off by stranger fish waiting for their breakfast. The fry hatched out of the small percentage of eggs that escape destruction are similarly eaten, though less comprehensively, and eventually not more than twoorthreeindividnals grow to maturity. Why nature should sanction this appalling waste has not been explained, but like things happen in the vegetable world, where millions ot seeds are scattered by the wind to end in the prodnction of a few plants. In the political world, every Ministry annnally pats forth h tremendous budget of promises, with the seeming intention of carry ing them out,only to abandon or forget them one by one. No doubt, it ia perceived to be neoessary that politicians slionld have some thing to occupy them, as caged lions and tigers are given wooden balls to play with, and Parliaments are made to tire of their Btnusement before it comes to anything lest the people should be suffocated by legisla tion. Sir John Downer, the South Australian Premier, has submitted the Ministerial pro gramme to the country, which is about to elect a new Assembly, It would be wasting space to mention the ' measures. In accordance with precedent he promises bills enough to fill'a new statute library, and long though the list is, Mr. Holder, the Op position lmder, complains that the Premier has not promised enough, and enumerates the proposals that will be made by the advanced Liberals. Thenthere are the pulling-down advocated by the labour party. The gr£at fault found by Mr. Holder is that Sir John Downer's policy, apart from tbe pro posed construction of railways and tbe liberalising of the conditions of 8etUement,is a negative one. If Mr. Holder examines the statutes carefully, he will find the Utile word no in almost every clause. Parliament em ploys itself largely in passing aota forbidding men doing this or that AU tariff legislation is of the forbidding kind. That is why legis lation does, and can do, wo Utile to promote most J of it Is directed to tying people by the hand end foot Almost all the legislation demanded by ^labour", is of a.' handcuffing kind. The new way of advancing the people is to jbaul back tire individuals end classes who pern too swift of foot Mr. Hutjetltnsoh, the labour representative of Inverc&rgUl; in the New. Zealand - Parliament, has just pro pounded a echeme forpaying the captain bi theMaraibaandeaohJfiremantheeamepay, beoanse the pne is as essential ps theptherin the nayigtdidn of . the ehip^ To fit his pro posal to Tact, he should pay phecaptain<w mucVas "20 or 80 firehieti or 20 or SO seamen, for that is the ratio in which their services arc essential. The scalewould then run 10 fire men-equal one officer, three officers equal one captain, &c.; Mr. Holder advocates js price raising policy for South Australia. jTb< cause - of tiw defcrelsiori there is that-tbi priotoof staple products have fallen 80 pei Oent'lh IB years. ^Let ns have tbe ok Ipriofis iot wheat, lyool, oopper, and silver find we shall hear no mofepf want pf dence." Having said whioh lie proposes a progressive or buratiog-up land tax to pio vide a supply pf small, prppertifis, at draped clearing-out rates, for would-be settlers, who seem to exist chiefly in5 tHfe' imagination of popular orators. The trne explanation of to many grand land laws failing, has yet to be realised, vis., that thenumber of people qualified to take advantageof them is at all times small. Bqt the' beauty of Mr. Holders policy lies in the circumstance that the price of grain and wool being unremunerati ve, bels going to increase the number of persons pro. dncing them. • • Sir Samuel Griffith received the congratu lations of the Brisbane bar, in the presence" as the local society papers record, of "a fashionable gathering of ladies, dressed in their newest and best olothes. Men arid women have their different ways of tnlri«iE part in public ceremonies and showing respect to the great ones of the earth on their becoming exalted. Mr. Byrnes the Attorney-General, delivered a complim^tary speech, setting forth the virtues andaPhieve ments of the new judge. Mrs. Attorney-General " wore a black Surah silk gown and mantle ornamented with cut jetarid lace, and a black lace and Jet bonnet with crimsoh poppies." When the sex of the undivided skirt obtains emancipation the ladies tnay do the talking and the men the dreRS-wearing, pr both may talk and ,aboW off their line, raiment. ' At present what it interests men to know about the opening hf Pairliament is the jprogramme embodied in the Governor's speech; what it interests women -to know- is how the women present were attired. Men read the account of the races to find out who won, women to find out whether anything new was worn. And, no doubt, the day after the Brisbaneoongratnlation each sex directed its eye to the column that gave the intelligence that was most interesting—speeches for the one, clothing for the other. Yet Sir Samnel Griffith could not but feel much flattered at his inauguration being made a society " func tion." He spoke of having for many years been, with the exception Of Sir Archibald Micbie—the Brisbane reports say Nicol—the senior counsel in the colonies. Sir Samuel must mean that his seniority was due to his Queen's Cotinselship, for Mr. MncDermott, who is still practising, was called in the year that Master Griffith arrived with his parents in Moreton Bay, 1854, and Sir Bryan O'Loghien goes-back to 1856, while Mr. Parves, Q.C., antedates Sir Samuel by two years at the bar. However, this little matter of dates is a very small oue, and fthe new Chief Justice of. Queensland takes his rank laden with distinctions, all won by sheer industry and honourableendeavouri HeOwes ppne of .his success to favour or temporary popularity.- If -he is very popular just at present, jt is because be has convinced the public that he is a strong and a trustworthy man. His qualities are all of the. solid kind. No enemy has been able to accuse him of being witty, humorous, or frivolous. Serious ness and an intense love for hard work are his leading characteristics. * Even Chief JuBtice Way, who is an omnivorous worker, would, in his best days, have found it breath-ex hausting work keeping up. with Sir Samuel Griffith iu his best days. Sir Samuel has beoome possessed of all be knows by conquest—not by unusual quick ness of mental Assimilation or; swiftness of sight. He finds his way to the centre by slow and sure walking. The heavens when black do not open to him with a flash ; and when he has happened to take up cursorily subjects tbat lay off the beaten track, -he has formed some very crude opinions. The views he ex pressed in a magazine article not long ago on the relative clainiB of labour and capital only rose a few inches above the level of nonsense; he wrote before he had given himself time to inquire and think as he would have inquired and thought bad it been a question of law to be argued before the Pall Court, and afterwards taken to t^e Privy ConnoiL Yet if his intuition |b moderate, hia powers of finding out are great, and his judgment on most matters very shrewd. He suooeeds on -the Queens land Bench a brilliant and showy Chiet Justice, with qualities that won affection as well as praise. ButSir Samnel Griffith has one great advantage over Sir Charles Lilley he makes no mistakes, and keeps alway s on the chalked line. > Sir Cbtrhft, like bright stars in general, had iris aberrations, and was always itching to be in politics, to se men right whose pretensions and small abilities he could not but despise. Pbe Duke of Argyll has written one of tbe iksof the time. It is called the fJwem undaiioru cf Society, and its purpose » » pose the fallaoies which have "J.* ■X books on political economy-imd estions through the neglect -of ■merits. Everyone wisbing to get a correw fight into the relations of labour^ pitril, which Ore abowri to be two of tw »t umbittoous nrid misleading terms in the «uSe,-«houidmd this wort ?h«DB™ iborately and carefully rme sment* of " wealth.? One of the PrlDft® stors is " JRJJi s fact, which SIS ly may all holdings Of land be tiaoed l»« might day. ve. to. keep the mehsptord^rihm ^ perfichil reader ^ bting dry tijd » produced, wtarith,, M m y, i^iitiotri, Bnd m<>wf bi«tw_ . ^ wa»«W?Sf8MS5^« It fa demonstrated thathd race e'ver attained Ift'tivitfaafibn ati^ t>rb^^^ bthet^ii tfaan' by Securing the individual.citizen in Uie. ex-' elusive possession of- toe fraita. of his industry, and where security has been greatest prosperity has been greatest. "Why araPefaia arid-Syria) two of'the most fertile regions on ;tiie lace of. tfie* globe) so poor '? Because for ageB, under vicious rule, there has been no jseej^rforp^iyate propprtythp re. In analysing -the dements • bf "wfcalth"^ DukeofArgyli attaches great importance to **4^niahd.^ A thing must be in demand to haveyalue. "^e see in;ifellminne'j|ratkow. that.the best, of all securitiea—iand-ris un saleable. Why ? ' Bec&uaethere; has been a oSssationof demand,atisin^from the general dfatipstion of savings '.arijj !a forbefltallinig bf gsfaq to come which has bound almost eyery;, on& to too .mortgagee.; Labour does not confer 1' value" ■ on ;anything 'nnleas that tldng!taeet8Bome hamtfn need irid fa readily wKfeAbte. Jjeriflfc' ;thk^ppriance,)t>f thefin teUigence wbich forcse^ what, people, are likely to want and directaCffort intothe rigbtohannels. "Labour"fa going.about cwriMaming that it fa Unemployed, jabd it . i£unemployed b^akse thierp fa a scantily; }>t minds to 'discover *gbo3T uses'for labouiy "labour," though it claims to be: toe chief jnodgctof wraith, fa helpless until it fa led. living spine glimmering of this truth; the: ajgifatora we iiive' among, tts''yriufa^tfc? t3b v&^'ent ,tp do .'all'/thi leiding andbe the, oJdly ) employer,: ''as',;df .Governments were specially gifted with prescience and ori ginality, iaStead of bring composed of ordi nhiy citfaens who have met with more or less BBcbess (usually less) in private life, and bring to politics and legislation an exceed ingly poor stock of new ideas... The Duke of Argyll haB dohetoe world great service, not ojily by opening the eyesOf economists to the fallacy of Bome cherished doctrines, but'by writing a book that gives an entertaining ac count of toe elements of progress. In its pages the well-read man finds intelligent rfae made of facts he fa familiar with ; the ill-read man falls in , with a procession of interesting novel ties,and can stock his mind, for example, with new ideas as to the cause of toe dying out of the Assyrian^ the Peru vian, " land the Aztec, whose fate serves to illustrate toe lessons toe Duke has to teach.; And no ohaper is more readable than the one on meditev&l; Ireland.j -H. !Jules Ferry will be known to history as having added Tunis and Tonquin to the French colonial empire, and afterwards fallen a-victim to'Sii outburst of public hostility. Hfaeariy political career was hot discredit able. He was one bf the small band who denounced the war with Germany, probably because it was prompted by Imperialists rather than on account of its. inherent wickedness or of toe evils it was likely to bring upon France. As Mayor of Paris, M. JplesFeriy showed courage and energy during the outbreak of toe Commune, from which he narrowly escaped with his life. .Under toe Republic he sobn attained a prominent posi tion, mad, after bring Minister -of Public Instruction, he became Premier in 'Sep-, tember, 1880. Durum his term of office the occupation of Tunis took place; but, although the treaty with toe Bey, which placed him under French protection, was tariffed, and a vote of censnre on the Mi nistry was negatived by toe Chamber of Deputies, toe Ministry resigned. In Feb ruary, 1883, M. Ferry again formed a Cabinet, and. once more launched out on a career of colonial extension. But the annexation of Tonquin ; was a far more arduous enterprise than that of Tunis. The war cost France an immense sum of money and many lives, and was greatly dis liked by toe peasantry, who were enraged at seeing so many of toeirnnmber sent toperish in savage warfare in a country in which they had hot toe slightest interest. On the news of a disSster to' the French forces reaching Paris in March,; 1885, there was a sudden ex» plosion of public feeling, the Ministry was defeated on a vote of ofedit for carrying on the war, and M. Ferry's political career was practically brought to an end. Although a large vote was subsequently granted, and toe resultsii©f toe - war were accepted by the nation) the- feeling against M. Ferry, as author of toe war, cpntinned intense. When besfob&jas; & candidate for the Presidency in 1887, De was violently and,bitterly attacked; and? the Chambers were actually compelled Cartoak. tO- shdd the risk of to' elect'- ;M,- Carhot. to-stojd the . nstga hy K maainan. .He , was nnable henceforth .-to dtske - any - part in party warfare)and his eleetionas President of -toe Bengfe afew,weeks ago' Ckme rather as a sm^rise, though it fa kajrily to be Jakeri ifa a,sign that be had outiived toe public animosity.;toat had condemned, him? to obscurity for nearly eight years. . MI A3. Hl'kifa u.sA-JAas '.van ' F^W PtoWenia, linguistic 'or historical, have ^exercised Buoh a strong fascination orar ^e l^irned world As toat .relating to the lai^q^' j^d affintties qf,, toe ancient E^usqaqs,; Aphmlfar pfl toe inscription's of this mysterious people, ate indeed extant, buttoey havei spfar, defied all toe ingenuity or Fbflblojgfafa ihterpret. totem, and5 our wMw flAve Jfatoraade oat by the help Of some -bilingual intoriptionB. What adds to'too 'faysfary'is "thattoeWords! whose j ws hayeany Imowledge. , The Btrutoan was, thetefdre,' hpifarehtly toe < sole survitor of a t»%ffeMfeTolsfafatokfwhfah totrefa no; jntereBt was excited by. the announoeraent that a manuSOTfSrfSBWimitijSl "found an logi8t,intheF< The mummy was, it seems, brought froth' Egypt some 40 j>eaih agoby an AuBtriah traveller, apd subsequently -placed in the Museum at Agram. The linenbands in which it was wrapped were covered with j written characters, which for a long timie were a greet puzzle to I experts*; \\.Thuis Brugsoh Pasha, the Egyptylogisfc, thought the writing was Ethiopia while Sir Richard Barton, the great English traveller and lin guist, suspected that it* might be Nsbatheah. To Profrasor\Krall, ",p£ Vienna, has-been, reserved the honour of discovering.that the characters axe those , of the Etruscan alphabet, and that the words they compose occur in the Etruscan1 inscriptions, Pro-' feasor Krall's discovery was onlypiade in 1891, and he has since then been occupiedin transcribing the text and arranging the frag-1 mehts in proper order. 'The iresult of his in-1 vestigations has just been'made known to the world in a work. ..published jby, .'thej Imperial Academy of Vienna. Thete^t originally contained 12 columns, and the; greater part of these have heeh preserved;1 namely, 200 lines,.including the last'para-, graphentire. !fche writing is! divided into^ sections or chapters, and afltiie. words are i separated from one ariother by points.j Professor Sayce is5 ofopiniohthat p careful] examtnation of this' writing' will fesjft %o ttye j solution of the long- standing puzzle. A large number of words in the manuscript are found in the Etruscan inscriptions, especially in the "Gippus Perusinus," the lbngest and most important of them,; the fre quency with wfiichcerjuin words aiidphrases are repeated it is believed that the work is of a ritualistic nature, and this is confirmed by the fact that among these words are the names of eievehtl Etruscan divinities, a word which Is khown to signify "ghost "or "spirit;" and another whiohap peara in a bilingual inscription as the equiva lent of the Latin haruspex. It is possible, therefore, tjiat the fragment is one of the works on augury or divination for which the people of Etruria, were so famous in the ancient world. That the mammy round which frie linen was wrapped belonged to the Gteco-Roman period is proved by the gilding on the face and shoulders,!and we knowthht Etruscan was read and Bpoken as late as the reign of the Emperor Claudius, who wrote a. history of Etruria, in 20 books, which is Un fortunately lost. The importance of de-: ciphering the Etruscan language lies chiefly in the fact that the Roman character and religion were largely moulded by influences derived from the Etruscan beliefs and ritual. Hence the interest with which any further announcement on the subject of this manu script is awaited. 