FICTION. ? EiigHftli. imerlrun, anti otlirr Periodical*. YQUNB PHIL AND OLD PHIL. Phil Trewitt, New York merchant, went one morning to his offlco in the Produce Exchange in a very comfortable frame of mind and body. He waa not yet forty- five, his health was superb, he had plenty of friends, a good bank account, a pleasant home, and he was on the right side of the grain market, which had been unusually brisk for some months. Yet no sooner had he assorted his mail, and opened one particular letter, which he seemed to expect, than he began to look grave, aad then to frown. He ran through the letter hastily, re-read it slowly, his face lengthening all the while ; then he closed the door of his private office, stretched hiiiiBolf in his chair, looked through his window at the sky, and began muttering to himself. " Like father, like son ! It never occurred to me when I fell desperately in love at twenty-one that my eon would follow in my footsteps. I made a runaway match ; what if he should follow me in that particular, too ! Mine turned out well, as long as the dear girl lived. Suppose, though, that my boy's shouldn't. Lightning doesn't always strike twice in the same place ; neither does the luck of a boy who thinks he has found the only woman in the world. I'd had one love affair before ¡ Phil, junior, hasn't, so he hasn't my experience to guide bim. I supposed he would bo entirely safe when I let him go down to Old Point with the Merrys; quiet folks, quiet place-and during Lent, too. I might have known, better, though, if I'd thought carefully. Big hotel-big military post within ten minutes' walk-a score or two of young officers. I might have known that any number of romantic girls would tease their parents to tako them down there-of course, to mitigate the rigours of a northern spring as well as of Lent 1" Trewitt wrinkled his brow for a moment or two, and then smoothed as he continued -. I " After all, the boy won't be likely to got any- thing but a heartache. He certainly won't get the I girl. No youngster who is a civilian stands a ghost 1 of a show bosido a lot of uniforms. A. single brass button or a bit of military braid will outweigh the finest wardrobe that a young man can display him- self in. On the other hand, I don't want my boy to get a heartache-it's a complaint that gave me a great deal of suffering when I was of Phil's age, and it might have done me a great deal of harm if I hadn't suddenly found myself in love with another woman-after the manner of the youthful Romeo in the part of the play that is never put upon the stage. Pshaw ! I'm making a fool of myself, I suppose ; still, when a man has only one son, and is wrapped up in the dear scamp-. Sut let me see mee more what he says," He took the letter froji his peckefc and looked through it, occasionally readiag expressions aloud : " finest woman I ever met"-" sure you would like hor"-"noble face" - "seems to understand me perfectly"-" her mother is a charming old lady" -" I write you so fully because I've always promised you that I would never think myself in love with- out telling you"-" feel as if I ought to secure her before some other man has sense enough to see her incomparable worth." Then Trewitt dropped the letter, rose abruptly from bis obair, and exclaimed : ! " I shall have to hurry down there and look after Master Phil, if I don't want him to make a fool of himself. I don't wonder that any woman should like him, bless him, for he's more manly than most fellows ten years older, and he has all his mother's BweetncBB besides. But I intend to know something about any woman who enohants kim. I can't well spare the time, but I can't at all spare tho boy." Trawitt took an evening train, and waa aroused next worming by the morning gun saluting the colours that broke from the flagstaff at Fort Monroe. A few minutes later he was enjoying an early breakfast, having first learnod at tho hotel office that his son did not como down until a lato hour. Within an hour he had met several old acquaint- ances, as city men are sure to do whorevor they go. When, finally, Master Phil lounged down, and sauntored to tho door for a " boutonnière," ho was astonished to see his own father in the centre of a group of ladies and gentlemen. An old-fashioned greeting followed, but the young man quickly made an excuse to drag his father out to tho beach, and no sooner were (¡ney well apart from everyone else than ho oxolaimod : " Father I Isn't sho simply porfoot ?" " Sho P" eohood the fattier j " whom do you mean ?" "Moan? Why, the only yonng woman In the party you were with. Who introduced you ?" Trewitt stopped abruptly and asked : " Whom aro you talking of, Phil f " " Of Marian, of courso-Miss Raybrlgbt, I mean. You were talking with hor when I first reoognisod you, and It made mo very happy j you werolooking so appreciative, Did you over seo a finor faoe, handaomor oyos, such a glorious hoad of hairp Oh, father, she's something angolie-divine I" Trewitt's hoad foil as he roBumod tho walk, and asked, " Is that tho young woman of whom you wrotn mo P" " To ho «uro she is j whom else could I mean P What's the matter, fathor ? Do you think-" Phil did not soom to know how to conclude lils quoBtlùn, BO there waa silunoo for a inoniont, " Sho is, indeed, a glorous woman, my boy i I am glad that you liavo the discernment to admiro hor. Hut-why, you silly follow, sho's old onough to bo your motfior," " Oh, PftUior," ropliod tho youth, in a tono rrtHfimblliig a groan. " I suppose sho is a littlu older than I, but you know I novor did admit o vmy young girls, (she's not numil oidor, though. Why, ovniy young follow hero is hoad ovor oars In lovii with hw, though »ho glvo» none of thom any oneoiiriigmuoiit, As to tho oflli'ors at tho fort, tlmy Hliuply foil» hollow equino around hor wliomivur «lui appiiarsi sud thoy ought to ho good ludgits of girls-thoy;soo hundreds and thousands nvory seimon, TJihy desert all tho others for Marian, though, H\\\a Is so sensible, so sympathetic, so radiant," ,' " Oh, l>h(i I Phil1" "J'was now tho fathor's turn to groan. V Bim appears worth a hundred young girls j hut, { really, my boy, you mustn't allow yourcolf to think of her IIB anything moro than a friend, I should ho glad for you to Uko oaoh other always i a wf man liku that is tho host Mond thut any young man could ponsibly havo i but It you worn to talk jovo to hor, you would only offend nor, and insko yoimolf vary unhappy." " Merely bicauao she Is two or throo years older than IP" sall tho young man, with an unbecoming pout, e " Because sSp is many yoara you senior," sold tho father. " Tli<|vory qualities whioh attract you aro I the resulta of the thought and experience of years -more years than you Beera able to imagine " "There's no sign of ago about her face or figure," Phil declared "You are right to that extent, and I hope aho will keep her fresh and cheerful look for many years to como ¡ but, my dear boy, you inU6t admit that my knowledge of such mattera is larger than yours' Phil seemed inclined to doubt this statement Ho put on a sullen face and kicked savag°ly nt every pebble large enough to attract his attention llis father continued - " Don't, I beg, make a fool of yourself, merely because a mature woman has the discernment and kindliness to be pleasant to you All women who amount to anything are fond o! very young men who aro decent, mannerly, and clover " " But, father," pleaded Phil, ' she seems specially fond of rae As I've told yon, all the other f Hows -including the handsome bachelor o&euB; at tho Fort- aro wild about her j but elie «vill excuse her self to any of them for the Bake of stiolhng or Bail mg with me ' " Can it be possible ? ' murmured the father, looking as earnestly at the sands as if he were searehing tbem for a reaBon for this preference ' Indeed it l8 I never talk any nonsense to hci, but sbo takes on interest m whotever intorests me Why, aho has drawn me out about all I hav studied at school, what pictures I have seen the music I hove heard, and the books I \e read Of course, I've talked a great deal about you dear old man Other girls never Beem to care to hear any ? thing about a fellow's 'ather, but abe listens patiently Isn't this a sign that 9he cares a great | deal for me ? If not, what does it mean ? ' " It means, I suppose, ' said Irewitt, after ponde-ing a moment 'merely that she isn t a flighty young thing My dear boy, what you have told mo Bhould have shown you, if you had any judgment regarding human nature that she is a mature woman, instead of a maiden young °nough for you to think of falling in love with It doesn't mean, in the least, that she is likely to fall in love with you You should study woman's nature a long time, my boy, if you don t wi6h to be terribly disappointed by mistaking one sentiment for another You should bavo very good reasons before you imagine a woman can love yon You must give me better reasons than any I've yet heard before I can imagine that MIBB Raybnght can think of you as anything more than an ! intersBtmg boy You most analyse your own feelings, too, don't imagine because I married at twenty one and waa happy as long as your dear mother lived, that Heaven will be equally merciful to you m your ignorance Besides, I had gone through a heart break before I finally succeeded 'Twas entirely my own fault, the girl was not m the least to blame, but it set me to thinl mg seriously about love and making myself less sei fleh and moro manly Of course, you admire Miss Ray bright very much, as everyone does, so you tell me, but love-the real article-muBt be a p'ant of slow growth if there's to be any health and strength to it A« to the possibility of Miss Raybnght loving you, there isn t any The idea is simply pre poBterona " Is it?" said Phil, defiantly, and turning flash mg eyes upon his father Suddenly, though, he turned his face towards tho water, and said, very softly and hesitatingly 'You said you wanted better reasons than any I gave you Well, she she has squeezed my hand-very tenderly-two or three times, while I was saying good night What do you say to that ?" Again Trewitt was slow in answering, but at last he said " A good woman's interest in a good boy-nothing more, Phil ¡ I'd stake my life on it " " Boy '" ejaculated Phil, so vigorously, that two or three youngsters who were playing m the sand dropped their shovels, and looked up to see who waa addressing them The father gently replied " YeB, ' boy '-to her You're the manliest fellow of your age that I ever knew, and to some girls you'd appear as old as the hills, but not to her Time has given her too much advantage over you " "Father, you are real cruel and nngallant to keep harping on Marian's age One would think to hear you talk, that years were diegraceful in women ' " On tho contrary I've always found that the older a good woman grows, the sweeter she becomes But in this case, really, my boy, you must take my word instead of your ern impressions Suppose that I were to prove to you, by some of her family friends who are here, that she is-say, 15 years older than you ?" "Well," was the dogged reply "We Trewitts are a very long-lived race, you know, BO probably I should outlive her You've always boasted that your father waa younger at 80 than most men at 50" " You're a persistent scamp," the 'ather replied "Let's drop the subject for the present (Jo on admiring MIBB Raybnght-admire her with all your might i it will do you a great deal of good Teach yourself, though, to respeot her too much to lessen her respect for you by talking love I shouldn't like my son to IOBB the friendship of a woman like that I'm not afraid in the least of her falling in love with you j to prove it, I'll take you, her and her mother out driving or Railing every day I can remain herei I'll throw you together all I can You needn't be ashamed to talk and act as you feel before me " Trewitt returned to the hotel, and rejoined some of his acquaintances, new and old, while Phil, Jun , continued to pace the beach, inflicting upon the delicioma and unoffending air of early April a coun tenance clouded with gloom and cigarette smoko Never before had he found his father unreasonable, of course, his father was unreasonable, for wasn't Marian BO handsome that all the pretty women at the hotel adored her, as they wouldn't wore she so much older than they P Fifteen years his semor? Ridioulous! But even if she were, was not beauty eternal, when it was full of soul ? He strode to and fro, apparently wanting no company but hie own thoughts Finally, ho ontored the Tort, by way of the water battery, for he had heard that there was a cannon there-gun forty-which had a romantic history It was o legend of Old Point that if a fellow asked a lady to walk with him to gun forty it was equivalent to a proposal Ho reached tho gun, loaned gloomily against the carnage, and wondered why B» many men (some of them worthless, probably) bad been made happy, while ho was compelled to endure all the discomforts of a wet blanket thrown upon lila heart-and by his own father, too I Years hence, when ho would be approaching forty five, ho would remember this day and be more sympathetic, should a son of his be in the condition in which ho, Phil, i now found himself Tho approach of other visitors roused him from his reverie. Ho strollod into aud through the Fort, along the eouth walk of the parade, where, to his astonishment and somewhat to lils indigna- tion, ho onconutorod his father and Miss Raybright looking at some trophies of war, oliatting us merrily J as if between thom they were not making misery for a very tender heart. As if to make his indig- nation moro porvaBive, Phil, when recognised by his father, was addressed as " Dub," and ordered to join the eouplo and make himself agreeable. Miss Raybright did not Ream the JnaBt embarraBBut] hy the meeting, as Phil felt BUO ought, and whou 'Prewitt, who had a little knowlodgo about alinoot everything in nature, broke the tip of a twig from ona of tho old live oaks on the parado, and showed Miss Raybright, from tho conformation of th«> leavoB how Fort Monroe was the northern limit of that speufas of tim geniiB niioruiiB lind the lady I ¡stimuli with an expression or great interest as she slowly broke loaf after leaf from the «tem, it seemed to Pilli that 'twas u heart boiler than a heart of oak that was hefng cast under foot. All day long the youth lounged about diseoneo. lately, for liu did not get a moment alone with lil« charmer. Ills father monopolised the girl, «yon Bitting at dinner with her and lim' mother, tho ladies Inviting an army oflionr, instead of Phil, to take tim remaining oliuirut Mio |i»h|u, What wo« his father up to Y Hiitwnen Philip, junior, and Phillp, senior, there had always binni entire con- fidence, HH frequently exist« IWwonn widowed father« and only sons i yet the young man wa« ex- cited unoiigli to be miHpiciouH, Ills father had Hi" reputation, In business circle«, of being a mun «f great tuet j purliapB ho was milking tho mont of hin opnorttinitinB to spoil his son's chances of saying things which would lesson the regard in which Pilli w/tH mire Marian held him, It is iinnix'oasary to Bay how far suspicion may go, oven in tim lient nu tu re», when it geln » fair start. There waa to bo ft hop at tim hotel chut evening. Phil know that MÍUH llaybright did not dance, or oven cow much for looking at a «lonco, jjveryono olne would be there j the beach would be deserted, the air was still and warm t the starlight ' would be bright enough to show the way, yet dim enough to bidomnyono from curions eyes. Ho would write her, doclare his love, and beg her to write him an Immediate answer to his room, and after- wards meet him on the piazza, an i stroll with him on the beach-if the answer WHB favourable. He started quickly to act upon this inspiration, but never before had his pen seemed so dull. Ile wroto note after note, destroying each before ho began another, for, man though ho believed him- self, and fluent of speech though ho usually was, his wordB did not Boora adequate to their duty. He tried to tell himself-and her-that his tongue would be more able than his pen, bat this did not make his successive notes seem more fit to be read by Marian Raybright. He had noted how quickly her cyo detected any awkwardness or other fault ia book or story, and that she seemed really pained by lame or halting sentences ; yet now, in spite of an education on which expense and effort had not been spared, he seemed unable to write with either dis- tinctness or good grammar. Ho had heard her make pitiless fun of some proposals read aloud from novels, yet any of these were in better form than such as ho was composing and destroying. I Meanwhile, the evening was disappearing ; Boon it would bo too late to expect the responso he hoped | for. Desperately the young man scrawled half a i dozen lines, sealed them, hurried below, " tipped" 1 a waiter to take the note at once to Miss Ray bright's room, and followed the sable Mercury part of the way to see that there should be no mistake. Then he strolled out of the office, met his father, and pretended not to recogniBO him ; but Trewitt stopped him saying, " What's the matter, my boy ?" " Nothing," said Phil, averting his eyes. " Bo honeBt with your father, my son," Trewitt replied, almost in a whisper, yet very earnestly. " Something unusual is on your mind." Phil remained silent, and was also sullen. " Be honeBt," repeated his father ; " bo manly tpo. * Don't go back on your blood-and your fathor. I never went back on you." Then remorse seized tho youth ; he dragged his father to hie room and made a full confession. He wished afterwards that ho had not, for never be- fore had he seen his father look so unhappy, so he said : " I'll never forgive myself, father, for suspecting you of being unfair to me." "I'm nob thinking of myself, my son," said Trewitt, very gravely. " But the girl-what can she think-of both of us ? Of course she will de- cline ; then I shall have to explain to her, or her mother, that I tried to dissuade yon ; afterwards you and I will have to depart in haste, to avoid unpleasant reminders. Your departure will make a break in the party that waB kind enough to invite you, and-" " It seems, awful, father," groaned the son, from the depths of penitence; "but suppose she shouldn't decline ?" Trewitt shook his head gloomily, and replied: " That's past hoping for. She can't be a fool." The two men sat Uko criminals awaiting the death sentence-sat half an hour in silence, each absorbed in his own thoughts. A knock at the door broke the spell, and brought both to their feet. " Come in," said the youth, though he had to force his voice to make it audible. i " Come in !" the father roared savagely. '* Lettah, sab," said the waiter. Phil snatched it, looked at the address, hurried , under the gaslight, and handled the envelope with trembling fingers. His father followed him, look- J ing pityingly at him, and finally said, I " Courage, dear boy ! You meant well. You'll always have the honour of having admired her with your whola heart." Then he turned away and wiped his eyes. Boys will be boys ; he had been one himself ; but why should Time be remorseless enough to wreak such cruel revengo P The sins of the parents might descend to the children, but why mere blunders? What should he do to allay as quickly as possible the pain of the blow ? A dozen plans hurried into his mind, and ho resolved to try them all, if necessary. He would even give up business for a year at no matter whatever loss to himsslf, so as to be hie own son's constant companion. Fortunately, the boy never had outgrown childhood's fonnees for his father's society. The father had always tried to keep himself young for his child's sake. Now he would go back to rowing or sailing ; he would learn bicycling, and he wonld go to all the ball games, though there was nothing more tiresome to him than sitting on a bench as a spectator while other men did the playing. And how earnestly ho would pray to Heaven to bo as merciful to the son as it had been to the father-to let the proper girl cross the boy's path and make him happy ! Meanwhile, he turned his hoad and studied the j boy's face. Why, there was good Btuff in Phil, junior ; be was taking his disappointment bravely. Still, there were women who could say " no," BO gracefully and tenderly as to take the sting from the word. He could easily imagine Marian Ray bright such an one. If *' Accepted !" shouted Phil, Trewitt's face became iron, and his eyes flashed as he hissed between his set teeth. "What?" " Accepted!" the youth repeated. To Phil junior's astonishment Phil senior dropped into a chair, and looked the picture of perplexed imbeci- lity. Phil was really sorry for his father, yet so full of joy that ho could not help displaying tho air of superiority which any young American feels towards his ancestors to any number of gener- ations back. Still, he wonld be generous- yes, he would not exalt ; he would merely impress gently upon his father a fact of which all middle-aged parents seemed oblivious, so he said : " Father, perhaps I don't seem so young to her as to you. You tell me sometimes that, although I have twenty-one years, and six feet of stature, and a moustache, that I'm still your little boy. She has seen me only as a man, and-" "Phil," interrupted his father, regaining pos- session of himself, and rising from his chair, " are you sure she accepts you P" " Sure P" Phil echoed, the instant the word dropped from his father's lips. " Why, listen to this-where is it ! Oh, ' Heart and soul I am yours ; I have never loved anyone else.' Isn't that plain English P As to her ago, about which you said some things which I still think very unfair, she says, dear girl, ' My life hos gone backward rapidly, year by year, within a few months.' Father, you said this morning that I had known her but a short time, but you ought to remember that timo is eternity to lovers, She knowB it, for she writes, ' You have been in my heart so long.' What an In- tense, poetio nature sho has. There are some passage's hero which I can hardly understand, well as I know her. It would seem as if she had lovod mo years instead of dayB," Trewitt turned pale, and then red. Suddenly ho asloniBhed hlsson by snatching a newspaper from a table and fanning himoelf vigorously. " Father !" exclaimed young Phil with some show of indignation, " do you think all this extra- ordinary démonstration is oalled for P You con- tinue to act as if it was the most wonderful, inex- plicable thing in the world that Marian had accepted me. Won't you please Btop P I know you don't mean any offeneo by it, but really it makes me fool as if you were unablo to rpaÜBo that I am a man. I am wi'ling to always remain a boy to you, In almost everything i but I do think you might ro cognise me as a man, on this day of all days, I don't like the idea that anyone, oven Marian, car> nee any moro in mo than yon aoom to seo | yet febe's accepted nie, and you don't Beotn to lind anything In your »on that could have justified her choice. I Hhould think har own words fa this letter would explained all to you j hut-." The father, who bad been pacing the floor, with wrinkled brow and clasped banda, stopped abruptly and interrupted his BOU by Baying r " UXCIIBO «io, Phil. I've not meant to under- rate you, nor havo I don«» HO, Try to bear with «io a .iioiiient longer, and trust me-trimt mo to read her answer ?" Tim young man yielded the letter, The father read It slowly to the end, and then linked i " liow did you Blgn your-proposal ?" " Phil 'Prewitt j-the only name she know» mo by," " Didn't yon aid 'junior' lo your signature?" " No, I think not \ Indeed, I know I didn't. It lowka awkward amoug friends who know us apart. Hut why do you auk ?" 'Prewitt'« fine took on an impression which hla sun had never seen Ixjforu, IIB his father replied i " Uacause, my poor boy, MÍBS Ray bright has ac- eptad mo-Phillp Trewitt, renlor,- instead of you." " What !" gasped the young man. " Listen, Phil," said Trewitt rapidly. " I modo love to her before yon were born, when sho waa littlo moro than fifteen, and I waa younger than you aro now. I'vo not met her for moro «baa twenty years, until to-day. I've talked to her only as an acquaintance in the lost few hours, but un- doubtedly she thinks your letter waa from mc. I had hoped that I might not have to explain to you what happened so long ago ; I did not imagine Heavens, my boy, how you aro hurt !" Young Phil was indeed the picture of misery. The proud glow of his face had faded into ashy pallor as his father mi>dc clear to him the puzzling parts of Miss Raybright's letter. He snatched tho fateful bit of paper fiercely from his father's hands and read it onco moro, his faco changing with tho sentences. He tried to make it his own-to forget; his father's explanation-and believe that Marian . had not been mistaken as to the writer of tho letter. , j| Suddenly ho thought bo saw a gleam of hope, so hal asked : " Do you really imagino she could mistake my penmanship for yours P There's not the slightest resemblance between them." " She's not seen mine for moro than twenty years, my dear boy. Besides, in thoso days I fancy that I wroto about as you now do ; business hurry hadn't yet takon the flourishes from my pen." Then the father wont over the letter aloud, explaining with much the manner of a penitent offander, some of the passages which had mystified young Phil, who finally stopped him by saying, with the most manly look his father had ever seen in his face : " You're right ¡ there can bo no doubt of it." His father looked at him sorrowfully, tenderly, but the boy continued, rapidly ; " Never mind me ; you shall seo now how much of a man I am ! Do think of Marian, though, poor girl ! She must never know of this awful mis- take." " Not though the world falls I" exclaimed the father, with much emphasis. The young man became a boy again, and did some wild thinking for a moment or two, mur- muring : "I see it all. No wonder shs Bhowed special interest in me-'twas because I was your son. Well, I'm right about her in one way-she'a the most sensible and loyal woman alive. But she shouldn't Buffer because I've made a fool of myself." " Sho shan't, my boy, if you'll-" " " I'll do anything in the world to save her from humiliation. I'll go down and explain-hut no, I won't, either, for that would make the matter worse. Oh, what a fool I've been :" " There's but one way to apare her feelings, dear boy ; and that would make great unhappinesB for you" "No, it wouldn't, no matter what it may he. What is it ? Tell me, quick." " Can't you imagine ? She has accepted a pro- posal, through no fault of her own. It's a family matter, and she can't be saved unless your father sees her through." " And I have put you in this position j I-your own, your only son !" " Don't worry about that, my son," said Trewitt, with a voice which seemed to be troubling him greatly. " Any mau should be willing to go through anything to spare suoh a woman the least annoyance on so a delicate a subject. I alone am to blame ; I ought to pay the penalty. But what nonsense am I talking! Any man should feel himself specially honoured to be accepted by Marian Raybcight. As for you, you are at least tx> be congratulated upon your Bkillin letter- writing." " Heavens !" exclaimed Phil, suddenly. " I asked her to meet me for a walk on the beach, should her answer be favourable." " Meet you ? Where ?" asked Trewitt, his voice trembling. " At what particular place ?" " Hurry down to the piazza, father," said Phil, springing from his chair. " Sli6 may be waiting. Straighten your face ; your scarf is awry ; let me fir it. So aro you to sacrifice yourself for me." " You are the only sacrifice my poor boy I If it weren't for you I should be the happiOBt man alive." " Should you, though ?" said the boy, with abrave smile. "Thon I'll be happy too. But hurry, hurry !" pushing his father from the room. " She may be waiting. To tell the truth, the only thing about her manner I haven't liked was that her friendliness and tenderness always seemed a little bit motherly. Hurry, father 1 To think she may , be waiting now-after waiting more than twenty ( years. She richly deserves all she is to get Goa bless you, father!" Young Phil waa not long in learning that he had been only admired not loved. Besides, there ia no- body like a handsome stepmother to laugh nonsense out of a young man, and to find a pretty girl whom she can love as a daughter. [TKH KND.] 