Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the 'following interesting items : — When the Duke and Duchess of York visited York they were presented with a golden lov.ng-cup. Oa their arrival at York House, St. James's, a deputa tion, headed by the Lord Mayor, presented the Mansion House wedding gifts, consisting of a silver dinner service and a diamond necklet. The Duke of Connaught, who was entertained at a banquet before leaving Portsmouth, has taken up the command at Aldersliot. Duke Alfred has come into £15,000, which was dis covered in one of the castles of his predecessor, the late Duke of Coburg. The eight-year- old King of Spain is no longer re garded as a child. In future he is to occupy his own apartments in the palaces, and will have a household of his own. The King of Old Calabar, a coloured youth, has arrived in England to get a little schooling. Mr. Gladstone his offered a baronetcy to Dr. Cum ming, a Belfast medical man and professor in Queen's College. Sir Edward Watkiu has now purchased the whole of Suowdou. He formerly owned a considerable port on of the mountain. After all, the Royal buckhouuds are to hunt tame stag3 for another season. The Humanitarian League have drafted a bill which is likely t ; come before Par liament. It proposes to include not only any stag and fox, but every rabbit, hare, aud otter in the c ite^ory of domestic animals protected by law, provided such animals have been captured aud kept iu confine ment. A statue of General Gordon has been unveiled at Graveseud, where tie resided for six years. It is of terra-cotta, the General being represented as holding in liis hand the cane which the Chinese soldiers called his ' wand of victory.' The Colchester oyster feast was attended by 400 guests, including the Duke of Cambridge and the Lord Mayor of London. Nearly 12,01)0 oysters were consumed. The Dairy Show at the Agricultural Hall, Isling ton, was a success in point of ttie quality aud quantity of cattle. A champion prize for Jersey cattle was awarded to a lady at Great Missenden, BuckB. There was a good show of goats. Butter- making competi tions were a feature of the show. Tlie Shaftesbury Memorial drinking- fouutain at Pic jadilly-circus, designed by Mr. Gilbert, R.A., has bee a severely criticised from an artistic point of view, and the Couuty Council have decided to effect some improvements. Tho water supply was inadequate, and was said to be impure. Pneumatic hubs to the wheels of bicycles are likely to take the place of pneumatic tyres. A Cheltenham lady has presented to the Church Sunday-school Institute a pair of spectacles which belonged to Robert Raikes. A memorial of Father Damien, erected by the Leprosy Fund raised in this country, has been un veiled on tbe island of Molokai, the scene of his labours. The Austrian Archduke Ferdinand lias been shooting in India, his ' bag ' including 5elephants, . I buffalo, 43 bucks, 30 wild boar, 20 tigers, and 17 jackals. An engineer proposes to light Constantinople elec trically by means of power derived from the motion of the sea. A boy aged 14 has just been landed at Hull, who was the only living person found at sea on a sinking smack. The vessel had been in collision, and the lad was injured. On recovering consciousness he found himself alone, and the vessel sinking. For two days he worked at the pumps, and was at length picked up by a passing vessel. A hundred tombs have been laid bare in the isle of Salamis, which date back hundreds of years before Christ, the city on which they stood being referred to by Homer. A steam whaler passed last winter in the Polar ice, and, aided by an open sea, worked her way this summer in pursuit of whales to within 6* (414 iniles) of the Pole, the most northerly point man has yet reached. Had he been provided' with dogs and a sledge the captain would have made an effort to reach the Pole. No fewer than three expeditiors are ou their way to the Pole. Lieutenant Pe iry is a c compauied by his wife, and Bhe will re nam at a lonely camp in Greenland, accompanied by her in&id;, while the party make their explorations. Carrie pigeons will, it is expected, convey messages to her. from the party. A large field of Hunuish graves has been discovered iu Hungary. Among the better clasj horses were buried with their owners. The skeletons were adorned with massive gold earrings aud other trin kets. Safety-pins were worn, and in one grave there was a silver pencil- case. Implements of war were buried with the men, and Roman coins of the fourth century were in the hands of each skeleton. Monday, October 9, was 'Oiiicago Day at the World's Fair, and 750,003 persons entered the gates. Several lives were lost in the crash, aud 250 injured people had to he taken to the hospital. A Watford gentlem in completed his 100th year on Tuesday, October 9. An inmate of Weston-greea almshouses has just celebrated her centenary, five generations of relatives being present to do her honour. A widow at Chichester has been keeping her 102ni birthday. A man who served in the Peninsular war has j u 't^ die! at Brewood, agel 101. Tae servants aud visitors at Hampton Court Paliie stdl insist that ' ghosts ' of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Hieury VIlI.'s wives, haunt the rooms. A night watchman in the grounds is said to have been so alarmed at the sight ot an apparition that he has resigned his post. The Croydon magistrates have granted an affiliation suaimons against Rev. Thomas Closs, chaplain oi the Metropolitan Asylum for Imbeciles, Caterham, at the instance of Alice Sarah Hockley, formerly a servant in the institution. This is the case in which the Goditoue Bench refused a summons on the ground tli it there was no corroborative evidence, although the rev. gentleman wat anxious that it should issi°e, so that he might defend his reputation. ' Is a iniu old at 5'J ?' has been the subject of a newspaper correspondence. One man, aged 51, de clared his readiness to run, swim, or box the average man of 25. Another inlr.s 63rd year can run for miles, and recently rode GO miles in one day on a tricycle. A party of gentlemen visited the village of Boulge, Suffolk, aud planted rose- trees at the grave of Ed ward Fitzgerald, post and translator of the works of Oaiir Khayyam, a Persian chronicler of the 11th century. Seeds for the trees were picked from bushes growing near the tomb of Khayvam iu Persia. The Duke of Sutherland is being urged by the County Council to reopen the goldnelds on his Scotch Estate iu order to give remunerative employment. The goldfields have been closed for years, but it is thought they would- prove productive if the latest machinery were used. Oa the Highlani railway the other day two earls, a couutess, two Cabinet Ministers, and an admiral, with their respective families, were third-class passengers in one train. The le iding tradesmen of Southampton have passed a res jlution recording their opinion that Christmas boxes should be abolished. At a bicycle race near London the winner kept up a speed of 20 miles for 12 consecutive hours. An international yacht race at New York for the America cup created considerable excitement. Lord Duuraven's yacht, Valkyrie, which crossed the Atlantic iu the hope of bringing home the trophy, was however, beaten by the Vigilaut, an American yacht. The Earl's Court Forestry Exhibition and the World's Water Show closed on Saturday, October 7. The refreshment contractor was fined £20 for selling glasses of milk adulterated with water. A lady swimmer sued her employers at the Water Show for £30 for wrongful dismissal, and recovered that amount. For the defence, it was alleged that tlie plaintiff was incompetent. A Newark lady who fell and broke her leg while dancing has commenced au action against her part ner, to whose alleged c'umsineis she attributes the accident. The po'.ice in Aberdeen have brought a charge of cruelty against two Jews on the ground that recently, at the opening of a Jewish synagogue, they slaugh tered a bullock ' after the Hebrew fashion.' Dropsy is said to have been unintentionally cured by an infus:on of toad in wine. Toads dried and reduced to powders were, it seems, regarded by the ancients as a cure for this and other maladies. A West-end medical mau performed an operation upon a son of Lord Aimesley, who suffered frum stammering. A fee of £30 was charged, the time occupied in the operation be ng three minutes. Lord Annesley paid £12, and was sued for the remainder. The defence was tbat the operation was unsuccessful, but the medical man recovered the full amount. A lady res sted a charge of £6 for extracting a wisdom tooth and supplying a false one, and a new plate, but the dentist recovered the amount in the Westminster County Court. 