WAS IT A QHOST THBY SAWP MRS, H. II. JSHRIKOB lives at Mo. 811 Maln»street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her, The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early In Deoember (1601) the two woman looked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tbe house. They left the gas burning, however, In the front parlour. M about half.paet eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a seoond. Bight in the middle ot the room etood a dark man ot glgantio stature. The upper part ot hie face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. Sis slilrt-sleeves were rolled up, and In one hand he carried a long, old«fa«Wonad pistol. The women fled eoreamtng from the room, and when Mr. Jennings oame in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour, and all the doors and windows aoourely looked. What was it the women aaw ? " Baring a reeent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, " I had slept adly tor several successive nights. On the ourth ot these nights, about two o'clock, I ai suddenly aroased from a doae by what tmtd Hkt Iht calling qf my name; and at he toot of the bed stood the image ot my other just as she looked five years before, s she was leaving homo to so on a journey, n whioh journey she was klllod in a railway isaster. I soroamed and fainted. I was oolish enough to tell ot it, and the looal old omen gossips aaid it was a aummona and 1 B ould never get well. Yet I did, and am in erfeot health now. I believo that vision ame ot my weak nerves, for I've never seen b t eince, and it'a more than three years ago ow." a No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's w o end to the trioks the nerves will play on i you when your system is out of condition. In March. IfltH), It wai that Mri, Jane Foster, of Darraoott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows I wai to dreadfolly tt«n>ou«. I oould not bear anyone In the room with me, yet I did not wieh them far away in oaie I should oall out for help. This was in June, 1880, I slept very badly, and In the morning felt little the batter for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was siok most ot the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt oold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The dootor aaid he didn't know what my oomplaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and oould not retain even that on my atomaoh. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone, ilfv memory oompletoly failed, My head aohad so dreadfully I thought I should loso my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, whan one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, oalled ana askod what I was taking. She told me she was herself onoe Juit as badly off, and was oured by Mother Seigel'a Ourativo Syrup. As she seemed to have so muob faith In this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wee able to walk across the room, and by the end ot the week I went downatairs. Now I am as well as ever. I oan eat and digest my food, and all mv nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervouB prostration, The original cause was grief and shook at the violent death of her husband, 'y aooident, and tho system rallied only wen the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the ridgeport ghost, it remains Vue that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a sot of nerves all upset y indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts aome from tho inside ot the person who sees them, nd when Mother Seigel'a Syrup doos its ork the eyes and ears entertain only what s natural and wholeaome.—[A»vu.] 