A QUESTION OF CONTINUITY. The following letter, aud the appen ded editorial remarks, appeared in the " West Australian" of Thursday last . To the i Editor, Sir,— Like the Very Rev J Dean Goldsmith— though I occupy a widely different standpoint' — I find something to feel aggrieved at in your thoughtful and suggestive leading article of Satur day last, aud, like him, I hope, to be allowed to deliver my soul upon the matter. When you say that the Established Church of England "has lasted nigh a thousand years," you make a statement which no Catholic will assent to, and which it seems scarcely possible that any educated Anglican will seriously maintain. The venerable age you ascribe to the Church of England could be her 's only by vir tue of her identity with the Church founded by the " papal missionary," St. Augustine; but such identity she disavows in a pronouncement which all must admit to be authoritative. It is stased.in the second book of Homilies, that " laity and clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women, and children, of whole Christendom (au horrible and most dreadful thing to think), have been at once drowned in abominable idolatry, of all other vices most detested of God, and most damnable to man, and that by the space of eight hundred years and more." The plain meaning of this is that the faith established by Jesus Christ had actually everywhere failed, and had been restored again by the Reformers. The men, therefore, who in the middle of .the. :sixteenth century laid, the foundations of the " Church of England, as by. law estab lished," emphatically rejected the idea that it was a continuation of any pre viously existing Church. I might cite many Protestant authorities to show that the English State Church, instead' of a thousand, -can. barely count three hundred years of existence, but I will content myself with quoting two of the most learned and painstaking of present day Anglican historians. Speaking of the state of things obtain- !«« when Edward VI. came to the throne, the Rev. F . G. .Lee, D.D., says : "In fact the Catholic Church in Eng land, by revolutionary legislation, had been rudely overturned and abolished." The following noble passage is from Child's Church and State under the Tudors : — " The history of the Church in Encrlahd was continuous from, the mission of Augustine—or, if we prefer it, from the Synod of Whitby— to the time when Henry VIII., upon a dis agreement with the Pope about his divorce, cast off his allegiance to the Papacy. From that . time to the present, with the short interval between the reconciliation under Mary, and Elizabeth's first Parliament, it has been severed from .and excommunicated by' the great body of the Catholic Church and as the latter was before precisely that which it has continued since,' it is clear that the former must have been something not the same ; and it is not the mere retention of a few names and titles, used in a kind of ' second inteufcion,' and a few more pr less maimed 'and amputated rites, which will ever make persons intelligently instructed believe that an establishment, which obviously is the mere creation of a single State, is the legitimate and adequate- representative of' that imposing and .magnificent Western Church, which is! older than any existing State iu Europe, and grander than anything that the world has pver seen, and which has been picturesquely described by ah old writer as ' the ghost of the old Roman Empire sitting robed .and crowned upon the grave thereof.'" And' now, permit' me 'to "say that 1 write without any desire drawing IDniMMIMUUiUMCaBUHBMafaHlCWlWUWWinilHMialBUHHHBa you into a controversy. It would be obviously unfair and. absurd to expect the busy editor of a daily paper to defend every line he has written. My remarks are all in the interests of historical accuracy, and this, I am sure, is an' object as dear to you us to any other. . ' - W. B. KELLY. Perth, March 14. . Father. Kelly is to be congratulated on the temperate and courteous tone of his letter, worthy of' imitation : in. all contro versial productions, though; whether his arguments will be generally assented to, is perhaps open to doubt. We fear, how ever, that most of his shots have passed over-head. The editor of a secular journal knows nothing of doctrines or rites, or Spiritual" successions. Hence, oven in alluding to the quenching of the candle stick of English Christianity, to which Dean Goldsmith took such strong. excep tion, we were. careful to use the words of one of the members of the High Church party, the party, we believe, to Which the 'DeaN belongs — words used in connection with the first attack of the century on an Anglican establishment. In speaking of " an establishment which has lasted a thousand years," we could only think of it in its corporate character, and we must be permitted to retain our belief iu the identity of a corporation, some of whose ecclesiastical leases granted for 999 years fell in a few years back, and the land was then dealt with by the very corporation which leased them out a thousand years ago. The interesting extracts from the two writers quoted By Father Kelly do not effect this side of the question. — En. W. A. We notice that Father Kelly has made no reply to the West Australian's comments upon his letter, and his reason, we presume, is the very obvious one that they called for no reply . They in fact concede the whole ques tion at issue. It is clear that if the present Church of England has " lasted nigh a thousand years" it must be a continuation of the Church which existed in- England before the Reforma tion. And if one with the ancient Church, it must- be so because it has in herited all those things which con stituted the pre-Refonnation Church a Church in the strict sense of the word. Quite alive to the force of this reason ing, the editor of ihe West Australian makes a distinction. In thinking of the Church of Eugland, lie tells us, he excludes its spiritual character. That identity with the ancient Church which he claims for it is only such identity as is conferred, not by the possession of the same faith; but by the possession of the same temporal goods To use his own words, he is only ex pressing his belief " in the identity of a corporation, some of whose ecclesiastical leases granted for 999 years fell in a few years back, and the land was then dealt with by the very corpora tion which leased them out a thousand years ago." We. have all sympathy with the writer's desire to avoid thorny theological questions, but we must pro- test against his arbitrary use of the word "church." A body which is quite devoid of tlie spiritual character is no " church," though be may be quite justified in calling it a corpora tion. If he will not maintain that the established Church of England derives by spiritual successiou from the pre- Reformation Church, then he is not free to maintain that it has lasted nigh a thousand years. She must either be the same in faith aud practice with the ancient Church, or, else, an entirely different body ; and if a different body she cannot, manifestly, lay claim to more than three hundred years of existence, N'pr does it strengthen her position to regatcl her merely as a "corporation." The courteous editor of the . West Australian will pardon us if we say that,' in this 'connection, no weight can be given to his argument that the established Church of England- to this day holds the temporalities of the olcjnn. Church . Temporalities are not of the essentials, and their preserve or ahsenoo is pf little moment. The post Reformation Church of Englaud came into possession of thp lands and .temples belonging to the pre-Reforma- tioii Church in England in much the uaipe way that Mahoinniedanisni carpe into the possession of the laiids and temples belonging to the G rook Church u the subverted Byzantine Empire — -by I ' ' r forcibly ejecting the rightful owners and taking their places. If the fact that the Established Church holds what Avere formerly Catholic shrines aud j gle.bes. gives her the right to consider j herself identical with the ancient Eng- j lish .Church, then surely Mahommedan- I isui lias a' perfect right to point to the desecrated altars of St. Sophia in proof of its identity with ; the Greek Church. To sum up, the position of the West Australian in this discussion appears to be as follows. A. church, "it says, may be considered, firstly, qua a corporation merely ; secondly, qua a church properly so called. That the Established Church of England, in the first sense, is identi cal Avith the ancient English Church it maintains. ..Whether it is identical in the secencl sense, it declines to consider. , Our '"own position is just the reverse. Whether the I Established Church is identical Ayith the ancient church in the fiist sense, that is qua a corporation, we think needless to discuss. That it is identical in the second sense, that is qua a church properly so called, we deny. 