BUNBURY NEWS. -. THE NEW ROADS BOARD. ' (FBOK ODE COBBBSPONDbHT.) An agitation baa been on foot for a cen» eideráble tune, to get the Wellington Roade Board district divided into two, aa the Ban- bury folk maintain that the reade near the to WE are kept ia a bad state of repair, Annm eroutly signed réquisition was presented to the Minister asking bim to form a nsw Bonds Board.to comprise all the roads within à radins of, say, five miles from town. After some delay the Minister replied that he was willing to make the division, but the new board would have te take over all the reads ia the Banbury electorate. The people in and about town were willing to accept this condition, bot before it was finally decided 4¡he Minister wanted to get the members of the Wellington board's opinion on the pre posed ohange. The subject came np for die» cuesion at the last meetteg of the board, when Mr. Foster Johnson ex-chairman of the Board, mOvejl that it was desirable to have a division of tsp board. Some of the members said it - was only a few storekeepers who wanted tba 1 division, not the settlers. The motionlapsed "? for tbe want of a seconder. The people here ere determined-io have a new roads'board, and strong efforts will be made to get the Misitter for Lande to falfil his promise at an early date; PBOPOSED DXVIATION OF TER Bostmumm RAILWAY. : The Goren) ment bare finally deoided that the route of the Busselton railway shall not bo'altered. Last May a motion waa brosght forward in tbeBnnbory Progress Aesociatien '. to tbe effeot : «That it waa desirable, inthe .,. T beat interests of the colony, .that the railway. should .start from a pointa few miles from Bunbury and follow a route which was eur veyed some' years ago, and known as Bob« son's route/instead of going «ta Boyanup" An extrordiaary amount of interest was ex. . oir^d. and some of the stormiest meetingB ever belfun Bunbury took place over the proposed deviation. It was, however, finally deoided that'it would be beBt not to ask tba Govern« ¡mont to alter the route. This, so far as the association was concerned, settled the matter. Af^traniBininginabayanoafprBeveralmoaths , a few gentlemen, who were immediately in- terested in the proposed deviation, waited en the Premier a week or two ago when he was ia Bunbury. The Busselton people took alarm,and at a large and influential public meeting, selected a number of gentlemen to wait on the Premier, and print out the fatality of the proposed deviation. Same vary plain speaking was indulged in, and no doubt was left en the Premier's mind a* to ? what the Vasse people thought of the matter. Tba result is that no alteration will be nada . in the route, and a burning question which has caused no end of tronble and anxiety has been finally dUpoBed of. ¡ ? EMOTION MATTERS. Political mattera are beginning to he much talked 4>t here. The general opinion appears to be that the eleotions, especially for the ' Lower House, wUl be paitàcuiarly exciting in ..' the Southern districts. The Wellington dis- trict is eora 'to be contested, and ia all pro- bability a well-known1 local mata Will oppose : the present member. It will'be a walk-eve* for Sir ïobn Forrest for the Bunbury district,' ¡ : as ño one would have the ghost 'of a show . against him.: In the Nelson district there aré two likely candidates in addition to Sir Jsmes Lea-Steere, who intends te fight it at the polls with ali oomers. The Vasse eleö- - terato will also be contested by one who will ' aparé no efforts to secure his return. There . are' three gentlemen named as-likely oanui dates for the'South Western Province for the Legielative Conseil. They are Mr. Ï, W. . Bankett, M.L.C., Dr. Harvey, of Perth, and Mr. WY Spenoer, J.P., of Bunbury. During the next few months the work of registering Voters will, be carried eut by the various Progresiva Associations. '* Bunbury, Deoember 4th. 