Tin-: Duke oF Westminister's income is second. So is the writer's—some seconds. IN Ireland the number of lunatics has inci "IKl'tl from WISU to 21 ,lss in forty years, a pheno leual increase. The enemies of Home llule ar not surprised. KxcfciiiT from Mr. Speight's notes Mr. C. Smith—lager beer in truck loads." Mr. Smith must, have been about to entertain the press—the daily press, of course. AI.MKON SHITH has joined the unemployed, lie. spends bis lime banging about the law courts, listening to friend Speight's case, and meditating one of his own. TUN New Zealand labour member recently in Victoria announces his poor opinion of our politicians. No suicides in prominent political circles announced up to the time of going to press. STEAD, of the Kericw of Reviews, says "to be sent to prison is the bust thing that can happen to a man. Sometimes it is the best thing that can happen to the other men—when the burglar is sent, there, lor instance. I'aoKiissoit TUCKER denies Swinburne's claim to be called a poet. Swinburne, who, by-the-wav, has just celebrated his fifty-sixth birthday, would probably deuy Professor Tucker's claim to he called a critic. THE Ophir brings to Australia Edward Terry aud JE!)i)U,l)Utl in gold. This is 7Vrn/-fying news ! Farewell, depression; farewell, pain! Once more we'll happy look and hold- But; stay, our l'ears awake again — P'raps Perry will take back that gold 1 N. S. W. ATTORNF.Y-GENEUAL makes pencil memos, on his capacious shirt-cuffs. The washerwoman returned with a cull' one day, thinking the writing was some recondite instruction for her. Laborious deciphering found the words to be— " Must have kidneys and stout to-night." IT is quite refreshing to find that in these days of depression there are. still people eager to carry on a discussion in the Argus on tile purely rural topic of " Where the Pelican Builds Her Nost." The ornithological problem that perplexes most of us is—Where does the oof-bird lay its eggs ? IN Saturday's Age we read that in Paraguay, where the New Australia settlement is being formed, the women do all the work. Special delegates have been busy for some time in Tasmania inducing "strong, healthy, young unmarried women to join in the movement." Hem ! THAT is a very creditable joke the Governor is alleged to have made when he swore in Mr. Agar Wynne as Solicitor-General. Noticing Mr. Wynne's bald head, and remembering his Israelite predecessor, Lord Hopetoun said, •' Ah, the last Solicitor-General I swore in had his hat on; this one has his hair off." Hut surely Isaacs is in the latter state, too. He most decidedjy has got his hair off. Mils. BKSANT is really coming to Australia for, as she says, "the first and only trip during her stav upon earth Hit's time." Mrs. liesant believes that she will return to the earth again after death, and lhat is what makes theosnphv so unpopular. Most people think the world has had enough of Mrs. Hesant as it is. Mil. M'Ooi.i, was hurt at the insinuation of Mr. Isaacs that he was merely the nozzle through which the Premier squirted that Warracktiahenl speech, and he hastened to deny the base assertion. This was hardly dignified, and was unnecessary. Since the, steam "put out" the fiery Isaacs it. does not matter who was the hose. DKAKIN'K new book, "Temple aud Tomb in India," is really interesting, liotwithstandingthat the Argus declares that he does not say anything fresh on the subject., and that some of his observations could bu spired. A good many things could l>» "spared "—even file comments of the Jri/iis, on literary subjects. Deakin does not write as well as he speaks, but we could do with a good deal more from his pen. It is a pity he ever forsook journalism for jaw. l.\ the reports of the examiners at the recent matriculation examination, the various gentlemen point out the weaknesses of the students. Curiously enough, the grave error oF an inordinately long sentence occurs in one. of these same reports in the concluding sentence of the French examiner, referring to the improvement in style of composition caused by modern languages. This sentence occupies no less than twenty lines of the Argus. How's that for high in stylo ? Tins is perfectly delicious. A correspondent writes to the A rgus to say that when passiug the Capricorn Islands, on the ] 1 th September last, he and others saw a marine monster 70 feet long, moving through the water by means of flappers six feet long. Here comes the jamtny part of the yarn : " ifs Ueml resembled » c/i'tni/n/gite ear/: in form, and was raised at one time from 12 feet to 1 r> feet above the surface of the calm sea." Colly 1 it must have been terrible champagne that correspondent had been drinking to produce snakes like that! It wasn't Australian fizz, we'll swear. "A r ico for your able criticism," said George liiguold. lately," tu the representative, of a Sydney paper; ".what do 1 care whether you think it an intellectual treat or not H If you want to serve me say in your papei—' The mechanical arrangements were perfect, the horses were real horses, the water was real water, and the fire real fire.' Put plenty like lhat in. That's the stuff fills the treasury and keeps the ghost walking. As for your keen insight into the moaning of the play, and its apprehension by the actor, there isn't a threepenny bit. in a column of it. When you have said that I spare no expenso, and that, all »>y properties are good and sound, just close up aud look for bed." Sin OEOKUE PI mis has got another difficulty to contend with. He desires to strengthen hie position in the N.S.W. Upper House, and at the same time secure the allegiance of the labour contingent, by appointing labour M.P.'s to seats in the Legislative Council. The trouble arises out of the fact that the patriotic politicians in the interests of the " worrukin' man" want to be paid for theirservices as Legislative Councillors as well as M.L.A.'s. A vorse— When the Labour member bares his arm to save his sweating nation, No patriotic sentiment his ambition great assuages; At present, he just hangs on for the best remuneration, But when he's git more power of course lie'll strike for higher wages. MELUOUKNH is in a sanctimonious mood just now—in the way of amusements, at anv rate. V. hat with " The Vicnr of Bray " at the Princess'. Jerusalem " at the Cyclorama and The Garden Qf Jiiden, to say nothing of •• Retribution," a visitor would he inclined to think there was a Bpint of primitive innocence pervading the place. Pdvk spent the day after his i rrival at Government House in reviewing the architecture of Sydney. He walked his trap, with wife aud daughter by his side, around th-. city, and consulted a book of photographs whenever an imposing structure was reached. The result of this self- instructing method of learning all about the city was in some respects unsatisfactory, as a few of the photographs were wrongly named. The compiler of the book had labelled the Houses of Parliament, as the Infirmary, and Prince Albert's statue as Governor Bonrke's. How very pathetic are those cricket cables in Saturday's Age .—" London,Utli June, 2.,-iri p.m.— The Australians have lost four wickets for Ion runs. An adjournment has been made for lunch.'' "London, ilth June, -l-.:jr> p.m.—The Australians are all out for 1IHI runs." We would like to have been at that lunch. Before lunch 1.", runs for four wickets. After lunch 41 runs for six wickets! We won't be surprised to hear that the players fell quite as readily as the wickets. THE Mayor refuses the use of the Town Hall to the Trades Hall Job's comforters who desire to hold forth therein oil the woes of depositors whose deposits are resting in reconstructing banks. This is quite right— The Trades Hall has a wild desire With others' lnz fo interfere, And talk with frenzy and with fire On matters far nutside their sphere. For instance : to discuss these banks. Say why should they the platform mount ? The lock-up can't concern those eranks — They Ye mostly men of lio nrruvnt. THE attack made liv the Gaiety chorus girls upon the ofliee of the Otugn Wnrkm of a story we heard in New Vork a year or two ago, and which was going round among journalists there. A man i.-,iine stumbling out of a newspaper ofliee with his nose hashed and bleeding, his teeth shattered, his eyes blacked, and his cheelts looking as though they had been gnawed. A policeman met him. and asked him what was the matter. " Wall, ye see," he said, " 1 didn't like an article that appeared 'bout me in lhat paper. It kind o' offended me. So 1 went, in to see the man who wrote it. He was tliar. stranger, he was tliar." Tim resources of civilisation do not serin to be in general use in 1 lie Wimiueia district if one may judge from a story told in the local paper. An old lady who has lived there for a quarter of a century had occasion to come to MvUniuinc, and she put up at one of the collee palaces. She asked for a room, and was show n into a small apartment not very luxuriously furnished. She gazed ahout, fixed her spectacles on her nose, and then, turning to the hall porter, said—" I'll not have this room." " No, nia'.iin." said the porter, and he brought in the first box. " .Man," repeated the. ludy emphatically. " 1 will liot have this room." "No, ma'am," said the purler, and brought in the second box. The lady thought the man must he mad or st lipid, and she repealed, in lier firmest mauni'r, "MAN, 1 tell yuu I iron7 have this room," " N T o, lua'aiii,"' again stolidly responded the man. and brought in the third hox, whereupon the lady left the room indignantly; but the porter drew her back across the threshold, pulled a rope, and, to her astonishment, the lift went up ! Till! burglars of Melbourne appear to bo quite up-to-date in the way of taking advantage ot' seasons favourable to their business. As the prudent farmer makes hay whilst the sun shines, so the thoughtful burglar gets in good ell'ect.s in the way of business whilst the city is enveloped ill A dense fog. . Last lfriilay evening was particularly suitable for .storen- obbiiip, and the burglars were not slow to make the..niiist of their advantages. . These rob.beis certainly take their cue from natnru, .for whilst-tli« fog attacked men's chests the burglars attacked their safes. 