Crystals. Divorce harvesting in full swing. Among others trotted out as c»respon dents (in Melbourne) and cast for damages, was Trott, a redoubtable member of the Australian Eleven. Wonder if he had a good innings before he was bowled out. The Pope has deposed St. George and the Dragon anci made St. Peter patron saint of England. The Ulsterists regard this as another insidious blow to the Union. Football is a splendid game — for the doctors and undertakers. In three years in Great Britain the list of casualties totted up 436 — Seventy-one killed, 120 broken legs, 33 broken arms, 54 broken collar-bones, 158 other injuries. The large proportion of fractured legs , would make one think their owners broke them kicking too hard. That New Zealand is not the place it is cracked up by the raging ? democrats is palpable from latest news. 'Captain Baldwin has been arrested for setting fire to his residence.' Does this presage a return of the great old times of Sunday conflagrations when every soul was engaged in divine worship at church ? 'Mr. R. J. Booth, the temperance lec turer, has filed his schedule.' When a bright and illuminating never-touch- , it turns broker, the country must be either very poor or very immoral. ' On account of the number of men seek ing work, the labour bureaus arc ordered to give the preference to New Zealanders.' That's the kind of socialism ! Labour is one and everybody a brother — if also a New Zcalander. Talking about divorce, the great O'Brien case ended in the predicted smoke although Marding J. went viciously for respondent and co-respondent. The amiable old party never got over that shadowing. Which reminds that the same legal liuffer's decision in the Charters Towers gold mining suit may he good law. In which case the sooner it is consigned to that ultimate bottom where he wonld not like to see Mr. Lilley the better. According to this law, the precious minerals ? underground belong to anybody except the owner of the surface. Judge Murphy, if he lives, or his ghost, if he does'i't, must be gratified at his unique in memoriam. He is the first man who ever had an. infernal machine for his tombstone. Not by any means the first who owed his grave to that same. The Australians have dragged the Oxford 'Varsity match out of the fire. About time they put a win to their credit. No more suspended bank notes for Queens land—except convertible ones — converted into Treasury notes. Just possible some of the blooming, that is to say temporarily wilted, banks don't cruelly regret an excuse for being rebuilt on a sound basis. As much at least might be predicated of that institution which closed with a million of gold in its coffers and its notes proclaimed legal tender. Through the artful dodges of the N.S.W* Railway Commissioners to bag our wool, an export border duty is likely to be put on that article. Another lion in the path, or at any rate another Eddy in the stream, of federation. Even a labour paper sometimes lets the truth out. ' To anyone who understands the fickle ness and venality of the crowd, it is more nauseous to be cheered than to he hit in the mouth with a long-dead cat.' Yet the Bulletin, whieh says this, is ever lastingly attitudinising in hysterics for the ? ? notice of the fickle aad venal crowd. Ah, but it would have made a great dif ference if it had been Dibbs who was cheered and Parkes or M'llwraith slapped -, with the cat. It happened to be the other way about— - hence these truths. - ,- 