The Salvation Army Indian Mission. '¿he second meeting in connection with the Indian Mission of the Salvation Army was held in the Barracks, Elgin-street, on Wed- nesday evening, and was similar in character to the one of the preceding night. The proceedings began with a forohlight proces- sion down the principal thoroughfare, the presence of the Indian officers in the native uniform lending additional interest to the sight. The march was accompanied with the usual einging of Salvation Army songs to popular tunes, led by the band, and the Indian officers took an active part. Ad- mission to the Barracks was by silver coin, and the building was crowded. The entrance of the visitors on the gallery with the soldiers waB the Bignal for a " volley" of hand clapping. Proceedings commenced with the singing of the hymn " Sound out the proclamation," fol- lowed by prayers insterpersed with Binging and the enthusiastic ejaculations of the soldiers. This was followed by the singing of Army songs in their native langnage bj the Indians, the company being asked to join in the chorus, sometimes in the Indian words, which were repeated over and over for them, and sometimes in the English, the whole being given with a spirit and enthusiasm characteristic of the Army proceedings. Major Muea Bhai, the officer in charge of the missionaries, did not deliver any formal address, but the work of the Army in India was described by Cap- tain Sandanan, the European officer, whose speech followed the line of Musa Bhai's of the previous evening, a summary of which we have given. Lieutenant Seya, the converted larrikin native, gave an account of the wickedness of his life before coming under the influence of the Army, and his changed condition since. He seems to bave lost none of his animal spirits by the change, and is still the boisterous one of the party. The most interesting part of the proceedings was the reception into the Army of the recent addition to the family of Captain and Mrs. Neate. Major Huns worth was the officiating officer, and calling the parents of the child up dwelt upon the respon- sibilities of the parents in the training up of their child and the keeping from it everything opposed to the will of God, and asked that j strength may be given them to perform their duties, not only as parents, but as Salvation I ists. In prayer, the Major then asked God's I protection for the child as she was presented to him m faith, and that she may be kept from the world and all sin. God's blessing was invoked on the babe, the father, and the mother. Then naming the babe Linda Rose Neate, the Major received her in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost, and the audience, at the call of the Msjor, prayed God's blessing on the child, the father, and the mother. The Major, who acted as chair- man of the gathering, delivered a short address, and the prayer of Major Musa Bhai concluded the principal proceedings, or formed the prelude to the salvation meeting which followed. 