Children's Cahmm. THE ELEPHANT tiEKZBV. AS ADVX^TTTBt l- C£VU-N. [by havtd keb.} ' Are you ready for breakfast, Dick *™ ' 1 ehouM think I wa&. I'm Uke the Irieu tenant iu tbe story when be met his landlord our early. * Vousee, Pat, I'm out to try and get an appetite for my breakfast-' * Well, your honour, it's just tbe other way with me ; I'm ont to thry and git a breaknst for me appetite V ' ' UVU, if that^s sn, well just have in tbe things at once. Jack !' He followed op tbe call with a peculiir whistle, which was speedily answered by a dumping tread oataxde, and Dick Dalton had just time to think what a heavy-footed fellow 'Jack ' mnet be, when in tramped a young elephant, about the size of a well-grown horse, with a steaming kettle hanging by a strong cord to the very tip of bis frank I ' Such a footman would make people stare in England, I date say,' said Frank Forrester, Ungiung at his guest's astonishment; 'but no one thinks anything of it up here in the heart of O$ion. See bow gingerly the little rogue holds the kettle : he upset the boiling water over his toes once, and ht'a been mightv careful of it ever since. Breakfast, Jack!'' Tbe elephant set down hie kettle and trotted out, returning speedily with all die etiscutails of a good East Indian breakfast set out opon a kind of basket tray, which be carried on Yob trunk as before. The table was soon spread, and the younger engineer and his euest fell to with a wilL 'Is Mr. Jack your valet as well as your footxuan **' asked Dalton. 14 Indeed be is, and 1 can promise you he knows hb work. Regularly tvery utorniag and half- past five he conies' to wvke me by trumpeting ooLside my door, and if that doesn't Trooae me —as it usually does, for he makes noistf enough to knock the house dawn — he conies right into the room, and lays the cold tip of his trunk on my face.' ' How long have you had him ? He seems tame enough.' 41 Well, I picked him up that time I went up to Koraegalle for my holiday, you fcnow* z and that's why he is called ' KornegcUc Jack/ or * Jack,7 for Abort. We were out shooting, and I brought down a Aavagr old she elephant, and this little fellow stood by his mother's body and wouldn't leave it. So then 1 felt sorry for him and made op my miod to take him borne and rear him if X could ; and now'a he's so tame that he just follows me about like a dog.' 41 Does he -. Well I obonld think it must be rather awkward for yon sometimes to have an elephant itotltag' at yoor heels evert* when* :' ' Well, it certainly is ratber awkward now and *uea. He followed me into church ooce, and I hail quite a job to get him ont again. And then, again, when tliey held that com mittee meeting about the new railway at Sir Lancelot H ? -'s place on the other tide of the valley I had to attend it a? consulting engineer, and 'ifdt Jack, as I thought, securely fastened up at home. But the little rascal managed to get loose isoraehow, came after me post-kasr*, and walked slap into the room right in the middle of the meeting. You shoald just have Keen the fat old directors jump out of his way. And he trotted right up to my ciiair and stood there as if waiting for orders. Then that saucy fellow Hawkins, who happened tobesittingncaribedoor when Mr. Jack pot in an appearance, called ont iii a loud voice, as if anuoUBcin*! a visitor, * Mr. Forrester's private secretary !* ' ' Stfcretary, valet, footman, ' laughed Diet. 'Why, your -luck's a regular ' jack-of-ali- trades/ You'd letter make him a chobidnr (watchman) too, and then he'll lie complete.' ' Well. I diirr? sty he wouldn't make a Lad one,' said Frank. A few w«rcfcs after Dalton *s visit Kncinecr Forrester «a*?anejcpecteJly transferred toaneu raflway nearly a hundred tniles away, which was lyjing constructed tbrouch a liroUen and thicKly-« oodt-d track in the heart of iue Tins was anything but a change for the better for poor Frank, whose new konsc was merely a rude hut in the midst of tbe jungle, very different from tlie snug little bunrfntotf {vi1U- in which be had received Dick }-khcn. And, worse still, he hid to inhabit this drcary pfocc all by htmself ; for as there uappcuedto be an ancient native burial ground do-se to it, tlie fi-ar of en countering a hh ot (gliosH was to strong amoop tbe suntrsriuoas Cinpilcse that the boldest of them would not hare' ventured near the spot after dark for any money that Frank could have offered. But be «'as not alto^etiier deserted, for there would hare been no possibility of per sua.diD2 ** ivorue^JiHf Jack 'T to stav boliitul, even had his master )Hsbc-d it ; and in this lonely &ud; dismal spot, with not a single xuzii near him «'bmu be coul.! trnst, the compMiion ship and afleofiOH -*ven of ati elenhanf were of uo small value to ihe solitary eiilf. For a whole inonlh onr hero toiled away like work with might and main, and canting from jjiekuajuo of ten or eleven, syllables, implying! *' The v lute man who never slef.'ps.' ' In fact, he hardly cv- did sVcp for the! iSrsi ffU' ni^lirs, evpec'inj: to )te ntt&-:UeA at ? auy mr.uient by uild Ij-hhTs or rol.Uts. for iu t ltu- savage legion tlie it were plentv of Im-iIi. ] irure enough one wight ht saw the fiery eyes of a huge panther glaring in at him throutrh the window bars ; and a, sew days later he found a deadly snake wriggling out of hia bed with a sharp hiss just as he wa* going to get into it. Bat this, so Frank philosophically remarked, was ** all in the day's work ;*' and he was juBt beginning to enter into tilt Bpiiit of thu stTasce life, aad to settle down to it com fortably enough, when there came a sudden and startling interruption. .About the end of his fifth week in this oev place he came home late one night from * hard day*G work so thoroughly tired ont that be had hardly lain dowii whea he *-as fast asleep. But about midnight he awoke with a start, and half raising himself, looked around him with a vagoe haunting aense of some imminent danger. Nothing mtnwiia^ however, waa to he seen, and just at first there was nothing to be heazd ; but all a.t once tne practised hnnter^v quick ear caught & faint sound just outside ibe door, as if the teeth of a rat were nibbling at the woodwork. Then it swans softly open {the fastenings having been skilfully cut from the oateide), and in the doorway etood thrve tail, gaunt, shadowy forms, which a faint glimmer of moonlight showed to be armed with long knives. The house was beset by native robbere ! Just when Frank least expected it, the peril for which be had watched so lone had come upon him. A report had got abroad that the white n.an kept in bis but a large som of money intended to pay his 3*boarers ; and this was quite enough for the fierce mountain men around him, who, though folly as superstitions as tbeir neighbours^ would have faced all the ghosts in Eastern mythology for a good chance of plunder. The brave young fellow clutched at bis revolver, bat it was not to be found : it bad slipped from its place, aud there, was ho time to iiuut for it in tlie -iUrkne«s. Catching up his heavy iron -spiked staff, lie stood grimly at bay, facing undauntedly the cruel eyes and k^ec-bladed knives of the robbers. There was, however,, one chance left for him, and lie took iL Possibly his pet elephant might still he a»*£ke, and whhia call ; so Frank gave the well-known signal whittle, aud added to it a lusty Bhout of 'Jack!' At this unexpected fiummouB the three ruffians (who had supposed bun to be quite ulone) paused for a moment in wonder and dismay, and that one moment made all the difference. There was a crash and a tramp ling outside— a hoarse discordant scream of rage, like the blast of a cracked trumpet — and down went the tallest of the three brigands as if struck by ligbzning beneath a rcsonnding whack from tbe trunk of Frank's four-footed seutry. The two other villains, thoroughly scared by this strange and formidable attack, took to their heels at once. But they were not destined to get off so easily, for tlie trusty Jack, whose blood was thoroughly up at tola assault upon his adored master, pursued so hotly after tbe flying thieves that one of them fell b ead foremost into a wet aud oiu ildy ditch, and tue 'other could only escape the elephant's rush by plunging recklessly into a thick clump of thorn bushes, which scratched uim ao thoroughly from head to foot Uiat he looked like a railway mzp done in red ink. *? Well done, Jack, my boy,' cried our hero, stroking approvingly the buge napping ears of bus rescuer, when the Utter caxne back from the chase. 'Old Dick tolJ me that I oupht to make a w&LcUniau; of you, aud, *pon my word, you've acted as one to good purpose th'u time.'— Harper* Ymatg P*opk. 