NOTES OH NEWS. Tho goo entirely happy man in Iho colony to-day must bo Mr Patterson. Uo has survived tho perils of Parliament, and has j;ot safely into a long recess, Ho is dalivorud from tho worries which inado life hateful to his prcdcceesors ; from strikes, that is, from deputations of the unoinploywd, and from a defioit growing iiko Jonah's gourd. Sur veying the world through rose-tlutcd spectacles Mr 1'attorson is thus ablo to announcuonce morottiot it is "tho best of all possible worlds !" TIo is ablo to discover in it nothing but expanding gold roturus, multiplying village settlements, evcr-incrcasing buitoroiports, u miracu lously rustored public credit, and, in brief, » now golaen ago with no wicked Opposition trying to turn out a virtuous Ministry, and in which "None will envy tho rich and all will help tho poor." The Promior's speech ut Castlcmaiuo inny bo doNonbcd as one loud, long and oxultant wlioop over things in goneinl - and over tlio doings of tho Ministry in particular. From purely internal cvidonco the judicious critic is ablo to dotormilio thut tho spocch published in tlio morning journals is not oxaolly that which Mr Puttorson actually dehvorod, but only that which ho wuutod to deliver. It was supplied, that is, in manuscript, >uud in advance, to tho moniink journals ; and so it lacks tho unconventional' looso> ness nnd the occasional sparklo -which, uo doubt, marked tbs actual speech to which tho Caitlomaino oloctors listened. Hut it is a good spocch on tho whole ; though, no doubt, tho Premier launchadouia littln too often that Wobstori&u; metaphor about having "touehed thu dead corpse of publio credit, " aud to miraculously rovivod it, TboPrsmior, to be rudely candid, is not good nt rhetorical and somi-pootical figunis. Pungent common sense, flavored with the Knit of wit, and with a sparklo of wrath in it— this is Mr Pat terson's best rhotorlcal quality. Put when he becomes poetical and tries to put on tho " grand stylo" of Daniel Wobstor, his best friends must, with tearful earnest ness, impress upon him Punolt's famous " advice to those about to marry." The truth is thnt Iho best figuros In Mr Patterson's Caetloinnine oration aro those which rolato to tho butter oxports. Tliey are scarcely such, no doubt, qi would sot tho inuso of Tomiysou sinping or the ghost of Daniel "Wobstor rhetori cally prancing ; but they aro sufliciont to give ovury cttlzon a now conli- donco in tho resources of tho colony. Wo only began to oxport bntlor four years «co, nnd yot thu trade Itns inoreasod in that purhd tsufuld. This year, it seems, wo aro likuly to oxport ovor 13,000,0001b of butter, and tho cash valuo of tho trausctiou is L07L',000. Who could huvo believed, four years ago, that a trado so vast could bu created lu a period so brief ; or that wo could extract from tho uddurs of Victoria!! cows suoh a veritable rain of gold I And nubotly need doubt that a scoro of other resources aro lying as yot undotootcd and undeveloped about us, waiting to bo translated into yot other and ovon more tropical showers of gold. Tho somnambulist at tho Fedoral Colfoo Palace yesterday has certainly supplied an amusing sonsation to tho wboto city. Tho hero of it, it sonms, is a Now tiouth Wales ahearor, who, undor tho n trans of " tronblo financial or other— tins de veloped into another Sylvester Sound. Ho wont to his room in tho Federal CofToo Pnlaco on Sunday night, but mysteriously vanished, leaving a euro, fully prepared dummy in hat and cont on bis bod. On Monday night ho was discovered by tbo nitonlshod pasnongurs in tho Htroot attirod in hts trouftors only, and gosticulating wildly from tbo lofty roof of tbo cofibo pnlaco. This reinarkabio shoaror must b&vo; risen in his sloop, tiggod up tho "dummy," opened his bodroom window, solzod tlio rain-pipo which ran by it, and crawled Ekn a bootlo by its liolp up tho lofty side of tho uoffoo palaco to its roof with a hundrod feet of moro space botwixt himself aud tlio pavouent. This is an amazing feat to ba done by anybody awako or asleep, and what must be the sOQ&stioji; of. a parson, who goes to Bloop comfortably iu his bodroom ..on Sunday night nnd wakes up on Monday morning to find Himself porchod on tho housetop, from which thcro is no moans ofdoscont, ondwheroha has to spond uu entiro day glostlouiating in valu to Iho uurogarding pMSongors hi tho atroet be low. Somnambulists, it is clear, are vory uncomfortably soft of lodgors tp havo in tho house, and If thoir poculiar habits aud capabilities wero known in advauoo a quits prolilbitivo tariff would bo Imposed Upon them by all hotabkeeport. A lodger tvlAt nuch remarkable climbing power, nnd such un un- pleasant habit of waking up in the wrong place, would ho decidedly un popular. "Trouble," it Rooms, awoke this strnngo faculty iu the hero of thu Cotfoo L'aloco escapade ; hut if fluaucial t roubles produced tho same efl'oct on othor pooplo wo tuighb almoat expect to ictt ovury houso roof iu Melbourne occu pied sovun mornings in the week by nu agitated and ltihtly attirod citizen gosti- culatiug to tho p.uinengers below. 