A TALK WITH A DIVEBl ' I'u.not'going to tell you about gboeti onder water, odrpsee litting upright in the atate«roos» of steamera, with booba on their kneea, aa if they had been reading when they were drowned, beoauae I haren't aeen anch. Nor haa any other diver. Yon can't aee anything in a aunken veaael. If anyone telle you anch atoriea he's not a diver- except that he divea away from the truth." " fa there an akill required in the act of diving —I inean gettmg down to the object on which you are to work 1" " No. That ia to aay, no particular akill— only care. You muat be careful not to go down the life line too faat, becauae if you did the preaaure on yon would be too audden. But the art of /going down ia eaay enough. The dreaa weighs a diver down. Yon aee, his ahMs weigh twenty pounds each. Then he baa on hia cheat and back weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet and coUar 'are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of diick with a layer of rubber bet ween them. To the top part of the dreaa a collar of copper ia affixed, and to this the helmet ia finely screwed after it haa been placed over the diver's head. ' The helmet ia large enough to allow a tpace' of three inches 'around the heM, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before the diver goes down, a weighted line ia sunk to the spot he:n to reach below. The life line is tied around-zbis waiat, and to hia helmet ia attacked the hoae through which the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goes' down the weighted line, the hoae and the life line being run out aa he' descends. As he-moves about below, those above mnstre: gulate the life line and hoae, and should be ready to pull' him up aa soon aa they get the aigntd- a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy tbiio'p a luabing sound, or a nOiae like thunder, madCby thei air' passing from the hoae into the helteet; But that's nonaenae. You don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump. " If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land hiin safe and sound f " 'Danall not. If a diver's caraful about; his work, - nothing should happen ; but if anything does happen, it is usually all over with him, A tug on the line means death, especially ; if he's down deep. The diver doesn't perish becauae he's out off too long from the supply of air. but from the frigbtful pressure. Take, for instance, .the death of Jenkins, in 1878. Hia hoae burst, ey hauled' him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. 1 don't care' to describe his appearance. It was harrowing. I can give you, from an experience of mine, some idea of the pressure. I was at -work below,' when suddenly the supply of air-gave outi I tugged the life line. Fortunately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive; But I felt while they were hauling mo as if -Lhad a hydraulic jack on each aide of my head. ' The hose had not-burst, and the pump had- beenwork- ing all right, so we were at a loss to know why;tiie supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hcae. . We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know any one who- is. an enemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kind of danger I have just described — that of the stoppage of air and death from preaaure — is perhaips the greatest, beoauae a diver can't do anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond hia control. "There is another danger, and a very snrioua one, tooi whaoh, fortunately, however, is ndtoften incurred. - The dreaa of a diver ia fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dress ia being put on,- will some- times- show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful cool ness makes you drowsy. Divera actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen aaleep but once. I slept at the bottom of a creek soundly for one hour and a half. Now suppose y ou had a job thdt you could work at only during one hour of alack water, and on going below you 'fell aaleep, ond slept over your time. The tide would come a rush, your hose and rope would anap. and that would be the end of you."— Million, The umbrella first came into general use at the close of the last century. Advertisement writing is becoming a regular branch of literature in the United States. Some of the first claas writers comm and aalaries of 10,000 dob. a year, and now young men are regularly training for the work and going to college in preparation. 