' /FLASHLIGHTS. [By Foous'km.J I lie nervous system. — Ghost slone3 Pool Relief Society meeting yester day. A general strike m tho building trades feared. The latest boom. — That of tho cannon for Dull. - ? ?4 Fixed deposits.— Gold, three thousand feet down. Home Rule. — That of the French governess. Splendid rams throughout South Australia. Rosey limes. Those of the hon. mem ber for Argylo. It is said that Goodge is an excellent judge of fat pork. Is lvidd kidding — excuse the vulgac lsm — the Local Option Party 7 Tremendous rainsm Victoria. Mel bourne threatened with a flood. Who can pick the winner of tho Edmboro' Castle Tournament ? Governor Duff opened the railway g from Kiama to Nowra yesterday. fi A man without prejudico of any kind § is as rare as a woman without guile. f? A. W. Clarke, the Government | Analyst, Brisbane, has committed sui- |- cido. I . | Tho Civil Servants always look a f lot more civil on pay day. They are | mostly all smiles to-day. I I * ? Another raid on tho Chineeso gam- 3$ bling dens in Sydney, and a largo # number of fantanists arrested. 5 Tho low-lying lands in Melbourne are ? 111 danger. There has beon a lot of low- if lying over the lands in that city. i J I ? ' ? W Sir Matthew Davies to be arrested at = Colombo. The provisional warrant has v been wired. ' A warrant quite warrant— ed. Tho Advocate is open to make bets | that the decision of tho Full Court will I be the same as argued for in tho Advo- 1 cate leader yesterday. | Tho Bulletin in its ' answers to | correspondents' practically repudiates J Protection by denying that it owes I Dibbs any support as the piotectionist | leader. $ The Bulletin complains of 'tho s Billingsgate of Dibbs and See.' And 'f this from one of the slangiest papers in 3 the colony. I say nothing of smut. 4 The chairman of a big Insurance Company in the United States, has been sentenced to four years' imprison ment for defrauding his shareholders of £250,000. I have a beautiful woodcut of Lord Wolseley, the likeness between which and the Hon. F. B. Suttor (side face) i9 most startling. Same nose, same moustache, same eyes, same mouth, same chin and throat, and same fall just below the ear. With regard to the death of a youth at Annandale, which death was caused : by his tripping and dashing his head against the kerbstone, tho Australian Star has been requested by his paronts to say that ' he was a regular attendant at church.' Where is the connection 7 The reason why Cardinal Moran, who drinks ginger beer as his greatest in dulgence, and is as temporal e as that in all other things, drives tho now faded carriage left by tho late Dr. Vaughan and does not discard that luxury too, is that it is a law of tho Vatican that a Cardinal shall not walk. Parlies still says he is a poor man, i and yet ho drives a carriage. Did ho do 1 that the week ho went hungry on first j landing in Sydney 7 Ho is only poor i who suffers from an empty stomach, a . roofless head, and a coatless back. Men who are in receipt of a sufficiency, and who call themselves poor, arc ungrateful, and it would serve such grumblers right to have to. do what somo of the Sydnoy unemployed do, scratch in back lano refuse-boxes for a breakfast. Wo most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure invigornnt. good alike to men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. Cne pound orders are placed under the labels of many of the large bottles. To secure the gonuino article buy a whole bottle, and don't be imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well known and well tried stimulant, and was sold liflv years ago by chemists as atonic,* 