The Shire Contest. The contested seat in the Town riding this year afforded a score or two of ratepayers who assembled iu the Institute Hall ou Wednesday evening an opportunity for dragging out some of our municipal stalking-horses, and riding them with a good deal of fun and frolic. Dr. Abramowski was eaily on the scene, and it seemed at first, by the desolate appcarance of the hall, as if the proceedings would be cold and cheerless ; but in a little while " not ex- councillor " DeGaris put in an appearance, and soon a handful of sturdy Mildura ratepayers settled down to their pipes, and evidently made up their minds that paucity of numbers should be more than counterbalanced by active interest and as keen a display of native wit as circumstances would permit. Or. Johnston, as President of the Shire, occupied tbe chair, " as to the manner born,"' and everybody, individually and collectively, testified approval by the orthodox hammering of sliceleather on the floor of the hall. Dr. Abramcwski was first of the two candidates to address the meetiug; and in an earnest speech, straight to the point, he redeemed the meeting from utter child's-plaj by an expression of views upon the disgraceful nature of the town water supply, and the immediate remedies whichshould be adopted, which met with the hearty sympathy and endorsement of the meeting. He described how, as health officer, he had watched the development of the settlement, kept a-keen eye upon tbe diseases which have sprung tip, sought for •their- origin, and reported -upon -them from time to time, carefully and exhaustively, to the Shire Council. Ha reminded them especially of the outbreak of typhoid in 1888, attended then and since by 108 cases, resulting in 12 instances of death; and complained that his reports had met with scant attention and very little action on the part of the board. He contended that the disease could have been kept out of tbe place altogether by the adoption of wise precautionary measures ; and, even on its appearance, might have been cut short had the remedial means which he advocated been adopted; whereas they had the standing fact before them to-day chat Mildura was proclaimed as "an infected town," and lie was afraid it was die worst infected settlement, in respect to typhoid, of any place in Vic toria. People would not come-to live in the place under such cixcnmstances, and it was the first duty of the Council to take the most energetic measures to bring such a state of things to an end. He alluded to the Urban Trust scheme as a matter which lie had advocated from the first j but urged that, pending' -the establishment jof such a trust, the; public health was amatter of such vital importance thatwvery means, ready to hand, should be "taken promptly in the meantime to grapple with the introduztion or spreading of disease. The fact was, that the reticulation: pipes in 'use were foil of filth and typhoid germs, and lie bad - pressed npon die -Council over and over again the absolute Pieces*-: mty of cleansing ' them. The jnpefc should be cleansed, «nd the water taken from further up the river, where it was pure and wholesome. These were simple matters that should have been undertaken at one*; and, even if difficulties were found to bp in the way, he would rather bring pure water in watercarts from a little way up the river,than jeopardise the public health by still conveying it from a filthy source through pipes that were full of decaying vegetable and other matter. Tbe Council possessed full power, under the Health Act, to have the pipes cleansed—why had they not done it 1 If they returned him on the board he should not rest until Miidura had Hgood supply of pure water. (Loud cheer3). This was really the gravest of matters. He had tried hard as health officer to do his duty to the settlement, but could not get the Council to move, lie hoped that,as a member of that board himself, he might be more successful. On the conclusion of the worthy doctor's remarks, the Chairman rubbed his meeting the wrong way by characterising the speech as being full of complaints, but as " pointing out no remedies." Cries of dissent were heard all over the hall, and some indignant ratepayer wanted to know if Cr. Johnston had been taking a nap while the doctor had been prescribing. The Chairman put the extinguisher on the hullabaloo by calling on " ex-Councillor DeGaris " to address the meeting. Ex-Councillor DeGaris commenced his "harangue with a 'repudiation of this soft impeachment. lie stuck to the law, which expressly provided that no ex-councillor was an ex-councillor until ; his successor had been elected. He complimented the doctor on being one of tbe ablest public men in Mildura to fill the position he sought—and straightway set to work to prove himself a much abler man still. He tried to prove that the health officer's reports had received every consideration at the hands of the Council. They had even called ou the directors of tbe Irrigation Company to have the pipes opened, and the water tested. (Mr. DeGaris did not state the result of the test—perhaps he will forward it to the IBBTGA- TIOKIST for next issue). He also alluded to a "filter well" which had existed in his own imagination for a considerable time ; though it 16 not in evidence that any Mildura settler has yet had a draught of water from it. Mr. DeGaris alluded sorrowfully to the fact that Dr. Abramowski was inclined to " quarrel with the Council" —(prompt cries of "Quite right!"), but the Council was working amid many difficulties, and they were not owners of the water pipss. Why didn't the doctor do what he wanted when he was on the directorate of the Irrigation Compauy—he was one in nine there whereas on the Council he would only be one in twelve 1 l>r. Abramowski—Because the directors denied altogether the ownership of the pipes. It was the Council that had the power to move, and they should have moved. (Cheers). Mr. DeGaris went on to say that the Council had prepared a scheme, but it could not be carried out at once, and - meanwhile the supply had to be kept up. (Voice : " What, the supply of poison ?") Their scheme had gone to. the Water Supply Department, and this week the first criticism of the Department had been forwarded to them. In the scheme the Council estimated that the cost, under an Urban Trust, would be 24s. per allotment per annum ; but the Department thought it could be done for 10s. The scheme would have to be re-adjusted and submitted again. (Voice : " How many more typhoid cases will that mean T') Mr. DeGaris then proceeded to enlarge upon his great experience, and to pose as a democrat and a friend of the people. He -wouldn't do an unmanly thing—(Unconsecrated settier on back seat: " How about blowing your own trumpet ?" and great laughter, in which the orator joined). Anyway, he hoped they wouldn't forget his record—(Voice: " Not we!")—and that they would return him to the Council. The Chairman said the candidates were ready to reply to any questions ; that might be put to them ; and Dr. Abramowski pointed out the mistake the Chairman, had made in saying that he suggested no remedies for the evils alluded to. His remedies were — open the pipes at once, thoroughly cleanse them, get the poison germs out of <hem, and bring the water from further up the river. (Loud cheers). His opponent seemed to assume, " Without DeGaris, no water trust "—(laughter) —but surely that was a mistake. They would get the trust no doubt in time , but his great reason for consenting to act on the board was the crying necessity of the moment—already there had been 32 cases of typhoid in tbe eight months of this year. The questions and answers were as good as a round game. Mr. Glyde led off by wanting to .know whether the candidates would-be-in-favor of doing away with the Secretary's- letter-box, and the two candidates divided on this tremendous issue, Mr. DeGaris characterising it as amongst bis "drastic measures of reform," while the doctor smiled on the offending guinea's-worth and concluded he' " would let it alone." Questions as to the arrears of Shire rates enabled Mr. DeGaris to bring out his " sixpenny rate," and to state once more that, whereas the water rates were imperative and must be collected, " the council might shut up for a year, and nobody be the worse." On which the doctor retorted, amid much mirth, that if that was Mr. DeGaris's estimate of the value of the council, perhaps it was not to be wondered at that it had achieved so little..' j Mr, DeGaris—The town should pay; a Flailing rate, but why outsiders 1 * > Y make the-"town - pay ; aayfch~ing, in the' face of Mr, Stuart Murray's 'repbrt.?< Mr. DeGaris—I don't know that. . The poor old Temperanjeshost which iiaunts Mildura so sadly came up on as if it had been drinking haid from the town pipes and had imbibed ia. full dose of typhoid germs. - . . Hie doctor ^went straight for it, -and exorcised it altogether from the -Council board, - Tfc was a religious ghost (?), lie said—not^a political afiair at all—and it had no business on the Shire GounciL • . Mr. ;DeGaris claimed -acquaintance mth i&e; ghost, in and onl "of the 3>ody, for 27 years, and gave it a good charac' Iter. Why shouldn't it have a go at the Council 1 However, he loved Temperance, but he loved Liberty much more, and if the people didn't want the ghost it would have to go. No ghoBt could stand an outburst of democracy. Mr. Dawkins was indefatigable in leading out the stalking-horses for Mr. DeGaris. He dragged up the old Hospital mare, and got a promise of stabling for him by the Council. The Fire Brigade steed came up with a snort, "and the doughty " not ex-cnuncillor till to-morrow " promised to ride hioi.« The young racer Shire Hall, which Mr. De- Garis thought sowelloftwoyearsago, he considered now to be out of the running—at. any rate, there was nothing to feed him on. 'Mr. Murray asked whether the candidates were in favor of ploughing up the streets in the middle of summer, so as to provide the shopkeepers and others with pecks of dust. Mr. DeGaris replied, amid much laughter, that that little move last summer was one of " misadventure" {firstcousio, no doubt, to defective channels). The'object was to give employment to needy people; and Mr. Murray remarked that plenty of " employment" had certainly been afforded inside the houses in getting the dust out again. Want of light in the streets, and the " impossible " wharf, were made butts of Question and merriment; and the question" as to the practicability of a •** pub. 1 ' was'considered in the negative light of a temperance policy being " incompatible with the wine industry." Mr. DeGaris remarked pathetically on the recent success of Joshua Bros, in putting colonial brandy on the London markets; but declared that, even in the. face of Joshua, he was prepared to stick to his temperance principles. Questions as to the Pests Bill, the Lake reserve, the sparrows and crows, the " president's allowance," and last, but not least, the utilisation of nightsoil, were replied to and interspersed with quips and jokes that sent the little meeting home to bed in the jolliest of humors, and apparently with light E hearts as to the important decision of the morrow—whether the Chairman had earned the prophet's spectacles or not when he coolly dubbed the Professor of Municipal Economy as " Ex- Councillor DeGaris." 