V COLLAPSED Alll CASTLE. *VT is a questionable comfort to be . a ,J bachelor.. I had nerer felt more; •onvinced of that fact than I did on one particular day id December. The gun—; -which I find' often affecta our moods Beriously by the way he looks down upon-us —was in a coquettish mood, and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. . The ladies were out -in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom- fails —not figuratively speaking, permit me to remark, for I am no judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably j believe the verdict of fiction, " where the ] eky that had been obscured with clouds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and life was i one perpetual summer of bliss after the bright particular * ehe' appeared on the; hrrizon of his life." Literally, I remarked, however, that the unusual number of the female persuasion in the streets of our famous town portended a storm, and so my prophecy proved true ; for : the night shut down eulleu and: gloomy, just as I imagine society belles must appear after, a brilliant ball, where they have squandered three days' supplies of smiles' aud blandishments on one evening. Per haps the atmosphere warmed up enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky., thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the same. Questionable, I remarked, is the comfort of a bachelor. It is very flattering to be poiuted out as some special genus of a race, in an exclusive way, shining with an unborrowed lustre, as, "Tliat tall gentleman we just passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I felt a new accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, as if I had been quoted as a " bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. Ifo second fiddle dubbiug, as Mrs. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complacent look as I passed on. Anoiher group came down the avenue. One of the young ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. JFlie air was clear, and after I had bowed and walked slowly on, these words saluted my ear,— *'O May! You should set your cap for Mr. Scribbler!" "May and December ! That would be like the story I read lately,*"1 was the reply in silvery tones, that sounded very pleasant-, and sent a flutter through, even my old Veins as I listened, hoping to lienr more pleasan tries - at my expense of as encouraging a character,; especially as I had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like one I could wish to possess as a— daughter. "But the next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. " You know he wight not live long, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow, with plenty of admirers, and—" Miserere! I thought nly plodding neigh bour across the street, who was only Mrs. Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim of such a dark conspiracy. In this mood of sudden humility I encountered an old friend, heavily laden with parcels, who was not only somebody's liirtbaud, but an old-time rival. My" greeting partook of the nature of con gratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured me —making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store—ihat if he got his errands done in time he would come. Errands ? Bless ii}y soul J Where is the burdened benedict g<jing to efow away the r«?et of his "errands i—and what made liim look as if haunted by some irate fury as he edged off hurriedly to buy calico, thread, a paper of pins,. psi'liapSj or a yard of ribbon, or some other feminine possessions that bid bachelors are not supposed to realise the need of ? On'my homeward journey, thinking and moralising on the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustration;?, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh bells, that announced some passiog young couples looking comfortable and—jolly, I should have once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke so recently that it sent a shiver through me—elderly couples tucked up snugly, and talking com fortably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. So contradictory are all general applications to social states that I gave it up as too far beyond me to solve the problem "To be or not to be." The whistle of the early evening train blew, and I concluded my friend hadjjeen so long delayed with matching that particular shade of ribbon, or finding that identical pattern of slippers, that he had no time to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor in his lonely lot. He was a sort of rival years ago, and no one could condemn me for feeling a slight resentment on being " cut out," to use a common phrase. But time heals many a sinai t, and one turns back, when one is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dis mally on a state thafl felt iu duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover- -thinking the lowering night would exempt me from intrusion —wasengaged in the very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learning that accomplishment, lest I should need to know how ; I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing thi6 when I wa? 10 years younger, but now mjT fingers had grown clumsy, and the needle would go into the wrong place—hs_ often into my lingers as into the edge of the chasm I was trying to bridge over with yarn. It is astonishing how a person who lias kept a strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the " swear words " he ever knew upon such a provocation. I had just come to the last fissure in those hosen when I saw my friend's figure pass the window. I heard his step at the door, and. hastily thrusting the darning-needle into the nearly spent ball, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over all, as I felt rather ashamed te be found mending stockings by this man of all others, who bad a wife to keep him neat. This thought put me on the defensive at once, for I said to myself: " ' Ye are spies! To see the nakedness of the land are ye come.' Without compromising truth, I shall externally prove the tranquil joy of the celibate." My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at ease, and after looking into the dark corners somewhat apprehensively, drew up a. splint bottomed chair to the fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy blaze, before which the and irons posed, like sentinels, black and grim, evidently staring at the iutruder. After we had talked a while on many topics his face grew long and solemn, and drawing liis hand elowly over hie half-gray, whiskers, he remarked sagely : " This must be a mighty hard life for you to lead, Rube, here all alone ; I pity you from the bottom of my heart, I do ! Don't you get lonely 1" " Occasionally," 1 replied. " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping that breaks the silence seems to fill the room with the ghosts of a quilting - bee or a sewing society.". Joshua turned up -his eyes rather sus piciously, looking for some signs of irony in my face, and continued patronisin<rly:— " Now if you had a wife, Rube, she would have polished these andirons so you could see your face in 'em." " I have a good looking-glass," I said, " and beside, I never flattered myself on being worth looking at." There's a woman over in our neighbour hood that would make you a capital wife," he reinnikcJ. "She is jjood looking, smart w $ and clf'v.r bwjfo i'j$ interested in yon, really, and would like to gee you comfortably settled in your declining years. Suppose you come over to' :>ur place, some time, and get acquainted V "lain not sore I need a. wife," I said eluctaufcly, not being willing to confess thai iiis last words had fallen like oil on troubled eeas. "I am well enough as lam." _ My apparent reluctance to accept his ser vices as mafccli-maker aroused in him tbe slumbering fire of oratory; long subdued— rumour had whiskered—by the sharp and overwhelming logic of his better half, : Belinda. " Think what it would be," said he, " to have some one to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village choir when I was young), to soothe your cares with loving words and gentle smiles ; to bestow titles of tenderest endear ment upon you ; to be a ministering angel in sickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken sublimest harmony in your sou!; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your trashing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and " But /whatever else Joshua might- have said was lost to me then. He had, as it were, taken me by slow stages to the meeting house steeple, and then dropped me from thence, in a twinkling, into a wash-tub aud a poultry-yard and kettles and frying pans. Of course the shock and the fall was too much for one of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was the way his eloquence always ended at the debating society when he was young. He would soar, and soar, and soar, till he reached the " top of father's wood nile." I saw he was making one more tranfcic effort, encouraged by my weak silence, to convert me to his mailimonial creed. I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt the current of his ideas, and still listened in silence, wondering, a little sceptically, why he looked so careworn and HI at ease, in .such a felicitous state of exist ence. " And—and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary aud worn with fatigue, to be wel comed home again with caressing words and -a loving embrace. lie mopped the perspiration from his brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair,towards which he had been gyrating in his excitement. He dropped into the cliair with the air of 'a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence; and leaned heavily back, while I remarked that " I was glad to hear that he and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." . Whatever else I would have said was cut short by liis suddenly strange conduct as he sprang up from the chair and executed a dance that was something between a waltz' and a breakdown, and not exactly either. •' Why these antics, my friend ?" I asked ; innocentty, refiaining from gazing except on ! his face, which .was contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. "It is indeed a fitting illustration j of your felicity when you are impelled to leap for joy." Hang it allhe said, " Can't you see what a fix I am in ?' And he reached his ; hand around to his spine and gave another terrific shriek. ' " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly risiug to investigate the cause of his fright. " I was thinking of Belinda " The cause immediately transpired, for,' fastened to the small of his back, were all the, contents of that chair, except the cushion. "Confound Belinda !" he exclaimed, stung to madness by jealousy and the darning needle. " £ can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night—I've got seasoned to it—but Fll be darned if I can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." "I'll try to extricate you; I understand ■now. Vour little pun respecting my darn-: iftg needle liere made me think you were mildly swearing," I remarked. *' Steady now!" And with a vigorous effort the darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and sfocking were at once removed, and I con fessed to myself with an inward, chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment he had unwittingly affected —entirely done for. He had in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at the stockings, seizing on them as a subject for his next remark. "Did you do that, Reuben?" lie asked. " I never see one darned, so welL After ail, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't- hasten, Joshua—you were telling me what Belinda would say when you return; I am getting deaf; I don't always c^tch everything." " No I wasn't, neither ! And you needn't be calling my wife by her first name to my face—but I can tell you near enough, if you want to know; she will say that I was a blustering old idiot to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too." " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. " I am somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I had as many errands entrusted to my poor memory as you ha'd to-day." He looked as if it was no affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and corrected one of my errors by present ing a much rumpled document from his vest pocket. " There's the items ; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that I was unable to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : " By the great Ca±sar ! If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins ? " He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him to remind him of his magnani mous offer. " When shall I have the pleasure of meet ing that amiable person at your house? Miss Charity Smith, I think you called her." He looked more confused than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly-: " Well, now—come to think of it, I ain't sure she'd suit you, after all; and—come to think of it—seems to me I beard that ehe thought of making a lengthy visit to her nephew out in Oregon. Perhaps you had better wait awhile. I think I'll take it up with Miss Charity first. Good .night Reuben. I'm glad to leave you so com fortable." He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and the air castle ie likely to share the same fate as uiany another. But here, what is this my eye first lights upon as I open the paper this hob midsummer day 2 " A mysterious disappearance! Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has •been missing for eeveral days. The depot agent is quite sure he bought a, ticket for some Western city, but his family suspect suicide, as he has been melancholy of late." Poor Joshua ! I can imagine that he would be subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't be what she used to be, according to the hints he let drop reflecting: on her amiability. I hardly think it would be best to attempt to condole with her, if worst has come t« worst—and if Belinda Brown is really a widow —poor fellow ! But perhaps she might, for old acquaint ance sake, forget her grief sufficiently to present me to Miss Smith. "Charity" that name, however, has had a very pleas ing sound to my ears. But here's another Ghestnnt-hill item, that gives the finishing stroke to that air castle— " Miss Charity Smith started ior Oregon last week." The thermometer was ninety in the shade when I came in with the paper. I mast go out and look at it again ; it must have fallen twenty degrees certain. What if—Joshua had gone out to Oregon himself? In all England there are only seven school boards which do not provide for t^UjjivuE 