SOME INTERESTING AERONAUTS. Br O. F. Holder, Ifc is said that; inventors And designers often obtain their ideas from nature. Thus tho tor pedo boat or submavino oruiser is said to have boen modellod after a fish, whilo tho idea of the ' boat is taken from certain birds in their swim- ' mine alone the -surface. That the coneeption of the balloon may have come 'from some animal would seem hardly plansible, yet in a ramblo up one of the great cations of the Siorra Nevadas not long sinoe I was tempted to believe it more than possible. I bad climbed up the side of the canon and ;sat with, my dog, looking up the green river that wound away into tbo range, when my eye eaught what appeared to be a dainty bit of laeo floating along. On it came, so steadily that it seemed possessed with a certain intelligence, neither rising nor falling, as stray bits of eh&ff; or down are wont to do, but moving in a direot line. No sooner had it passed than another came into view, then another; and then, all at onee, the spaoe between tho two banks seemed filled with tbe floating objeots whioh might have been the ghosts of fairies, so delicate wero they. As ono floated quito near me I put out my hand to catoh it. Then I found that! had arrested a voritable balloon in its progress— an animal balloon, mado by a dolioato little aeronaut. I renohed out and oaught anotbor. It, too, was a balloon, and it dawned upon roo that I was watohing the pasfmgo of myriads of aeronauts that wero being drawn up the narrow oauon by the current of air that flowod along so Bilontly. But who wero the aeronauts? None other than spiders, oaoh balloon being occupied by ono ; and I realised that it was a inost roniarkable race, in whioh thousands of balloonist were tak ing part. As one of tho delicate struc tures drifted against my arms the aeronaut stepped deftly from the car aud for a momont stood still, so that I had a rare ohanoe to oxamino the dainty oraft and the navigator of the air. . Tho balloon wns a ball, or rather platform, of fluffy web or silk that resembled Bjiun glass, and was quite large enough to afford the spider ample room to rest upon. This platform corresponded to tho car or basket of a balloon. But what kept it aloft? As another ball oame floating by I discovered attached to it a slender thread of silk that seemed to be the supporting medium. It extended directly upward and bent in tho breeze, forming a delicate perpenaioular column or sail. # la . There was tho balloonist and tho balloon ; but how was tho latter made ? It seemed as fthough I had ankod the question aloud ; and that the tiny aeronaut upon my arm, who was perhaps resting, had heard the query anu pro posed answering it. For the little ineeofc, ' whioh was dooked in a garb of brown, and had bright, diamond like eyes, crawled ui> to the highest point of my coat sleeve, then raising its tpinnarets aloft, ejected a delicate thread. Every second it grew longer, and as it gfow it roso dlrootly upward as if it was vastly lighter than tho air. Up it went, higher ond higher, until I judged it to be throe feet long, and then a very curious thing occurred, llie spider was almost lifted from hj® leg Another sooond, and bo appeared to be.lifted again ; then, wonder of wonders I ho turned anu ran a few steps direotly up the thread into tho air, then turned again, and, head downward, sailed away. So the thread of silk was, in reality, the balloon# The spider spina tho thread out until tho wind takos and wafts it away. Tho fluffy platform is formed later during the flight, and when com plete tho spider aeronaut rests upon it as seoureiy as tho human aeronaut in his basket. But where W6ro these thousands of inseot aeronauts going ? Tho air was filled with their fairy liko cars. As far as I could see they floated, high and low, all going in the samo direotion, migrating I know not where. Those in the lower strata stranded on tho buBhos, and many a balloon was wreoked and entangled ; hardly a fatal disaster, however, as overy aeronaut possessed the power of forming a now balloon and sailing on. I w&tohed; several as they nimbly ollmbed up the rope and made for tho highest point on the branofi, and soon tho silicon cord of another balloon was rising upward in tbe air, taking the stranded voyagers aloft to join the passing throng. What occasioned tho migration is difficult to say. Who shall explain the migrations of butterflies oveiy spring, when myriads are seen moving along in a given direotion ? The move ment is caused by some instlnot. That the spider, a slow traveller, can make itself a balloon and journey aoross deep oaaonB and raging torrents is certainly an evidenoe, not only of its ingenuity, but of its intelligence. 