THE COB I NT H 'OANA L--TH È GEE AT WOE! WHICH DIVIDES GREECE. The classic land of Greece is at length an island, for the canal across the Isthmus of Corinth has cut it off from Europe. We give thiB week two illustrations of the construction of the canal. One shows the great cutting and the other shows the end near the Gulf of Egina. On August 6 the King of Greece formally opened the canal. Great Britain sent a portion of the Mediterranean fleet to do honor to the event, and it is hoped that the under taking may help to bring back to Corinth some por tion of the prosperity which sha enjoyed in days gone by. The very name of Corinth conjures up a host o f memories, and reminds U3 of the distant time when Greece was the foremost nation of the world. Corinth made her name through trade. Her position on the high road of commerce be tween the East and the West was such that the richea of both poured into her markets, and she be came the emporium of the world. She soon grew to be wealthy, famous,and power ful. The city touched her The End öf the Canal Near the Gulf of Egina. IMMIII .i.i . i TI-riniTITITTTTTTffTI ' ~ The Great Cutting. highest state ot prosperity in the reign of Antigonu Gonatas, when Athens, her rival, lay in a state of utter decay. Bat while her people bought and sold, and laughed and sang, oblivious of danger, a dark storms cloud was gathering across the Adriatic, and after it had burst Corinth was deso late. Her treasures, her myriad works of art, were carried away in the train of the victorious ConBul to enrich the city of Borne; and for a century Corinth was a deserted heap of stones-a name and nothing more. Rebuilt by Julius Ca)sar-a foreign city with a foreign population-she was only the ghost and nhadow of her former self. It was sacked. In the Middle Ages she revived again as a manufacturing place of some importance, but her doom was irrevoc ably sealed when Robert Guiscard entered within her walls. From that time the town went rapidly to decay. After suffering repeated sieges it was left again, in 1834, a blackened and a ruined site. New Corinth is about three miles from Old Corinth, and is an inconsiderable town with an inconsiderable trade. The cutting of a canal across the Isthmus is not a modern idea. Periander, Alexander the Great, Demetrius Poliorcetes, Julius Ca'sar, Cali gula, Nero, and Merodes Atticus in turn proposed to cue it, but got scarcely beyond the proposal. Periander-who deserves the credit of the idea of piercing the Isthmus, in order that his triremes might steal a march upon the enemy by suddenly turning up either in the Adriatic or the JEgean Seas, feared to carry it out lest the gods should slay the mortal who was daring enough on hrs own responsibility to turn a peninsula into an island. Demetrius, on the other hand, was ap prehensive lest the waters of the Corinthian Gulf -which he was told were on a higher level than those of the Saronic-would swamp the towns of the isthmus and the islands of the neighboring bay. Nero put his imperial hand to the work, and the cutting of the canal was progressing favorably when the rebellion .in Gaul closed its prosecution. It is no shame to Herodes Atticus that where better men failed he should have done likewise. Henceforward, since the mountain would not go to Mahomet, tho latter had to proceed to the former, and so the ships of the ancients, debarred from crossing the Isthmus by sea, crossed it overland. From the town of Soboenos they were hauled up by machinery on to Pindar's " bridge over the sea," whence they were let down to the waters on the other side. "When, however, Count Ferdinand de LeBsepB successfully cut the Suez Canal, attention was called again to the feasibility and utility of join ing the Gulfs of Lepanto and of iE gina by a simi lar means. In 1881 General Thür, Hungarian, obtained from the Greek Government the concession of a right to pierce the Isthmus. This right was sold to a French company, and the year following the present Canal was begun. The capital subscribed, however, being inadequate for the completion of the undertaking, it became necessary, in 1889, to stop the works. The company was then dissolved, and a new one having been foi med in 1890, the canal was recom menced, and is now an accomplished fact. It is four miles in length, 90ft wide, and its shallowest depth is 24ft. It is estimated to have cost over 60,000,000f. It will save vessels going from the Adriatic to the Pirieus, and vice versa, a steam of 200 miles round the Morea. Greece is to be congratulated that at length, after the lapse of 25 centuries, Periander's brilliant idea has been carried out. 