CUP MEMORIES. BY AN OLD SPORTSMAN. Many sportsmen have an experience of the turf in Victoria covering its whole range, from the eta when the course was by l&t-; man's HilL Sam HolmeB, Tomboy's xider, was: at Rand wick not long ago. His choice anecdote was of the time'irLthe fifties when the little brown horse defeated the New South Wales champion, and won back for Victoria honours which had just previously crossed die Murray. It wasnotified, after the victory, that Tomboy would appear at the Princess's theatre, the old wooden building which pre ceded the present house, and they tried to drag himon the stage, bat he was obstinate, and the audience was disappointed. John Orr, who owned and sometimes rode Tomboy in the orange jacket afterwards identified with Tait'syellow and black, drove him long in his buggy. Tomboy-was the crack of The Premier's progeny, foremost of the line - in cluding Mormon and Flying Jib, the rival sire in those days,being Dolo, with his Alma and Flying Colours. Mr. George Watson. the starter, recurs to mind first, as one examines the links of the bhain. His tall figure, square above and tapering below, is just that Which the writer remembers of the poet Gordon, walking off the Flemington course with his little wife, after winning two steeplechases-in one day. With what nerve ifr. Wateon has stood many a time in front of 25 or. 3D Cap horses and dropped the red Hag, the line seemirig to rush over him like a Wave breaking on the shore. But he always has his eye on a gap to pop through the moment they spring for ward upon him. Mr. Watson, as a master of houndjt, belong to the school of Assheton Smith 'and the liev. Jack llussell, with the Leicester worthies. Gordon was a typical horseman, lieavy above. and light below, with wrists like iron. - He was clean built,' and, like a judiciously-trained horse, had not an ounce on him that was^not wanted. He conld spout Shakspeare and Tennyson by the mile, and was never happier tlian when cantering along a bnsh. road, giving his favourite poets tongue; . He was very quick with his hands. One evening, in Company with some friends, he had paid five shillings admission to a fencing saloon jkept by a Fienchman named Duchai'auer. Gordon had a bout with him at foils, but the professor pinked him wherever he named. " You box, eh T asked Duchai'auer. " Just a little," answered the poet. Thepairset to work, and monsieur thought he could do with the gloves as be had done with the foils; " Mind ze eye," he said, squaring up and feinting, " mind ze eye." Gordon slung out his left, and down went the professor, with the blood spurting ont at a tare rate. He sat up on the floor, looked at his antagonist- with a puzzled expression, and pointing to his bleeding nose, asked plain tively, ''What you call xisX" "I don't know/' said Gordon.' " What do you call it ?" and then, remembering the five shillings he had paid for ad mission, quoted Shakspeare: '.'Crowns won by blood must be by blood maintained." John Tait had a peculiar walk, caused by the almost dancing-master manner he had of , turning out his toes. was made up of " dianicterifiticbits," snch as a tiny jet black < moustache, and goatee beginning at the under lip and curling under the chin, a yellow-and- ' black necktie (his colours), broad-brimmed white hat, and square-toed boots. After he won the Cup two years running with The Quack and The Pearl, the public began to look upon ' him as invincible. He was tlie hero of the story of the rider ^jid the horse's tooth scarf pin. "It's old Yellowboy's tusk, Mr. Tait. I thought I'd have it mounted just to remem- ' ber him by." The veteran looked at it lor a moment, and then, with a twinkle in his . eye, said, "Did you pull him as hard as that?" If one were to confine himself to the pure record of the winners of great races, Etty De Mestre would appear to be the man most entitled to be callied the general of the Aus tralian turf. But, nnlike Captain Machell whom an admiring Irishman dabbed the " rale ginerat of the tarf," after the gallant captain had led back the Grand National winner for the second year in succession the owner and trainer of Archer, Tim Whitfler, and Galatnia was not a successful turf financier, despite his many successes, De IfesUe was not & good -'business " man as far as his own interests were concerned. He -was -too open in giving others the benefit of iiis km»Wledpre "bf' the capabilities of the blatk ahdfcllljlaik crocks. TJiose to whom he impanedjfcis j^di^ ^fonuation profited by it, ariilUwhenvthe d«y bf£he race came roandlim&niMyj;&lB; often^ta, price' which tate. In this way vTer^ta crack ^on without doing his. o»W^i <jaacir Rood. I Those , who me in.ahjs confidences never had any «ii^te>/«>r t)i? owner resent ingtheir interference awi-Scratching. If he copld not get on at the prjce which most owners insist upon as a xitfht, well fend good, he accepted the position and ran hift horse forttiee take. And no jhari trbd theda'ngerou^ paths ortiie'i^ fdrmlc^ aod left'd with a better reputation. The blaok flag of Tenara was as respected as it ms feaied, «a>d the pity Is that in the winter of life the rnan who wpn so many of^^KKbtpritea should have nothing but tliq i^ll^tion M ? Bis ipsat triumphs to ^cdaQp Jtiui dechnhjgyears, JStty DeSMfes%e hwJ a mo re essential-know ledge of hop3es Q*,n|»i8 Ityrat XodR«'.riv^ lohn Tut. who. uwity8pas^ t(s the Dio ti«maiy-i" Tait .was(i. JoBrniJ^nnUliwU' W iii life,and hiB trainers, inidjockeys never credited him with more tbap.a miraculous ^p!.<3ap*ain'6jai»i»h> W«w* %, wie«v,*n same nwifeeM; 4Ht i»*feotilar invewH^fM «*e j<i|WilpA09 the untfeistap&i;****1 ?* sundry experts** about the same time, rasa great inventions do-it grew op, so to speafc A majority of the best horses or theiastSD years have won the Cop ; fwywhile each as Fishhook, Fireworks; First King, fiufebiai Dagworth, Trident, and Commotion tue oM ,i of the roll-call, some of them jmil iiiiminfl. the great prize, othert, such a* Atrim Lantern, The Barb, Tim Whiffler, Don Jnfttv, Chester,.. Briseis, Grand Flaneur, Martini Heniy, Malua, andCarbine, appear in .the famous list. Indeed, a large majority of the best are there, and including tlioee we name as the first three. The winning outsiders arenot many. Theyinclude Tory boy and Zuln, which one takes to be the two worst, with Wollomai, Ilarricot, Darriwell, Duulop, The Assyrian, Arsenal, Sheet Anchor, as others to which the \ ictory is gradgeri, though we are far from admitting that all these are indifferent ones. Archer sneaked off th$ first Cup, and snatched the-seoond, so that» as with the intercolonial cricket matches, New South Wales began with a burst. This may explain the poorness of the field in Banker's year, when Victoria had a throw-in. One almost fancies the Cup would have been dropped, had New South Wales been again triumphant. Lantern was a great horse, and Maribyrnong was illuminated in joy that year, while it was difficult to persuade the general public that this-son of Muscovado, from the Fishers' stable, was not a Fisherman. The. fight l>etween luuic (a sterling horse; which lias left many a worthy son) and the outsider RK}' Toryboy was a memorable event, one oj seven great events only that the outsider with the lightweight won. The other six were Car' bine's; winning the Melbourne Cup, The Barb's winning die Sydney Cup, Nimble foot's Melbourne Cup win.Glenloth's win, Haricot's win, and Rosebud's Metropolitan. When The Barb won there was,;for the lint time, a real all-round feeling of satisfaction; Mel bourne did not grumble over the yiatoiy of Sydney and the success of Tait. The BjMjs Demon lived long after. He had burst intjg view like a blazing star, and though you cannot say he went up like a rocket .and came down like the stick, he was a woful stud disappointment. .Xuiu, son of his brother Barbarian, won a lluky Cup, coming in dead lame. When we last saw The Barb under saddle he was, perhaps, 1G years old, cantering down the Collins-street Block, ridden by Mr. Mick Pender, as a liauktiey out for an airing. The Barb, even then, was amazingly juvenile- looking. lie carried his Hag, a: tine, . long, lowing tail, with all the pride he used to evince on the Flemington sward, while his neck was as proudly arched as ever, like that of the Gbdolphin Arabian in the pictures. Then we saw him ignominously fetched out on the tan at Kirk's Bazaar, to be offered at auction; with a ring ofmournful sportsmen gazing at him. " lias it come to this ?' .sighed " Augur.? . Uvea James. Campbell, the hammerman, who swears by the Clydesdale; alraosWlroppetl a tear in pity; as he stood-in the pulpit, and made ready to preach from Ruff* Guide. Campbell was like Sam Austin, the -gorgeous oratorio ringmaster in' Cooper and Bailey's circus. Sam used to introduce every performer with a magnilicent flourish, but when he came, to the last equestrian, he simply. ejaculated, " R-Kobin son, the Champ-ion!" So with Jimmy Campbell. lie shut the bible-we mean Riiff-and exclaimed, " Gentlemen-this 13 The Barl)j" Yes, there The Barb .was, clothed in a redruj» which was pulledoff, making bare all the qualities which the scribes could only sum up in their favourite phrase, " The gamest little horse that ever looked through a bridle." ? lie was passed m, at something over 309 guineas, and it is said, he went mad-no wonder. But this was .not so low down as the case of that phenomenon the little hollow-backed, brow n Marquis, who ran -second to Cac&ctacus; for the -Kpsoov Derby. We saw him on his last tegs put up to auction after a bIIOW by Mr. Yuilleatthe old yards of the National Agricultural. Society, St. Hilda. togcL lie was knocked down at a little over 20 guineas. In past days owners and -trainers had to contend against the wicked designs -of the nobbier. Homes may still .fall victims to pencil-fever, and occasionally there «re rumours of the jockey of a favourite -being* bought, but within the .last SM years there is only one fairly authenticated case of a public idol being robbed of his chance through die agency of the poisoner, and this was in 1876. when Newminster was undoubtedly tampered with. When the Fishers were trying to take the place which Mr. James White occupied later on, they undoubtedly had to. contend, against foul play in its most virulent form. Some day perhaps we may know the true story of wha* happened to Fishhook shortly before that Champion Race for which he was so heavily backed after winning the treble in Sydney in the aatumn of 1836. Mr. William Filgate, who ruled at Maribyniong in those days, was too. honest and unsuspecting to cope with ineachery, as it seems . to have lieen occasionally practised in those days. When, the conversation (urns upon Fishhook the old man's eyes even now will light up with enthusiasm as he tells of the trials the great son of Fisherman showed han at Maribyr nong. The idea of The tiarb being his superior at any time he utterly scouts. , And then the grand old sportsman, "will full to muttering about the foul schemes resorted to by his idol's enemies for «i compassing his; downfall. He will tell with sorrow of how ; lie and his favourite winteced at Hob&itville; with Mr. Town prior to the A-J.C. Derby of 1866, and how. attertioing a poind g&Hop; tor that race, the librae went to Sydney, anil was beaten sot only by TheBaHvbut by Bytong < as well, the Victorian crack only just beating the modente itlair Athol for third plnoe,; Afterwards'it uraatound-that something 'was t wrong, ftehhook took a bitter revenge: on hi® . opROnenta in. the autumn, and > then, before his next bij* race came on, he: was «ttcfcked with that mysterious oilmeit which pructicaiiy^nded his *urf career. Mr.' Fiigate has declared to the writer that he knows the historyofc Fish hook's truin. "I wag seat focj" he *iys, "byaiuan well: known on the turf ia those days, i found him -on his deathbed, and, under promise of secrecy, he revealed to «ne the *ntxte woridngs of the plot. Most ot j£life«fctori in this villainy are dead," he aigtw f*«d' i have sever broken the ptotnioe give& to«ty<dyin^ informant.4', Mr. Fiigatesmaanafeiitrur rideroUhetrueat. bind, la btaiiml, where he ^vas an intimate . oft" thejwtmnal," ih?Ot>i*i*>G*ptain H. 3.: Ro^amjwBocywastQft^MisiiMrhimtotake when* qiettd wanted, hi mtoride. After< wands,' when he caaie to Anatadia, he was - still t&tiaeaoanaw;&iQt; hSsfrienda, an&fau; Ifclfcoip Hawfeet; olDaBgaaee, he otwa ; look off nearly four stone iu a fortnight 40 / ride iB-a Uee^teohase.] Sach ?umelfish mefc caAnothcneaofaasporon theturf,attd aftar> a««Mee^AbM*we»tr jeaia la.ViMoria*w ipass the rtwriaiM-» o^hWircNbt hating had . tarteaiai fcoutageous enough to say a word in favour *>f W. fi; Gladstone or Home Rule. In ap |t<u>n tn Inn not changed for the worse jrince (Jlenormiston, his last goodhorse.was to the! fore.. Those peculiar corkscrew csrhiakers do.not get bertrnd the iron-grey stage, and he can still boost that he has never had a day's illness that was not caused l>y a fall from a horse. Tory boy's Cup of 1865 was more in teresting to lasmanians than any of its predecessors or successors. Of the 23 competitors in that year the little island had 110 less than eight representatives, counting Panic, who, after his victory in the Cham pion Race at LaunceBton, was purchased by a Victorian sportsman, and ran in the late .Mr. P. Dowhng's name and colours. The eight horses were Panic, Cadland, Poet, Minstrel, Songster, Ellen, Jule-cum-Sneezer, and Mahratta. The northern part of the island w.is represented by Panic, Cadland, Ellen, and Mahratta. In those days railway travelling was unknown, and as a conse quence northern horses had to walk to Laun ceston, from which port they were shipped to Melljourne. Mr. John Field, of Cal Btock, near Deloraine, about 30 miles by the main road from Lauuceeton. relied on Mahratta, a fine upstanding bay colt, by Boiardo from Blink Bonnie, to win him the coveted prize. Mahratta was ridden by Paddy Gill, then in his prime, but now bent with old age, and it will interest and please old Tasniiinians to learn that Patrick now occupies the responsible position of equerry in-waiting to Mr. George Watson at all race meetings where he acts as starter. But Mahratta got no nearer thau seventh in the frace, neither did he ever shine on the race course. Mr. Wm. Field, who won the Champion Race at Launceston with Strop in 1866, had two representatives, Cadland and Ellen; the former was ridden by H. Chifney, who now trains Hartington and other horses at Flemington, and whose son is one of the leading lightweights of the colony. Ellen was steered by It. Winters, who owned a useful horse named Living stone. Two sons of the deceased are now in Victoria, and both have adopted their father's profession. Natty Sam "Waldock had the mount on Minstrel, a horse that was sup posed by southerners to be equal to Panic. A match between the pair for a laree stake was made, but the gelding was paid forfeit tor on account of ijl health. Jule cum Sneeser was a bay gelding, at one time owned by the late Mr. R. Lyall, landlord of the West bury Inn, West bury, asmall township about 22 miles from Launceston. Mr. Lyull sold Jule to Mr. F. Hobson, a well-known Victorian sweep-promoter. The departure of Jale-cum Sneezer and his cat was quite an event in the township, causing no little stir in the ranks of juveniles, who every morning, on their way to school, met the handsome bay and his companion returning from work. Jule waa ridden by Bishop, better known as " Starchy." Mr. T. W. Field was one of the roughest of rough diamonds, but a sterling good fellow, and worshipped by his work men. Nothing pleased him better than to visifrtheirhut at night, and talk anything in the shape of sport, from cock- fighting to pitch and toss. No man was more fond of a joke, whether for or against himself, as the following instance will serve to show, and which he often related himself. In the evening of the Champion Face Day that Strop was victorious, a number of choice spirits, amongst them K. Lyall, H. D. Parr, William Field, H. -Gamble, John Field, W. H. Hence', and several others "whose hamfes are forgotten," were foregathering at fhe Bris bane Hotel. "When conviviality was'almost at concert pitch another Of the "school," who, it may be mentioned, was as deaf as the proverbial poet, walked into the room, tod insisted on taking part in the good fellowehip that prevailed by " standing "'i round of liquors. Mr. Field proposed the newcomer's health, and knowing that he could not hear a word, said, after the glasses were lifted-" You old scoundrel, here's hoping that you will be hung." i Scarcely- had he resumed his seat when Mr. rose and said, " Thank yon, ME. Field, the same to you and all your family, 6ir." I The laughter that followed is left to the reader's imagination. With two exceptions, Mr.-John Field and Mr. H. Gamble, they have all joined the great majority, and with them others who were associated in a more or less degree with old Panic and his best son, Com motion. The list is a lengthy one, and in cludes Mr. S. Black well, Mr. P. Dowling, Mr. H. Phillips, Mr. Wm. Pearson, Kelly, and Joe Morrison, but it is pleasing to note that "Bruni" (Mr. George Brown, of The Austra lasian), the importer of Panic, is still with us. Mr. John Fiela, who mast be well over three score years,still pursues his favourite pastime of breeding racehorses, and no keener judge or master of pedigree can be found in Aus tralia. Mr. Field's ambition would be reached could he produce just "one more" Maine, Stockwell, Coronet, or Blink Bonny. That lie may do so is the wish of his many friends. Tim Whiffler's win in 1867 was another notch for Sydney. So far the Victorian record was shy, with only Banker, Lantern, and Tory boy against Archer (twice), The Barb, and Tim Whiffler, though we ran The Barb close with that rattling hone Exile, so un fairly treated. - Three Tim WbiiBers have figured in Australia-De Mestre's, Craig's, and the English sire who produced Briseis and Sybil, thewonderful fillies of one year ?wry like what Grand Flaneur and Progress were later, so that Sybil or Progress would nave breastodthe tape for everything but for their having the ill luck to be bora in. the same year with Briseis or Grand Flaneur. Sydney Tim.fras not fashionable to look at, his wiry build, you feltyou were in W presence of a winner. Only one man thorough!y knew how to handle him-Dris c61l-though Donnelly used vainly to imagine he had thesecret _ * In 1868 Tait saddled the chestnnt Glencoe in idle -paddock with his own hands, and again the victory went to Sydney. Such New Sooth Wales sins as Sir Hercules and New Waihor lorded it. When be bad more than one m a race, Tait used to indicate which he landed by putting the rider in yellow jacket, rbUok cap; while the horse to cat out the rasning would oariy a black jacket, yellow cap-& variation which would, apparently not be permissible nowadays. An owner cdpld then name one horse to win, if he liked, and hold back the other-a privilege Jnot allowed in ihese days, when every oom torm ugt dohis best. By the way, in The 's year if waa -the horse carrying the lacket that a^L-and thehone cariy eyellow jacket <r/rrhua) that «ame in Tait did hdt always knowwhioh J$70oocurTed the mos£ A bM ppp to date, that between -Xopdog, owned by Cicir, *ten _ isf at $00 to 1. beat his iwm unrivalled in taun ||#pde JOaks life Mlwrttrinerhasbeen mmm with * euy. The second place he obtained with Romula j was even mbre ertditabloio hisaWill than the win of Briseis, . who .was a. .wonder, good enough to win anything- Again, gee what he did. with Mermaid. We fiod it recorded that Pearl and Zulu were Cup winners about which 100 to 1 could liave been obtained before the start. What a dismal chronicle is that of the Cup favourites, and where they finished. The mere fact of a horse being the favourite would seem to be 10 to 1 against his winning, if one takes the whole Beries of Melbourne Cups. The win ning favourites can be reckoned up on one hand by a man who has lost a finger. Savanaka, whom Chester just beat by a head, was another cause of sadness to St. Albans. The great coup, so carefully pre pared for, just failed. Probably there are two or three still surviving who believe that Lapdog beat Nimblefoot, but there has been no dispute over any other Cup finish but the one between these two. Among the stud-farms which rise to mind are Maribyrnong, St. Albans, De Mestre's Terrors, Town's Hobartville, and Bowler's, on the Mitta Mitta, in view of the snowclad Buffalo and Uogongs, where one remembers a worthy Methodist parson murmuring " Every prospect pleases," &c.; There is something mystically turfy in the very word Maribyrnong, where the Fisher man foals used to caper on the lucerne flats enclosed by the Saltwater River bend. Hurtle Fisher evidently was possessed by a resolve to dominate Flemington from thence. His dream was to attain the result afterwards accom plished by Mr. James White, reducing the winning of victories to a science ; but the fates were not so propitious as in the days of theaters, Martini- Henrys, Abercorns, and Carl yon s. Strolling over Maribyrnong not so very long ago, we were impressed with the wonderful ruins of the stables, planned by Hurtle Fisher, in addition to .the grand .range of brick stabling, wbich has been thewonderi.of ( posterity, so to speak. Mr. C.- o.4 Fisher, chairman of the V.K.C., looks back to the racing glories and visions of Mattbyrqong in the spirit with which OisraelL at Haghend&U; shortly Iwfore his death, spoke to Lord Ronald Gower, while wistfull&j;^ojring. the fire, when he murmured, after some, rfcpii^isv cences, "Dreams, dreams, dreams] -G.B. never entered cordially into Hurtle's turfy aspirations for the development of the thoroughbred. His love has ever been for the more solid Clydesdale, or the Bhorthorn, or the merino -this typical old English gen-1 tleman, a heart}- Squire Broadbrim. St. Albans-what an ideal stud farm! Our dissolving view meltB from the little screwy Saltwater River to the- saline sniffs from a broad expanse of ocean at Corio. Wilson the First laid down his galloping track not in tan or cinder, but with little white sea-shells. Maribyrnong has Fishermanis grave somewhere, and at St. Albans the honoured tombstone is that of the game little mare Musidora. . Though beaten herself in the Melbourne Cup, glory came to her in the successes of her unrivalled daughter, Briseis. We were with Wilson in the Melbourne electric telegraph office, the night before Briseis won the Cup, as he was wiring some secret to St. Albans. _ The man himself was charged with electricity. We often meet him in-Melbourne, the quiet, pen sive, retired trainer, in spectacles, and never without thinking of thatexciting night before the battle. . Magnificent as were the achieve ments of St. Albans, Wilson regarded himself as'the victim *>f rouchifi-luck. MereJy as a nJaitei of private opinion/the "writer would set it down that thw wonderful stable .went in too much for tnaBked'batteries and grand coup*. St. Albans is linked with Don Juan, in regard to whom Wilson had no mask, no mysterr. Here he was like Bismarck, when that statesman walked with Napoleon III. on the Biarritz sands, boosting how he would reconstruct , the map of Europe, while Prosper- Merimee was on the other side of the Emperor, who gently pinched his arm, with sarcastic glee. Wilson, before the Cup of 1873, took a large party to St. Albans to see the certainty. The general tone was as sarcastic as Badinguet's on Bismarck, and Wilson doubtless protested, contrary to his usual custom, because nobody would believe him. "Cart-home," says one; " Feather legged brute," another; but "Augur" quietly remarked, " They run in all shapes." The career of Don Juan is so interest ing as to bear recapitulating even at this time. Bred by Mr. John Baker, of Morialta, in South Australia, in that en thusiast's declining days, we saw him as a two year old, and adorned with blinkers, run nowhere in a selling race in Adelaide. After the meeting the late Mr. W. H. Formby had him for sale, and he came to Victoria. - It was some time before a buyer could be found, but after he had gone to St Albans Mr. J. 0. Inglis took the strong-backed and rather early-looking son of Lucifer and Levity. Then a Mr. W. Johnston came upon the scene, and became the owner of the future Cap winner. Prior to this James Wilson found out he could gallop. A small handicap at Caul field was chosen for him to appear in. This he won easily. The St. Albans stable contained other smart handicap cattle that' year, and the Cop seemed within the reach of more than one of Wilson's charge*. Bat when Horatio won the Metropolitan aoeasily the great race seemed a good thing for the Terrara hone. "The ring had lmd him hp to tbe-hitt, and at that time Joe Thompson was an important personageat/SkAlbaas. Son Juan was the instrument bywbicbHoratio's successful march was to be checked: On the first day of tfae meeting Byron's hero tnet end beat Horatio in the Eesehflon Stakes. ..Then the Cup looked good forSt. Albana.Bot,io the sight, «id so bad was the oaw tbaojjwtpp son, who had thefculk ofthe moneft'was ad vised to lay off. Mr. James Remeahi and Mr. Wilson are the best authorities on what took place between the win in the Essendon Stakes and the Cap. The illness which attacked the horse 'was a species of cold, which affected his kidneys, and day and night the owner' of Malvolio was at work with hot water and blankets endeavour ing to drive off the enemy. He succeeded, and Don Joan, with yoong .Willie Wilson in the saddle, won ty six lengths, the Terrara pair, Dagworth and Horatio, filling the places. Thompson, we -are told, stood his mosey out, and wastbe only large winner connected with the stable. On the day he won the Cap, Dpn Joan. still belonged to Mr. W. Johnston, t>ut he had been bought \ff Thompson, to bedeijviered after the raoe. Htt»ensathMis! death Ih the summer of jthe -foUowitwyear was agreat blow tg the UMwBifth/ lndmjig a gallop he overreached, and bunting one* .(be blood veesds of the heart, bled/to death. HeTene, thebrfUiafai aiMer to TheAse^rriaivmetber death under precisely flimiiat circumstances jort ^ceifcHiB to Grace finding's Csulfleild *^fitie1>ookmaker is. fit 4ds way, »Jmttress of the turf. "Bum bu took*," says Caliban to Stepbano, as the war to ftacbPioapero. Joe Thompson has often beendjeaid to descant on his agonies the tighteSbieAe Cap, and with what skill Obatka litiMdr caric&iaredfche; bookmakers in his-portraita of thev fphbmpfeoift,' fBrantibi ''Cdleman\ Josephs, 'Miller,' Green, FaRan, Goagtv Lyons, pareonic Gleniater, and so.'nanny: mote. JoeThampson's worst hit Was .oyer Chester,buthetnad£ An advertisement of it by ostentatiously paying away the crisp notes on the pavement in front of the Collins-street bank which kept his acoount. LBBoelles was a pianist and comic vocalist, able to amp both tenor and bass, and came, here witn Anna Bishop. He caricatured the opera people in the same vivid fashion as the book makers, who took hiB bitter sarcasm as com plimentary, and hong his drawings at Tatter sail's. Don Juan was Joe Thompson's immense win. Joe bnilt Don Juan House at East Melbourne out of the winnings. The writer had occasion to call there in a subsequent year. While waiting, , an opportunity was afforded to him to inspect Joe's magnificent library. The bookcase was the finest book case obtainable! in Melbourne, but it was stocked with nothingbutthegorgeously- bound volumes of Bow Bells, right from the com mencement up to date. Apparently not one volume had been touched, but they all looked better than the regulation furniture books, such as Gibbon, Fronde, and Macaulay. On this occasion Joe had been expatiating about the doings of a miraculous spiritualist tipster, one Miller, of Fitaroy, who gave Joe the correct winner of the Caulfield Cup, actually days beforehand, the name of a rank out sider. We naturally sought out this eeer, and found him at his house, diagnosing the Mel bourne Cup, as he sat at a table before a large sheet of cartridge paper, on which, " under die influence of the spirits, he kept tracing a wilderness of pencil marks. A'aa! his witches proved as deceptive as Maiweth s, and hiB guess for the Cup did not come off. At the calling-over of the list for Caulfield at Tattersall's recently, a joker who offered £100 to hal fa-crown against Strahan was picked up, to his dismay. This recalls an incident. about Joe Thompson, when The Monk ran second for the Melbourne Cup. In the course of the race he laid £1,000 to £5? egainBt that horse, and imagine ftis feelings as the leading com petitors /were coming up the straight. Wheri.Haricot won, the eyes of all on the oourse were directed to a carrier pigeon, which shot up from the grand stand, wheeled about, and then directed its bee-line flight to the homestead of Messrs. Cbirnside, at Werribee-park, with the welcome news. Turf writers must have mention. The first to make a name was, perhaps, William Levey, the " Voltigeur of Melbourne Bell's Lift. Mr. Chapman began as " Orange Blossom" in the same paper. Levey was a first-class amateur actor, leader of the Histrionic Club, which rivalled the Garrick, and his brother, Mr. J. A. Levey, worthily sus- tains: the family prestige. Mr. O. D. Carter, the present Treasurer, owned Bell's Life for a short time, and was once jubilant over tip- ping a Melbourne Cup winner, when the pro- phecies of the "Man in the Ditch," "Sur- cingle," and all the professionals failed. W. P. Simons, the " Ragpicker" of the sixties, used to amuse, with his jumbles of turf lore and scholarship, in the dialogues of Humb-Hug and Trotters, long after he had been secretary of the Victorian Jockey Club, an institution which combined with the older Turf Club to form the V.R.C. The greatest "character" was Dicker Hamilton (the author of Bell's Life's very fineaccountof FlyingBuck's Champion), known as "Tout Cela," "Nimrod's Ghost," &c.;, and re- membered in several colonies, more especially Tasmania, while Geelong has him in memory as an ardent politician taking a front seat in Sir Charles Sladen's meetings, always a firm supporter of the principle- " Let Uws jmhI ooatmeroe, *rti and le But leave us rtffl our cm nobility." We all hold "Augur" in affectionate memory. He has left behind a lasting and honourable memory, won by conscientious- ness, public spirit, and untiring energy. He was as much an institution of the turf as are C. B. Fisher and K. T. Barnard. Mr. Chapman rose, as many of our politicians have risen, from small beginnings, and all the credit was his own. Peter Lalor and Duncan Gillies were diggers at Ballarat; several of our Upper House squatters, past or present, began as shepherds. Chapman was originally a compositor in the Mercury office, at Hobart, and, like many of the craft, combined skill in setting type with an ardent appetite for sport. He stole down to see the horses in his spare time, and, after learning something about them, began to write occasional articles. It was long before the opening he wanted came-the position of a permanent writer- but when it did come he made the best use of opportunity. He put his whole soul into his work. He never thought he had done enough. It was a pleasure to him to write, and he could work on all day, not even rest ing on the seventh. So he gradually grew into his place, as a tree grows, and became the model for young aspirants to shape them- selves by. Very few of them, however, learnt the secret of his success, which was to do work for the work's sake. The reward came in the shape of popularity and the general recognition of his merit. He had legions of friends, and they all liked to be catalogued " Under the Elms." Bond-N.K.D.-after passing through many lightsome experiences, from digging andpoundkeeping to riding as an amateur, settled down for a time to turf- writing, and was longtime contemporary, rival, and friend of " Augur." He was a keen judge of borse flesh, and thoroughly at home in Uuf records, ? bpthehadnot thejwfiagging zeal of CW, msn, Dor wm bis entirely in thewor*. It mm happy dayfor him when he was able to give op -ja sporting editorship for the secretaryship oftheV.A.T.C., which, under his direction, veryquickly rose to prosperity and Inflnenoe. He had » unique tempera ment-manly, but geptU. His manner was ytfe^ttn-HWleM^iwertion. In the^whr and. he was Gentlemani Bond to tilt Istk Bond came of an old English family, and was proud of hie descent. He bad the slim < figurttpf the bom horseman-stiff from the, shoulders to the seat, long and light below. On the whole he lived a cheery life; but I fancy that if he had been asked what was true bappiness he would have said sitting on the back of a thoroughbred, and giving mop his head for a free gallop over the downs. Bond, if he oould have afforded it, would have kept a stud of riding horses. As it waa,after he g^ye up amateur jockeying.he, was Bwoffl seen on horseback. We all mist Bond's 'Crebt figw*, h?ad t slightly canted, asnpjr -ooimwanae, fair chestnut hair. ana sinoefe^Hdw weycMir He was a man of original idfta, ffffl vtrr nf the smallest and mOst useful of His JnJrttionB was the num bered jMdtfefdrat. ®m! U been permitted; like "Old Yuille," he mUd tow,W« * jprden of Caulfield' h jMd Cop the figures ©tm» wig*** tnrf pUlsis without being pniesskMitbr <)0(ineoted with raoiqc..; Such are fltsj dfih^kildabrongfa, Blackwood, i whosegiftof a nal gold MelbosmeCup is! well remembered, t Are there any left? Sewetary J »Ba«ot 1 jp » well-r^eaxUoned celpbrity.. Hebegap niany,sphemes, bunching them'forothers .to. .pfat the finishing touches to:Ile vrM tall and thin, like a crab-apple, all - roughness. without, and - a goad'dealof sweetness within. We never enter the V.R.C. office without fancying, somehow, that his spirit haunts the premises. We see "Augur" come up from Kirk's Bazaar, smiling and twirling his stick, to be met in the V.R.C. vestibule by Bagot, the secretary. He is in one of his tempers, his eyes glow like coal, and his attenuated face, with the somewhat prominent nose, shines like burnished copper. "Augur" is "Niobe-all smiles,'" as he pertinaciously works to extract an in- complete list of entries, with his lubricant tones. Bagot speaks in throaty snap shots, declaring it is impossible, but " Augur" at length departs, com- placently folding the required paper. Bagot had a row with the press once, over some small question of tickets. The conse- quence was that The Argys came out after the first day. of the meeting with only five lines of introduction and tne bare results. The other papers did the same. There was uproar behind the scenes, committeemen wanting to know what it all meant; then fol lowed explanations and adjustments, and the great race of the year, which came on the second day, was reported as usual, K. C. never afterwards trying to lord it over the papers. Scientific training has its Australian tradi- tions. One mee£s trainers with the ideas of Palmereton for governing the nation as little as possible, on Lord Melbourne's principle "Nothing frightens me so much as to hear people- say-something must be done." Such arguerB point to Hermit, who, it was alleged, was thrown outof training through breaking a blood-vessel, and yet won the Perby In'a snowstorm. ? Inkertuan. a Flenrington crack, came out of <3t>bb*a coach; The Barber ran well.after swimmingashoM-from the Admella wreck, The thoroughbred- mare Victoria raced after having been ridden by Morgan, the bushianger. Mr. L. L. Smith's Lady Mannera-Sutton walked off the steamboat at Port Adelaide and walked nine-miles to the Adelaide racecourse on the day she beat Lap dog for the big handicap on Duke's Day in 1867. Here are jockeys who, by fame or inspec tion, have satisfied us as artists, but please understand that the qualified render will certainly be able to insert others. Cutts, Higgerson, Aahwdrth, W. Simpson, Lang, Dnsooll, Sam Davis, Joe Morrison, Sam Wal dock, Stanley, J. Wilson, jun., T. Hales, Yeo man s, A. Robertson, P. Pigott, E. Power, E. Gorry, D. Nicholson, M. O'Brien, and C. Moore, omitting, the sieeplers. Ash worth rode Tait's Zoe, Volunteer, and other cracks,, ultimately retiring into the position of clerk of the course at Kandwick, and dying as the result of an accident last year. Thomas Hales is undoubtedly the crack among modern jockeys, and for superb judg ment he has probably never had a superior in Australia. All jockeys make mistakes, but Hales has made very few. " Never since I have seen him ride has he lost a race after once having it won," we once heard Joe Thompson say when descanting on Hales's excellences as. a jockey; "ana that," he went on to say, "is more than can be said for any of the others." Perhaps Hales's very finest effort was on Ensign the day he beat Carbine in the Derby; bat we oould recall countless inataaoct of races in which hia fine , judgment baa re flnlt&f; in the triumph 6f a faprae which in other- hands wodld not have thumphed. ^He hu always been handicapped-with asthma, and often when he should have been in bed tie hfcs been riding. Then he lacked the Btreufjth- of some jockeya/but in the long-' SdistaSoe irdght-for-Me rabea bf afrw years bade it often seemed'tiistitae could win on fenythiqg. His Only teal rivals forany length of tine 'tt nn1* Artistic rider were the late M. O'Brien (who, strange to say, was also a martyr toasthtala) ahd E. Power. But both O'Brien and .Power lost more raoea through mistakes than did Hales. Several stars Hashed across the horizon and threatened the supremacy of' the crack, but few of them stayed, a notable instance being Gorry, the beat light weight we have ever bad, not even excepting Nicholson, Cracknell, or Sam Davis. The Archer quality of taking any risks, na matter how desperate, was perhaps more peculiar to Power and Moore than to men like Hales and O'Brien, but as often as not it has brought them to grief. Tiny Sammy Cracknell, with a face as hairy as King Thrushbeard in the fairy tale, was in one sense the luckiest of jockeys, for he had not to "waste." The Bearded Boy, some called him. He neither lengthened nor widened-the ideal jock of that much-wasted Bob Bloater, in "Flying Scud," acted by Dick Stewart, with Harwood as Mo Davis. Cracknell was such another as the famous Tiny Edwards, of Newmarket, the pick of the basket in that teeming Lilliiputian family, whereof George IV. eulogised the prolific mother " Good gracioMJ- exclaimed .His Majesty, " how that wom«h breeds ? DAno$er Tinyl! The way Cracknell pipped his victory on Tyropean was worthy of the celebrated Ald- croft rush by whichlfcatiejnliient English jockey was distinguished. ' - And have we not a word for the handi cap per? Mr.Barnaid-tnakes one think of Chevalier Bayard, while Mr. Dakin cultivates a Dick Banaby, far-away look into futurity, with an autocratic sense of the truth of the principle too many cooks spoil the broth, if Mr. Henry Irving could make up well for Don Quixote, surely so could Mr. Barnard. A lady visitor from Riverina, sitting in one of the grandstand pews, asks us " Who is Don Quixot?" Then she asks," Who is Louis Philippe! And we reply, " Mr. Alfred Josephs." 