Circumstantial Evidence; OB THE MISSING PHOTOGKAPH. CHAPTER I. ' It is too jolly hot' to play tennis/' \- grumbled a 'boy, as bis pretty sisters, racket in hand, tried to perBuade him. to make up a set. ' Do come, Tom ; ve will let you win three times to our once.' 'Bah I who could not beat girls,' retorted Tom, who nevertheless got up at once and sought his racket. It was a sultry day in the far, far north, of Now South Wales, and the tennis court was a welcome innovation on Craigen dowie Station, where the girls were some times rather dull. The balls flew over the net merrily ; and, as Tom failed to return ? a single service, the girls soon cried exult ingly, 'Game and set. OhJ you lazy boy.' ' Lore to me, love all 's my sentiments,' recklessly said Tom, as he lay withT his racket over his face to keep off the flies. ' And very pleasant ones they are to greet a stranger,' said a voice, and they, turned, to see a stranger alighting close to the court — a pleasant-looking, decidedly handsome fellow. They had not heard his horse's footsteps, because the rider had chosen the turf-clad pathway in preference * to the road. He advanced hat in hand under the trees and said, ' I am Eric dive, and have brought an introduction to Mr. Anderson from Jim Barton, my late manager.' ??? On, we are very glad to see you, Mr. Clive. Father is out,, but will soon be home. Won't you send your horse to the stable,' courteously said Edith, who was a very fair sight to the tired traveller. ' Thanks. I will be glad to change my things and freshen up a bit.' ' Let me carry jonx valia«»,*f said Tom, as he whistled for Beuben to take Mr. Clive* s horse. Tea was laid in the arbor, where the peaches and apricots hung temptingly within reach, and the creepers, with their scarlet and white bells, shaded the party, while scenting the place with fragranee. Eric Clive thought he had fallen on to a bed of thornless roses after his recent backblock experiences, and thoroughly enjoyed the company of two bright, pretty girls and their entertaining, teasing bro ther. , Mr. Anderson came home about 8 o'clock and very kindly welcomed Mr. Clive, saying — ' I am very glad to see you. Jim Barton says you will just suit me, and if you dance, sing, and play tennis you are doubly welcome for the girls' eake.' ??'**? Yea, we axe glad too,' said Edith aad Jessie with charming simplicity. Eric Clive soon dropped into their ways ?nd was generally liked. It was about three 'weeks after this that the mail was very late, and when it came there was no letter for Eric, so he was obliged to con tent himself watching the others open theirs. Edith was half way through a let ter when Bhe blushed up to her eyes and got so confused that she emptied the milk jug into the teapot. Eric felt he ought to help her so he said, rising — ' Shall I fetch yon more milk, Miss Edith,' but in doing so he stooped to pick np the letter which had fallen, and she grew even more uncomfortable till he went ont for the milk. \ 'Ah,' he thought,' I wish Win— I wish some girl felt like that about my letters. It might have been, once.' He would havjs^been very much surprised had he known all the confusion was over this paragraph in Mary Barton's letter- — 'A strange thing happened the other day. I was turning over some loose pictures in the album, and Mr. Clive picked np youra, saying « What -a sweet face,' so I told him he would probably meet you, »nd \- fee was very — well, I will not tell tales Oat of school. -Any way', 'when . I came home 'front a short walk I went to put your photograph in a frame, and it was gone \- completely. He must- have -put it ia the book he waa reading, or perhaps it wastove at first Bight, and ne topk.lt. , Anyway, I want that photograph, so you ask him £o* it, Edie, ox ask him where he put it,' Edith, of course, felt annoyed at Mrs* Barton's insinuations, aad she- could not ask him for the photo. It was absurd to thinVhe had it, and if he bad taken it, U would be inore painful 8idil.T ?**-'*- -' * The' days lengthened Into weeks, and the shearing was ovgx, so there w$s 3Sm* to think of a little recreatikm, and it was proposed to have a dance. w I will ride sound and hunt Hie people np,'said Tom, 'if you will let -m» take 1 Winnie Turner in to suppee,** 'Tom, you are an idiot,' Interjected Harold, the eldest brother, « Just am f* *h* would kare 70m iflcaA«0O«cl* / « Jingo, yon are another ; of course she would prefer you,' ^retorted Tom; '* any way, I won't come and stay with you when you are married.' ' So much the bettor for me.' ' Hush, boys, do be sensible and help me to think,' said Edith, and her sweet face and gentle way soon soothed the angry boys. ' ?- « .Well,*1 said Edith, « even I begin to wish something would happen. It is rather slow in the summer. I want freBh people to talk to. You are all very jolly, but after all we always talk the same old talk. Heigho, I am tired of the bush.' 'Why/* said Tom, 'if your fairy god mother did not hear you say that 1 Look, here is some one riding over to see us.' Just then two figures appeared on horse back amid clouds of red dust, and the girls put on their sun hats to meet them. ** Why, Winnie, we were just wanting to talk over the idea of a dance with you. We are so glad to see you.' 'So is Harold,' laughed Tom, as he vaulted the nearest fence. u Where did you meet Mr. Clive, and now did he know you were coming here?' ** Oh that is a long story, is it not, Eric ?' said the brown-eyed, black-haired, winsome girl, turning with a bright, sweet smile to Eric Cliv«, vrho looked very happy and con tented with all the wistful look gone out of his eyes. Edith felt the color leave her face, and a pang go to her heart, as she heard Winnie 'call him ' Eric,' and saw the smile of per fect understanding. ' «« Why, how funny,' the party chorused, ** you know each other ; why it is just the funniest thing. Where, when, and now did it happen ?' ' You shall know after tea,' Winnie re plied, laughing. CHAPTER n. The mosquitoes and sandflies made the verandah unbearable, until Tom fixed up nets to keep them away, and the family party lounged in easy chairs round Eric and Winnie, who were the centre of attrac tion. Harold was not there, as he said that ' the new calves needed all his attention juBt then.' ' It is two years Bince I first met Eric It was when I waBin London, and he was a sailor. We met often, and at last he stayed at my uncle's country house. Tbe last week of his leave came— — and you go on Eric,' said the blushing girL *' Well, we were very much in love, but I would not ask Winnie to marry a fellow as poor as I was, so I went to sea without saying a word. But It was a case of * true love,' for the way did not run smooth; but you see, when I met Winnie cantering along here, I was so taken aback that 1 nearly let her pass me by. Well, girls, congratulate me, the long deferred question haB been asked and answered, and I am so happy.' .There was much' nagging, many good wishes, and muca surprise at this romance in their usually quiet lives. Two hearts ached with disappointment that night at Craigendowie, for Harold and Edith Anderson had both in nocently enshrined an idol that had to be cast down . and trampled on. Edith grew pale and restless and her father wanted to eend her away, but she would not leave the place where she could see Eric day by day. Harold was wise enough to wrench the foundations of his idol away when it fell not to be built again, and went to an out station as overseer. One Sunday morning Eric and Winnie had juet ridden over and sat down under the cool green leaves of the bananas to rest. Tom had gone for a volume of Tennyson belonging to Erie. «« I wonder if you have cared for any other girl since you last saw me ?'. u No,' decidedly said Eric, ** you are the only one whose photo and letters I have kept for a single day. Is that what you want me to say, Winifred,' ' You dear boy,' was all she replied, and Tom's return stopped further remarks. - ** Was 1 long enough?' he inquired. 'I muddled round your room looking at pictures and things, thinking you would like to be alone a bit !' ' Thank you, Tom ; you were not a bit too long.' And off he went with a wafted caress to Winnie. 'Let us read the farewell between Arthur and Guinevere, Eric j how could she deceive so great a man ? Why did she pretend to lore him? It was an insult;' ' Yes, Win j there is no greater insult than that. Do you know, those words, * I could not love thee, dear, so much, loved I not honor more,' are just the best rule of life I know.' The book slipped to the ground, and from the open leaves fell a- photograph face upward. It was the face of Edith Anderson. Winnie's heart nearly stoppod beating as she picked it up and read on~the back, 'To my dearest and best friend, from Edith.' - _ - . . . 'Oh Eric, Eric, how could you, after all you have said. Erie Clive, I did not think you could do this,' and she sank back crushed a»d heartsick* for everything pointed to his faithlessness. ' Winnie, darling, it is all a mistake, I cannot think how it got there, really——' ** Stop, do not make matters . worse. I suppose you never r»ad ..« Tennyson * , with her beside you — never cared for her, never —*—?*' -?? ' ? ?' * ?__. .-.'-** I neve* did, I swear I '——*». ' Don't, let me go ifr.Glive, I did believe in your words once, but now you seem to Ue^so easily j&at; truth must be quite a aoveltr, Qood afternoon,' and she walked wearily away. Edith passed soon after, and seeing Erie with his head bowed on Mb arms in an attitude of utter distress, Winnie walking stiffly away* without her hat, and the photo, her photo, lying 'beside the book, guessed jalL But forgive her, she 'was young smTf air, and' eared for a man who loved another. Bhe went by unseen and did not give Erie Clive the letter from Mrs. Barton that would have solved the mystery of the photo being In Ms book. Winnie west^home at once, and Eulth offered no explanation, although Winnie's sorrowful eyes seemed to pierce Into her mind as though to read some exotisa for her lover'e apparemt deceit. *« If 1 camwt win him now 'they are parted,' thottghi fifiih, 'then I will tall all, but at present he is mine as much as hers. Q, Eric Clive, why did I ever see jovl% but I have my- chance.' About a month paBBed slowly by and four people wereyery miserable, all through a mistake. Perhaps the most unhappy one was the girl who felt that but for the accident of a photo slipping into a book, and a few laughing innuendoes from a friend, -she would not have stepped from the pedestal of true, pure womanhood, as she knew she had done; A few words from her and two people would be intensely happy, and she would be far, far happier for doing her duty, even if it cost her a little suffering. Pride helped her, for she knew where Eric's heart was. v Just as Edith arrived at this conclusion a horse galloped wildly past her window, and she looked up wondering who could be riding like that. She ran outside, for the horse was Eric Olive's, and it was riderless. 'Tom,' she called, «* Reuben, father, -where axe you all f' but her voice received no reply. ' Poor old Cavalier, where did you l*ave your master ?' and, aB she stroked the shivering horse with the foam-flecked nos trils and scared, dewy eyes, she noticed for the first time that a tiny trail of blood dropped from his shoulder. It flashed through her mind in. an instant that Eric must have been injured by one of the bullocks and thrown. She knew the frequented parts of the ±un, and* follow ing the trail Cavalier had left, she rode off, supplied with stimulants and bandages* like the brave girl she was. At last in a deep defile, where the rush ing creek tOBsed about between boulders and logs, after dimpling over the expanse of a meadow, she found Eric, ap parently dead. ** Poor boy,' she murmured, as she put his head on her knee and carefully attended to a gash on his head. Then she saw his arm was badly, hurt, and made a rough splint^as all the girls had learnt to do when last in Brisbane. After pouring some brandy down Eric's throat he half opened his eyeB and whispered faintly, but bo tenderly— *- Winnie, it is all right now, dear,' and closed his eyes contentedly. Poor Edith, how her heart ached. After all her struggle and brave help she was not to be appreciated. He thought only of Winnie. After making him as comfort able as possible she knelt beside nim one moment and kissed him once — only once — and no one would ever know- — he would think it was 'Winnie. She rode off to Winnie's home to fetch her to stay beside her lover while she got help. At the 'Valley' all the men were out but one, so while Winnie went to Eric Edith hurried round to get men and a stretcher. Before the girls parted Edith told the story of the missing photograph, and how she had been tempted, saying — ' Winnie, will you forgive me for not speaking before ? Indeed, he has never made love to me.' 'Yes, dearie, I fully forgive, for I know he loves me, but—' 'Even the best of friends are jealous over a man,' smiled Edith, even while her heart still ached. ' Yes, but I was very foolish, too.' Help was soon procured, and the hurt man was taken to the ' Valley,' as the nearest place to the scene of the accident. The invalid progressed favorably with the aid of Dr. Jackson, Edith, and Winnie, and the convalescent days were very happy ones for the lovers. Edith told Eric what Mrs. Barton had said in her letter about the picture, and he replied, ' To be sure, what a fool I was. I recollect slipping the photo into a volume of * -Tennyson ' to mark a favorite $art of Winnie's and mine.' 'Will you forgive me, Eric,' asked Winnie, ** for doubting you.' ' Only on condition it never occurs again,' he said with mock gravity. ' What a fortunate accident this was, for I meant to go right away without asking for any explanation.' ' You silly boy to think I could cease loving you. Fancy all this trouble through * a missing photograph.' The literary world seems threatened with another controversy on the subject of the author ship of t.e ' Letters of Juntas/' The last time that the matter received one of these periodical stirrings np, to which it has been liable for over a century, was some 20 years ago, when freBh light was thrown upon it by the minute observations of a greatexpert in handwriting, who had examined the JuniuB manuscripts. His testimony did not aid much towarda the positive identification of the famous political writer, but at any rate it was rather destmctive of one claim for which pre viously there had been rather strong- evidence. It was to the effect that the handwriting of Junioa was not, as had often been asserted, the handwriting of Sir Pnilip Francis. It has now been suggested that Oibbon might have been Junius — if it is not indeed the repetition of a' rumor which was current in the historian's own day, and which included his same among the many which wereassociated with the authorship of the mysterious epistles that so excited the curiosity of the English-reading world. In like manner the notion that the great Earl of ChathAm was ' Junius0 is being mooted again, a notion which, on the whole, is more credible than that which would identify th« celebrated correspondent of the Public Advebti:skb, with the author of the ' Decline and Pall of the Eomaa Empire.' Aafcley'a Amphitheatre, London, lately ganger's Circus, is about to disappear. It dates from the laefe quarter 01 the 18th century, Its originator, Philip Astley had been a trooper. He first opened a sert of riding school. A service which Tw~ happened to render George 'III. while on horseback procured fix* a licence for equestrian entertaifimettte, to which others of a partially dramatic character were added by-and-bye. The establishment during Philip Aetley*B lifetime waa twice burned down. He died in 1814, and was succeeded by his son, who in turn yielded his sceptre, or rather his whip, to Ducrow, who after long 'witching the world with noble horemanship,' took his final gallop with .the rider of the pale steed in 184L The novels of Dickens and Thackeray —as may be -said of most of the light literature of the first feftlf of this century — contain many allusions to Astley's. One of the most noted of all its productions was 'The Battle of Waterloo,' with Mr. Gomersal as Napo leon. To people of this generation the name of that ©nce-distanguiefae'a' monarch of the sawdust will be familiar only through the medium of the yat-unforgotten 'BoA faultier Ballade/* where he is introduced in a clever imitation of tbe ring ing stanzas of Lodrfcattfet translations of the ancient Spanish fea&adis.; 'The^MidnigM ViMt ' of -the ghostof Napoleon to Lord Castlereaghends^ it may be remembered, with the ghost dropping a paper and vanishing — ? -tfBa passes tftraBg&J6ied--Qr;— '*Wm it* phnntom, or umaoi w» standing «m the floor? Aad conia that be the Emperor th*i moved feefoxe &v; *y6s? Ah,yes»tooBtixeitwaglrimBe]f,4k-rh«re thejeperlisal' Witt tramfeliiu bscd Irfttd Casttereagk nnaidiihetfrystaa / scroll, With giasgy sje* 4ma$g& to mod, for lota was on ki* jffbse* here— « JLfe Aattey*««veiryiiigbt- the jtfay «K *&». ^ag^g grill* 