Vosz Insurers Crmriet. FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1893. Thoughtful, men of all parties will probably be of opinion that the state of mind exhibited by the Ulster men in view of Irish Home Rule can only be described as unreasoning frenzy. The present month opened with a mass meeting in Belfast of fifteen thousand, who pledged themselves to opposition with genuine Irish enthusiasm. A few days afterwards there was hold another meeting of equal proportions, at which the audience took public and solemn oath upon the Bible to resist vi ch arms. On the sixth a great prayer meeting, comprising Episcopalians, Presbyterians, "Wesleyans, was held in Dublin to invoke the arresting hand of Almighty God and it was announced that ten thousand Irish Unionists, since reduced to a modest seven hundred, would shortly mobs the channel to rouse the Protestants of England. Presently the women of historic Londonderry to the number of 6000 men to emulate the deeds of their maternal forbears by protesting against submission to Home Rule. The Grand Master of the Belfast Orange- men declares that he represents 600,000 fighting men in her Majesty's dominions and twenty thousand Orangemen of Canada have proclaimed that they will join cause with their brethren of Ulster in the contemplated resistance. The movement is being supported by a special meeting of the General Synod of the Church of England ; strange to say a number of leading Irish Catholics support it and invite their brethren to do likewise ; while the money test is more than satisfied in the amount subscribed as sinews of war. "What value is to be attached to this agitation? Two things press themselves on the impartial observer; the one that there exists no rational ground for the alarm of the historian; and the other that if there did they exhibit it after a sadly irrational and inconsequent fashion. The question of the sufficiency of the guarantees offered in the Home Rule Bill for the protection of minorities is too complicated to be discussed fore. But outside of the bill, or of any bill that can be framed, there exists a guarantee immeasurably stronger than the Statute-book. It is not conceivable that the British people of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries should tolerate serious oppression of religion or of caste on the other side of the Irish sea, To resurrect, as Ulstermen do, the terrible scenes which from Bitch causes have been enacted in Ireland in past centuries, Catholic versus Protestant and Saxon versus Milesian, is to frighten the lieges with a ghost which will never again bear the light of England's growing (lay. Or to point to the distraction of Canada, worse divided than is Ireland alike by race and by religion, by way of justifying the frenzied opposition of the Ulstermen, is to forget that Britain will never permit in neighbouring Ireland what she permits in distant Canada, and that even Canada has not suffered what the Ulstermen anticipate in Ireland. On the other point of the childishness of the attitude assumed it were able to dilate. That a section of the population of Ireland, how ever backed by sympathisers in other lands, should successfully defy the power of the British Empire is too ludicrous to be seriously entertained. It is indeed impossible to believe that they contemplate an actual brush with British power. What they do look for more or less consciously is that the British Government will desist from their purpose of establishing Home Rule in Ireland rather than direct their arms against a not unimportant section of the Irish people. It is precisely here that the value of the agitation Bros. The alarm of the Ulster men may be irrational, and their attitude childish ; but it is neither reason nor manly intelligence that has maintained the pro tracted movement for some Rule. If the question be asked whether Ireland deserves or requires Home Rule, a moiety only of the supporters of that measure would answer in the affirmative The real reason for its adoption by Mr. Gladstone and the Liberal party is that Ireland insatiable demands it. The Ulstermen have by no means a monopoly of unreason. Compared with the speeches, the protestations, the demands, the doings of the various parties who go to make up the Irish supporters of Mr. Gladstone in Parliament, the procedure of the Unionists is that of common-sense. The greatest difficulty with which the Liberal chief has been called to contend in conferring on Ireland the supposed boon of automatic Government has been raised by Irishmen. Conditions of support have been laid down, such as that of the release of the so-called political prisoners, of which the intelligence of the Government could not possibly approve, but to which they have stooped as another sop to the Irish Cerberus. As if to humiliate the Government to the utmost Irishmen have seized the prospect of Home Rule as an encouragement to lawlessness, and have not had the patience to wait for the measure before reinstating the notorious Plan of Campaign. It would seem as if the last thing the Government had asked from Ireland, or looked for in the demands made by the Irish party, was a solid foundation in reason for the course it was proposed to adopt. Why then ask reason from Ulster The opposition of the North is a fact as much as the insistence of the South and West, and as a fact it must be dealt with.. Based on reason or unreason it becomes a motor in the case. It cannot be overlooked that the North-east of Ireland is the seat of the industrial enterprise which keeps the nation afloat, and makes her of importance to the mother-country. Already it is said the value of the Great Northern Railway has declined by half-a-million of money, while securities generally now tend upwards through indications of Ulster's success. Weighty deputations representing the banking and commercial interests of Leinster and Munster have sought an audience with the Government for purposes of expostulation. Mr. Gladstone has refused to see them ; but it does not follow that he has been uninfluenced by thorn and there can be no doubt that the party in opposition has been strengthened by their representations. Nothing is more likely than that the remonstrances of Irish capital, not to speak of Irish Protestantism and industry, have encouraged Lord Randolph Churchill to offer his services to Mr. Balfour, and have induced Mr. Gladstone- to postpone the second reading of the bill, as now announced, till after Easter. It seems likely that the storm of opposition will ere that date prove itself as virulent and intractable as any that has gathered against Mr. Gladstone's previous attempts and the attitude of the men of Ulster will not be its most despicable factor. We have no desire to plunge into the South Brisbane gas v. electric light controversy, which is evidently tinctured by strong personal feeling, and is not likely to be definitively settled on its merits by newspaper discussion. For it is apparent that the electric light is making steady headway against gas everywhere. During the two years ended 31st December last the number of electric lights fixed in London had increased from 145,000 to 500,000, in Bradford from 8467 to 20,000, and in Brighton from 2572 to 10,248. It seems regrettable that at the present moment of trouble in South Brisbane the enterprising young gas company established there should have its losses aggravated by the shutting off of its public lamps and the substitution of electric lights. But as the cost to the ratepayers will not be augmented indeed will be frac- tionally lessened and an equally brilliant and more healthy light will be obtained, the public will on the whole be the gainers, a consideration which -Justifies the effect of the Municipal Council's action whatever may be the opinion of the manner in which the change was made. And, having regard to the public interest, it must be recollected that in every high flood the gas goes out and the city is left for days in darkness, a result which adds appreciably to the discomfort and loss of such visitations. It may be true that during the late floods beth gas and electricity failed to shed their accustomed beams upon North Brisbane, but the electric light was quickly restored, and by shifting the engines and dynamos to a higher level a repetition of its shortcomings may be avoided. The gasworks, however, cannot be removed, for the manufacturing and distributing centre must be placed at a low level. This consideration in favour of the electric light is important, and should be allowed weight in estimating the relative merits of the rival illuminants. There is reason to believe that a powerful electric light installation in the immediate neighbourhood of the Roma-street railway station would even in those times furnish a profitable investment for capital and it would certainly be of manifest public advantage. So situated it would be out of the reach of all possible floods, and, commanding cheap coal, it would earn good profits while providing the city with a pure, brilliant, and economical light. And if arrangements were made for the distribu- tion of electrical power as well as light its uses would be largely increased. Perhaps nothing tends more strongly to promote manufacturing industries than power simply and inexpensively applied and therefore, with electrical energy effectively distributed all over Brisbane, a new element of stable prosperity would undoubtedly be supplied. The cheapest of all power is that obtained from a copious and unfailing stream of water delivered naturally by gravitation that boon Brisbane Cannot command ; but our city is endowed with 1¡hé'',iíoxt best thing-an unlimited supply of coal obtained at a cheaper rate than any other capital city in Australia can got it. With steam coal delivered at the boiler furnaces for seven shillings a ton, only' suitable machinery and good management would be requisite to provide the city with the best possible light, and the most easily applicable kind of power, at extremely moderate charges. What is possible for North Brisbane is equally within the reach of South Brisbane on the face of it, therefore, the experiment resolved upon by the South Brisbane Council must be doomed to be made in strict harmony with the public interest. In another page will be found a con- densed report from the London Times of an inaugural lecture delivered at Westminster on 2nd February last by Mr. W. H. Preece, as its president, to the institution of Electrical Engineers. Among other statements made by this unimpeachable authority! was that which declares that the cost of producing electrical energy is steadily coming down ; so much so, indeed, that " if a full load could be maintained during the whole twenty- four hours electrical energy could be manufactured for one third of a penny per supply unit, equivalent to gas at 2d. per 1000 cubic feet. " The poten- tiality of economy in electric lighting," says Mr. Preece, " is thus beyond the dreams of the gasman." This calculation no doubt gives the theoretical cost ; but there is reason to believe that with the most modern appliances it would be quite possible to produce and deliver electrical energy in Brisbane at the equivalent of one half the lowest price of gas over current in the city, or one-fourth the charge at present made. The installation must be of course on a large scale, and it could not be safely undertaken without fresh legislation, having regard to the interests alike of promoters and consumers. The Brisbane Gas Company tried to obtain an enabling Act from our Parliament a year or two ago, but met with a sharp repulse. It is, however, the duty of Parliament to pass a general Act, about which there ought to be no difficulty with the experience gained of the restrictive Imperial Statute of ten years ago, and with the assistance afforded by the committee which sat this week in Sydney in connection with the approaching intercolonial conference. It may be mentioned that in any Act passed here a clause should be inserted empowering the local authority to purchase the installation j on the terms prescribed in the charter or j constructing order granted to any private! company. The City Council cannot possibly ' venture upon the enterprise at present, but were it once started and proved successful the time should not be distant when the entire plant and appliances might be advantageously municipalised. Nothing is so suggestive in modern times as the scientific way in which we fight the flames. To America belongs the credit of initiating a system that has placed the warfare upon a basis of certainty and speed. With electricity as a servant, the movements of a fire brigade are accelerated in a way that would have made our cautious grandparents hysterical and the safety of a great city is now as much cared for as a State in modern Europe by its standing army. Nero would have been more than delighted to set Rome on fire for the pleasure of fiddling to the work of a modern steam engine, though the development of life saving as a branch of fire raising would not have pleased him, But the fire demon is being watched and | chained by other methods than the physical | union of metal and water. Fire insurance companies have been always ready to secure any and every possible way in which to forecast their possible losses and to gauge their ricks. Every block in the city is fairly summed up by them as regards the material and structure of the buildings composing it but so far no professional survey has been made to set out on special plans the exact description of material and method of construction in every case. To meet this Mr. E. Oliver Jones, C.E., of Sydney, has carefully surveyed the city of Brisbane, and has prepared structural fire insurance plans which show in accurate detail the character of party walls, whether fire-proof or not, and their extent ; the materials of construction from roof to collar of the buildings ; the exact position of windows and lanterns; and the relative position of all exits and entrances. The map of any given block is drawn to scale, so that the superintendent of the Fire Brigade may direct the battle against a fire that has broken out as confidently as Von Moltke fought in the Franco-Prussian war with the details of the country laid out before him. Sydney and Melbourne have been so dealt with, and with signal advantage, so that similar work here will place us upon a level with Southern capitals. The public are interested in any work that lends assistance to fighting a public enemy. Though the first value of such a work is to enable insurance companies to average their risks more easily, its ultimate value is to place the best knowledge regarding our city blocks at the disposal of the protectors of the city. 