A REFOIlTER'iS ADVEN TURES. HOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAN WON HIS SWEETHEART. -rrHREE o'clock ill the morning is an VI/ uncanny hour the world over except at police headquarters or in the office of a morning newspaper, nnd it was in thisiatter plnce, at the hour named, thab four or five reporters, having sent in all thoir copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because bo hnd two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in," sat witli their feot on the tables and their chairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as ft was when Adam doffed his bonier nnd said "IJow d'y'do?" to Evo. Every fellow in tho crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other in all seriousness that ho should marry. " What for ?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. "Because," replied Frank, " it's tlio only proper way to live." " A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a. ml and loaving home as soon as lie got tiis 12 o'clock breakfast-." " But his wife would always know where lin woo nnrl IF elm /Iwltt'h clih'rl Irnnw wlifiro. over ho was after an item and had to be back at the office on time," remarked Charlio Smith. " Well," pub in Ciaudo, " if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you got married ?" "Can't," Baid Charlie, very positively. " Why not?" " Thundoration, man, how's a follow to buy a wholo steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stago plank 1 ' How's a mail to buy a house and lot when lie can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" " Tlinb's it," interrupted Claude ; " how's a man to do anytliirig if ho doesn't do it ? What's the matter witli marrying a rich girl?" " Where's tlio girl?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in tho church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl lias her heart set on a bus- hand and can't get him'?' Smith argued nwhile' against matrimony, and at half- past three started for home. Ho was thinking tho conversation over and as ho trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but lie was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of tho city, and as ho passed a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by tho peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial lino of thought wns knocked all awry by tho reportorial instinct, and lie saw, instead of a blushing, bloom ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining-room nnd making off with his silver. He -thought of the beauti ful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into tho shadow, he waited and listened. Click went tho lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than ho was to preserve the orrlinnry burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered that the robber was not ou tho outside.but was evidently witbin, nnd was working his way out, and lie felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with tho boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it- on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open and Charlie was ready to cry " throw up j'our hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. " It can't ben ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. Bub if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it ? " He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into tlio vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movemonts, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reporter, " it's a woman, and she's got on a night gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of the shadow and spoko to the ghostly walkor. " Good evening," ho said, nervously. " No, excuse me, X mean good morning. If you're going to market; maybe you'd better go back and put on an ulstor." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, bub this was anything but an ordinary affair, and ho did'nt require news paper instinct to toll him so. The sheeted figure made no- reply, but moved again nnd camo toward him. Tho cold chills chased each other down his back and ho looked for a policeman, with the usual result. " Stand back," ho said, " this pistol ain't loaded, bub it might go off." But on it cainc, and Charlio found that his legs wouldn't move, in spite of all lie could do to make them. Ono step more and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it wns not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, nnd he began to feel better. "I beg your pardon," lie said, "but tlie night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance. Is there anyone in the bouse Hint has frightened you 1" Still no answer, and Chnrlie; emboldened by his own words, stepped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. " Another Amina," he said. "'La Son- nambula ' off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is ago!" "I've got to take her in the house any how, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led tho williug walker back up to the door and rang the bell, nnd rang it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute' tlio beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into tho hall, only to meet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. "What's this?" ho shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut (he door, you idiot-," gurgled Charlie, dropping t he girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyrannis. " What does this mean ?" again shouted the young man, and tho remainder of tlie family cainc tumbling downstairs, none of them fixed to see company. " Let go of mc and shut thab door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. " You don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you ?" Some of tlie other members of tho family by this time had rescued the reporter nnd shut tho door, and while the mother and tho servants carried tho unconscious girl upstairs, Charlio told tho father and son how he hnd met the young lady and whnt the trouble was. Both men knew him by sight, and find met him on 'Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain the situation. Half an hour -later the reporter was at home, in bed nnd dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic tilings. When lie reached the office next day a note was waiting for him, nnd lie was invited to call that evening on the mother of the' young lady. He called, of courso. He saw tho mother; lie saw the daughter, blushing nud beauti ful, and now if Charlie is a bachelor much longer there will bo a breach of promise suit or some other dreadful calnmity, for Charlie'd mind is made up. Lady (to shopman) : "Why do you- call ' this the 'Nature purse'?" Shopman : ' Because, madam, it abhors a vacuum." 