Sensorial Illusions. What are. we to believe a supernatural appearance? It is a most difficult point to decide. Nicolai, the bookseller of Berlin, was for months troubled hy spectral appearances of all shades, shapes, and almost colors; some the likenesses of dead and some of living friends i others strangers to him. Prom being frightened, he became used to them, and, in fact, rather lonely without them. There -were hone, dogs, cats, men and women. The latter presently began tn talk to each cSh£r.«nd to him; They even snited their v#oes—to hia ear—in tira conversations of his real friends. . ' Kicolai." -jujhq- was apparently in . good tealtli, was Egcertod in this way from Ser Year's Day^tfll 20th April, 1791. Tho ,doBtors, '*ri» jrjae convinced that the ghosts were fheresalfcofadisordered system, treated Jdm vainly. _ Burelv here was a case beyond even the peradventure of a doubt. Bat presto ! comes an unbelieving medico, and with fiendish ingenuity bethinks him of leeehesl They were applied, and as they drewaway the blood the ghosts grew pale and paler, till at last they entirely dis- At the time of applying the leeches, the room was fall of spectres, moving about and speaking cheerfully to each other, as ghosts with -Rood consciences may be supposed to do. Era oght o'clock that night, they had entirely disappeared, and poor .Kicolai was bereft of his shadowy companions, whom he never saw more. There is a more surprising case than this on the records—one which, even knowing it to have been a sensarial illusion, one shudders to think of beesttnig a man of average courage. Herr von Baczko was a -Polish gentleman, to whom, fitting in his room writing -his autobiography, an apparition was vouched. -One evening, shortly after the battle of Iena, be relates he was writing when suddenly he felt apoke in his loins, Leoking round, he found that it proceeded from a negro or Egyptian boy, about twelve y6ars ] old. . Though persuaded that the whole ' thing was an illusion, he says he thought it best to knock the apparition down, when he felt a sensible resistance ! The negro thereupon attacked him upon the other ride, and gave his arm a particularly disagreeable twist, when Baczko again pushed it off. ' This negro continued to visit him constantly during four months, preserving the same appearance and remaining tangible ; then, Baczko'e health improving," he came sddomer, and finally appearing as a brownoolored apparition, with' an owl's bead, hs took his leave. Here was a ghost that waB not only seen, bat felt; that could ire knocked down, and was capable of rising again to the attack; a horridly disagreeable .ghost, black, suggestive to the fanoiful mind of evil associations ; a ghost sufficient quite to build a solid spectral theory upon—and yet no ghost at all, but the mere -product of a disordered liter. ' ' 