the ballad of judas n iscariot. By Rorert Buchanan. Robert Willinms Buchanan was born in August, 1841, and was educated at tho Univer sity of Glnsgow. He is better known in dramatic than in poetic literature ; among his poems, however, "London Poems," transla- v'w" "it. A/utlt.ili| itkiU UOUCl CiiUt w UUIiiO| aro popular. 'Twas the body of Judas Iscariot Lay in the Field of Blood 1 'Twas tho soul of Judas Iscariot Beside tho body stood. Black was the earth by night, > And black was the sky ; Black, black were tho broken clouds, Though the red Moon went by. 'Twas tho body of J ndas Iscariot Strangled and dead lay there 1 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot . Look'd ou it in despair 1 Tlie breath of the World came and went, Like a sick man's in rest ; . Drop by drop ou tho World's eyes 4'ho dews fell cool and blest. Then the soul of Judas Iscariot Did make a gentle moan : " 1 will bury underneath the ground My flesh and blood and bone, "I will bury deep beneath the soil, Lest mortals look thereon ; , Aud when the wolf and raven coma The body will be gone 1 " The stones of the field are sharp as steel, And hard and cold, God wot ; And I must bear my body hence Until I find a spot !" 'Twas'the soul of Judas Iscariot, \- So grim, and gaunt, and gray, Raised tho body of Judas Iscariot And carried it away. And as he bare it from the, field, Its touch was cold as ice ; And the ivory teeth w.tiiin the jaw Rattled aloud, like dice. As the soul of Judas Iscariot Carried its load with paiD, The Eye of Heaven, like a lantern's eye, Opon'd and shut again. Half he walk'd, and half he soem'd , Lifted on the cold wind ; He' did not turn, for chilly hands Were pushing from behind. The first place.that ho came unto It was the open wold, And underneath were prickly whinB, And a wind that blew so cold. The next place that he came unto It was a stagnant pool, And when he threw the body in It floated light as wool. He drew the body on 1i1b buck, \- And it was dripping chill ; And the next place he came unto Was a Cross upoa a hill ; ' A Cross upon the windy hill, And a Cross on either side- Three skeletons that hung thereon, Who had been crucified; Aud on the middle cross-bar sat A white dove slumbering— Dim it sat in the dim light, : With its head beneath its wing; And underneath the middle Cross A grave yawn'd wide and vast— But the soul of Judas Iscariot Sluver'd, and glided past. The fourth place that ho came unto It was the Brig of Dread ; And the great torrents rushing down Were deep, and swift, and red. Ho'dared npt'fling the. body in . .. For fear of iacos dim ; And arms wero waved in the wild water To thrust it back to him. . 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot Turn'd from the Brig of Dread ; And the dreadful foam of the wild water . Had splasb'd the body red. For days and nights ho wander'd on Upon an open plain ; And tho days went by like blinding mist, And the nights like rushing rain. For days and nights ho wander'd on AU through the Wood of Woe; And the nights. went by like moaning wind, And the days like drifting snowi ' 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot Came with a weary face, . Alone, alone, and all alone, Alone in a lonely place 1 He wander'd East, ho wander'd West, And heard no human sound ; For months and years, iu grief and tears, He wander'd round and round. For months and years, in grief and tears, He walk'd the silent night ; Then the soul of Judas Iscariot Perceived a far-off light. A far-off light across the waste, As dim as dim might be, That came and went, like the lighthouse gleam On a black night at sea. 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot . Crawl'd to the distant gleam ; And the rain came down, aud the rain was blown Against him with a scream. For days and nights ho wander'd on Fash'd on by hands behind ; And the daye went by like black, black rain, And the nights like rushing wind. 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot, Strange, and sad, and tall, Stood all alone at dead of night Beforo a lighted hall. And the wold was white with snow, And his footmarks black and damp ; And the ghost of the silvern moon' arose, Holding hor yellow lamp. And the icicles were on tho oaves, And the walls were deep with white ; And the shadows of tho guests within Pass'd on tho window light. Tho shadows of tho wedding guests' Did strangely come and go ; And the body of Judas Iscariot Lay strotch'd along the snow. Tho body of Judas Iscariot Lay strotch'd along the snow ; 'Twas tho soul of Judas Isoariot Ran BWiftly to and fro. To and fro, and up and down, He ran so swiftly there, As round and round the frozen Pole Glideth the lean, white bear. 'Twas tho Bridegroom Bat at the table-head, And the lights burn'd bright and clear ; "Oh, who is that,". tho Bridegroom said— " Whose weary feet I hear!" 'Twas one look'd from the lighted hall, Aud answer'd soft and slow — "It is a wolf runs up and down With a black track iu the snow I" Tho Bridegroom sat in his robe of whito Sat at the table-head : "O, tyno is that who moans without?" The blessed Bridegroom said. 'Twas one look'd from tho lighted hall, And answer'd fierce and low— " 'Tie the soul of Judas Iscariot Gliding to and fro !" 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot Did hush itself and stand ; And saw tlio Bridegroom at tho door, With a light in his hand. Tho Bridegroom stood in the open door; And ho was clad in white ; And far within the Lord's Supper Was spread so broad and bright. The Bridegroom shaded his eyes and look'd, And his faco was bright to see : " What dost thou here at tho Lord's Supper Willi thy body's sins," said he. 'Twas the soul of Judas Iscariot Stood black, and sad, and hare : " I have wandered many nights and days- There is no light elsewhere !" Twas the wedding guests cried out within, And their eyes wero fierce and bright : " Scourge the soul of Judas Iscariot Away into tho night !" Tho Bridegroom stood in the opon door, And lie waved his hands still aud slow ; And tho third time that he waved his hands The air was thick with snow. And of every flake of falling snow, Before it touch'd the ground, There came u dove, aud a thousand doves Mado sweet sound. ITwas tho body of Judas Iscariot Floated away full fleet, And the wings of the doves that bare it off ; Wero like its wiuding-slieet. 'Twas the Bridegroom stood at tho open door, And bcekon'd, smiling sweet : 'Twas tho soul of Judas Iscariot Stole in and fell at his fpet. ." The Holy Supper is spread within, And tho many candles shine, And'I have waited long for theo Before I pour'd tho wine 1" The supper wino is pour'd at last, The lights burn bright and fair ; Iscariot washes the Bridegroom's feet Aud dries them with his huir. 