A S E CRET 'ta UNRAVELLED. ti ti The-wholesale produce and commis- a sion store of Mr Purvis, on Delaware a avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on a the night of October 17, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upward of nine thou-, sand dollars in greenbacks were ab stracted. A package of bonds to the a amount of 3,000 dollars more remainedn untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually n slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr Harrison t Purvis for about four years, and enjoyed' the confidence of his employer. Per- a broke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which he took hold of the business im pressed Mr Purvis so much in his favor C that he predicted a successful future for a the young man, as a very able salesman i and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit c trust in Sharon, and selected him a a a ccmpanion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men were in the e store the night that the robbery oc curred; but, when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was missing, and Yerkes lay on the floor near the' safe with a serious gash on the side of his head, which had been bleeding pro-, fusely, judging by the amount of blood on the floor. *The unfortunate young man had evi dently endeavored to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained as well as his clothes. By the disorder in the office and the numerous blood stains, both on the floor and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle . must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon,..having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and, been surprised by his fellow-clerk in the midst of his work; who in turn dealt' him the blow near the temple, and theu,, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood ana the robber fled with his booty. Varnoe, a detective, and a physician1 were at once sent for, and, while Di. Edson was attending to his patient, the detective examined the premises with his; usual carefulness, particularly the second: floor, and returning to the lower floor: found that Yerkes had recovered, and: sat in an arm-chair with a bandage; around his head. " Well,. Mr Varnoe, what have you. discovered 7" said Mr Purvis. "I find that the robber has been to' the second floor," replied the detective ; " possibly he has taken some valuables: from there as well.'? . The merchant hastened upstairs; butI presently returned; saying that nothingl had been disturbed and removed as far> as he could see." Whatever his object;: may-have been, I am positive he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had -taken` place." Thene Yerkes gave the following account :- . He woke suddenly and' found ::that Sharon had left the bed, and, fearing that some mishap had. overtaken him,' he lit a paraffine candle by the small gas; jet in the room and- began to search for: him. Not finding .him on the second floor! he returned., to the fist. floor, and dis covered him before the, open safe. They saw each other at the, same moment,: and Sharon was spellbbundat being dis- covered in his criminal :act. Then began the struggle the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon, being the stronger of the two; soon overpowered: his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after which he went out of the store with his eyes bent on the floor before him, until he reached the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked over. to the dock and gazed into the water in: a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the stofe.- i'd rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave countenance. " Mr Purvis, the robber has evidently! escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock." All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale.. He opened his month as if to say something, but fell back with a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying re storatives to his charge, the detective drew Mr Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remained there half an hour. in conversation with him, and, judging: by his frequent exclamations, he must have been astonished by what the detec tive -told him. Re-entering the office, they found Yerkes still unconscious, and, at the suggestion of atirnoe, he was taken to the hospital.. "Now, Mr , Purvis," said-.Yarnoe. "will you .point out to me the clothes usually worn by Mr Sharon while on duty at the store ?" "O ertaiily, sir," replied the gentle-, man; "that is easily done," and he went to the closet where the clerks kept their outer garments. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. " What is it ?" said Varnoe, when Mr Purvis laid: the garments on the' bed. "As I live, Sharon has not only left; his coat and vest behind, but his pants' as well," said Mr Purvis, in bewilder ment. " That issingular," said the detective,: exchanging glances with the physician "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when you bear in mind that MIr Yerkes, vhlen found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his' pants behind," pointing t> a pair beneath the bed. "You will please tee whether Mr, Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets." Every pocket was examined. There . :-,;,,;l , ,ni.n.,lo wath and chnin. a trifle over 500 dollars in a wallet. a pen knife, pencil memorandum, &c.;, &c.; " Retain the articles. Mr Purvis. and: hang the garments up," said the delec tive. " I have another surprise here." Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leav-, ing the mattress bare. A number of. bloody finger -marks stained it along a seam ten inches in length. " I see what you are driving a:.,' cried Purvis, as he scanned the seam. " You mean that the thief has' hidded his plunder in the mattress." "I think so, at all events," was tht reply, as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his hand he drew forth the package of greenbacks. They were in •tat;, Mr Purvis said, 'fter. "xamining the seals. "I don't know what to think," said the gentleman, hopelessly. "I declare my head aches trying to divine the motive for this most extraordinary. crime." ' Think as I do." " What is that ?" ." Why, that Sharon, instead of being1 the thief, is the thief's victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer gar ments behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him in the river." " Then you really expect Yerkes is the thief ?" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. " I am sure he is not only the thief, but a probable murderer also." "' Oh, the wretch !" cried the mer chant passionately, "and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavoring to protect my prQperty. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit the right man," continued Mr Purvis. "If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." " Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his back are not his own," spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severe fit of seasickness. Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the mer chant. He approached the man, and asked eagerly " Who are you ?" "My name is Pembroke Sharon." In a moment he was surrounded by 'the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested per mission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one t told by Yerkes, with this difference ' the positions were changed. It. was Sharon who had surprised the other in 1 front of the open safe in the act of stowing in his pocket the greenbacks I alluded to. It was Sharon who de nounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus de j tected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow-clerk, striking i Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more until he awoke on board a vessel near the navy yard. He was told that they.picked, him up in the river. The captain and his two men had been to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it ti and drew the apparently dead man into Sthe boat and took him aboard the vessel, 9 where his wants were at once attended to. When Terkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark, when familiar footsteps were heard ascending 'i the btair. i " By Heaven,`I believe it is Angust Yerkes !" whispered Sharon, as he 3 hastily entered the closet and shut the door. SHe was none too soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to I where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him that something was amiss-something to his disadvan tage, too. "You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked he for want Sof something else to say. " We are, indeed," replied Mr Purvis, Sregarding him with an ominous look. "You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me," next remarked the robber and would-be assassin. " On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective, with an r ambiguous smile. Glancing at the detective with a scep tical air, Yerkes walked to the closet. and opened the door, and the next: Smoment he uttered a fearful shriek and Sstarted back with his hair standing on Send, and his face the colbr of ashes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his. victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed reproachfullj,. on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a Sraving maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was obligei to manacle him hand and foot and again take him to the hospital, e from whence he was shortly afterwards e conveyed to the insane department of r the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously re compensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position Sin the store, which he filled with credit Sboth to himself and his grateful em o ployer. Yerkes lived about a year after this Sconfinement, and died a raving maniac : a terrible retribution for his attempt to : fasten the crime on an innocent person. 