St. TLhomas's (Anglican?) Church. INDUCTION OF THE REV. A. DAVIES AS RECTOR. The induotion of the Rev. A. Dasiet (yr'.. vicosly the muoh-rsspested cuante of St. P?aul's Church) as rector of the church of St. Thomas, Nurth Ipswich, took place, last e?vesiug, iu that buildiug. Ths Rev. A. S. David (obeplalu to the Bishop of Brishaus) coudaoctod this most impressive ceremoup, which was curried sout with all doe solsuonity. Special hymus appropriate t3 the ocoasiom were song, Miss I.. L~rarer preoldiag at the orges, while the spesial psalms were chauted sod the prayers tutoned. After the prescribed portico of the eveulog service had heen couducted, the rev. gentlemen huslh down hefore the chaplaiu, who, potliog his hauls on his heed, spoke as follows : "I the osms of the Father sod of the Sou and of the Holy Ghost. Asoen." I, for William Thomas Thosruhill, Bishop of Brie. hsne, do hereby give thee, Alfred Davies, luatitation sod Mission and Ours of Souls ma Pastor of this Parish, sod authority to preach the Word sod to administer lbs Saurameote hereoi. TJLhou, potting a Bible itut the oew rentoers baud, he said : I charge thee before God sad the Lord Jesus Christ, Who shall judge the quick cud the dead at His appeariog. preach the Words; he iustsul to seeaneoot of eseasoul reprove, .rebuke, exhort with all loug suffTering eud dootrise. Thbea he laid his hand 00 his heal, sod coo tinued : The God of peace Who hrougha again from the dead our Lord Jesus Cheist, thegreat Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the ererlastiag covenant, snake theu e orenot ins every good work to do Hoe will, working In thee that which is well-pleaeiog to His sighte throogh Jere5 Christ cur Lord, to Whom be glory for ever sod ever. dnen. Tuen the chaplain led Mr. Davies to hi. stall, sod tuduotieg him thereis, said : 0 posiesethe Lord for rIll goeduoss, sod beolays the wooders that es booth for the uhildren of meo. Ecalt Him also to the ooogregalieu of the people, sod praise Him to the seal of the elders. Thbe Rev. A. E. DlAVor, to belivering hisead. droeu, thee asIs his toet Amos iii, II: "Can two welk together, except they be agreed." Es lsegsu by erplaiusug that the bishop had charge of the whole diocese, which, see s to be more nader his noetrot, was divided ital parts called parishes, which were nunder the spiri~tul. guidance of ministers under the direccion of the bishop. The assemption of the miuietry of one of these parishes woes amatter of great? dignity sod great respoosibitity, sod they were all asked Is eadeavoar to prey sod to sym. pathise wiah him who had been given the spiritual ohargeaover theem. His bisocourse then. h~oreoo the relations wh~ch shoulbeoitetbetween a reeter sod his parishiooers, giving valuable. advice In esoh, How could work to the parish b.e carried on without. mutual eslfsorifice sod uoslderatton?! Bet where they were maul tented, theme would be that harmooy whish wee so desirable. The oecesseisy for mutual tenet sod mutual repoeeb use also noged upon his lisleunes. And, lastly, there was that agreemeot, that nutty, whiuk nina tram the identity of their. work--they were te labour together to the Ijoaso of God. They should prey saroestly that they might work together with that objast--the ealsltioo of ace Is sodl the sleratisa of degraded humeelty. He seen.' cebued so eerosst diseouras byaayiogthat, if they hod regard to theme things, there would come to them easno spiritual life sod a larger outpouriog of Sodas blessiegs. Ans efferlaoy was taken up to aid of toe mtasiou clergy feed, and then the newly. ladueled renter offered up the followiog p~rayer 0 Almighty (God, who hes built Thy Churok apesn the feoondation of the Apostlea and Prophets, Jesss Christ himself helug the head Comroerstone;o grsot us mu lo be joined together in unity of spirit by their doctrine that we may he made so holy Temple seoseptahe uoto' Thee. Aol especially to sue Thy servsot, sad to thin Parish .now committed to my charge, givo the absodsnoe of Thy grace, that. we may all be of cooe heart sad of one soul, nutited to one holy hood of troth and pesce, of" faith end charity, sod masy with 008 mind and 000 melath glorify Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Ames, The preououloig of the benediction oceeose the ceremony. 