BRIC-A-BRAC NOTES. _ Mining matters are in a forward con dition in the Corryong district, several small lots being ready to go through the stampers, Marks’s line of reef will crush during the present week, andpromisesto be better than the last. Mr. lenby has'a nice show at Towong; although the reef is harrow, itisverynch. Collins and Hill have struck a good show at 23 feet; this promises to be a good find. The Corryong and Cudgowa footballers on Saturday last played their return match, which resulted in a draw. .An accident occuned in the early part of the game, by which one of the players, Mr. Bishop, our respected school teacher, got his leg broken. That true harbinger of our sweet Aus tralian spring, the wattle, is now in bloom, : and lends additional beauty to our many . landscape attractions. I notice “ Bric-a-brac Notes” are not 1 appreciated in certain quarters. I do not remember writing anything invidious in my last about anyone. However, if the . grieved persons would only bear in mind , that beautiful couplet— We live and we learn by each other, Independence is only a dream— they would have very little to grumble at. I do not wish to appear an egotist, but I can say this, without fear of con- < tradiction, that, if there were more of my < stamp in the district, all persons would i derive a benefit. I therefore ask your 1 many readers to cast their scintillating c optica on the last writings of yours truly, t .. SAUCY JACK. « 7 Til I I II i I I _ "1 At the Albury municipal saleyards on Wednesday of last week, a bullock sent in by Mir. Pierce, of Greg Greg, Upper Murray, was seized by the inspector on the presumption that it was suffering from cancer or lumpy jaw;.' The beast had asmallswellinghighup initsneck.and several experts at the yards were positive that the animal was not diseased. How ever, Mr. T. A. Browne, P.M., made an inspection of the beast during the after noon, and ordered that it be handed back to the owner. The Post reports:—A “ghost” is re ported to have been seen several times lately at the Black Bange, near the spot where a murder was committed. A “ ghost” was shot in the rear with a charge of pickling salt a little time since up north, and since then “ ghosts” have been singularly unfashionable. 