HER FATHER'S IDOL, Now pint FokUBheO. A Ro« antic Sensational Stobt, by MRS- BASELEY (" Miguon"), Author of "Gilbert Elton's Wife," "The Earl's Daughter," " The Tragedy at Deepdene," etc., etc. CopyrigHt, SYNOPSIS OF PEEYIOOS CfLAPTEES. Chatters I, II, and IIL — N elly Henetock, the daughter of Dr. Henetock, is proposed for by Major Metcalfe a man considerably her senior, bnt the proposal only causes her m«ntiMiL She is invited to snend a holidav at the house of Aunt Dolce, in a neighbouring town, bnt Hngh Brace, a friend, a poor crippled lad, askes her, bnt in vain, to atay, feeling, as he says, tb&t; some ill will befall her. She laughs at his fears and leaves him. Dr. Henetock takes Nelly to the station to see her oS, giving her instructions to telegraph her arrival. She fails to do so, however, and a telegram arrives saying she has not come, although three trains have been met The Doctor is distracted at the tiawb. Meanwhile Dr. Bovd. the rival nhv. sician, and his family are also npset by the receipt of a telegram from their son, Mark. Chapters Ilf. (continued) and IV. — The telegrams received by Dr. Boyd, from his son, Mark, between whom and Nellie there is a feeling stronger than friendship, states that be cannot come home, as there has been an 1 awful catastrophe at Gnnton's ; all im plicated must bide.' The family are bewil dered at the news, and fear the worst. Mark Boyd, in love with Mamie Gonton, and jealous of his rival, George Treveryan, had an interview with her, and threatens to shoot him. The same day Treveryan is shot and fatally wounded by Borne unknown hand. George, with his dying breath says Horace Bertie, another wonld-be lover, bad shot him, but he etrongly affirms his innocence. In the meantime Mark Boyd also declares bis innocence, though he considers circumstances against him. Marsie, on the other hand, declares her conviction that Mark Boyd is his murderer, and says so at the inquest from which, however, Boyd has decamptd on the plea of urgent business CHAPTER V. To return to Nelly Henstock. Her feelings were of mingled joy and sad ness as sbe pursued her journey. The train, an express, tore on its way, and as houses and fields flew by ehe began to realise that each moment as it passed separated her farther and farther from the fond parent whose only companion she was. For the first lime an unpleasant sensation of doubting whether ehe had done right in altogether leaving bim crossed her bosom ; if she could not have persuaded him to have accompanied her — and she had not tried to induce him at all, taking it too much for granted that be was wedded to his recluse life — ought she not to have continued by bis ; side as heretofore, wholly satisfied to share bis life and seclusion ! So s'rong were her sentiments that had it been in her power to have ordered the engine driver to turn back sbe would have done so. She resolved to get out at the firct station. But the train moved od and on, bringing her impatient spirit various alternations of mind : and when at last it did stop she considered she had come too far to wisely return. unange nere, cnaoge nere ror What were the names of the places the porters made such a deafening con-I glomeration of 1 ! She conld make nothing of them, j There was no one ia her carriage to ask. | Her father had strongly impressed on ; her not to forget to get out somewhere ; where was it i In her confusion and ; timidity she could not recall, and she | did not like to ask. j There were several persons eachputting ' different questions to one porter. Nelly screwed up her courage to add to bis perplexities, and ask as she approached him ' if sbe were right for IffingtoD.' The man in all probability had never heard the name of the place. ' Yee, yes, you are right,' he eaid. Hie result of his reply as to send all his questioners scattering of wildly in various directions. Nelly happened to be the last of them. She felt the man's hand on her shoulder. 1 Is the place yon inquire for Albeyton way V be asked. Nelly did not know. Yet it sounded very like the name of her father had told her to change at. 'AlbeytoD,' ehe deliberated. 'Does that take you to London ?' ' In ennrse it do,miss AH for Albeyton changes here. I'm afraid the train there's started. It joost waits for the 'sprees and then makes off. The next nn'll be over three hours.' Nelly, dispirited at the prospect before her, sat down. She saw her own train off— carrying with ither luggage, to which ehe never once gave a thought) and then slowly took out a few sandwiches which thoughtful Mrs. Balnea had pro vided her with, and nibbled at them. Once more the suggestion of returning home crossed her mind, but she cast it swiftly away. She felt she had made too utter a mull of the multitudinous directions given her to show her face at Slackaby again at the present. Not that her tender father would reproach her by a eiogle word, but she was ambi tions to show him how cleverly his BU&rilfh; trnfitino ivinnr.rificvi little jTell could manage when left to -her own devices. She would proceed on her journey — have a peep at Aunt Dnlce, oven if ehe returned in a day or two. ' Her father would welcome her even more gladly if he missed her a little longer. ' Surely, my pretty, lassie, you ain't agoing to stay at these yere etashun three hull 'ours, to have ail the gents a gating at yer lovely facej ; " ' It was her porter friend, fread from Us bewilderment , and corihuion, who was playfully addressing-fier. She 'fait there was some raoseforluB observation, though she resented his : freedom. ' "Tb® . men were looking at .her In a bold and easy style that wasrabdenog aer ery uncomfortable. ' " ' - ' ' 'But where can I go fidiieuBkBff mth a proud little sir, ihaywpufl>tfrwfi»«l amusing had she beenless '(Mprotocted. jfr there any hotel w'rottege Marker® 'Take my advic2I3ei see Tkentbnry, niiikv:i3ihjlh0ii place of the neighbhaihoodoneatmB; «wne yearly just alone to eeeepifffik ' "t above 8od piece — fowenng.'liis ymfrltow ca'ch you starting jnst here: Go ahead a bit and then get orff the field on to 'em straight on'nards.' Nelly braced herself up, thanked him and started ; anything was better th«n: becoming a curiosity to the loungers. She did not care a scrap for rains of. auy sort, but she should enjoy a walk. As,' however, Trentbory was within reason-; able distance— was an object in view — and would be a mark for the flight of time, she made for it. Straight onward: as the porter bad dictated. She rather- wished she had not packed her - watcb.' It was a valuable article, but thegreatest part of its worth to her was that it had once belonged to her pretty young mother. Folly an hour passed as far as she. coma guess, and she had reached no rains. Bums or not she turned and re- traced her steps on to . the line of railB. A feeling of loneliness was growing on ber : she had not met a aaul since com mencing her ramble, and one's own companionship has to he highly cultivated to prove wholly attractive. It was a lovely day, suony and with just sufficient touch of frost in it to be en joyable. It was not enjoyable, however, to Nelly. There was discomfort at iher heart. Not the aching void of acute, and it might be said, uncalled for, uoauiaiiou mac mere was in poor Maine's abruptly ended hopes, but a sort of dull sensation that was quite : new to highly cherished Nell. She walked along soberly ; her Bteps took a brisk trot as she proceeded. Ronnding a turn, her . eyes took in a sight that made every pulse in her body beat more rapidly) facing her, though not looking any way In her direction, stood the figure of a man. ' What was he doing.' Her first idea was that he was a platelayer examining the lines — a superior sort of overlooker, more probably judging in the distance by his respectable appearance. No; he was not that. Good heavens 3 could he he contem plating suicide I With arms folded bis eyes were raised to the skies overhead. He seemed to be deliberating, awaiting a sudden doom. An approaching train fit. hlfl hanlr euri ftltr «n pbaaI aIam» lines. Certain destruction moBt be his unless he moved of his own accord. A shrill whistle, deafening even to Nelly, rent the air. Still be moved not, and thoogh she panted for breath — for greater speed — she saw she could not reach him before he was cut in twain. So near and yet so far. . She shouted, she threw up her arms. She did every thing ehe could to attract his attention. Almost desparingly she collected her strength for one loud last effort. Rather to her surprise the man's head dropped ; he looked fiercely towards her. In that moment he, from very astonishment, swerved aside, lost his balance and fell, one word, 'Nelly,' on bis lips. At the same iostaut the train dashed by, but luckily .not on to him — he had fallen clear of the rails, yet scarcely by a hair's breadth, on to the gronnd beyond. Blinded by excitement, the smoke and rush of the train, and by herstnrdy efforts, Nelly's impression was that the man for whose preservation she had made such superhuman efforts to save | was cut to pieces. Almost, however, before she was awars of what Bhe felt she saw him slowly rising to his feet. ' I — I — am glad,' she exclaimed, Bursting into tears in tne revulsion ot her feelings. ' Nelly 1' he exclaimed, fiercely.angrily, as be faced her ; ' how dared you. Where have you turned up from to rescue me when I had sworn to perish ?' She but caught one word of his re proaches. A burst of recognition deadened his language to her. He there ; Mark, her best beloved on earth. Yet, how came it! There was a mystery In 1 the sitnation that partly choked the ineffable bliss that must otherwise have been hers at the unexpected meeting. ' Oh, Mark 1 Yon 1 ehe cried. ' What does it all mean ? I — I— really feared it was a maniac contemplating eniclde, and — and I have tired myself in trying to save yon. Bnt for me— — ' « But for yon I should have been annihilated by this,' he eaid, gloomily. ' Ah, Nelly, are you so little versed in the world's experience 08 to innocently suppose that it is only the mad who | prefer annihilation ?' I Her pretty face was blushing, and trying to bide the happiness caused, by the meeting. The knowledge that Mark was-gloomy was not anew one to her ; and to suppose that be: would wilfully kill himself, despite what her eyes had seen, did not enter her bead. He was absorbed and could not have known his danger. He would realise it soon, and thank ber for the peril ehe — sbe who loved him eo dearly, yet so secretly — had saved him from. Now he , would speak out bis mind and tell her. ofais affection, as Clara Boyd so lonjiad assured her it was his intention to dis close. Mark on bis part, directly his quick fit of unpardonable anger at the intervention which had caved bim was over, realised the wisdom of completely Minding faer as to his past action. « Nelly, my own pretty little sweet- best' be arid; audaciously kissing faer ; say you are glad to meet me again. Let your tips repeat the tale your ax- pressive - face tells. Ah, me I thm joy of having you by my aide once more compensates formuch of myunendurable miserv.' r«Yon,iave been unhappy,' she arid, raising her blue eyes timidly. ' You are on your way home; ' ' Tell me ! Explain everything. 7 I will-return too.' . She led the way stationwardsj all eagerness to miss no mors trainAMaxk tacked ber ennthrough hisndtbgetfcer they walked on. >- I will explain fay movementeafterl have heard how yon came here, ,Ne%? : He bad not the elighteet ra ten tion of enUghtemngTief. jms£jffldtiited beUevedhimns »3o«hgbl»r fir#faw . Swn5h eleatnedier riuqiter bf aden'/ska ia raw; impetaBtoiWe: was breathed into him, f.F. It jwaa [?] he had never contemplated another horn's existence. A new exciting impetus was given. If he had to die to-morrow as well enjoy first the good the gods had thrown at bim. ' See, Mark, this ia the field ; we go down here.' Skilfully unperceived -fay her, he led her into exactly an opposite direction to ! tbatebehad come. He kept her thoughts ! fully occupied ; praised her for her presence of mind in saving him; was pleased io his revived spirits to term it a miraculous preservation ; Terretted out every hope and thought in her breast till scarcely one sentiment remained undiscovered — least of all her love for him. 'What along way round you aregoiog,' she observed. Not suspiciously or observantly, but rather in mild astonish ment that any way with him conld seem longer by comparison than without faim. . 'Ha 1 love seeks to prolong the road,', he retorted. 'Why, Mark,' she exclaimed ; ' the station appears quite different. We must have got into another part of it. My .porter even is nowhere about.' Ia her. trusting innocence it never enteredber brain -either .that there was a second station in the place, on that Mark conld - -deceive her. Her sim- plicity -amused him. . He did not Admire It, bnt it was convenient to trade iupon. The idea of you imagining, that you could recollect whether, a strange station was the same or a different one, he observed. ; 'But I can positively declare that the part I. was io differed in every respect from this. The bookstall was smaller, the footbridge was quite at the end, and ' ' It must have been turned topsy- jturvey during your absence, then,' be broke io, impatiently. 'I will ran in the town on an errand. ' I don't think our train will arrive during my absence ; if it shonld don't avail- -yourself of it. Here's a first-class waiting-room.' ' I'm snre there was only one room foreverybody tfaismoraing,'she observed, as if annoyed with the . change. Oh, don't be angry, Mark, -ami of course 1 shall wait. Did I not tell you that my purse was packed with my other belong ings. Daddie thought it safer for -me only to keep a few-coppers for porters or extra refreshments if I required it.' It was not till Mark had been gone fully half an hour that the recollection of her lost luggage occurred to her. -She startled the other occupants of the room by starting np suddenly and saying : ' Oh, my boxes." I must go and see after them.' Her inquiries resulted in no good, and she could not see the porter of the morning. She was sure if she could find him that he would help her. The chances are ten to one, miss, that you let them go on In the express to Lundan,' declared the man who was the most patient. ' They'll be there when you reaches.' ' I am not proceeding to London,' Bhe replied. 'Thentelegraf for 'em, miss. Come with mg.' Uncertain how much telegraphing wonld cost, she hesitated. But Mark might return just as their train was on ana move ; every eeconu -woaia suen uo of consequence. So she followed. ' Where is the train for Slackaby t' she asked. The man paused, ran his fingers through his greasy heir. Blest if I- know,' he replied. I — ' - ' Where the dickens are you trotting off to now f pnt in Mark's voice over Nelly's shoulder. She explained, ending— Toss ve time Iwas going to telegraph.' 'They will be safe in London when yon reach there.' A chill fell over her at his words. She thought he wished to get rid of her. I am not going to King's Cross now,' Bhe said timidly. ' Of course yon are not,' he said, nqueeringher hand reassuringly. 'Then let me telegraph for yonr luggage F .'Thanks, Mark.' In the exuberance of her joy she added, 'Only fancy this man does not know which .is the train for Slackaby.' Mark.langhed tlnntly. 'He'd he a precious sight cleverer than most of hie class if he did. xou forget, Nelly, that Slackaby ia not the terminus.' Sbe turned away rather hart at Markka tone. She recognised her mis take. She ought to have. asked for Lirkham-, Bnt he need not have answered her in (hat way. For the first time something rose in -frer heart to his disadvantage. Her father never used a voice of disparagement to her no matter what she asked. Ob, for home and daddie! The resentmentMark had raised was wholly gone no bis return. . Her face -was wreathed with happy smiles. Has our train arrived ?' she asked, pleasantly. 'Seetilie is my ticket to King's 'Cross. It is valueless now, and daddie gave nearly a sovereign for it.' Sbe threw it down. Mark-picked it up, muttering something abont going to eee about that tickets. Nelly did .not catch his meaning, but guessed, by. hismanner (hat he waa put out. 'Once-more -was her hive chilled, fend it gladdened ber -inexpressibly to think that she should soon ba home again with her- father. ; Jn tbe train, at last 1 A carriage all to themselves. That part of it, strange to relate, did not affect her, as only that very morning it might have : done, "ffw it (hat -thus early her -affection in its superiority and . strength was - asserting ifeelfforfaerfafcher. .jVi Marlr hngan to comprehend that ..the rhatter whldh he j1"®8 faking in hand might not Jtnm bnt so easily of ;«c- complishmant as jie anticipated, unless he-paid greater attention to his- -com- aianioit'efeelinga.- fi was not -snffioient bui he inupt lvote h;jHe1FIi«0t and sodlti) feribmB her lota "Not fe-ffifficdlt fash in itself, far. imiwd -felly aBdcunled.<n'ot aamlynfor ithe they most find him. But to hliod (hem as much as possible he affected not to have received any communication, and telegraphed that not having heard he was going on a short visit of importance to a dying friend, and that a telegram sent to the 'old address' would "find him. Not many hours after he was where Nelly found him deliberately endeavour ing to commit eoicide. An hour again and life jiad wholly recovered its interest. But, oh ! far a head to cleverly plot and deceive all. He was caressing Nelly's hand and looking lovingly into her eyes, whilst that earnest wish passed through his brain. ' We are nearly there,' cried Nelly, exuberantly. 'Won't daddie be surprised to have me back, but pleased too.' The train is slackening. She jumped up gaily as they steamed alongside of the platform. A gootlemau stood on the foot-board ready to enter the carriage. 'Lirkham?' she. .observed, interro gatively, eeeiog Mark made no attempt to follow.. ' ' This is Maltby,' said the stranger, Conrteonsly. ' How ve-iy singular, 'she -exclaimed, her brow wrinkling in perplexity. 1 got ont the first time it stopped this morning, ints is an express. .'Certainly,' answered the new comer j ' but eren-expreasea vary in their halting places,' Mark frowned. He resented the! in trusion, ae he mentally termed it, of the stranger. How was he to stem, Nelly's chagrin when she discovered that ishe was on her way to London if (hat fallow was present. Luckily or uolockily for him, the gentleman folded up his news paper at the next stopping place, gave an admiring look at Nelly, and was gone. She was following, certain- that they must have reached Lirkham. Mark palled her back, put-bis Arm round her neck and deliberately kissed faer. 'Sweet Nelly, I have to ask your forgiveness,' he said ; 1 bnt it is all the fault of my great love ; yon know yon fiA.it! Vnfl wnnld lr«m mn era I have kept-yon, my precious girL I had. to return to London,- so I have decoyed yon with me. I can visit yon at yonr aunt's.' 'Gh, Mark,' cried the girl, half- laughing, half-crying, in ' her vexation and disappointment," ' Yon should not have done so. Unless my luggage is at the station when we reach King's Cross, or Auut -Dulce is waiting I shall not know where to go.' 'Of course she will "be writing,' declared Mark, untruthfully. He knew that it was an utter impossibility, and that when the train reached its destina tion it would be at PaddingtoD, and not . Riug'eCross. He bad purposely arranged it so. 'I sincerely hope she will,' sighed Nelly. ' I never blew such a long day as it has been, and it is not ended yet. It seems stupid that I should not remember Aunt Dulce'a exact address, but I never gave it a thought. She was to meet me, and it is on my luggage. It is Cedar Grove or Crescent, IUiugton or Iffington.' ' Don't bother your pretty head about that, Nelly, it will be all right. I will see that you get safely there. Besides saw vuo w a/a on uu it nc uau ou your father. ' Of course,' sighed Nelly, only half satisfied. Mark did not intend to let either telegram or letter reach Dr. Henetock from his daughter. He had his plane too well laid for that. Poor Nelly 1 without either money, friends, or luggage, alone in London. It was a mournful prospect far her. No notion of the fate that waa in etore crossed faer guileless mind, as released from Mark's kiss, she pressed her nose rather dolefully against the window. Daylight was waning fast. How cosy it would be at home; with her father, and he, bow lonely he would be without her. A few scalding tears fell from the pretty forget-me-not blue eyes, but she tried to keep others bask. It might hart Marie to see her grieve. ' Here we are Nell ; how for Aunt Dulce,' raid Mark Boyd, grimly. CHAPTER YL -v-» n 1 XLOy RjrOHLOQ Woe comiug UUV ui Uio chamber of death. Not to see Geoige Treveryan had he gone, -but to try and! induce his sister Maisie to leave it. A fatile task. She wonld be with him to the end, she had haughtily replied, and knowing that ' the end' would soon be, Roy left her. A housemaid, duster in hand, loitered on the landing. . - Don't go in there, Jsne,' observed Roy, authoritatively. . Nothing is to be touched till the Coroner comer.' ' I know it, sir. Soames is in the reception room, and wishes to see you. He asked, sir, if Mr. Bertie had been found.' Without vouchsafing a reply, _ Boy walked on. Jane was very inquisitive ; sbe waited till Roy's footsteps sounded on the teasalated tiling In the hall, . and then deliberately went into the chamber where all that remained of poor George Treveryan lay. Hanty Mrisie' wae kissing the clay- cold facecpiUng jpjtebasly - on faim . to cumtj oaca- . ruiywiiug »»» haughty looked she -then in her acute sorrow. 'I will Avenge ycur cruel death,' she moaned.. He sheU he found ; he — — ' Jane gave a litile oongi of warning. MaUie turned as if stung. Before she had time to utter a reprpofjane said— 'One of tiie police was in jast now, miss.' .'.WcilV cried Hunq (ghaiply ; 'any news ; have (hey got him P ' ' Not as'Pve heard, mira. They're bo mighty close.' . ..,!j..s' 'Then leave the :room, and -do not come in again without knodting.' A Bhe don't know Ijist , v&jysafe;»l «om- mented Jane. - I wishthat Bqyd wonld Oome back whether ih5fiM jMJ..Beiriie or cot. - He faad AIraraiit word for -feraryhody?--- ;,Jloy meaiiwjlehkdlpphdteieAip 'game- ikaBpeiyijriefeiitiefendlng wai ting for nthat.did3nmiaelm)ile3jfqnrard continued,«eeing that Roy did not sptak. 'I— I conld not come to Sir Henry.' | 'No,' said Roy, fidgetting. ' I've had no rest since that affair, sir. The hull of the two last nights I've tossed and turned; bnt never a wink has corned nigh me.' | 1 It is a — a sad affair,' said Roy, his ( eyes resting anywhere rather on Soames. j Sad — It aint the word for it. It's ( dreadful, sir, dreadful, and the load on me u heavier that I ran ahear. What ! puzzles me is that Mr. Bt-itie should a . decamped. He aint bin Ofuod yet, have he, sir. Have ought been beerd ou 'im J' ' Nothing. The police seem powerless. They've sconred the country ; trains, have been searched ; handbills out io every direction ; a reward offered.' ' It's passin' strange, sir. And why ' —lowering his voice — he should a gone fair puzzles me, unless he saw — saw f one as weer guilty.' 'You don't believe Mr. Bertie was guilty.' Roy's haggard face lifted itself wearidly to the gamekeeper's, as if with a faint hope of receiving an answer contrary to what he dared expect. . 'Believe Mr. Bertie guilty. Why,air, don't I tell ee that he was not. It 'ud be well for this poor bouse of no one in iv war more guuty man ne. rsiess.yonr life,' now don't groan and take on so badly, Mr. Roy ; you've au easy con science, and muet let those as 'ey done it bear the conseqnence, thoogh how Sir I Henry and Miss Maisie — ' ' Stop !' exclaimed Roy, raising his hands piteously, as if to ward off a heavy blow. "' Stop, not another word. I know all abont it Don't crush me further.' ' You kuow, you know,' arid Soames. Ob, sir, this is a relief ; if I'd on'y knowed aforo, how much easier it would faev bio. All my bother bev fain how could I tell you. There, sir, and you knowed all the time. If I may mek bold, who was it as tellrd ee F Miss Miily,' replied Roy, in a. tone so low that it was marvellous Soames heard bim. 'Mi-sb Mil-Iy — well I never. They did uv as how Misa At ill v accused t'other. Poor Mr. Bertie.' 'She told- me otherwise. Ah, Soames, how are we to bear it f Soames gazed back full into his yonng master's face. ' It's the inquers, sir, that's what I dreads. Roy sat silent ; rose and poked the fire. ' They twiases yer idside out at them iuquers,' said Soames, with a face as long as a fiddl'. You go and tell 'em jest what yon vowed as yer would not tell. I know, Mr. Roy, I'm bound to let out everythink. And that's what I corned about ; could not I get free of attending F In. his excitement he rose and shuffled his g«itered legs together. ' I am afraid, Soames, if you have had notice to be present there is no getting off Perhaps you — you have been talking too freely, else why shonld yon have been railed on.' 'Sir, do yon suppose that I as a faithful servant of Coxmoor for many years past, should say one word as would disturb the peace of its family. No, indeed ; sooner would I have my tongue cut out. Nobody knows that I saw uivtlilnk. Pva uwnrn. tnn In nnnr Mr. Bertie's guilt.' 'Then get ont of the matter by simply saying as much. I — ' The door opened ; Charlie entered. ' Roy, it's moBt annoying,' he ex claimed, vexedly. - ' Mark is not at his address, and the landlady has telegraphed back to say so. Careless of him, is it not? Mr. Boyd, you know,' tnrning to Soames to explain, ' If he'd been guilty he conld nothave behaved more shabbily than this. Perhaps he won't be re quired.' ' Perhaps not,' replied Roy, stiffly, as he turned aside. Be regatded Mb brother's vexation as merely assumed. He was in no mood far offering comfort. Rather was he in need of it. Moreover, since the catastrophe a dark cloud had risen up between him and Charlie. More on his side, perhaps, tboagh Charlie in his airy way resented it. 'Oh, I forgot,' ho observed, satirically ; 1 you don't think Mr. Boyd's presence necessary. In yonr opinion the guilty patty is within reach so long sb Charlie IrQDtODt J2iS<Ja'| IS IDGTc, JLDB(U)KD) awfully.' The bantering in. his tone was un pleasant. Soames might or might not be infiuenced by tit, or his next sentence might .proceed from -a totally distinct motive. \- Mr. Charles,' he said, pleadingly, .'do yon take an old faithful servants advice: Get away from here .before the inquers comes off if you can. There's none -but friends left then, and no one ran fix yon if yon go.' . Charlie stared haughtily. . 'Thank's, awfully,- old bones. Get off yourself. I am indebted to you, Roy, for this compliment, I suppose. If tarn ready for the hangman's noose it ill becomes those of my own to -tell me so. .. . ' N'importe ' with an air of jocularity — ' Pll promise you, Soames, au invita tion to the hanging.' He went out banging the door after him.: . , 'That is how he cares,' groaned Roy. Ob,' what ill fate is on the honro? and the-burden -of it falls on Miss Milly end 1-me. Bat you know my secret and will guard it, Soames. Charlie must be paved at all costs. You'll help, won't yonl' - " . .'V ! ' .Soainra gazed at fais young jnaster in some smprise, Happened his lips as if to say something, checked himself, and then said— 'Dont yon worry, Mr. Roy. Mr. Charjie aintnq-.indifferent.ns he seems. It's jest jthe : heaviness at fate enit that xnakra him speak a bit provokingriike. Aye, I'll guard what I seed to the death if I!m axed : Any questions. Happen like -theyron't 7say miujk ; jtp utey-ao'jjiavear i war cooiur. oiff tosee otej '.. \ ' . V '' -,-f ; ; 'Tp thmk Lehod-tecrayen enough ibpecmtt Miff tprayltitetto me,'-groaned riarture. > -Cltefli£;Charii: Ahat be5 j&e;!end could ontehaWfiredriieshot timtehdttl so dieaBbduriyby'abadent1quitel'W'hy,; why idtra'fc ypp nonfeas lt. I think l free poor Bertie from the charge Milly wilfully laid at bis dour.' Charlie, however, refused point blank <0 see R->y. Roy construed his conduct to fear. Charlie dared not meet him openly. Sir Henry, usually the most cheeiy and genial of men, wondered what caused the quarrel bttween his two eoub. The whole house was io a state of disorder and -discontent. Of course poor Treveryan's untimely end was a sad event, hut was it to set the whole family by the ears. There bad been no peace at Coxmoor since the catastrophe occurred. What with one thing and another, things seemed at sixes and sevens. ' Milly kept to her room. Maisie was like alucatic in her unfonnded thirst for revenge on Mark Boyd, whom no one save herself had a word againBt. Now ' Roy and Charlie were squabbling. Sir Henry genuinely wished the inquest over. The inquest came on that very after noon. The coroner aad his men held it in the hall where the coffin and its con tents were taken. Milly was the chief witness. Sbe spoke quietly and an- movedly scarcely raising her eyes. She testified that Bhe was the first with the victim after the accident, to the best of her beliet ' Why did ehe believe so F \- -DecttuBB sue wbh ou uiuse nut scareeiy a second elapsed between the report of the gnn and her being with Treveryan. He spoke in dying,' she said. ' To what effect ?' ' He declared that — that Horace Bertie had shot him.' ' Did he say deliberately ' shot him ?' Milly shook her head. Her tongue,her throat seemed dry. ' You are aware that you are on oath F Do yon swear that he did not say deliberately F ' I am positive he did not.' Sir Henry, Roy, and a few other im portant witnesses followed, Soames amongst tbem. He vowed he had neither heard nor seen anything in the least unusual till told by one of tbem — he quite forgot which in his flurry — that poor Mr. Treveiyan was killed, that Mr. Bertie had shot him. ' Sorely you heard the report of a gun?' 'There were so many guns a-firing abont in all directions that he had no means of telling which of them had proved fatal.' Miily was recalled. ' Had Treveryan and Bertie any ill- feeliog between them. Milly hesitated. She trembled visibly. ' None that I am aware of, unless it was jealousy,' she said, unwillingly. ' Mr. Bertie admired my sister, and she had just become engaged to the deceased.' Strong evidence against Mr. Bertie,they aH felt. ' Where is your sister ? Let her come,' said the foreman of the jary. ' We hoped to eparo her,' remarked Sir Henry. ' She is very much upset by the sad event, naturally, and,not having been in the woods, is it necessary for her to appear.' The jury Beemed to thick it was. Very excited, eyes and cheeks carmine, was Maisie. It was easy to see that she longed to speak. Words burst from her volubly. Her accusation against Hark Boyd was vehement aud unrestrained. So much so as to partly rob them of their stine. ' Mark Boyd,' eaid the coroner, turn ing to the police, ' How is it he is not here ?' ' Mr. Charles Gunton has undertaken to expLiu that, sir.' 'There was no necessity,' said Charlie, lightly, not entering into his friend's despicable behaviour in being absent. ' He and I were together when (he shot was aimed which killed Treveiyan. I can answer for his innocence as for my own. 'And, Mr. Coroner, you must not heed my daughter's wild adjurations againBt Boyd,' whispered Sir Henry, whose word went for much. ' Sbe is at present almost demented with grief. She evidently dislikes ' Boyd, and it renders her unjust.' The talk went on a little longer, and then they all ponred out of the hall,quite a small crowd of them, talking and chatting as if they had merely been dis cussing a trivial matter. George Treveryan was free to be bnried,and the verdict was against Horace Bertie for vilfnl mnrifar ' ' ' Wilful murder against Mr. Bertie !' MaiBie, wildly. 'Why, oh, why, are they so unjust ? They might know — they muet feel — that Horace Bertie was wholly incapable of committing mnrder ; I never cared for him, but .1 muBt be just.. His nature was opposed to each a crime. Mark Boyd shot George, I ray, and if we bad a proper trial his appear ance wonld have been instated od. Then why did Bertie disappear?' enquired Sir Henry. ' That fact has told so lamentably against him (bat the jury ciever even retired to deliberate on their verdict. The coroner was for clearing the room, but the foreman intimated there was no need, they were agreed. My opinion is that Bertie's gun must have 'done the mischief, but in advertently. Now all the work will be to find him".' 'Yes, pap.,' acquiesced Maisie, fever ishly, 'Mr. Bertie must be found. There is only Milly'a word against hini, and — and — I can't understand her. It seems to me as if — if she had some motive in accusing faim, yet as if she were sorry for it. Sbe won't listen to there bring the leaBt likelihood of it. being Mark Boyd ; says sbe is positive that he is innocent ; yet If it is a proof of guilt in Horace Bertie disappearing why should it not be the same in Mark Boyd's case —aye, a thonsand times mora .. Did he not threaten to kill George F and she burst into tears. 'If I. were dying I could swear he did. Itfsnot fate. . I—' \- « My poor stricken Maisie, try and he brave,' said Sir Henry, tenderly. : ! T will— I am, papa.: But don't you see l want my dirliug's murderer to be 4 rii".:'-'. "v : Tke next day a Jady called.: Her card waJMxioJiLrp.jMrQB. loerxurase. YEorate's (Botiigr wjm.fe -tell stately lady, frith-white hair, and a iwas irauiua,but" griff rhofeied' dpute'l'fritiiril'iwa8 quite: deem Jier son guilty. :If .-rite shot>ismb& did the mischief had in reality prooecdsfl .came great frieude, because from Maisie she derived comfort. Miily declinedte see her, simply sending a message that she could tell no further than anyone else, could. Mrs. Bertie stayed for luncheon, but could not be prevailed ou to take more than a biscuit and glass of wine. . In the middle of tbe meal she arose, apologising for the act. 'Sir Henry, you will join with me in doiogyour utmost to trace mypoor eon,' she pleaded, in parting. ' This misguided step of bis may cost him dear. . He conld not have taken a worse one to prove him guilty.' 1 1 will ; I will, Mrs. Bertie. He wsb a great favourite of mine.' . ' But let him stay quietly where he ie till 'the affair blows over,' remarked Charlie, uneasily. Roy's eyes pierced him with a look which Charlie would not meet. - ' Mrs. Bertie, if it is any comfort to you to kndw that one person thoroughly believes' in your son's innocencejou may take it from me. Perhaps some day we mske shake hands over the matter.' 'If I live,' ehe sobbed, heart- brokenly. 'Milly, like a black ghost in the mourning which they had assumed .for fin George Treveryan, was crossing the hall in the afternoon, when she raw a man-servant coming dowo the staircase wiui ib puririusuweau. c uuuiriug it waa Charlie, hie carriage and air aB haughty as ever waa'Mairie's at her proudest. 'Yes, I'm off' said he, in answer to her look". I cannot stand any more of this. You and Roy between you are too much to endure. You've gaessed my secret, I suppose, and you can't bear to have me in yonr sight. I ought to have confessed, I suppose — it is shabby of me — hut life is dear to every man, aud ' ' Ob, Charlie, Cbarlie,it is so dreadful,' burst out Milly, in a violent fit of weep ing. 'The lie I have told, and yonr — your guilt F ' I don't see wby you take it so badly,' said Charlie, drawing on his gloves carefully. ' A lie that saves a man from hanging is a most pardonable one in my eyes. No doubt I'm partial, but wait and hope. Mill, and FU do as much for you some day.' He held ont his arms for a parting kiss. She shrank back visibly, horror in her eyes. 'Cannot you forgive me enough to bestow a farewell salute on your brother?' he said. ' You do, indeed, resent my badness. Good-bye, Mill, and — aud thank you— for wbat you have done. Say ta- ta to the others.' Milly proceeded ou berway. On reach ing the study ehe sank down on to the eofa, and buried her face in tbe cushions, convulsed with grief. Wbat is the matter, Milly F asked Roy. She had not seen him. ' Charlie is going away. He — he — does not — feel his dreadfal position one bit — and — and oh, Roy, it is all so hopeless look which ever way yon will. We can never be happy — never bold np our heads again ! The eword of Damocles has darkened our doors, and may descend at any moment. And then, poor injured Bertie, and hiB desolate widowed mother !' ' You just feel what I was feeling,' said Roy, with iofinite tenderness. ' It does all look dark, Milly, and we are verilv euiltv. vou and I together. Yet how ran we denounce our brother — it ia not to be expected. And I am glad Charlie has gone. I could have felt more sympathy with him if bis remorse had been deeper. He did not display — whatever he may have felt — as great sorrow or shame for his crime aa we did. Ah, dear Milly. I need not remind you where to take all your sorrow.' ' But not this one, surely, Roy. When we do right we may seek help from there. Now — now we cannot expect succour from auy.' Boy bowed bis head. He could make no rejoinder. And that night, aa they were sitting down to dinner, a telegram from Mark Boyd arrived. 'Thousand apologies. Just returned. Wire immediately if wanted.' A message was retained say ing the inquest was ended, and his pre sence was therefore not necessary. The next day George Treveiyan was buried in the Gnnton's vault.- He was almost without relations, and the few he had lived abroad. The blinds at Coxmoor were drawn and the world went on as before, save that the search for Horace Bertie was faring prosecuted with great energy Hu mother's place, Briarwood was under police surveillance. It had been searched twice unsuccessfully, yet the general opinion was that he was bidden there. What so likely as that he should escape to hu own home. Briar- wood was only about twenty-five miles from Coxmoor. So a watch was being kept, bnt it was Milly'a incessant prayer that he shonld not be fonnd. What might not happen to them if be were ?' (To be continued.) 