The Shadow of a Whim. Hy L.L. in 7 Vi ff A uslruüiut PuitluiiiUtttK' llctucu; TAU,, und of powerful frnmo iv i th rugged, smir-looking features hulf liidden by a mass of course, rod hair, wis tho 'mini who stood ut tho door of u rickety old hut on ii summer's evening gazing fixedly across thu brown parched plain which streteh od away in iront ns fur ns thc eye could roach. Tho silence, but for tho bizz-z-7. of tho mosquitoes, was intonso, tho loneliness absolute. Tho only object between tho mau und the nicy-lino darkening reilly on the fur western horizon was n whim. It stood gaunt and black some thirty yards away. As the sun grow lower a look of intense expectation arose in the watching fuco. Tho mouth oponed, thc crufty eyes became, mere slits under the bushy brows, und thc low .forehead lilied with wrinkles. Evi- dently something was about to hap- pen. Lower yet tho sun, until forth from the rude wooden frame- work dark shadows crept stealthily across the plain, and arranged them- selves gradually ¡md systematically into the .similitude of a huge gallows. Almost us quickly as formed it broke und died away. The sun had sot. Til o man drew n long breath of relief, the drawn features relaxed. Every night for six months since the rose mb ln.nce first struck him had he stood in Uko marmor to stare at it .?ind wait for it with ii sort of ourio fascination, albeit, as will bo pre- sently perceived, ono well-nigh un- troubled with nerves -remorseless, conscienceless. "Blast tho thing!" he exclaimed presently, giving himself a shako, and going inside to prepare his sup- per. Tho mea I over, he took (motlier look around from tho door. Darkness hung now like a pall over tho great plain. Silent foo, as ever, but for tho insects and the measured munching of the old whiin horso eating hay in Hie little pud dock at thc back of tho hut, a sound accentuated by the universal still- ness. Apparently satisfied, he closed ' the door, and betook himself to his usual evening's occupation. Along thc middle of tho hut stood a shoot of bark supported by four forked sticks. This was the table. Taking tho slush-lump, ho went cm his knees underneath it. and with a butcher's knife scraped away tho earth. When he rose ho held in his hands an old cash-box, battered und rusty. Placing it it in front of him ho pulled at a strip of soft groon hide running from his belt into his trou- sers pocket. To this was attached the key. Thc smart snap of tho lock as it turned showed that it was in good order. Before raising tho lid, once again Hie mun went to the door, and looked out into the void. If another hud stood face to face with him he would have been invisible. But he hud done exactly as lie was now doing ?for many months. And lie did it this night-mechanically and of habit, ns ho had watched and waited for the shadow. For a few minutes ho stood, and then re-entered, not know- ing that his hot, panting breath had lifted tho damp hair of a doomed man. No soul save the ration-eiuu'ier from tho head-station ever came near that lonely hut on tho plains. Even that seldo'm-visitor never left his cart. Ile simply throw down tho full bags to tho surly, scowling whiin-man, took up tho empty ones, and drove away. No station hand, if he could avoid it, ?would go neal" "Crabby." The moroseness urn! the set gloom and savagery of him forbade all advances. Sitting nt the table .'iud opening the box, lui took out a par- cel wrapped in oilcloth. Untying this, und anothor of dirty moleskin, n stream, of light burst, forth, as, twinkling and scintillating, a heap of diamond ornaments and loose stones were displayed. Brooches, sprays, rings, lockets, and one splendid tiara, and thickly encrusted with tho same precious gems. How he hung gloat- ingly over thom, now holding ono up to tho dull, light, turning it this way and that, tho botter to catch the irc . li'.scont gleams, not striving to force a. superb circlet over the tip of a groat grimy fingor. ISriglitly.'too, shone tho eyes of tho watcher peeping through tho wide apnrt slabs ns ho clapped his hands ?joyfully, and softly whispered to .himself. " What a streak o'lnck ; what a_ streak o' luck! To think o'drop pin' across him in this way; and to think as fir's stuck to the swag right along ! What a streak o' luck. Meanwhilo the other, taking up each article separately and closely scrutinising it. was saying, "there's a fortune' in 'oin-mebbo two or .. three. I oughtor, took lill them jules out afore. ' But I 'ndu't thc 'art to chuck the stuff away. It mus' g though. Why one o' thom marks' - alluding to nil earl's coronet on on of the bracelets - "'d preciou quick scrag a feller. No man can' 'elp a-hoppin' o' the twig with a 'ea as is scrunched Uko n heg- shell Producing a pair of nippers aud small file he began to work at th I setting of the tiara. Presently, a with bungling unaccustomed fingen he cut, and wrenched, and twistet his glance rested upon a dull re stain. Involuntarily he pauset whilst across his brain there flashe a picture. A huge London mansion, hnsho and silent in the dead season of th night, a solitary figure, stcalhi: swiftly with list-shod feet up th broad staircase, a. luxurious chumbe in which, like some watchful ey« a fire smouldered reilly, and fron behind the drawn curtains of whoa massive bed came the sound of sof breathing, then the great dressin« table, tho scattered gems, reflecthij a thousand-fold the light of the Ian tern, and whose tall mirrors cnusei him to start back in aiVriglit at hi own crape-clad features. Then tin return, the fall of the statue on tin stairway, the roused household, tin white-haired man who strove to staj him, the curious crashing feel as h< sank under the jemmy, the hot blooi running down the iron on to hil hands, tho wild flight into the night How vividly it all passed before hil mind as ho rested his chin on hi: hands and gazed with half-shut eye: into tho smoky lump-light. Then hi: thoughts strayed to his eomp.mioi in that adventure-Nod the Nipper a noted cracksman, whose instruc tions to remain on watch and no" stir he had paid no heed to, althougl little better than a novice on his first " big job." Neither of Ned nor any other oi his pals had ho heard since, and he chuckled aloud as he pictured him tile experienced and wily burglar in tho dock and tho prison coll, whilst, he, tho tyro, sat safe and sound 12,00C miles away with a fortune he fort him. 80 deep had boon his reverie that lie failed to notice the noiseless entrance of a man who stood gazing at him from the other end of the table. Then, when under the fixity of tho strange eyes, lie at length looked ui> anti stared unbelievingly as at one of tho latest phantoms of his imagination, the stranger laughed loud and long. " Blest," he exclaimed, throwing down an old carpet bag he carried, and coming forward, " if I could get the run of it at fust. Began to think I mus' ha' stumbled on some ole fencing shop in this same blarsted bush o' Hostraly ! Talk about a. rum go ! Aint thís 'ere one, though ? Loses my way aud gits hoff the road, which amt no road-on'y 'keep the sun 011 yer hack till yer gits to the station'-an' copies slap up agin my ole pal as guv all his mates the slip arter that bit o' a job at Brompton, a-settin' like a homperor in his palace n.-coimthi' of his julory." "What aro you grinning at?" lie continued, approaching, "I aint 110 ghost, you big fool ! I'm Ned tho Nipper," a. gent as you've hon rd on afore. Put it there, old pal, an' say as yer reglar overjoyed to see mo arter near bein' tho death o' me," holding out his hand, which Crabby took reluctantly, and without a word in reply to the other's voluble chat- ter. Without noticing, apparently, this cool reception, tho new comer continued " I soe you've got our swag all right. When I roads on'y 'orriblo murder' in tho paper, an'no mention o' notb in' else, I begins to think ¿is you 'ad made a mess of it, an' no mistake. Then, presen'ly, conies the reward for the fam'ly jules, tin' I scz to myself, 'Jim aint the fool I thought he was. Somehow ho's got off AV i th 'om clean an' clover. Things is gittin' uncomfortibblo over here. I'll take a 'oliday trip for a whiles. P'raps I'll drop ncrost Jim; p'raps I mayn't. If I don't, why I don't. If I does an* he's got any o' the swag left, why I'll bet he'll never seo a old pal in tlie cold.' But, Jimmy, wot ever made yon hit so wicious ?" Then tl ie other spoke for the first time. "Who ivos it ?" he asked, moisten- ing his parched lips with his tongue. " Wos it the lier] ?" "Tho herl," laughed the visitor, "no, but the Rori's butler, Jimmy, an' ho never spoke owt not one Avord arter you hits him. If t'd boen the Herl hisself they'd 'a, dug up all this 'ero cont'nent of Hostraly, my lad, but they'd a had yer. Ay, Jimmy, .you'd abeen dancin' a fandango, my boy. ou à wacuum long afore this." ' "When I hears the rumpus," he wont on, "I was in one o' tho top ilrorin-rooms, Nat'rally, I makes fer thc 'all, where I'd left yor. Not a sign o' nothiii' ccpt people a-singin' bout, an mimili' this way an' t'other ; some with candles an' some with lamps. I crouches behind a big stand 011 tlie fust lundwi', as was covered with flowers, an' presently I sees you a-i'iimiin', tcarin' along through the crown with tlie jemmy a-floùrishiii' round' yer 'ead, for all tho world like a mad Hirishma.n at a ponny gaff. I knowed it was about time to hook it thou. Au' how did you manage to cut yor lucky so clever ?" "1 never stopped," replied the whim-man, after a long pause, "tillI got to tho docks. There was a steamer just startin.' It were pitch dark, 'an I jumped on board, an' never showed up till she got to 'Ara- burg. You knows I've been at sea afore. An' from there I works my passage out." "Ali' stuck to them all through?" exclaimed tho other admiringly, and with a motion of his hand towards tho jewels. "Wot luck, to bo sure ! Au' wot a dodge for you-might say' ii green un-to play. None on us 'ad a notion what 'ad become o' yer. Tho polico was completo bothered over the job. Says Hodson to me (yon knows the inspector), says lie, ' Wo're.protty certain; Nipper, it 'ain't, none o'your work,'ho says, 'Your I'and's too light for sich. But, say.« he, ' where's thtit pal o' yourn got to -that un you calls Big Jim ? " "'Big Jim,' I says innercent as n babby. 'Why, Mister Hodson, 1 heard as he wont back to the se« months agono ! Little did I guess as I was so nearly n-tellin tho truth !" Crabby now rose and put the billy on the fire, also making preparations for a meal, whilst the other ran on ns he handled and admired the jewels " Little did I reckon, either, on droppin' on a old pal in this way, to say nothin' of a half-share in such a show-case as this." The other made no reply, but he scowled, and a savage look.came into h is face. Quickly observing this, Ned remarked carelessly-" Oh, I was for gettin' somethiii'. There's a thou san' xj°nn' reward. Five, 'undred from Guv'mont, an' another five 'undred from the Herl. Likewise, there's a free parding to the one what blows the gaff, so long *s he ain't the actooal murderer. So you sees, Jimmy, if I'd a wanted to make muney on yer I'ad the chance." The speaker was a remarkable contrast to his bulky morose companion, who moved about the hut as if lost in thought, paying no attention, or appearing not to do so, to tho other's remarks. Dapper, and slight of stature, cleau-sliaven mid close crop- ped, witli a pair of sly bhick eyes, sparkling now with the enjoyment of malice, he was a fair type bf the Cockney cracksman whose haunts lie in tlie slums around Whitechapel. " Here," exclaimed he, presently, after swallowing a few mouthfuls, give ns them tools ! You're a clumsy joker at that kind o' work, whatever you is with a jemmy. If you 'adn't been a-fool you'd a 'ad 'em all out long afore this." Crabby, who had resumed his former occupation, rose silently, and under the touch of the other's prac- tised fingers, tho stones soon dropped rapidly out of their settings. Meanwhile the other surveyed him with a look in which distrust, greed and hatred were visibly blended. " Lies most of 'em," ho muttered, with the habit contracted of lone- liness. " He's bin a-taiokin' of me. This amt no chance game as he's a. gammonin'. I s'pose now ns he'll want whacks, arter me a. cloin'all the work an' a runnin' all the risk !" and a sombro light came into his eyes as ho laughed grimly to himself. " Wot are yo a gabblin' an' a grin nin at there like a jolly ole tom- cat ?" said Ned who, his task com- pleted, Avus running his fingers backwards and forwards < amongst the glittering heap before him, evolv- ing mild tinklings and bright corus- cations from the gleaming stones. " Come here," he continued, "an' let's see wot we'll do with'em. It won't be safe for you to venture out yet awhile. I b'lieves myself, as the best thing to do 'li be for me to go down to Sydney with the lot an' seo what I can got for em. No T-as tho other shook his head in dissent-" AVoll, then, let's see wot we got, an' arve 'um." _ Quickly he counted the stones, dividing them into two equal .'por- tions. " There, stud he, " ole chap, as you done most o' the work-nltho' don't forgot as it was me that laid yon on to tlie crib-first pick's yourn. Take which you likes." As hi) turned on his stool to look up into the other's face, down came the knife, hidden for many minutes past, down and home to tho handle through flesh and bono iii the breast of bini. " Clumsy, am I ?" muttered the assassin, ns he stood unconcernedly watching his victim writhing on the floor, " seems I can use a knife as well's a jemmy, anyhow, by the look o' things." Then, after, with an evil smile, making ti single package of the loose jewels and restoring it to the old cash-box, ho dragged tho corpse into a. corner, Then, fetching a pick and shovel that stood just outside, ho pulled up the four forks on which the table rested, and. began to dig within the parallelogram. It was hot, and his shirt grew so wet that ho took it off and flung it impatiently away. It lit on tho face of tho dead man, and covered the staring eyes. All through the night he picked and dug. Unce or twice he paused to renew tho grease in the fluttering lamp. Once or twice he went to tho door and looked out. A 'full, pule moon was hanging just above the horizon, and the cross-burs and frame of the scaffold lay like black shadows on ti field of silver. What few nerves ho had responded to the significance of the thing, and he shivered slightly and shook Iiis fist at it. As the dawn carno greyly in he stopped, and, getting out of tho hole, surveyed his work. " Big enough for a helephunt," ho said aloud, " let alone for ii little 'un like he." Catching hold of its legs he drew the stiffened body to the grave, and rolled it in. As he stared into tho pit ho saw that his shirt had gone in also. Unhesita- tingly he jumped down for it. Scram- bling up, he noticed that it Avas deeply stained with blood, and with tm oath ho cast it hack again. Then, collect- ing the gold and silver setting, and the trinkets despoiled of their gems, he dropped them one by one, mid re- luctantly, on to the corpse. Now he shovelled the enrth in, methodically and without hurry, and smoothed it neatly ; drove the four # forks bnek again ; scraped dark moist stains off tho floor, ¡ind roplaced tho sheot of bark table. The earth left over he then threw into the open fireplace, remarking -" It wanted"' risin' ; it mightn't smoke so bad now." ? As ho finished mid extinguished the lamp, by this hissing like a frying pan, and smelling of rancid1 fat, the sun' shot his first beams iii through chink and cranny. In ten 'minutes ho had built a fresh fire.. Another ten, and he sat at his frugal break- fast, .with his feet pn> the^'freshly turned earth, few seeing him would suspect how the night had passed at Out Back Ugandi. The following day, whilst the old horse stumped his monotonous round and his master tipped the brimming buckets into the long line of troughs, ready for the sheep converging on the well from all quarters, the leaders at full trot, and bleating thirstedly, the ration carrier came. When lie returned to Coolamon head-station he delivered to the super, on behalf of the whim man, the customary "week's notice." " Damn him !" said the 4 boss.' " If ever there was a born 'hatter" I thought he was one ! Got the cheek to call it lonely, has lie ? Well, wo must look out for another man. That well's to be kept going 'till this dry weather breaks." " Ay," muttered Crabby, as he stood thatevening andsmoked and watched with intenser interest than ever for the forming of the shadow-gallows. "Av, I'll go down an' sell the smallest on em. Lies, all lies (with a furtive glance over his shoulder), o' his ! No on' can't 'avo no 'spicions out 'ere. Then I'll be off to Hameriky or some- wheres, an' 'ave a jolly good time on the squnre. Mt ich luck he got a fol lerin' an' a spyin' an' trackin' o' me !" Then the shadow foll, and in his abstraction ho lot his pipe go out. Turning to enter the hut, a little bird, known in tho Australian bush as the " Shepherd's Companion," and that pipes all night through, in the long summer nights, alighted close by and jerked out his call of " Sweet, pretty creature," again and again. This irri- tated the man and picking up a bono lie hurled it at the bird. Ho was getting nervous. Then he went in and lit his lamp, and sat and gloated over his gems, amusing himself by forming them into all sorts of curious figures against the dark brown of the bark, whilst the bird, returning, flew on to the chimney, and piped; inces- santly, ' Sweetpretty crenture-pretty sweet little creature.' At last the ration carrier, with another whim man, put in an appear- ance. With the latter came a big red dog-his property. Crabby's swag was soon ready, mid, with a few part- ing instructions, he was about to get into the cart when tho^ behaviour of the dog drew his attention. Running wildly in and out of the hut he uttered short sharp burks, whilst the foam flew in patches from his jaws, mid his coat stood up in bristly furrows. " What the h-li's the matter with old Jack !" exclaimed his master. " I never seed him carry on liko that aforo !" " Got a bait, I should say," remark- ed the ration-carrier. " Only there's no poison, as I knows on, here- abouts." Suddenly tho dog ceased his move- ments, and, sitting on his haunches at the threshold, wailed loud and long, and dolefully. "He's a gobi' mad," said Crabby to the stranger, who was regarding him inquisitively. "I seen his sort afore. You'd best shoot the brute. Como on, mate, I've got no timo to waste. Let's be, gettin'." And, so saying, he stepped np alongside the ration-carrier, and they drove off, fol lowed across the plain by the .sounds of. ill-omen..' . " Airli ! solp mc, mishter, I cnn gif no more. Der shtoiic isli a goot shtone. Dero ¡sh no doubt off dat. Bud dey ish ash common ash dirt in dése days. Fifo poun' cash, ant van of dose reculator vatehes, vi eh ish voil' anodor lifo." The speaker was a Jew pawnbro- ker, who, through a glass was closely scrutinising a line diamond which ho had been testing, and whoso lowest value was at the least fifty guineas. At the outer side of the highest counter, with his hang-dog slouch and Amoroso features-bared now, these last, in all their bad outlines by a eloso shave- accentuated and emphasised by a suit of loud ill-fit- ting slops, stood Crabby. " Ah ! " he exclaimed bitterly, with a malevolent glance at the cunning, sensitive face, "I'vecome across your sort aforo down Pottiuot-lane way, likewise nroun' a shop as is called Seven Dials, of which you've mayhap heard. But you ain't a-goin' ter German-Jew me. I aint onie o' these hore fresh- picked ilostralinns, what don't - know they're alive without bavin' to scratch theirselves. I kin soe by yer mug an' yer style that yer a fence, right enough. But yer a -poor one, an' one as don't know his business. Give us that thing back again, yo old miser." "Ach.!" replied the other with a grin, as ho handed the gem over, all tlie more readily for having caught tho glimpse of a face peering through the screen of goods that hung, in tho window. " Ach, veil, veil, mishter, ish dat. zo ? Don I viii keep mine monish ant mino reculator yatch. You viii keep your shtone, ant der viii pe no harm ton. Bud"-with a warning motion of uplifted and quivering forefinger-" Bud pe gnre vull, mino shild. Dis ish von gueer gountry. Doy, in dis gountry, viii hang ninnis for yat in de oilers you get bud vive, zix stretsh. Be garevull mine boor veller." With a vindictive scowl mid mut- tered imprecation the other shambled away, whilst the pa wnbroker, looking out, chuckled gleefully, as he noticed the man who had manifested such an interest in tho contents of his window saunter listlessly, af ter him. For some mimites Crabby hesitated before the doors of a large jeweller's shop in George-street. Then, with a defiant look around, he entered. " Buy diamonds ? Certainly," sn id the shopman, manifesting no suprise at the speaker's appearance. Thc roughest-looking bushmen sometí m es turned, out better customers than the " swells," and'were, as a rule, ii much easier class to deal with. " Uncut, I supposé,"'he continued. " Will you let mo see a sample ?" Producing from a little leather purse the same gem as he offered the Jew, C^ibby said-" That's only one lon 'oiu,imistér.V1:.Tbére's lots more left where that un * growed. 'If yer s ! a-going to linet on the square with a , cove, an' not try to come any hanky panky, why, I'll see if the rest on em ain't to he found." At this speech the shopman looked up suspiciously. Finding, however that the diamond was a genuine one, he called the master of the place, who also closely inspected it and its owner until the latter began to grow uneasy under the prolonged sc-ruting. " A very fine gem, indeed," said the jeweller at last. " May I ask where ¡ you got it-just as a matter of pre j caution to ourselves, you know, in case we should deal," he hastened to add, seeing un angry light rising in the other's bloodshot eyes. "I got it hup the bush," replied Crabby, sulkily. > " There's more there. Tm a-goin' back to get 'em when I sells that un." i " Just so," remarked the other I sauvely, " I suppose, then, you are a digger, and procured this stone in the usual way-out of the earth ?" " Eggsackly, " answered Crabby, "an' no moren a week agone. But that's enough jawn,," he added rudely. " If ye means business-how much ? If not, say so." Before a reply could be made aman walked swiftly into the shop, laid his had on Crabby's shoulder, and said : " James Burgess, alias ' Big Jim,' I you're my prisoner !" The other, after a look in the new- comer's face, flung wildly around ; but catching sight of two stout con- stables at the door, thought better of it, and, with an oath, held forth his hands for the cult's, as he nsked, " Wot's the charge, Mister Hodson ?" " Wilful murder," replied tho officer, as with skill born of long experience he began then and there to search hif prisoner. " It's a lie," growled the other. " I never killed nobody." " Umph," said his captor ; " if poor old Bennett, the Earl's butler, could step in now, I fancy he'd be inclined to argue the point. But he didn't die before he gave us a clue, " Where's the 'Nipper' ?" The suddenness and directness of tho question appeared for a moment to stun tho prisoner. Recovering himself with an effort, he said - " What about him ? How the h-ll should I know where he is ?" " Oh, no matter," replied the officer, as from a secret pocket he produced the rest of the diamonds, " only we had him for another job, and to savo his skin he turned Q.E. on yoxx for this little affair, and cleared up some details that we were bothered about. He got six months. Did that; and was supposed to have come out here for a holiday, so to sj)eak. I'm out for pleasure too. But whon I can add business to it I don't feel it right to decline." The inspector was in high feather, and inclined to be pleased with him- self. " However," ho continued, with a sharp glance nt thoother'si'uriously looking features, " never mind the .Nipper.' I daresay he is rjght enough. Perhaps, indeed, he might be all the better for your not having come across him, although you ware pals in tho old country, eh, Jim ?" " Oh !" whispered Crabby, hoarsely, yet in a tone of such heart-felt satis- faction as made the inspector stare. " Ho come it on me, did ho-blowed the gaf on his mate ? An' then he starts a-trackin' an a-tryin' to gam- mon of him. Well, I uiver was sorry, uiver guv' it a second thought, as you may say. But now I'm real pleased, u'most ns pleased, Mr. Hodson, as if I hadn't mot yer 'onour." And he laughed and chuckled to himself with unfeigned delight. "Spects this'll be a swing-swung sort of business, eh ?" he asked, as a signalled cab drove up to the door. " Nothing more certain," replied the officer, coolly; one doesn't go about smashing people's skulls for nothing." " An' a couple'd make it more cer- tainer still ?' Tho inspector nodded expectantly. " Then look in tho ole hut, under the table, an' ye'll seo what 'appeiis to a cove as goes back on his pal. There's a gal lus there, too," he added, with a grin at his own conceit, "the biggest gallus as over you seed : but I doubts if t would bear my weight." They hanged him, months after- wards. Long streaks of rosy light foll athwart* the paved yard over whose tall walls the sunrays were striving to clamber, iirojecting, ns they grew higher, ahuge facsimile of the fatal tree across the stones. As he stood, unmoved, oil the plat- form, in the splendour of the dawn- ing, disregarding tho exhortations of the priest, he kept his eyes fixed on this- only repeating at intervals words that no one there understood -" The shudder of tho whim ! The shudder of the whim!" BLAKEUROOK FOUEST RESEIIVE.-Part of forest reserve 2-10, parish Blakebrook, con- taining 2IXK).acres, with frontage to Terania Creek, bas been revoked. SU acres of this, included in portions 78, 7-1, 70, 77. 7S, 70, 81, and 82, have been proclaimed a special area at the price of £1 per acre ; also i)51¿ acres, contained in portions Si to S3) inclusive anti 0-1, price £2. This will lie open to sélection on 13th .Tidy. 250 acres of the reserve has been set apart for camping and water supply. DKEDH nv GRANT.-Tim following are ready for issue at thc Lauds Titles Office, and can be obtained by payment of stump duty anti assurance fees-H. L. Barnes,'Copmanhurst; John Davidson, Quyarigo ; XV. Davison, Copmanhurst; E.S. and A.C. Bank, Mary- vale (2); Joseph Eaton, Coif ; XV. Ellem, Eaton; Bank N.S.W., Woogoolga ; E. F. T. Schneider. Bonville ; Tv II. Smith. Hassan (8) ; C. G. Tindal, Bonshaw (5) ; AV. H. Williams, Lanitza.. .. . : We most heartily recommend WOLFE'S ScUN'Arrs as a pure invigornut, good alike to men, women and even infants. It tones and braces up the ? system and. aids digestion. One pound orders are placed under tho labels of many of the large bottles.' To - secure the genuino article buy a. whole bottle, and. don't .bu imposed upon by imitations. ¡ ¡'NyoEEB's SCHNAPPS is n well known and : well . tried stimulant, and'was sold fifty years ago by cbouiists as a tonic.*.* ? ' . «'?..;. ; 