NOTES AND COMMENTS. By X Y Z.J That Maclean mystery is really a most mysterious - mystery. The smartest L detectives in the police force have been sent there, the constables around the house of Mrs. Hart have been doubled and trebled in numbers, alleged offen ders are now in gaol undergoing terms of imprisonment, and yet after all the bombardment of stones goes on as merrily as ever. Last week, however, things took a new turn, and a volley of missiles, lasting for about five min utes, were lodged on the roof of a house situated next to Mrs. Hart's residence. The shrieks of the female inmates and the rattling of the stones on the galvanized iron brought the townspeople to the place in crowds, but as usual nothing ; could be found to indicate the cause of the trouble. Residents in the locality have arid are .receiving almost .daily all kinds of , threatening letters, so . that if the dis turbances are/ being: caused by a " ghost," the said spectre is not short of pens ; and papers in the region which he inhabits. o— — That good old Protectionist .yarn about the products of American gaol labour being dumped into New South Wales bobbed up again serenely dur ing the recent timber trade deputation. One gentlemen said " Doors could no longer be made at a; profit,- and it was said that three-fourths of those that camefrom America were prison-made." Well, I really believed this ancient gag had been relegated to the limbo of the burst-ups, but it seems to have as . many lives as a cat. More than three years ago the Messrs. Spreckels, of San Francisco, pledged their reputa tion that there was not a word of truth in the then oft repeated assertion about the doors imported into this colony being prison-made. After that the tale was given a rest for a while, then out it was lugged as large as ever. . Again proof positive was adduced that the:story was incorrect, and again it was buried only to be resurrected. However, it is now brought out only in a shame-faced sort of a way ; no one is bold enough to state it as a fact.;" it is \- always put in ; the. form of " It is said." The daily journals of Sydney have come out of the recent banking crisis with their plumage sorely torn and draggled; 'By deliberate suppression of facts they -sought first to maintain the public confidence in shaky institu tions, and when; that failed they did not hesitate to scatter lies right and left in a foolish attempt to avert the catastrophe. But the confidence of the people had been shaken in the me tropolitan newspaper reports as well as in the banks, so e-ven when there . wasre-assuribg news it was disbelieved, 'f Honesty is the best policy." If the daily journals had stuck to the truth . through thick and thin, then their ac counts as to the' perfectly solvent state of certain institutions and of the ship ments of gold which have been made from England would have been be- \- lieved, and institutions which are now suspended would have been carrying on business to-day. But what reliance can be placed in journals who an nounced weeks ago that millions of gold were being despatched from Cey lon, and which on the day before the Commercial of Sydney suspended quoted their shares at 80. o What the mischief are the Grafton \- oaivauumsus jjguuug auuuui xuts correspondent in that town of the Northern Star writes "The- Salva tion Army is not free from schism. The Grafton corps, through a dif ference between the members is split into two factions, one adheriug to the officers, the others styling themselves : ex- Salvationists and worshipping on ! their own account. According to the seceders, they had good grounds for their action, but these, for the present must not be divulged, though it is not improbable they will even tually be ventilated in a public manner. " o ! Retrenchment for ever ! A contem porary makes the suggestion that the greater portion of the work of the Civil servants should be performed by prisoners of educational attainments confined in our gaols. A capital idea ! Why should it not be carried out? The public would soon get used to the sight' of a gentleman with closely cropped hair and clad in garments beautifully decorated with broad ' arrows sitting as P.M. at West Kemp- sey, and no doubt a long firm swindler would be considered just the man to- be in charge of, say a money order and savings bank office. . Certainly there would be no difficulty if the system was. once introduced in starting a state bank, for there are enough bank officials in prison now in N.S.W. to manage and officer not one but a dozen banks. 