THE CASE OF LADY LUKESTAN. Bt A. Galbbaith. [Author of " The Spin of the Coin," to.] ( Concluded.) I enquired if it were poasible that in hie ab sence any other clergyman could have been* pressed into the service. "Quite impossible," he replied. "If any priest could be found willing to commit such a. breach of etiquette, he would certainly have informed me of it afterwards ; and,, in - any case, the olerk would have been oalled." I said I should like to see the register, .and' Mr. Maihyn led the way to the church. It stood, as Miss Ardilaun had said, on an eminence at some distance from the village, and was separated from the vioarage by . the entire length of the garden and churchyard. " Is this door always open ?" I enquired, as we entered the south porch. "Betweenmatins and evensong the church is open for private prayer, though," with a sigh, "my parishioners do not often avail themselves of the privilege." We went up to the vestry. It was furnished' with a table, two ebairs, a hanging oupboard, and a massive ironbound chest of blaok oak. The vicar took a bunch of keys from, his - pocket, selected one of peculiar ahape, un locked the cheat, and produced the register. "We have not many marriagss.here," he said, "I have only solemnized two in the last six months; the last was in April." He turned to the place. There, were two entries at the top of the page. The final date on the preceding leaf was for. December 30. I made a minute examination of the pages;, then I glanced keenly at my companion.. "Mr. Martyn,"I said, "those two leaves arc stuok together." " Impossible!" he answered. "Feel them," I rejoined. "This page is thieker than the rest, and ths-edgea are not. quite even at the bottom." He scrutinized the book, testing the sub stanoe of the paper between his thumb andt forefinger. "Yeu are quite right," he said quietly,. though I should never have noticed it. Have you a knife?" I opened my penknife and .very carefully in-, sorted thethinnest blade. How the leaves had been secured it was im possible to say. There was not the slightest., trace of muoillage on the edges of the paper, and the incision once made they parted easily. At the top of the left-hand page was the. entry of a marriage between Arthur Evelyn, Lukeatan, bachelor, and Pamela Mary Ardi laun,. spinster. The witness was William John, Ptrker. "My God!" The exclamation osme from the vicar. His. tyea were fixed on the register, and his faoe. was white to the very lips. " What is it ?" I asked in. surprise. He pointed speechlessly to the fourth signa ture. It was written in a Am, very uncommon, hand. "Cyprian George Martyn." "That is not your name, Mr. Martyn;" He faoed me suddenly. "It is not," be answered ; "itis that of my brother Cyprian, who died laat October." I oonfees I felt horribly taken ahaok. Miss Ardilaun's admission that she had been ac quainted with the younger Martyn, taken in connection with tie outer peculiar oiroum itances attending her marriage, gave rise in, my mind to a very uncomfortable suspicion. I regarded my elienb with the sinoerest ad miration and sympathy. 1 was anxious to. prove the validity of her chums and the truth, of her statements ; bat I oould not blind my self to the fact of her position being desperate, and X knew that a desperate woman, is fre quently unscrupulous. For a few aeoonds we remained silent, eaoh, I believe, suspecting the other's complicity in what was evidently a deep-laid plot; then I pulled myself together. "You say that u your brother's name, Mr. Martyn; is it also his handwriting ?'* "It is like it—very like its butUcanonly be a forgery, since, as I told yon, my brother J is dead." . , „ I examined the entry oarefully. "The particulars are filled in by the same band, and it would not, I imagine, be an easy one to imitate. Had you seen this signature during your brother's lifetime should you hare any doubts as to its being genuine?" " If he were living, none." "I should like to compare it with an authen ticated speoimen of his writing, if you have one by you. I need not apologize for the trouble I am (jiving you, sinM you will under stand that this is, to my client, a matter of life and death, or rather of what is more important than either to a woman, of honour." j "I understand that, and you mil have any assistance I can render, but" He broke oil abruptly, and proceeded to | relook the ohest. " We will carry the register up to the house. I have some of my brother's letters there, whioh will serve your purpose." " Is the register usually kept here ? "Always. _ " And the key, have you more than one! 1 see it is of a very uncommon pattern. " So far as I know, there has never been a du^licate.j^ ^ not, to your knowledge, left yonr possession; ,, "I am sure it has not. I carry it constantly about my person." . " Had you those keys with you on January 23'" . „ " Yea, I am certain of it. "How, then, was it possible for any one to get at the register!" . "I cannot tell. It would appear impossible were it not for that extraordinary entry." "It would be impossible to tamper with that look," I said, pointing to the coffer. " I should have thought so." We retraced our steps, the vioar carrying the register, which he plaoed on the table in his study. He then produced, a bundle of letters, selected two or three, whioh he glanoed through and handed to me. We oompared the signatures with that in the register. They were identioaL If a forgery it was the work of an expert. No amateur could have counter feited so perfeotly tbose singular oharaoteri. "Your brother's handwriting bears very I little resemblance to yours," I remarked. " Were you much alike in person!" " There was a family likeness, not, I think, very strong, but you oan judge for yourself. This is my brother's photograph." He pointed to a massive Bilver frame whioh J oooupied the centre of the mantelpieoo. I went over and studied the portrait. It was a large, three- quarter, platina-type of a tall, handsome man, apparently several years younger than the Vioar of Slumber-le-Wold. There was, as he bad said, a family likeness between tbe two faces, but it was not remark able, and no one oould for a moment have mistaken one for the other. I returned to town sorely perplexed, drove straight to the Temple, where I had wired, requesting Roskill and, if possible, Miss Arailaun, to wait for me, and told my story. Charley was furions. He made some very intemperate and highly absurd oharges against the clergy in general and Mr. Martyn in par ticular, and declared himself as firmly con vinced of Lady Lukestan's good faith as he was of his own. ... I ventured to suggest that in this case his convictions were of less moment than thoBe of the Judge aud Jury, and I doubted if any Judge would share the opinion he had so confi dently expressed. For iny part I could see only three possible solutions of the mystery— (1) That Martyn, who was the only person having aooess to the register, had for somo private motive tried to suppress the fact of the marriage, in whioh case the acoi dent and absence on January 23* was an in vention, and eould easily be disproved; (2) That Lord Lukestan, finding the vioar absent, had obtained the servioei either of another clergyman or some one personating the same and had gone through the marriage J ceremony, by way of satisfying MisB Ardi laun's scruples; (3) That the story of the marriage was an entire fabrioation, the last resource of a despairing woman, in whioh case it was impossible to account for the entry in the register. At this juncture Lady Lukestan was an nounced. She was dreBsed in deep, bat not widow's, mourning, whioh became ber ad mirably. She was certainly a very beautiful woman, and, looking into ber blew blue eyes, it seemed impossible to doubt her integrity. I questioned her closely as to her previous statements, but she never swerved a hair's breadth from ber original story. I bad brought with me a photograph of Mr. Luoian Martyn, and one of his brother. She looked at the former, and failed to reoognise j it, though she thought there was something familiar in the expression. I then handed her the portrait of Cyprian Martyn. She gave an involuntary shudder. "That is the man who married us," she said, and laid the photograph faoe down wards on the table. j "Are you quite sure," I urged, "that yon are not making a mistake? The first portrait is that of the present vioar of Slumber-le-Wold —the other that of his brother, who, as you j know, is dead." I shall never forget her expression at that moment—the mingled horror, fear, and repul- j sion written on her oolourless faoe. "Then it was he!" she cried. "I knew it. j My God, how horrible!" She made an uncertain step forward, | stretching out both hands _ to Roskill with the sudden unoontrollable impulse of blind j terror, and slid helplessly to the ground in a dead faint. J I felt certain then of what I had suspected from the beginning, viz., that Miss Arailaun knew more of the mystery than she had chosen to confess, and I oonsidered she was ! treating us unfairly, for a lawyer oannot, any more than a physician, adviBe on an incom plete diagnosis. She had voluntarily plaoad herself in our hands, and she ought to have taken us unreservedly into her oonfidenoe. I found an opportunity of expressing these sentiments to Roskill before he esoortsd her home, and advised him to tiy to get at the truth. She might speak freely to him. I was snre she had not dons so to me. Tbe more I thought over the bearings of the case the more I questioned the expediency of tsking it into Oourt. The whole weight of evidence told against the plaintiff. She oonld not produce a single witness to corroborate her story. That Lukestan intended to marry her there was no reasonable doubt; but the sole proof of the ceremony having taken place was an entry in the parish register, whioh was manifestly a forgery. The only witness whose evidence would have carried any weight, the valet Parker, was dead. It was the bare word of a woman, and a woman in desperate straits, against the reason and common sense of the whole world. In my opinion, Miss Ardilann's wisest course would be to keep quiet. Lady Gatermaran was now lying in a state of semi-oonsoionsness, and her decease could only be a question of days. a Presumably she would have made some provision for her niece, and at her demise Miss Ardilaun would be her own mistress.. She might retire somewhere abroad, and her un happy Btory need never be given to the world. Bnt to drag the ease into Court seemed to be absolutely courting publicity and shame. She might consider herself Lukestan'a wife, but in the eyes of the law and of sooiety she was simply his mistress, and her child would be declared illegitimate. And then there remained the question, had she really believed herself legally married, or was her story only a last desperate expedient to avert the oonseqnenoes of a fatal error. The doubts in Miss Ardilaun's sincerity, whiob her presence invariably tended to dispeL had an awkward way of returning very forcibly when the magnetism of her personal influence was removed. Late in the afternoon Roskill returned. - saw atonoe that he had something to tell me. He threw his hat and gloves on the table, and began to pace restlessly up and down the room. _ "It is the most extraordinary oase that ever has or will be heard," he said. jjSh8 has told you every thing!" " Did the marriage ever take place, then ?" He looked at me murderously. " You heard her say so, that ought to be proof enough for yon." It wasn't, but I did not attempt to argue the point. X enquired who had performed the ceremony. " The man whose name you saw in the regis ter, Cyprian Martyn." "But he's been dead for the last nine months," I objected. " How could be reap pear in the flesh to solemnize a marriage?" "I don't know," he answered, "how the devil works or by what laws be is bound. There are some things whioh cannot be ex plained. That brute—well, the man is dead, and I won't abuse him, though, living and dead, he's behaved like a brute—got acquainted with Pam—Miss Ardilaun, fell in love with her, and wanted to marry her. She refused him, whereupon he conducted himself in a manner for which his only exouse could be that he was insane at the time. He told her that she had ruined him body and soul, that he meant to have bis revenge, and, if ever she married, be should marry her, if not to himself, then to_ another man. Then he went back to his parish, somewhere in Dorsetshire, and committed suicide." "Well,"Isaid, "whathas that to do with the Lnkestan marriage?" "Everything—the man kept his word. He did marry her to Lukestan. The poor girl had a secret terror all the time that he had done so, but the thing seemed so incredible that she fought it down and hoped againBt hope, until it was impossible to doubt any I sat and stared at him blankly. He was absolutely serious. "Do you really expect me to believe," I said at last, "that a man who has been dead for nine months could rise from his grave, assume bodily form aud material clothing, go through a form of prayer, extraot a register from a looked cheBt, make that entry, and disappear again into the limbo of the unknown ?" "I don't expeot anything. I tell you facts." "Good heavens, Charley, you must be mad 1 You can't believe such a monstrous story !" " 1 believe it entirely. It is the only rational explanation of that entry." " national!" I echoed, contemptuously. " Yes, rational; for what do we know of the powers and limitations of what we are pleased to call spirits ? Nothing. On the other hand, is it reasonable to suppose that three people could obtain access, without a key and with out damaging the lock, to a secured ohest, abstract the register, the whereabouts of whioh they were entirely ignorant, and make an entry in the name and handwriting of a dead man—a piece of penmanship, moreover, un rivalled m the annals of forgery? Surely the latter theoiy is as great a strain on your cre dulity as the former." " Take it into Court and see what they say to it there." "I intend to do bo," be answered, quietly. " No solicitor will undertake the case." " H you mean that you won't I shall find some one who will, though I would muoh rather receive instructions from you than from a stranger." Then I gave tongue. For two hours I used every argument in my power. I stormed, I persuaded, I believe I threatened, but he re mained quite unmoved. " It isn't the least use, Jack," be said, when at last I stopped, exhausted. "Legally and morally Pamela is Lukestan'a widow, and I mean to fight to the last gasp for her rights. If we succeed, so much the better for her and her child. If we fail, well, we shall have done our beat to vindicate truth aud justloe. In either oase I may as wall tell you that I intend to make her my I wife. Her aunt is not expeotod to live through the night. She will be alone in the world then, and I shall marry her as soon as I decently can. I believe she has cared for me from the first," he added, softly, with the sublime and overweening credulity of a man who loves. I doubted it, but what was the nse of saying id. Roikill'a will bas all through our joint lives dominated that of bis weaker brother; and when a few days later I heard from Miss Ardilaun's lips the particulars of her extra ordinary story, I succumbed to that personal influenoe which would subdue any man save an incorruptible and unprejudiced judge. The long and short of it wai that Roskill bad bis way, and in prooess of time the case of " Lukestan v. Lukestan and Others" came on for hearing. Miss Ardilaun's appearanoe created a profound seniation in Court. She told her story simply and directly, and the most severe cross-examinatian failed to shake her in the smallest detail. The fact of Lukestan'a having taken out a ' special lioenoe, together with his letter* (pro duced), proved he had desired to be, and believed he was, legally married. The evidence of the stationmaster at Garstang, of the inn keeper from whom the trap was hired, of the villagers who saw the party pass through Slumber-le-Wold, all confirmed their progress to 'the very door of the Church, but there stretched a gulf which no human witness could bridge. The personality of tbe officiating priest, the authorship of the entry in the register, alike remained an inexplicable mystery. 1 It was admitted on all hands that Roskill's speeoh was a model of forensio rhetoric. He 1 1 prophesied for him a brilliant future, aud placed himself at once in the front rank of the Junior Bar. But no argument, however power ful, could baveoonvinced a dozen hard-headed, praotical Englishmen of tbe possible existence of ghosts. They were oallea upon to deoide whether Cyprian Martyn, being dead, had assumed his fleshly habit to solemnize a mar riage which consigned the woman who had rejected him to shame and obloquy,orwhether, 8? , ® other hand, Pamela Ardilaun had, with the late Lord Lukestan and Parker, the valet, fraudulently obtained aocess to the parish register, and therein forged the entry of a flo tations marriage—and the twelve good men and true unhesitatingly decided against the ghost. Judgment was given for the defendant, with costs, and Pamela Ardilaun left the Court a rained woman. The Blender fortune left her by her aunt was more than swallowed up by tne expenses of the trial. Her fair fame was blsisted; she was branded before the world as an impostor and an adventuress. Verily, if her story were true, Cyprian Martyn had taken a complete revenge. Vet the woman was not left utterly desolate. Through all stress of weather Roskill'e love stood firm. He absolutely refused to be dis missed. He assumed the management of her affairs, provided her with a home, and pro cured tne first medioal advice when, broken down with anxiety and despair, her life hung trembling in the balance. He followed to the grave the hapless infant, who lived just long enough to receive its father's baptismal names of Arthur Evelyn, and, finally, in spite of her repeated refusals to burden him with her wretched life, made her his wife. A year after Lukestan'e tragio deatb the two were married before the Registrar. Nothing would have induced either to risk a repetition of the horrors of that other wedding, and as the law takes no cognisance of ghosts, Cyprian Martyn's uneasy spirit was unable to interfere in the oivil ceremony whioh made Miss Ardi lann Charley RoskiU's wife. 