AMUSEMENTS. IIN continuation of the "Wesleyan half- ' yearly effort at Railway Town, a large and enthusiastic gathering assembled at the church last evening, when a drawing-room entertainment was suc- cessfully carried out; - Very elaborate arrangements had been made by. the Rev. J. G. Jenkin and others, with the result that a drawing-room apart- ment, arranged on a temporary plat- form, was seen with pleasing effect. Mr. I. W. Goss presided. The feature of the evening was the Cornish stories told by the Rev. Mr. Jenkin, himself a Cornishman. "Joe Smetham's Ser- mon," "True Ghost Story," "'Ighly Himmoral," "Jan's Christmas Eve," and other stories were told to a de- lighted audience. Several excellent glees were rendered by an efficient choir. Miss Stewart, of Broken Hill, contributed two songs, "Killarney" and "Ora pro Nobis," in excellent style, and Mr. Moyes was also heard to advantage in a comic song. Mr. John Dunstan, jun., kindly supplied the drawing-room suite. The Theatre Royal was crowded last night to witness the performance by Messrs. Gourlay, Walton, and Shine's company. Saturday's bill was re- peated, and was again received with great favor, the applause and laughter being liberal. The company concludes a most successful season to-night with the performance of that most amusing farcical comedy, "Skipped by the Light of the Moon," in which Messrs. Gourlay, Walton, and Shine sustain their well-known parts of Obadiah Dingle, Felix- Crackle, and Garnishee M'Intyre respectively. There was an unusually large attendance at the meeting of the Home Circle Quadrille Assembly which was held last night in the Tem- perance Hal!, Cobalt- street. Mr. Jackson supplied excellent music, and Mr. J. J. Correll acted as conductor. Dancing was kept up in a very enjoy- able manner until ll o'clock. Thc usual weekly social will be held on Friday. There was hardly so good an attend- ance as usual at the popular concert which was given last night in the Bijou Theatre. " Professor" Silvester performed feats of legerdemain, and the programme in this and other res- pects wgs of the same high standard as that which was presented on Saturday evening. The Steens, "the Great American Mystifiers," open at the Theatre Royal on Monday week ; and a visit from Messrs Brough and Boucicault's com- pany is fixed for July. Both com- panies, having a world-wide reputation in their particular lines, should do ex- cellent business in Broken Hill. Reprints of some Italian criticisms on Madama Melba's performance as Lucia, in " Lucia di Lammermoor," at Milan, which have retched us from London, show how ' complete and pro- nounced a success was the Australian's first appearance there on March 15. La Lombardia says that it " has been one of the greatest successes of the season," aud the critic adds:-"1 heard some of the old subscribers com pare Melba-to Patti in her best days.' Il Commercio declares that "thc theatre broke out into frantic and intense applause." L'Italia del Popóle says :-" It was a triumph." And so on. 