X JeLiii & X UM. a JL Jfci Ju.JuJci.jQ. ' The Living Dead.*' By W. Otjtram Teistbam. VI.—' A RED FOX PASSES IK THE MOON LIGHT.' Towards sunset of that very day the three set out. Ballard's fears lest domesticity should subdue treason were so poignant that he iu6i'sted on the necessity of au immediate departure. 'When they started the beauty of the day was dead. A cold wind from the we6t brought a fine raiu with it. The lowering sky reflected itself iu the laces of the travellers. They rode side by side in silence, moodily. Ballard had met Biibingt»n's objections to leaving, before an answer had been received to the Queen of Scots' letter, by urging that the communications open between Ghartley and Dethtck could be ex tended on the sam e principle between Dethick and London, 'l'he organisation of this post occupied the priest's brains. He recalled the mames of the Catholics on the road who couid be trusted as cirriers, aud he had soon the necessary complement. His prolonged travels through England had perfectly acquainted this shepherd wich the capacities of his flock. He knew them all, and to what extent each was to bo trusted. These arrangements made, he fixed his eyes fervently on the unseen goal. This intrepid soldier pined for the fight. He longed for London. But Maude, riding by his side, was a prey to different feelings. To him the approach to Londcu meant deadly danger, and, as mile after mile was covered by eager travel, he felt like some captive bound helpless on a horse whose wild flight re morseless bauds were urging towards .1 precipice. Did not Walsinghnni await him ? That Wulsingham before whose heavy, prolonged gaze all hearts lay open, in whose slow, pious smile of discovery agents unnumbered had read ruin, the pressure of whose menacing forefinger st:ll seared like iron heated above his heart. And yet why should he fear Wal 6;»gham — carrier as he was of such news \ To this question the fever which possetsed him permitted 01 no answer. His disturbed brain was invaded by myriads of confused projects— antagonistic, irrecon cilable— prompted by mysterious motives, which l.e could not account for. At one moment he hugged himself at the thought of the reward awaiting his tremendous discovery ; at the next his whole soul sickened at the vile system which had put that reward within his grasp. £uc!i a faintness seized him as he thought of the goal to which the inevitable march of events was hurrying him that he would have fallen from the saddle but for Babington's assisting hand. With hastily-muttered thanks, he shrink from this touch as if from an infection. Then a eudden hate took possession of him— he could have killed Ballard. An immense loathing seized him for this gaunt fanatic, ruthlessly pressing forward to perdition with the light of victory m his eyes— blind to the ]dt which yawned beneath his purpose — smiling ecstatically with the hangman's rope about his neclr. Was it to be permitted that such a mad man should draw credulous fools to their death ? Maude stared at the preoccupied priest cruelly. From the priest the agent's glance passed to Babing ton's exquisite profile standing out cltar as a cameo against the crimson sky, to the curled golden locks, to the white carvtn throat, to the beautiful parted lips, to the poet's eyes gazing into the sunset, and aflame with love and faith. The cruel look died on Maude's face; a sort of forlorn tenderness trans figured it. He shuddered. Ouoe more above his heart he felt the searing pressure of Walsingham's finger. . From this moment Babington's personality exer cised an influence over Maude which the agent hai loug felt growing upon him — which he had struggled against furiously, but which he was unable any ' I have come to put my life into your hands ! Will you hear me ? '--Chapteb VI. longer to resist. His eyes for long hours remained fixed on Babington as if fascinated. He suddenly developed a sort of watchful care over him— such! a care as some favourite slave might show to an u)d noticing Sultan. His hand held the stirrup firmly ?when Babiugtoh mounted, and hovered anxiously at his bridle at dangerous parts of the road. Still pay ing his part of Captain Fortescue'6 serviug-ma$,'it was on his master's friend that the flower of Jus attention was lavished. Babington's wine-cup never stood empty : the daintiest aud best that the inn's larder could offer was heaped upon his plate by white hands, made rather for attention than attendance, but which seemed never to tire of that service. Then when the cloth had been cleared, the wine set, and priest and protege, with heads bent together, and after shrewd glances cast round, discussed in low whispers secrets which should have given ears to 'wainBcoted walls — while clowns hob-nobbed in neighbouring corners, and stout country squires proclaimed the price of wheat — lounging against the \ wall, an embodiment of elegant fatigue, the serving- I man took his share of the banquet. His eyes fed on Babington. ' We need you no more, fellow,' said Ballard, one evening, suddenly, after looking up. He had noticed this growing attention, had marvelled at it, and taken preciut ions. On more than one occasion he had detected, he fancied, a desire on Maude's part to speak with Babington. privately, which his un flagging aud adroit watchfulness had, up to this night, prevented. The three were now at their last stage from London, and were lying at the Hose and Crown at St. Alban. Maude went upstairs white and raging. Tie maid of the 'nn found, h'111 crouched ia the dark against the window sill in a long corridor, sobbing pas sionately, and stamping in a sort of hysterical rape. The girl, who admired his pretty elegance, shining hair, aud white hands, proffered consolation after her kind. She got in return for her good nature a smothered curse, and a glare from wild eyes which frightened her. Bailard and Babington slept in one room. The sleeping draught in those days, habitually taken, had little power as a rule in checking the tide of the priest's sinister self- communings, or in bringing anything but broken rest to that fiery brain, frenzied now with the nearing accomplishment of its fierce pur pose. This soldier of Christ after long days' journey i lgs kept vigil. But on this night his gaunt figure was scarcely stretched on the bed before a profouud slumber seized it. The suddenness of so uncommon an occurrence sur prised Babingtou, whose own rest was in a measure haunted by the ghost of the deed which shadowed him. The once fortunate squire of Dethick slept the startled sleep oh the conspirator, a Bleep sown with dreadful dreams*, out of which he woke quivering and reaching cold hands for his weapons. On this night, however, he lay awake long, wondering at Ballard's sudden fall into sleep, and disturbed by his convulsive breathings. His own sleep, when it came to him, was not less agitated. The Venus of his feverish vision haunted him : riding, as he had seen her last, outside the entrance gate of Wingfield Mai&r;, her long, white, jewelled finger pressed against her heart, as if pointing to it, her white foxlike face, on whose clear temples masses of red-auburn hair shone, looking back at him over her left shoulder. But it seemed to his haunted fancy that, in place of the gleaming glances that he knew, the flames of hell shot from beneath those half closed has; and he looked right through the velvet of her riding habit, and saw her red heart struggling in a snake's loathsome folds ; and the air was filled with execrating shouts, as of a great crowd gathered to some tremendous doom ; and a sickening blast of flame from a treat pitch cauldron— in which torn limbs floated— stifled him. He cried out in mortal agony. He felt the hingman's hot hands on his throat. A hot hand was indeed there. In the silver of the moonlight a grey figure beat over him— threateningly as it seemed. ,-,-?, B ibington j umped at his pistols. But as he did so a voice which he had learnt to know well reassured him. and a tmall burning haad was placed over his mouth. ' Mr. Maude '. ' he said, speaking hollowly after his deadly iear. ' What means this folly ? You came near to pay for it with your life ! ' Tnere was a silence, Babington heard the other's he irt beating wildly. Billard cried out in dreadful tones in his sleep. ' Sir,' Babington went on, ' what makes you masquerading in my chamber ? ' The answer cime in low tones, in which intense suppressed passion trembled. ' I have come to put my life ia your hands ! Will you hear me V ' 'Sir,' sail Babington, amazed, 'Mr. Ballard lies by me here. His ears should be fitter recipient for your strange confession.' '?Mr. Ballard sleeps sound,' said ihe other. 'My words are for you— not for him ; nor Will his ears reach what I am here to say, unless you to-morrow pour it into them. Do so if you thiuk fit. I have said that my life is in your hands. Repeat what I am now about to tell you to Mr. Ballard, and by this time to-morrow my blood will be upon your head ! Shall I speak ? ' ' Speak ! ' ' Give me your hand ! Let me hold it ! 1 entreat you, sir ! ' After a surprised pause Babington granted this strange request. His hand suddenly saemed closed* hetweea two palms of tire. This grey vision of the night was seen to tremble violently ; but this contact lent its voice steadiness. It spoke freely and firmly now. ' Mr. Babington, I am come here to save you ! Be quit of this conspiracy ! It is doomed ! I know it.' ' You know it ? 1 would feign know how, sir ; and that instantly.' Babington rose as he spoke in his bed, and laid hold of his sword. The other noticed the motion, and pressed him back gently — almost caressingly. B-ibington felt the page's scented breath on his face. ' No couspiracy against this Queen will succeed,' Maude went on. ' But if chance did offer itself, think you that our combination has strength needful to seize it ? You are but a youth, Mr. Babiugton. Your friends are youths— poets ! dreamers ! As sassins are made, sir, of sterner stuff.' ' Mr. Ballard has age.' ' Has he, too, discretion ? Have I not worked with him for years that I should not know him well ? Courage has he, who shall doubt it ? Zeal he has in abundance. But has he the sealed lips, the careful caution, which should lead inexperienced en thusiasm along paths at whose every coruer subtlest spies listen ! Has Ballard's dissimulation wit to cloud Walsingham's deadly gaze ? I trow not, sir. And I have trafficked in conspiracy.' 'I believe well, sir, that you have trafficked,' said Babington, and he again made a motion to his sword. But the other again pressed him back with the same caressing action. ' Misunderstand me not,' he said. 'I am bound to you, Mr. Babington, in this matter, heart' and soul, by some strange power which I may not struggle against, as close, nay closer, much closer than that band of devoted friends whom you spoke of, and who now await your orders, and their doom I fear in London. With you I go forward to the red «ud of this purpose, if such be your fixed will. But once again, for the last time, I entreat you to turn back. Leave conspiracies to desperate wretches like myself, outcast of the world, without friends, without home. You have both ! You are blessed, as such as you should be, with this world's good things. Recall them now. Think of the Night ingale of Dethick who sings disconsolate ; of your happy green home ; of your bright boy who may live to see b,is father attainted ! Ah God, 'it is too cruel. Forbeai!' The priest stirred in his sleep, and muttered some thing. '.Maude 'cast an eager glance at him, as if half fearful of his waking. But Ballard slept this night sound,' as he slept one night before in the house in Butcher's Bow. Bab^gton seemed to be thinking. Then upon the intense-stiliuess of this scene in the dark, upou this tragic turning point of two Jives played by two con spirators in the presence of a third sleeping, there came sudd&ily; through the opened lattice hushed voices of the luight. Tired footsteps chinked on the stone below. The inn was stirring. Surprised at this reveille at 2 o'clock in the morning, Maude stepped lightly to the window, and, shrouding himself behind curtains, looked forth. Below in the moonlight some hoBtlera stood holding horses saddled. They grumbled among themselves, aud swung their lanterns sullenly, lounging agiinst their chargers' sides. A relay had evidently be 3n ordered on the North Boad. Some messenger of importance was posting through the night. From some cause which he could not account for, these preparations troubled Maude. He had a pre sentiment. He went to where Babington still lay, breathing quickly. A heavy sigh escaped him. This sigh was his last expression of regret for the happi ness on which he had resoived to turn his back. The agent conceived hope from it. 'Ah, you relent from your purpose?' he cried. ' The saints be praised.' But the answer to his exclamation crushed him. 'Sir,' said Babiugtou coldly, and with a fixed de termination which the other could not mistake, 'you will be pleased to speak to me no further on this matter. I am resolved to go forward in this business to the end. I believe that iu your strange interfer ence in my affairs you mean me well. Aud for this time your confidence will be respected. But pre sume not to broach suc'a a subject again, or the deed will give birth to suspicious wuicn must pass to other ear?. ' ' He pointed as he spoke to the priest, who lay still straggling in a convulsive sleep. A low groan of despair broke from Maude, He let go trie hand he held as a swimmer might, half suffocated himself in his attempts to save a suicide. Tears gleamed on his white chesks in the moonlight. His vo:c3 rattled hoar-ely iu his throat at his first attempts to speak. fuddenly he nerved himself, as if by a great despa'r goaded to a final effort. He knelt and seized Babington's hand convulsively. He covered it with burning kisses. As he did so far off through the silent night from northwards came the ring of horses galloping. Maude at first did not hear this sound. ' Mr. Babington,' he said, ' as I Have said, my path in this affair is your path, I go forward to this busiuess's bitter end with you, nor will I seek to dis suade you from it again ! But, fair sir, if sail we must together on this perilous sea, let us at least s^ek all means to navigate safely. Beware I implore you of Ballard's over- zeal ; or surely it will be the tierce lire which will light us to our deaths. Trust rather ia me. Young though I seem, I have had bitterer experience in these affairs. Had I not, would Ballard have so trusted me 'r Consider ! 'Twas I, as he will tell you, who through Morgan first introduced Savage to him. Ask him ! He will not deny it.' Borne on a sudden breeze out in the night, the sound of horses galloping furiously drew nearer. Babington eyed Maude keenly. ' What special turn in this affair,' he said, ' breeds this distrust in Mr. Ballard's zeal ?' The answer came at once in tense tones, eloquent of its vital import. ' The receipt by you at Dethick of a letter in cipher from the Queen of Scots ! Fair sir, in such affairs as ours no letters, however cunningly ciphered, delivered however secretly, should pass. We work here under the unsleeping eye of an agent, through whose fatal hands the secret correspondence of Europe filters ! Everywhere pract sed agents of his sinister service swarm ! Our secret once committed to paper, .we stand but as living dead. Well do I know the workings of that underground post, which, to whomsoever they be directed, delivers its letters to Walsingham.' Babington trembled as he lay. Fierily through his memory passed every sentence of that compromising answer to the Queen of Scots' letter, entrusted to the care of Mr. Twiffen. Gauntly before him rose the memory of the oath sworn to Ballard tb keep the sending of that letter a secret from Maude. His I heart sank. j Maude, feeling perhaps— to such a pitch were his I feverish nerves strung— a sinister hesitancy in this I silence, sprang at Babington and again clasped his I . haud convulsively. I ' You have not, unknown to me, answered that I letter brought by Mr. Twiffen. ? Swear to me that you have not answered it ! Swear to me that you I will never answer it ! Swear ! Swear ! Swear I ' j A dreadful struggle between conscience and self- I interest tore Babingtonfora second — but for asecond only. He returned Maude's feverish pressure of his haul as feverishly. ' I have not answered it,' he replied, firmly. In an ecstasy of. relief , in which a wilder feeling surged, Maude thrfew himself upon hi3 knees. He kissed Babington's hands passionately. 'God be praised !' he cried. 'We are still safe ! ' As he spoke, a fierce clattering of horses' hoofs r rang on tfie stones below. Startled at the precipi- I tancv of this arrival, Maude again went to the I window to view the hero of this midnight ride. But I at sound of a voice which rang stridently through I the night air, calling for ' relays for the Queen's I Messenger riding from Staffordshire ! ' the room's I oak floor heaved about his feet. For a moment be I (Continued on page 1228.) ___ I was paralysed ; but when at last he staggered to the window and looked out, he caught full view of the leader of this cavalcade from Staffordshire, as he set forward at full gallop Londonwards, sitting sideways in the saddle, his pockmarked face turned, like a fox's, cunningly upwards at the house's blind walls, his long right arm swaying furiously. In spite of Babington's denial of. having written to the Queen of Scots, the sight of this horseman turned Maude faint. There was cause for his faititness ; for in this desperate courier from the very county where the Queen lay prisoned be had recognised Mr. Phillips, Decipherer-in-Chief to the Secretary of State, Chapter ATI.—' A SORT OF BRAVE YOUTHS.' Exceedingly troubled in his mind by that overnight vision — by that fox-like presence passing in the moonlight Londonwards, hurrying from Stafford shire with arms swaying in excitement, and pock marked face peering suspiciously at inn windows — Mb ude, profiting by a moment's absence of Ballard, on the following morning again pressed Babington on the matter of his suspected correspondence. His anxiety got as sole answer once more an indignant denial (with a mental reservation) that he, Babing ton, had put pen to paper in answer to the Queen of Scots' letter ; and a request that a subject on which he had already delivered himself so openly should not be again referred to on pain of its suspicious reitera tions being brought before the notice of Ballard. The priest, more gaunt and haggard than ever after his deep night-sleep, but still splendid in the . velvet and satin of Captain Fortescue, came up at the moment. He looked at Maude keenly, and, m presence of the inn's company, who came out to see the start, gave him some rough directions about the horses. The three then mounted, and in their turn passed Londonwards, Captain Fortescue and Mr. Babington riding side by side, with their serving-men behind them. 1 Free from care as they appeared to the eyes of passing travel, laughing and talking gaily as they rode through village high streets, halting hospitably for a cup under the porches of great inns (Captain Fortescue, in the growing excitement of the nearing goal, perhaps rather overdoing the boisterous gal lantry of a Low Country captain's salutations to beauty errant)— fiercely under these outward dis guises the hearts of the two foremost horsemen burned. But on Maude a sort of cold calm had fallen. He tad ceased to struggle against an inf atuation.which he could not combatf-though he felt' it to be fatal. Conflicting interests no longertoreathis heart. Firmly, ? irrevocably, he had resolved to throw in his lot with ' the conspiracy, since no persuasion 'could induce Babington to desert it, and, though Lhe chances of the design's success seemed to him desperate, to watch over and forward it to the best of his pbwer . ?, ? And surely, honest accessory to treason as he had now become, aid such as he proposed to bring to the scheme was not to be despised— the aid, that is to say, of an agent trusted by, and in the pay 'ox, the Go vernment's Supreme Inquisitor; an expected assistant at his most secret councils ; in a position, as .a con sequence, accorded to no other conspirator, of re gistering and reporting the first, the faintest, indica tion of suspicion which might thrill the Secretary of State's sensitive pulse. Inspire!! by the mystic force which had drawn him into this enterprise, strength ened- by his infatuation for its prime head, but, above all, fatally fortified by his belief in the truth of Babington's assurance that he had not communicated in writing with tbe Queen of Scots, this fragile bodied agent prepared to hoodwink his great employer ! Maude felt strong enough to confront Walsingbam himself. , . .- 'Slowly riding , in his assumed master's tracks, this spy transformed meditated his purpose. The. deadly dangers which surrounded it could be fathomed fairly by only one such as himseif, who had breathed for years the hot atmosphere of plot and counter plot, which filled as with the breath of life the nos trils of the Secretary of State. Absent tor four weeks, during which he had main tained a dead silence as to the progress of his mis sion, how could that silence be accounted for ? Steeped to his very lips with the full knowledge of a tremendous design against the Government, would even his tried powers of dissimulation clear that knowledge from his face when Walsinghain's slow gaze fixed itself upon him— that gaze destined to read the very soul? Maude shuddered when he thought of it. Its mere remembrance seamed to label the cause he had engaged in lost. And yet when he once more passed its prime forces in review, elements making for success, and foreign to all schemes of the kind which had preceded it, appealed to his hopes. The conspirators considered by Babington as already bound were gentlemen of fortune. The first move to be made m the design was tbe assassination of the Queen. And, by the very nature of their duties, the gentlemen to be dedicated to the deed moved armed and unsuspected about her person. All depended on the mettle of the novitiates.- Maude conceived hope. ' The feeling was further' fed when, in the same house in Butchers' Bow in which he and Ballard had lodged on the night of their return from Dover, Maude met the company of gallant youths described by Babington at Dethick- as devoted to the very death, to his interests assembled at Savage's call to serve them. In a long low room on the first floor, panelled by dark -polished oak, furnished by a table, on which a costly supper and. rich wines were set, a company of as splendid gallants as Maude's eyes had ever lighted ~ on lounged, attudiiiised, laughed, and spoke earnestly with excited gestures. The magnificence of the Court of Elizabeth was reflected here in ablaze of satin doublets, and jewelled, swords, and gleaming earrings, and stiffened scenteci - ruffs framing handsome, resolute .features, and bright eyes in which youth's 'enthusiasm burned. Catholic England, and that Court in which manly beauty was the surest passport to preferment, contained no more splendid galaxy than this band of devoted enthusiasts, whose magnificent apparelling reflected the splendour of that doomed presence from which they were fresh, and whose bright swords Babington knew 'were dedicated wholly to his service. Foremost among them in height— he towered a head above the' rest as well as in a sort of pathetic-nobility characteristic of his fine nature and a descent which traced itself back to two centuries beyond the Conquest, Chidiock Tichborne pressed forward to give Babington greet-, ing. He wrong him by both hands, smiling upon him, but sadly. The thpught of a loved wife and children left in ignorance down in Hampshire of what was to come lent this sadness to his welcome— a sadness impressed on the re fined V features of his handsome oval face, which a slight pointed black beard and mous tachio framed, in a sort of foreshadowing of, Van- dyke. Babington; whose Siie'eatin 'doublet jshoBe ' with pearls, iind whose fair brown curls clustered.; over his flushed forehead, next' greeted his friend!-' with an enthusiasm to which wine seemed to have ministered ; and' Salisbury and Barnwell pressed to him at the same moment enthusiastically on either side — the first, a delicate youth, whose pale, refined face, but a trifle flushed, compressed lips, and full forehead over the eyes bore witness to the student's ' zeal ; the latter, a florid, broad-chested Irishman, with laughing eyes and lips and buoyant manner. Auburn-haired, deep.of voice, he swaggered, swdrd haud on hilt, a picture stepped seemingly from the easel of some Venetian painter — clothed gorgeously in flame-coloured taffeta. The plain drees, the stiff military precision of the soldier of fortune, Savage; was the one low tone which gave point to this blaze of colour. He stood apart, brooding, with clouded brow, and long arms crossed over his breast. Maude— a brief introduction over — too' stood apart, dazzled by this concourse of brilliants, more suited to lead Court revels than 'to dabble in treason, but whose enthusiasm for Babington's least look or word generated a sort of electricity, in which deeds but half projected seemed already done, and all thoughts of failure banished. '? The preliminaries of- a treason in which such con spirators as these were engaged were soon adjusted. Savage, armed with priestly authority, had already privately acquainted each member with the main design. Among these first novitiates no suspicion of a dissenting voice wag heard. And when, after a hushed pause, Ballard's grave tones had lent Papal sanction to the removal of heretical monarchs, and had, with priestly unction, crowned Murder's hag gard head with the shining crown of Martyrdom, the band sat down to sup with the riotous enthu siasm of schoolboys maddened at the prospect of a holiday for which some deed of adventure had been planned. The supper was a symposium — seen through an atmosphere of excitement before which reason fled. Rich wine sparkled in Venetian goblets ; the waving of jewelled hands lent eloquence to emntv rhodomon tade : the eyes and lips of the fairest Queen were toasted again and again with the wild fervour of devotees possessed with their purpose. To inspired fancies the Future became the Present. Elizabeth was already dead. The captive of Chartley had assumed her lawful state. The White Flower of Catholicism bloomed- once more in this England so long disinherited. The soldiers who had led this holy insurrection — who had trampled the dragon of Protestantism under foot, who had avenged the blood of martyred Jesuits poured forth at Tyburn, and the groans of saintly agony which haunted the dark walls of the Tower's torture-chamber — stood flushed with triumph in the presence of their souls' Sovereign, legitimate claimants for reward. It was a. viwon of mystics inspired by the madness of a minute. Maude was carried away by it. Seated at Babing ton's right hand, the heat and triumph and fumes of wine mounted to this strange agent's brain. He, too, began to beb'eve, and when Babington, at a motion from Ballard (who, with the social tolerance of his Order and a cup of water by his side, minis tered to this intoxication without being affected by it), rose from his seat, and, with that mild coun tenance, sober gesture, and wonderful good grace, which in a terrible aftertime was borne witness to by : his bitterest enemies, eloquently recapitulated the 'heads of his purpose, and bade his friends shrnk not from the perils attendant on a holy enterprise which glorious success would crown, the former spy's last foreboding vanished. The. deadly rigidity of Wal singham's fatal gaze : his lean, pock-marked secre tary's dreadful smile and convulsive twitching fingers ; theominous ring of the former's warningto 'beware;' the sinister vision of the latter's mid n'ghfc ride, seen from the inn's window at St. Albau's ; the swarming agents everywhere watchful of the interests of this secret service ; the fate which within his own knowledge had overtaken waverers— all — all wa6 forgotten in tbe triumphant madness of -the moment. Maude rose to his feet. Hysterically he drank to the great scheme's success. He warned the con spirators of the dangers t-f procrastination. He urged the immediate striking of the fatal blow. Let but Walsingham's precautions be surprised before they were prepared, and they were safe. This sinister name's mere mention froze the con spirators' enthusiasm like ice. It wa6-t:f actor not as yet taken into account in the general joy. No one suspected Maude for this warning. No one asked what precautions were being prepared by the Secre tary of State. Did not each man present know that those precautions were unceasing — that that vigilant eye never slept ? They looked at each other forlornly. But mercurial spirits, aided by the exhortation from Ballard, soon recovered them from this transient shock. Once more wild enthusiasm reigned till the drone of a watchman called a late hour, and the time was come to separate for the night. A lonely house, kept by a Catholic, and standing by itself in St4 Giles's Fields, was appointed as the next day's meeting-place. Then Mr. Babiugton and his guests passed out quietly into the silent street. They muffled their cloaks about their mouths, and went their separate ways. AH were full of zeal some of them reeled a little as they walked. ., ??_. Ballard and Maude were left alone. The priest looked troubled, but he eyed his companion with more kindness than he had lately done, and no bus picion appeared in the tones in which he asked him if his late mention of Walsingham's precautions had been suggested by any other motive than a general wish to inculcate caution. The question and the questioner's manner alike gave Maude an oppor tunity which had not yet presented itself of putting that vital point to Ballard which Babington's denial had twice disposed of. il Of a certainty,' he replied. ' I spoke of this detested persecutor of Christ's set vants but by way of general caution. But we are safe, and our pur pose with us, if we keep that purpose strictly to speech.' He looked at Bailard searchmgly as he spoke ; Ballard returned this look with' steadiness. ?' I do not quite take you,' he said. ' Tet my meaning,' Maude went on, ' would, I had thought, been clear to one as conversant as your self with the inward workings of Walshingham's secret service. Father Ballard's brief experience in the Secretary of State's employ has taught him, doubtless, the danger of documents. 'Tis through documents, sir, that such as we hang ! ' . ? .' Doubtless,' said the priest, pouring out for him self hiB first, glass of wine. . ' What then ? '.' ' This : there have passed no letters from our side in answer to that received at- .Dethick from the Queen of Scots?' ' Assuredly not.' Ballard drank his wine, and eyed the questioner with a sort of composed astonish ment/ ' Assuredly not,' he repeated. ' Then, if we dally not ere we strike, we are safe,' said Maude. He received a priestly benediction, and went out smiling. Caution had dictated a complete separation of the conspirators between the periods of their general meetings, and they all occupied different . lodgings. Babington bad chambers in the Strand. Maude went to a room which had been taken for him in Paul's Chain. He walked briskly, filled with wildhopeB. Ballard's corroboration of Babington's denial that any letter had been sent to the Queen of Scots eased his mind. Now that he, the sole agent that Walsingham relied on to sound the conspiracy, had turned conspirator, and that no documents dealing with the conspiracy were, abroad to fall into Walsingham's; hands, this far-seeing Secretary of ::State would for once walk with eyes blinded. ' The thought 'inspired this ex-spy with malicious joy. He walked briskly through deserted streets, enjoying the fresh air of the night, but, with hiB former State's custom still clinging to him, peering curiously everywhere to see if he was followed. No soul seemed- abroad that night but himself in all London. Unobserved, he passed from Butchers' Bow to Paul's Chain ; unobserved, he entered his lodgings ; unobserved by the people in the house, he went np ttairs and threw himself, dressed asiie was, upon the bed. - But Babington's image, as he had last seen him in Butchers' Bow, sitting by his side, touching hands with him, toasting a joint cause out of the same glass, eying him almost for the first time cordially, op pressed this would-be sleeper. Bis idol's beautiful face, gold curls, shining eyes, came between him and sleep. Maude rose from his bed stifled with these recollections, with heart throbbing, and brain on fire. He paced the room distractedly. This night's separation from the object of his worship, whose safety he was about to secure at terrible personal risk, maddened him. His passion blinded him to all sense of his own danger. From this forgetfulness he was to be terribly awakened. Pining for the day's dawn which was to bring another meeting, Maude pulled the curtains before the window aside, and looked out to see how the night waned. His hair stood on end. Shadowed by a projecting porch, a cloaked figure stood on the opposi;e side of the street— motionless, menacing, a vigilant sentry at his post. Directly Maude appeared this figure made off rapidly. But Maude had seen enough. A dreadful apprehension told him for what army this soldier had been recruited. He recognised Walsingham's haudiwork. He knew that he was watched. . ' For the first time subjected to espionage, tins transformed spy's nerve left him. Babington's image was replaced in his mind by a more formidable phantom. Everywhere he saw Walsingham's fixed Puritanical gaze. Maude kept close to the house all the next day. He dared not attend the arranged meeting of the conspirators. He dared not com municate the reason of bis absence. Experience had taught him that Waisingham's spies did not do then work negligently. All day he lay close, trembling ; but when night came he took courag^trusting in his own strange faculty for impersoiiattjjn. What our actors would call their ' properties,'r:12EiEilsnigham's agents, as well as the game they huiited, had always at their hands. Maude disguised himself as a travelling jeweller, and whea night fell went out into the streets. On all sides he found himself shadowed. Spies ran against him at every step. Terror- stricken, he returned to his lodgings. He paced his rooms in a fury of impotent despair. Presently he crept softly to the windows and looked out. The motionless sentry was still at his post. Then Maude came to a momentous resolve. He alone held the secret of the conspiracy. On his skill and courage the safety of Babingtou hung. The hour h%d struck for that courage to be exercised. He determined to confront Walsingham himself. The Secretary of State, he had already ascertained, was at his town house. Certain phenomena already catalogued spoke eloquently of his near presence. Sir Francis Walsingham, indeed, at this time lived in a large, many-gabled, many-windowed mansion htely erected in Seething-lane. This house was as full of eyes as its owner's policy, and resembled a sort of Hardwicke Hall in miniature. The glass of these eyes, however, was all stained on the street side ; and all of the windows were barred. It was 11 o'clock at night when Maude, steeled in his pur pose, and dressed as a travelling jeweller, came opposite to this theatre, in which this drama's last act was to be played. Without a light showing at its many windows, tall, gaunt, deserted, this house m Seething-lane reared itself against the pale summer sky ominously. It looked clear cut as a pack of cards, and as heartless. Maude's heart thumped as his hand pressed the knocker. He felt like a fly entrusting himself to a spider's web. And he knew full well that this spider was hungry. But he summoned heart at last in the confidence that he alone was master of the con spirators' secret; and he knocked three times lightly at this door, as he had knocked three times lightly at the door at Barn Elms. At the same moment as the rest of the conspirators were assembled in the lone house at St. Giles's, won dering at the absence of Maude, the last carrier in the post organised by Ballard between Chartley and London put into BabiDgton's hands a second ciphered letter from the Queen of Scots in answer to his written from Dethick. In this letter she gave him and his trusted friends her full commission to act for her interests to the uttermost, gave directions as to the general rising, and advised that the six gentle men should be set to work forthwith. A triumphant shout from the six gentlemen greeted this Order of the Day. It seemed as if this shout, unwitting chorus of a cause lost, reached even through the silent night as far as Seething-lane, where Maude stood before Walsingham's house waiting for answer to-his sum mons. For such a 6udden spasm of fear struck the agent's tottering heart that he drew back suddenly, determined at the last moment to fly. But retreat was Gut off. A glance showed him that he was still followed, and at the next moment the door opened softly, and Mr. Phillips appeared in a brilliant light, pale-faced, red-haired, lean, pock-marked as ever, his fingers convulsively twitching about his mouth. He smiled a dreadful smile of welcome. ' Mr. Maude ! ' he cried. ' Your advent is in deed timely. Mr. Secretary is dying for your news.' He nioti ned Maude iuto the house hysterically. The other cast a hunted look over his shoulder, and entered. He had half crossed the entrance hall, when the door behind him clanged heavily. He heard the screech of a key in the lock. (To be continued.) 