RETRIBUTION. CHAPTER II (ooTINUEDn.) TnE snarl deepened in his voice, and there was such a bitter force of meau ing in the expression of his face, no he made an imperious gesturo with his hand, that in spite of the incongruity and absurdity of the idea, he had served well enough for an instance of will defying fate. And if the strongoet desire and the fiercest unnerupulousneca bad served his turn, he would have defied and overborne it. The woman looked half-startled, half-amused; and naying "Well, the air must be queer to night; here am I, nervous as a cat, and you growing melodramatio." She laughed, but that laugh rang false. " Nervous, oh ? " queried the man, as they resumed their way up. " And what makes you nervous ? Too much " he made a gehturo with his hand of lifting a glass to his lips. The woman laughed, and this time the laugh rang true enough. "No, not that," she said. "I should not object to something when we reach this mountain-top, though. How much further ? " "'We are nearly there. But what is the matter with you ?" "Oh I nothing much. Fancy, I suppose." "I say," she weont on, as they left the stairhead, and passed down along the gallery, "do you over see ghosts here ? What a dreary plaeol" The long passage, roofed and walled with encaustic tiles, looked certainly inexpressibly dreary in the gloom; but to one who knew its work-a- day look, the suggestion was perhaps sufliciently absurd. At any rate the man broke into a laugh. It was not a pleasant laugh, not a good laugh. A child had not turned with ready confidence to laugh an an swer back-a man had not felt there must be some good in one who could laugh so pleasantly and long. There was no lack of enjoyment, of an un canny sort possibly, in it; but the heartier it was the lees men liked it. Something in it suggested that how ever the laugher may view the thing, there was little in its cause for other's laughter. Now, in this large empty space, it sounded too ghostly itself to be very reassuring; the sneering chuckles did verily Ring cracked and thin Like a man's laughter beard in hell, Far downi " Ghosts " he chuckled, " well they'd have queer tastes to come here ol Most of those that come here have enough of it in their lives not to want to come here again, and some of them a deal too much. I wonder though," he wont on, "if they do want to look at the lies and dodges they left behind them, working them soelves out. The old ledgers could tell tales if one had the key." The woman started at the reselling of her own thoughts. "Think," her companion went on again, "of all the dishonoured bills making acquaintance with the real holders," by which it may be presumed he meant the unhappy ilrawers of the disgraced and disgra cing doouments he referred to. " Well, we'd have a largo family party here anyway." He stopped opposite one of the many doors which, at frequent inter vals, studded the white walls of the passage. "You are not really upset ?" he asked abruptly, holding the lamp he held so that its light fell upon her. " I want nerves to- night," he added, while he regarded her intently. Whatever the woman's real feelings, she looked back at him coldly enough, and putting out one ungloved hand laid it against his cheek, saying with a smile: " I'm always all there with you, Jim; that doesn't fool like nervous nine." "Cool as a ounumber," he laughed; and taking her hand with his die engaged one, he put it to his lips and hissed it. " Mind I want you to be cool and all there to-night." He opened the door, and motioned her forward. "Wonder if sheo'll do?" he mut torod. " However there's no help for it now, abhe ost do I" The room into which he followed her was an ordinary office-liko apart. mont. The name in neat black lettering on the door caught her eye as she entered--" Messrs. Cunningham & Co., General Agents "-and there was nothing within to indicate the limita tion, or the extent of the bnusiness thus designated. Save that the room would have struck one used to city offices as somuwhlt more comfortably, if not luxuriously, furnished than the general run of such places, there wan nothing at all remarkable about it unless, indeed, the number of doors opening into it seemed out of proportion to the size of the place. "Sit down a \minute," said the man called Jim, " and you shall have some of the stuff you wanted just now." He went to a press-like piece of fur niture at one side of the room, going first however to one of the inner doors, and for a moment listened, as it ceomed. Something in the way he did it at tracted the woman's attention. It seemed as though he did it more by habit, as though he had listened there many times, hearing nothing and not expecting to hear anything; but yet listening for some sound that never came. The woman watched him. "Did you hear anything ?" he askled, and there was a doubt of sus pioion in his voice. "No," she answered. "What on earth could you expeoot to hear here ? It's like a tomb for silence." " Just so," he answered with a low half-laugh, as though some ghastly jest lay concealed in her remark, "and tihe dead men are quiet there, are they not? It doesn't matter for that !" "If you are going to talk about dead men lot's have some light I Tha.t Irnp'n no good at all." " All right, Bello ; wait a minute," and again he stood as though lis toning. " What aro you listening for ?" cried Bello. "Do light the gas I" " Why, I'm thinking I had better have told Bob to go round and come back. It will be better than his wait ing here." " All right; but I thought you were not going to keep me long ? You said I was to ahow myself to-night." " I know. I do want you to alow to-night; but thero's time for that; it's early yet. I'll go and toll Bob." "Leave us the drinks, thou." " What will you have, brandy or fizz ? It's both bohere." As he spoke, ho lit the burners on the walls, and the bright light filled the room. " Oh I some cham, if you have it," cried Belle, and as he opened the press - door she looked and laughed. " Well, you don't work dry," she said, as the rows of bottles and decanters met her eyes. "No; it helps things along a bit sometimes," answered he, as he pro. duced the goldon-neoked bottle and glasses. Setting them down, he said " There you are. You can amuse yourself with opening them ; I know you like that game. I sha'n't, be a minute." He tools up the lamp and weont hastily out, as though glad to got away. " "Whatever's up with Jim to-night ?" muttered Belle, as she got tip and went to the table; "he's as queer and mys terious as can be. And now," looking about, " he's gone off, and where are the cutters 2" She looked'round the room and in the press, but could not find what she wanted. " Well, he's a pretty one I" she ex claimed; "and I am so thirsty! I wonder if they are in any of these other places ?" She looked round the room again, and then wont towards door at which Jim had listened. She had her hband on the handle, when suddenly she stopped and stood as he had, in an attitude of startled attention. So she stood for a moment, and thenou, her face!whitoning as though at some visible horror, she went hastily to the other side of the table, shaking as she went. Still looking with ap prehensive eyes to the door she had so nearly opened, she sank slowly into the chair behind her, shaking like a leaf tossed by the wind. "Good God " she murmured, "there's something horrible about this place, or I'm off colour a lot to night. What's come to me? I wish Jim would come back. Ugh 1" and she shuddered as though an icy wind had struck her. Her hands strained on the chair arms, her eyes fixed on the door, she esat shivering in a girowing extremity of dread ; while the chill perspiration of a mortal terror dripped on her fore head, and the icy hand or- dread seemed to grip her very heart. onAPTen MI, Belle was still sitting staring at the door when Jim came baok. He came in quickly, and turned to close the outer door before he came into the room. By a desperate effort Bello rallied herself, and changing her position, lay back in her chair, when at last he entered. Fearful of something she know not what she might bhe ; but her fear of the man, in whose company and power she know herself to be, over mastered that other terror, and she felt constrained not to let him see her fear. Why she could not have told. " What, not opened the bottle ?" he exclaimed, as he saw the untounohed wine and empty plases. "I had no cutters," responded Bello, in a low voice; " where are they ?" "You say that as though it were something very terrible; and why didn't you knook the nooke off? I don't know where the blessed things are." " Are they in there ?" asked Belle, pointing to the door she had tried. "Eli I what, there ?" stammered the man. " No they're not in there," recovering himself ; " here, let's lknook the head off. Why, you look as though you wanted it bad enough," he weont on ; " you're as white as a corpse." He started as he said the word; and he too looked at that closed door. If Belle's pallor had attracted his attention, his well merited hers. He hastily took the champagneo-bottle and catching up a ruler that lay on the ofllio-des, knooked tihe head off the bottle, and splashed the foaming wine into the glasses. He swallowed his ata draught; and then going to the press took a decantor of brandy, pouring out a liberal measure, dashed some more cham pagno into the glass, and drained the mixture. Thenou with a laugh he turned to Belle, who had also eagerly drunk her wine. "Now we shall be better I You had better have some more." Bello did not object, and Jim filled her glass, and added a drop of braudy. "Are you comfortable ?" he asked. "I shall not be long, but you will listen all the better if you are." Bells lay back in her chair and de olared she was perfectly comfortable. The wine had removed her physioal chill, and for the while, at least, her fear. Jim took another glass of brandy and ohampagno, and then turned sharply on her with the air of a man who, having made up his mind he must face a danger, is determined to take it with no delay; "Belle," he said, "we have always been good friends, have we not, from the first time we mot to now ? " "Why I yes," assented Belle, sur prisedly. " What are you getting at, Jim ?" iho turned round in liher chair to look at him. He was a slightly-made man, under or but just on middle height; and perhaps more years than he cared to remember advanced in middle-lifo. Thoroe waso no suggestion of age, or indeed anything but fo::eo snd vigour about him; but the worn feco and linled hUnds told their talo. Dull black, or at any rate dark hair, just, and but just, touched with grey; a dark heavy mous tacho that, if it had an evil mouth, gave a certain hungry, fierce look to his face, which the keen, dark eyes, gleaming under heavy brows, intensified. Hero, in his eyes, was the one weak point of a face that, though not perhaps hand some, was not without an attractive power of its own- red rims and slightly - bloodshot whites, lessened very considerably the offect, from the standpoint of beauty, of those keen and eager eyes. The reckless dissipa tion that heeded not its cost so be it its greedy passion was gratified, and " o'er long nights that gaily shamed the dawn " had loft their sign writ clear there. He was carefully dressed, some points off the extreme of the prevail. ing fashion; but with a neatness and attention to "points" and style that savoured more of west than east, of Bond-street than Chapel Court. If there was a suggestive display of jewellery the various trinkets were both good and in good taste ; if there was a shade of self-assertion in his carriage, it was veiled, whon he would, with a very charming if much veneered polish of manner. Women, with all their instinct, so often lacking in perception even on this point, called him a very gentle manly man-not meaning, which had boon true, that he was good electro plate, but the sterling metal. Men who knoew the world and those that go up and down therein road adventurer under outward respecta bility and judicious manner. The rough and ready verdict of a certain class of gentlemen, mostly young but these lads of college and crammers have as rare an instinct (their sisters often, as beforesaid, lacking it) for the right thing as they are ready to give expression to it-with whom he had in his professional charaoter as agent -or, more plainly, money-lender's man and decoy-many dealings was that he was a decent sort to talk to, but " a bit of an outsider." The first clause wherof was, accord ing to their lights at any rate, true; the second might have been strength ened without lessoning in any way its truth. Jim, or, as his cards of private life stated, Mr. James Russell Morley -otherwise known to a certain set in "fast " life as Jim Cunningham, the betting man-was in very truth a good deal of an outsider, an Ishmael of Ishmaels, but one who, with many of his tribe, had learnt that the best as well as the safest way to turn your hand against every man is to secure his alliance and regard, and from that point of vantage to smite him and spare him not. He had laughed at the ghor.ts who would come again to this haunt of gold-seekers, amongst whom he was one; but in sorry truth many sad ghosts might well have come bask to the place where began the spread. ing of the snares that at last sooner or later, enmeshed them. Well .might the weary souls have turned the lying, or perhaps too true, ledger-leaves, as his grim fancy had suggested, to read the history of temp tation and disaster, or in more fleshy guise those who there took the most fatal of many fatal steps come back from the sad, obscure, secluded haunts to which their folly or their faults bad condommed, to look upon and curse that evil place. And as he knew and cursed the guilty knowledge, he had a rare piece of circumstantial evidence to the fashion of the place, even behind that as yet unclosel door. " Yes," he repeated ; " always good friends, from when you were a wild girl your sister kept down so hard." " Ah I and who gave her the slip so well when she wanted to. But you were a bad 'uun, Jim. But," breaking off suddenly, " where is Annio, or what has become of her P I should like to kniow." " Then I can't tall you," answered Mlorley, an angry fierceness coming into his tone. He start)d at the name. It re minded him of one of many ugly bits in his life; and he did not like ugly bits remembered. "Don't talk about her," he went on. "I should have thought you'd have forgotten her by this time I And I want to talk about something of im portauce.' " Oh! I don't care," answered Belle. " There was no love lost on my part, I can toll you. I should have liked to have soon her when she found we were both gone, and she was left with only her sweet self." Morley smiled evilly. "Yes; I don't think there was much else, oxcept her, left behind. But enough of her. Do you know we are wasting timUe horribly, and thoro's a lot to be done." " Well I what's to do ?" said Belle, laughing boisterously. "You keep on ,saying that, and doing nothling I" Morloy looked at her sharply. Had the wine begun to affeot her too much ? That would be a fatal thing, indeed. While she was at least moderately " straight," as he put it, he must lot her know somehow; but he feared for the knowledge. " Shortest's boest 1" he exclaimed. " You will soon see what's to be done. Ohs" suddenly, " see if the cutters are in that room, will you ? It makes such a mess kinocking the heads off." The implied suggestion of more wine pleased Miss Bello, and jumping up, she went forward, while Morley stood behind, his face working a hiis hands shook. He looked as one who wathehd the doing of something in which he de lighted, and yet which he feared, even as a boy watching the firing of his sumptuous fireworks "with a fearful joy." Bello wont into the other room, and looked about her. "I can't see the things. I wish you'd look for your own tools I" she essid. Suddenly seo gave a start and a cry, and came hasetily back. " Why, there's a man asleep there I" she cried. " You carry on finely. Supposo he heard what we were say oui u?" d siet Io frightened of his hearing anything," answered Morley. And he went back to the table and took come more brandy. A sort of monkoyish malice and some strong fear seemed alternately to move him. "What does it mean ?" asked the woman, staring at him. Her rage was forgotten, her indignation owal lowed up in wonder. " Is he drunk ? You go on in a pretty way hero, I must say. Is this a usual thing-to have strange man sleeping about the place ?" " It's not very uunal," said Morley in a queer, tone; "and they don't generally sloop so sound." "Heas le been hero long ? I'll go and wake him I I say, what will he say when he finds where he is? What larks I" and taking up the lamp she again entered the room. Morley followed her with his eyes, but seemed incapable of motion. "I wonder if she'll stand it," he muttered. His lips woere dry as chips; he took some wine to moisten them. But the strong drink he had taken had no apparent effeut. He heard Bello put down the lamp and step to the man's side. There was a moment of intense silence. " Well, you are sound asleep," Belle's voice broke in; "but you must arise, young man. Wake up I" Then again there was silence. Morley stood leaning against the table ; he looked as though in terrible suspense. A beads of perspiration that had gathered on his forehead trickled down and fell on the table as he leant across it. Then the silence was harshly broken. A wild shriek of surprised horror, and Belle burst into the room, wild. eyed and whits-faced. She ran to Morley, as though some terror woere behind her, and throwing herself upon him she gasped: "He's dead, Jim I He's dead 1" She staggered. Morley placed her in the chair and held his tumbler of brandy to her lips. She gasped once or twice with a wild gesture. "Drink this I Don't be a fool l" spoke the man over her, and half uneonsoionusly she took the glass. " Drink it I It won't hurt you now." And Belle gulped down the strong spirit. She lay back, looking at him with horror- filled eyes. " Oh I Jim I" she panted. "All right, dear; you'll be all right in a minute. I ought not to have let you go in there. But I've sobered her," he added to himself, "if I have not sobered her too much I" "Ugh " and she shuddered. "I touched it, Jim," she said hurriedly, in a strained voice, " and shook it and felt the faoo--and - and, ohb, it's fearful I" She stopped, shuddering. Morley soaked a handkerchief in brandy and held it to hki forehead. " Drink the rest up," he said. " We have something to do to-night." (To be continued.) 