SIORY PAGE. ' ' . Now Finra Published. Outlaw & Lawmaker. IN ANGLO-AUSTRM.MH ROMANCE. By MS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "ThoHoad Station," "The Bond #f - Wedlock," "Tho Brother of the Shadow," " Passion and Polioy," " Nudine," "An. Australian Horoino." And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Gartoy or. ' "Tho Ladies' Gallery," "The Right Honourable," &o.; Hill ftUBENSLiND EIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXXVI.— (Continued.) ' She is at the Hell,' ho said. ' Thojr buried Lord Horace in the graveyard at Tunimba, and Lady Horace and the "Waverynge went baok to the Hell after the funeral. Poor Lady Horace bore her loss with a. ourious .composure. She seemed far more distressed and broken by her uncertainty about you. But she said that she was convinced you were not dead. She had an extraordinary intuition that Trant had you somewhere ih hiding, and she had a belief that 1 should find you. She will not he surprised when she sees us this morning. Tell her the truth Elsie, if you please. I mean the truth about your abduction, but keep the secret of Moonlight's lair. But if you take my advice, you will let tho rest of the world believe that "you and Trant got lost in tho mountains, and that it was only by chance I dis covered you.' 'I will let all the world, including Iua, think so,' Elsie answered. 'My poor Ina! She will have no heart for euch things. Tell me,' she wont on hesita tingly, ' was there any trouble about Mrs. _ .Allanby ? ' ' : 'Ah! I see that you know of poor Horace's infatuation ; it was very patent to other people. 1 believe there was some sort of scene, but that it was kept from your sister. Lady "Waveryng has behaved like an angel nnd a woman of the world in one. It was extraordinary tho way she watohad over both Mrs. -Allanby and Lady Horace, keeping them apart, and arranging for Mrs. Allanby to he taken to Leiohhurdt's Town without ' any suspioion. She was like a sister to that unfortunate woman, from whom it ' might he supposed that sho would naturally shrink as if she wore poison. But noblesse oblige'- he added with a laugh. 'Race telle, after all. Lady "Waveryng never seemed to think of her own grief, and it is certain that she was devoted to Lord Horace.' 'Yes, Lady "Waveryng "is good,' said Elsie. ' I am glad that Ina has got her now.' It was strange, now that the novelty of ' the situation had worn off a little, how quietly and composedly they talked, . JJluke gave no hope, no hint of union. They might have been parting with the soaflold before one of them, for all the hoping or planning there was in their talk about the f nture. But not withstand- . ing tho gloom- and tragedy which sur rounded their lives--the terrible disoovery ' that had come upon her, the utter hope lessness' of any happiness before them, this early morning on which she rode olasped in. his arms seemed tho opening of a new life for Elsie, Her whole being was filled with a curious calm certainty. She knew the woiBt. She knew his crime ; she knew the bar between them. But abeknew also that he loved her supremely, she knew that in life or in death she must belong to this man and no other. Her mind was made up, hor course was olear. Tho east was aglow when they reached the crossing, and the birds had beguu to twitter, and tho cockatoos to chatter. : It was 'a strange, wonderful world, bathed in dew and suffused with tho radiance of sunrise. Blake dismounted. Ho had reluctantly unfolded his arms from 'Elsie's form. Their kiss had a great solemnity, as waB fitting after this moBt sad yet sweetest night in the lives of either. Blake seated Elsie on the saddle and walked beside her, holding tho rein. Abates was very quiet, and as if in sympathy rubbed his sleek beautiful head against his master's shoulder. Elsie stooped and kissed the creature's shining mnno 'Dear Abatos,' she said. 'Bo you remember,' she added, turning to Blake, 'how l once wished that, Moon light might oarry me off on Abatos ? I .havo had my wish.' ' Hot ' quite,' he answered. 'I am bringing you home. You don't know tho mad longing that seized me last night as we rode together — tho longing that it might he to Borne far- off place, where we . should be together to our lives' end.' '"Why did you not take mo?' she murmured. ' Because I love you, Elsie, too well to sacrifice your life to mine.' 'And if I asked you to take mo,' sho' said. . (If you asked me I should say no— I should say.go and marry the man who is more worthy of you than I.' ' ' Arid if I told you that I could never . marry that man — never, never, that I . should feol. it a orime to marry him when ; my heart arid soul belonged to you ?' , 'Then I. would say "Go ; hack, Elsie, and wait a year, two years, till you are sure of yourself— till I have made a new life, and a new home away from tho toteidbw of old sin," and sorrow, and dis grace. I should Bay give yOuraelf the chance , of -repenting — — '" . . 'And if . I gave myself the chance,. and i? I did riot repent, hut longed uioro ardently than -now that., I might make your happiness as you would make mine, what then ? ' . (Then I would tako you in my arms, and.hid'you never leave them more.' V l'faey crossed tho river silently, and ho led her to the bouse.: No' one was stir- ' ring. Ho lifted her down at the log stops ' kangaroo hound : barked, and! presently a rieepy islander > 'came slouching out of the back premisos. . . 'Blake took Elsio's hand. .' - j', I will leave you now audi ride baok /v to Barolin. I am to he there for a week. making final amngetaents;;If you wish to communicate "with me, Vthat address would find me at ' once. But' wo port, Elsie, for ever.' . . ' Bo wo port?' ehe cried, withawild, half tearful lahgh. 'I will write to you. AVe shall see.' : . . . Goodbye, (ho said, afraid of her weak ness, tearing himself away lest hie ' pre- senco should influence her agctinBt what was best for hor future. ' ( Goodbye, my dear love. God bless and keep you.' Ho mounted Abatos and roae away. Elsie wont straight to Ina's room. Iua was wide awako. It had not ooourred to Elsie that her unexpected appearance might give her sister a shook whioh might b8 hurtful, Ina gazed at her at first as though she wore a ghost. Poor Ina had tho look of oho who had beoomo used lately to seeing ghosts. She said not one word, did not utter a cry. . . ' Ina,' said Elsie", going to the bed and taking the young widow in her arms. 'Oh, my poor Ina; my darling Ina; I have come baok again. I am quite safe. I have come baok to be with yon in your trouble.' ' I knew that you were not dead,' Inn said, in an odd, dulled voice.1 'I know that God would not bo so cruel as to take you from me. I knew that you would have coihe to me if you had -been dead. Horace has come to me often. AVe have talked together. He has told me — we have forgiven each other everything.' Oh 1 my dearest Ina, ho had nothing to forgive you.' . ' You'don'tknow. Oh! wasn't it sad about poor Horace ? ' Ina went on quite calmly. ' Mir. Blake has told you, I sup- pose, Elsie, all that has happened.' ' Yes, I know all that happened. My heart aohed for you, Ina.' ' But it was much best that God should have taken him,' Ina went on. 'Horace feels that now. It was . such a bright, joyous life, Elsie— that's iyhat makes it seem so hard, and he cared so for the things of life — poor Horace ! But God will remember all that, and wo don't know what tho othor life is like, dear. I think it mast be like this one, only with out the sin. Horace was taken away ; ust in time to save him from sin. I told lor that. I told bor I was glad-; and I think she understood. Poor woman, I was sorry for her. It was harder for her than for me.' Elsie listened in silont wondor. It seemed a relief to Iaa to go ou. ' Yes, it was much best so. It wasn't her fault, and it wasn't his. If I had loved him he might have oared for me. That was the wrong from the beginning. He had a loving nature, poor Horace. People cannot help, caririg for one per son more than ' another, Elsie. They ought not to bo judged hardly. The sin is in marrying ono person when yon love another. You may think you will get over it, but you pover do, you never do. It i3 always a canker in the heart.' And now Elsie knew what Ina. had dono for her. She had vaguoly sus pected it as a possibility, . but she had not allowed herself to think of it as a fact. 'Elsie,' Ina said suddenly. 'I have learned a good doal while I have been sitting quiet here sinco Horace died. I havo been wrong, wrong from tho begin ning. There ie no use ever in trying to go against nature and one's heart. I was wrong in helping to porsuado you to merry Prank. You don't love him, you love Mr. Blake. And Mr. Blake loves you. I saw that very well when he tdlkod to me after you were lost. I knew that he would find you. Love always finds the, way to the one that is dearest. Elsie, don't marry Frank if you lovo Mr. Blake. Only harm' will come of it. And God may not be merciful and take liim away, as he took Horaco. But I ought not to tell you now. You won't under stand.' And tho poor thing burst for tho first time into hysterical sobbing. to be aoxtcttnsd to-hobkow. 