Tlie merchantman. Tue following are some stanzas of Mr. Rudyard Kipling's last published poem, which appeared in the Pall Hall Gazette : — King Solomon drew merchantmen Because of his desire For peacocks, apes, and ivory From Tarshish unto Tyre : And Drake he sacked La Guayra, so stout oi neart was ne ; But we be ooly sailor men That use upon the sea. Coastwise — cross-seas— round the world and back again, Where the flaw shall head us or the full Trade suits I Plain sail — storm sail — lay your board and tack again— And that's the way we pay Paddy Doyle for his boots ! By sport of bitter weather We're walty, strained, and scarred From the kentledge by the kelson To the slings upon the yatd. Six oceans had their will of us To carry all away — Our galley's in the Baltic, And our boom's in Mossel Bay ! We've floundered off tbe Texel, Awash with sodden deals. We've slipped from Valparaiso With the Norther at our heels : We've ratched beyond the Croesets That tusk the Southern Pole, And dipped -our gunnels under To the dread of Agulhas' roll. Beyond all outer chartings We sailed where none have sailed, And saw the land-lights burning On islands none bave bailed. Our hair stood up for wonder, But when the night was done, There rolled the deep to windward Blue-empty 'neath the sun. Strange consorts sailed beside us (And brought us evil luck) ; The witch-fire climbed our channels, And danced on vane and truck ; Till through the red tornado. That lashed us nigh to blind, We saw The Dutchman plunginq. Full canvas, head to wind. We heard the Midnight Leadsman That calls the black deep dowo. Ay, thrice we heard the Swimmft — The corpse that may not drown. On frozen bunt and gasket The sleet-cloud drave her hosts. When, manned by more than signed with us, We passed the Isle o' Ghosts ! | And North among the hummocks, A biscuit-toss below, We met the silent shallop That frighted whalers know ; For down a bitter ice-lane, That opened as he sped, We saw dead Henry Hudson Steer, North by West, his dead. So dealt God's waters with us Beneath the roaring skies, So walked His signs and marvels All naked to our eyes : But we are heading homeward With trade to lose or mate, Good Lord, they slipped behind us In the tailing of our wake 1 Let go— let go the anchors ; Now shamed at heart are we To bring so poor a cargo bome Tbat bad for gift the sea ! Let go— let go tbe anchors ; O fools were we and blind— The woret we saved with bitter toil, The best we left behind ! Coastwise — cross- seas— round the world aid back again, Where the flaw shall fail us or the Trades drive down : Plain-sail— storm-sail— lay your board and tack again— And all to bring a cargo up to London Town! 