QEPEgiimmm It's a terrible thing sometimes to be a re presentative of royalty. The Viceroy of Ireland has many consolations. He can riss the youthful debutantes at his oourt, and if some be a tnfle off color m the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful. Even the Vioeroy of India ©an get away to the Hills, and the diversions 0f Simla are of an exciting, not to gay spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He has generally a large stock of orders on hand for opening buildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new abont anything at the shortest notice, and to he widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric Buddhism. He has frequently to travel long distances with members of Parliament ! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unkmdest out of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain him. "Please ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a North-Western Show Secretary the other day to the local member. With his usual oourtesy, the Governor was willing to go. " Is it good enough ?" wired baok the cautious member, and then it was found that it would cost some thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed discussion, and it was finally derided that, in the present state of affairs, it "wasn't good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Govt r nor out of it until they had made np their minds. It isn't customary to ask a man to dine with you, and then let him know what itcost8you. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the ' Daily News " " On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. W. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Surely a paragraph this full of points! Bather sets the example in style for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not have been so bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied in any Parliamentary system. Again, it is interesting to hear that ' ' many prominent members of society were present, as well as politicians.'' The implied distinction be tween the former and the latter riass in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mi-rqd geogrgaphy. It is interesting to notice the amount of usurer solicitude manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman's unexpected appoint ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com pletely educated with regard to affairs Indian, it certainly should be a man who spent the greatest part of his life in India in the dual capacity of soldier and iplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to be agitated st i the new Viceroy should not be capable of ealing firmly with suoh important questions afi arise. Had the Gladstone Govern ment, appointed to the undoubtedly cult office, say, the head of one 0 the noble families in England, exPerence limited to Downing street . dames', would there have been suoh anxiety? £ trow not. The only parallel |c occurs to me at the moment is the e. a number of elderly spinsters n oning a successful bookmaker against vn money 0n the turf, while theoallow TWo ?a8ses by to plunge on a dead bird. 1 In 18 a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and 1 the pityingf doubting congratu- Who .,te?ere to the gallant old soldier anal' k8 reeor be ay criterion of his ®kould be well qualified to deal with InditP08. dangers which menace our P&DerTi; )ire the way, a Russian jeet ®xPres88d an opinion on thiajsub- looked no to be wholly oyer- . oar Works ought to idea nt i ®olored wiudow, designed after inent tAMamaiar Pears' Soapadverfcise- Poet Pane ought to represent the mL 2 ceaaible in hand to reach aninao- "He wft '"d be marked with the legend on8M to the P>iik .i v z holding np the coveted saC fe 01 00nn,e-Mr ftednak. nwi never: consent tq be ture, butthf th0 littlfr hoy in'ctheio i 8ad: he hasgot it. Hedeseryed R. His fatyrert to the sewerage qnestion Is «o deep |md; teal; And, by the way, it V «ottruet I am authorised to say. that the fnxdhas written an epSp poem, fTo a Main Sewer," dedicated to Councillor M'Mahon. . There are some pointsabont being a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don't pay any inoome-tax, are hot worried about politics, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don't even have rows about their washing hill, because the fluttering robes they wear never want washing. Better still, if you are a ghost, you have solemn, learned people ex citing themselves in the in vestigation of von. The study of ghosts is, in fact, one of the moBt absorbing pursuits on theoards. Mr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has even estab lished a spooky magazine called "Border- lood,'' about which eveiything is to be ghostly, except the profits. Last of all, a number of gentlemen in Melbourne, compris ing Mr Astronomer Ellery, Professr Laurie, Dr Syme,Dr Strong and Professor M'Alpine, -of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nuolens of a Melbourne Psychical Research Society, which is shortly to be publicly floated. I understand that it is to sit for the colleotion of evidence, like the Sweat ing Board (there is a shocking lot of "s weat ing" where the ghosts come from !) and ghosts are to be called as witnesses. I am sure and hope they will be successful. . At present I regard so-oalled "familiar spirits" as being considerably " under proof,'' but I have an open mind on the subject. I trust the Society will give particular attention to Australian native spooks, bnnyips, "an' sich." They have never been properly investigated by psychical students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as good as, say , an Irish banshee, or an old English family spectre. In fact, if the native artiole does not get justice done, I shall, with the editor's permission, use this column for con ducting an agitation in favor of faying im ported spirits and protecting the local article, and for having the former stamped, as is pro posed to be done with Chinese furniture. So just let Mr Ellery and Professor Laurie look out ! # The evils of the opium habit, have they not been told by thousands of orators and writers who — never knew what it was. A De Quincey is not found at every street corner, and it is not easy to imitate his " con- essions." Of course, it is my plain duty to believe that both tobacco and opium shorten people's lives. Occasionaly one does indeed come across a hard case — a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Once, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty, who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our re spective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. Bat what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the Eng lish papers about the mines in Burmah. Mr Parker says : — " At the second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in the country. smoking opium steadily all the time. Ho keeps a drug shop, and seems to be very much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cherished notions. "Some queer stories are afloat in the Rumiymede district," writes a correspon dent, " with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that a newly - married lady in tends to take divorce proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she — the wife — was in ill-health he slept in the same room as Miss Jorgensen." If the wives of all the men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss J orgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there wiU be trouble. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. The piece de resistance (writes " Rita"), at the Austral Salon on Monday after noon was the prize drama, "In the Dark," from the pen of a rising writer, Mr Bernard L'Espinasse. The characters were taken by Miss Atkinson, Mr Ohas. "Wheeler and Mr Kozmin sky . At the . conclusion the author was called tor, and he thanked the audience for the reception accorded to his work. Mesdames James Murphy, and Stewart Smythe were thehostesses on the occasion. The room was prettily de corated with daffodils and ferns, and the company included the vice-president, Lady Clarke, and Miss Ward -Cole. The programme, a .VEried jLnd intCrestiqg: 08' was contributed by Misses M. iMurpby, fM, Horritj; X 