FICTION. Vrom Kagtlsti, Amarle», and Otbar par lad I cal«« PAULINA LISLE. CHAPTER V.-(Continued.^! The afternoon sun dropped low : Miss Mason, glancing out at the crimson golden radiance yonder in the west, opined that it was almost time to go and get tea. Duke must depart for the " regions o£ darkness," as she always thought of the Britannia, at half-past BÍX, and the pantaloons were done. She glanced at their wearer, and her grim face grew a shade more grim. "At it again," thought Miss Masoni "he's growing worse every day." Duke was not doing anything very wrong-in fact, he was not doing anything at all. He sat perched on the top of the ladder, his brushes and palette unused, staring very hard at nothing, and ''.whistling a pensive accompaniment to his thoughts. It was quite a new habit of his, this day-dreaming, a habit contracted since his late visit to Lincoln- shire. That was over three weeks ago now, and, as his sister said to herself, he grew worse every day. i He had not said a word, as you may suppose, of the adventure of the night of the twenty-fifth of March. Very few people felt tempted to pour the story of their follies into the vestal ear of Rosanna, and he had hidden the opal ring deep in the recesses of his pocket-book.g|He had told nobody of that strange adventure, and he had contracted a custom of thinking aboutit a great deal. The fair, proud face of Miss Olivia Lyndith rose very often between him and the canvas, and haunted his dreams. What had become of her ? Had she married [the baronet-he was a baronet, Duke supposed-or had Robert turned up? Of course not ; Robert was drowned. It was all darkly mysterious. Just at present he was wonder- ing how the young lady's escape had come to be discovered so speedily ; it was the missing key did it, no donbt. It had been the missing key. Mrs. Grimshaw had found herself i unable to sleep that night on account of it. Had the spirit of the slain cavalier whisked it off, or had Miss Lyndith anything to do ?with it ? After tossing several hours, Mrs. Grim- shaw grew desperate-got up-Btole to the young lady's chamber to see that all was safe. The door ?was unlocked, the bed unelept in, the young lady gone. Half an hour after Mr. Lyndith was teaiing along to the station in search of his ward. " If J. J. Quill got hold of the story he'd work it up in a five-act melodrama, and make his fortune," thought Duke. "J. J. has done all the dramas they've played at the Britannia for the last four- teen years, except what I've cooked over from the French. She said if she ever needed me, she ?would send for me again ; I hope she won't ¡ Kosanna might find it out, but then I would like to see her once more. How handsome she looked, standing up there, and defying that old Turk, her uncle !" Mr. Mason unconsciously assumed a defiant attitude himself as he thought of it. Miss Mason saw him, and laid down het work. " Duke," his sister said, in a deep bass. Duke started to his usual position, and laid hold >f his brushes in some trepidation. It wasn't likely his sistar could read his thoughts, but Duke ?wouldn't be very much surprised to find that she could. "Duke!" repeated Miss Mason, in her deepsst tones, "let there be an end of this. Tell me what it means." " An end of what, Rosanna ? Do you mean this scene ? Well, I'm bringing it to an end as fast as I can. I suppose those big fellows do make a mess, hut there's no help for it, As to what it means, it's the Grotto of the Venus Aphrodite, and the piece it is for is a new thing, and will make Tinsel and Spangle, if anything will. It is called the ' Coral Caves of the Dismal Deep ;' and there are six acts and thirty-seven scenes : and it all happens ?under the sea. In the ballet, in one parb, where the Venus Aphrodite rises from the ocean, there are five-and-forty young women, dressed, or rather undressed, as mermaids and sirens, and that sort of people dancing around her in a blaze of golden fire. I appear in the ' C. C. of the D. D.' myself as a Triton, with a tail and a tripod. The Venus will be done, of course, by Miss Annetta de Courcy-in the bosom her family, Mra. Ann Bullock-and Spangle himself takes the lovely young Grecian prince, who, going for his morning bath in the iEgean Sea, is lured to the Coral Cave by the songs of the sirens. Tinsel plays Neptune ; and one scene is in six compartments, with six different actions going on at once. That will be a poser for the machinist. I flatter myself. It's a great piece, Rosanna, and we will have to work double tides before the machinery is finished." Mr. Mason dashed in his skies and clouds ener- getically, feeling guiltily all the while that his accusing angel in the parlour was about to bring him to book. " I dos't want to hear about your Coral Caves and your Venus thingamies, Duke Mason," his sister retorted, sternly ; " it is ba'd enough to know that such sinful things exist, and that my own brother is risking his eternal welfare among them. I want to know what you mean by that odious habit you have contracted of sitting for hours and staring at nothing, like an idiot. It means some- thing-don't tell me, sir-I know better !" "Then I suppose it means laziness, Rosanna," Duke answered, good humoredly, " It means more than laziness, though that's bad enough. You know what the pious and wise Dr. Watts says : ' In works of labour and of-' " "Oh,dear! Yes, Rosanna. I know; don't re- peat it," groaned Duke. " But it isn't laziness ; it's worse, Duke !" in her cruelest voice. " Don't prevaricate to me. You have fallen in love." If MisB Mason bad said, and truthfully, "you have committed a murder," her brother could hardly have looked more alarmed and guilty. Was it love, to bo haunted by day and by night by one beautiful face, to wear an opal ring in a pocket book, and have a secret hidden from an only sister ? Guilt was there, and guilt told. " I see I am right," Rosanna said, after a thrill- ing pause. " Duke, who is the young woman ?" "Upon my word, Rosanna, there is no young ?woman. That is, there isn't-she doesn't-I mean--". I Eosanna shook her head bitterly. " That sounds very plausible, no doubt, brother Duke, but it doesn't deceive me. There isn't-she doesn't, indeed ! Ob, Duke, have I brought yon up to this time of day, and instilled the catechism into you, only to see you come to this ? The theatre was bad enough, but to fall in love ! And next you'll want to get married ! Duke, I command you Who is the hussy ?" " There's no hussy in the case, and I'm not in love, and I don't want to get married. Good gracious, Rosanna ! what crime will you suspect a fellow of next ? Upon my word and honour," cried Duke, in a paroxysm of torture, "I haven't a notion of getting married now, or ever- Oh, there's the postman ! Don't mind, Rosanna, I'll go." Duke bounced off his ladder, and rushed to the door. The postman handed him two letters, both addressed to himself. Rosanna Mason had never been guilty of epistolary follies, any more than i other follies, in her life. One was from Tinsel and Spangle, reproving him sharply for recent un punctuality, and commanding an early attendance in the orchestra that evening on pain of a heavy fine. Duke flung this to the farthest corner of the room, and glanced at the other. Slippery white satin paper, a faint odour of perfume, a delicate, spidery female hand, a blue wax seal, with crest and a motto. All the blood in Mr. Mason's arteries ruBhed into his face ; and there stood Bosanna that frigid vestal virgin, with piercing eyes fixed | on that furiously blushing face. She saw his look, and answered it with stinging sarcasm. " Oh, don't mind me. Bead your letter, by all means, and then tell me, when I ask you, who if s from, that ' there isn't-she doesn't'- that ' there's no lady in the ca6e'-and that you've ' no notion of being married.' Don't mind adding a few more falsehoods to your already overburdened con- science. Read your letter, unhappy young man, and tell me it's from those play-actor men, who employ you in their godless work, if you dare !" One glance of scorn and sorrow combined, and Miss Mason stalked out to the kitchen. With a sort of groan the badgered scene-painter oponed the dainty missive, and read : " You promised to come to me, if I should ever want you. The time has come when it remains for you to keep that promise. If you have any pity for au unhappy, friendless girl, you will come, at three o'clock to-morrow morning, to the addresB below. Be at the area gate at that time, and you will confer a deathless obligation on her whom you once so generously served. * O. L." There was an address at the bottom of this note -the number of a house in Park Lane. And the blood left Duke's face, and a cold thrill ran through him, as he thought of the dreadful possibilities in- volved. Did she want him to run away with her again ? Wasn't it a penal offence to elope with an heiress ? He wasn't sure- his knowledge of Black- stone waa foggy. And she would want him to go to France with her, and his reputation was at stake, not to speak of his time ; and what would Rosanna-no, he couldn't bear to think of what Rosanna would say to such horrors as this. He folded the letter, and thrust it deep into the cavernous depths of his biggest pocket, and looked distractedly out at the red light in the sky. At three in the morning ! Why, there was something unholy in the very hour-it smacked of gunpowder plots and seciet assassination. If he were seen hovering about a gentleman's area, at three in the morning, what would the policemen who guard Bark Lane dream, but of burglary ? And if he were caught leaving the house with the young lady! " I won't leave the house with her !" resolved Mr. Mason, firmly. " She's very pretty, and all that, but I'll see her farther first ! I'll run away with nobody any more. Adventures are all very well, but I'd rather take part in them on the stage of the Britannia than in private life. I'll go-I would be a brute to refuse-and when excuse will I make to Rosanna ? Not that it matters much, for she won't believe me, let me fabricate what I please." He rose, and paced softly up and down the parlor, feeling like the wretched conspirator he was. He could hear Rosanna bustling about the kitchen, the clatter of cups and saucers, and the general prepa- ration for tea. '* I'll have to stay out all night," mused Duke. " I couldn't sleep if I went to bed. What can she want ? I thought she promised to marry Sir Vane Charteris. It was bad enough to run away with a young lady. It would be worse to run away with a baronet's wife." " Come to supper," called Rosanna, and Duke went meekly out to the kitchen, which was also the dining-room, and with all his wrong-doing palpable in his face. How was he to drink weak tea, and eat slices off a stale quartern, with that secret on his mind, and that letter buried in his pocket ? He rose after two or three gulps swallowed spasmodi- cally. Rosanna, eating with the powerful appetite of strong virtue, that can relish weak tea and stale bread, saw.all his confusion. "You needn't sit up for me, Rosanna," the artist said, with nervous hurry. " I shan't be home to- night. Tinsel and Spangle have been blowing me up for laziness, and I shall work double tides to make up for it. I shall work at the Britannia until three or four this morning, and-ah-good-evening, Rosanna," Lies were not at all in Duke Mason's way-this was a mild one, but still it nearly choked him. And, of course, Rosanna did not believe one word. She listened ard ate on in ominous silence, making no response to the fraternal good night; and Duke drew a long breath as he closed the street door be- hind him, and hurried on his way. A blue, silvery haze filled the streets, through which the gas lamps twinkled. One or two early stars shone up in the blue, and a cloudless sunset irradiated the town. Duke took an omnibus, and reached the Royal Britannia at an earlier hour than he had done for weeks, and TinEel and Spangle congratu- lated themselves that their blowing up had done their second violinist good. All through the five acts of the melodrama that night Duke's thoughts were away in Park Lane, and he played false notes, and sometimes forgot to play altogether. It was an unutterable relief when the curtain fell, and the audience poured nut into the starlit night, and he was free to think as he pleased. Ii was just eleven. He turned away from the theatre, and his feet half unconsciously took him to Park Lane. He found the house he sought easily enough-a big, black-looking house many lights gleamed along its aristocratic front. A little farther down, a long 6tring of carriages, blocking the way, told of a gay party. " I wonder if she is at it ?" Duke thought. " I wonder why she couldn't have fixed one in the morning instead of throe? How am I to get through the next two hours ?" The moon was shining brilliantly, the stars were numberless, the night mild as midsummer. This, at least, was a consolation } he thrust his hands into his surtout pockets, and plodded leisurely along, whistling plaintively. What could she want of him ? Would ehe carry him off to Paris ? Any human creature persistent enough could, always do , N as he pleased with poor Duke. Was Rosanna asleep by this time or still keeping vigil ? " It's my opinion Rosanna could sit up for a month, without a wink of sleep, and be none the worse for it," thought Rosanna's only brother. " I wonder if she really sleeps at all ? Sho may, but it's like the weasels, with one eye open. For Rosanna MaBon to snore a long winter night through, in forgetfulness of the world and its wickedness, must simply be impossible. If I do run away to Paris with Miss Lyndith, I'll never dare to face her again-never !" Two ! by the numberless city steeples. Duke lighted a cigar, and seated himself in an open square, where the trees made long shadows in the moonlit grass, and the lamps waxed dim in its silvery rays. What a strange, long night it was would he ever forget it-and how was it going to end? Half-past two ! He started up. He was a couple of miles away from Park Lane-it would be three when he reached it. Still smoking, he hastened on. One or two " guardians of the night" glanced at him inquiringly-one or two belated pedestrians he passed, a few hansom cabs tore by him with the haste of abnormal hours, but the aristocratic streetB of the WeBt End lay very still under the stars. A feeling of awe carne over the young man as he glanced up at that glorious sky, and thought of Him " Who keeps the vast and silent city while it sleeps." The big black house in Park Lane loomed up before him as the clocks tolled three. All was dark and 'quiet now. The string of carriages had vanished-the party three doors off had broken up early. He leaned againBt the area railing, looking up at the dismal, unlighted mansion, when a cold hand was suddenly and swiftly laid on his. He started, and barely suppressed an exclamation ; he had'heard no sound, yet here by his side stood a woman. " HuBh !" said a voice ; " not a sound ! You are Duke Masen ?" " I am." " Tell me the name of her who sent for you ?" " Olivia Lyndith." " Thank Heaven ! Come down-tread softly." He descended the area steps, and stood beside her. She was a tall young woman, but she was not Miss Lyndith. > '*Iam the child's nurse," the girl said, seeing his surprise. " Take off > your shoes. The least noiBe may betray us." Duke obeyed. Her description o£ herself was rather unintelligible, though. The child's nurse and what had he to do with children? Miss Lyndith wasn't a child by any means. What did she mean ? There was no time to ask questions. He removed his shoes, and followed ber into the basement regions, up a flight of steps, and found himBlf in a lofty- domed and carpeted hall. The moon's rays shone brightly, and tall marble statues gleamed like ghosts in its light. A great staircase, carved and gilded, went up in majestic sweeps to the regions above. A thick, soft carpet muffled the tread as Duke followed her to a second stately hall, hung with pictures and lighted by a large Maltese window. Many doors were on each side : one of these she opened, motioning the won- dering Duke to follow her, and he found himself in a spacious and elegant antechamber, dimly lighted by two wax candles-an apartment more luxurious and beautiful than any the scene-painter had ever beheld. | " The Coral Caves of the Dismal Deep are very charming abodes, no doubt," he thought, " but for permanence give me a (big black house in Park Lane." "Wait here," the girl said, laconically. A second after, lifting a heavy crimson curtain that draped an arch, she left it fall, and disappeared. "It's uncommonly like the Arabian Nights," mused Mr. Mason, taking a seat upon a velvet fauteuil, " where Mr. Abou Hassan falls asleep at the gates of Bagdad, and wakes to find himself in gorgeous chambers, and beside the dazzling Prin- cess of China. I shall awake presently, no doubt, and hear the men in the mews over the way rubbing down their horses, and the little chimney-sweep upstairs starting on his morning's work." He paused. AgBin the curtain was lifted by the servant, and this time Miss Olivia Lyndith herself appeared ; Duke rose. She wore a flowing white dressing gown, her abundant hair hung loose over her shoulders, her large eyes looked bigger and blacker than ever in her small, pale face. Again she took his hand in both her own, as on that memorable night, when they had parted, and looked at him with her dark, solemn eyes. 1 " I knew you would come," she said ; " I knaw I might trust you. I have sent for you on a matter of life and death to me. To-morrow-nay, to-day -is my wedding-day." " Oh, indeed !" Mr. Mason responded, feeling that politeness required him to say something, and wondering if young ladies generally regarded their wedding- days as matters of life and death, and what she could possibly want of him in this state of affairs. ! "lam surrounded by enemies, who call them, selves my friends, and in whose power I am. I am going to marry a man whom I neither love nor respect-a man whom I fear. For myself, it does not so much matter. I don't care what becomes of me-" there was a desperate recklessness in her tone and look, that suited her words-" but there is one in this house whom I do love, whom I wish to save from the men who have made my life miser- able. It is a child. To obtain possession of her, I have promised to marry the man of my guardian's choice. This vary day, immediately after the cere- mony, I start for Italy, and she remains behind in the power of Geoffrey Lyndith. I cannot trust him-I will not truBt him-her life would be blighted, as her mother's has been. She must be removed out of their knowledge and out of their power. That is why I have sent for you ; I have not a friend I dare trust-they are all my uncle's friends, and her birth is a dead secret. Will you take her away with you to-night ? Will you keep her, and bring her up as your own ?-you and your sister. You shall be well paid, and, if it is ever in my power, I will claim her. Don't refuse ; have pity on me, her most wretohed mother} have pity on her, a helpless babe. You have a kind heart you helped me before. Help me now, and may Heaven reward you !" She clung to his arm-passionate tears stood in her proud eyes. Duke stood absolutely transfixed. " You shall be well rewarded. See ! here is this pocket-book ; it contains one hundred pounds, all I have now, but I will send you more. Take it, take it. You will not refuse-you cannot. Wait one instant, and I will fetch her." She darted away. Duke stood looking blankly at the Russian-leather pocket-book in his hand. A child-her child !-his head was in an utter whirl. She came back in a moment, holding in her aran a bundle wrapped in a shawl. She flung this wrap back, as she came close to Duke, and he saw the cherub face of a sleeping child. " She has been drugged to keep her quiet-she will not awake for au hour. See what a lovely little angel she is ! Oh, my darling ! my darling! my darling !" She covered the baby face with passionate kisses. With her wild, loose hair, her wilder eyes, her frantic manner, she seemed like a creature half distraught. On the instant, far away in the house, they all heard the sound of an opening door. The servant appeared in alarm. "Miss Olivia, do y«u hear thatP He must go! Mr. Lyndith has the ears of a cat, and the eyes, I believe. Give him the child, and let him go, for pity's sake !" She absolutely took the child from the arms that pressed it so convulsively, wrapped the shawl closer around it, and caught Duke's hand. " Come !" she said, " there's not a moment to lose." " Be good to it ! be good to it !'1 Miss Lyndith cried ; "as you hope for salvation, be good to my child!" She sank down in a great carved and gilded chair -a small white figure, and burying her face in her hands, her suppressed sobbing filled the room. So Duke's laBt glance saw her as he quitted it. Be- yond that "oh, indeed !" he had not spoken a word -he had not been five minutes in the house alto- gether. Like ote in a dreamy swoon, he followed the nurse through halls and stair-wayB, until once more they stood under the stars. " Put on your shoes," the girl said ¡ " you will find a cab-stand over in that direction. The baby will not awake until you get home." She pressed the child upon him. He took it mechanically-mechanically descended the area steps, looked back, and found the girl gone. What was he to do f It would never do to stand there and be discovered by a passing policeman, with a, suspicious bundle in his arms. Still like a man in a dream, he started forward in the direction the girl had pointed out, found the cab-stand, and in five minutes more was rattling over the stony streets, Bloomsburyward. Then he opened the shawl. Day was brightly breaking, and the first little pink ray stole in and kissed the lovely sleep- ing face, framed in tiny flaxen curls. A baby ! and he was taking it home. This was how the adventure of this night had ended. And he had said he would be painting at the Royal Britannia until daylight. " Powers above !" thought Mr. Mason, his heart seeming to die within him. "What will Rosanna say?" (To he continued.) 