LANTERN-JAWED SPECTRE. Br JAME3 McGOVAN, Author of " Brought to Bay," " Hunted Down," "Strange Clue3," "Traced and Tracked," "Solved Mysteries," &o.; Part II. Without a word the spectre turned away its lantern jaws and coolly glided towards tha door, through which it went flapping as com fortably as a husband going to the bath. The widow afterthefirst pealingshriekfainted clean away, but the two servants in the attic above hearing the apoalling sound leaped out of bed and tremblingly peered over the bannister. What they saw was a spectre in a long night gown and wearing an old man's nightcap mov ing quietly across the landing below-from the widow's bedroom to that opposite. Then it was their turn to shriek out and rush back to bod and bury their heads in the pillows. They did not exactly faint, but lay cowering there listening, listening while the flip-fiap of the spectre's slippers went from room to room below as methodically as a housebreaker at work and finally descended the stair to the ground flat. The sounds at length ceased and the girls, holding on to each other, took courage and descended to the bedroom of their mistress, whom they foundstillinsensible. Anicicleabout nine inches long and rather thicker than a man's finger lay melting on the carpet in front of her bed. How a man fresh from the grave came to leave an icicle behind him they did not stop to consider, but tossed the thing into the fire and proceeded to bring their mistress back to consciousness. When she at la3t opened her eyes it was to look all round with a fearful shudder and exclaim— ''He has been walking again, and oh, the touch of his finger on my brow—it was like ice, and froze right down to my heart." The girls were just as terrified as she, for a reason which will appear presently, but tbey nevertheless had sanity enough left to ex claim— " Well, that's strange—there was an icicle lying on the carpet when we came in—could he have brought it with him 2" "I can't sleep aloue—you'll have to come down here and stay beside me," feverishly added the widow. " Perhap3 this is a warning to me. What o'clock is it now 2" She turned to the place where her gold watch usually fiung, but was amazed to find that that valuable article had disappeared. "It was there when I lay down," she ex claimed in astonishment; ''are you sure neither of you took it away 2" Both girls protested in a breath that they had not seen the watch or touched it, or been out of the room since being summoned by her shriek. "We saw him too," they whispered in terror, as if that was the most wonderful part of the adventure, " and heard him go wandering all through the house after he left your room. What can he want v/ith a watch—down there 2" "Go downstairs instantly and see if any thing else has been taken," cried tbeir mistress, rousing up and throwing off her craven fear. " It's possible that the ghost is only a thief it disguise." The two girls exchanged glances, but at leDgth mustered up courage to go downstairs, and very soon returned with the report that the lantern-jawed spectre had simply stripped the house of every valuable, besides forcing open a drawer in a room below and removing about £30 in notes and coin. "Iknew it; it's all a trick played on me by a thief," said the widow decisively. But then, curiously enough, the two maids who formerly had been coolest on the subject insisted that they had seen the lantern jaws of the spectre and that ho was none other than their deceased master. "There's no other in Edinburgh has such a sbangy mootb," said the houeemaid, Jeanie Macintosh by name, "and maybe he just took back the watch as it was a wedding present to you, ma'am,[and the other things because they were his ain, and hedidnawant them to gang to another man." This suggestion was scouted at in derision by the widow, who insisted on them calling in the policeman on the beat, by whom new3 of the robbery was sent to the Central. Early in the morning I wa3 out at the house and speedily made it clear that the place had been entered by a man, who had left his foot prints on the garden plots all the way from the walk to the dining-room window. He had also left behind him a long chemise, a man's white nightcap, and a number of lucifer matches with the top3 nearly rubbed off. This last accounted for his phosphorescent faco and hands, but a curious discovery which I made was that the bedroom in the attic occupied by the servant girls was littered with matches in the same state. In a drawer in the same room I found a man's white nightcap and an old nightgown, which the maids declared had belonged to their master. There was a decided twinkle of humor about the eyes of the pretty housemaid, Jeanie Macintosh, so at last I said to her very gravely— 'It seems to me that the spectre has come out of this room just as often as through the dining-room window. Can you account for that ?" The faces of both girls were the picture of guilt and confusion, but they both loudly de clared that they could not believe that pos sible. " The thief and the 'ghost being one and having been made up in this room," I coa= tinued with my best terrorising look, "it follows that if I don't get the tbief I muas take both of you off to gaol till I get him," and I brought out my bracelets and clanked them in condemned-cell style. We were alone in the room—the widow being confined to bed with the reaction of the nerves—and the moment I made that dread rattle the two girls plumped down on their knees and with tears and wails [implored me to have mercy on them a3 they were inno cent and would tell me all they knew. "Say away," I responded, with difficulty keeping up an appearance of gravity; "per haps your confession may influence the judge when passing sentence." "It was the mistress speaking of getting married so soon that set us on to' it," said Jeanie Macintosh. "We made it up for fun to tell her we'd seen O'Flynn's ghost and then when she didn't believe it I dressed up Cicy there in his gown and nightcap and rubbed her face and hands over with matches to make them shine in the dark, and went down to her bedroom one night when it was late. She be lieved in the ghost after that and it got to be spoken aboor, and the man that was coorting her stayed away so we gied up the ghost busi ness. This thief coming in gied us as great a start as her and we ken naething aboot it." They had no more to tell, and as they were quite above suspicion of dishonesty I thought it best to nay nothing in the meantime to the widow of their confession. The truth is, I war almost sure that the thief would turn out tc be Jeanie's own sweetheart, a plumber named Bryee, who had been frequently in the house and I spent several days in ferreting after him, only to find that he was as honest and innocent as herself. _ The other girl had no sweetheart in the city, so at the end of the time I found myself exactly where I had been at the beginning. The only clue to the iden tity of the thief was that he was "lantern jawed" and wore boots very much down at the heel, as the footprints testified. These clues seemed to me to be worth just nothing, seeing that there was scarcely a thief that they would not fit, but one forenoon in crossing from the foot of College Wynd to Fish market Close I saw a thin-faced thief named Peter Mason turn away at sight of me and dis appear up the close towards his den. Now, there was nothing singular in a thief turning away from me, but it happened that the nick name of that particular rascal was "Lantern," on account of his thin laws, and the word having been under my notice in connection with the ghost I paused and turned back aft6i Peter. He was half-way up the close before I got up to him and greeted me servilely when he looked up. " Still staying up here, Lantern?' I casually enquired. 1 " Yes, sir," with a jerk. "Working?" Every thief, I may say, has an imaginary trade, and Lantern was supposed to be an engine-fitter. "Oh, yes, and doing well," he effusively returned ; but unfortunately his memory was so defective that he could not name the firm for whom he had been slaving. "I'll have a look at your lodging," I said obligingly, and he answered that there was nothing in the world would give him greater pleasure, though the writhe of his thin jaws painfully revealed the effort which his polite ness cost him. I found that he had a small room all to himself, but in that I found nothing but about £40 in gold, which for security he had dropped into a pot of rasp berry jam. When I brought up two sovereigns with the first spoonful he pulled on a stagey look of amazement and declared that he wished he had known the money was there, as it would have come in handy. No one else in the house would claim the money, so I was allowed to take it away with me. As I was about to fasten Lantern's wrist to my own he took from his pocket a folded newspaper and tossed it carelessly into the fireplace. " What's that?" I cried, snatching it np. "Only an old paper—I don't want it," he nervously answered. "But I do," I promptly returned, and I opened the paper carefully, expecting to find some small article concealed within. The paper, however, was empty, but Borne pencil marks on the margin caught my eye and I found that they were scrawled close to an account of the Morningside speotre, which had caused Mrs. O'FIynn so much trouble. The words were not very legible or very well written, bub they were very expressive—so much so thab I read them aloud for the benefit of Lantern. The words were, " Ack the ghost hear," and on hearing them Lantern was perfectly puzzled as to their significance and said he would willingly give up his liberty for six months to discover who oould have written. . X enlightened him further on by proving from a letter which he had sent to a friend that both the handwriting and the peculiar spelling were his own, and as Jeanio Macintosh swore most positively to his lantern jaws he had his wish by pleading guilty and losing his liberty for six months ■with other six added on. No trace was ever got of the plunder, bub as the word "Invisible" occurred in the letter which Lantern had sent to his friend it seemed probable that the mysterious reset had again been at work. I tried Lantern in eveiyway to get him to reveal how the resecting was worked, but he heard it all in grim silence and went to serve his term with his tongue tied. Mrs. O'Plynn tried hard to woo back her scared lover, but failing completely she turned round and brought against him an action for breach of promise, which she gained, the damages being assessed at one farthing. She is still a widow and now a grandmother, but she dresses so bewicchingly that it is evi dent she has not yet given up hope. 