Battle in the Clouds. Spectral Armies Fighting for am Hour and a Half- - The Paris correspondent of the " New York Sunday Mercury " says ; — Considerable excitement has been oc casioned near Metz by the appoarance of spectral phenomena of a most marvellous charaoter. The phenomenon was first visible on tho evening ol May 3, 1S91, when a num ber of working men passing along the high way observed what at first sight appeared to bs a small aloud passiag over eome meadows near by where they were going. Their curiosity was aroused by tho nearness of the cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and Bpread over a large area, the matter of whioh it was composed graduaily assuming the shapes of men, liorees, artillery, and all the paraphernalia of aotuul warfare. The peas ants stood entranced, watching the my sterious phenomenon, and were witnesses to a battle royal whioh continued with the most amazing exactitudo of military detail for about an hour and a half, when darkness oame on, and the spectral shapes gradually melted away. The phenomenon was wit nessed by over 100 people in all, and ha3 wrought Buoh a sensation in the district that quite a panic prevails, it being believed that the apparition is an omen oi approaching war between France and Germany. A number of intelligent and trustworthy people, including a couple of priests, have come forward and attested to the genuineness of tho facta given. Scientific men are now busy explaining the causes of suob appear- ancee, which they attribute to oertain photo graphic qualities of the trans-atmospherio region, where, they claim, are stored phan toms of everything imaginable that has in habited tbe globe from Adam down to the present time — where the history of the world is written, or rather represented, spectrally — a limbo of physioal creations, whioh serves as a museum of natural history and anti quities to those who may be able to go there and eee it ; just euoh a place as Buskin, in fact, would aoneider tho ideal Paradise. It is thought that by some rafraotivo qualities, of tho atmosphere these spectral pictures are made visible to tho eye occasionally, but thati they are mere shadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to the vision cf those who happen to be in certain vicinities at a certain lime, and that they have no moru meaning than a mere echo, they being, in fact, echoes ol bygone things. The present occurrence ia by no means the first of the kind reoorded, previous mani festations of tbe kind having, it is supposed, inspired the myths on which the old Hellenio religions were founded. In some cases speotres of men have been seen whose heads almost reached to the clouds, but this is merely caused by the mag nifying powerB of tbe atmosphere. Scotland, whiob, by all accounts, is one of the greatest ghost-Eeeing places on the earth, has had maoifestatiocs of a similar kind — one in particular being reoorded with great precision, and upon most reliable authority. This took place on a summer's evening in the year 1743, when a servant of Squire Wren, cf Wilton Hall, saw a party of horse men pasB along the road and disappear up the mountain sido. He searohed for days in the hope of fioaing thorn, but could not even find the footprints of the horees. When he told his story, the gillie was laughed even oat of his own belief in the story. A year later, however, the same man beheld another spectral tableau, and happening to be in the neighborhood of one of his master's friends, another laird named Lancaster, he asked bim to go and witness it. Upon their arrival all the spot where the apparition was visible, several other persons were already congre gated, and what they witnessed is described by those who saw them aa follows : " Tuo equestrian figures seemed to come from the loweRt part3 of Souterfell, and becumo visible at a place called Knott. They then advanced in regular troops along the side cf the fell till they came opposite to Blake Hills, when they went over the mountain, after describ ing a bind of curvilineal path. The pace at which the figures moved was a regular swift walk, and they aontinued to be seen for up wards of two hours, the approach of dark ness alone preventing them from being vis ible. Many troops were seen in succession, and frequently tbe last bat one in a troop quitted his position, galloped to the front, and took up the same pace with the rest. The changes in the figures were seen equally by all the spectators, and the view of them was not confined to the farm of Blake-hills only, but they were seen by every person at every oottage within the distance of a mile, tho nnmber of persons who saw them amount ing to about 20. The attestation of these facte, signed by Lancaster and Stricket, bears the date of July 21,1735. It is, therefore, scarcely likely that the manifestations wit nessed near Metz amounted to anything in particular from a prophetic point of view, al though a rather sensational statement, which has appeared almost simultaneously, will duubtlees make many think that the long looked for European war is close upon us. This statement is to tho effect that a docu ment has. been discovered which forms tho basis of tbe treaty between Franco and B-ueein, and which discloses the exact man ner in which Germany is to be divided up betwsen these two powers in case oi her de feat. Tho arrangement is that Franca is to tackle Germany single- handed, which she desires to do to regain her military prestige, and that in case of possible failure It jeaia is to aome upon the scene and end all doubts about tbe result. Although, on the face of it, only a canard, this story is being eeriously diEouseed by leading French and German journals. The last of the Borgias, who oount several popes, cardinals, dukes, and other august personages among the members of their once I famous family, has juBt died in poverty ana j want, in a little Tyrolese village, where his widow is recommended to the charitable pub lic in the local newspapers. In 1G71 one of the BorgiaB was canonized by Pope Clement X. ; less than a century later Don Alberto Calisto Borgia, tbe Spanish Ambassador, waB the most brilliant courtier at the Court cf Charles VI. at Vienna. Since then fortune has not smiled npon the Borgias ; and the last of the noble race, Baron Frederick Calisto Borgia, who has just left " this mortal life," has been starving for the last 20 years aa a poor village photographer! 758 