GRAVE AND GAY. Advice on the subject of ghost-seeing given by a hardened sceptic to a young friend. " My dear boy, if a ghost comes in at the door, take a pistol; if he conies up through the floor, take a pill." Unprofitable.—“Sam, why don’t you talk to your master, and tell him to lay up treasures in heaven ?” “ What’s de use of him layin’ up treasures up dar ? He neber see um again.” The papers are discussing the question, “ May cousins marry?” We should hope so. We don’t see why a cousin hasn’t as good a right to marry as a brother, or an uncle, or a son, or a sister.’’ “ My beloved brethren,” announced the preacher from his pulpit, " on Sabbath morning next a collection will be taken up for our blessed Fiji mission.” “Amen,” rang fervently [through the congregation. “ And I would add,” went on the preacher, impressively, “ that amens, however reson ant and sincere, make bnt little rattle in the contribution box.” The leader of a theatre orchestra toward the close of last season was told that he must cut down expenses. He cut off the man with the big drum, who was not getting the biggest salary of the lot. “Why did you discharge the poor fellow,” he was asked, “ instead of one of the others ?” “ Well, you see,” was the reply, “ he was getting so little, I thought he would not feel the loss of it much.” First Farmer : “ You say you can’t take .68 for • that cow ?” Second Farmer : “ Can’t do it.” “ But yesterday you told me you’d sell her for „£8.” . “ 1 know I did, but I’ll have to back out.” “ What’s the matter?” " You see that cow belongs to my wife, .and she says she’ll sob herself into hysterics if I sell her. It would break her heart.” “All right—it’s no trade.’; “ I say ?” “ W ell, what is it ?” “ Make it ,£9, and we’ll let her sob.” Customer to coal dealer : “ Have you got a name for those scales of yours ?” “ 1 never heard of scales having a name.” “ Well, you ought to call your scales Am bush. You see they are always lying in weight.” Answered.—“ Suppose,” said an examiner to a student in engineering, “ you had built an engine yourself, performed every part of the work without assistance, and knew that it was in complete order, but when put on the road the pump would not draw water ; what would you do ?” “ I should look into the tank and ascertain if there was any water to draw,” replied the student. 