SPOET AND PLAY. HY " Oi.rMPus." Wrru regard to Frank Laver~ inagiiiiii'.'ni j compilation of :)52 not out iu the match, I-Jnst | Melbourne versus St. h'ilda, which occupied tlir last three Saturdays, on the East Mell.xir®'! ground, the local team's first innings tol-illiwf 713, 1. have culled a few facts and figures on li"| subject of mammoth scores at cricket which doubtless prove extremely interesting to love the great national summer pastime. THE highest individual score ever achieved isl any match was Ji>5, made by A. K. Studdart 1"'| the Hamjistead Club against the Stoics ia Aiigii-!,! IbWi. THE highest individual score against odd.- obtained liy W. G. Grace, who liiaiie 400 (n»'. for the United South of linghmd KleV'-i Twenty-two of tjrimshy, in July, 1871). THU highest individual score iu a first-rl'^ uiateh was 31-1, made by \Y. G. Grace fn Mar.vlebone C.C. against Kent, at CnuterfwJl in August, 1S70. [M-icw.—These two performnnri piove conclusively that, in the months of July as® August in 1870 the renowned " Doctor" w the very zenith of his glory as a batsmau.' Tut: second highest individual score obtained ill a first-class match was W. \V. licrfj :s;is, for Surrey against Oxiovd Unive Keunington Oval in June, lsss. THE third highest individual score obtaiiii'Jij a first-class match was \V. L. Murdoch's mfU'l able SHI compiled on the Association Cri('t| Ground, Sydney, in the Intercolonial SlaU'liJ February, 1882. ! ii r fourth position was achieved by W. G. (,, :,:who scored 3JK (not out.) for Gloucester «•. V ; lit Cheltenham, also in August, 1M7IS. 'I'!," «'ng tlio highest score ewr obtained in a li! • ..-lass county match, though not the laigest- .• •!•• [lil.-it.ion in a county match, which was made |.v I'. E. Lacey (H23 not out),for Hampshire versus Nulolk. in May, 18S7. • JIONUBT Colonial " knights of the willow '' I'l.mk Lnver is easily first witli his recent total i,! •'•'>:! (not. out) ; next to him coming W, Bruce v 32K(not out) in the match Melbourne versus li - iiiini, on the, Melbourne ground, in 1884; «i, 1st. Bob M'Leod is "welly clo'" with 324 i l i.' ined last season on the M.C.G. iu the match Melbourne v. Essendon, when the Melbourne tM») readied 82«. PAI.KJNG about totals, (lie highest ever scored On .'lie innings) in any inatclu was !I20, secured ill the Orleans Olul), playing against the Kickling iii."ii Cluh, on the Kickling Green ground, ill March. 1KN7. Tim Melbourne Cricket Ground "takes tlie i "for highest total amongst." classic" grounds wit ii (lie K2N before mentioned (M.C.C. r.Kssendon I11.-1 year); bnta far more meritorious performance was the 803 (the highest total on record in 11 firstr]:ist: mate])) scored by the Non-Smokers against Smokers, on the East Melbourne Cricket <ii'"Uiid. 111 March, 1K77. '•VHKN Murdoch made his 321 against Victoria <.i." N'i'w South Wales innings cioFed for 77o. In I'.iighind the Jiigliest innings in a. first-class . oiiii st was70ii for uine wickets(innings declared cio.-eJ), made by Cambridge Univeisity against at Brighton, in June, ls!M). Tin; highest total ever obtained in England by an Australian team was till), made against Sussex nl Brighton, 111 May, 1KS2. I'I..U'INU against 'Wiltshire in August, IKSJS, Marylebono made 7:l~> — tlie highest total over achieved on Lord's Ground. Only nine wickets fell, one batsman having to retire hurt. TUB world's record of t he highest aggregate for a first-class match is 1411,registeied in the. Intercolonial Match between Ken- South Wales and VKiiwia, on the Association Ground, Sydney, in February, 1.S.S2. In this match Ken- South Wales ncif-sed 77.) runs in their first innings; W. L. Murdoch scoring 321, T. W. Garrett I Ii3, and S. 1'. .lonus 109. Victoria put together :ilo (G. E. Palmer, not out, 70) and 322 (T. lloran 1(32 and ,1. lllackham !lt>). THK highest aggregate for a first-class match in England is 1-1-02 made, in the Sussex r. Cambridge University fixture at Brighton on the lstli, I'.Uli and 20tb June, mil. Foil a succession of mammoth compilations Old Surrey stands pre-eminent, having recorded O0O, ni Kennington Oval, against Hampshire in May, ISSli; liH.'i against Somersetshire 111 August, LSSo; ti'i" against Oxford University at Kennington dial in June, 18HK ; and (KIN against Sussex (the highest recorded score in county cricket) iu A ugust, 1S88. Tu E greatest number of runs made in one day in a match of any importance was 043 for eight wickets, for Marvlebone against Rutlandshire, in IV-'i. '1 iijiiiK are only two batsmen of modern days who have made two separate hundreds in a firstclass match—W. G. Grace and G. Brann; but the Doctor has performed the, feat no less than three times during his career. The first occasion was at Canterbury a quarter of a century ago fin ISliS), when he scored, for the South of the Thames versus the North, 130 and 102 (not out). The second was at. Clifton in August, 1S87, when, for Gloucestershire against Kent, he made 101 and 10U (not out). The third "as also at Clifton in August, 188S, when, for Clonccstershire against Yorkshire, he scored 14-S and IS!). In tlie match between Sussex and Kent, at Brighton, on 22nd, 23rd and 2-ltli August last J ear, Mr. George Braim made 105 and 101. BARNES and Midwinter, tor Marylebone against Leicestershire, at Lotds in June, 1882, scored 4,-jJ urns together, Barnes making 200 and Midwinter I. 11 ". Barnes' 200 is credited with being the highest individual innings liit on Lord's Ground since Mr, Ward's 278 in 1S20. I nt: longest partnership on record in any match, however, was that of G. F. Vernon and A. H. Trevor for the Orleans Club against Riekling Green. These two batsmen put on <i05 runs for tin' second wicket; Trevor scoring 338 and Vernon iTiii. FI:ANK LA VIAT's score of ilo2 was made up of 2 lives. 4!) fours, 17 threes, l'J twos and ii? singles. TIIK contest between Carlton and University, 011 the ground of tlio latter, terminated on Saturday, with a win for Carlton on the first innings by 09 runs. The University skipper tried liis "darndest" to retire the Carltonians in tiicii- second innings; but the opposers were FM iuingly fuUy seized of the fact that under the cin nmstances " cool was the game," and so tliey miitcnted themselves with striving more after k'-eping up their wickets than attempting to force tiic score. When hostilities were resumed there irt'iv three of the disciples of Jftua Mater out in tin- second innings for 130; C. Alsop and Quirk l«-ing the not out men, the former with !)2 to his credit. He added 44) more on to this tally before iio was got rid of (clean bowled) by Roife; but Quirk was unfortunately run out for !). Alsop's display wa6 a highly meritorious 0110, and Sniped him as one of the most promising young batsmen at piesent in Victoria. B. M'l.ii.d did not trouble the scorers, being cauuht Ijy Watbng off his own bowling for "a Jiii k hut Green put together a very useful 27 prim to meeting the same late as Quirk (run out). Francis (fl) and Eobei-ts (12) were getting on V ( ' r .v nicely together, but with the University second innings at 237 (or an advantage of 1G8] 'heir captain declared the innings closed, and sent y tlie ( arltonians to the wickets. This v>as at ten s "miutea to four, and in uiy opinion should have c been done fully lialf-an-bour prior. Certainly at that particular time the University score was not so formidable (l„,v afterwards set their antagonists, but there was a devilish nasty calo of wind blowing about that time.and I fancy Ban M'Leod might have "rocked" tbein over like skittle-pius had he been civen a chance of fully utilising - rude Boreas." This railer was stiil blustering,though, when Warne and Anderson took possession of the creases.aud before Atkinson had time to "crack his egg" a bumpy one from " the M'Leod " spun oil' his hat into the hands of Johns in the slips, and remained there. Then Fox'and Warne entered into a partnership which put a healthier appearance on 1 he game (that's so far as Carlton were cmicerii-d), hi it 11 playing with extreme stcadiiu ss as. if awaiting with some anxiety for the hand.; of the dock to wobble round to the, mystic hour of half lifter six. Eventually, with his bcie at Hi. Warne favoured M'Leod with an opportunity ol! Atlinton which "Ban" lro7.e 011 to, and l'ullar (tlie hero of Carlton's first innings) and l'Vx became associated. Slowly but. surely the sole mounted up bet ween these two until Atkinson at length bent Fox. who had to retire with 24 opposite his uninp. Fred Holft; opened out by placing caiefully. but at length !•. leg " goog'ler" ironi Atkinson looked too tempting to lei oil', and so he let lly. with the result that the ball curled in a hit, lie missed it with his hat. hut touched it: with his pad, and had the "inexpressible delight" of hearing it tkyio^lle off into the wicket, w hilst, bis scoie was at zero. Waiting hit. upudoy.cn \cry nicely, tint 0:1 giving Johns 1111 opening he was a "shot bird." Atkiiu-oa being crcdi'ed with another wicket. It wa- evidently Johns' day out, as after compiling t:l l'ullar likewise fell a victim to his dexterity—this time off M'Leod. A If. Carlton and Harry Freeman weie "thehntoi the Carltonians" who were called upou to do batlle, and as it only wanted a few uiiumes of time tiu-y experienced 110 difficulty 111 proving to demnnsi ration that the ball cannot pn.-siblv get ihrtnojii the bat. and -dx w ickets of Carlton were down lor 101 iu tlie second innings when stumps were drawn ; Alf. Carlton bein^ t and Harry Freeman "hive.'' The University batsmen played up "old gooseberry" with the C.ii'lt.in b m lers'averages 111 the second innings. Alf. Carlton being the must successful trundler will. !(»M wickets tor til; followed by Watling with one for .12, then coming Ellis with one for and Kolfe one for :i!i. In Carlton's second innings Atkinson came out with tile line performance ot' four for 21 ; 1). M'Leod's two costing !!.). THKIK victory over University (tor t lie second time) ou Saturday makes Carlton nearly a certainty for the A Division next season ; and it must be admitted that 011 their performances they are •justly entitled to the proud prsition. hi all they have won six matches, defeating every other t j uui. and proving victorious twice over a team that, had likewise conquered every ot her— save Carlton. They have to meet Richmond and Williamslow'ii, and it is sincerely to bo trusted that both encounters may be fought, out in iheir integrity, and 110 false issues raided after a team has been jolly well beaten to chance defeat into victory, as Shakespeare says —" By bye-paths and indirect crooked ways." There's one thing to be said in Carlton's favour, l'lieir worthy secretary, Frank Mitchell, has displayed a deep sagacity in culling promising young player.-, from the ranks of the juniors—players who, if they once attain tlie premiership, will be very hard to shift out- of if, SuiMMOiioNKr: ! Shiiumoniouee! Shiimuomoiiee! Ikeybod! Ikeybod! Ikeybod ! And various other Hebraic ejaculations... Tell it not in Brun.-wiekstieet.! ,l'ublir,)i. it , not 'ill Collingwood Flat! Who would^believe the Tftpbi-t F And to whom halh,'the anus of Urny Bean>aud Jack Carlton been' XAjrualfdit'/ •^•hopi" !quotha, but the MarOous of ' You bilW about a Surprise Partj!'';. Well, if the Noi:th/Melbourne coveys didn't 1, 4"1gt'finftie^'urpriso on Johnny Worrall "-anti.' 'Co.,' '..'then am 1 a shotten herring. L;1W' love you, the previous Saturday when the stumps were drawn the game sto.id— Fitzroy—first innings, 224. North Melbourne— first inuiuus, lbS; second innings, seven wickets for 127, Anderson being 11 not out. Well. 011 Saturday, Anderson made 'A more, mid then Mitchell scouted him out. George Stnckey struck the main (7) and then he struck a snag through cocking a ball from Mitchell towards Moiling; Chrystal falling before the same bon ier (caught by Luuisdeu) after making .">; Hewlett being not out with 7, aud the sum total of the Northerners' second venture lot). Mitchell bad proved himself in rare good form with the hall, capturing three wickets for Ii); Worrall ably supplementing his exertions by scalping three for 21 ; Fox and M'lfirdy taking one each, for 30 and.33 respectively. Liic.r dt-n hail been particularly fortunate in "assists." he having secured no less than four "on the fly.' With ouly 4!- to get to win it looked the deadest of "dead cops'' for Fitzroy, especially when the two " Jonnnies —Worrall aud Orysdale—had put IK up on the boiwd without the loss of a wicket. But no sooner had this been done than Drysdnle was caught by Fox oil' 13. Bean for 4. and 2 runs afterwards Worrall was disposed of by jack Carlton (caught and bowled) for lo. Then ensued a " procession," Tom Leydin being " Foxed " out 08' E. Bean for "nought," whilst W. Hanuah also fell a victim to " Keynard " (oil' Carlton) for 3. Ambrose Tarrant was given a chance of tasting the "ambrosial nectar " supplied in the pavilion after he had scored a couple, " bowled Carlton " being the fate recorded against him. Lumsden stayed the " rot" for a brief period, and albeit he . pleaded hard in the words of WordexwiVtb to ,o Erney Bean, " Kind sir, 1 am but seven," the Shampain provider iu Tasmania proved a lloalpain administeier in Victoria by scattering bis timberyard inshtliter,and actually glorvingin the achieve- s ment. Ii. Mitchell came aud went, for a "cypher," e the combination, Harry Stuckey and Carlton, " being too much for his weak nerves. " Keep up p our wicket, whatever you do," roar the Fit/.roy w vjppovtovs to Ted Melling; and too well does he t arry outthcir instructions. But, alas, lie utilises s his leg instead of his bat. 011 one occasion.and the fiai of " leg before " notifies the fact that Bean is up against his " duck"-house. Jack M'Kirdy instils some hope into the hearts of the visitors bv making 3, but Ins time has come, George Stuckey supplvingthc happy despatch oil'Carlton; and with 1 run to "toi" and 2 to win A. Fox roliies for nixev, caught by Chrystal olf E Beau : Hastings lining not out with 3, and not a solitary sundry having been scored. Bean took five wickets for !> runs, whilst Carlton baggv.d a similar number for 27. Harry Maplestoiie was tried for three overs, sending down the IS balls for 2 maidens and 2 runs. TiiiiKK was very little interest- taken in the Melbourne <•. South Melbourne match, the lead obtained by the home team of 74 runs (2(i3 to 1S!I1 oil the first innings putting South Melbourne completely out. of court.. However, they took advantage of the jjood wicket provided to have a hit of batting practice, the consequence being that they knocked up 2'!2 runs for the los? of eight wickets during the afteineon. Of thi., number Harris (caught. Trunible, bowled R. M'Leod) was top wilh oil. Bowman (caught Truinhle, bowled C. M'Leod) vominsilwxt with 4<>, followed by " Sonny " Elms (bowled Wibon) 2!l. A. E. Troit tuot cut ) 2H, liains (caught Cotter, bowled Wilson) 2:1, Harry Trotl (nut out) 21 and N'oall (caught Uawkins, howled ('. M'Le. d 1 17. Wilson took three wickels b,r l'i; C. 31'l.eod two for 14; Bruce one for 12; 1!. M'Leod one tor 4."i, and Phillips one for Ht. Tim g-mii? between the second elevens of the above clubs, which too!; place 011 the South Melbourne ground,once in u-e exemplified the glorious uncertainty of cricket. South Melbourne bad a lead of 'iii ..11 the lii>t innings, hut on MclVionruentering on i.i'.eir second vent lire they whanged up 2 i'.i for ihe Joss of seven wicke',.--, aiid declared their innings closml. This left South Melbourne 171 to get, ro win : bur thev tailed miserably in the attempt., beiug all reared for lo'.i. Viggis was the principal d< slioying agent iu the second innings of the Soiv,heriiers. three wickets falling to- his share for liiruns; lint right through the tryst Barry Irwin bad done yeoinan service with the ball, no less than thirteen scalps adorning his heir, captured at the 1 xpense of 132 runs. B. M'llwraifh wasalso in evidence,four for 7'.l being his quota towards the general weal. TIUHT a iix as the IjawMiurii lads were in at the commencement of last: Saturday's play, they were " jauibed'' a wee bit more at the finish: although even yet it. would be prpinutuii! to nominate certain defeat for Eddy b'usli and Co. The other two wickets (O'Connor and Wallace) only allowed of II runs beingadded to the previous llaiiksburn tallv of eigl.t tor 04; Dickinson howling the " Dodgvr " for 3. whilst Kelly caught and howled the " Hi ro of Scotland " for ' "That wlrcii man loves more than life. Fears more than death or mortal strife; That which contented men require The poor possess -, the rich desire ; 'The miser spends; tile spendthrift s ives ; And all liK-.n carry to their graves.'' T1110 Richmond City bowling analysis showed that Kelly had secured five wickefs for IS runs. Dickinson foiu'for 2i>, and Over one for I."). This lelt. Richmond I'ity wir-h the substantial lead of .V.) runs on the first innings, and—thanks to Kelly—they were enabled to supplement this w-ith 147 more on their second attempt, albeit they lost their first two jnen before a run had been scored. But. it was then that Kelly came out in his true colours, and. batting in the most brilliant manlier, never gave the ghost of a chance until he was within ."> of the century, when he lifted a ball from O'Couuor towards Wallace, who tool; all sorts of good care that the catch didn't slip through his fiugcrs. (iiecu was the only other batsman to reach double figures; a " baker's dozen" being his contribution prior to O'Ur.idy catching him oil E. Rush. 'There was a marked degree of similarity between t lie results in the bowling of O'Connor and Rush, the former taking five wickets for 0.1, whilst- Rush secured four for 44; Taylor being credited with one for 21. The Hawksburn second innings has opened very inauspiciously — very inauspicioiisly indeed; tour wickets being doiYii for 24. Amongst these are O'Gradytwho carried his bat. 111 the first innings for 11) and Taylor (who compiled 20), the former scoring o and Taylor " the dreaded.'' Jones (.I) and Walton (41 are also numbered with the slain, the not out. men being O'Connor and Locket.t, with •> each. OF the four wickets, Dickinson was responsible for three for 13 runs. Kelly annexing the other for 4. Only six wickets tofali with 1N1 runs wanted to secure a victory is certainly "a bit of a toe-biter," even for the doughty Hawksburn : but although 1 do not expect, to see them compass it, I shall he quite prepared to find them make an extremely bold bid for it. And, as you all know, " Cricket's a Rummy Game ;" you can't always nominate to a oeitaiut.v how it's going to pau out. A Match is Never Lost Till It's Won. WHEN we Press Scribes mi' agreed, our Unanimity is Something Wonderful. All at once the vast .majority of us seem to have ivoke up—of a sudden like—to the fact. 1 hat " Dodger " O'Connor dodges one in now and again the same as Old Tommy Wills was wont to do in the good old days. * Dear ol.l T. S. W. was a past master in the art. If he got hold of an umpire that he thought he could play it on, he would say, "I wish you would watch my toe at the bowling crease when I deliver the next ball. I have a nasty knack of going over the line occasionally which I want to try aud break myself f, and I fancy t was a bit close that last ball. Kindly watch the next, if you please." Well, mw, 'who could withstand such a pleasantpeaking uiau as that ! J But. woe to the umpire if lie tried lo follow out the appeal. As sure as ver he set his eyes to watch Tommy's right toe Whang!" would go a "chuck" as from a catault. with usually the most deadly precision. It. as in vain for the unfortunate batsman to proest against the delivery; the umpire bndn't een it, and it w-as all right. Tommy got " liunnnuxed" fiver the transaction one day, however. Be. had meekly put. bis appeal to an umpire (a stranger), and relying oil its t-flicacy bad sent doivii one of his most vigorous " deiiiolishers." No sooner had the ball left his hand, ho„ever, than the stranger yelled out " No ball!" and though the batsuian's stumps.were shattered the run counted against Tommy's side. " Now, I kucw very well 1 didn't, go ovfer;the crease." remarked friend 'Tom some years after, alongside the old Argvlo ground, Geelong,-ae3ie was entertaining me with some of his experiences in the cricket field ; "hut I didn't ask him what lie no-balled me for, nor did I try the tame ' fake ' on ugain at his end." Mixn you, I don't for a momeut doubt but what O'Connor does " mix it. " at times. Quite a lot of bowlers do: "l'eggy" Donnelly amongst the rest. But what stuus me is how such a lot of Crickoiiiig Daniels have all at once risen in judgment Honest the " Dodger" Why is this thus Why were all the other poor innocents slaughtered by Hawksbuin during the present competition for the Boyle and Scott Cup allowed to be immolated, and never a word of protest rai.-ed uutil their victois were tneeUug Richmond City in the final '? Is it another exemplification of the •• Codling the friend—not Short" business 'i Upon my life it looks extremely like it. Tni iii: being some dillVrence of opinion as to how the various contests J or the Boyle mid Scot t Cup have resulted, 1 append the correct record of the trophy now piesei.t'd by the Victorian Cricketing and Sports Company :— Reason Wou by lt.!.ni.rt l!|-. )h7;i sr> issc-M tsst -si l*-' SI i-s-a s'l ^HSS " I iSHll 111 |S;U u-2 N. i I 1 . Filzroi .'-I-ul-r Q.u-euslirrn Nnrih I-Y ?.rnv N'ort'i Kit;-. o> Oruionii Oruiouii CoburR 1 S, M-tl.. ,!un s i Cii-llli-i , Nurtli Fi'zio. ' Nortb Kitzroy • Oi-iilQU'i t'olipai^n ; NnrlU Fiizroy ; Norlb Fi 1.1a . • Hriwbsburo Cqiulet ! 1T11 lien fun 1 S urO'll el l,] ill ; B >Mc. .)l l"i. S M-ll,.,lioi.. , I'H [Mil. I ; <) :,. ii In rri Hot Ul Hill U'o ; O motiii : Oi nioufl I N'nrth KJIzrov • Sortb l-'iuro'y J Hflivkeliuru Ciqinlpt I HHW kRlinrn THAT'S a rich joke of Major Ben W.'s — dressing Jem Phillips u]i in 1 he " regimentals," and having it. inserted in this week's tijiftrtsiiiini as his own portrait. THK Association Regatta on Saturday afternoon was the big success predicted. The change of weather came just ill time to keep oarsmen cool for the important heats, and spectators had only half-au-liour or so to grumble. The racing was extra good, many of the iiuishes being so close that, people not exactly on the finishing liue had to watch the, judge's tl'igs to discover who won. The coutnry clubs showed up prominently, though they succeeded only once in winningstraight out. The Maiden Eights began at one o'clock, and Richmond came through the necessary four beats and scored the final win. Yarra Yarra pushed the winners for half-a-uiile, but the strength and stamina of the previous Saturday's runners-up pro red too good. Melbourne aud Mercantile Eights rowed a dead heat in their race, and almost made another tie in the row-off. The Maiden Four was captured by Ballarat after 11 good tussle iu the final with Ballarat City. The Maiden Sculls went to Thomson, of Eoseudon. Henderson, of Albert- Park, came 111 ahead of 'Thomson in their heat, but was disqualified for running into bis opponent-. This was extra hard luck, for had r.ot the foul taken place the Lake sculler must have won. The final heat in the Maiden Sculls was one of the best races of the day, liambleton, of the Civil Service, making ail astonishing Spurt 11 few hundred yards from home, and getting within two feet of the winner by the time the pistol fired. The Maiden Pair was won by the Civil Service, aud the Maiden Fours, in gigs, by Hawthorn. 'The Junior Pair went to the Electric Telegraph, as did aI.-,o the Senior Sculls, Fitzgerald wandering away from his rivals in bis usual fashion. The Senior Pair was one of the 2>ret1 iest races of the day, owing to the fine form shown in each boat. The final between the Yarra Yarra and Albert Park was a keen tussle for about half-a-inile, ivhen the Lake Jmen, Powell and Slorris, drew ahead and won easily. The Junior Eight WHS well worth including in the programme, as it produced some first-class racing. Melbourne beat Wcndouree by a quarter of a length in the first heat, but went dowu before the Mercantile in the filial. The wins were very evenly distributed among the. (dubs, the Electric Telegraph beuig the only winners of two events, ivbile Richmond, Ballarat, Essendon, Civil Service. Albert Park, Mercantile and Hawthorn each secured one victory. The management of the regatta was about as good as human agency could make it. The starting was effected with wonderful promptness considering the number of entries, and the judgiug gave rise to no serious disputes. The only improvement 1 can think of would be to have larger fiags displayed by the judge to announce winners. 'The llags used were not seen from any distance up tile river, and one had to travel a long way sometimes to learn results. The new enclosure was a great improvement upon previous years, and the comfort of the spectators was well looked after THL rowing meu are usually a sportsmanlike lot 1 . Ou -Saturday the Albert Park Maideu Eight was late at leaving the shells and finally rowed to the starting line a mail short. Unluckily, the crew bad to row iu the second heat, and their chances looked very blue. But they were drawn against the Banks eight, and the stroke of the latter generously offered to wait as long as the starter would allow. The missing mail arrived in time to take his place after a short delay, the crews started and the Banks were beaten. But the losers at least have the consolation ofknowing that it's such acts as this that make rowing a decent and manly sport. To liVHICOlIK W'KAKNKSS. IVlvl-ri Qilinin'- lo-i l|-> •tunic civo- npir Life. Apia-liuv, Heillli. ^reio.' ll -mi Rnir/ ; cnrix Nrri-. up It- ititi .Vrtirievin H nli'-cr i»m < oLt!< ^ I Vi'iyw liert. Jlj-ift 01. I-kvihh IM CUi't 