CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Christian Convention was continued in the Carrondown Baptist Church on Tuesday, there being good attendances. In the after-<*> noon session a praise and prayer set vice was led by Mr. Wm. Burford, and a conference on' "Abiding in Christ" followed. Mr. .H. D.l Smith, who Dreaded, spoke on "WLat it, means,"-the Rev. Dr. Porter on "Essential, ho fruiifulness." and the Rev. J. Nancarrow on, "Why should we abide in Him.'* At fciej evening eession a conference took plaoe on] "The working of the Holy Spirit through the! believer," Dr. Porterpresiding. Addresses were given by the Chairman on "Power for servioe promised," by the Rev. T. J. Gore on "Wait until you get the power," by the Rev. W. Bell on "The promise fulfilled," and by Mr. G. H. Cargeeg on "The results of the bestowed power. 1* _ On Sunday evening a song service was held in the T^pmnnfcTMh Town Hall in connection with the local Y.M.G.A., when there was ? Rood attendance. Three choruses were given fay % tae choir under the direction of Mr. T. Alvee, [and three hymns were sung. Mr. H. D. Smith presided, and gave suitable connec tive addresses. Miss Dinnis was the pianist. On Monday a Christian Convention was commenced at the Garrondown Baptist Church when thai was a good attendance. The ser vices "am intended to create, by the Divine hi«mring, a deeper acquaintance with the truth Qonoeroing the Divine indwelling as the souroe of the Christian's Btrength for life and for ser vioa." A prayer and praise meeting opened tfae afternoon session which i«?fa?d from 2 till 3by the Rev. J. Nancarrow. At S rfdook the Sev. S. Mead took the chair and gave an address on "The Holy Spirit—His person •lity." The Rev. R. M. Hunter spoke on "Theindwellingaf the spirit—Christians the temples of the Holy Ghost f the Rev. P. C. {Thomas on "The witness of the Spirit— Christian assuranoe f and Dr. Porter on "The leading of the Spirit in practical Christian living.* Dr. Porter took the chair at thai evening session and spoke on "The?eahmrof \ the Spirit in the believer : u the Rev. G. Hogben j km " The liberty of the Spirit ;"V*nd the Rev. J. Nanoarrow on "The naenon of the Holy One and the aoirit fli-nraJrue?sioQ." Mr. W. H. Jude lectured at Clayton Churoh on Tuesday- evening in aid of the liquidation of the church debt, on the "Psalm of life."' There was a good attendance, and the address was illustrated by several musical OlustraiionSrf \- In connection with the I*y Readers' Asso- i ciation and the Churoh of England Sunday Mbool Union, the Rev. W. & Milne, 8.D., gave a lecture a* the Churoh Office on Toes-, day evening on "Preebyterianiam." The?ev. C. S. Homabrook presided over a moderate attendance. Mr. Milne oommented on the differences between Episcopal and Presby terian forms of churoh government, and con tended that the former was clearly the govern ment of the primitive church. This the Church lof England maintained against the papal I theory of Korean Catholics, the class system of the Presbyterians, and the Congregational ideas of the Independents and others. He .sketched the chief characteristics of Preabyte rianism and distinguished between its teach ing and that of the English Churoh. As to the General Assembly he pointed out that Churchmen might learn something from what must be acknowledged to be a methodical and excellent system of churoh government. It was true that there was an annual synod, but it would never be able to do its duty ' efficiently till it was assisted by its subordi nate courts, vestries, rurideaoonal chapters, and arohdeaconal visitations. IfJ these were to fulfil the functions discharged by the kirk sessions, presbyteries, and provincials synods then it might be hoped that the annual synod would be productive of more good. Ii they did not believe that Episcopacy was essential to the life of the church they might well say that no better system of church government could be desired than PreebyterUnism. Bat it was not for them to invent systems when Christ him self had furnished his churoh with an order of jninisten. At the instance of Mr. P. Martin. seconded by Mr. J. H. Packard, Mr. Krn™. was cordially thanked for his lecture. The aanivenary services in connection with the Rose Park Congregational Sunday-sohool were continued on Tuesday, when a tea meet* ing and a service of song entitled "Nell" was rendered. There was a fair attendance. The annual report was read by the secretary (Mr. W. Barlow), which stated •hat there ware 247 sohoiars attending the Sunday-school and 22 teachers, the average attendance of scholars being 188 and of the teaohera 17. He also stated that an effort was being made to ereot a new olaa room for the infants, which was greatly needed, the juniors numbering 80, and so far S6O has been raised. The receipts far the year were S5O, exclusive of the £80 above mentioned. The service of _ aong was successfully carried oat by a trained choir under the condnctorship of the Rot. W. P. Jones, the connective read ings being given by Mr. H. Savage. Solos were rendered by Messrs. W. Barlow, E. Tyson, and H. G. Hallack, and the Miami M. Barlow and E. Brown. Miss Barlow presided attheotsan. 