TILE MIIEIL'S LEG.CIU. "Ilie' comel, Ir. IHerman," "Come? Come at last? Are you sure '.: it, Joe ?" "Sure os taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his Iead. "lIe's taken that old house-the Ifaunted Iousu, theneigh. hors call it-and lie's moved into it, bag and bagnago, which ain't muoc, by the way." SAlny serants withll him, Joe I" "Only one-a crooked old woman-as threw a porringer of hot water over me when I came round to nx if I counld be of any use. If they only owned a black cnt I'd have the whole kitnnd boodleof'em op for witchernft. I never did come across such a rum lot In all cy life." " Did yon soo the old man yourself, ,Joo I" "Sec him, Mr. IlHerman 1 L see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a pasln.leaf patterned dressing gown andl a Ilannel nlght-cap on his enad, andt I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old custoners going. lIe was a rounnlo' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." "That will do Joe, Here isahalf.a.erown for yon." iTlannk'cee, sir. Much obliged to you, sair." And the stable boy, who belonged tothe inn, shnmbled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Hlerman Iranklyn lenned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. Ro old Miner Molioneax had arrived at last -tho rich and eccentric relative--on the re. version of whose fortuoe.,renl orcsuplnosed, ho linad all his life been buildino nilrilO castles. At last--nnd IHerman resolved the very next day to call nr.d pay llis respects, lthough the old woman with thl hot water did not add to tlhe delighlts of contemplating this vilit. "If I hadln't heard.fremt hlis lawyer that lie had taken a leansu of the Stone leouse," mused Mr. Franklyn,' "I certainly never should Ilave buried myself in this oot.of.way place nwaitlng hiis adlveont.; and if I hadn't thlonght I could work into his good graces I never shlold'have inken the trouble to Ihnt hiin up. Ileighol Sometilnmes I think it cwould be oeasier to work for money than to inherit It." And so the next day Mr. lranklyn :calledl Miner Molinenux received him very coolly, sitting nlneog his treasures, like Marius Anlhl the ruins of Carthalne. Ilot Franklyn noticed that he kept one halnd on the ring of a padllocked Iron box beside hinlm os he talked. ', Well, young man, andl what do youo want?" Ihensked, hinlatlently, when the old woman, who evoicntly conshlered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water trentcleit, showed hlim In. "So Inquire after your health, Cousin Mier," said tile young man smonthly. " iumplh I My health Is well enough? ]oetter thnn nu wisll it, I dare say." "My cnear ir--" " ult it will make no differenceo to you," acidly went on the old mati, still nervousoly lngering the rings of time iron box. "I don t dewiy that I have a treasure to leave behiond me- " Iferman Franklyn's eyes glisltened. " But it will be to those who consult nmy wishes more than you have done." ".llut, my dear cousin--" " Words are oil very well," said tlhe old miser, shlruguing llis slhnelers," but deeds sipeak the loudest. You knew very well mily aversion to montrimony-and yet you go nnd engane yourmelf to get married to a girl who hlasn't n penny. Eh' Illon't you?" in a rising inlletUoln like a bark. "And then, anrer coolly disregarding all my wishes, yon expect me to leave you this-this" tapping, as he spoke, on0 the lid of tile box. " lit, Conllin Milner, If ylo wish me, I will cerlinoly adapt omyself to your opinions. I did cot knew tlot - ." " Stifft nod nonesenoe I" yelled tlheolold mat " hat youll know or didn'tknow is perfectly imomoterirl to mo. Leaove men to mny ooks "' writin. Tort's all I anok of an, So Mr. Franklyn want tnoodily away. !' I must break mly engagement," alnid l to himself. "That's the tlrst thing. What thle secood.will be. depends.oentirely on ?ltuetud fortune." Joso 1i":1 was tiltaing In the farntlhouse kitchn, peeling plot.toues. Sine was a black. eyed, datnask.eleekcd girl, with velvety eye. bnrows, rnd a round, red dlol of a mouth;l and in thosoe ark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half nnanuil, os he looked straight at Ilerman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you wacnt to break lon engageoment, Now that your rich uncl has come to tihe neighborhood I om no lonoger wrrthy cf yon. l.I1t isn't that, osile, believe me,' said Franklyn, twistnlg Ilimlself abont, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek, "litt I think perhaps it would be beltter for both of us--" " And Il haven't the least doubt of it," pas sloDntoly Interrulpted Josle, with heaving breast and qllivering lips. " A thousand times better; for vcalue the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring ip anly fartlher excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And slo went on peeling her potatoes, while lHerman Frnnklyn creit out of the Ihouse, feeling very like a whipped cur, For a dny or two he felt heartily oshanoed of llimself, but tihe reward-as at least he esteemed it-came at Inst. Mr. MinerMolinensx fell Ill, ]loingill, he was frightened. DIlinog frightened he was solitary. Anl consequently he sent for hIis cosin ,Franklyn, n'thing oe never would have done in healtlh. " You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Hlermasn 1 " he nsked, I remnloulsly. "Oil, there'sno danger at all," reassured lthe young nann, as the loelor hadl tllat morn. said that thue patient's splrts must be kept up at all hazards. "And you wnn't leave meo?" "C0'rtninly not, if moy presenco can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the do. lighted fortune-seeker. "But that girl that you're engaged to," grombled Mr, Molitenx ; "she won't like " Do you think that I conuld persist In any thling contrary to your wishes?" reproach folly asked Hlermlnn Franklyn. "Theu eon gagenlent is broken." SCoood I" croaked the ohl man. "cEngage. nentso aren a humbug, In any event. Engage. mctnts to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin lFrauklyn, you've morn senso than I gae yoi croledit for." Dayby my Miner Molinonux grow worse. On tlh forti afteornoon Ie sent for a lawyer and edle hlts will. On lothe fiftI he became speellless. On the slxtll e died. "My fortueo is nmade ntow," tlloughit Ier. mnb, whlo Ilad listened at lothe door cldurlg thie interveow with thie lwyer, and lheard dli. rections given connecthlg Ills 0ln0o with thlo Ipadlocked Iron box, whlcreof thle key hung aroeund tile dend man's neck. And hoe Iclt that .fobfu had beeln well anerlflcedl. " ora wcn' at nt tl illneral, c117'" snla hIrts. Pl'erec to Inhe WIhIlw Hall, while Jositu's neldle Ilucl faste over th vthroughl th crn.m briu ahlo cles heonliing. "W\cell, 1o," saidl tllo wciol, "1 niln't partlal to fcunerals in general, andl I liln't feel no lpeclial cnll to IN1t myself oot to see an old Iniser buried, thant I aerer saw nor spoke to while hu was alive," "'A nman can't be a miser without hlo' got loer, cnan hIce?" saill Mrs. Plorco. "ldIIon't rightly' kno ahbout tLhnt," saul Wildow Iell. hout you donl't mean to say that old Mlolmnutu hdn't alcythlng aIftor all 1" i Notlictu bhot a low stiehe of fIcrnoltcre, ad soillo rusty coloosns ano decent store. hen woeotl giee chntge focr.'0 hi wlows cyes ashuneot through her spec. toeln glosesa, "Landl o' mnssy I" anid shle, " And whot eas is tlhe iron nx nas overybody had so mouth to say nbhut-the bothu box as wao willed to Ilerlnua lrnnklyn. iJunst lthe shocls of ue cer us lhel a dialetln. nry tie old man lhaid nen writing all his olays. Manscrillto the lawryer cnlled It, wlnaturevr that 00y 00 4. lie though it t wan worthl deal of mcunley, nan le'bd speolt Ills pll I nnthlg cop bhpks moo ttobedl uolohmsoj(f everh lonsl f, no l travelh g ajoiit the country to pick hf1 lormatlion, Ullump I" said thu Widow lHall. Ant haj 114 ururZ'.-w raw ZOO" *' I didn't sit near enough to him to rightly bear," said hIrs' Pierce, *- but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung the whole bondle on the back of the fire. I saw it blaze up myself.' "And was that all I" asked the Widow Iall. "That was all," responded he.r Informant. "I am glad of itl" cried outdoiJ e, spring. Ing uip with s arkling eyes. " 1 never wasso glact of anything in all my life. lie's scrved riesbt for once."' "Mr. Flranklyn called the next day, meek and subdued. If Josle had been u motdel heroine shoe wosld hIave thrown both her arms around his neck and rowed that shc loved him better than ever. Bat she wan only a very hunman little girl, so she stoot:up with dignity and said: " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, aftlr all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn." " But. Josiec -" "There i tho door, slr" said Josie, "Please to walk out 't Ansd there was nothing left for it but tc * walk nuot." O!d Miner hMolinenux sleeps quielly in the villtnew grcave. yrd, and plulite rumr Ins added yet another ghost to the spectral popl lltion of tiho haunted loose-a yellow.vis. aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carries in his hand a padlocked box. 