A GREAT BATTLE At tho National Sporting Club. \- STANTON ABBOTT WHIPS SAM ' BAXTER In IS Sounds. Amidst ohooring loud enough to have raised any ordinary roof, aud a waving of hats nnd handkerchiefs calculated to put out uuytuing but olectrio light, Sum Baxtor, onoo tho ohiof ntar iuthaflstia flrnminunt, had, on January' 23, to strike his flag to Stanton Abbott. Tho contest was decided, it ia almost needless to aay, at tho National Sportinir Club, whiah whs packed iu a manner that reminded one foroibly of tho eceno on the night of the battle of tho giants, Jackson and Slavin. Baxter was a warm favorite, but during a strugglo which extended well -into the eighteenth round ho hardly onco flattered his friends, nnd finally ho held out bin hand and left tho field to his victorious rival. Tho match undor notico was too outcomo of tho fiasco that occurred at tho National Sport ing Club on Monday, October 10 lant, when Austin Oibbcms, of America, through llluoss, had to forfeit to Abbott. Jiathor than dis appoint tho 800 or 000 members who had attended iu tho expootntion of seeing tho International contost, Mr. John Fleming, aftur considerable .trouble, socured the nor vices of Sain fiaxtor, who conaonlod to box Abbott ton rounds for a purso of .£100. Baxter, of cour-o, wnB out of condition, but he irot a well deserved verdict at the end of a vory iiuo spar. The result did not add to the reputation of Abbott, a man who should havo been iu the pink of condi tion, but the following day tho losor was responsible for the publication of a paragraph to the effect that bo had 'gone out of train ing ' directly Gibbous, iu the afternoon, with drew from tho contest. Tliore is no doubt, in fact it is on record, that Stanton did lower a fairly good quantity of the 'sparkling' bo foro lie opposed Baxtor, nnd Inking this into account, and also that Baxter wus returned tho winner, the other man was the stronger of th-t two at the fluinh. When Baxtor, on his rotutn from Anstrnlia, defeated Joe Wilson, of Loicoster, considered at the time to be the Champion of England at 'Jut Sib. ho at onoo ox pressed a wish to box Abbott. Tho latter had, however, sigued to meet Gibbons, tborcforo it wns arranged that Sam should hare a cut ut tho winnor. Tho puttinc together of Abbott and Baxter ou tho night of Gibbons' dofection was by many looked upon as a bad stroko of polioy, but bonring in mind that while tho younger man was going tba strongest at the finish, and that Baxtor was suffering from lack of condition, there ap peared good roason for an ovon battle with both fit and well. Gibbons Wns still in tho field for a fight at 9sl Sib, but the Futtersou boy failing to find a customer sailed for homo, and a match butwuen Abbott and Baxter wns accordingly ratified, tho articles stipulating that neither mnn must exceed 'tet Gib when weighing at 8- o'clock on tho night of tho combat. Both men are first-class performers at their weight, and Baxtor was a Jew years back un doubtedly nt the top of the profession at 'Jit 41b. Howovor, by the royorses ho suffered iu Australia, he lost caste considerably, nnd it was thought thnt his form had somewhat deteriorated. Aftor uovcral preliminary bouts of the willing order Mr. John Fleming an nounced the contest of tbe evening, and sit ten minutes past eleven, Abbott, ulad iu a sweater, entered tbo ring with his seconds, Barney Sheppard and Georga Swanney. Baxter was not fur behind his rival, but tho crowd was so big that for some time Sam could not Ret near the ring. At last lio managed to duck iuside tho ropes. Baxtor had for his secohds his brothors Keubim and William, notwith standing the garbled roport published recently about a split in tho oubiuot between Sam and Kuo'oo. Mr. Fleming briefly announced tho nature of tho contest, and wound up by announcing that next month overy show will commoiico at 9.S0 sharp. This was hailed with dolipht by tlio spectators, who thon settled down in tbeir places. Tho referee. Mr. 3. J. Anglo, took his seat, and crossing his logs, ho coat a glanco at Tom Audorson's watch. All being ready, tho latter imva tho word, and the men leaving their scats throw themselves into position. ' Who's going to win ?' was the (inflation that had been asked on all sides, aud though Abbott's friends asked for 2 to 1, thoy found no littlo diflioulty in gotting 7 to 4, this being tho prioo obtainable at the fall of tho flag, or rather the cnll of timo. Baxter, as usual, sparred in long flannel trousers and canvaH shoos, whilst Abbott sported light blue drawers and black laco-np boots. Sam looked psilo and Stanton ruddy, a different young man entirely from tlio 'Barney's Ghost' of threo years back. Harking buck, we should flay that tho men did not scale until 8 o'clock. Abbott .¥05 tho first to weigh, and with nothing but a thin jersey ho went oxnotly Oat 41b. In his drawers nnd socks Baxter was a pound more. Consequently thoro was hardly an ounce betwoon tho two. As regards height nnd reach, tho advantage v/r.3 with Baxter, but Abbott looked the beat trained man. Ono could have hoard a pin drop at the two waved iu and out for an open ing. Men of high degree, oity men, West 'find men, aud inembem from tho country twirlod their moustnohios and followed with tho greatest interest every movemout of tho pnir in the now historical ring. Tho opening round was devoted to ' study ing tactics.' Each man tried to draw tho other without avail, and when the interval for n rest arrived tho spectators gavo vent to their pent-up oxcitomeut, aud freely discussed the chances of the boxors. It was rumored tbut Abbott intended to force the pace nnd fight his man down. Ho certainly cut out tho work, but Baxter was vory cool and onUe?tad, and many of tho Westminster mau's leads fell short. Still, ho was invariably tho aggressor, ami thought not much daungo had bcui done the points were all in favor of Abbott whou hnlf-a-dozon rounds had passed. Tho tonth v?as hot— v.-o might safely say eultry. In a clinch Abbott did not break away soon enough to. please his rival, und Baxter losing his head slashed away with bo- h hands for all he was worth. Abbott slipped and sqviirinod about tV.o ring, and though Sam landed ouco or twico ho never managed to reach tho right spot. In the lust half-minute Baxter got terribly wild and raguod ; iu faot, he lookod ?very much likt fighting himself to a standstill. From thia point Abbott wns scon to eon uidcrablo advantajfo. Baxtor's exertions in tho previous bout left him weak, and ho wns blowing freely as tho men again faced each other. His flushed appearance, too, s'uowod the marks of Abbott's handiwork, ni though Stanton always showed a due rogard for tho other man's right ho war, moro prolific in his work than the Kust Knder. In the fourteenth round Abbott begun to take liboitica. He not ouly crept oloso in, but remained there, and treated with contempt tho othur man's efforts to (set the right across. Gradually Baxtar woakonod, yet whou tho men stood up for the last round it looked good odds on tho affair going its nllottod length. Beforo a minute had expired Abbott dug his left glovo fairly on the mark, and Baxter, who waa blowing freely at the time, dvoppod his hands and sunk to tho floor. Here he remained for nearly ton seconds. Then rising, he rosuinod .the content, but Abbott repented the dose, and throwing in two or throe thumps on tho h«ad he «oun had Sam at hij meroy. Baxtor made an effort to turn tho tido, but it waa of no avail, and roocivinir another reminder down below ha turned away and hold oub his hand Id token of defeat. Abbott novor fought better in his life, and no good sportsman will be grudge him a well-caruod win, which again placc3 tlio Westminster boy ahead of all our men at the weighht. . He was not only quicker and cleverer than his oppouuut, but when It came to thumping, horo alto Baxter had tbo worst of it. Baxter's frionda wero always waiting for something to happen, the something boine Sam'a right hand. Early iu the contest it was seen, howovcr, that Abbott was not to be caught napping. Always a difficult man to land on, Stanton proved moro ilippery than ovor, amd after sovoral fruitlt-33 atttmpts to reach the ' point,' Baxtor appareutly lost heart. In tho last four rounds he went very weak, nnd tho expression that crossed his faco now and iigaiu told plainly of tho distroe ho was in. Throughout ho waa blow both on his logs and with tho gloves, nnd n- a f»ct bin form was pounds bolow what ho ahowod with Wilaon. Ono of Baiter's closed frionda assure-! our roprosontativp that Ham had not beon himself for c fortnight. Thero may bo truth iu thin a:nl also in the romark madn by another that Baxter wants no training, but 9|-hU best ' rff the imil.'— London Sports vxv. 