OUR PRODUCE INDUSTRY. MR. JOHN SCHOFIELD'S FARM. A MAGNIFICENT TESTIMONY TO THE PROLIFICACY OF NATURE AND THE ENERGY OF THE FARMER. THE REWARD OF SKILL AND ENTERPRISE. HOW TO SOW LUCERNE. TEN POUNDS TO THE ACRE. POTATOES TEN TONS TO THE ACRE. FIFTEEN FEET OF RICH SOIL. CORN AVERAGING GO BUSHELS. JUMBO PUMPKINS A WONDERFUL WALL OF QUINCES. THE HOMESTEAD ON THE ROAD. THE PRIZE ' BERKSHIRES.' MR. G. TOOBBY, OPPOSITE. It must have been of men of 'th'e John Schofield stamp that Goldsmith -thought when, mourning the depopulation of' his native village, he sang, much bb under, — Princes or lords may flourish or uiay fade, A. breath can make thorn as a breath hns made. Hilt a bold yeomanry, a country's prldo, When once destroyed can never be supplied. .And here, in N. S. Wales the poet has equal room, not for regretting its decline, hut for lamenting that the class that is to be the very bulwarks of the race has never yet been suffi ciently encouraged oradequately represented. True, we 1 boast a; few of those sturdy ones whose hands are used to developing a soil so rich that its pregnaDcy, even under a crude' effort of cultivation, is the equal of territory in many lands operated on . in the most scientific method ; but, unfortunately, we want not a few but a many, not a hand ful of bees on the one hand and an armful of drones on the other, but a majority of the population employed as producers and with the encouragement which would be their due. In Peel we have, as our first article of the present series explained , a vineyard which was only the other day described by Mr. Edwin Suttor, a brother of . the late Hon. W. H. Suttor, as one 'surpassing the most favorable imaginings ;' and also in the same district wo Bathui'Btians are able to boast, as our present brief article will endeavor to ? show, a property that may fairly be termed one of the' leading farms, for its area in the colony. And this is the result of the inde fatigable labors of the sturdy gentleman mentioned. Owning and tenanting in all 2000 acres, Mr.' Schofield has, in the very lap as it were of Peel, A HUNDRED ACRE FARM, it were simply impossible to surpass any where in the west. This was pretty well common opinion even before our representa ti .-e visited it,' or publication given to its many excellences ; and now it is to be hoped that its value will be even more appreciated, and as a result of the lesson conveyed a greater love for farming pursuits implanted in the hearts of the healthy young city drones whose idleness is in many cases due to a censurable craving for life in over populated centres. On either side of the Peel road Schofield's farm stretches out in all its richness across the flats of Clear i Greek, once the name of a comparatively; important goldfield ; and along the boundary nearest Bathurst ripples that course, a never-failing supply to the crops grown on its banks, which, periodically, are still further enriched by tho deposits of tropical overflows. Corn, in parts high as twelve and fifteen feet, waves its tops over, twenty acres of this land ; on a smaller area oats grow to a height that may be guaged when it is mentioned that the heads have, in some instances reached to the phenomenal length of two feet, and to an extent of ten acres a month's growth of lucerne, now two feet high and ready for cutting, arrests the at tention of the admiring visitor, with its in tense green picked out by the delicate purp lish flower, the sign that it has attained to ripeness. . 'You may well admire that crop,' ex claims Mr. Schofield, whose volubility is the evidcnce.of his enthusiasm; '(and now tell me how much seed you think' I put in to get that crop. You observe the oloBeness ; and I have told you that iwhat lyou see is but a month's growth, and that I intend to 'cut it to- morrow. So now tell me how much seed you think I used; to produce it — the fourth crop ? ' ? ?' I suppose twenty pounds.' ' ' Just half of it 1 All that I have put in there, sir, is . - ? . ' ' s TEN rOUNDS TO THE ACRE and the result is as you see, just about- as perfect as it could be made.' It is the sarre with all Mr. Schofield's work — he wastes nothing, and being an ex: pert, he knows just how much to sow, and what his ground will carry, and better than all what to put in, and when. For evidence of this, take his turnip and potato crop,- -To see the first you would at once say, ' They're too far apart, John,' but the leading farmer of Peel will knock that contention on the head by proving to you, beyond the faintest chance of dispute that hia turnip crop, small though it may appear judged by the tops, will go twenty tons to the acre. Of course you are astonished, hut as everything that is shown you afterwards is of the same eye- opening description, you feel that it is just as well to let fancyjplay its own part at will, and at once, and you rest on your guide' for the information he is only too ready to. afford you. From the turnip-field lie will lead you to the potato patch, and such a; patch 1 — no man would need one on his un mentionables, if every map had such a valu able asset to fall back upon for new ones — and here is found the truth ? of- Jay Gould's assertion — ' I never yet knew an industrious man to fail without there was something be hind it.' In Mr. Schofield's case, there, is nothing ' behind it,' and so his industry turns into sovereigns in his good right hand, and deservedly . He has a field of potatoes that our representative never before saw the equal of — potatoes weighing from one to two pounds, and going to as much as EIGHT TONS TO THE ACRE, and averaging six and a half. It is a truly wonderful field, covering what would be': a year's income to some young men, a field that was ploughed and planted and 'hanked' in the one operation, — potatoes that are known as ''redskin snow-flake,' and which are, as everyone ought to-be aware, the best in the market. - ' It means work though,' says Mr. Scho field, ' uncenBirig. work, for the crop' as you may see, is ns clean as it can be got, and the soil is as loose through tho skilful way in which it has been treated as it is rich naturally ; and which is saying much.' And then, to explain the vastness of the lab, or referred to, attention is directed to an immense plough, by which, with the assist ance of three sturdy horses, Mr. .Schofield tears up, -and turns, and purifies'the earth to a depth of a foot and more. And apropos of this that, gentleman, explains that- lie tho roughly scarifies the soil before lie uses it, and takes not too much advantage of tho quality of. the field ho occupies, and which possesses, as an inspection from the bed of the creek will at once Show, a surface of fully FIFTEEN FEET OF 'SOIL. But this only further illustrates what has already been said — our leading Peel farmer is the personification of ' go,' and hence on the estate he occupies, things go well. An important section of this great pro perty is an area of twenty acres under corn — corn so high that a regiment of soldiers could pass .between the 'linos and never bo noticed, ' The' crops grow out' of a soil of .almost Inky blackness and spread from a perfect wall of quince trees, that scent the whole locality with their golden fruit, to the foot of the most beautiful building site that ever nature formed, and on which there now remains, the last evidence of ' Beverley Park House,' , tho avenue to which would appear to have been between two lines of -the wonderful quince trees mentioned. From this growth of endless possibilities in the way of jamand jelly making to the old house site, the corn rises to a height of perhaps thir teen feet, the stalks being as thick as a woman's wrist, with cobs eighteen, and twenty four inches long1 and ten inches with ' the covering' — amateur's definition round tho thickest part. This com will go SIXTY BUSHELS TO THE ACRE and is healthy throughout, and at the foot of the stalks, in some avenues en tirely obscuring the ground, is a vast growth of the pompion tribe, the fresh gTeen leaves which overlap each other like those of the water lily. . And run ning in and between the corn this luxuriant cultivation extends to the quinces, and there climbs up eight and ten feet, small green pumpkins hanging down with the yel low offspring of the trees, stalks and ten drils interlacing in delightful fashion with the leaf-clad houghs drooping with their fruit. It is a sight worth seeing, at once pleasing to the agriculturist and to the artiBt with only the one object of admiring the beautiful. Some of the pumpkins grown here go to so great a weight as to defy the best efforts of a single strong man to lift them, and these Mr. Schofield uses as cattle-feed ; whilst table pumpkins of every kind known peep out between their leaves in size more modest. At the end of the com field, sown all along one boundary, is a line of maugel wurzels, usedjfor feeding cows and pigs, and the value of these may be judged from the fact that, one of them given a cow will en able her to produce a bucket of milk the next morning, 'and of the richest kind. THE PRETTY LITTLE HOMESTEAD that stands in the midst of this beautiful property, facing the Peel road, is character istic of the proprietor, unpretentious and yet the abode of hospitality itself ; and in this the visitor is not allowed to owe all his thanks to Mr. Schofield, hut is forced, to recognise in his charming wife and equally charming daughters, kind and attentivo hostesses, whose hearts are as warm' as their efforts to make the stranger feel at home are unceasing. There are the usual associations attached to the homestead, but chief of all, and at a fair distance from the dwelling, are the sties occupied by a breed of pigs justly held to be the best of the kind in the West ern district. Here the humorist who wrote of roast, and boiled, and fried, und grilled, might remember his oft quoted lines : — , 'jWlint's pallid veal tlio ghost of beef, .. ? ? Colli mnfcton, source of nil our grief, , When here wo liavo that luscious pork, Wo love from Nnukin to New York.' And it will delight. Kept as cleanly as any other animals, there ijare quite a number of these Berkshire families,; from ' suckers' up ; from squealers to grunt ers ; tiny fellows to one, the prize boar of the West, and which a butcher only requires to see to go in raptures over. This father of his race is by himself, and because he has incurred a horrible jealousy for a much finer animal, bnt one without tusks for the same leason that a boy has no beard, and which misfortune resulted in his being badly gored the other day when brought face to face with his formidable rival. Because of these porkers Mr. Schofield is naturally a great authority on pigs, and from a room he showed our representative there is quite sufficient evidence that he is one of the best and safest curers of colonial hams possible to name. MR. G. TOOBEY, one of the sons-in-law of Mr. Schofield, oc cupies on the other -side of the road, an area of II acres, and it is here that the visitor, finds those wonderful oats of which mention, is made at the commencementof this article.. And here, too, is a field of corn quite as rich as that mentioned, and vegetables without number, and all of the most excellent quality although not of forced growth, whilst stretched out between the corn are hundreds of melons of every possible kind, from a rock which was cut for our representative, and which has for ever spoilt his taste for any other order grown. To describe this field in detail would be beyond our present space.-' Suffice to say that it is merely a replica of the larger farm opposite, and'undcr the con trol of Mril'oobey does him such justice as entitles Mr. Schofield's son-in-law to rank, for energy and carefulness, with the best farmers we have. What may he said of the greater property may be said of the lesser, and even of a patch of cucumbers and mar rows opposite the main homestead, and which though partly destroyed through the ravages of recent flood waters, is still suffi cient to help add to the reputation of Scho field's farm at Peel. [To appear on Wednesday, a brief article on the properties of Messrs.AV. Thome and W. Redding.] 