GENERAL NEWS, The examination d Gunners M'Gregor, Bolton, Griffen, and Dunn, of the P.A7V., forthepostofbombardior.wasconolvidedlast evoning. The competitors were puc through the whole of the practical portion of the drill. Tho nandidataa showed fcbftfc area' attention had been paid to their ordinary drill, as all went through their duties well, and but for the display of a little nervous ness oa the part of some, they passed through tbe ordeal very creditably. The result will be made known on the next drill nivtht. Captain Hope notified oa parade that the drill nights will in future be changed from Tuesdays and Fridays tj Mondays and Thursdays The flnowflake Minstrels, a juvenile company of entertainer?, gave a concert on Mondty evening at the Mfohanios' Insti tute. Thero was a good attendance, and tho performance oa the whole was very much appreciated. Majors Selby Stirling as bones, Theo. Avohdeao n us tamno, and C. Woodhoad m interlooutsr, deEeive special mention, and displayed talent that would hive boon oreditible to a senior com pany. A reoitation by Mr, W. B, Scott was well receivod) and tbe performance con eluded with a laughible farce, entitled 'The Chemist's Shop.' A' writer in a Sydney paper eays :— ' I aui glad to see you take no ice of tho move ments of my old political opponent, Mr, J, P. T. Caulfled. As Mr. Caulfl6ld was lei out of darkness in' o light by my instrumen tality, and as I know him to be a ro.il goo:l fellow at hoarf, I am pbased to ba able fc - tell you that in the ofiioa of a mutual friend, Mr. John Hurley, there ia now a beauti- fully-illuminated address from the minors of LltV-g.-w to tho ' Boy Politician,' aspir ant for Parliamentary honours, journalist and Singlo-taser, It ia doubly pleasing to find, too, that Mr. Hurley and the ' Boy nre suoh good friends— and I could hero re'atesome rather aCfeoting proof that they are eo when it is well known that tbe journalist was ^ery severe upon the legis late in the old dark days— now happily gone by. Bth are lofting up aga;n, and with the characteristic buoyancy of both, we may see them float atop before long. I shouldn't at all wonder if Mr. Hurley once more obcainoS a seat in tho New South Walea Assembly j whilst, if Mr. Caulfleldwent for higher gxmo thin taking the part of the Liicensed Victuallers aga'nst tbe cold water patty — he is meant for be ter things than booming the liquor trafflo,— he would make a| very useful and ablo member of the We»t Australian Par liament.' It will amaze many people to learn that there are to many metals more valuable than gold. A newspaper with an unpvo nouncable name, published in Saxony, gives a list of metals more precious than gold, showing the value per ounce, beginning with indium, £15) osmhun, £18) palla dium, £10) baryum, £24 10s. j niodium, £31 16s t rhodium, £31 15a. j ruthenium, £83 j didyme, £44 j cerium, £46 los. ; eribiura, £47 1 vitrium, £66) strontium, £50 j calcium, £63 j glucinium, £74 j luhium, £77 1 oironium, £100 j stibidium, £125 j vanadium, £155. By steamer to-morrow (states a Tasman ian paper of April 1) Mr. W. G, Fuller, who has oeen for upwards of two years super intendent in Northern Tasmania for the Citizens' Assurance Company Limited, leaves for Melbourne, «h ?-'4*? to Western Australia to .take' tho superintendence of the coitipau2rB business iri that colony. 1 he company has now opened offices in nil the colonies, Western Australia being the last entered. Mr. Fuller duriug his residenoo here has made a largo circle of friends, who wish him success in his new sphere, where ho will have plenty fit scope for his well known onorgy. He will reside at. Perth, but ns the business of the company is ex tending throughout tho colony muoh travel ling will bo required, and tho head office has soleotod Ml', fuller owing to the sue* cess of his previous' wdfk. Mi1. James Bowcn, who Ihs been for.tlu'eo years' dupei1* intonaent o£. 5oitthet'n Tasmania, will be removed to. Launceistoh, and is succeed' d at Hobart by Mi1, j. P. B. Moneinoat. The Hobart office issituteclinElizab'etli-Btre'jt; Mills fdi' the east rn coloriie', etc., for despatch from Albany per Orient R.M.fr*. Orotava, will bo made up ot the General Post office to-morrow ( I hurs'lay, April 13), at 1.45 p.m., and on the following clay supplementary miils will be made \vp at the samo hour At Frenantlo those mails will be closed at 1.20 p.m. Under the heading of ' Dutch Relics ' tha following notice to correspondents appears in the Australasian of April 1 Broadhurst, Macneil, and Company, writ ing from Abrolhos Islands, Western Aus tralia, say : - ' Towards the ead of 1891 we sent you a silver and a copper coin which were found on Gun Island, in the southern group of the Abrolhos Islands, and you were good enough to submit same to Mr. Howiit, of the fine arts department, Public Library, for his examination and report and you replied to our letter in one of your Nov. issues, 1801, giving that gentleman's interes ting remarks. We now pose you a small box, which appears to be made of gun metal. It apparently is a snuff or tobacco box, with some quaint old Dutoh devices on the cover and bottom. The Admiralty, in their oharts of this cocist, and also in the directory of the coast (Australia Directory, vol. iii., 1882), lay down that the Dntoh man-of-war Zeewyk was wreoked on the Barrier Beef, adjacent to Gun Island in 1728, and the coins found, ranging from 1702 to 1726, of course corroborate this. Mr. Howitt replies : " The brass tobaooo box is probably of the 18th century. The quaint style of engraving makes it certain to be Dutch, and it may safely be ascribed to the same period as the coins I described in 1801, which according to your corresndent were found in the same locality. The words on the top and bottom are so muoh corroded that they cannot be easily read, but they are, no doubt, the work of an ex port engraver. Mr. F.C. Broadhurst in forms us that the box is now in his possess ion. A raee'.Jrig d the creditors of Andrew Wukely was hold yesterday ' afternoon at the office of Mr, Mo;s, colioitor, Premautle. The debtor offered to pay 2Os. in the £ —10a. in cash, and tbe bilance in two instalments bt 3 and 6 months. Tho whole of tho creditors agreed to this proposal with the exception of Messrs. Lionel Sara son & So:-. Mr Marshall, ono of tho oreditora, proposed to pay Samson's claim, of £260, ia full, and the debtor's proposal was then accepted, Tbis msrning the ohildren attending the Sun lay-schools at Frd mantle and environs in couneotion with the Church of England were oonreyed by train t) Cliremont for their nnnudl pionio, Thrse attend ng at St. John's were joined at the ohuroh by tha contingent from Btaowsfleld, numbering between 60 and 80, nnder tbe charge of tho district superintendent (Mr. David Han cook), while the North Fremantle contin gent, containing a similar number, in charge of Mr. Ben. Kenworthy, entviined at that station in due course. Altogether there were between 800 and 300 ohildren in att.'udano?,and in addition to the teach ing-staff tho Arohdoacon and Mrs. Watkins and several prominent ohurch-workers ac companied the little party, who, happily, were favored with cool aud tnjoyable weather for their day's outing. Yesterday afternoon the consecration of Christ Church, Cltuvmonfc, took placo, in the presence of a large number of the mem bers of the congregation and others. The visitors from Perth were vory numerous, and included His Excellency the Governor and the Speaker of the Legislative Assem bly Sir James LeeSteete. The oareniony was performed by BiBhopPaTry, his lord ship being assisted by Doan Goldsmith, Archdeaom Watkins, the Kev. Mr. Hars ton and the Begistrar of the Diocese (Mr. P. G. Williams). The Bishop having re ceived the formal petition, at the conolus ion of the preliminary portion of the serv ice his lordship, in a most impressive man ner, dea'ared the handsome little buildiug to be no*.v couseorated and Bet apart to God for ever, in tbe name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The text of the conseoration sermon whioh was preached by the Bishop, was taken from the sixth and seventh verses of the xov. Psalm : ' Oh, come let in worship and fall down, and kneel before tho Lord our Maker j for He is the Lord our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of Bis hand.' At the conolusioa of tbe Bishop's discourse, various hymns were rendered, and other portions of the Church of England service were gone through, in whioh the congregation heartily joined. At tho conclusion of the service, a large number of these present examined tbe building, whioh is of freestone, with cement dressings, and is capable of seating 120 persons. The ventilation arrange ments and the fittings were muoh admired, the arohitect, Mr, J, Talbot Hobbs, and t. e builders— Messrs. Boundey and Locke— being highly eulogised for their handi work, 