The Halls of England. AN OLD HISTORIC MANSION. TABLET HALL, CHESHIRE. ITS STORY AND LEGENDS. THE FAMILY GHOST. DE TABLEY OF TO-DAY. T7* ITTLE is known in this country of many of the o most interesting features }£ 3K . of England, and the / jjjsifc^-^ sketcher with pen and 7* 'wv^T ' Penc^- 'who is regularly A^ijjLaS^f^ supplying the Man Jjy^BEs^*^ Chester Weekly Times ^**^ with views and descrip tions of old hills and family seats is doing good work and enabling us to place before our readers some interesting reading. In the issue to hand by the mail the building dealt with is Tabley Hall in. Cheshire. Leaving behind, on the left, the gem of the Cheshire Meres peacefully ? slumbering amid its lovely setting of autumn-tinted foliage, you are soon at the pleasant little hamlet of Mere. The road runs through the heart of Mere Park and just before reaching the village, between the interlacingrs of the trees on the left, you may catch a glimpse of Mere Hall, the present residence of the Brooke family, who succeeded the Meres in the pos session of the Manor of Mere in 1652. The Old Hall which stands on the site of the ancient mansion of the Meres lies almost buried in foliage about a quarter of a mile from the roadway on the right, and is now in the tenure of a Manchester merchant. A little beyond Mere the hamlet of Over Tabley is passed, and you soon reach the corner of Tabley Park, where the road from Knutsford joins the turnpike. This portion of the park, generally called Tabley Leys, is a fine stretch of open pasturage with clumps of trees dotted here and there, which is given over to the fattening of cattle. Enter ing the lodge gates of the park, the way to the hall lies along a magnificent avenue of limes, oak, chestnut, and sycamores, to the mansion. This is a comparatively modern building, having been erected from designs by Mr. John Carr, of York, in 1769. It stands at some distance to the north of the Mere on a slight elevation, in the midst of an extensive park whose beauty is enhanced by masses of grand old trees. The building is of that plain substantial character which ] the Georgian taste . delighted in, but the south front is relieved hy a fine portico of the Doric order, , supported ' by r four columns over 23ft in height and 9ft in circumference, each being formed out of a single block of Runcorn stone. Looking forth from this portico the eye is enchanted by the loveliness of the scene. The country undulates sufficiently to give that greatest of charms — variety, it is bountifully wooded, here and there some meandering stream, makes its presence known by broken glints of silvery light, and on this brightest and clearest of autumn afternoons the outlying spurs of the Staffordshire hills are seen like a line 'of tender blue on the horizon. But the most pictur esque part of the prospect lies in the fore ground. Here the large lake reposes amid an encompassing fringe of foliage, its sur face now dusked, now. silvered over by some j playful passing breeze, ,and its natural beauty made more impressive by Time's loving treatment of a'fine.piece of the handi work of man. For on^a small island at the north-western part of the lake there stands all that remains of the old hall, built origin ally iii' the dimly distant days of Bichard II., though the battleniented front on which, the eye now fails does not date further back than the time of Charles II. Still it has become a thing of beauty which the artist or the lover of the- picturesque must contemplate with delight, for over the warm red brick and grey .stone of its walls the dark green ivy has spread until its clinging tendrils have clothed with a mantle of rich verdure :.wa31 and mullion ; and transom, and creeping upwards here and there, have overtopped the ;battlements in such wise that their leafage flaunts proudly in the wind. Behind : this frontage some portions of the old-mansions still remain, and their preservation is carefully maintained. The most interesting portion, remaining is the great hall, a room- about 40ft long and 25ft wide, with a splendid open, timber roof, -which, for the massiveness and great size of its rafters is ^almost unique in Cheshire. There is an open gallery round three sides of the hall, entered from the grand Jacobean staircase erected by Sir Peter Leycester. An ingle-nook of .most generous dimen sions, 12ft wide.i&nd; 6ft :deep, has been recon structed into anitordinary fireplace, but to soften the insult a finely carved chimney piece has been inserted, haying representa tions of the deaths of Cleopatra and Lucretia carved in a style likely to astonish the un sofisticated The date of this curious piece of workmanship is 1619. Opposite to this you notice a magnificent bay window, in which is emblazoned the Leycester pedigree in stained glass. Displayed on the walls is a most interesting and instructive collection of ancient arms and armour, and this is contrasted with a gathering of African arms brought from Upper Egypt in 1874. There ace other curiosities in the room which should not.be overlooked, amongst them being a £tone quern found at Ribchester, a stone with Ogham inscription found near Heysham, and a- quantity of beautifully carved old Voak^paunelling and furniture. You are shown also a small bedroom, wherein:.is an antique handsomely carved oak bedstead, and are assured that it is the bed in which Queen Elizabeth slept when on one of her numerous resplendent progresses. If your sense of the historic fitness of things is not sufficiently touched by this slight ordeal you are further shown the doorway to a small room built in the wall at the extreme end of the musicians' gallery. You are told that there is but one small window to this room, and that even it is a borrowed light ; that this window is boarded up and always has been 5 that the door also is made up, and has not been opened within the memory of man ; and that this is called the ghost-room, where upon you immediately feel your back hair becoming pleasantly agitated, and your nerves tingle with delight, for you know that at last you have unearthed that most fascinating of nonentities, an old family ghost. And this is the story of the ghost as told us ; Once upon a time in the conveniently foggy past there was a grand junketting in the great hall, and gentlemen and ladies from all the country round were pre sent at the reveL Amongst them were two gentlemen, whose names are immaterial now, and one of these had a handsome and lively wife, of whom her husband was ex tremely jealous. Perhaps the fun grew a little too fast and furious, perhaps the wine mounted higher than it should, suffice it that the husband of 'the lady thought that one of the guests was paying attentions to her such as no gentleman ought to pay to another man's wife. This was enough, the fiend of jealousy was aroused, and dire insult fol lowed Nothing would serve but that the dis honor must be wiped out then and there with blood So the hall was cleared, and the com batants set so fiercely upon each other that to the consternation of everyone the husband was slain. 'The poor wife, on being told of this dreadful ending to the fray, seized a dagger and stabbed herself to the heart. All this was certain to cause a terrible scandal should it come to be generally known ; there fore, those present swore an awful oath of secrecy, and the two bodies were placed side by side in the little room, and the window and door of it hermetically sealed But no thickness of oak or stoutness of nail could prevent 'a self-respecting ghost from '-walking' occasionally, and so when the nights are dark and the winds howl round the whole house, Trmlnng eerie sounds which have some wild resemblance to music, ' there may be seen a knight and his lady leaning over the balustrade of the musicians' gallery, and apparently watch ing some livoly scene below. As you make your way out of the old hall you should notice in -what is now the en trance hall a considerable piece of old plas ter which has been covered with glass to preserve it. This is pitted with holes, which may have been made by the point of a sword or spear. Various theories have been advanced to account for them, one is that they have been caused by holts from crossbows shot across the lake; but ?who, after hearing the gruesome story just related, could do other than maintain that these were made during that frantic duel to | the death, and are outward and visible evi dences of the ghost's right to prowl ? For those who take their pleasure in all things redolent of the past there is another and more definite personality 'whose shade haunts this time-honored hall. This is none other than Sir Peter Leycester, the father of all those quaint creatures who compile vast and musty tomes where in are enshrined curious-looking le gends called pedigrees, and dry and horribly exact descriptions of ancient monu ments, churches, mansions, or natural curio sities, and -which are known to the vulgar as County Histories. Very valuable these are in their 'way, and we would not for a moment have it supposed that we underrate their worth, but they are hardly the source | one naturally turns to for solace when weary with the war and worry of life. It can be said of Sir Peter that he fixed for ever the lines on: which county topography should be written, and those 'whose ambition it is to shine in that sphere must put them selves apprentice to his ' Historical Antiquities of Cheshire.' He was, moreover, a brave and gallant gentleman, clever of fence, be it with sword or pen. He was born in 1613, lived through all the storm and stress of the blood-stirring days of Cavalier and Boundhead, until long after King Charles had ' come by his own again,' dying in his. 65th year in 1678. He was an ardent Royalist, yet fortune was not kind to him, for ere he had had opportunity to strike ' For God ! for the Cause ! for the Church! for the Laws!' as Macaulay hath it, he was taken prisoner by Fairfax at the surrender of Oxford. This heavy blow not only placed him hors de combat, but compelled him to undergo the unpalatable process of compounding for his estate. Though Sir Peter does not appear to have taken any active part in public affairs after this, it would seem that the Commonwealth kept a keen eye upon him, for he was committed to prison by Order of Council in 1665. When at length Charles II. was restored to the throne he received a baronetcy by way of salve for his wounded pocket. He began about 1649 to collect the material for his great work, the ' Historical Antiquities,' accumulated, inquired, verified, and sifted for 24 years, and then published in 1673 the book which has rescued the memorials of Cheshire, but more especially of his own Hundred of Budworth, from the attacks of time and of oblivion. The publication of the work led to a lively genealogical controversy with his neighbor, Sir Thomas Mainwaring, of Peover. It lasted five years and caused | the production of 15 stout pamphlets. It ' was all about the legitimacy or otherwise of ; a lady named Amicia, daughter of Earl Hugh Cyvelioc, who '? flourished ' during a considerable part of the 12th century, which lady was the common ancestress of the two 'disputants. The- general opinion was that .Sir Peter, though he conducted the controversy on the negative side with an extraordinary display of learning, got the worst ..of tie encounter. That -was as it should be if we are to consider the feelings of the jbady,; though, alas, the poor girl had been dead and gone fully 500 years before this terrible passage of arms disturbed her repose. ? A wajrarjlsh and merry ballad went from hand to hand in manuscript concerning these petty controversies between the baronets, and great sport was made among idle and vain gentlemen about the punctilios and minute things they insisted upon. If proof were needed to show how libel lous Tennyson's flout about the ' tenth transmitter of a foolish face'7 may often be, this ancient family of the Leycesters can give it decisively. They have always been a strong race. When, during the armored ages, it was necessary to be men of iron they were so ; when . times changed and brain took the place of stee2, they became in tellectual. How one of them, used his brains we have seen, and now let me introduce you to another, the first Lord de Tabley. This gentleman was the son of Sir Peter Byrne, but was a Leyeester on the mother's side. His father was a man of taste, with some knowledge and much love of the fin* arts, and when in 1762 a sou was born to him he took pains to give the boy an artistic education. Thus nurtured the natural bent of the lad soon declared itself, and he ultimately became an amateur artist of high merit. He visited various various parts of Europe, making drawings wherever he -went. Much of his work is stUl preserved at Tabley. It is mainly landscape, and resembles more than any other the manner of David Cox or Dewint. This taste led him to undertake his life's work — the establishment and promo tion of a British School of Art. At the beginning of the present century artistic taste was at a low ebb. The best foreign art received scant encouragement, and Eng lish, in spite of the labors of the Boyal Academy, almost none. It was, therefore, a heavy and costly task, and one which savored not a little of the Quixotic, to com pel the public to take interest in and admire that which they hardly knew to exist — the art work of Englishmen. This taslt Lord de Tabley set himself to perform. He opened in London, in 1818, a gallery, the first of its kind, exclusively hung with the works of British artists, and invited all and sundry to come and see. They went, and in the teeth of the critics were charmed and impressed, and thus was founded that English School of Art which has become to day one of the nation's proudest posses sions. To art succeeded literature in the person of the present Lord de Tabley, who is not only a man of culture and an M.A.,but also a poet. A volume of verse from his pen was published in the early part of this year. I It is illustrated with etchings in the pre Eaphaelite style, and this gives the key note by which some, at least, of the charac teristics of his muse may be discriminated. The study of classic poets, both ancient and mediaeval, has left a powerful im pression on his imagination, but instead of bein£ overshadowed by their genius, it has had sufficient strength to absorb and origin ality to reproduce their beauties without actual imitation. There is much, also, of his verse that is essentially modern, both in thought and tone. It has been written at many times and in many moods, and hardlv a single stanza is unworthy to be named, poetry. Yet the writer is not and cannot be a great poet. There are many lovely, many sweet, and many finely expressed thoughts in his volume, and were it not that there is already such a crowd of dii majori comfort ably seated on Mount Parnassus, Lord de Tabley -might justily have hoped to find stand room somewhere amongst the throng. The Ceottjry magazine for October is to con tain au interesting contribution to the literature concerning the Great Napoleon. It is a diary kept by the admiral's secretary, Mr. Glover, during the passage of the ship—the Northumber land — which carried the emperor from Ply mouth to St. Helena. It gives an account of bis actions and conversation, as .the impressions were jotted down from day to. day. The diary has re mained in the possession of . Mr. Glover's family. This will be the first time that it has ever been ' published, . Interior Old Tabley Hall. Old Tabley Hall, Knytsford. Tabley From The S.W. 