One Thing and Another. Miss Muggy : " I wonder if George knows ] have money." Friend: "Has he proposed?'' "He has." "He knows." Keadem: "Among the ancient Romans every public dinner opened with a ballet." Headern.: "Ah, I Bee. Grace before meat." Though, woman can't drive in a nail, She puts to scorn the men In such a simple little act As driving out a hen. "Johnny," called a mother out of the window to her hopeful, ." do stop playing with that Willi*; Bricktop. * It's too warm to-day to play with a red-headed boy." She: "It's no sign because a girl is engaged to a man that she is willing to marry him." He : " No. But it is a sign that the man is willing to run the ohanee." " This life is full of ups and downs, As through the world we go ; But th' only kind of Vup ' these days Is ' hard up.' That is i so." Mamie : "Iibelieve in woman's rights." Gertie : " Then you think every woinan should have a vote." Mamie: "No; but I think every woman should have a voter." Davis: "Who says the day of miracles is passed ? Judge Williams performed one yester day." Henlrins : " No ? What was it ?" Davis : " He gave a deaf man a hearing." Judge Duffy : " What is your age ?" (Female witness hesitates.) Judge Duffy: " Don't.hesitate in answering the question. The longer you hesitate the older you'll be." Little Miss: "I'm going to have a birthday party next week." . Mr. Nicefellow : " The mem bers of your family always celebrate their birth days, I believe." Little Miss: "Yes, all but sisner. She's got so careless, she's beginnin'to skiphers." Friend (after tea): "Your little wife is a brilliantly handsome woman. I should think you would be jealous of her. The host (confi dentially) : " To tell the truth, Simpkins, I am. I never invite anybody here that any sane woman would take a fancy to." " What is the matter, landlord ? You seem greatly upset." " And for a very good reason, sir. In the ruins you have just been shown over thjerewas a ghost that brought up a crowd of '. sight-seers." '-Well?" "Why, he has just given me, notice to quit at the quarter's end." Little Clara was out with her mother taking dinner at a neighbor's house, and the hostess, in an attempt to be entertaining, asked her if she liked kittens. ' The little miss shocked those gathered at the table by looking suspiciously at the chicken pot-pie and replying *' I deBs not deas I'd rather have cake." One of King James I. chaplains, preaching before the Court at Whitehall, made use of the following quibbles in his discourse. Speaking of the depravity of the age, " almost all houses," he said, "were made ale-houses; that men made matrimony a matter of money, and placed their paradise in a pair of dice. Was it BO in the time of Noah? Ah,no." She (slightly tinctured with women's rights notions): Do you believe in the equality of woman ?" He (emphatically) : " I do not." She (drawing away from him) : "What!" He: "I believe woman to be eminently superior to man." Visitor : " So your brother is taking lessons on the violin. Is he making progress ?" Little girl : " Yes'm ; he's got so now we can tell whether he ÍB tuning or playing." He Was Not Afraid.-Old lady: "And so you are trying to get out to the free and boundless West. That is a commendable ambition, and I'll give you this to help you on your way." Tramp : " Thankee, mum. I'll often think of you Ven I get to Gory Gulch." " What kind of a town is that ?" " I don't know, mum ; but I've heard it's a place where they shoot strangers wot refuses to drink with 'em." A German chemist has succeeded in mak ing a first-rate brandy out of sawdust. lam a friend of the temperance movement and I want it to succeed, but what chance will it Have when a man can take a rip-saw and go out and get drunk with a fence board ? What is the use of a pro hibitory liquor law if a man is able to make brandy out of HB hen-roost, or, if he can get delirium tremens by drinking the legs of his kitchen chairs ? You may shut an inebriate out . of. a hotel, but if he can become uproarious on _ boiled sawdust, any effort must necessarily ba a failure, ' . . .-. . 