A REPORTER'S GHOST. Three o'clock in the morning ia *n un canny honr the world over except at pouee he»dqu»rt«ri or in the office of a morning newipaper. and it was in toil latter place at the hoar named, that four or fire reporter!, hating sent in all their copr and listened to the foreman awear for fifteen minute* becatue he had two column* of apace and ten columns of matter that "most go in," ait with their feet on the tablet and their chairbar.k* knocking tie plastering off, talking over the anbject which i» juat as new to-day as it was when Adam doffed his bearer and (aid "flow d'y* do 1 " to Etc. Every fellow in the crowd waa a bachelor, and each one waa informing the other in all leriousness that he should "TOat forT* tnqntfrt-eUnde "Browne of Frank Jones. " Because," replied Frank, " it's only the proper way to lire.'1 " A nice husband a reporter would make," mid Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m., and leaving home as soon as he gnt hia 12 o'clock "oreakf sat." " But his wife would always know where he tv, and if she didn't she'd know when ever he iras he wosaiteran item and had to be back at the office in time," remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put in Claude, "if you think it'a such a great snap, why don't yon get marrried i" " Can't," aaid Charlie, Tery positively. "Why not?" " Thundcration, man, how's a fellow to buy a wholo steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank.' How a a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shoTcl fnll of dirt f" "That's it," interrupted Claude; " how's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? What's the matter with marrying a rich girlf" "Where'stheeirl.'"queried Charlie. "Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing a?ent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the (rirl haa her heart set on a hus band and can't get him i Smith argued awhile against matrimony and at half-past 3 started for home. He waa thinking the conversation over, and aa he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor tv not only a knot on a log, but lie was a Tery lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city and as he paased a fine house his reverie waa disturbed by the peculiar dick of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by the reportonal inttinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining room and making oft with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fel lows, and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, &s; if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious t<> open the door than he waa to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet The reporter scrutinised the door closely and dis covered that the robber was not on the ontiide, but waa evidently within, and was working hu war out. and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture hia man with the boodle on his person. He slipped hl« revolver out of hia pocket, trained it on the door, and aa in ttant afterward the door awung open, and Charlie waa ready to cry "throw up your hands,' when iniUad of a burglar, » ghost came out. "It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an anuting tone to himself, " for ghosts don't nnlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, wLat the deuce iait!" He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it waa came ont into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, v if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," aaid the reporter, " it's a woman, and she's got on a night-gown. I'll have to fee about this,*' and with his revol ver ready in ease of accident, he stepped ont of the show aid spoke to the ghostly walker. " Good evening," he said nervously. "Xo, excuse me, mean gcoi morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd bettor go back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an or dinary adair. and he didn't reqnire news paper instinct to tell bim so. The tlieeted figure made no reply, but moved strain and came toward him. The cold chills chafed each other down his back and be looked for a policeman, with the usual result. "Stand back," he laid, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might gooff." Bat on it came, and Charlie found that hit legs wonld't move in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face tc face with bin strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. " 1 beg your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to t» dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance ': Is there anyone in the house that ha» frightened you r" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened byhU own words, s'epped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. " Another Aminn," bo said, " LaSonnam bula oif the stage, with a reporter as first tenor acd leading man. Well, this is a go!' "I've got to t.iVfi her inthehouie any how, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door*, and rang the bell, and ring it with a f crty-bone power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, Lnt wiio awake, and Charlie had a very plump young weman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy yoone man in_eveu leas dishabille. ••What's this?'' he shouted, making a grab at Charlit's throat. " Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Char lie, dropring the girl on the floor and almost putting nis foot on her, after the Manner of sic semper tynauis. " What does this mean !" again shouted the younir man, and the remainder of the family came tumbling down stain, none of them fixed to see company. " Let go of me and shut that door, and I'll ttll you," wheezed Charlie. " You don't want to rai» the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do yon? " Some of the other member* of the family by this time bad rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother acd tho servants carried the unconscious girl, upstair*, Charlie told the father and son now he had' met the young lady, and what tke trouble was. Both men knew him by light, acd had met him on' Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain the aitua tion. Half anbour later tho reporter waa at home in bed and dresming swaet dreaau of pretty girl* and all aorta of romantic thimgi. When he reached the office next day a not* was waiting for him, and he waa invited to call that evening on the mother of theyonag lady. He called, of course. He *aw the aaother; ha saw thedtugfcter, hlaehiagand bamatifal; and bow, if Charlie is a bacheloraaach longer then will b« a breach of Croatia* eoit or aoaae other dreadful calaaity, lor Ckartie'* naiad ia aade op.—" Free Preat." If bcota iTia«kdiit,t|if tathtwt* «f tkaMle. 