PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. (BY ELECTBIC TELEGRAPH.) HOBART, November l. ine ireasnrer, in moving the second read ing of the Appropriation Bill, stated that the total deficit for 1893 was £880,000. Ministers had made every effort to stem tbe drift, but their proposals had been rejected by the Oouucll in. a most unconstitutional ni&nncr;, and members bad endeavored to bring about a conflict -between the two Houses. He ?»'» tuat u. ioc otuony were allowed to drift further the Oouncil was 'solely to ^laing, and neither Ministers nor the Bouse oi Assembly «ere response. Beoonfeued to a feeling Of pain that thbyhad&rit; been able to reduce thedeficU more than theynad for 1809, and were it not for tbe absolute ne'eessiues oi tbe colony he would have favored throw* ing out the Cc;tomi Duties Bill, seeing that the Council bad refused to pass the income a^d g^dpated lapd tuxes. He wu happy January and no doubt tbe subsequent liabilities would also be met. Mr Olark, who followed, twitted Ministers for allowing tbe keystone pi t^eir proposals £o be knogkKl down apd s(ill taxation were tyaceable to tbe rpctan state ox the constitution, which allowed Ministers to retain their seats after losing their measures. The debate was subsequently adjourned until tomorrow on the easting vote of tbe speaker, Mr ft. LpaiUm, M #JL. W}U be eppuej I by Gaptain Underwood for New NoSolk, phd Hr Bnssell ¥ onng, solicitor, Is also spoken of *s a likely candidate. Launcebfon Firs Bbicade Board. — ! A meeting of the Laoncoston Fire Brigade Board was hfiJd at the office of the secretary (Mr K. Bitcme), 8t, John*street, yesterday, when there-wore present— Messrs. H. Bdgell (chairman), -F* Ferguson, B. EL Price, and H. Weedon.—^A letter was read from the town clerk enclosing a report which had | been adopted »by the whole Oonbell, recom» 1 mending that the Fire Brigade Board be charged with £100 per year to assist in re* oonplng the Corporation for the expense of providing and fire- plugs within its jurisdiction. The superintendent's re port of fires and fire alarms to: date was read and tabled. Accounts amounting to £106 9s lid were passed for payment, and the board rose. GstfEBAL Hospital.— The following is the return of the General Hospital for the last month : — Strength, October 1, 86 males, 29 females, against 41 males and 60 females last year ; admitted during the month, 47 males, 86 females, ae against 46 males and 22 females for the corresponding period of last year ; discharged during the month, SI males, 85 females, compared with 81 males and 23 females for tbe previous year ; died,' 2 males, 4 females, as against 1 male and 3 I females in October, 1692. Strength on November lf49 males, 26 females, as com pared with 65 males and 27 females in the same month, last year; out-patients, 129, compared with 71 for the same period last year ; total attendances, 612, as against 861 for the corresponding month of 1892. Benevolent BoorsTT.— Yesterday after* noon the weekly meeting of tbe executive committee of the local Benevolent Society took place in theoMayor's-room, Town Hall, there being present — Messrs. J. Btophenson (chairman), G. Wilkins, W. B. Barwood, J. Tullocb, G. Baker, J. T. Farmilo, and M. Tyson, The secretary reported that tem porary relief had been granted to nine men, two woman, and one child during the week, and there were on the permanent roll 78 men, 147 women, and 881 children, total 666, A donation of clothing wis acknowledged from Mrs H. Bdgell, A. coo ants for October, amounting to £128 14s 4d, were passed for payment. The following provisions had been consumed during tbe past month Meat, 36181b; bread, 77781b; sugar,. 18141b; tea, 1681b, Eight new cases, comprising 21 persons, were added to tbe permanent roll, which now musters 680, and h&s; been in* creased by the addition of 200 during tbe past four months. Two were struck oS for misconduct. The chairman was granted a few weeks' leave of absence, tbe members of the committee expressing the hope that he would enjoy his holiday, and benefit' by the change of air. The Mcktaua Mine Fatal Accident. —Our Penguin correspondent wrote yester* day The recent accident and death of Mr Henry Olark, at Zeehan, bas cast quite a gloom over our township. I paid a visit to the wife and family this afternoon, and found a house ef weeping. The poor wife wss prostrated and delirious, and the children all cr- ing bitterly. The news was carried to the family by Mi ? Jentings, sen , and she and a number of relatives were trying to console and comfort them. :The deceased was an industrious hard-working man, and was mnch respected. He was a good husband and father, and strove hard to maintain his family of seven children in a respectable manner. They are left totally unprovided for ; what they will do in the future is a subject for thought. — Mr Oreeden, 1 am glad to say, is fast recovering from tbe cffects of the late accident, A WoNDEBFUL Clook. — What is de* scribed as being tbe greatest scientific, mechanical, and artistic achievement of the 19th century is now being exhibited at 166 Oharles-Btreet. The wonder in question is known to the world as the great historical clock of America, Various incidents asso ciated with the history of the making of the United States are illustrated, among them being the landing of Columbus, Penn treat ing with the Indians, and similar events which are represented by groups ot mechan ical figures which, at stated intervals, be come apparently endowed with life. There are many other features of interest attached to this marvel of inventive genius and skil ful workmanship, Tbe clock— edifico would be a more appropriate word — is designed on elegant ana highly ornate lines, bnt the effect is somewhat marred and :he htrmony of outline interfered with by the two models — Batboldi's Statue of Liberty and the Soldiers' Monument at Gettysburg — which have been placed upon each side of the lower section of the structure. The archi tect surely never intended that these wings should support such an incongruous bur then. The clock will be on view sooie days, : and is well worth a visit, I Bt, John's Fsibxdlt Society— A general | meeting of St, John's Friendly Society was I held last evening, in tbe eehool-room, | Elizabeth-street, the chair being occnpied by j tbe president (Mr P. B. Dogan). The ques- I tion of joining the Friendly Societies' Asso- I ciation of Tasmania was considered, and j after considerable dinenstion it waB decided I to take that step, Messrs. M. E. Bobinson j and W. F. Wathen being appointed delegates. ! Advertising Tasmania. — Tbeannonnce- ment in another column that a branch egcncy of the well-known firm of Thomas Oook and Son, of excursion fame, has been opened at Hobart under tbe management of the Government Railway Department is a sign of progress. Some two years ago Messrs. Cook and Son established Bn agency in Tasmania in connection with a leading bneiness firm, but the business done did not warrant its continuance. Now, however, that tbe capital is in direct eteam communication with i ondon, they have made another tffort, which promises to be more successful. The offices secured tor the new agency are aimir^bly sitnated, and are in charge of an officer ot the Bailway Department, who is also tbe hon. secretary for the Tasma* nian Tourists' Association — an organise* lion which seems desirous of emulating tbe example set by the Launceston Citv and Suburbs Improvement Association, and has already led to tbe formation of branch societies at Deloraine and Port ttspetance Messrs. Cook and Bon appear to be desirous of supporting these local efforts ' to not only attract v'eitors to Tasmania, but enable them to visit tbe magnificent scenery, which, in conjunction with our salubrious climetp. must always ren^itr Tasmania the sanatorium of the southern hemisphere. As at present constituted the Tasmanian agency of Messrs. Oook and Son cannot only supply information, but book travellers to Eogland, Europe, America, China, and Japan, the Nile— in fact to any part of the globe— npon 11.01I favorable terme, and we hope that ere locg they vill see their way to book travel lers at their Australasian and foreign agencits for tours through Tasmania. To muke this colony known abroad as a ' tour ists' resort' some suoh organisation is at present sorely needed. The Taxing Bills.— As the result of a widespread feeling that the Onstoms Duties Bill— which affects the poorest in the com munity — should not receive vice regal sanction in the absence of tbe measures which were to tax tbe wealthier portionsj. a petition to His UxowUcne^ ia befog InTlu eudally' -signed, which sets forth — 1. That whereas the Government introduced a scheme of additional taxLtion which pro posed' to levy npon Customs duties, lund, Ificomefl, and propUe duties with a view to the ctjritable adjustment of the incidence on Ml classes; '2. And whereas, '-notwithstanf ing the modification of both the term and substance ' ot a part of the scheme to meet theVistesof the Legislatlve'Couacll, it has pleased that body to reject the entire scheme with the exception of that' portion msBsfBssesi In question. }t wl|l be evident that no time Qhonjd be lost by the pmmQtoxa of the iQ T«pept to their presentation. Houbb Assqqiatjqk.— a com ttittee meeting wu held at the Workmen's Olub last evening, when there Was a good attendance o! members. The balance-sheet of the last demonstration and auditors' re. Cwat read, showing that the earn of £278 Id bad been receiver) and erpexde£, WWaiatW a fcwountWfife debit. A vote oi thanks was accorded tQ Messrs, A.' Mapdpnald and J. Parkin (or their eervioes es auditors. Jt was resolved t^iat the next demonstration be held on Centennial Day, January 96, 1691, and, as It was pointed out by the chairman that the association was not formed for the purpose oi MCUB»~Vrr-rL it m decided ^ammou.irtta-t 76 Ctht. of the profits he handed ove? to charities. The assistant-secretary (Mr W. P. M'Mghra) -vas deputed to collect sub scriptions In aid of the funds. After seversd minor matters were dealt with, the com mittee decided to meet at tbe same place on Tuesday evening next, when several sub committee Reports win be brought up. Citv Polvjb CotST— There was a otafe eharga'sheet at tyfe Qourt yesterday, ' Bilveb Wkddino Celebration. — Mr and Mrs J. J. Markham, of Balaclava-street, ' Invereok, celebrated the anniversary of their' twenty-five years of married life yesterday evening. About ~26 friends answered the in vitation by putting in an appearanoe at Mr MarkhamV .residence, when a most jovial time was spent, a splendid repast, dancing, recitations, songs, etc., being Indulged in -till «m early hour this morning. The silver wedding cake was cnt before parting, and the health ot host and hostess drunk with musical honor*. Time and fortune have apparently been kind, as both Mr and -Mrs Markham looked the picture of health and happiness, Tavab-stbbbt OntTBCH. — Last night the Bev. A. A. -Munns, from Victoria, was to have preached on the subjeot, ' Is Chris* tianity a failure ?M In consequence, how* evor, of the scantiness of the attendance, the reverend gentleman decided to snbatitnte a few remarks'fonnded on the first fourteen verses of tbe fifth chapter of St. John's GonpeL After a brief address, containing many helpful and practical observations, the benediction was pronounced and the congre gation dispersed. ' False Pbetencbs. — Yesterday Bub* Inspector Scott and Sergeant Brannan arrested on warrant two men, named John Moylan and John Dabner, on a charge of having, at Lefroy, on September 80, obtained goods to the value of £8 from J. T. Stubs by means of false pretences. ' They will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning, and probably remanded for con veyance to Lefroy. Abtibtb' Revenge. —The Triennial B&lon; in Brussels was opened with much eclat on Saturday, but tbe occasion was marked (says the Pall Mall Gazette ) by a couple of ?those incidents which seem now to be indis pensable preliminaries to all such exhibi tions on the Continent. The number of pictures greatly exceeded the space at the command of the managing committee, and a seascape by M. Deleaux was relegated to the Sculpture Gallery. The artist' expostulated, and his work was moved into one of the rooms devoted to pialyial specimens. However, when the doors were opened, M. Dclsaux, to bis unspeak able horror, saw that his exhibit had been surreptitiously raBtored to its original posi tion. He called for a ladder, which the attendants brought, with the idea that he purposed adding a touch ot varnish. The delusion was speedily dispelled when he produced a knife, cut the canvas from the frame, rolled it op, put it under his arm, and walked oft amidst the applause of the bystanders. Mr L6on Dardenne, being equally dissatisfied with the hanging of bis contribution entitled ' The Blue Danube,' adopted a more constitutional course, and requested the authorities to allow him to withdraw the picture. It was pointed out that this was impos sible, as it was included in the printed catalogue Thereupon M. Dardenne, seising a brush left in a pot of paint by a workman, covered the canvas with a neat and uniform coating of blue paint. The committee appear to have been destitute of humor, or they would .jiave allowed his chef d'emvre to remain. As it was the painter triumphed over the regu lations, and his production disappeared from the walls, Labor and Land Settlement,— The Government have decided to make provision 4n the Land Bill now before the Legislature for labor settlements of the kind established in the other colonies, and will hav-* clausoa drifted for tbo purpose. The principle will be ko allow bio is of land to be taken up by companies and association, who will have power to allot poitions of their holdings to individuals on terms to be piorided by statute. The Government will thus be able (says tbe Mercury) to keep control of the arrangements, though they ate assisted by pnblic subscriptions, in tbe interests of those who Lhrowln their lot with the new enter prise. — A private movement is on foot in tbe city to follow the example of some of the other colonieE and mako an effort for settling people on the land. It is proposed to take advantage of the new Land Bill for the pur pose, and it is hoped that every possible effort will be made to get its liberal pro visions paised into law before Parliament closes. Masonic Jubilee. —The jubilee ot the TaemLnian Masonic Benevolent Fund, founded at a meeting held under the acs piccsof the Onion Lodge (then 826, 12. C.) on August 10, 1818, was celebrated by a social gathering at the Masonic Hall on Tuesday evening. Tbe Bight Wotsblpful Bro. Leo Susman, chairman of the benevo lent fund committee, presided, supported by a number of Past Masters, and the room waswull filled by brethren and ladies. The chairman (Bays the Mersvry) expressed tbe gratification that it gHve tbe committee of the fund to celebrate its jubilee under luch favorable circumstanced, and reud a sketch of the history of the fund eince its initiation to the present time, when they had eome £1800 to their credit. Past Master F. H. Wise read the financial statement prepared from the records of the fund, and referred to the labois of the chairman in connection with the fond, concluding by moving a hearty vote of thanks to Bto. Susman, who had been 2o years connected with the fund, 10 of which had been in the capacity of chairman. This was seconded by P.M., E. J. Jacobs, and carried by acclamation. The chairman suitably ac knowledged the comp'imtnt, and on behalf of the subscribers preeenteJ the hon. secrc-. tary (Bro. J. W, Israel; with a handsome eptrgce as an expression of their appre ciation of bis services, Mr Israel gratefully responded. applauding in Coubt. — From an Eng lish paper it appears that there has been a pleasant sequel to the Incident at the Leeds (Yorkshire) assises which we 'recently described in these columns. Lord Chief Justice Oolerldge sentenced a boy to im prisonment for applauding in court. Later his lordship called the boy into his room and told him that while he retained his strong disapproval of hi6 conduct he wt-s perhaps wrong in not making allowance in his case. People who were better educated had st.t him a bad example. Thereupon he set the boy at liberty, with baif a sovereign and spme kindly advice. A K-kbkob Tbageuy. — M. de la Ville Hervu, a well-known writer and candidate for the institute, lived in retirement with his wife and a young servant girl of 16, named Anne Dumas, in a small farm on the outskirts of the forest. A few days back (saya Some Nevu of September 22) 'be took a young man of 20, named Charles Bcherer, luto his service. Xt was soon discovered, however, that Scherer was of evil antece dents, and this was aggravated by hiB im- : proper overtures to his fellow servant, who Informed her master that she was afraid to remain in tbe house with him. M. de la Ville-Htrvi thereupon discharged bim. Bcherer returned on tbe night of September 18, and concealed himself, armed with a knife, in the stable. Anne Dumas went out as usual to lock up the doors of the farm yard. As she did not return her master I became' and . tiwi lormar entered the atiiEle. .Here a terrible struggle wan going on. 6cberer had cut th? throat in the darknete, tjieo tprang at H. de la Vilk-Eervu, He then made bis escape. The deal body of Anne 'Dumas was found covered with cashes, whilst her matter it in a dying state, Bcherer, on fating arresfnd at the neighboring village of Gtrderetu, said robbery and revenge had prompted him to commit the Qrl^e. He war ncurly lynched by the crowd,' and was with great difficulty taken td the 'prison at l^clqn. The fijrestl'ot ^ontainelpleau ig qq longer safe for Anarnjied pedestrians ' \t is infested with footpads, who attack visitors to the TOriou points interest. The Tjde to Fohtdkb.— 1 11 Once an obsenre^ German bakir, now a merchant prince;*1 such is ihe epitome (says the Westminster Gazette ) of . the life of Majir Bopner, the donor of the park to be opeued to the pnblic by the Duke and Dnctyjjia ot York at '8tockton-on»Teei n«t ' month. When A lad, i^ior $opner was selling hot rpV« 1* tho streets of Hartlepool Alter watdB ho entered a ship-broker's office as water «lerk, boarding vessels as they ap peared ia the bay. By-and*bye he becftp'o iko owner of an eitcjBive fleet o I ttinmeia and . Utge ihip-buUding ;? ra oa ths Tees, a. gilt is vMued at -10,ooo. It to at tha advent of imam shipping tW tlie Major -Clught the tide at th.e f^ooo, and sailed on to fortune. He holds a commission in the first Durham Volunteer Bifles. He lives in princely etyle at Preston Hall, near Stock* ton, with the Marquis of Londonderry as his friend and neighbor. He is a Conservative in politics, and it was at one time c, tose-un whether he or Mr Wr^ghtson, M.?.— the thrice-beaten candi^te-^hoold oust Sir -* fiBOT Dead zv Ohuhoh.— i'ne congre gation in Sainte Anne's Church at Mont pellier were terrified one morning Ust mouth by tho report of a revolver fired several times in their midst. The Paris correspondent of the Standard thus de scribes the incident At the moment of raising the Host, Madame Alxlari de Boque* fort, a lady, 60 years of age, had entered the church, and was offered a chair by the verger. She declined, but, pointing to a gentleman not far off, she inquired whether he was not M. Jean, the well-known solici tor. On receiving an affirmative reply, she walked quickly up to him, pushing aside the persona in her way, and, drawing a revolver ' from her pooket, fired point blank at M. Jean three snccesslve shots. He was killed on tbe spot. When her viotim had fallen, a man close by Madame de Boquefort attemp ted to disarm her, hut she threatened him with her revolver, and then lirud two more j shots at the dead body. Bho was seised and , hnnded over to tbe polioe, and was almost immediately examined by the public prosccutor, who, It appears, failed to obtain from her any confession concerning the motives which prompted her to commit the crime. It is believed she has been suffering from temporary insanity. H. Jean was a highly esteemed solicitor, and related to many of the best families in the town. Hampton Coubt Palace Ghobts.— The Psj cbical Society, if it be in need of any ghosts to lay (eav Home Aeuw), should turn its attention to Hampton Conrt Palace. A resident in the Palece informs the Daily Graphic that even to-day— at this latter enu of an unbelieving century — the doors ot Hampton Court still open and shut to the touch of ghoBtly fingers, and some of the rooms still resound to ghostly revelry in the small hours of the morning. Jane Seymour, it appears, is one of the most restless of these vagrant spirits. Her voice is bo often heard that it has become quite well known to vhe living listeners, while her habit ot polling away pillows from under the heads of sleepers must go far lo ensure .hqr.a hear ing, even among tho leabt.wakefod. ^Another of King Henry the Bighty's jtwm, Anne Botcyn, ooallueo herself, apparently, to what io known in theatrical parlajaicffuf.' walk ing.' She, poor lady, howbver, unable to reEt in her grave, would hardly be more comfortable for a pillow, Nevertheless, even her silent protest against tbe ancient injustice of her Boyal husband has been sufficient to deprive one of tho residents to day of ihe services of a cook. Tbe good woman was not unwilling to oblige— indeed, in ber last sitnation she had carried her complaisance so fur as to act as nurse to a mistress 'who was inflicted with haricot veins'— but she protested there was a limit to all things, and not all the goodwill in the world could induce her to stay in a place where 41 Ann Bullion walked, and ghusts were so harbaciocs.' In fact tbe same old story that has been told of scores of old houses is told again to-day of Hampton Court. Figures are distinctly seen to glide through the walls; locked doors areopencd ; strange noises are heard, and sleepers are awakened by nightly visitants. Eouthebwood's Coach to Beacons field leaves Cornwall Hotel on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays 2 p.m, Leaves Beaconsfield 8 a.m. alternate days. Parcels carefully attended to. Fares, 8s return. W. J. Southebwood, Proprietor, Lefroy coich daily li a.m. from Cornwall Hotel. The Progressive Liberal Association warn electors not to pltdge their votes at the forthcoming Parliamentary elections until they have ascertained the names and opinions of all the candidates. W. T. Bell and Co., Limited, notify their intention to apply for permission to sell and store i-kins at their mart, Charles-street. Hogers and Piismall invite members Tamar Yacht Club to the opening of their tobacconist shop, 118 Et. John-street. Mr Abraham Barrett will deliver a free lecture on ' Tbe Land Qaestion,' in the Mecbanict-' Institute H&11, to-night, Mr W. G. Porter, oi tho Imperial Bakery, Charles- street, notifies that, notwithstanding the disastrous fire at his premises, tbe supply of bread iB being made as usual. Two unclaimed c^blusraus, addressed 'Endurance, Perth, Tasmania,' and ' Miss Norman, York-atr«?t,' are lying at tbe local Telegraph Officc awaiting owners, 