SPORTING NOTES. Tho Williamatown Racing Club hold a moot ing to-day, which, if the weather be favorablo, abould bo productive of eomo interesting racing. There aro toven events on tbo card, the first of whioh is timed to start at 2 o'clook and the last at S.1S, and the majority of the races promise to ho well oontostod by satisfactorily strong fields. Arrangements havo been made for a special train to leave Spcnccr-strcot with horsos and passen gers at 11.30, other specials for passengers only following ot 12.7, 12.28, 12.40, 1.2 and 1.15. Tho following scratohings havo boen notified in oonnection with tho Williamatown races, whioh take place to-day Hurdlo Race, Stam- boul and Binokthorn ; Spring Handicap, Stra- lian ; Selling Stcoplecheso, Bllstor ; all engage ments, Ooldreef. The spring meeting of tho Australian Jockey Olub eommcnoes at Randwiak to-day, and latest advices by wiro from ARmodous, of The Leader , who hasgono over to Sydney specially to attend tlio meeting, prognosticate a most suooessful gather ing. It is somowhat disappointing to find only fivo roinnining in tbe A.J.O. Derby, but tho other events in to- day's programme pro- miso to be contested by strong flolds. A great number of visitors from tlio various oolonies aro in Sydney, prepared to assist at tho mooting, and the arrival of Sainfoin's owner upon tlio sceno has mado tho Caulfleld horse a strong favorite for tlio Kpsom Uandioap, Brocklcigh boing next in domand. Projcctilo would have boon backed at 2 to 1 for the A. J.O. Derby yos- terduy, but tile prion was not obtainable. Mr. W. R. Hull's colt DI'Xawakb, by Trenton — Gonosto, wbo won the Second Nursory Handi- run nf. Mi A..T,f!. Anf»tmq mrtv «»fFr»nfc a surprise by upsetting tbo favorite. In connection with tho complaints mado by truinors nnd jockoyH about baiug kept waiting outaido tbe V.R.C. ofTico for fivo hours ou Tuesday, wliilo applications for registration were being considered, the following explana tion bas been mado by tbo V. R.O secretary : — Tho sub-committee inet at 12 o'clook, but tho matters to bo considered proved to be of auoh importnnoo that it was dcoidod to summon tlio full committee, which was done, and the wholo matter laid before them at 3.30. The business was dealt - with by the whoio coinmittoo, whoso sitting lasted until after 5 o'clock. It wan on this account that trainors and jockeys wuro kept waiting all day, and in his memorandum ou the subject Mr. Moore adds "Tho issues wore of suoh importance, that in tho intcre»tH of tlioso who do run straight it was un avoidable." There is certainly no doubt that tho ; business to bo dealt with roquirod grave and care ful consideration, but it is not quite apparent that the straightgoets who had no blaok marks ngairitfithem need have bocn summoned to attend at ull. Tbo method appoarB at any rate to bo oa()ablc of considerable improvement. It wua cleariy notified yesterday that many trainers and jockeys to whoso registration there is no likelihood of objeotion being taken had not yot applied for lioeticos, and that many names have yot to be added to the list of thoso passed as tlio result of one day's application. Yesterday, howover, there appeared to be still some misapprehension about the matter, and it inay therefore be as well to explain to thoso who may have seen lists at tlioV.R.0. afiioo that many names had bcou crossed through, not becaueo they had been refused registration, but merely bucauso they had not maue application. Tlio absence of tho names of T. Corrigan and V. M'Gowan from the list of registrations already mado is quite sufficient to show that the absentee list is not a black' one Doubtless tho number of trainors aud jockeys registered will be considerably increased shortly. It may be noted that E. Power and J. E. Brewer, two of tho best horsoinon in tho land, have been contented to register as trainers, but not as jookcys. The we)l known racehorse Seacombo broke a blood vessel wbilegalloping at Caulfield on Thurs day, nnd died yesterday. Ho was ownod by S. Griffiths, of Mulvcrn, and when thoroughly well wat a very smart little horse, as shown by his many good suburban performances. Suacombe was 7 years old, by The Diver from Noll Bolam. Iu yachting circles (says our Now York correspondent under dace of 12tli August) there is much disappointment at the poor fierfotmance of th« American yacht Navnhoe n English waters. The Navahoo seems to have been on unlucky boat from the start. Sbo had some slight mishaps heforo she was finished, and more serious ones afterwards. Shortly after she wont into oommLaion she ran nsbovo, but it was on a sandbank, and she waa going slowly with a vory light wind, and conse quently the yacht suffered no serious damage. Then she cuine near being wrecked in a collision at uight, an accident which does not seem to have boon anybody's fault, although it was quite a serious consequence to til oho concerned in It. In oue of her trial races before she left for tho other side of tho Atlantic she carried away her topmast and suffered other injuries, although she was in a breeze so light that nothing of the kind was expected. Yachtsmen who arc iuclined to bo superstitious account for the ill luck of the boat by declaring that she is a "hoodoo," and will nover have Any good luck as long as sho is afloat. Werotfbe to bo brought hoie now and offered for sale it is probable that she would bring a very low price. Of course no man with any sparkof superstition in him would have the Navaboe at any price, nnd even those wbo arc not superstitious would not care to have a boat with a reputation for bad luok. Very fow people of to-day believe in ghosts and super natural things of that sort, but how many oi us unbelievers would be willing to walk alone through a grave yard on a dark night? Preparations aro steadily going on for the great raco in October for the America's cup. The report comes from Boston that Mr. Painc's yacht JubUoe, which was built to take part in the trial races to sclcot a defender for the Amerioa'u Cup, has proved to bo a failure, and she will not be entored in the trial raoes. Cer tainly she made a very poor showing against tho otiier Boston boat Pilgrim when they had a small brush in Boston Harbor recently. The cutries for the trial races were supposed to have closed on 1st August, but in poiut of fact tho committee may accept entries nt any time and oven if Jubilee abould nob sail in the trial races she could still be oliorien a defender if, in her meetings with the other three nail boats, she should prove to be faster than any of them. . There is a general desire to select the very best boat that can bo chosen for competition against Valkyrie, and it is safe to say that all of the four boats which have been built for this raco will sail against eaoh other nt every opportunity. Pending tho result of the great ruco when it comes off in October it is vory certain that Earl Dunravun will be royally entertained, at least as royally as enturtaiumonts can bo in a Re public. 