Many people hava marvelled at the possibility of Sir George Dibbs obtain-. ing so prominent a position in the plitical arena of New South Wales. Others have also wondered how he has managed to setain his ascendancy over contending factions among his own party. Those who are hostile to the presnt Premier, in season and out of season, have no doubt had their minds poisoned against him by the Press, Sir Henry Parkes is another politician upon Whole a seetion of the press has, always, without rhyme or reason, vented its tutmost viciousnese. It is a good thing to bo definite and decisive when political -issues are presented, but it is a symplorm of mental and moral deficiency to deny an adversary his due. Thosd who libel Parkee and damn Dibbs are gene:ally those who would quickly applaud either politician if they had an opportunity of hoarinlhim at his best. ,Parkes seldom fails to carry an audienco with him by the sheer fetces of his eloquence and magnetio fire. Dibbs is likewise gifted mentally, but he has far more magnet ism than Parkos. It is this magnetism which carried him through numberless difficulties and places him at the head of his party; and it is this quality which has won for him generous and hearty roceptions in the north. It is now quite on the cards that Sir George will contest either Bmngora or Inverell, and his trip to the Gwydir district has proved an excellent electioneering campaign. Mr. HTassall is undoubtedly a successful Government whip, and if he can "whip in" the head of the Government in the coming campaign he should be given the leather medal of proficiency. The most important pronouncement of Sir George Dibbs during his election 1oil6g oepedition into the north was bie declaration against the tax being placed on lhnd to such an extent that revonueo will not bo required from any other sourco. Sir G0eorgCo, with unaccutomcd cutoeness, has grouped the frrotradei s in one camp-the singlo-tax camp. This may be gain to tho party led by Mr. Reid, but it is scarcely genorous to tho party of Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Bruce Smith and Sir Henry Parkes. Mr M'Millan is an honest freetrader, but be does not accept the diotum of Henry George, that land values are the only legitimate prey of the tax collectors. He thinks the citizen whose estate is represented by deposit receipts and scrip generally should assist in the strength ening of the national finances, Sir Henry Parkes has given expression to somewhat similar views. Mr. Bruce Smith is known to be antagonistio to any form of land taxation, and he does notfavour an income tax. Possibly he has some revoenue-producing policy known only to himself, The Premier saye those who would tax the holding of the farmer and remove the duty on grain are Darling-pea struck. Sir George is certainljy mak!ag another bid for renewal of offine. Mr. Reid's newly developed fondness for the single tax has frightened the mulitude a ho own land, and the freetrade split is the other party's opportunity. Freetradere who are not single-taxers must view with great concern the introduction of a dis turbing element into their ranks. A fair fight on the fisdecal iassue is impossaibt when electors cannot with accuracy eastimate the effeot of a vote. It is hard to say which party has suffered the more by the recent pronouncements of their leaders. The democratic protectionisto have not forgotten the Ponrith opeecbh, and the freetraders proper have nuct for gotten 1Mr, Reid' perversion. We are now told by the Premier that the main issue to be fought out at the next general elootions is Freetrade v. Protection. The fiscal flage w't be waved in the breeze, and the elh.oe ra will be treated to the ghosts of forgotten foots and the speotree of lost figures. The platitudes which were once haply interred will, like Hamlot'e father, re visit the surfacoe of the earth, or rather mount the platform and be hurled at the eleotors with all the force of leather lungs and with all the coufidence of the cock-sure pohlitician. It is ead that New South Wales should have to enduro yet another avalanche of ficealiasie; but there is no way out of the difficoulty. Horace Greely once: id "a subject wae never settled until it was settled rightly," and both freetraders and protectiounists agree that the present tariliff is by no means entisfactory. The freetradors abhor it because it is a measure of pro tection, and the protectioniats, repudiate it, and deny it to be protection any more than a load of lhusks is a ton of cous. So we are to understand that the Pre mier has dropped the abolition of pay meoat of members' scheme, and will sink or swim as a protectionist. The free traders have accepted thce ohallenge, and good old orthodox freetrade and the infantile growth--sinmglo ta.-will on gage in a strenuous struggle with the prut3tionists., Let the right begin as soon as possible, and let the better side win, The Labor Party, which is more strictly confined to Newcastle and the metropohlitan conatituenfies, intends to make a gallant effort to gain seats for its candidates in the next Parliament. No reuaesoable objeotion can be raised against a fair representation of labor, but the orottion of a third party iu politioe is a distinct dauger to Dmo- cracy. T?here is no rueouu' to supposu that a straight out protectionist or a straight out freeootrader is lose itubucu with the spirit of DWuooruy than ,.e labor candidate, who is commanded to sink the fiscal question. Although only 35 labor candidates were returned to the present Parliament, the Parliament as a whole supported the Eleotoral Reform Bill almost uuauimously, and the pre coding Pariluteot, hLuch did not con tain more than half-a-dozen labor merm bore, p?eetd the aymout of Moiubozer Bill by a subtotautital najority. .d.en if 'rail eittming " labor uandidatue . re vanquished at the coming elections, the return of a ]Detmocratie -rlarhrment is a certainty. Not more thau hall-a- dozen labor membero in the preeeot AssemblY are competent to mIkhe laws, and pro tably not a higher poreenta.ge of the freetrade and protectionist members have dietiuguiehed themseelves in the present Parliameont. So labor law waketrs have not won any conEiderable aInurola so far. Their pfiet record does not, certainly, entitle them to sit on a ra 1 when the isesuo of the campaign is rreetrade v. protection. The olectore must demand a straight out oxpression of opinion on the fisoal question, or reject the uou-committal candidate. We are all Dmoteratt in this country, and no oandidate muint be permitted to dodge a vital oleteoral 1oei, Tho Ltibour Poity is making ai protdi gious Wfort to ostuthsri a daily riows-, ,paper to be called Thi~ Post. Thu pro jeotors cannot bo coot,'ratolatud on thu namre, as the lootl io the tubo of Londoni's mo~st coUOivitivo print. Thu plant of ithe sileol; Ec1i hIus beon puruhasoed, and the first copy of the now ovening papor may appear in six works' ti:ue, or it may never appear. A wild scramble is now being made for the cditorship, and a lot of people whom li'erary capacity is con fined to an uncgramm'ttic and incoherent " letter to the editor" aro candidatees for the chair. It is possible one of these aspirants will be selected. Fow journal ihte have any deep regard for Radical journalism ; the more lRadioal the journal the more sh?ameful is the jour nalist's remuneration. Bogus liberalism is undeoniably the earthy hell of journal ism. Under the circumstances it is remarkable that nearly every journalist is a Demoorat. But every pressmen yearns for a billet on a onsorvative journal. 