MATRIMONIAL MISHAPS. NEIGHBOUR BROWN'S COSTLY BLUNDER. •ffl^ENRY, what do you think? Mr. Ravensdale is studying for the stage. He has written a play, and says he will read it to us to night," said Mrs. Wilson, somewhat excitedly, as her husband was removing his overcoat. He slopped proceedings, with one arm still in the sleeve of his COSb, to stare at his wife. "Great heavens, Anna, have we got to take this 011 top of the flute 1 Either means insanity, but the two together mean death—cold-fiugered death ! 1 wish you and that heron-proportioned biped to understand that I'm no phonograph, to have every fool in the country yell at and expecting me to repeat to-morrow the utterances I am forced to hear. If the idiot begins any of his rankings around me, he is liable to get his head punched. I have no love for his legship, to begin with. A striking appearauce he would make on the stage ! I will sit out in the barn until the curtain drops," Wilson savagely said. " I know I shall enjoy it, and you would too, only you are envious of his talents," she replied. "Undoubtdly, madam," he sneered, elevating his chin and casting a disdainful glance at his wife. " He laid the plot in Ireland, in the days of ancient chivalry," she explained. " If he had laid it on the fire with that eternal flute, his posterity would have risen up and called him blessed," he growled. The hours slowly passed and supper-time came. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were at the table with their boarder. " We expect to hear that play this evening, and would prefer it in character," said Mrs. Wilson, as they arose from the table at the close of the meal. " Very well I will do my best," answered Ravensdale. He soon made bis appearance, with a long scarlet cloak thrown over his shoulders, white knee pants, black stockings, and a green vest. Dangling at his spurred heel was 4 sword of prodigious length. After reading a few moments, he laid aside his manuscript, and recited the play from memory. Wheeling round to Wilson, and drawing his sword, he shouted : " I am the Ghost of Ancient Chivalry, come to do battle for the down-trodden people of our unhappy land. Do you dare accept the gage?" " You bet your bones I do! And if you will lay down that pruning knife, and come at me with bare knuckles, I will fix you 60 your own folks would not know you from a barrel of mincemeat! No specimen of a centre-pole can whoop-la around my house without hearing from yonrs truly. Put down your prod-pole and face the music," howled Wilson. "Henry Wilson, are you crazy" " Lay down your fish spear, and meet me half-way !" yelled Wilson defiantly. With one long arm extended towards the ceiling, and the other with sword in hand pointing at Wilson, the Ghost of Ancient Chivalry hissed: "Grasshopper! spider! flea! I could crush you with the weight of my little finger ; You are not worthy of my steel!" and with a knightly shrug of his shoulders he strode from the room. Ravensdale's dog came from under the piano, lazily stretched himself and trotted towards the door. With a bound Wilson made a kick at the animal. Had ib struck the object at which it was aimed, it would have driven the dog through the side of the house or broken Wilson's leg. But the dog slipped out of harm's way, and Wilson landed backward on his head in a chair. "I am glad of it! Serves you right! What do you suppose Mr. Ravensdale thinks of you now ?" his wife cried. " Wilson slowly drew himself upon the chair. His right leg stood straight out in front of him, and he held his back with both hands. He gazed at his wife with a mournful expression, and groaned feebly. " What is the matter ?" she asked. " My backbone is broken," he replied. "Nonsense ! If it were you could not move!" " Yes, it is. I can feel the fracture, and I am certain that the two ends of the bone have slipped by each other," he whispered. " Why do you hold your leg out that way ?" " Paralyzed !" he moaned. " Fudge ! You are all right." " Of course I am. I am an indiarubber man. No such thing as hurting me. Nevertheless. this night's work has been the windup of my earthly affairs. The only thing I regret is that I did not kill the idiotic stork I am going to make a new will, and stipulate that if you marry him, every cent will go to found a home for unloved husbands," he exclaimed. " There's aland that is fairer than this," the boarder softly played on his flute. Wilson was on his feet like a jumping jack, and kicked his chair across the room with his paralyzed foot. " That flute seems to have a great healing power for you, my dead," observed his wife. " That fiend must go ! I will pitch him and his outfit from the chamber window"— " There's a good time coming," pealed forth the flute. " It has come right now !" yelled Wilson, starting for the staire. A ring at the door-bell caused him to turn back, and, opening the door, he was confronted by his neighbour, Mr. Brown, who asked him to step outside for a moment. " Henry," he said, " I have always tried to be a good neighbour, and never had any fault to find with you until you made a home for that bean-pole, who cannot sleep without playing a flute to snore by. My wife and I have lain awake nights for three mortal weeks, and slept in the day-time until we imagine we can see flutes as long at the trees they are shipping from California to the World's Fair, and twice as large around, with holes in them like cellars. I shall have softening of the brain, or whooping cough, if ibis not stopped," added Brown, as he despondedly shook his head. " Dear friend of my childhood's days, 1 am a persecuted man, and from the same source. Give me your honoured hand, Brown and then gather all the bricks, stones, and dead cats that are distributed through the alley, and throw them through the window into his room. I will stand all damages," chuckled Wilson. " Honest ?" questioned Brown. " Shure thing ! Land a few alongside of his elongated head, and I will stand the cigars. Pump them in thick ! never mind the glass; it's my house," said Wilson, patting Brown encouragingly on the shoulder. " I will do it by jocks !" said Brown. Wilson went back into the house, and with a merry twinkle in his eyes threw himself on the lounge. " Who was that?" inquired Mrs. Wilson. "A man to see me ou business," was Wilsons short reply. " Meet me by moonlight," came in dulcet tones from the flute. It was quickly followed by a crash of glass, and a heavy substance fell 011 the chamber floor. " What was that!" cried Mrs. Wilson, sprinjjiug to her feeU J " It's onlv your chum, the Irish Ghost. I rehearsing," giggled Wilson. j The music began again, and the gia-:- Ijecran to rattle. ! Thump ! bang! in quick succession, on j after another, several missiles dropped «i | Llie floor and pounded the wall. "Someone is breaking your windows yelled the boarder from the head of the stairs. "Breaking your windows, are they;'' inquired Wilson, running up the stairs. " No, it is in the other room,'' replied the boarder. ; " What," yellerl Wilson, rushing to the i door, to find the floor covered with stone ] and glass. Both windows were demolished j and the plastering was broken 111 several ! places. j " The old fool has been bombarding the j wrong windows ! Brown will go down in his j pocket and pay for this ! Idiot! coward j Wilson ejaculated, rushing down the stairs. " This comes of your musical hoarder !" growled Wilson, addressing his wife, "lie will pay dearlv for this job !" " Who did it ? W ho will pay for it ?" cried Mrs. Wilson. " That long- necked boarder !" he yelled. " Why do you nob go out and see who it was?" she asked. " I suppose you think the rioters are waiting to be recognized. I am going to bed. The consarned fool !" Wilson muttered to himself. " All Brown knows is to raise a goat." "I just believe Henry Wilson engaged someone to do it, and his agent has broken the wrong windows," she mused, eying her husband curiously. 