' THE LITTLE GREY NURSE. ., BT/MART Lmow. CHAPTER I. THE GREIT ??RSE. It was a strange chain of circumstances that led me to renounce my bachlorhood, and enter into the holy state of matrimony. I, John Martyn, M.D., M.RC P., after thrty-four years of sweet, unrestrained liberty. in less than thirty-four hours, suc cumbed completely to the fascinations of a certain fair little woman of whom you will hear anon. "Come down for a week, Jack," Gregory Ormond had said that eventful December. "I know you enjoy a bit of shooting and hunting and I can give you both." I was extremely fond of both sports, bu' they were not sufficient to tempt me ' spend the-week with Ormond at his-ne old place in H-- hire. There was something about Ormost that clashed with my finer feelings. te was very well as a club cquainta-e, but I could neverdream of classing .in with my friends. Perhaps the ugly rrnOur afloat as to his private life had sething to do with this prejudice. A man who is repored to have wooed and wedded a young i.experienced girl for her money and tien neglects and ill treats her, is not the man I could call friend and love as a brother. "No thanks, Ornond," I replied, civilly enough. "I really do not think I could leave my pratice. Im particularly busy just now." "Nonsense, old man, why do you keep two vssistants if you cannot trust your practice in their hands for a week ? Look hers, if the shooting and hunting are noý a suffiient draw, let me tell you that Pro fassor Wagstaffe is to be one of my guests. Come, now, don't you want to meet him ?" I pricked up my ears and flashed my eyes into his face with sudden but intense interest. He was smiling and watching me with a cunning little sneer in his eyes. "Well ?" he inquired. "I'll come," I answered cooly. "Pro fessor Wagstaffe is the one man above all men at present that I long to meet; I have b-en introduced to him, but have never had the pleasure of conversing with him " " Yo will have any amount of oppor tunities down at my place," said Ormond, carefully flicking the ash from his cigar. "I think you ill like him, he is a god sort of a fellow." So, thrcugh the medium of one of the most celebrated scientists of that day, I went duwn to Gregory Osmond's ancestral home, was the means of discovering one of the most cruel and unnatural crimes ever premeditated, and also met and won my wife. It was in the evening of the fourteenth of December that I arrived at Ormond pall. It was a cold raw-night outside, and Swhen I enteredthb frasrant wrmth of the dimly-lighted ent-ance hall I wa' fain to stay my footstes beside the blazing fire before proceedisg farther. " Tell yor master that I have arrived A and wos'd like to see him if ha is at -les'y," I said, addressing a grave elderly manservant who stood respectfully by my side. The man bowed and glided nway and I was left the sole occupant of the msanifi cent old hall. I warmed myself and looked ab ut me curiously. "Surely Ormond is a lucky dog," I thought, as I surveyed the carved oaked walls and grand staircase and the splendidly painted ceiling with a critical and covetous eye. I brought my gaze down from the gorgeous ceiling with a start. Someone was slowly and hesitatingly descending the wide staircase. Not my host, as I first thought it migl:t be, but a dainty little grey-clad figure, with a snowy cap resting upon her golded head, and snowy linen at her throat and wrists. I gazed blankly into the little p.a' face and sorrowful d rk eyes, and stool spellbound before the fire, as the tir y slippered feet, peeping beneath the white apron, slowly and hesitatingly touched each stair. She reached the last step, a'.d then, as I moved forzard impulsively, she turned again, and, like an arrow from a bow, sped swiftly up the wide staircase and was lost from my sight I g zed ruefully up the gloomy staircase. " Whata lovely little nurse ;" I murmured, and then 1 wondered who Ormond had ill in the house. Not his wife certainly, for she, poor girl, so rumour said, was recruit ing her shattered health and nerves in the south of France. Perhaps one of the servants. but Ormond would scarcely engage an hospital nurse to attend upon a dometic. Still msing thoughtfully, Jack Ormond himself appeared, and I determined to ask him. I was unable to carry out my resolve, however, for my host gree-ed me loudly and warmly, and gave me but little charce to put in a word lis handsome face was flushed, and his manner was bu-yant and gay in the extreme, contrasting strangely, so it seemed to me, with the haggard wildnesss of his eyes and the worried. anxious expression of his whole countenance. * Glad ycu have csme, Jack!" he cried effusively, "let me show y yoyour room. Profesor Wagstaffe is dying to know you." CHAPTER II. THE PROFESSO0 . Gregory Ormon, had collected his hruse party with better tastr and discrimination than I gave him credir for, but, nn deubtedly, Beatrice Stanley, Ormonds married sister, had a great deal to do with the selection. . Handstme Mrs Stanley wa-s no farvcrte of mine, but I acknowledge' her tact and cleverness as I glnce .i critically round the company of brilliant men and women collected together in the drawing-room. I koew most of them, but my interest was chiefly centred in the man I had so long wished to become personally acquainted with, Professor Wagstaffe. He was a tall, fine man, between fifty sand sixty years of age, with a splendid head and face, and a pair of the most wonderful e}es I have ever seen in any mna's Lace. Dark brown in colour, soft, tender, and dreamy, yet brilliant, and piercing with intelligence and gR nius. His voice was singulariy sweet and caressing, and his smile so kindly, that 'even little children who had never seen him before went to him in-tinctively. In dress he was somewhat slovenly, as men of genius are sometimes, but in the most shabby and antiquated coat imagin able, he still looked what he undcubtedly was-a gentleman. He welcomed me kindly, ant patiently listened to mymodet theories and opinions, answered my numerouna questions fuiay and painstakingly, and, in fact, treated ms so well that before half-an-hour had elapsed any adm-iration had grown into positive reverence,aUd I became his devoted tollower and champion fiom that time forward. Vt dinner the conver;ation turned upon ghosts. I think it was Heatrice Stanley, who was playing hostess in her n.Tsnal im msculate style, sho began it, and the subject was taken np esgely.- . " 'll lay ten to one that our ghost is the prettiest and most originl family ghost that ever haunted a house !" cried Gregory Ormond. excitedly. "Pretty I" chorused the ladies. " Lovely, I should say. None of your withered up old hgs3, or dishevelled, moaning females, but a demure little grey hospital nurse, with golden hair, soft dsrk eyes, and a sweet, pale face. She is our ghost, ladies and gentlemen!" "Nonsensnse" every one cried, scofiingly, and I hastened to raisamy glass to my lipS to hide my emotion, truating? that no one had noticed my violent start ws Ormod had de-oribed the family ghout to M. "No nonsense, I can assure youn an swered Gregory with more warmth than was necessary, so it seemed to me. 'I have seen her myself, and so have Beatrice and the servants. I have only desc'ibed her to you so that you will know he- when you meet her." Some of the women shrieked nere, and raising my eyes from my plate I met the a.ft, bright gaze of the Preeessor's eyes bent earnestly upon Ie. felt myself colour up, and to hid' my .mbirrassment, I said quickly: , SDoyou b?tervein ghoste, Professor:" lie smile'. blr replied with his usual kind promritd.": SIn yýr old family ghosts who have been -aderini over and over one house for arration and generation, certainly not 5ut I do believe that if you wish it, Scan bring back the spirit of anyone you €e ju't for one brief, sweet in-tant." I think everybody round the table :hanged colour. I know I dd, and Gregory 3rmond went livid. It was not the words xicetly that affected us, but the solemn olood-eurdling manner in which the Pro .essor utter.d them. "I always thought Wagetaffe was cranky, Sam convinced (f it now," muttered a voice at my elbow, and I turned indignantly to my 1. ft-hand neighbour, a little pale, in significant man with an habitual disagree able expression upon his fasc, and a dis ;ustingly cross-grained manner with him. I knew him slightly. He was Beatrice Stanley's husband. "Cranky chap." he repeated, nodding his head teward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on. " But. Professor," Ormond was saying, in an exoited, injured way. "surely you believe in our family ghost when I tell you that I have seen her myself! " " My dear boy," answered the Professor, good-huoionredly, " I do not dispute your word but I must see your ghost myself before I believe." -' Then you will be convinced soon, for you will b snme to see her before many days, or perhaps hours, have passed," de lared Ormond, triumphantly. "Pr fessor," I said diffidently, "pardon me, but yon raid. just now that you be ioved if we wishel we could bring back the pirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove this to us ? " " Bosh!" came in a hoarse-wehiper from my little left-hand neighbour. I turned still farther from him, and met the kindly glance of the Professor. " Certainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it." There was a general polite murmur of assest, though I kn-w more than one fair dame was shaking in her slippers with euperatitious horror. " It was when I was a young min at college," began the Pro fessor, his eyes upon the sherry glass he was .twiting in his fingers. I had returned about a week to Oxford after the Long Vacation when I received the news that my mother had died quite eaddenly. my Lamn, the last upon her lips. Now, just befre 1 aving home, I had displeased my mother in smin way, and she had lectured me, somewhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was I at this that I w,uld not speak to her for twodays, and even at the moment of parting 1 refused to kiss her. '* Kiss me, my own dear boy,' she had pleaded; but I was hard as flint, and putt ing her loving arms from my neck, I urned away and left her and never saw her again." The Professor paused fir one second, bis fce wonderfully tender, sad, and regretful. " You can imagine my grief and horror when I heard the tidings. To my dying lay I shall never forget those first bitter ucurs. I threw myself down in my room and prayed that she might come back again to me for the kiss I and refused to give her. Day after lay, night after night, this was my one arayer '*iod, let her come back for one moment that I may kiss her.' " At last one night my passionate prayer was grasni.d." The Professor paused again, and a shudder passed rnood the table. " It was a beautiful summer night, light is day, with the moonlight streaming over he room. I lay in my bed, my pssionate pleading prayer upon my lips, when in the itream of moonlight, my mother came toward me with outstretched hands, and a glad fond smile upon her face. ' She was dressed jast as I had seen her many tim s ; there was nothing unearthly or supernatt. al about her. -* Mother I" I cried loudly, silting up in bed, 'oh, mother! have you come for my kies Mjther, mother, say you forgive me." " She cEme closer to me until 1 felt her lear arms about me and her lips upon mine." "I forgive you, my dear, dear boy. God bltes you," she whi-pered. I clung to h-'r passionsto y, and poured out all my pent up repentanc:, regret, and love, in kisses upon her beloved fsce. " Dar.ino, godd-bye," she cried, " and then I f.lt her arms wi hdraw from me, and I fell back upo· my pillows in a swoon. When I came to mysefr some minutes afterwards the monligh; was streaming in as serenoly as ever, anA not a sign was there of a super natural oibitati,,n." The Professor ceased, and we all drew our brtaths sharply. I felt rather than saw that jainty lare handkerchiefs were b ing used rathtr freely on the other side of the tab.e, but I did not raise my eyes from my plate, where they had rested thioughout the Pro lesor'l story. . Sensational beoh I Had ss a slarch hare I Ooght to nave been locked up ages ago 1" grlute, my cros-.grained left- hani com pauion. 'Very pretty and touching; thank you, Professor," cried Beatrice Stanley sweetly, giving tot: laaies the signal to rise at the same time. *'Don'; you believe in him; he is an old fraud," .bispi'red Mrs Stanley'. little ceo of \+ husbsand, as the ladies left the room. " H is a wolf in sheep's clothing. I know him," wih a diabolical lier ; " on'tyoa have any thing to do wih him." "When I rsqsire your advice I will ask you for ic, Mr Stanley," I replied coldly, turning away from him. CHAPTEB IIIL WAS SHE A GHOST? It was strange that twice in one night I .aw the pretty little nurse ghost of Ormond I had with great diplomacy, so I thought, inveigled the Professor into a scientific argn ment, and long after the other men had de parted to their respective bedrooms we had sat in the snug smoke-room, talking and smoking. It wai closa on three o'clock in the morning when we lighted our candles and wendet our way ap the grand staircase. "So you do not believe in Ormond's family ghost, Professor P" I said, in a subdued voice, as we climbed slowly up side by aide. Hlie laughed gently. "1 did not say so, but I should like to see her." We had reached the top, and 1 saw, just as he spoke, advancing swiftly towards us the little grey figure I had seen about eight hours previously. I grasped the ?rofessor's arm excitedly, and motioned towarda her. With the utmost coolness he drew me gently on one side, so that she could passtsa on her way downstairs, and even in my excitement I noticed a little smile playing round his lips. The flutter ing white apro. almost touched me as she flitted past us, and ay heart beat sith ad dotional rapidity as I met the sorrowful, pleading dark eyes. She tid not glance at ihe Professor, and I noticed after sht had passed ua that he had kept wellin the back ground, my burly figure almiot entirely hiding him, "Olmond should not al'ow his prettyllttle ghost to winder about this tlmean the morn ing," he cried sarcaatically, looking over my shoelder; "twclvo o'clock is the proper time for a ghost's constitutional." There was a note in the Professor' vole~ that jarred upon me, and I turned spon ?y eel shay,7. "Wbat ha Ogoond todo wti ir " *:.roYv!l. al laugheid acRr., ati I I -':i '.ilb hie.at hli tLdruou door some S'.it ; asl "l:nly itei Ucoujnir a shadowof anything ghostly or supernataral about it. I went straight to my fire, poked it savagely, and then sat down for half-an hour's smoke and think, before turning in. When I threw away the end of my last cigarette and rose to my feet to prepare for bed, I sai. to myself with an audible chuckle: "Ormond should have obtained a more appropriate uniform whan he obtained his little ghost nurse. I wonder if the u.-pital nurses of a hundred years ago (if there were any) wore the same uniform, neat little caps and aprons included, as they do in ihis eminently prastical ago of ours! Ah, Ormond, you are not half sharp enough for an old practitioner like my self." Still chuckling ani feeling mightily pleased at my discovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty grey hospital nurses, noble-faced Professors, and weird ghost stories. The following day a shooting party was organised, and I was one of the number, We had a capitol day's sport, and it was not until the dusk was beginning to fall that we wended our weary steps homeward. Either by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter, Beatrice Stanley's husband attached himself to me, lighted his pipe at mine, and trudged on steadily by my side. I made one or two general remarks about the day's sport, then lapsed into silence, too tired to exert my self to talk to such a moody companion. Presently with extraordinary abruptness and irrevelance he said: " I woner what the old lunatic. has been up to to-day " I turnel and surveyed himin amozemtnt. " Who?" I asked coldly. "Your Professor. I shuld like to know what outrage to society and the human race at large he is planning now. He has some thing in his wiAked old head, I know. Some d)nanitu outrage or big poisoning case, or something." " if you cannot speak t'ulhfully and re aptclfully of one ot the greatest men of the age, you had belter not speak of him at all,' I Eaid st'inly. "Now, look here, lartyn." cried the little man energetically, laying his hand on my arm," you believe in this old fraud and I do not, .hat ;s the difference. He is a crazy, unscrupulous old villnin. I know more ot him than you do, my boy ; I believe he would sell his soil, the old fool, in the 'interest of ec.ence,' iL he calls it." " 1 tin k yon ashoul explain yolraelf more fully, Sta Uey," I said suilly ; "come, what have you agaiest the I'roleauor!" " 'vis'i I could tell you, Mart)n, but I dare not; 1 know only a little of his dark deeds ant evil ways, Beatries knows more and Ormond more sull. I am only warning you, lad, don't cultivate a wolf in sheep's clothing for a friend; be may turn louan anu b:te you when yoa least txpect it." J made no reply, I was deeply annoyed and uneasy. Of course I did not believe what he had just said, but still the words had been spoken and were destined to rankle in my heart; the seeds of soubt hal been asjwn and already the glamour that hal tu circled the Prefibsrr in my eyes was begin ning to faie. on reaching the Hail, I safely deposited my gun and trappinge, ant leaving tue rest smoking in tae iittle amoke-room, mounted the stoirs to my room. I entered wearily and was making my way towarsr the ire place wuae my eyes lighted upon a twisted uit of white note-paper lying on my dretssig lable. I took it up and looked asit caurniy. tt wRa sadesses to " Dr. John It?,rn " an a pretty, clear, feminine handwriting. I ininu. it over and over, a preseuliment ot bhe truth gradually dawning upin me. I untwisted it and thn treal its contents with mingled feeliogs: " You are a doctor and a gentleman, and I think you w ill no0 rel ui me your advice nud help. CAn)n oumeesme this veningin thewet terrace at nine o'clock I It is a matter of lile and death (Signed) '* TLE G EY NURSE." "Here's a now fv')e do I hoele's a pretty melt I' quao;- I excited:y. " Certainy, my pretty gley curse, I will meet you witn the greatest of pieaiure. Surely I was born under a lucky star." I had not been in the ho.se much over forty-eight hour. and yet, hele Iwas already looking :agersy forward to keeping an appointment with a sweetly pretty, mys. terlons little personage known as the " grey nurse." " I wonder how she got to know my name and proftssion," I mused; "bat I daressy she has seen me somewhere before. Gova nces knows what institution she belongs to. D)ar little thing I fancy her picking me out to help her I'' 1 was aroused from my pleasant and flatter ing musiugs by the ninner-nell, an Ihaatened to change my shooting things for the orthodox innurer dress. "I wonder what she thinks of me l" I murmiued complacently, as I tied my tie in front of toe glass, " he must like me or she would not trust me." I ate my dinner that evening almost wihout a word. My thoughts were too ousy with the little grey nurse and ner note, 1) ing so snugly in my breast pocket, so talk even Lo the hanusome, witty woman whom 1 had taken in to dinner. Sue tried perseveringly to engage me into a couvebsation, but each time I answered so absently ani aasurdly that at last, with a charming scrug and paut, she gave it up. 'L1 give it up, doctor," she said, "it is about as oilieult to make a pig talk as you to-night," 1 avologised hastily and humbly, and Beatrice Stanley took up the afftar. " A penny for your thoughts, Mr Martyn; do they concern the pretty grey nurse, pray " 1 looked into her handsome sneering face and wondered dreamily why she hated me so. "Yonr family ghost, do you mean," I in. quired; "no, my thoughts jilst then were with the hlving, not the aeaa." " What do you think of her now, Jack l" asked Ormond, careleisly. " Have you seen her 1" inquired my fair companion, eagerly, and I felt a number of beautiful interts.ed eyes instantly laslen enemselves upom my impassive countenance. " Yes, 1 did, and so did the Professor," I replied calmly, and the number of pretty eyes were at once removed from my face to thae of the Professor, I was very glad that Beatricee Stanley at that moment gave the signal to nse 1 was sick of the dinner and the endlhss cnatter, a?i 1 was anxious to get away as eoon as possible. Tnis was not very soon, however. I had the greatest difficulty ingetting out of a scien titic argument with the Professor, I managed by some means to wrigglo out of it, and to hand him over to Ormoni, and when they were fatrly in it I slipped quietly away. I obtained an overcoat and cap from the cloak loom, and justas thehand of my watch was on the figare nine, I closed the hall door after me and stepped out into the bright troty night. CHAPTER IV. THB GREY NURSE SPEAKS. As I crossed the bright, glittering grounds I inwardly wished the moon under a cloud, or anywhere except satiling calmly across the cloudltss sky. I hurried as quickly as possible to the west terrace, knowing bthat when I could reash.ila shelser I should be (erfectly safe from pry uig eyes, as the west side of the Hall was almost entirely uninhabited. The west ter-. race was also, fortunately, in the shadow, and I heaved a sigh of relief when I had left the moonlight befhnd me. I looked eagerly before me as I stiode along, and my pulses bounded as a alender, grey- cloaked figore stepped from behind a stone statue and stood before me. I stopped short, and raised my cap, "Have I kept you waiting I 1 must apolo glse if I have," I said, trying to spear as coobul and carelessly as I could. Rho came close to 'me, und lifted a pale, agitated faca. " Keep close in the shadow of the walls, and speak low," she whispered. As sheapoke she drew ae awith alendie white figen int the shadow of the massive. ivy-colored wall.. "We shall be safe for half.an.honr, at an) rate." she went on rapidly. "I must tell you what Ijhave to in as short a time as I can." She pan-ed, and drew a long qciverhlg breath, and I felt that she was trembling violently. Poor little thing I I was sorry in my heart for her, and, drawing nearer to her. I tdok her little shaking hand and drew if through my arm. "There," I said, patting it gently, "now trust me entirely, and tell me everything." " I know you well by repute, and I have seen you once beforein London ; thatis why I have chosen you to confie my terrible story to. I cannot tell you how glad I ynal when I recognised you last night in the hall. I knew 1 had found someone at last who would help us." She paused for breath, and then, lowering her voice still more, continued rapidly : " I must tell you my story as quickly as possible, Gregory Ormond's poor wife is hidden away in the west portion of the hall, and is being gradua'ly and most cruely mur dered by her own husband and a friend of his." 1 uttered an exclamation of horror and amazement, and she went on without heed ing me: " I am supposed to be here nursing her for paralysis. But, great Heavnl 1 am as powerless to help and save her from the creel, but sure, death that is gradually overtaking her as a child unborn. I want your help-I must have it." Sheapoke passionately, and clasped my arm with two clinging little nands, turning her beautiful dark eyes on to my sympathetic face. " But I thought she was in Italy," I said, bhe male a gesture of impatience. " SB it is supposed by outsiders. But the Stauleys and the servants now that she is in the house; they imagine that she is dying fromgradual paralysisof the brain and limbs. Doctor, it is a lie I" I started, but only pressed her hand; and she went on : " When I came here about six weeks ago Mrs Ormond was as well as I am, except for a strange wcaknrso and lassitude. Now I have to feed her, lift her in and out of bed, and dress her. She has lost nearly all the use if her limbs, besides which she is gradu ally, day by day, losing her reason. Every day she grows more simple, more insane. Oh I doctor, it is terrible to watch her S.ve her before it is too late." For the moment I thought the little grey nurse was about to break down, but, con quering her hysterical motion pluckily, she continuel her story : " D ctor, I cannot bring forth positive proofs but my professional experience ast, instinct tells me that the poor thing is being poisoned. It is not an ordinary poisoning case either, unch a one as we meet with very often in the hospitals, but it is full of horri ble mystery, cruel crime, and norror. DJc. tor, do you believe that anyone can be poi sonoel by injection I" " Certainly," 1 rep'ied promptly. " And do you know of any slow. insidionu, but deadly poison that. injected in any po! tion of tue b dy, gradually paralyses both mind and body but leaves no luspiclon of poison, or anything beyond the ordinary state of nature I" I shook my head, but said thocghtfully: 'No, I know of none; but I have no doubt whatever that there is such a poison existing, and that it will be ciscovered some day. But. tell me. if you are in constant attendance upon this unhappy lady. what chance has her husband to inject the poison, as you suspect he does I" She shook her head and shivered, ' I do not know. He comes to see her regularly once a week, but I never leave her whilat he is there. Hi posesses a key to her looms, however, anti I think the diabolical mistchif ic done whilst I am away some tinms, taking a breath of fresh air oat here on the terrace, or fetchirg things I requirn from downstairs. The servants are not allowel to wait upon me, yos know; if they bring a bucket of coal to the door it is as mach asthey dare do They are all old, well paid servants. and they rusp'ct no evil. They think, like Beatrice Stanleyand hrr husband, that poor Mrs Ormnd is gradually dying under tee grievous affliction of para lysis of the bodr and the brain. She is, too, bat from foul, not natural, means." " Well, what do you want me to dol,' I asked, as she paused. " I want you to examine her. You are a medical man, ani you can do so with safety. Then if you find my suspicions are correct, give information to proper authorities and have the matter well looked after. If you will not, help me to get away and I will expose them myself." she added passionately; "surely there is justice even for us poor women I" " Hush I" I cried quietly ; "now you are talking nonsense. Trust me, I will do every. thing thit is right. Tell me, is there any mark to show that an injection has ever taken place '' "Yes," she answered eager'y, "a little round red mark infide the right arm btlow the elbow. The mark was very emall when I first csme, but I notice that it grows gra dually larger, and has the app'*'aaco now of a sore with the hral knocked off." " Is that the only sign 1" " All, except the increased helplessneps of the imbs, and the feebleness of the brain." " When can I examine her t" "Sunday, the day after to-morrow, would bi the best. IMrOrmond isquite Eafe f.,r that day ; he never comes to see her on a Sunday, and I do not leave her from morn ing till Light." " Very well then, shall I meet you bhre on Sunday evening, and will you then take me to the poor girl 1' " You meet me here at half-past six. the will be dressing for dinner then, so I think that will be the best time. Good-night, I dare not stay any longer, they will discover us, and poor Mrs Ormond will be awake and crying for me." " Stay," I cried, as she was turning away, "you hav not told me your name, what am I to call you by " " Nurse Daweon," she replied shyly. blush. ing all over her fair little face and dropping her dark eyes beneath my ardent goze. "But wliat is your Christian namel" I asked again, holding her little trembling hands closely in mine. She hesitated, then murmured- ' Kate." " NIase Kitty, eh ?" I said adacionusly. " Well, dear, brave little Nurse Kitty, good night, and I will be here on Sunday evening at ha f-past six sharp." "Yes," she whispered. "IGood.night," and, pulling her hance away, she sped like a bird doean the terrace and round a corner out of my sight. I stopped to light a cigar, then strolled back to the front of the house, meditating upon what the little grey nurse disclosed to "By Jove," I muttered, "Ormond is more of a villain and less of a fool than I took him to be. Where has he got the idea 6f in jecting poison from I and, again, where has he obtained the poison from He must have a clever accomplice somewhere. * Well, it is an original and scientific way of getting rid of one's wife i but what a brute he must be." I paused and muaed awhile upon the stories I had heard regard. ing himself and a woman notorious for her beauty and her conquests, and then my ihoughte wandered back to the little grey nurse. "Plucky little woman," I murmured; "by Jove," passionately, "she is a woman worth winning, and if ever I marry it shall be Nurse Kitty." The men had not left the dining- room when I got back; I heard their voices and laughter as I passed the door, but I did not go in. I went straight to the drawing-room, where I was welcomed eagerly, and when the rest of the men entered I was busily engaged in making myself agreeable to tht ladies CHAPTER V. DISENOtnANTED. I lowered the lamps carefnlly in the srI room, then in 'he dim light turned ano gravely surveyed the little nurse. " I am afraid your suspiclons are only to' correct, nurse; the poor lady has been poisoned. It is impossible for me t o'ay on such a slight examination what potion has baen lseda; I do not twognlie0 Itt Il'S whgt ever it is, it hasdone its work. Nurse, I am afraid I am too late to save Mrs Ormond's ife. I think it is right to tell yon that she might die at any moment." Tears shone in the little woman's pitying eyes. " Then it is of no use endeavoring to get her away ?" "None whatever, nothing can save her now; I might have saved her had I seen her a few weeks earlier; as it is-well, do not leave her for a moment unless yon feel pretty well sure that Ormond and his accom plice are out of the house. By the way, do you know who the man is who has lent his diabolic.l aid to accomplish this cruel thing I" " Uo I know him I" she cried. her fair face flushing indignantly and her da-k eyes flish ing. "thefiend I theamooth-tongued serpent I It he is in the house now you must know him too. Expose him, ruin him, if you are a man and a Cnristian; bring his grey hairs down to the grave with the most bitter shame and Ilshonor I" " His name I" I whispered hoarsely, my face paling as a horrible suspicion fldshed through my mind. She gazed into my face with bitter curl ing lips and passionate eyes. " Professor Wag.taffld. she said quietly. I drew my breath in quickly. I knew by instinct that she was speaking the truth. I did not pause to doubt or question. "'Oreat God the villain," I muttered, clenching my hand. ' I will avenge thi, poor dying woman as sure as there is a God in htaven." ' It was in the interests of science, you forget," she iaid mockingly, and then with a little choking sob she was moving away to wards the bed, when I stopped her gently. "One moment," I said. " I will run up to London early to-morrow, and wiil call at Scotland Yard. We will avenge this poor girl even if we cannot save her life." I looked tagerly for the thanks I ex pected in the young nurse's eyes, and I found them. "Thank you, thank you," she murmured. " I would like to see you to-morrow even ing," I said. " Can you leave a note on my dressing-table to say when and where I can meet yu 1?" She nodded and then hurried away, and I went slowly back to my room to don my dinner clothes. I found it hard work to hide my feelings, and to be as friendly, as usual with my host and the Professor: 1 flatter myself, however, that I acted my part to perfection without creating the least suspicion in the minds of either of the men. I discussed a knotty question with the latter with untnual brilliancy and enthusiasm, though I longed passionately to stand up and proclaim him before the whole table to be a fraud and a scoundreL I joked and laughed with Ormond, and as we rose from our wine to join the ladies, 1 declared my intention of running up to London in the morning. Very well, my boy--come and go just as you please," answered Ormond, gaily. ' But try and return in time for dinner. Beatrice has invited some of the county magnates." I promised to do so if possible, and smiled grimly to myself as I thought that perhaps I should not return alone. I was up early and away by the first train to London, and I returned just as the wintry twilight was drawing in, but not alone. I was accompanied by two officera from Scotland Yard. I did not bring them to the Hall, but left them at the west lodge. "I will send for you when I want you', I said. CHAPrER VI. IN THE INTEREST OF SCIENCE. I reached my room safely without meet ing anyone except one of the demure middle-aged women servants, who gli'ed about the house, and got in our way occa sionally, and hurried with break-neck speed into my dreas-clothes. I spent very little time before my looking-glass that evening, and even debarred myself the pleasure of wrangling over my white tie I was anxious to reach the drawing-room as early as I could. As I opened my door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumbled over a little grey clad figure waiting patiently outside. " 1 beg your pardon-why, nurse i' She took hold of my arm, and drew me forcibly away down the corridor. "Quick!" she cried. " Mrs Ormond is dead or dying. Come to her." We traversed the deserted corridors and dark passages until we reached the west wing, and then 1 stood by the bedside and lookdd down pityingly, regretfully into the peaceful dead tace of Gregory Ormond's murdered wife. "The villains! The villainsl" I muttered pastionately, and the little nurse g. zcd into my face with mute questioning eyes. *' Yes, she is dead,' I replied, and for the first time to my knowledge the brave little woman broke down completely, and, flinging herself beside the bed, wept bitterly. I gazed moodily at them both, the dead woman with her wisted face beautiful by death, and her living, breath ing sister muu.ning fur her loss. Presently Nurse Kate arose and dried her eyes reso iately. Now I am ready," she said; " what am I to do P" "Are your nerves steady ?" I asked. " Perfectly-see," holding out twoateady little hands, which 1 promptly seized in mine, and held fast and close. " Well, I want y.,u to sun down to the west lodge, and tell two men you will find waiting there to come up to the Hall at once. It will not take you ten minutes, and when you return get one of the women servants to help you wish your poor patient. Can you do this ?" " Yes," she replied, "but, doctor, what are you going to do with her- murdeers ?" " Deliver them over to justice," I said, sternly. " Now, dear, wrap up and run away as quickly as you can." 1 still hbld her hands, re'nctant to let them out of my grasp, then I oent and kissed ihe roft white fingers tenderly. " Dear, brave little Nurse Kitty I" I cried. When I entered the drawing room some fifteen minutes later I found Ormond and the Professor the centre of a group of bril tiant men and women. I walked straight up to them, and stood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced carelessly at me and the 5'eofessor smiled kindly. " What is the matter, Jack, you look white and harassed. Have you seen a ghost I" * No," I answered coldly and distinctly, " bhat I nave just Icoked upon the dead face ot a murdered woman. Gregory Ormond, your wife is dead, and I accuse you and your alever scientific accomplice, Professor Wag. staffe, of her death." I glanced toward the open door as I sooke loualy and distinctly, and the two oflicers from Scotland Yard came in and advanced towards us. Some of the ladies screamed, some fainted. Beatrice Stanley stood perfectly still, livid to the lips, with a great horror in her hand some eyes, and the men looked white and frightened. " We arrest yon in the Queen's name for the mnider of Charlotte Ormond." Gregory stood mute and still beneath the Iron grasp of one of the officers, a terrible calmness upon his ghastly face; but the Professor hghtly shook off his man's hand and walked toward me, smiling blandly as csual. "My dear Doctor," he said, "this is un. kind of you. It was all in the interest of science. I murdered the unhappy young woman if you like, I do not deny it, I do nos regret it, 1 would io it again and again to gain the knowledge I have gained. It is a seautiful thing, a noble poison; shall I ex plain it to you? Ah I you shrink, and you're a doctor, too. Fie I Why, doctor, it I liked I could kill you there as you stand. I could hypnotise you to death ; there is no imit to science and medicine. Shall I hyp. aotise yos !" I waved him off frantically as he advanced nsarer, and I heard Stanley's voice at the oack of me saying: " Just as I thought, mad as a March hare ;" ani I knew that the little man was right, I Knew that this j?ieTonl an had ten psm. mittpd by a madman, in the interest of I turned away with a groan, sick at heart, and cursing myself for my blindness. 'Take care of him," 1 whispered to the officer, "be is mad, poor old man." At that moment B-strice Stanley's horror and astonishment found voice ; walking un steadily to her brother, she said huskily : "Is this true2 Have yon murdered Charlotte?" He returned her gaze with wild haggard eyes, and whispered : " It was for her sake, Beatie." As he spoke he withdrew his fingers from his breast, where they had been lightly rest ing daring the whole of the painful scene, and the next instant a sharp report rang through the room. A woman's shriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwards into his sister's arms, shot through the heart. It was on Christmas Day, our last day at Ormond Hall. We had followed poor Char lotte Ormond to her grave, and now stood side by side mentally bidding good-bye to the silent, deserted Hall. I had promised to escort the little grey nurse back to the arms at her grey sisters and the shelter of a well-kno an institution in London, and in the morning we were going to turn oar backs on the old place for ever. The guests had all taken their departure, Beatrice Stanley remained shut up in her room, the Professor had been removed to a private asylum, and Gregory Ormond lay cold and still in the darkened room a taiting his burial. I glanced at the girl at my side as we staod by the drawing-room window overlook ing the snowy grounds. She was pale and heavy-eyed, and weary little lined of pain showed round the corners of her sweet mouth. "You look tired," I said tenderly; "yon will be glad of a rest." "Yes," she answered dreamily, "I shall be glad of a rest." " Never mind, this is your last case, little one," I said cheerfully, "no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you." " I hope not," she replied gravely, regard. ing me with soft troubled eves; "but I shall be ready for any case oar matron cares to send me'to." 'Oh no, you will not, my pretty little grey nurse," 1 answered coolly. Ishall have a voice in that. Don't you know that you are to belong to me from henceforth 1" I put my arms round her and drew her to me. " You are to tell your mation to-morrow that I wish you to resign, I am to be your patient for the future, will you take care of me, Kitty?" And for answer she softly kisstd me. [THE ENS]. 