The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies or their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communica- tions. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1893. When Mr. HENRIK IBSEN, Mr. OSCAR WILDE, and Mr. GEORGE MOORE are simultaneously engaging, or endeavour- ing to engage, the attention of the dramatic world, there seems to be some occasion for those who have " the " passion of clear ideas " to examine such ideas as exist concerning the stage. The trouble with Mr. WILDE, this time, is that he has been misrepresented by The Times. It appears that a play of his, entitled Salomé, was presented in Paris—which now rejoices in the great apostle, since he has kicked the dust of inappreciative England from off his feet—by no less a person than Madame BERNHARDT. The Times re- marked that the play had been written for that great actress. Mr. WILDE states in correction that he is quite too Olympian to write for any actor or actress. "Such work is for the artisan " in literature, not for the artist." These be prave 'orts. An unsophisti- cated SHAKSPEARE may have composed pot-boiling dramas for his particular theatrical company; SHERIDAN may have had to dash off a trifle like The School for Scandal while the boy was wait- ing for copy ; SARDOU may have written expressly for Madame BERNHARDT plays which a deluded world considers admir- able. But SHAKSPEARE, SHERIDAN, and SARDOU, being artisans, may do that to which a WILDE, being an artist, cannot condescend. Noblesse oblige. Mr. IBSEN also is an artist. He is no artisan. Indeed, as dramatic artisan he would, perhaps, scarcely earn full wages. As an artist he produces alleged plays, which depend, for any small success they may have, mostly upon the excellence of the acting which labours to redeem them, and in a small measure upon the attractiveness of the pabulum they afford to the dilettante student in mental pathology. His latest creation, The Master-builder, is considered to out-Ibsen IBSEN in dreary incomprehen- sibility. But Miss ROBINS and Mr. HERBERT WARING have done their best with it, and have by their acting cheated a handful of willing converts into a mild enthusiasm for the " play." Mr. GEORGE MOORE'S The Strike at Arlingford, however, does not even rejoice in that qualified form of success which is known as succès d'estime. The play is meant to be an essay in realism. A young man, in whom we cannot grow interested, finding himself unable to wed a young lady of rank, who similarly fails in reasonable interest, goes to work and becomes a labour agitator and strike leader. While acting in that capacity he once more meets the titled young person aforesaid, where upon ho throws over his comrades in the strike and returns to his aristocratic allegiance. There is, no doubt, a good deal of reality about that kind of strike leader. But what the theatre-going public wanted was a real play and not a sham play dealing with " the real," and Mr. George Moore accordingly finds himself, where he pretends that he expected to be, in the list of dramatic failures. Meanwhile M. Sardou's Diplomacy, which was produced nearly two decades ago without "a purpose" and by a man who is not at all above writing plays for a parti cular actor, has been once more a huge success. All which, say Messrs. Ibsen, Moore, and Wilde, only goes to prove that the public is very much what the beadle described the law as being. Men go to the theatre to be enter tained, either by being compelled to laugh or else by being compelled to cry. The old recipe for the drama was that it should touch the spring of laughter or the spring of tears. It has been left for our own times to suggest that this is all a mistake, and that a play is really meant. to set going the motors of philosophic thought or economic calcu lation. Of course it will be the hundred, and not the million, who will appreciate dramas constructed in this spirit. But what has the literary " artist " to do with the million ? The " artisan " thoy have always with them. It is true that theatrical managers hardly see the question in the same light, and that they are inclined to look askance upon the "Drama of the " Future." It is true also that when the public, which goes to the theatre for entertainment, only finds question able philosophising or dull realism, it will betake itself promptly to the music hall and possess itself, aesthetically, of devils seven times worse than before. But the dramatic "artist" is not to be dis couraged. He will " fit audience find, " though few." And he does not stand alone. The uncompromising spirit which is abroad and which leads otherwise sane men to write about " the ethical tendencies " of the Tempest or Julius Cæsar, is invading every domain of literary entertainment. The novel has to a great extent become its prey. Unfortunately there is seldom anything on the cover to distinguish a Tendenz-Novelle from a real honest story. It may some day become obli gatory to bind the former in red, for a danger-signal. As things are, a book labelled " novel " will, as likely as not, turn out to be a disquisition or series of disquisitions on ethics, political economy, or theology. It may be satisfactory, from the writer's point of view, to get his hearing under these conditions. But he seldom gets it twice. The author of a Robert Elsmere is, thenceforth, mentally classified as essayist, not as novelist. Men go to the theatre, we repeat, to be entertained, to be carried into an interesting world which is not their everyday world of actuality, and which is only interesting for that very reason. , There may be some whose keenest entertainment is in psycho logical and pathological probings, but tho public of play-goers is not largely com posed of such persons. There may be some inconsiderable few whose criterion of a play lies in tho degree in which it is as commonplace as real life, just as there are some few who prefer photo graphy to painting. But tho vast ma jority of spectators have no-morbid or educational hankerings. They will inci dentally assimilate as much instruction or enlightenment as the play imparts, but it must be imparted unconsciously and through tho medium of real enter tainment. It is possible to conceive of a drama which enthrals tho most invete rate play-goer by tho intrinsic power of its plot and situations, delights tho most fastidious critic by the perfection of its literary structure, and yet which all tho time inculcates some moral or social lesson. There is no logical ob jection to such an ideal, and, if Mr. Ibsen or Mr. Moore could once attain to it, all criticism would be sunk in hailing a greater Shakspeare. But obviously such a playwright must bo a dramatist first and a teacher after wards. In actual experience tho case is reversed. A man who was by nature intended for a lecturer or essayist imagines, rightly enough, that to give in a dramatic and spectacular form a concrete embodiment of his lesson is to impress it with a vividness unattainable by theoretic reasoning. He recognises the superiority of tho method of oculis subjecta. Accordingly he attempts the drama, and, being no true dramatist, he fails. The play-goer spies " a peard " under tho cloak of tho pseudo-entertain ment and damns tho play. Sometimes he damns the philosophy also. And he is right, perhaps, in both, so far as Ibsen is concerned. He is right also in so treating the "realist." The modern realist pretends to hold tho mirror up to nature. A Shakspeare held it up also, but without prating about his "artistic principles." But somehow tho nature which we see in Shakspeare's mirror is dramatically interesting, while that of Mr. George Moore is not. There is probably some thing wrong with one or other of the mirrors." ' What we contend for is that, in tho division of literary labour, there is no justification for carrying formal and undisguised disquisition on society and morals from books and lecture-rooms into tho mimic world of the stage. To announce " The Marriage Problem, or " Doll's House, by H. Ibsen," " The " Heredity Problem, ' or Ghosts, by " H. Ibsen," would be to reveal at once the literary trespass. But tho " artist," who more or less scorns the popular taste, nevertheless on occasion exercises quite a popular condescension, and advertises at least an entertaining title to a composition which disdains entertainment as its object. " Ghosts," says the lady who translated it, " is " commonly considered the most power " ful but the most disagreeable of " Ibsen's dramas." " Most powerful " but most disagreeable " is very good. But the theatre was not built to be disagreeable. We are labouring with rueful dili gence to establish a wise economy through all the realms of public finance, and our repentance for any extrava gances which, in the too stimulating atmosphere of " boom " times, sprang into existence is both sincere and loud. Our virtue is, perhaps, not wholly without alloy. The sincerity of our re pentance gains its depth, it may ho suspected, and its loudness acquires its volume, from the state not so much of the public conscience as of the public pocket. We are determined to be virtuously economical, because we can no longer afford to be extravagant. It may supply, however, a wholesome reinforcement to our virtue to study the most shocking example of national extravagance, perhaps, to bo found in the whole circle of history, an example, curiously enough, supplied by a com. munity akin in speech and blood and political institutions to ourselves. The Pensions Bureau of. tho United States has just published its annual re port, and anything in the shape of waste ful and extravagant expenditure to ho found, or even imagined, amongst our selves is mero Spartan and heroic virtue as compared with tho sublime feats of extravagance performed under tho pension law of the United States. The great Civil War, it will be re membered, lasted four years, and ended 30 yeare ago. During its progreas a grand total of 2,77S,30'J: men were enrolled in tho army and navy of the Union, and out of theso 3G0,000.were killed in battle or died of wounds. It might bo supposed that under -tho action of the usual forces which wait on human life tho remainder of this host would by this time bo reduced to small dimensions, and another Xerxes might shed meditativo tears over them as tho crowded battalions vanished one after another in tho grave. But thero never was such an army of veterans as that yielded by the great American Civil War. Never beforo was old ago so green, so prolific, so indestructible 1 The ordinary tables of mortality are suspended in thoir favour; nay, the ordinary conditions of human life aro inverted, and while the attendant multitude of widows and orphans continues to expand, tho original host of husbands and fathers declines mysteriously to grow any less ! On June 30,1892, there were 850,000 pensioners drawing generous sums from tho United States Treasury for services rendered during the Civil War ; and in defiance of nature and arithmotie the number of pensioners steadily increases 1 By June of tho present year, the com missioners calmly report, the number of pensions will be at least 1,000,000, and at tho dato of tho report there were 800,000 claims yet to bo adjudicated upon. At this rate of increase the army of comfortably pensioBed " sur " vivors " of the Civil War will, in a short period, considerably exceed the whole number of soldiers- actually engaged in the war. At the pre sent moment, indeed, every seventieth inhabitant of tho United States is drawing a pension to console him for his sufferings in a war which, in many cases, was fought before he was born ! The total amount expended in pensions last year was £28,000,000 sterling; this vear the pension budget is computed at £34,000,000 sterling. The Republic, that is, expends nearly one-half of its entire revenue in military pensions ; a state of things which, for a drab-coloured and peaceful Republic, must be pro nounced simply amazing. Germany, the most military of empires, spends £22,000,000 yearly upon its armies and fleets ; Great Britain, with one fifth of tho globe in trust, spends £31,000,000 on the military and naval defenco of the empire. But the United States expends more money in pensions on what may bo described as the ghosts of a dead army than Germany does on its stupendous military system, or Great Britain on its overwhelming fleet ! Tho pension-list of the United States after tho great revolutionary war was £14,000 per annum ; but this was in Washington's day. Since the Civil War closed the amazing sum of more than a billion and a half of dollars has been expended in pensions, or half as much again as the entire war indemnity which France paid to Germany after tho capture of Paris. If anything can be more absurd than tho scale of these pensions it is the principle upon which they are con ferred. A soldier may have deserted his colours in the presence ot mo enemy, an 'officer may have been cashiored for cowardice or embezzle ment, and yet his title to a pension remains undestroyed. A woman who actually suffered a term of imprison ment for poisoning lier husband, claimed a pension as a widow for tho loss of her husband in the service of the Republic? and got it ! Tho extent of fraud and corruption bred by the pension system may bo imagined, but can scarcely bo described. Never, perhaps, was a system so ingeniously calculated for the spread of general lying and for creating the conviction that the public pocket exists for the purpose of being picked. Tho Pension Commissioners report that, in a certain small group of bogus cases, out of a total of 4,397 affidavits 3,084 wore false and 92 were forgeries ! Tho tariff of tho United States is, of course, the chief cause of tho scale and absurdity of its pension system. No nation in existence?least of all a shrewd and practical .race like tho Americans?would spend .£31,000,000 per annum, or nearly half its total revenue, in military pensions if this well- nigh incredible sum had to be raised by direct taxation. The tariff of the United States oxists in tho interests of a ring of wealthy manufacturers; the enormous sums levied by it fill the Treasury to overflowing ; and tho revenue must be spent, or there would bo no decent pretext for con tinuing to raise it. , But'the pension budget of the United States illustrates, too, what is the, standing peril of any democratic community where thestato is'also a great employer of labour. Tho tendency is always to multiply tho number of dependents on the state, and to draw upon the public treasury on a continually increasing scale and for a continually multiplying host of persons and of objects. Every system of govern ment has its own special risks ; and the perpetual risk of a democratic Govern- ment existing under modern conditions lik -our own is towards extravagance. Economy, is not, after all, and in spite of a good many platitudes, a " re publican" virtue; and it will need tho steadfast culture of a wise public sentiment amongst us to keep our state expenditure clear of the twin curses of waste and corruption. Elsewhere a contributor analyses the Irish Home Rule Bill from a strictly federal and constitution working stand point. It is pointed out that the measure in most matters follows very closely the lines of the bill adopted by the Sydney Convention, which was evi dently before the compilers, but it differs in one vital point. Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues have not felt themselves able to give Ireland a free hand in the legislation which it is proposed to remit to the Irish Parliament--the free hand which the states would have under the Australian scheme. Ho retains a veto for the Imperial Government on all the local legislation of the Irish Parliament. No doubt he has no choice but to insist upon retaining the veto, inasmuch as there is not sufficient confidence in the minds of the British people as a whole that the Irish Parliament would use its enormous powers wisely and well to enable the veto to be dispensed with. Only it was agreed with surprising unanimity at Sydney, by delegates who included many prominent Irishmen, that such a veto is either a peril, or a sham, and that if it has to be insisted upon that is a proof that federal conditions do not exist, and that the idea of granting a provincial constitution had better be abandoned. The two systems are on trial in America. In the United States each state deals absolutely with the affairs remitted to it, and hence conflicts between the general and the local Governments--which might well be incessant--are un known. But in Canada the veto exists, and it is found that to exercise it would be to break up the federation. Quite recently Manitoba disregarded the Dominion veto of certain railway bills authorising a hook on to the American wheat lines, and called out the local militia and proceeded to build the line, and the Dominion Government had simply to give way or to go to war, and it wisely accepted the former alternative. Again, with regard to Roman Catholic legislation by the French settlers of Quebec, the Dominion Ministry has ad mitted that it profoundly disapproved of the measures, and that the majority in the Dominion Parliament also disap proved, but it declined to exercise its veto because that would involve a cer tain conflict. Thus the Gladstonian guarantee is necessarily no guarantee, and if the bill; could not be passed without the veto on local legislation, that is a proof that the bill should not be passed at all. For the rest it is of much interest to note that the proposal of the Gladstonian Liberals is to form the Upper House on the Victorian model-- avowedly on the Victorian model--and to give that House power to co-operate with the Lower House in perfecting money bills. This decision of the Gladstonian Liberals, that where Upper Houses are representative they are entitled to advise in finance, is strictly in accordance with rule and practice all the world over. The rule under all the British constitutions is that when the Upper House is nominee then its fiscal powers are those of the House of Lords, but when the House is elective the analogy disappears. Familiar as the rule is, its adoption by the Gladstonian Liberals will doubtless come as a surprise to many good people here. An affecting and what wo may hope will be an eüectivo appeal is made in another column by Lady Clarke and other office-bearers of. tho Women's Hospital on behalf of that impoverished institution. No ono can put a case betterthan the' ladies, and it would bo idle to attempt to add to the force of the words used by tho writers of the com munication. Wo would not like to think that' many men could' read it un moved. Women liavo to bear tho burden of maternity, and thoir special organisation involves special diseases whioh aro the most torrible of all, meaning either painful death or tho moro cruel alternativo of life-long helplessness and torture. Yet surgical skill can give roliof in, sonic cases and can cure in others', and \- for numbers of women that relief isfonly possiblo in tho hospital. Only there are tho -appliances to bo found, and only there can tho sufferers obtain the skilled nursing without which no medical man would venturo upon operations whoso dangers aro very great. Tho members of tho committee who write to us say that more than a hundred cases aro awaiting treatment. Many if not most of those Bufforers are undor sontonco of death ?death accompanied by its worst terrors of pain and anguish?and yet they can bo saved if means are available. They can be loft without pity to go to their premature graves, or many of them can bo rescued for their families. Tho committee has never had to shut tho door upon the sufferers bofore and to leave them coldly to porish, and thoy would not bo women if thoy did not feel the situation dooply and oxpross themselves with eagerness. Thoy ask ?as ono way of 'raising funds?for a week of self-denial, commencing on Sunday, April 30?mon, women, and children to try to put by something during that week, and to send tho money either to this journal (in which it will bo duly ae , knowledgod) or to tho Mayoress at tho '.- -Town-hall. Nearly every household can '.help a little. Even childron with poekot 'money, and with healthy and happy mothers, will bo proud, when tho matter is explained to them, to put by ponce so as to .aid mothers who aro unhappy through being sorely smitten, and who, if they are not helped, may have to die and leavo their families in sorrow. Few, indeed, are tho men who, if thoy will closely' scrutinise their expenditure for tho purpose, will find that they cannot Sftvo something during the week, and even the careful housewife might discover a possible mite. Wo should like tho clergy to commend tho cause from their pulpits. As tho most effectual means iii our power of helping tho movement, wo ask our readors to peruso the committee's lotter. The ürientCo.'sR.M.S. Orotava, with mails from London to the 17th ult., arrived at Albany lust evening. She will probably reach Adelaide on Tuesday, and the Mel bourne ranils will be delivered on Wednesday morning. His Excellency the Earl of Kintore, Go vernor of South Australia, is at present on a visit to Melbourne, having gone as iar as Sydney witli Lady Kintore and Ladies Ethel and Hilda Keith-Falconer, who recently left by the s.S. Airlie for China and Japan, en route to England. The Premier stated yesterday that the Cabinet hud :made considerable progress with Its retrenchment proposals, und now saw its way to curtail the public expenditure by £750,000 next financial year, as compared with that of the present year. Of this sum about £200,000 would be saved by the reductions in the municipal endowment, the grants for pro Bpecting and vermin destruction, uurt the votes to agricultural societies, Jco. The remainder of.the amount will be principally obtained by largely reducing the expenditure of the Hail way, Education, Postal, Defence, and Public Works departments. . The Premier1 received a telegram yesterday from Gorolte announcing that the local railway league hoped to. be able next week to raise the £1,260 required for purchasing the land for the proposed rr.ilway from Natimuk to Goroke. Mr. Patterson was very pleased to receive this announcement, and states that as soon as the land has been secured the Railway department will proceed to construct the line, which is 30 miles long, and will carry out the work on tho butty-gang system. This work will give employment to a large number of men. Nearly all the land required for the con stracöon of the lines'from Korombnrra to P the Strzlocki and Silkstpne coal- mines having been handed over to the Railway de partment, the engineer-in- chief will send a number of men to Korumburra on Monday to olear the track for the lines. The railways are about 'six miles and a half long, and it is expected that about 800 men will be em ployed on their construction. It is intended to pay the labourers Es. a day, and to provide them with the necessary implements. Between 1,500 and 2,000 of the unemployed visited the Government ofiices yesterday to urge the Premier to find work for them. The leaders of the men were, however, dis appointed, as Mr. Patterson would not receive them owing to their violent and socialistic utterances at the meet ings of the unemployed. He consented, however, to receive four of the genuine unemployed. Tlic Premier expressed sur prise when he ascertained that the depu tation had not come to thank the Government for "the extraordinary exer tions" it had made this week to find employment for men who were said to be starving. He remarked that they were ungrateful. The deputation was told that the Government would in a day or two send 200 men to Trentham to fell trees, cut lire wood, and clear Crown lauds. Arrangements were being mude as expeditiously as possible for housing them und providing them with food and axes on their arrival at the locality. So anxious was he to find employment for genuine workers that he had given instructions to have the railways from Korumburra to the Strzlecki and Silk stone coal mines commenced at once, although all the land required for them had not yet been transferred to the Railway de partment as the law required. The necessi ties of the case compelled him to act illegally, and he would take the responsibility of his action. Work would be found on these lines for a number of men, and facilities would be given them for settling on the land. The Government had found money to enable the Council of Agricultural Educa tion to give employment to 200 men drain ing and clearing Agricultural College reserves in the Western and Gippsland districts. He strongly advised the men not to listen to agi tators who incited them to commit acts of violence. Any attempt to violate the law would be sharply repressed. The Premier expressed sympathy with the genuine unemployed, anil a hope that private enterprise would come to the assistance of the Government in finding work for them. The ladies' benevolent societies and kin dred bodies should exert themselves at this juncture to relieve women and children who were suffering in silence. The deputa tion were so impressed with the remarks of the Premier that they asked him to address the crowd outside the building, as they felt sure that a repetition of his statement would prove to the men that the Government was doing its utmost. The Premier, however, did not accede to the request. One of the essentials to the success of a Premier is to know in which camp to look for friends, and Mr. Patterson Becms to be well up in all the point« of the game. On Wed nesday the Opposition had a preliminary meeting, its object being " to assist the Go vernment in finding work for the unem ployed." The Premier, however, doubts their sincerity. He told the deputation of the unemployed which waited on him yester day that the crowd of men outside his office had been gathered together by means of a perfect political organisation, and not from distress of circumstances altogether. The Government would not be intimidated by demonstrations of that kind. It annoyed him to see a large body of men brought there by political organisations or the opponents of the Government, who professed to be friends. The Government did not look in that direction lor support. It would command support by doing its duty. He hoped the genuine unemployed would not again lend themselves to any political movements got up to em barrass the Government. Ho declared that the labour bureau which was Btarted by the Shiels-Berry Government was a useless institution, which only deluded tho unem ployed, and hinted that he would be glad if the Opposition would take their bantling off his hands. The Premier also cautioned the unemployed against being led away by " spouters," who had bo often assumed to be deeply affected and grieved at the distress among the unemployed that they had become "past masters" in working up the feelings of their listeners with subdued voices and faltering speech. Those men felt no real sympathy for the destitute, though they pretended to do so, and they only made the unemployed more despondent and downcast. Mr. Patterson did not say to whom he was alluding, but the features of a certain "labour" member seemed to be limned in the sentences. In continuance of the retrenchment scheme initiated some weeks ago by the Postmaster General,- notices were sent yesterday to Mr. T. II. Jomes, the nssistant secretary, and Mr. Slock, the superintendent of the mail branch, calling on them to retire at the end of the financial year ns sexagenarians. A conference wa3 held yesterday at the Customs department between the Ministerial head and representatives of the merchants, who are claiming refunds of duty in conse quence of certain duties imposed by reso lution of the Legislative Assembly having been subsequently reduced by Parlia ment. When interviewed by these claimants on a former occasion, Mr. Campbell stated that refunds would only be allowed where loss had actually accrued to the importers by reason of the alteration in the duties, and in cases where it could be proved that goods were in stock at the time of the reduction which had paid the higher duty. The representatives of the cluimants contended that this arrangement was not satisfactory. It was to be inferred, from the position tol:en up by the Minister, that the recent alte .-.tionsin the tariff had proved bénéficiai to the importers. The Minister evidently assumed that they had charged o higher price for both the goods in sto'jk and the goods imported on account of the increased duty. That was a mistake. Competition was so keen that even when the duty was raised they either did not raise the price at all, or did but raise it proportionately. For instance, there was an increased duty of 10 per cent, on silks, but the increased price was not more than 5 per cent. The duty had been raised on Oregon timber, but the price had not been increased. The Minister showed no inclination to alter his deter minntion, and the conference closed without any understanding being arrived it. The lirst step needed to obtain the sanction of the Supreme Court to the scheme of recon struction of the Commercial Bunk of Aus tralia was taken yesterday, when the Chief Justice was asked to stay further proceedings for the present in the friendly petition pre sented by Mr. Edward Whitehead for the winding-up of the bank, and to direct that meetings of the creditors and shareholders should be held in Melbourne to consider the scheme. The Chief Justice granted the order sought, but was most cautious in settling its terms. He pointed out that the application was virtually unopposed, and that the Court was bound to sec that the interests of creditors outside the colony were properly considered. The meetings are to be held at the Athenteum htill on Monday, the 24th inst., that of the creditors at 11 a.m., and that of the share holders at 3 p.m. The advertisement con vening the meeting is to be published in the newspapers in every place where there is a brancli of the bank, including London, Edinburgh, and Glasgow : and attendance may be either personally or by proxy. The Court was asked to appoint Captain Currie as chairman of the meeting of creditors ; and the Solicitor-General, who appeared with Mr. Higgins for the bank, urged that, not only was there power' to do this, but that it was important that ' there should be someone whose duty it would be to report the result of the meeting to the Court. The Chief Justice considered, how ever, that the creditors should be allowed to choose their own chairman. Mr. llayes ap peared for the petitioning creditor. Under the Amending Companies Act of last session, if the scheme of reconstruction íb agreed to at a meeting of creditors by a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of those present, it may be sanctioned by the XJÍmrt, triteretapon*rt*will become-biiiding;'pn. all parties. The provision was copied from on act of the .New South Wales Legislature of 1891\. : ;./ The magisterial hearing in the Mercantile Bank prosecutions is apparently drawing to a close, for yesterday witnessed the recalling of the first witness, Mr. John Adamspn, late accountant of the bank, to formally prove signatures and handwriting, and round off, as it were, the case for the prosecution. The principal witness yesterday was Mr. J, Buchan, accountant, who had valued the various properties held by the bank as security for the advances made to the several individuals and institutions men tioned in the course of the proceedings. Mr. Fink and Mr. Gaunson spent a considerable timeinacross-examination,theobjectof which was to Bhow that witness was a "wrecking" or " mortgagees' " valuer, who always took o gloomy view and forced values very much below those of other recognised valuers. Mr. Buchan strenuously refused to answer questions as to valuations he had made of other properties in the neighbourhood of those held by the bank, and urged that all his valuations were mode conscientiously. The condition of the real estate market was discussed at great length between witness and counsel, the former of whom declared that there was still a market for properties, adding, however, that there was great " disinclination to operate." Mr, Ellis, one of the auditor-defendants, was very indisposed yesterday, and on the appli cation of his legal adviser, Mr. C. E. Gardiner, was allowed leave of absence from the court in order tOj see a medical man.. There is a possibility that the defencejmay be entered into before Mr. Panton. Should this prove to be the case the proceedings iiiaycbo indefinitely prolonged!,having regit|j| to' the' great number of issues involved and the fact that each defendaSk"Íuía^arseparaie"lcg"al representative. . '"""' ; After a seven days' hearing in the Supreme Court'the end of the Parker-Clarke case?in which £10,000 damages for malicious prose cution is claimed?is now in sight. The present arrangement is that Mr. Duffy, who addressed the jury for three hours and a ' half yesterday for the plaintiff, shall be allowed an hour to conclude this morning. Then there will be an ad journment till Monday, when Mr. Justice Williams will sum up, after which trie jury will take the case in hand. Mr. Purves con cluded his address for the defence at half-past 11, after speaking for four hours. He de scribed his. client as being like the picture " Anguish " in the National Gallery, for he was surrounded by a lot of blackrobed gentry, against whom he was endeavouring to protect his home and family. Mr. Pur.ves claimed a verdict, not on the ground of sympathy, but of common sense and justice. Mr. Duffy, in his address, complained that Mr. Purves had made use of his own personal character and reputation to pull the case out of the fire and to justify himself for the advice he had given to institute a wicked prosecution. Mr. Clurke, said Mr. Duffy, was not a cruel man, and so long as he was allowed to indulge his own peculiar pleasures had no desire to injure the plaintiff ; but he was weak, and had allowed himself to be dragged into a prosecution by a strong-Willed counsel. Every step showed reluctance and hesitation, but he ultimately got so far that he could not draw back. Possibly also he was not naturally untruthful, but having got into a false position he was compelled to give evidence which was contradicted by the testimony of many witnesses, particularly with reference to the disputed visita to Richmond. The Court will sit at 10 to-day. No definite conclusion as to the cause of the recent Collins-street building accident has been arrived at through the inquest on the bodies of the two men who were killed by the occurrence. The circumstances of the accident will be remembered. On the 8th inst. a block of stone was being raised at the building in course of erection by Mr. D. Mitchell; contractor, rat the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, for the Equitable Lite Assurance Society, when the machinery used gave way and the engine was shattered into Beveral pieces, which were sent flying in all directions. Portion of a cog wheel struck the engine-driver, Henry Rbdgers, killing him instantly, and by a strange coincidence the same piece of metal hita painter named William Ellis, who was passing along Flinders-lane, causing internal injuries which resulted in his death. Expert evidence was obtained at the inquest yester day from Professor Kernot, who had been afforded an opportunity of inspecting the wrecked machinery, but he was unable to make any definite statement as to the exact origin of the accident. Professor Kernot was of course prepared to supply theories us to the cause of the accident, but these could not be received in evidence. In summing up, the city coroner (Dr. Youl) ex pressed the opinion that the accidentindicated the necessity of a Government inspector of building machinery being appointed. The jury brought in a verdict of "accidental death " in each case. Mr. Anderson, M.L.A. for Kara Kara, and Mr. E. IT. Loscelles waited on the Minister of Lands yesterday and urged him to increase the area of land which a person can take up in the malice on lease from 010 to 2,500 acres. They stated that the Mallee Lands Hill enabled any person to hold up to 2,500 acres of, mallee land, and, as that provision had been approved of by both Houses of Parlia ment (though the bill had not become law), it should be regurded as the will of the Legisla ture and should guide the Government in its action. Mr. M'Intyre said that this matter had been carefully considered by the Cabinet, and it was decided to limit .the area to (¡40 acres, Mr. Lascelles said that lie knew men who had come out to this colony with capital witli the intention of taking up malice land and cultivating it, but they would cross over to New South .Wales anil take up land there if they could not get a larger area than (¡40 ocrés in this colony. The Minister replied that the Government had no desire to drive capitalists out of Victoria. He would bring the matter again under the n Cabinet, but he would .not holdoutiany l pé of its altering its decision. ','!',Jüj!1íí The lessees of the Crown lanclsciri'.St trt" street, South Melbourne, and at the'reu-of the' St. Kilda road barracks, appligtl si me weeks ago to the Minister ot Lands to reduces the annual rental which they have to pay for that land. During the height of the land boom they agreed to leuse the land for a term of 21 years at a rental wiucli tney now consider excessive, as their business hus con siderably fallen off during the last two years, and the profits which they are making do not warrant them paying such a high rental for the ground. Mr. M'Intyre has agreed to have the ground re-valued with the view of the new valuation forming a basis for a reduced rental. Ile is disposed to accede to the wishes of the lessees on condition that they pay up the arrears of rent, and that the Lands department reserves to itself the right of raising the rental at any future time when a revival in trade may warrant it. Yesterday the Premier received a letter from Messrs. 0. and J. Darbyshire, of Ascot vale, who were until recently employed in the Railway department, offering to con struct railways into the malice on the land grant system. The conditions were that the Government should find the land required for railway purposes, that it should supply Messrs. Darbyshire with the rails, fastenings, and rolling-stock, that it should give them 2,000 acres of land for every mile of railway, that it should guarantee 2A per cent, interest on the money borrowed for building the rail ways, and that it should have the option of buying them at the end of 21 years. Mr. Patterson replied that these were not terms that the Government would entertain. In Trades-hall circles it is felt very keenly that their late secretary (Mr. Bennet) should have been an applicant for the position of secretary to the employers, and still more keenly that others of the fold besides Mr. Bennet should have tendered their services to the cause of capital. At the meeting of the council last night, a letter was read from the Seamen's Union, characterising Mr. Bennet's story of his application being a joke for a wager as a " fairy tale " - " a yam for the marines." The letter expressed disgust that Mr. Bennet was not the only "would-be traitor" who had been willing to ''turn dog" a course which the seamen had received with " expressions of the utmost loathing and disgust." Further, the seamen regarded the fact that 30 unionists should roll up to keep a " would-be traitor " in a position of trust was the "foulest page in the history of Victorian unionism," and the letter suggested that the names of the members of the council who had applied for the position should be made known. Mr. W. Campbell, and Mr. W. E. Murphy last night emphatically denied that they had been applicants. The president said he had been informed by the president of the Employers' Union that two other members besides Mr. Bennet had applied. One of these had been identified, but he had not been a member of the council for 18 months. The president did not consider it would be fair to mention names. Mr. Lindsay Brown died at his residence in Beechworth on Monday. He was a colonist of 54 years. He left England in 1838 in the Royal Saxon, commanded by Captain Robert Towns, founder of Townsville, Queensland, and one of the pioneers of Australian coloni- sation. In the following year he followed Major Mitchell's track into what is now Victoria, and crossed the Murray (or Hume as it was then called) near Albury, and took up the Gooramadda Station, above Wabgun- yah. He took great interest in local indus- tries, and was among the first to plant vines in the Rutherglen district, and was also the originator of the Ovens and Murray Agricul- tural Society. Few men were better known in the district, and none more respected. He died at the age of 82 years. Yesterday afternoon a number ot gentle- men connected with the banking, financial, and mining interests assembled at Scott's Hotel, to say good-bye to Mr. William Knox, 'managing director of the Mount Lyell Mining .and Railway Compony, who leaves to-day for Sydney to join the s.a. Monowai on Monday for San Francisco, en route for London. Mr. Bowes Kelly, chairman of the Mount Lyell Company, presided, and in the course of a brief speech predicted that Mr. Knox would be successful in his mission to secure the capital necessary to develop what had been described by Dr. Peters, the great copper expert, as the largest and richest deposit of copper pyrites in tho world. In reply, Mr. Knox thanked those present for their many kind wishes. Referring to local financial cir cumstances, Mr. Knox expressed the opinion that Victoria was sound, and what her people wanted wosmoreconfidence in themselves and tiiose around them. Judge Molesworth yesterday committed John S. S. Sundercombe, of St..Kildn, boot manufacturer and importer, for trial at the Supreme Court on the charges of having failed to inform the trustee of his estate that a false debt bad been proved on it ; that he hod destroyed his books ; and that he in tended to defraud his creditors by certain, transfers which he made of his pro perty. Other offences under the Insol vency Act had been proved against Suiider combe at the sittings held in his compulsory certificate application, and on those His Honour sentenced him to six months' im prisonment. Time does not always heal wounds. Some-,, times the assistance of Judge Moleswprth is required. An insolvent named Charles Humphreys, a quarryman ot Morang, whose estate was sequestrated 20 years ago, applied for a certificate of discharge from his debts yesterday. Judge Molesworth, in giving his decision, said the case was a remarkable one. The insolvent filed his schedule on the 1st October, 18B7, and his debts only amounted to £21 8s. Since then ho had been Without a certificate, and according to the evidence before him (the judge) he was really very much tp bo pitied. The insolvency, so faros he could gather from the affidavit before him, was made insolvent for a very small sum, ond through no fault of his own, and he was sorry the insolvent did not see fit to apply for his certificate some 25 years ago. The certificate was granted. >. Certificates of discharge from their, debts were granted by Judge Molesworth in the Insolvency Court yesterday to George Brown Leith, of Flemington, contractor, on the ap plication of Mr. Piggott ; Annie Hurley, of Hawthorn, hotelkeeper, on the application'of Mr.'H. Barrett ; and Christopher Webber, of Windsor, out of business, on the application of Mr. H. Barrett. The estate of H. T. Grade, of St. Kilda, hotelkeeper, was released from the Insol vency Court yesterday by Judge'Molesworth on the application of Mr. Gaunson, the credi tors having accepted a composition of Is. in the £ on their claims ; and the estate of Philip John Steele, of Hawthorn, out of busi ness, was also released from the same court on the application of Mr. Braham, the credi tors having given the insolvent a legal release. A cempetitive trial of spraying machines will take place at the Exhibition- buildings at 11 o'clock on Wednesday next, 19th inst., under the supervision of Mr. C. French, Government entomologist. As these machines are destined to play Buch an im-' portant part in the truit-growing of the future, all growers are invited to attend. The judges have been already appointed, and certificates will be awarded to the successful competitors. The entrance will be opposite Gertrude-street. i-: His Excellency Lord Kintore spent an hour in the British Art Gallery on Thursday, and he was so much pleased with the pictures that he paid a second visit of an hour yester day afternoon. The dark rainy days on Wednesday and Thursday rather sppilt the attendances at the gallery, but with tho re-, sumption of fine weather yesterday there came the revival of a crowded room again, and the total numbers rose to 14,857 visitors. The afternoon teas by the Mutual Store have proved exceedingly popular, and the gallery has become a fashionable social resort. After closing at 5 o'clock to-day the gallery will be re-opened at half-past 7 in the evening till 10 o'clock, by electric light. Curdinal Moran, who is now in Melbourne on his way to Rome, attended a lecture which, was delivered at the St. Patrick's Schoolrpbm .iasfc'.uight.hby.iMr. E. 0. Mac .¿DÇjV'itV, on " Çount)von Bèùst." At the close "of the lecture Cardinal Moran addressed a few observations'to the audience, and was received most enthusiastically by them. II. I leaves to-day for Europe., by the outgoing mftifjitçamer Orient. ;../.,;, ¿'. | An advertisement in The Argus of to-day announces particulars of the prizes to be given for competition in connection with the " Ministering Children's League" bazaar in aid of the charities in which children are in- terested, i.e., Mr. Cherbury's Home of Hope for Destitute Children, the Children's Hos- pital, and " the Cottage by the Sea" (the latter initiated by Mrs. Hitchcock, of Geelong, to be built by the efforts of the children connected with the Ministering Children's League), for invalid children. The Countess of Hopetoun, as patroness of the Ministering Children's League, has kindly consented to open the bazaar at the Athenæum-hall on Saturday, May 27. The following further subscriptions have reached us towards the fund in aid of the widow and family of William Ellis, who was killed In the Collins-street accident :?H. M., £2 : E.S.M., £1 ; M.A.O., £1 ; Iris, 5s.; .Mrs. Duchan, Os. In response to Mr. O. M. Cherbury's appeal on behalf of his excellent charities we nave received from E.l'.Y. 10s. . . The honorary treasurer of the Women's Hospital desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the following additional special contributions)!! aid of the Institution :?Sir». Wm. Thwalte», £1 Is.; per the town clerk Prahran, Its.; per Mr. Taylor, tlie National Bank, £1 Is.; lier Mr. I.lnd,.Commercial Bank, Cam bcrwcll, £1 tís.; collected by Mrs. Jacoby, Kspianade Hotel, St. Kllila, £7 14s.; per Mr. .Plcasants, Etiroa, £1 Is.; per "Friend," Os.; per Mr. Ifattcrsley, London Chartered Bank, East Brunswick, 10s.; per Ada Lasse, Yea, £2; Mr. II. C. Mala, .Queen-street,, £l!i !!s.p per, Mrs. T. Bovd, St. Kllda, lus.;.per Sergeant,ilerrv,' llusscll-strcet Police Station, 13s.', lilaking £23'is. Od. from the metropolitan police. . ' ; A lady, who wishes to be known os-" A Friend of the Women's Hostel,".has offered a bursary of .£30, to beheld during the'remainder of this year by a resi dent student at Trinity College Hostel. Further in-, formation ean-bo'obtained on application to 'the. principal of.iliq,ho3tcl. ...... " : l' I I The second of tin-'series of meetings u'hieltthe-Brce traiie Democratic Association has decided to. hold in tho suburbs of Melbourne will take place on Thursday evening next at the t own-hall, Soutn Melbourne, when Mr. W. Mahoney will deliver an address on "Protec tion From a Trades Unionist's l'oint ot View." Other gentlemen w-ill also speak from the free trade side, and, OS usual at the meetings held under the auspices of the Free-trade Association, supporters of a pro tectionist policy will ho afforded an opportunity of explaining their views. Mr. Otto Berliner has received intimation that he has been temporarily appointed by the Railway Com missioners as superintendent In charge of the Rail way detective department. Â concert in aid of the funds ot tho Women's Hospital will be given in tho Athcnaum-holl on :Toe9ctay, *A'p*íl IS»' under the patronage of Hw Excellency the Acting Governor and Mri Madden.. The May examination to qualify for tho associate shin of the Koyal Victorian Institute oí Architects will be heUTin the week commencing May 8, at Lmistone^hanibers,'üoll¡ns-street. The annual 'examination of the Institute oí Actuaries will be held ou Fridav and Saturday, 21st and 22ml inst.,, at the.voflkvs of 'the Fire Under writers' Association, Market-street, from 10 o,m. to 2 p.m. each day. A concert in aid of the funds of tho St, Hilda ana Cautüeld Ladies' Benevolent Society will be held in the town-hall, St. Hilda, on Thursday, April 20. "A new .series of " Lectures to Ladies," under the auspices of the Australian Health Society, will bo coiumctiocd on Tuesday afternoon, and continued weekly in the guildroom of St, Columb's schoolroom, Bu mood-road, Glenferrie. Dr. John Merrillecs Ï8 to be the lecturer. At the conclusion of the course an examination will be held, and tho society's certificate, awarded to successful competitors. A fee of fis. admits to the course, or seven transferable tickets may be purchased for the 6ame amount and used as desired. The third annual general meeting of members oí the Victorian Sketching Club was held yesterday afternoon in The Olderlleet board-room. Mr. Gresham Jones, the president, occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of members present. The annual report of the club's operations was read and passed and also the balance-sheet, which latter showed the club to have a good credit balance in hand. Six new members were elected, and a conver tazione for July decided upon. The ballot for office bearers for the year resulted as follows :-Prcsident, Mr. A. Grcsham Jones ; vice-president, Mr. F. G. Green; hon. sec. and treasurer, Mr. Herbert Wood- house; council, Misses E. O'Rorke, Una Halley, IS. Eager, S. 0. Fenton, Messrs. Victor Henry, M. Skoglund, T. Tandy, A. Addy, and J. A. Hcaju. A public meethigfor the advocacy of the principled of total abstinence will be held in the Temperance- , hall, Hussell-strect, to-morrow evening, at half- past 7 o'clock, when addresses will he delivered by Messrs. James Mer=on, Boblnson, and others. A concert in aid of. the funds of the St. Hilda and Caul field Ladies' Ucnevolcut Society will be given in the St. Hilda Town-hall on Thursday next under the Satronage of His Excellency the Acting Governor and 1rs. Madden, . . '" Mr. S. De Saxo, surgeon-dentist, notifies in oür advertising columns that ho has ^removed to his old premises, 122 Russell'Street;1,1'1* ' , - >- tí »"* ** i Tho paddle sttamcr Orone.¡ is advertised to/cave, j the Tort Melbourne Railway Pier it1 2 p.m. ¿o-day'..,; and 11.10a.m. to-morrow.îfor-QuecnsolifT,' tinrrentoi/i and Dromana. It is notified that as the.Hygèià huí boon laid tip there will not ,bc .any more Sunday< afternoon trips to Schnapper Poínti .r>*:- '' ¡ .-i îj".:» Mr. William levers, jun., will-sell by auction No.3. 009 Drummond-street, North Carl ton, a brick verandah cottage, this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, on the premises. Messrs. Hendy, Leary.and Co., of Gceloiig, will sell by auction on Wednesday, 20th insU, at Nathalia, the property known as Ethandune, consisting of 320 acres of farm and orchard land, situated 11 miles from Nathalia. ' The committee of the South Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society report having relieved 75 cases during the fortnight ending April 11. The expendi ture amounted to £13 3s. Donations in money or clothing will bo grateiully received by tho lion, treasurer, Mrs. Paton, 2 Bank-street east, South Melbourne; or by the hon. secretary, Mis* M'Call, Hillholmc, Bank-street east, South Melbourne. The South Yarra and Toorak Easter Fair in the Skating Hink, South Yarra, continues to bo largely attended, and the management have decided to keep it open for another week. Every evening during next week there will be a complete change of programme. For to-night a flrst-clasi programme has been pro vided, including Professor west on and company, tug-of-wnr, and May-pole dance. A village festival, in aid of the funds of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, will be opened in the Hawthorn Town-hall on Monday, at ¡J, by Archbighop Carr. A competent and .enthusiastic committee has the affair in hand, and it promises to be exceptionally iu tores ting and attractive. 