ISHMAEL PENGELLY: AN OUTCAST. CHAPTER VIL THE YOICK OF TBE DEAB. By J03BPH HOCKING, Author of "Elrad theHio," " Jabes Easterbrook," "Zillah," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; " But if you look into it, the balance is perfectly eren here. God has made His world mnch bettei than you and 1 could make St Everything reaps its own harvest, every act has its own reward. And before you covet the enjoyment whicb another yoa mast tint calculate the '•oat at which t was procured."—Feederick W. Robertson. Reuben Penwithen followed the dog as as he was able, and ere long eaw that the intelligent animal had oome close to the youth, and tbat they now stood facing each other. " At him, Shep!" said Reuben; but although tbe dog crouched and growled he did not obey. " At him, old man!" be repeated; and still the dog refuged to attaok the young fellow, who stood waiting for him. " He waan't," said Ishmael; " he's feared." " What are you doing here, young fellow?" asked Reuben angrily; "and what do you mean by looking in at my window ?" "Nothin','' replied Ishmael, still keeping his eyes on the dog. "But yon were; what do you mean by it?" "Nothin'," repeated Isbmael; "call oS your dog." Somehow he did not at all feel frightened at Reuben now he stood face to' face with bim. " IU do nothing of tbe sort," replied Reuben. " I'll bave yon saken before the Magistrates, and then sent out of the neighbourhood. You are here for no good, young fellow. I was foolish to get yon a job; but if you don't leave this part of the oountry at once it shall be tbe worse for you—you blaspheming young infidel!" Ishmael realized the weakness of this threat. First, the Magistrates were to send him out of tbe neighbourhood, and then, if be didn't leave the neighbourhood at onoe, it should be l>he worse for bim. "I shall not leave the neighbourhood," replied Ishmael. -" I've done nothin' wrong." "Who are you?" said Reuben. This mysterious lad made bim unoomfortable, and he asked the question almoBt without thinking. "You knaw my name—Ishmael Pengelly. I've no friends, but I've my livin' to git, and have es much right to git it as you have. inomoiJi; otmearaou 1 * tnnflUI lUliau w . —.Mvg, and Renben did not like being defied. For years he'd been one of the most important men in the neighbourhood, and to be bearded by this great hulking fellow angered bim. He wondered whether a shout would reach the ears of the men servants in the kitchen. He was afraid not. But he must punish Ishmael somehow, and make him afraid if possible. He wandered if be dared to taokle bim. After all he was only a lad—although he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouohing, watching Ishmael's every movement, and as soon as tm attention was slightly diverted from him prepared to leap. " That's it, Shep! At him!" urged Renben, " at him '." he repeated in an angry voioe; aod tbe dog, with a savage growl, obeyed bis master's voice. The animal was by no means a lady'e pet. Half a shepherd's dog and half a mastiff, he was a formidale opponent, especially when aroused, and urged on by his master. " Ah! that's got you, yon blackguard'." cried Reuben, as he saw the dog leap upon Ishmael, with his mouth towards the youth's throat; " we'll soon see about it now." But his triumph was short-lived. Isbmael, tall and large boned, possessed great strength, and although lacking the powers of endurance which he would possess in later years, he was for a brief time far more 'han a match for an ordinary man. Unmindful of the sharpness of the dog's teeth he caught him by the throat with bis right hand, and by the bajk part of his body with his left; then lifting bim high in the air he dashed him to the ground with a terrible foroe. The dog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell, then picking himself up as soon as he was able crept away with a pitiful whine. " You shall Duffer for this, you shall!" cried Ishmael to Reuben, clenching his bleediiig hand. He was going to say something more, but checked himself; then turning on bis heel he made hie way back towards Carloggas. " My turn'il oome sometime," he muttered; "it'lloome. Idoan'tsee how, yet, but it'll surely come. I'm glad I didn't say nothin', though." All through the night he lay awake planning, vowing vengeance, and then planning again, until the morning eun shone in upon his scanty bed. Nick Liddicoat lay snoring at hie side, but he did not heed. Although every one in the house was asleep be got up, and made hie way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he_divested himself of bis clothes and plunged into six fathoms of water. He had learnt the accomplishment of swimming that summer partly because he enjoyed it, but more because he thought it might be useful to bim some day. And somehow the wboleeomeneBB of tbe great sea made hia mind more healthy, for as he walked back to Carloggas after his bath, he brooded less, and watched ihe psarly dewdrops as they hung on corn and grass, wondering at tbeir brightness as they glistened in the sun. As for Reuben, he crept back to tbe house with a weight on his heart. To him this was more than an ordinary episode. Tbe previous winter two navvies bad come to Penwithen and stolen some chickens, but this be had thought but little about. Tbey were ordinary reugbs; but this youth—there woe a wild, evil look upon his face that he did not like. The fellow seemed to carry & lot of dark secrets around with him. He had the lamp lit and placed on the table, and the blinds carefully drawn, so as to bide everything from the outside, and then, not satisfied, he closed the shutters. This done he looked the door and Bat down in his armchair, and remained for a long time with his chin resting on his chest and bis eyes closed. "No, no," he Baid at length, "it can't be anything to do with that. It's only I who am afraid. I'm always troubling about it, always worrying myself without reason. And yet that fellow makes me think of her. "Nineteen years, nineteen years—and never a word, never a word to tell me if she lives. Ay, and it's been nineteen years of suspense aud fear. After all I was happier at Carioegas in tbe old days. 1 believe I loved her, too, in a different way from Amelia, hut I loved her in a fearsome kind of way. %nd she loved me at one time. She would have given her life for me—and I deceived her, robbed her. The game was'nt worth tbe oandle, after all. And yet I don't know. I do love the old place." I love the money it brings, and I'm proud of my position." Tlien he sat a long time motionless; bo still was he that one might have supposed him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on mutteriDg to himself. " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything is safe, aB safe as can be. Judith must be dead long ere this. 1 shall never see her again, and I have the will." He started from the r-b.nr, and looked towards the safe. "Why am I always wanting to eeo it, always wanting to read it !"he muttered. " I hate tbe sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I see old Miohael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to olaim the land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through the yenri<, and haunts me like a nightmare. I wish I'd never seen it ; but there, I most go and have one more look at it." He walked across theroom, and then stopped suddenly. " I've forgotten all about that fellow " be muttered. "I rams ia here vowing'vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him * thojjpht. Everything seems to centre on this —this!" He unlocked the safe, and then looked anxiously around the room. " I believe I'd confess everything but for them," be went on. "I wouldn't mind for myself. Better to be poor if by being poor I oould be rid of this feeling. I oould go away and never be beard of again. But I cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is nearly a oripp e, while Grace—no, I'll hold fast—but there, wbat a fool I am !" He opened the door of tbe safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then he took a< booktromit, which waB fasteijed and looked. This he unlocked, looked carefully at its contents. Then be turned to tbe thick oover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently contrived for important documents. From this he extracted a piece of parchment. ••„. "I couldn't keep it in the oaah box," he said;" I mighthaveto run to itborriedSy, sad leave it carelessly sometime ; and yet, I don'f like to keep it here." • He epread it out ' on tbe table. Tbe last will and testament of Miohael Penrose. Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time road its content* " I shall never feel safe until I see it barafe with my own eyes," he said; "w»a tbaftX should be constantly fearing it would fa« resurrected m some way." "Batlwill burn it." he continued after a while. It makes my life a hell; it, existence warns me that my ohildren may be paupers. There, I'll do it." He lit a candle and took the win holding it olose to the steady flame; then be drew it back quickly. " What's that ?" be cried. " Surely I heard a scratch at the window pane, or else it vat something at bbe safe." He stopped and listened for a minute or more, but all waB silent—m silent at death. " Ah, it's only my foolish fears after allonly my foolish fears." He held the psrdhment against the flame again, and again hs drew it back. He heard a loud ticking, louder than the sound of a watch, very near to him. "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick." At first it aaemed on the library table, then on the mantelpiece, then on the safe. His hand trembled so tbat lie oould scarcely hold the will, while the percpiration stood thick on his forehead. " Tick, tick, tick, tiok," he heard, on and on the sound went, then suddenly ceased. He wiped his forehead and looked fearfully around the room. The lamp burnt clearly, the shutters were closed, nothing was to be Been. "It's tbe death watoh!" he cried at length. " Nay, I'm not so foolish as to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for Its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstition* bid woman, but Reuben -Penwithen knows about theBe things." And yet the sound bad wrought npon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of super- stition in his nature. Old Leah had told nim stories long years ago—stories of omens, and tokens, and death's head moth*; tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing at them. Still beheld old MiohaePs Will to the oandle flame once more, and onoe more he stopped. The lines of some doggerel whioh Leah had taught him as a boy oame back to hia mind with great vividness.- He had jbelieved In them in tbe old days, but of late nam he had discarded all suoh things as foolishness. Alter all Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts aod goblins, and he had ceased to pay heed to what she said. Still he oould noi help repeating the doggerel to himself— Strike a dead man's faee. By a dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring, And by dead men yon'll be daunted; Cross a dead man's will, Ton can scarce do worse; Born a dead man's writing. And you'll get that dead man's curse. He threw the will on the floor as though it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with nimself, picked it up again. {To be continued). 