THIE LOST WILL. CHAATEPwR 1. OLD Mrs. Kent's boast, through a long and not over-useful life, was that she had a will of her own, and she took especial care that it should never be unnecessarily thwarted. It is said there is iron in the human blood, and some ingenious calculations have been made to show what tiny things might be manufactured out of the ferruginous particles which circulate through the veins of a single person; but whatever the average product of such experi ments might be, it would be safe to make an extra allowance for the yield of Mrs. Kent, to the extent, parhape, of a small crowbar. Certain it was, she had an iron will, which entreaty could seldom move, and oppiosition never. Her husband had died of it, it was said, at the age of thirty-five ; an only daughter, discarded for marrying according to her own taste instead of her mother's, had also been its victim; and at the age of sixty, the unfriended woman still hugged her will and her wealth, for she was rich, and wondered at the perverseness of human nature. She was rich by the force of singular circumstances, for her husband, hav ing early betaken himself to the stormy sea, to escape his more stormy fireside, had first, by his will, secured his fifty acres of Thames-mouth marshy land to his wife, in the hope that it might diminish the danger of her pursuing him on the deep, whence the tidings of his " total loss" soon came back to his deserted spouse. The land was, at that time, of small value, but it was in the suburbs of the growing metropolis, and she had clung to it for support, until with the ad vancing years, it had been absorbed by the travelling city, intersected by its streets, and finally constituted her one of the millionaires of the town. Gold became her idol, and made her, in turn, the idol of many a fawning worshipper, prominent among whom were the family of her cousin Dibbs, a poor and proud race, eager expect ants of future heirship, and shrewd and frequent calculators as to the way in which the old lady's estate would "cut up" after her decease. "It must come to us," said Dibbs, as in a breakfast-table conversation with his wife he sat balancing'his tea spoon upon the edge of his cup, and imbibing the anticipation in lieu of more coffee, for it came cheaper, and was equally refreshing; "it must come to us at length ; there is no one in the way, and the old girl, I am sorry to say, won't last long. That asthma of hers is making rapid inroads upon her constitution." The speaker was a sleek-faced and double-chinned man of about fifty years, of middle height and somewhat stout, with iron-grey hair, and hard stony eye, which softened at times, and then seemed neither hard nor stony. " I don't know, my dear, what you mean by there being no one in the way," replied Mrs. Dibbs, a sharp featured woman, whose efforts to ap pear amiable were'always counteracted by a slight scowl, which seemed to have taken a lease in perpetuity of her forehead; "there is Boll Bran don, her own grauddaughter, a de signing, insidious girl, who we know stands ready to work herself back into the old lady's favour on the first op portunity. The artfulness of that girl can't be conceived." "' Better imagined than described,' as the newspayers say," rejoined the husband, with a facetious air; "yes, mercenary, mercenary all-it runs in thht family, I think. Kent was one of that class, too, and if he had only known what a crop of streets and houses his old marshy farm was going to produce, he would have been living, I verily be lieve, at this day. But there is no cause for apprehension about Bell; she lies under a double weight of dis. favour, for she has not only taken by inheritance her mother's share, but she has created some now stock in the same fund in her own behalf, on which the dividends promise to be large." "Now you are at your tropes again, as you call them, and are likely to be vastly intelligible," replied Mrs. Dibbs sharply; " and as to the stocks I know those who would do wisely never to meddle with nor speak of them after burning their fingers and all their family's-but we all know Bell has been in favour, and may be again, and if not, she is the lawful heir, and there is no safety without a will, and so I have told you a thousand times, Mr. Dibbs." " I know it, my dear," returned the husband, who with practised sagacity had foreseen a domestic storm, and had vainly sought to draw off the leaven of wrath by applying such a conductor to the cloud as the name of Bell Bran donusually proved, but the unfortunate simile of the stocks hadpartlyfrustrated his design-" I know that a will is necessary to protect our-rights. I am not without hopes, indeed, that ouch an instrument may have already been executed; but as to otooeks, since you come to that, for you always do come to that, Mrs. Dibbs, I slould like to know who urged me on to the ' Channel Suspension Bridge,' who fairly pushed me into the 'Irish Tunnel,' and who very nearly got me into the 'Billingsgate Company,' at par, that's what I should like to know, niadam ?" "I don't know any place where you would be mora likely to be ' at par' than in the company whibch you last named, Solomon," she said, amused by her own wit into better humour; " but it is useless to cry for spilled milk, or to quarrel about who spilled it. Some men really haven't got it here, Dibby," she said, touching her forehead, "and, therefore, they are not so muchi to blame; but---" "Madam I " interposed the husband with growing anger, and a faint as sumption of dignity which he knew would be utterly disregarded. "Tut, tnt, Dibbs, it's of no use," replied the wife, quite undisturbed; "don't try to get up a quarrel now, but liston to reason. There is one stock that we know is good, and that is the Kent's. Letitia was at the old lady's yesterday, and, finding her in Squite a communicative mood, leairned the wholo i rete of her quarrel wlth Bell, which, by the way, I'm afraid is hardly serious enough to last." " Ha I" said Dibbs, with awakened curiosity, and seating himself to listen; " leot's hear-perhaps it might be-" " That's what I was thinking of," replied the wife; " something might bn thrown in, perhaps, just to open Aunt Polly's eyes more fully to the giri's disposition, and prevent her being cajoled, you know, into a re conciliation; Bell is so artful." "Yes, of course, that is what I meant- but the quarrel ? You have not told me." "Oh, it's about young Blakesly, the banker's son, who wants Bell, whom Bell detests, and whom her grandmother liked and encouraged and was determined should be the child's husband. She thought she had a right to dictate, for she had taken the girl out of compassion, notwithstanding her mother's life-long disobedience." "For companionship rather than compassion," said Dibbs, " but that's neither here nor there." After a little more conversation of this nature Dibbs took his hat and walked to his place of business. He did not feel as sanguine as his wife of his prospect of inheriting the great Kent estate, but the possibility of such an event had long formed the staple of some of his brightest day dreams, and he now went a little out of his way to take a thousandth view of some of the stately blocks of build ings which he hoped would one day be his own. CHAPTER H. Hubert Brandon had descended by gradual steps into that vale of poverty, within the chill shadows of which so many a noble and gifted heart is doomed to pine. He had been educated as a phy. sician, but while ministering to the health of others, the failure of his own had broken up his practice, which he subsequently found it im possible wholly to regain. With the slender remains of his means, he embarked in commercial pursuits, which, after several years of some profit and more promise, sud. denly terminated disastrously and left him destitute. While looking forward to improved fortunes, an offered posi. tion in a counting-house afforded him temporary employment and the means of subsistence, but years had rolled by without any favourable change, and ho found himself, at the age of fifty, still the slave of the desk. In his thirtieth year, while his busi ness gave him a reasonable prospect of independence, he had married Miss Kent, a young lady every way worthy of his love, and who proved her affec tion for him by sacrificing to it her mother's friendship, and all hope of ever sharing any of her great wealth. Two years only of wedded happiness were allowed him, and the loss of his beloved wife left him without a joy in life, beyond that derived from the con templation and the caresses of an in. fant daughter, in whom thenceforward his heart was wholly centred. A total stranger to his incensed mother-in-law, with whom neither himself nor his wife had over ex changed a word subsequently to their marriage, he indulged not the least hope of her befriending their daughter. While the latter was a child they met but rarely, and only fortuitously, in the street, or at a neighbour's, and when Isabella, or Bell, as she was in variably called, reached the turning point between child and womanhood, it is not surprising that she turned that corner in the highway of her life without the observation of her grand. mother, and passed entirely beyond her recognition. It was about this period that they met at a party, where Mrs. Kent, with the privilege of age and wealth, ad dressed the beautiful debutante, and entered freely into conversation with her, without the least suspicion of her being a relative of her own. Bell was much embarrassed and frightened, but it was impossible for her to be other than engaging and pleasing in her manners, and she won rapidly upon the heart of her grand- parent, who persisted in retaining her for half an hour at her side to the great annoy ance of the cavaliers, until one of them, in acosting the young lady, pronounced the magic name of Bran don, and carried her off in triumph, before the other had recovered from the stunning effects of the word. She hastened to inquire of the hostess into the identity of her companion, and after learning the truth, became un usually taciturn and reserved, and re tired early from the party, without as much as the coldest word of farewell to the especial object of her evening's civility. But it would not do. The barriers of her stubborn will for once gave way before the remembrance of her grand child's exceeding beauty and gentle ness. It was as if a wall of stone had been beaten down with roses. She sent the next day an invitation to Bell to come and see her; and Hubert, who loved his daughter too tenderly to stand in the way of her advancement, did not withhold his permission to go. The interview was cordial, almost confidential on the part of the dame, who did not part from her new pet without forcing upon her acoeptance some valuable presents in antique jewellery, and exacting a promise from her that she would return speedily, if her father would permit, for avisit of a month's duration. The visit was made and extended through a whole season at the urgent request of the grated-dame, but not a day of all this time did Bell allow to pass without spending an hour or two under her father's roof. Mrs. Kent finally began to speak freely of making her young relative the heiress to he??r estate, and this came soon to be con sidered in the community quite a settled arrangement. Bell had received some addresses prior to the change in her prospects from Frank Halley, a young lawyer, of whom it is suflicient praise to say that with promising talents and a fine person he possessed a disposition as similar to her own as the difference of a manly spirit and highly but hlonour ably ambitious views would permit, But liTe her also he waspoor, exeopting. in the richhopes of youth, and when the sun of fortune began to shine upon Bell, hono longorconsidered himself entitled to seek her smiles, and his attentions to her, which had upt yeteassumed a decided character, were entirely dis continued. About this time he was called to the bar, and availed himself of a favourable opportunity for begin ning the practice of his profession. But now, of course, the admirers of ,Miss Brandon were numerous, and they were chiefly of the wealthy class of society who might claim an equality of fortune with herself. Prominent among these was the young Blakesly, of whom mention has been made, the only son of a very rich banker, whose pretentious to aristooracy of family weighed not lightly in the estimation of Mrs. Kent. Sho set her heart on this alliance, and that iron will which seemed for a time to have departed from her, groew again, like Samson's strength, and fastened around this one idea with a tenacity which nothing could shako. Bell's opposition was nothing but obstinacy in her view, while such is the deceitfulness of the human heart, her own immovable de termination seemed only a commend able firmness. CHPTER HI. For several months Miss Brandon indulged the hope of a reconciliation with her grandmother, to whom she had become in no inconsiderable de gree attached, and whose restored favour might prove ultimately so bene ficial to her beloved parent; but a third of a year rolled by and still no olive branch of peace was held out. Mfrs. Kent had in reality passed into the keeping of the Dibbses, one or another of whom managed to be al most continually with her, ministering freely to her pride.and all her caprices of temper, and cautiously trampling down every returning germ of affection which manifested itself in her heart for the discarded Bell. But a great change was at hand with the haughty dame. The predie tions of Dibbs in regard to her failing health proved to be well founded; her disease, which during the winter had received some dangerous accessions, increased with the advancing spring, and early in the month of April as sumed a threatening character. Mrs. Dibbs and her daughter Letitia, by unremitting assiduities to the invalid, lad ingratiated themselves thoroughly into her favour, and had become her constant attendants; Solomon, whose calls of inquiry were very many, was at length gratified on a bright May morning by the intelligence that the patient was fast sinking, and desired to make her will. She named a Mr. Miles, a legal gentleman of some note, as the one whom she wished to have called for this purpose, and requested Dibbs to procure his attendance with out delay. Solomon lost no time in the exeou. tion of his commission. The lawyer listened with a business like air, made a hasty memorandum with his pen, and replied that he would call on the ensuing morning. " To-day, if you please," replied Dibbs, unwilling to risk delay; "it is her wish and mine." They proceeded for some distance in silence, interrupted only by an involuntary burst of whistling on the part of the afflicted Dibbs, as he ap proached once more in view of the Kent property-an ill-timed demon stration which he speedily, and with some confusion, checked. " There are some hopes, you know, of our good aunt's recovery," he said, apologetically to his companion; "her physicians say that, provided half-a- dozen things with long Latin names don't set in, and provided half. a-dozen others do, she will get well yet, and may long live to be a blessing to us." "Heaven grant it," replied the solicitor, much more solemnly than Dibbs thought there was any occasion for; ".but who," he continued, raising his goggles to obtain a better view of a young lady who approached the dwelling of'the invalid at the same moment with themselves, from an op posite direction, " who is this beauti ful girl whom we are about to meet ?" Dibbs, without replying to his com panion, stopped nimbly in advance of him, and encountered Miss Brandon on the stops of the mansion just as the latter had sounded with a timid and hesitating air the knocker on the door. "Dear me I dear me I it should have been muffled t" he said, with a look of anguish. "Don't, pray don't do that again. Our venerated relative is very low, Miss Brandon, and must not be disturbedonany account. Re pose is everything just now; her physioians say she must, above all things, avoid any agitating inter views." "I heard that grandmother was dying," replied, the young lady, with a countenance of sweet ingenuousness which proclaimed the impossibility of any sordid views odisting in her heart; "I heard that she was dying, and hastened to see her, although, in deed, she has treated me very-I mean to say that she has been greatly offended with me. I should feel more happy to think she had forgiven me, although I do not think 1 have been much in the wrong." "Of course not-of course not," replied Dibbs. "It is a remarkable psychological fact that young ladies never do thinkl themselves in. the wrong ;however, if you eallhereat this hour to-morrow morning, Miss Bran don, we will try to arrange an inter view for you-but not now, not now," and Dibbs shook his head and sank his double chin in his white oravat with an air decidedly magisterial. "I will call, then, to-morrow," replied Bell, turning slowly away; " but please to tell grandmother that I have been here, for I should n"t like to have her think that I could har hour resentment under the circum stances." " She shall know all-she shall know all," said Dibbs, " as soon as she is able to bear it, but we must not agitate her, you know. Good morn ing " --and he saw with unspeakable satisfaction the graceful figure of the young lady descend the steps. Mrs. KenIout sat, propped by many pillows, in a largo Jiautceil, and it needed but a glance at her mwan face and lustreless eyes to convince Mr. Miles that his services had boon required none too soon, and that to be effectual they must be speedy. Mrs. Dibbs, with all gentleness and sooem ing solicitude, was in active atten dance upon the invalid, proposing endless adjustments and modifications of the various appliances of ease which wore at hand, and wearying the dying woman with the ceaseless repetition of proffered services. Letitia, with a visage set to grief by an oppo site mirror, waved an unfaltering fan before the patient, who was thus, in her last imbecile hours, fully in the possession of her designing relatives. " You have come to write my last will and testament," she said to the lawyer." " To receive your instructions, rather," replied Mr. Miles; " we do this sort of thing at our offices, and it is not the work of an hour, or scarcely of two, and I am happy to perceive that there seemsno necessityforbaste." "There is need of haste," the old lady faintly replied, laying her hand upon the region of her heart with an expression of pain. "Every despatch shall be used," re turned Miles; "accuracy and promp titude is every good lawyer's motto nevertheless, as I said before, we are not going to lose you yet, Mrs. Kent, don't thinkrit." So saying, he whisked out his tab lets, and placing them on his knee, awaited, pencil in hand, the instruc tions of the testatrix. A few charitable legacies were first indicated, some to benevolent institutions, and one or two to old family servants, and the old lady added : " All the rest of my property of every description-houses, lands, fur niture, and money-I leave to-" She made so very long a pause at this point that the lawyer raised his eyes, expecting to see that she had swooned or that some paroxysm of physical .suffering had arrested her voice; but she remained gazing stead fastly before her, as if lost in thought and unconscious of delay. The Dibbsees exhibited manifest symptoms of uneasiness, and Solomon essayed, by various seemingly asci dental noises, to,recall her wandering thoughts, but for some moments in vain, and when, at length she spoke her words carried terror to the hearts of her listening relatives. "Has not Bell called to see me ?" she said. "I am sorry to say that the un grateful girl has not called, nor has she even sent a message of inquiry," replied Mrs. Dibbs, who, to do her justice, knew nothing of the interview at the door. Solomon closed his mouth firmly and felt relieved. He had the happy consciousness of not having uttered a falsehood at such a solemn hour, and he thought how that reflection would soothe him when his own end drew nigh. " And yet," continued the invalid, "she must certainly have beard of my illness." "Undoubtedly," replied Dibbs; " Indeed, I may say that I know such to be the case." " Ah, I see how it is," added Mrs. Kent, faintly, "obstinate to the last- obstitiate- obstinate I" " I am suie I think it is shameful," said Letitia. "Perfidious 1" added her mother. "I give, devise, and bequeath all the rest, residue, and remainder of my real and personal estate," said the solicitor, reading from his tablets, and looking inquiringly up, " to-" "My cousin, Solomon Dibbs Esquire," responded .the dying woman, " who is also to be my sole executor." The Dibbees had their handkerchiefs ready for this desired sequel, and three pairs of eyes were suddenly obscured, while a multitude of gentle sobs at. tested their emotion. " May you yet live long to enjoy it yourself, my dear cousin," said Solo mon, who was impressed with the necessity of saying something. " I shall live butma few hours," was the response, in a positive voice. "You must know it ; therefore these compliments are idle. Let Mr. Miles hasten to complete his work, and return this afternoon to have the will signed and witnessed. Go now, all but Martha and leave me to repose." Three hours later in the day the important instrument, completed with all the verbal forms of law, was duly signed and attested, and during the watches of the ensuing night death claimed his victim. CHAPTER Iv. The news of the rich Mrs. Kent's dangerous illness had spread rapidly in the community, and curiosity was everywhere awake to learn upon whom her goldei mantle was to fall. The fact that she had made a will exclu sively' in favour of 'Solomon Dibbs became, therefore,: speedily known through the neighbourhood before the ink was fairly dry upon the paper; for there was no attempt at secrecy on the subject in any quarter. To the somewhat remote residence of Mr. Brandon tidings from Kent Place were more slow in penetrating. The news of their relative's danger ous situation had not reached Hubert and his daughter, until that morning, when Bell, as has been seen, vainly sought to visit her, and it was not until the evening that the unwelcome but not unexpected intelligence of the making of the will was received. Still they did not dream of the im mediate death of Mrs. Kent, and Bell, who grew calculating only in her father's behalf, was not without a hope that the next morning's promised in torview with her grandmother might result, not indeed in her becoming the heiress of the estate, but in some sub stantial legacy in her favour. If little was said however between father and daughter on the exciting subject of the will, it was diescussed with abundance of acnorimody in the kitchen, where Josephs, the butler, and Mrs. Clutterbuok, the cook, voted unanimous reprobation upon the whole race of Dibbs, and as much censure upon the dying woman as they dared to express, in view of the fact that she might soon become a "ghost," and would be able, in that capacity, to visit a terrible retribution upon their heads. Their attachment to MissG Brandon was entirely unbounded, and everything which militated against her interest was to their honest souls a source of deep sorrow. But they hoped much from Bell's intended visit on the morrow, and as Josephs was also to go himself in the first instance, early in the morning, to inquire about the old lady's health, he retired in good season to rest. Zealous to perform well his com mission, he rose at an unnecessarily early hour and went slowly on his way, revolving in his mind many things connected with his errand. Josephs wont on, and when he reached the house the hour was yet so early that he saw no one moving about the promises, and doubted whether the domestics had yet risen. Doubtless they had taken advantage of the melancholy state of affairs to prolong their morning slumbers. He ap proached the door and knocked, and after waiting vainly some minutes for a response, he ventured to enter un bidden. Finding himself in the principal hall, he passed respectfully to an inner door which stood ajar, where he again knocked, but as before without reply. Emboldened by the general silence, he ventured to push the door a little further open and look in. His first glance told him that he was in the presence of the dead, and awakened in him an awe which would have induced him to retreat with precipitation had he not discovered at the same moment that he was not alone of the living in that solemn presence. In the large commodious armchair which had been so recently occupied by the deceased, sat, or rather reclined, Mrs. Dibbs, in a state of the most placid and profound repose, while the other equally vigilant watcher, Letitia, was stretched upon a sofa in a sleep equally unequivocal: The heavy window - curtains, carefully closed, scarcely admitted enough of daylight into the apartment to dispute the supremacy with the solitary lamp that burned upon the table. The. corpse had been laid out upon the same bed on which it had ceased to breathe, and which standing with one ex tremity against the wall and the other extending into the centre of the room was almost within reach of the startled visitor. Between him and it, and close to the head of the bed, stood a chest of drawers, also against the wall, and. as his curious eye took a rapid survey of the room, it rested at length upon a roll of paper which lay in a small, half-opened drawer at the top, and at the end nearest to the bed. Josephs looked narrowly at it for some seconds, and saw through its gaping folds that it was filled with writing. Was not this then, he asked himself, that mysterious will on the existence of which such momentous results deepended ? Was it only this little contemptible bit of paper that withheld from the beautiful Bell the rights to which she was by nature entitled, and conferred them upon a vile, unworthy man? How easy would it be to reach it, to remove it, to destroy it at his leisure, alone and unsuspected I Who would know but that the dying woman, repenting of her injustice to her nearest kindred, had herself destroyed the will before her death, by casting it, unobserved, in the adjacent fire. In the meantime Mrs. Dibbs gave signs of restlessness, muttered some indistinct .words in her sleep, and seemed about to awake. There was a pair of old portraits hanging in the room, intended to re present the deceased woman and her husband when both were young, but ,the flat and faded faces of which seemed now more like the photographs of unhappy ghosts thas the image of any living flesh and blood. Staring down upon him with their cold, spec tral eyes seeming to watch his every gesture, these became to him the ob jects of especial terror, and he became sensible that if he would accomplish his project he must do it without fur ther delay, or his courage would fail, Mr. Josephs therefore crept slowly into the room, gave one more glance at the portraits and the sleepers, and then, keeping his eye upon Mrs. Dibbs as the one most likely to awake, he extended his long, brawny arm slowly and tremblingly to the paper. In another moment the crumpled docu ment was in his grasp, was pulled from the drawer, was thrust to the depths of his pocket, and the purloiner hastily but silently withdrew, not during to look back, and half expect ing to hear the clattering picture frames in pursuit. He made his escape unobserved, and turning the first corner sought his home by the nearest route, where, merely reporting that the house of Mrs. Kent was still closed and the family not risen, he retired to his own room to get rid of his dangerous freight. It was not without some sense of shame that Mrs. Dibbs awoke from her protracted sleep, conscious of her neglected watch over the remains of her friend, to whom while living she had been so assiduous in her atten tions. But in the next instant the joyous anticipations of wealth to which she arose fully occupied her mind. She gave a hasty glance at the corpse to see that it was undisthrbed, aroused her still slumbering daughter, and then went to the drawers for the pur. pose of closing and fastening the de pository of the precious will. The drawer in which it had lain was still half- filled with papers,and MIrs. Dibbs, without noticing or suspecting the absence of the only one for the safety of which she was solicitous, closed and carefully looked the drawer, and with a smile of placid exultation deposited the key in a place of safety about her person. Meanwhile, the butler's wits were sharpened by what he considered his own extreme peril; aid to avoid suspicion he went through the cero mony of repeating his call at the house of Mrs. Kent at a later hour in the morning, and inquiring after the health of the deceased. He then re turned and reported the startling and unwelcome news of her death, thus dissipating the few remaining hopes of Hubert and his daughter. 3iAPTER ,.r Dibbs, meanuwhil, congratulated himself without ceasing on the triumphant ouacess of his skilful management; nor did he mean that any time should be lost in taking possession of' the estates which he had so honourably acquired. He consulted Mr. Miles, and was in formed that a proper time for produc ing and reading the will, preparatory to offering it for proof, would be immediately after the funeral; and that it would be proper that the heir- at-law, and all the immediate relatives of the deceased, should be invited to be present on that occasion. " And a nice time they'll have of it, won't they ?" said Dibbs ; " but there is nobody but Bell Brandon and her father, and I will walk over there and notify them myself." Solomon proceeded with alacrity to the dwelling of Hubert Brandon, whom he found little disposed to ad mire the choice and flowery language in which, in the exuberance of his delight, he made known the object of his visit. Brandon replied to him briefly, that himself and daughter would attend both the funeral and the reading of the will; for his knowledge of its contents was gathered only from rumour, and he scorned to question Dibbs in regard to it. He did not in deed doubt the general accuracy of what he had heard, but there might still be some bequest to his daughter, who, as the legal heir, ought not to be unrepresented on so important an oc casion. Hubert vWas a proud man, utterly incapable of fawning upon wealth, and had striven hard to main tain a manly independence of station without recourse to the assistance of others. But as he had not considered that he had the right to stand in the way of his daughter's advancement at a former period, so neither now, as the natural guardian of Bell, could be overlook her interests in her grand mother's estate, which, if any, had at length become fixed and determinate. The day of the funeral arrived, and the father and daughter did not de cline a seat in the family carriage of the deceased, which was graciously sent by Mr. Dibbs for their accommo dation, and in which that individual and his lady became their companions. They had a brief eulogy on the de ceased, on the way, from Solomon, and a longer one at church from the Rev. Mr. Smythe, with many edifying remarks on the subject of her charity to the poor, and her bounty to the church; and poor Bell began 'to think that she had been a very ungrateful and undutiful girl towards her now sainted benefactor. Even the Dibbses partook, by re flection, of the praises lavished on one who had favoured them so highly, and the unsuspecting girl began to be op pressed with a sense of even their ex ceeding goodness, compared with her own demerit. This impression was confirmed while returning to the house of mourn ing, when Solomon took occasion patronisingly to say to Mr. Brandon that his wife and daughter were already occupied with schemes for the benefit of Bell, which he could do no more then than hint at, but which he was " happy to say, struck him as being comprehensive and judicious." Bell looked with glistening eyes at her father for some acknowledgment of this kindness, and felt chilled by the cold civility of his reply; but she soon had sufficient proof how much more competent a judge of human nature he was than herself. (To be continued.) 