I A GAME OP BLUFF. 4 Do you want to see me T 'Ties. sir. I- saw this firm's advertisement in the "D uh; Planet." this morning, and have come to apply for the position.1 ' ll'm, vca. Acq you familiar with our line 6 t business f x No, sir, I am not; but I think I could x'luiikly 'familarise myself with my duties.1 ' \Vhero have you been employed before V . ' I have not been employed at all- that is, I haven't worked for pay ; after leaving col lege I l>eg«in to study law ; reverses came ; I was compelled to seek means of earning a livelihood at onco. I veallv wish von wn..u give me a chance.® 'I am sorry, but l am afraid you wouldn't do. We need a man who is thoroughly fanu lhl- with our business, one who can juiiip right in and take hold. Possibly you could learn rapidly, but wc iioccl immediate sers'ico. You can no dottiit tind employment with some other &yiiso;, in a position from which you can Work up. The position we have to offer is one.that absolutely requires experience.' ' That is what 1 am told everywhere, and I have been to so many places. 1 am quite dis couraged.' ' Tut, tut: a young man like you has ho business to he discouraged. All th'e world is before you. Try until you succeed. Sorry we can't employ you. Good morning.' The busy man of business having thus ab ruptly terminated the interview that was so unsatisfactory to the applicant, John Owens, there was nothing left for the latter to do but to take his departure and go out into the streets again- the streets through which lie had walked for miles, day after day, in vain search of employment, until he was sore of foot, and sick at heart. in which he found Iiiniself . the strait* soil <,f rtc]l p"r . . ®ein2 ^ only I cnrele^lv J,?"v,lhad ?Pellt his youth r' n.. i'* \\* vi ai< beso but the vaguest } h3d ;,UtUr° °°cuP»tions in life. He ? S theCnd ^fh"8 mU°h leRrnin« as ^eres an oi 1average young man wifh tbrouffh coS°0 °f mo"eyt° sPend^l'°I'^S03 "SH.coUe*, m a leisurely manner graduation he had begun the study of buv enteri^T l'° !?jl fe,t a P^ioular desire for , entering that profession, but because he W? ag te" >' «» tile propper Uiiiig to I W,\ ' STe- IiIUS dofinit* Td an oppor? ; 'firstSf-* °ffice had been the hrst that presented itself. Then had coma wealrhanC1^-aSt ,hafciinnihilated his f'^her's I Thrown, frriolly upon.his own resources the ! S|T0Ul!h f hi"?3elf 'lb0Ut 118 helpless as a T»wg' niy "lal° person of twenty-three [ i w t>e- Still too proud to seek assist I tance among t losa ".ho ,^d bnQwn speritvShpTK]S~aS fl'Iends S°-^ bis pro S' !le had scraped together what little i T°"ny rema»'ed to him «ntl borne to the metropolis, in whoso hurly- burly he had hoped to gad somewhere a starting point in But he had been seeking employment for I etnpr'1 Weeks,ln ram' Evel7 where his in ff ®ewUpCe aud unfemiliarity with business | affairs were considered proofs of his inability to perform even the most ordinary duties rlli; '"l'"Cy Wa3- nC,"rly"onei he began to tfmes ^7 "T m - j3 P°sition were some times driven to suicide. Such a thine had forT lncxi aWu to ''ini, not, so very long be Had he no one but himself to care for it would not have been so bad; but he had m'nr f-Jw'iS f "r'ldualio"> foolishly having f. ilea to consider that he had no right to do mnnJ0"8?8 he ,"'M wholly dependent on money not earned by himself. Still he had had this excuse, that the young woman fritb whom he had Mien in love *a4 &n; orphan £°m \ - ' dlsta"fc Natives had not been the most pleasant. The thoughts of the pri" Iw'h "I"? "-S >'0U,,P «'ife, who hud placed bet h-u.t in him, would have to suffer, un less matters soon took u turn for the better forced something like a groan from him as he stepped into the street again .cth-ltf0^!"111, T'\ Iifoalld bustle and nr col , Everybody had something to do "ne The H 7; H° al0,le could Sct tioth ln7" ihe thought was maddening moment 1 Tnb * Sl,cak to » 0 n^IWs b!iouIdp- ti'?,;yorda aud felr a light tap horecocui- ,i "C D-, n 0 saine tlme- Turning, inir m- . a midd!e-aged, prosperous-look i,A ,a!1 \v"om he had soon in the office he just left. The stranger walked on, and Owens went along wondering what was to come. 1 m on the road for this house ; fraVc to catch a train in twenty minutes'; but I think 1 can give you a little good advice before I'm ott. I heard yo\n- talk with the old man iust now Do you play poker V * les-that is, I have sat in a little game once in a while. I3ut 'vhat- 1 'loullsee what in a minute. I'm clad you know a little about the game t it feaVes the trine it would take to eSDlaifa. but you don t know much about It. 1 could see that troni the way you went at the old man. Now of pnCr h,e wh0 takes th0 pot in a eam° ; Why, the man who shows the best hand.' "" WrojS, all wong ; but I thought you'd Bay that. The pot goeB to the man who makes all the others believe that he holds the best liana, without showing it. That's the science of poker, my boy; and all this life's only a great bi£ game of poker. The ftian who is tH oest bluffer rakes the bot.' .<.*«£ I don't see--* * We 11 come to that in a moment. You'll excuse r.Ve for doing all the talking; there lsti fc time enough for both of us to talk. What i am getting at is this. You let the old man make you show down your hand right at the opening of the game, and as you didn't hold eyen . aoe high, why, you didn't havo the ghost of a chance. Next time you apply for a position, bluff, my boy; bluff for all you're worth. If you do it right, the chances are ten to ono you won't be called, and you'll scoop the pot.' J 'rin°n''; I quite understand .you.' 111 make it plainer to you, my Unsophis heated young friend. You went and blurted out to the old men that you had ho expe rience in his business, that you hadn't been einp.oycd anywhere before ; and worst of all, that you were hard up. When you get to ; know human nnture as well as I do yoii'll i know that tnere isn't one inan in fifty who'll employ a man whom Ire knows to be hard up. The hard-upness is regarded as evidence that a fellpw isn't good for anything ; that's the way of the world. If a fellow's prosperous, or seems to be, every body is anxious to make him a little more so. That's another way the world has.' ' Bub he asked 1110 questions, and I lud to answer them, and it wouldn't have been right to tell untruths; besides, if I had told liim what wasn't so and he had employed me, I should have been found out, and then I should have been worse off than before.' 'Young man, I don't wonder that you haven't caught 011 anywhere. Your'e really too green to mix with tlm great, big, busy world. I didn't say lhat you should have lied. Tho man who bets his pile on a pair of deuces doesn't lio. Ho simply allows the others in tho game to suppose he holds a full house, or four of a kind or something like that-if they want to suppose anything like that. You should have allowed the old man to suppo3c a whole lot. You could have answered him without telling him everyt hiug. You want a position ; that's the main thing. After you get it you'll find it not so hard to keep, if you have your wits with you.' ' I begin to see what you are driving at.' ' Thanks. Thought you would, after a while. Now go home and think over what I have told you. To-morrow morning look through the want ads. in the papers, pick out the best ones and make a note of them. Say, haven't you got a botter suit of clothes than tho one you've got on ? I thought so. Put it on. Make yourself look as prosperous us possible. Get a good cigar and put in your mouth. You needn't light it, then you won't offend any one who happens toobjectto smoke in the oflice: besides, it will last longer. Put on a front. Act JIS if you felt that your ser vices were so valuable that it was really con ferring a favor on your part to otter them. Fix your replies ao that they will make it appear that you know all about the duties of whatever position you apply for. Trust to your wits and luck to help you after you get it. Don't forget thercigar. It's the univer sal outward evidence of prosperity-in con nection with good clothes, of course. There, I've got three minutes to skip to the station and catch my train. Good-bye. Good luck (o yuu. Here';; my card. Let mo hear from you. Owens WAS about to speak some words of thanks, but his uuoxpectedly-foiind friend was already out of earshot. The young man walked to his lodgings in a brown stud}'. Before ho went to bed that night lie had re solved to follow tho commercial traveller's itdvice, and had n>apped out his plans for the morrow. Ho slept moro soundly that night, and folt more refreshed the licit morning than for matiV days before. ' I happened to notice, while looking clll'ougli my paper this morning, that you are in need of a doublo entry bookkeeper, and have come to ofl\\.-r my services.' Once more John Owens is confronting the ' old man ' of a large business house. He has followed the advice giveh him in every particular) even to the cigar) which he holds between his lips in the manner of a man who is accustomed to smoki»g his perfectos 'dry.' The words quoted ho has spoken ill a tone that indicates that it makea not the slightest difference to him whether his services arc accepted or not.. 'Ibis is hot his first atteinpt of the day, but while the others have bsen unsuccessful, they have enabled him to per fect. himself in his new ' rolo.' ' You are. familiar ivith the work of a busi ness like ours V ' \\!ou do not suppose, I hope, that I should apply for the position if I were not prepared to fill it.' His tone is indicative of surprise that such a question should have been addressed to hitti^. ' No, of course not. Have you references from your former employers'(' ' I have not. I believe that a good busi ness man places little reliance in references. They are easily obtained, and frequently are worth no more than the paper on which they are written. I prefer to let thy work speak for ltselfi' 1 Well, there is something in that. Where have you been employed V ' I came from C not long ago. I did work for several large firms there at different times ; but X tound thv; bjjj.toHUmtie3 too limited.' Cfr'iV is was not prevaricating when he spoke of having good work for large firms, for in his capacity as lawyer's clerk he had on different occasions drawn up legal papers in cases which the lawyers were conducting for the firms. To go into details was not in line with his newly adopted tactics. . iJoulct -you begin work at onto V ' Sot very well. I have some business to attend to that will occupy my time the rest of this week. T could begin next Monday. What salary do you pay ?' ' We have been paying 8,COO dole, per year. Howevev, we should expect to start a new man vvkh less.' ' In that case I should hardly care to accept. It seems to me that inasmuch as I am to do the work that has been done before, I should receive the money that has been paid before.' Otvens was bluffing beautifully. ' Well, perhaps you are right. Consider yourself engaged. I shall expect you next Monday,' ' I shall not fail you. Good morning.' It was difficult for Owens to restrain out ward eridences of his inward exultation, but he succeeded with an effort, and left the office and the establishment with the air of a man to whom it would have been a mattur of utter indifference if he had not obtained the position. Once out8ide( he felt like dashing madly through the crowded thoroughfares, in order to brin;' the good news to his wife as quickly as possible. But again, he restrained himself, and contented himselfwith walking as rapidly as was consistent with the air of dignified prosperity which he had assumed^ ill the direction o£ his lodging. The rest of that Week We devoted, to the 'business' of vyhish h'e had spoken. It con sisted of hastily acquiring a superficial know ledge of double-entry \\)u jk-keeping. The following Moli'duy found him at his deft, bright and early, with some misgivings, it Is true; but also with the determination to overcome whatever difficulties might present themselves. He had no easy time of it, but he succeeded, and before many weeks had passed his employers complimented him on the excellence of his work. Some years afterwards, when ho had been made a partner in the business, he told 'tho old man' all ulroUt the game of bluff he had played* And the old man, who had sat in a little game himsolf occasionally, laughed, and said ' You played it well, my boy ; you played it well.'-Arthur Lucas, in "Yankee Blade." 