,^miie@«&i;£,£$. DRAMATIC & MUSICAL NOTES. [By Touchstone J Owing to absence in the country I must apologise to my readers for the non- . appearance of the usual old Launceston playbill this week. Lawrence Campbell, the clever enter tainer and reciter, intends to settle in Launceston. Mr Campbell has excellent English testimonials. X chULX ILL x.C5VJGl£/U VI at xictvvaouxc y*.i.KJ* Wales) paper from the ': m anager of th e Norman - Baker dzamatic combination. The heads of the company were popular members of Mir Bland Holt's late staff of, actors. The piece announced was ' Hood man Blind,' and the efforts of the company were very favourably commented upon in the account of the production. There is no alteration to announce in the list of attractions offered at the lead ing Melbourne and Sydney theatres. Among Miss Ellen Terry's most valuable treasures is a diamond bracelet bearing thia inscription,. 'Ellen Terry, from Alexandra, Princess of Wales,' ' Miss Ada Eehan, the American actre3S, is writing her memoirs. The book will contain an account of several interviews with the late Lord Tennyson. , Miss Lois Fuller, the American lady who originated the Berpeutine dance, recently made her debut at the Folies Bergere. She was engaged at .£340. a month. An English contemporary remarks that the practice of 'tipping' gallery boys in order to secure applause is still rampant. It is to be imagined that the, practice is not wholly unknown in Australia. Mr Henry Irving's famous collection of Kean relics, says an English contemporary; is to be augmented by a decidedly novel exhibit. It seems that when Kean was in Canada a tribe of Huron Indians elected him as their chief. They called him by a poetical name of eight syllables and held war dances to celebrate the christening. Kean, who must have been fond of a joke, allowed himself to be decked out in the Huron costume — plumes, leather leggings; and greasy paint ; and while in this guise sat to a skilled artist for his portrait. The engraving has baen preserved among the effects of the late Mrs Leigh Murray, and now, to the keen satisfaction of Mr Irvingr; the original costume has been discovered, to be transposed at an early date to the study of the Lyceum actor. ? Macready accumulated a vast wardrobe. What became of it i3 a question which has1 lately bsen raised. It seems from his diary that on his retirement in 1851 he disposed or a& or ms aresses to tne man ager of the Hay market, Mr Benjamin' Webster, receiving for them the very moderate sum of .£100. The only memento which Macready preserved for him self was a portion of the Jace from the Cardinal's, dress in Eichelieu. The order of the Holy Ghost, worn in that character, was given to Mr Phelps. The whole dress of Vir ginius, with the part, was given to Mr John Forster, the essayist and biographer, and the scroll of parchment which was used in. the second act in the betrothal of! Virginia is in the Forster collection at South Kensington. The white hood worn in ' Philip Artevelde' was presented to Lady Pollock, and the dagger to Charles Dickens. . The ultimate destiny of the greater portion of the wardrobe is not now known, for it is hardly to be hoped that it still forms part of the 'properties' of the Hay market. Signor Barracchini, a well-known manager ana eccentric of ? Naples, died recently. He had seen the boards of his theatres, 'The Valle' and 'The Metas taaio.' trodden by whole generations of illustrious actors. Antonio Barracchini wag an enormous man, a second Falstaff, and of late years took to spending his days in the box office of the Valle, with his large hands spread on his knee?, his red face bent over his ever increasing body. There, ' in the little dark room, he watched the sale of tickets, conversed with artists and reporters, and saw his fortune growing steadily larger and larger, until it reached 6,000,000f. Every evening, in spite of his age, the manager sat in front of his theatre ' observing and controlling everything. ' This mode of life no doubt affected his health. The evening before his death he was as usual at his post. On Sunday he retired to a private room, and not return ing as usual was sought for and found dead. ? On 'Hallow e'en' the popular Scottish vocalist, Mr Eoberb Kennedy, son of the oelSbrated exponent oil Scottish minstrelsy, the late Mr David Kennedy, gave hi entertainment of 'The Songs and- Sfcoriea \ of Scotland' t ' an audience that entirely filled the Princes' Hall, London. published some characteristics of the cele brated Italian singers. Grisi and Mario are described and commented on. ' Of Grisi it is said that ' without possessing much sense of humour she often said droll things, and the quaintnes3 of her Italian i3ed English, abounding with literally translated Italian idiom, was amusing, n«t . only to others, but even to herself. However, she, like the others, rook kindly to English customs, ' and I . remember one day in : the foyer] dss artistes, \ during a concert' at .the Bijou Theatre (when various views; were being., expressed as to the beverage least pernicious to the voice), all agreed in con demning tea aa detestable, coffee allowable only if taken noir, champagne admissible, . and Madere only doubtful. Grisi confessed that for her part she was very partial to farf-an- arf,' and Malibrau revealed that in the desert scene in one of B*liVs operiia, where she had to drink from a gourd, she always had it hlled with . ..... bottlert stout ! In fact, tbis stimulant seemed absolutely necessary to supply the dash and ' spirit needed in a bravura song, or in any Been© requiring energy near tbe end o£ a performance. It is known that she once fainted on the stage after singing * Ah non giunge,' the finale to the * Sonanibula,' Just aa if she had been the real Amina.' With reference to the cable message an nouncing that Madame Antoinette Ster ling, vocalist, would visit these colonies in the spring, Mr P. A. Howells, the repre . «entative of Mr W. H. Poole, who has for eeveral years been acting as agent for Eng liish musicians in the Australian colonies; but i?ho has returned to England, aays that the arrangements for her visit are not yet completed, but he expects a message in a few days making definite arrangements. It is proposed that Madame Sterling shall arrive in Adelaide in April, and after mak ing a tour of the colonies shall return in August, taking with her five Ausbralian musicians, who are to appear in London in September next under engagement to Mr W. H. Poole. Offers have been made to several leading musicians in the colonies who would make a strong party, which Mr ??'?; Poole proposes introducing to the London musical public, not as artists only, but as showing what is being done for musical culture in the Australian colonies. Launceston residents will remember the past successes achieved by Harry J. Pollard in operatic management, and will learn with pleasure that a company of juveniles recently organised by him in Melbourne has just concluded a season of brilliant success in Brisbane. The press of that colony speaks in the highesb termg . .?'??? of praise of the performances of the chil dren, and the manner in which the opera *' Rip van Winkle' was staged, the public also being unanimous in their encomiums. Inconsequence of the hot weather pre vailing in Brisbane, Mr Pollard, studying the health of the youngsters, returned to Melbourne prior to starting for a tour through Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Geelong. ' After the completion of the Victorian season, the company will make a visit to New Zealand and play through that colony, and it is hoped that Mr Pollard will then re-visit Tasmania. 