* COIJ/AI'SU!) A lit CASTMJ. •VT Is a questionable comfort to bo n J bachelor. 1 had novel' felt mora ■onvinced of that faflt Uian 1 did oti our particular day in December. Tlio sun— which 1 find often affects our moods seriously by die way lie looks down upon us was in a coquettish mood, and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. The ladies More out in ominous piopheoy of a stormy morrow, n sign that seldom fails —not figuratively speaking, jiermit me to remark, for I am no judgo of other men's i matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe (be verdict of fiction, "where the sky that bad been obscured with clcude was liuug with a hundred rainbows, and life was olio perpetual summer of bliss nfler the bright particular 'she' appeared on the iirviiou of his life." ' 1 Literally, I remarked, however, that tlio unusual number of the female persuasion in the streets of Cur famous town portended a storm, and so my prophecy proved true; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, just as 1 imagine society belles must appear utter, a brilliant bull, where they have. squandered three days' siqipliea of smiles and blandishments on one eveitinp. 1'er-1 Imps ■ tlie atmosplieie wanned up enough fieople to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in tlie shadows afterwards, just the same. , Questionable, I remarked, is thj comfort of a bachelor. It is very (Uttering to be pointed out as some s|H)CiaJ genus of a race, in en exclusive wey, shining with an unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman we just passed is Mr. Scribbler, at) old bachelor.*' I felt a new acoession of dignity, for 1 observed the tone was respectful, as if I lied been quoted as a " bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. No second fiddle dubbing, as Mrs. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder 'I could assume a patronising aud complacent lock as I passed 'oh. . . Another group came down the Avenue. One of Qic young ladies 1 recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after lfiad bouod and walked slowly on, these words sainted my ear,— " O May 1 You eliould set your cup for Mr. Scribbler']" " May and December 1 That would be like tlie story I read lately," was the reply hi silvery tones, that sounded very pleasant, atid sent ft flutter through even my old veins asl listened, hoping to lit-armore pleasantries atmycxpenseofoeencouraginga character, especially as 1 had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like one 1 could wish to possess as a— daughter. .'But the next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. " You know he might not lire long, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow, with }4et)t.y of admirers, and —" Mi?twe ! 1 thought my plodding neigh bour across the street, who whs only Mrs. Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim pfsuch a dark conspiracy* In this mood of sudden humility I encountered an old frieud, heavily laden with parcels, who was not only somebody's husband, but an old-time rival. .My greeting imrtook of the nature of con gratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an'invitation to Call at my bachelor quarters, lie assured me —making a sudden dive toward a dry goods Store—that if he-got his errands done in Bine he .would come^ Errands ! Bless toy soul I Where is the hardened benedict going to slow away tlie Test of bis "errandd"—and what made him look ee if haunted llv some irate fury as lie edged off hurriedly^ to buy calico, tin end, W jaiper oPpint, rieriiapg, or a, yard of rf^Kio, or some other feminine possessions that old bachelors are hot euppoeed to. realise the need of 1 ' '' \- iOh my homeward journey, thinking and 'moralising on (he two opposite states ■ of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few (mcee, in tlie jingling of sleigh boll", that announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and—jolly, I should here once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke eh recently that.it.sent a shiver through me—elderly bouples tucked up snugly, and talking com fortably, or jogging ou in melancholy silence. Bo contradictory are all general Application* lo racial states that I gave it up as too far beyond uie to eol ve the problem " To be or bet to be." ' Tbb whistle of the early evening train and I concluded my friend had been eo iou'g delayed with matching that particular eliade of ribbon, or finding tlmt identical tattera of slippers, that be had no time to ropin to commiseiate an old bachelor in hie lonely lob. He was asort of rival years ago, and uo One could condemn me for feeling a slight resentment on being "cut out," to use a common phrase. But time heals many a admit, and; one turns bock, when one is old, oneoramouly kindly to the friends of youth. ;J isald. tbe night comedown dark and .ny.and If ell to musing somewhat d is lly on a state that I felt in doty bound to end; fit -publics. I, moreover-- thinking iblowering night would exempt me from itiusiou -was engaged in the verywomanish ik of darning my own hose. M y methodical ither bad insisted on' my leariiiug iBrat accomjilishment, lest I should need to IjOpw how : I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing this when I was 10 years younger, but now my fingers bad grown clumey.and tlie needle would go into the tjrpong plACCr-ae often into my fingers as Jpjofhe edge of the chasm 1 was trying to m-idge over with yarn. ' ^Wm.kSUmithiug bow a person who has .'.strict gunrdover his tongue will Suddenly remember all the " swear words " ~ - "" knew upon such a provocation. -1 bad '^Ufjt Ctmie to the last fissure in those bosSn when {saw my friend's figure pass the I heard tie stop at the door, and ilytb rusting the darning-needle into fparly cpent ball, threw them Into a loned wooden ranker, and carelessly adjidean red handkerchief over all, as St ratheivashamed to be found mending dnge bytbis man of nil others, who bad ..etokeep him neat. Jiigtli ought put me on tlie defensive at, 6j*ior J said to uiyeelf: " ' Ve- are spies! jSefc the .nakednets of the land are ye ne.' ' Without compromising truth, I 1%-exteriiall^ prove tlie tranquil joy dyjLd .Joshua looked tired and ill at riwdafter looking into the dark corner*' hut apprehensively, drew up asplint , ted chair to tlie fireplace, and enon "sociable under the cheering influence lie yuddy bhuie, before which tlie and , lipoBed, like sentinels, black and grim, iydrkhtly staring at tlie inti'uder, JsAwr «e .had talked a while on many topito hie face grew long, and solemn, and drawing .his" hand slowly over hia half-gray whfMere, lie leniarked sagely; W33lile uiust be a mierhty bard lire for you to lead, llube, hero all nlohe; 1 pity you fromthebuttom of my heart, 1 do ! Don't ypu jtmlbiitjly !" . \ llvpaaiohnlly," 1 replied.'' " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut (Vood cnvtlie. fire, and tiie sputtering and snappifrrhat breaks the silence seems to fili tbe wjph with the ghosts of a quilting ben br i aeiving society.1' . Joahuta'iUiiiied up his eyes rather eus ploiousMjloaking for some situs of irony In m^W&kinnd; ooDlinut'il patronisiiiuly.— "Kovijiryou iiad a wife, iluJJCvsho would .awKJifid these apdiiont' bo you could eifc ®hu|iatfe in 'em." y'Wwib-. good looking-glass," I raid, !* WlwSlWii-S never flattered myself on bojW^b|JV;lct)Uing at." , i j man over in oprneieliboin - fiooa tfmt Vrtioold tnake yon r cHioldil wife," I ne jg rrpod loOKi'ltf, RI'HI'l * aud clexM beside* JL'ui interested i«t you, realty, and would like w cm you comfortably settled in yom deolmiiigyenre, Suppose you oomo over to our place, some time, and get acquainted V "lam not cure I need a wife," I raid reluctantly, not being willing to confess tliel Ids lost worde had fallen like oil on troubled I Bens. "I am well enough oh I am." My apparent reluctance to accept life cer vices ne match-maker aroused in bim the slumbering fire of oratory; long subdued rumour had whispered—by the sharp and overwhelming logic of his bettor half, Belinda.; "Think what It would be," asld he, "to have some one to chare your eorrowe, treble your joys (Belinda used to eing treble in the village choir when I was young), to soothe your cavee with loving worde and gentle smilos; to bestow.litles of tendercst endear inent upon you ; to be a minictering angel in sioknen; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken eublinieet harmony . In your soul; to cook your victuals, acrub the Boors, and do your washing and mending beside; to look after the fowls, and—— But whatever else Joshua might hare said was lost to me then. He had, as it were, taken me by slow stages to die meeting house steeple, end then dropped me from thence, in a twTnklihg, into awash-tub aud a poultoy-yard and kfttles and frying pans. Of courae die chock and the fall wat courae die chock and the fall was too mucli for one of uiy .sensitive tem|ierainent, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was the way lite eloquence always ended at the debating society when ho was young. He would soar, and soar, and soar, tilt he reached the "top of lather's wood pile." - I saw he was making one more, frantic effort, encouraged by my weak .silence, to convert me to his matiimoninl creed. 1 knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt tlic current of hie ideas, and atill listened. in silence, wondering, a little sceptically, why he looked so careworn* and ill at ease, in such a felicitous stale of exist ence. "And—and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your faulty, and are weary and woin with fatigue, to be wel comed home again with caressing words and a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from his brow, and drop|ied from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair,towards which he had been gyrating in liia excitement. He dropfied into the chair witli the air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of hie eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I remarked that " I was glad to hear that he and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." \Vhate " " hntever else I would have said was cut short, by his suddenly strange conduct as he sprang up from the chair and executed n dance thai was something between a walls and a breakdown, and not exactly either. " Why these antics, my friend T" I asked innocently, refraining from gazing except on liis face, which was contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. " It is indeed a fitting illustration of your- felicity when yon are impelled to leap for joy.' " Hang it all " he said, "Can't yon see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his hand around to his spine and gave another terrific shriek. " Excuse My abstraction," I said, slowly rising to investigate the cause of his fright. " I was thinking of Belinda " The cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to the small of his back, were All the contents of that chair, except the cushion. Confound Belinda !" heexclaimed, stung to maduees by jealousy and the darning needle. "1 can. stand f her sharp tongue from morning till night—I've got seasoned to it—but IHl bo darned if f can eland spikes piercing my spinal marrow." "I'lltry to extricate you; 1 understand now. Your.little pan respecting my darn ing needle here made me think yon ivere mildly sweat ing," I remarked. " Steady now!" And with a vigorous effort lite -darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and stocking were -at once removed, and I con fessed to myself with an inward chuckle that it wascertaiuly uota very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment he-had unwittingly affected —entirely done for. He had in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at the stockings, seizing on them as a subject for his next remark, "Did you do that, Reuben!" he asked. "I never see one darned so well. After all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. flneb I must be going." . " Don't hasten, Joshua—you were telling me what Belinda would say when you return; I ain getting deaf; I aont always catch everything," - "No I wasn't, neither! And you needn't be calling my wife by her first name to my face—hut I can tell you near enough, if you want to know; she will say that I was a blustering old idiot to miss-that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too," " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," -I apologised. **1 am somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I bad as many errands entrusted to my poor memdiy as you bad to-day." He looked « ~ ' as if it was no affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and collected one of my errors by present ing a much rumpled document from his vest pocket. - "There's the items; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that 1 was unable to translate correctly, and Josliua suddenly exolaimsd : " By the groat Cusar 1 If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins!" ... He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him to remind him of bis magnani mous offer. " When shall I have the pleasure of meet ing that-amiable person at your house! Miss Charity Smith, I think you called her." He looked more confused than ever, and ■suited, somewhat hoKitatinuiv , "Well, now—come to think of ft, I ain't sure she'd suit you, after all; and—come to think of it—seem* to me I heard that the thought of making'a lengthy visit to her nephew oat in Oregon. Perhnpg you had hotter wait awhile. I think I'll take it up with Miss '"Charity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave you so com fortable." He vanished, and I have not seen hint since, and the air castle is likely to share the same fate as many another. But here, what is this my eye first lights upon as I open the paper this hot midsummer day ?. " A mysterious disappearance ] Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has' been missing for several days. The depot agent Is quite euro he bought a ticket for seme Western city, but his family suspect suicide, as he has been melancholy of late." Poor Joshua) I can imagine that he would be subject to liypo oooaaionally. Belinda can't bo what , she used to he, according to tlio hints he lot drop reflecting mi her amiability, • I hardly thiuk it would be beet to attempt to condole with her, if worst has come to worst—and if Belinda Brown is really a widow—poor fellow 1 But perhaps she might, for old acquaint ance sake, forget her grief sufficiently to present me to Miss Smith- " Charity ' — that name, howe.ver.boe had, a vary pleas ing sound toioyearer' But here's' .another: Chestnut-bill Item, I liat givoe the' linlshlug > stroke to that air castle— ' " Miss Charity Smith started for Orpgqn last week." The thermometer was ninety in the shade when I csrno in with the paper. I must go nut and look at it again ; it must have fallen twenty dogreescertain. What If—Joshua had gone out to Oregon himselfl In nil Euglnnd there are only seven school boards which do not provide for religious lustrupUeii by the tesober. 