CHAPTER XI. DAHKNESS. But now the glare of light and out ward influence, and need for stern control, were gone, the reality came back, and Edith Castleton stole up to the night nursery, where her child slept, alone as yet, for the nurse was downstairs, and. here, at least, she could be solitary, alone, alone — the one cry ,of the proud, stormy, broken spirit striving to hide and crush its misery under the gloom of night and darkness. The very lamplight was hateful to it. There she sat, her ghastly face hidden in the corpselike hands, and as the shades of the dead rose up, grim and terrible, round Ulysses, so the shades of the lost and dead past gathered round the miser able woman, thick, and ghastly, and doomed. Like a too vivid dream, her whole mistaken life passed before her, from her childhood to her marriage, from her marriage to that night. Did she try and deceive herself, to per suade herself that in all she had been right ? No; hers was the strong,stern mind that cannot deceive itself, and boldly faces itself, whether for right or wrong. She had sinned at the out set, in suffering herself — no matter for what reason, no matter how young — to be forced into a marriage with one man when her heart was another's. Had she been perfectly right in set ting herself from the first against her husband, and taking his son's part against him ? Was the first duty to him or the child? She cared not. She had cast behind her all question of right and wrong-, and followed the path her will dictated, acting a part, and desperately clinging, reckleBS of all else, to the only one thing she dared to love, struggling to forget the one it was sin to remember. Heaven help her !. She had struggled as only the strong can battle and suffer, and now he suddenly crossed her path. She must meet him, per haps, contiually ; maintain calm, cold indifference ; live that terrible even ing over constantly. Her mind, al most numbed with suffering, awoke to the full horror of her position, and she dropped her ;hands, and looked round as if the.gntn'phantoMi of her misery was visibJl before her strain ing gaze.- How $iat nursery had changed';: since yesterday! How strange)' tod new,- and mocking every ?inanimate, thing looked.- The fire had sunk down,, red and,- glowing',' casting the broad; black shadows of. V the bars onrthe opposite wall,' and the chairs and tables, the 'little bed, the tall oaken wardrobe, were almost lost in the,fjloom behind them. The clock ticked with unbearable monttony, the'silence grew and ' swelled round her into something vast, .aud full of indefinable dread ; stillness became intolerable; dull torture suddenly gave place to wild, restless, madden ing agony, and forced her, by a power stronger than herself, to pace to . and fro, to and fro, as if a curse was upon her that impelled her to move. If Guy had entered then she could have stabbed him. If Lincester 'had stood there and summoned her away, she- could almost have gone, with love and hatred surging in her broken heart ; with fierce passions, whose strength she had never fully known till now, raging in her very soul ; with the awful sense of guilt, and shame, and wrong that seem to break down her very womanhood. Castleton's unfortunate wife paced to and fro — a haggard, ghastly thing of dispair — the mere ghost of the beautiful woman the world kuew. The little child moved slightly, and, with gieaming eyes, the mother paus ed over it. No love or pity for it now — for no caress was that slender hand unlifted. The deathi-like face might have boen that of a midnight assassin, for its look of ruthless' destruction. To destroy, utterly destroy, anything that belonged to her husband, was all her impulse in that fearful, dark moment. What if Bhe had given it life ? It was his child as well. The door opened quietly, and Alan stole softly in, but he paused as he saw her face. 11 Mother !' he said in a low start led tone. . She turned, saw him, and fell at his feet, with 6uch a cry &b; he had never heard before, and never could again. ' Alan I loved that man as even woman seldom lov«s. Why was he hereto-night? How can I bear it|? How can I bear it ? Oh, that I was dead, and out of my misery !' she _ said, springing, wildly to her feet. 'Mother, darling mother ! Hush !' whispered Alan, clasping his arms round her, and drawing her to a sofa. ' Yes, let me hide my shameful , head,1' she said, hiding her face ' against his breast, as if it was a guilty thing, 'for you are the only being I dare to love !' . , [To be continued.] 