Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men who bring up scoenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories-old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw,Oakey Hall, in London, and what recollections of New York under te reign: of Tweed he brought up! hose 'e great days for Hall, and for e4i N vere a great deal worse than e. \?t a follow of infinite jest he ivas, ani. what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspa per men, politicians and men ab:,ut town will long remember its attractive ness. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempt ed to prophecy the height in the tem ple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving be hind him on the field of his early tri umphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfre quented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past suffer ings. His long hair was gray-premna turely gray. His shoulders were b,.at, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he looked like a strong man horne down by the memory of some great sor row of the past. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years since I saw him before. It was 'T'heodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Inde pel?lelnt. But how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, erect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old ian. He is doing some sortof literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could. 'it but think, after seeing the man, eat the scandal in which this man's ife was wrecked was more than a more\ scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it s narrowing. The greatest of them i (tead, so are others, among them Anomo of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of the lawyers, Beon jamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situ ated than her husband, for she has the company and sympathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-the way places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, a miserable and broken man. 