SUPERNATURAL VISITATION ON THB MUR0HIS0N. A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE. The following, from the pen of Mr. R. C. Cox, who recently visited the Murchison district, in this colony, appears in an Ade laide exchange :— ' The overseer of an out-station on the Murchison and I have just come into camp, after being out tracking horses. Three or four niggers belonging to the station were camped a mile down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished supper and were sitting alongside the camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, calmness reigning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle, of a horse or sheep bell, and the chrip from a cricket, when we were startled by shrieks from the niggers, who eame flying into . camp and dropped down on all fours behind us and the breakwind fire place. On questioning the darkies about this outcry and rush aJ we could get from the trembling and paralysed blacks was 'Mundong, mundong/ the meaning of which is ghost or spirit, something uncom mon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light haif-a-mile from the camp amongst the mulgas, where, sure enough, we could see somethirg like a firestick, Buch As the niggers generally carry when going in to the bush after dark, just trail ing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at once it stopped, andsim ultaneously there flickered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done so noiselessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At last my mate pulled out bis revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly bad the report died away when every light was extinguish ed. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their miamias, but they would not move from the shelter of our camp. Next morning we inspected the sight of the previous nighfs mysterious illumina tions, ana mere, sure enougn, were cue remains of the fires, but not one single track of footprint could we or the station niggers find, and there lies the mys tery. You will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for thiB very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra came in from the bush with her piokaninnie and wonga, and stated that she bad seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. Questions elicited the informa tion that this supernatural being was like an 'emu with a blaekfeUow's head.' The blacks up here are a splendidly made lot, the women more so than the men. They are peacably inclined/' Mr. Archibald, a lecturer from Melbourne, gave an initial lecture at the High School on Nov. 21 to a most appreciative audience, who thoroughly enjoyed both the lecture and the views shown to illustrate it. Mr. Faulkner (the Head Master) wrote to Mr. Archibald after the lecture as follows : — Mr. Archibald gave a most interesting illustrated lecture here last sight to the boys and friends, by all of whom it was thor* oughly enjoyed. The firatpart of the lecture was devoted to a ' Trip Home/' and not only were the dissolving views excellent but the descriptions of the various place* passed were most instructive. Mr. Archibald concluded his lecture with some humorous slides depicting the various chapters of a fairy tale, which quite convulsed the younger portion of his audience. I can thoroughly recommend Mr. Archibald as a fluent lecturer and I am sure that anyone hearing him will be both instructed and amused. 