THE STORY or ANDREW FAIRFAX. BOOK II. ?UPAURING FOR RI5 WORBE APROM TEEl MADDInNG OROWVD." "boar lovely bowers of Innocence and ease, Ses of my youth, when every sport oanld Hdplease!l· Ho often have Iloitered o'er thy green, Where humble happiness endeared each scene ! How often have I paused on every charm-. The helotiired cot, the cultivarted farm, Then vaer-faaling brook, the busy mill, Thodqbot church that topped the neigh. b'ring: hiU; The hawthorn bush, with seats beneath the. shade, For talking ago, and whisp'ring lovers ~'?made"' -OLIVER GoLDs5)xTn. The next day Andrew found his way to Kr Adoiphus ~Veluwm. " I am come to toll you that Tshall not be able to write any more for you," he said. " Why, what's the row now P" asked Mr Vellum. "'iohre is -no row," replied Andrew. "lhlave eslmply come to tell you I must cease sobe one of your contributors." Mr Vellum turned his chair around. W-I know what it is," he said. "You think you are underpaid ; so you are. I wasr saying to myself last night, says 1, ' Young airfax's ability has not been re cognised. Fourpence a pageis notenough for him. I'11 put on another penny." .Andrew could soarcely keep from laugh ing. I believe in paying men," continued Isr Vellum; "and although a penny a page'l make a difference to the profits, I'll doit. I want to recognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page'll mean eighteen pence a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if jon work on Sundays, ten and six penco, J assure you that has no weight with me whatever," said Andrew;I "my mind is -." " Come, now, I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand; hbt you've got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what-if you'll stick to me, of courso- you may become as popular as even the author of 'he fattle wilh a Ghost. Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll be the making of you, I will, and"-here Mr Vellum became confuden -tial-" I'm thinking of starting a new firm of publishers, and you might-I don't say you will, because suchathing only happens to the few-but 1 might make you an editor in time, and then you'll have an office of your own, like me," and he swelled with the dignity of his office and the great ness of his offiee, s"No," said Andrew; "my mind is male up. - u yu vu uuU n DOUgUT up,' criea Mr Vellum. "I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tappeny, or threpeny who can afford it have seen your stun, and have bought you over.. It's a mean, dirty shame. Where would you have bin, but for me P Who know'd you P Nobody but ?inns. And now when you are gettin'use ful, you throw up the spongo, and coolly walk away, It' a hardblow. I'v a good mind never to bring another man out. It gives no encouragement to a man of letters iked me to encourage such tyros as you. Come, now, what do you want ? How much no you want me to give P" " You quite mistake me," said Andrew i "I am not going to write for another editor, at any rate, for a long time. I'm leaving London." " Levi' Londonu " Mr Vellum genor ally got wrong in his pronunciation when he became excited. " Leavin' London Why, you must be mad! Just as your career was openin' up. Just wen 1 could do something for you. Why, man, in time you oould make as Imuch as three pound ten a week, and be as widely known as Deadwood Dick." " Neverlheless, 1 am going to leave Lon don," " Where are you going ?" "Into the country." "But not for long ?" "For a year at least." Mr Vellum looked at him steadily, as though he doubted his senses. "Leave London, when he's got such chances i" he said slowly; " give up a re putation which he might make almost equal to my own; give up the idea of being admitted into the 'Daring Dick Llub' well, I'm blowed! It's enough to make a man forget his grandmother"; and Mr Vellum looked out of the hole in the box as though'he had at last seen a miracle, Andrew found his way back to the don in which he had lived for several months, but which he was now about to vacate. He had said - good-bye " to Mr Pinno, and be yond him there was no one who oared what became of him at least, so he believed, " Bless yer," said the landlady, to whom ho said good-bye, "I shall soon see her back again. A young gent like you can't live in the country. What you want is a mother, sir, and tAlt you'll never git in the country. You'll soon feel the want o' me, sir. When you are tired ov' a night, you'll say, i' 1 wish Mrs Liggins was 'ere,' that you will, And, sir, 1 shall surely miss you, Hlat 1 shall," There was no doubt that Mrs Liggins would miss Andrew, in more ways than one, Indeed, there were many ways in which she interested herself in him. An. drew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs Liggins always assured him that he used more than half a pound a week. Then she assured him that lie ate five pounds of bacon every meek, although he only had two small slias each morning. Besides this; Mrs Liggins had a remarkable thief of a eat. ometimes Andrew would treat himself to a pork pie, or some such luxury, eating only a part of it at one meal, how ever, leaving the remainder for another time. But whenever he enquired after it, he was assured that the cat had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable article belonging to Mrs Liggins. It was a remarkable cat. alf a chicken was no thing to him; and, what was more wonder tul still, he was as lean as a cat could be. An ordinary observer would have said that the cat was starved, but Mrs Liggins would take a solemn oath before Mr Fairfax and a whole, bench of magistrates that " Shah eat more'n a Sn, Barnum's dog a terrible deal, and was enough to drag a poor woman to the grave;" so, of course, An drew could only believe and wonder. He could not help giving .Ars Liggins a sly hint, however, by way of a rejoinder, that he hoped Shah would not feet his absence as much as Mrs Liggins did. By midday he had found his way to the station, aud was soon rushing through beautiful country fields and woods, towards the scene of his birthplace, with a feooling \-- fX BenO What were the firt stops that he must take He wason tering upon a life of which he absolutely knew nothing, and he must be careful. At best, the idea of his taking this step would be called Quixotic by all well-balanced minds. But he did not care for that. btrange as the proceeding wau , he knew he was doing right, It was true ho cout not sketch out any plan of notion i but he hbad no doubt he would mmnage somclhow. He had, on the rccomnelndation of Mr Plans, got a rough suit of cl, th,,-quite unlieo what farm labourers nually wear, kj is true, but nevertheleas suitable for the tilt he rought to lead. A lnirt of his old attire he had left in Mr linns's care, whilt he bad brought just enough to reuuind hiiii ot the days when the world was different. Morgan Cross, lie lound, was a little roadl aido station, It had beue called Morgan tCross owing to the fact that close by were four crossways, while on the hedge near by was an ancient cross, supposed to be put there in a far-off ago, when a convent. by the name of Morgman Convent, flourished in that part of the country. Andrew was the only passenger who alighted there, and he could not help being oppressed by the wondrous stillness that reigned. The silence was so great that it seemned to make a noise, and as after the train had swept out of sight the porter omv ero takhm fs ticket, a sort of awe eretit over him, for he felt o was entering to him, an unknown world, "This is Morgan Cross ?!' he said to the porter. The porter nodded his head. " iThere is no inn of any kind hero P' "You main public.ousze P No." " Which is tho nearest P" "There's wawn, the Oss and Waggon, 'bout a mile on, Then there'astwo in St. Naot." "St. Neot you mean P' "The's weot I sud." " How far is it P" "'Bout vower milo-- p'r'aps ha'af mile moor.," " There's no conveyance hero p" "No. Verrel's van do callwance aweek, goin' ta St. Lerrick, that's oal." " I want to go to St. Neot to:night. How am I to get my bag there P" "Git'n there ? Why, car un younelf. Aw ! aw I aw !" Andrew found he had been making a mistake. If he would got on, helmust con form to the customs of the people. "Lsuk 'ere," said the porter, "'Ere's a bit o' rope. 'iThor' now, see that ? Tak' hould o' that end, an' loeek unn.ovver yer shoulder. Ther'now, you can or'n to St. Naot now like winkin'. Gor, yosr'andsbe finol You nevordono mueh work, 1k naw. You ca'ant miss the way. Thore's tele graph poasts all the way 'to St. Naot. Good- night." Andrew's first impulse was to put his ]hands in his pocket to find some coppers, but he reflected that snuch a proceeding would not do. Accordingly he trudged along the quiet lane carryingb his bag on his back. Only two or three passed him on the way, and they took but little notice of him,. It was not uncommon for young fellows to be seeking advice, most of whom carried their scanty luggage with them. Before he lhad gone half-way to St.Noot, night was upon him, but it was by no means dark. There was a strange charm in everything, too. The air was scented by a thousand flowers that grew on the hedgeside, while ever and anon sounds greeted his ear that made him think of fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in the branches of the trees, and again a nightorow would tell out its mouimful tale, seeming over to be near him, yet all the time far away. Again the wind would play among the leafy boughs, while the little river rippled its music over its stony bed. , "Every prospect pleases," thought An drew. "Surely the people who live here will be contonted and happy! Still-- ' Ito heard a sobbing noise, and then a sosmd of voices. S"You'll go 'way, Jack, an' never come 'ome no more," he heard a girl's voice say. "No, Jaaney, I wan't. I onnly want to go scmewhare, whare I o'n git a pound a week:. Then we'll git married." "But Bill Teague hey got married on less than that. Ho've only got ten shillin'." "1 knew that, but they'os starvin'. Her saith to me onnly on Tuesday night,.' If I'd knawed, J wudd'n a got married,' her aitli. Why, they'm in debt to the Johlnny F'ortnight now, and what they'll do oum winter they doean knaw." "But, Jack,l ca'ant boar't." "'Twan't be long, Jaaney. Lher' now, oan't ory." , ~U?, but-- ... Andrew felt that he ought not to hoar ny more, so he gave a slight cough, uant sassed by the couple, who stood by a gate way, evidently belonging to some farm house near. Ttho evening was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave an occasional chirp as they nestled on the twigs, the nghtcrow still chattered, the wind still played with leaf and flower, the air was still laden with perfume, and pot all was difforent. 'lThe young girl's tears had made everything different. The old story of sadness and disappointment robbed the night of its beauty. Still he tramped on until he saw a groy old tower lift its hand into the sky, and presenrly two or three tiny lights fllekered. This will be ht. Neot, I expet,a" he saidj "arid here I must manage to stay for the nirulst." isI.heoart bohat rather qluickly, for eory thing was atmoge. IHeo had novtr 95q. 1 the ,country alone before, and now th 1 sense df desolation was heavy u~op his. Passing by the churchyard gates he oaught sight of. a group ot youths lolling,about' 1 who, when they sow him, stood and gapled I as though he were a curiosity, "Who's that P" said one. "Dunaw," replied another j "never zeed 'ee avore. Tall chap, ed'na P" "I'm goin' to see wher' 's eol','" said a third, and then all the group started to follow Andrew. Evidently a new face was a wonder to them, espeoially if he were a littl out of the common, Evidently they had nothing to do, and nowhere to go, so they had grouped themselves together in order to find something to interest them, I SThe young man turned around on them, ( "There's a public-house hero, is there not P" "There's two," " YWhich is the best ?'" "Bost I Why, ther's no difference in'em. i Tau'lord Tommus do kip wawn, and Bill Bst th' other, There, tha's the Quoeen's Open mouthed they followed him until he entered in, then.two or three had the bold; ness to follow him. Probably the bole ones had a copper or two, and so could drink; the others, having no mney, would not dare to enter. He found his way into the tajl-room, and saw the landlord. "Can I have a bad here to-night P" he 1 said. Tho landlord looked at him as if unable to make him out. Thore ough clothes whlih Andrew wore did not at all accord with his fine face and general appeoarance. "' Who be you P". he said. "I amn come here to look for Work," re plied Andrew, coloring, "and I want to stay here for the night." " BUtyouba'antno farm servant, be 'co P" " No, but I want to be now." The landlord eyed him from head to foot, as though in great doubt, Presently his face cleared, and his eyes brightened. "Ah, you've beeoon a sodger I speot, and yer time's up." Audrew did not speak, but the landlord took his silence for assent. "Thot so," continued the landlord, knowingly, as though he were proud of his ponetration. "'I oud see you wad'n a faroslabbut. Wheroded'eo cul front now." " London," "Wha's yer name, un F" " Andrew Fairfar." IIo thought it best to give his trueo namoe, because tlhereby Iheo wouox4 eo abl, to Cl5" I"i a certain friondlainess with Vs p?oPl e5 peoially if people roemoamberead his fatLher, " Andrew satirfar I o you? .fr.. tta| way, then .' " ly father wma." " Ah!" " lie used to farm T'revoudli ; FIrms' Did you know hitu P" " Know'd un, I slhud thisnk 1 .d',, lIt you'll want to go somewherlc, wea;t 'co P I 'ardly know where to put 'ec. ill with ih farmucrs, in the palor, or wi th the men i5 n the ketcheni. You sce, yer fatler WOs 5 farser, and you lain't hlio th, rest of t I'll go in the kitchen if you don't mind," soid Andrew. " You see, I'll hlsve to work smong them." Meanwhil', the news that a "sodger" was come to stay the night hlad spread uonog those in the kitchen, The servant lho had come to fetch beeoor had heard the landlord' question, and as a conequence they were on the tip-toe of expectation. A place was made for him on the settle when he ontered, and he was greeted with becoming reverence. In a purely agricultural district like St. ooet, whore there is little or no intercourse with the great towns, a soldier is a great curiosity. On all physical feats he is an Oracle, while for knowledge of the world he .Uoancuranu ,.ewspaper. A soldier an the rustics will liste'iip'ftbot:ounen' -nu the more wonderful tho stories, the better are they' pleased. A policoman occupies a very high position in their esteem, and they eye his oudgol with wondrous rover once i but a soldier, a man who has handled a swordlhe is several stages higher than a policeman, ospooially if he understands the dignity of his position, "' Whot'll 'eo 'ave to drink F" asked one, as Andrew took his seat. "A bottle of ginger-beoer, thank you." "Be'ant teetoateller, be 'eeP" . " For the present, yes." "Oa, I thot you sodgers was beggars' to drink. Where was 'eo last, now PF" " London." " Tha's a long way '" " Yes, it's a good way, lint I wanted to come here tJ get work, beoausd my fathdr used to have a farm not far from here," " O a. " , . SYes the' farm was ollqd Trovpidlook. ty father's name was Andrew Fairfax.," "I knawd un," said an old labourer. '" He farmod Trovadlock well, he dod. But he died early, poor chap. An you'ru the little boy 'oeleftP' ?! ; ?. j '. ' "Yebs." " nBut people zed how that Squire Ilernard ded take Andrew's oheold, and doptod un." " Ho did put me to sohool.' , " Oant thot so muchq And then mwhon' you get'big eiough ybo'oent fori' sodger P'" Andrew did not reply, but asked a ques tion instead. " Who farms Trovadlock-Farm now P" "Sirne Caondy; but tea purty farmin' oa it." " How far is it from here ?" " Oa, two mile' and hiaalf, I aponse,' Te? the nearest farm to Ashwater." " What's Ashwator P" "Ashwator I Why, that's the name of the mansion, ye kmaw., Tha's where lir Bernard used to come sometimes. I-e oaued the estate when yor pore feather was linin', " Ah; and has he sold it P" "What, ded'na tell'co P Why, he sould It to a tor'blo rich ould chap as oumed from India, or some sioh place. This man bo't the mansion, an os1 the land, and oal the farms in wi' it, And dreckly after he bo't it he died, and left it oal to a little maid. Tha's sov'l year agone now, and do you know she've never bin seeoon down 'ere." " Indeed I Who lives at tho manslon F" "Nobody, 'capt the stoward, an' ther's' two or three servants to kip it clam.in." " And who managesthe estate P" ' "Oa, th' oull Beans, the steward, do everything. An' he's a skin-flint, I tell 'eo. Allays risin' the rout he es, while es for repears, nobody can't git noan !" " And what's this young lady's nameo P" " Aw, she's called Miss Lecat, she es," " You've never seen her, you say? P"' "No; nobody ain't a sed her." All this time the half-dozen youths aud menositting ar-und listened open-mouthed to the conveorsation. Only one spoke, and with a look of reverence towards the old labourer who had heeoon tnlkilng with An Irew, said that " Th oull Tommy wud be match fur'n if hle wsir, a sodgor." Not long after Andrew wont to bed. lie emembered thai; Ihe had mado um his nind to bn up betimes in the mornling, hoen he mllllst try tnlld g?t work', if iposibhle, it Trovadlook, the old flrm where his theor worked andl whore his own b:aby ioo hald been ipr.nsed. lte did not think then of the futuro that ay beforln hhu; he did not dream that ountry lifo would be such a revelation. Iappily a knowledge of the futire is kept 'ronl us all. CHAPTER IX, " WHVIKR ALT. WAS QUIET'." "The sun was gon0- now; the curled moon Was like a little feather, Fluttering far down the gulf.; ;and now She spoke through the still weather, Her voico was like the voide, th n'estrs Had whoa they sang together"' . DawNT GAltML Rocssrt.I. The nex6 morning Andraewm nt: out to, find Trevadlook Farm. .He.dildnot have very sentimental feelings .towards it but hewas, nevertheless,interestedin seeing the home of his childhood. Here his father had lived and worked, and although 'ho had never s:en him, he could not help being attracted towards .the home he hbid never seen, He hod but little diflienity in finding it.- Trovedloolk blarmr was well known, and the house did not lie far from the main road. ,-, It was a beautiful morning; The sky was clear, save for a few light, fleeny clouds, which only added to its beauty, while all beneath looked like a Paradise Th hay crop had been gathered in, while the cornfields were fast ripening, Every where was there a sign of harvest, The country was remarka'ly pretty. All around were homesteads nestling among the trees, while here and there were cot tages which looked comfortable and attractive, But one house more than any other caught his attention, No doubt itf was Ashwatcr, the umanRion which the old labourer had mentioned the night before. A large, rambling house it was, with a line park surrounding it, while in the near distance ran a river clear as crystal. On one side of the river was a wood, which sloped up to soulo tableland, while on the other was a grassy bank where one oould walk for a mile withoutdiflioulty, Anlrew waiv enclhnted by what lh saw, and us ho watched the gurgling stream and the flitting shadows which the old trees made as the wind played with leaves. he folh that here there could be nothing but glad ness. And tEen as he remomlbered the oonversation between the lovers the night before, he wondered. Presently he saw a stilo in the heldgn, and a footpath through a field which led to a farm. He was hositating whotler this might not lead to Trova?.loook, whno he heard a rumbling noise, and, turning, he saw a lad with a horse and cart, Ioth horsp and lad were nearly asleep. The' day was warm, and evidently work was not allufliently pressing to inmke thumu hurry. The lad eyes Andrew curiously. " 3io you the sodger P" h1e said. Andrew nodded. " I yonder house Tre vadlook farmhouse P" hn rejoined, The lad gave a sign of assent. "Does this footpath lotd there ?" The lad gave another nod of his head, and said, " I've heerd 'bout 'oo," "Oh, indeed! when ?' "Jest now. Tmnmy Dain was up to 'Vadiock, and told Sim Cindy 'bout 'co. You c'n have a job. I heerd 'im zay so. I live thor', too. You o'n slaip wi' me, you' like." Evidently the lad was ready for a chant. but Andrew did not feel dihposed. He thankedi him, and lthen walked towards the \- 'ib " wiould heR tle rivor ll1 rom I?ia ltr had saved Mr- liernard from. . drowill i. farlllolle lln ci . tl<l" bulld il 'og lo.(1 .vO -td rfutlly, ieti , a (ld peacefln as"i enCtered the yard In tho nloadow Snear lay the cows, peacefully chew ing thei cud; in the yard itself were l, do'en pigs, halt buired in ati.w, fastfasleep), while the poultry lazily picked graius from among the muanuro hoslp. " Who be you P" A grun voico asked this question. SAudrew turned, and saw a hard-featured , muan, about forty-live or fifty. Ile had the , air ,i a nratoer, Evidently this was the farmler, Sim Cundy, , . - ' "lHo you Andrew l 'asirafc'. ooy'?'h i continued, it "Yes," Sir . A T,-'f...- 'r S" Tommy Din tould mie about 'co. I dotn't spoase you'm wuth much, but you can 'ave a job through the 'arvost, n co maw P" "No." S ind, make moughs, pitoh, build a load, or a rict p" "lI'v never tried, but I can quickly " ell, you look big enough and strong enough. Bt yer fingers be awful fine You must expect lots ov bladders." " i W"T lat do 'oeo-want '" *' -' **'* ^ Andrew didn't know. "The last man I had-he lived i?i house-had twelve pounds a year." ' Yes," said Andrew, "twelve " Io had oal his mait, ye knaw,i elaiped in tha house." " But supposing I did the ai , and got lodgings; what would yot Ve me thon ?" "Ten shollen' a week for the flrbt six months, if you was worth it. In 'arvost I would give that and yer mait, of you was wuth anything." SAndrew was not anxious about wages; he had a few pounds in money, and would be able to manage. Ho was anxious to work on Trevadlook Farm, however; he was anxious to sleep in the room in which his father had slept. "I'll not quarrel about my wages until I've been a week," he said at length! "you'll'seo then whether I pick up the work or no. When shall I begin P" "You may as well begin after dinner." " I've left my bag over at St. Neot. I may as well go over and fetch it," S"Oal right; then you o'n be back jist in time for dinner." He was not long in getting to St Neot, and thro ving his bag over his shoulder, he found his way back to Trevadlock again. The sun was now high in the heavens, but a breeze had spiung up, and so the walk was pleasant. The clear river was open to his view, while the park which stretched down towards it did not in any way hide the great house which the villagers called Ashwater. " And so Mr Bernard used to live there," he murmured, " while my father lived up at the farm. It is strange that I should come back to these scones under such peculiar oircumstances. What's that i" His eyes were directed to the main on trance of the house, and he saw two female figures. Ho sat on the stile and watched them. They. came out of the house, and walked across the park towards the river. AS they came nearer, he saw that they were young, and from their attire he knew they were not servants, They scorned to be chatting gaily, and the gentle breene that was blowing carried the sound of their merry laughter to the place \he c he was. " Who are they, I wonder P" he said, "Very likely the steward's daughters, as, according to the village talk, the lady of the manor has never put in an appearance." It did not matter to him, and yet he felt interested, Somehow ih seemed as though there was a link which held him to tlhe place which his foster father once owned. lie reached the farm, and entered at the back door. He noticed that the hiuse had been lately enlarged, and that the new wing was evidently far more conveniently built than the old. The farmer met him at the door. "Denuor's jist on the table," he said briefly; "there, laivo yor bag here, and come on." Andrew entered the kitchen. It was in tho old part of the house-a long, low coilod room In it was a long deal table, the top of which was reversible. On one side it was mpinted, on the other the white deal was left untouched. Wlioen isred, the uilpaintod puat wns exposed; at other times tho other side %eas seen. The p.int ocon piod tile place of a table-cloth. It was placed near the aide of the kitchen, where, close by the wall, a long wooden bench was lixed. Opposite the window this bonch was very mnuah wider, and was niiade into a kind of sofa. On the other side a long form hal been introduced to save the trouble of moving chairs. On the one end of the taible a cloth had' beer laid, and here sat the farmer, his wife, his sons, and three daughters. The other end had no cloth, and here the aer vauts sat. There were four-tso girls; fat-faced, and two youths, one of whom Andrew hail seen i the morning. Andrew felt awkward for a minute, and, looked as if for an introduction i but none took place. He took his seat, howevere while three daughters, all grown to young womien, looked at him with great intorest. Evidently he was not like the other ser vants, and they stared to their heart' content .. A basin was placed before each of them, in which thick pieces of broad had bonn placed. Those the servants toolk, arid, carrying them to a great open fireplace, filled them from a great steaming recep. taole, called a "lrock," with what he found to be pork broth. Andrew did not enjoy it much.' To hiin it was altogether diststeful; but the whole family ate heartily, the young ladies especially making a great deal of noise as they put the spoons to their mouths and swallowed the warm liquid. After the broth, a great piece of fat bacon was lifted on to the table, with potatoes, cabbago, and dumplings. Andrew fared hut little better than he had done with the broth. foiled fat bacon was not to Ihis taste; but still lie ate it with the beat grace he could. The two youths who sat near him, however, ate voraciously, oespoci ally of the ocabhae and potatoes, with which they were plentifully supplied, Whether Andrew's presence was pre ventive of conversation, I know not; at any rate, nothing was naid for a good while At length the farmer burst out "I m acttin' where your father used to act, An- Andrew." Ilvidoetly somethingiin the young man's presence hindered him fromn being familiar with his nanme. Andrew looked interested. " And where did myfather and mother sleep ?" he asked, " that is, which room c " "The one right oveor ;h s, Ya see the house hay' been builded to, and afore that thiuc this room here," pointing to one over the end of the kitchen c\horo he sat, "wur tio farmer's slaipin' room. Tdd'u used now, 'cept for a apple chamber." Andrew's eyes lightened, " lWould it be possiblo for me to sleep there P" lie said. " I should be glad if it were. 'lTh rememoihrance of my father's life has a strong hold on me, though I do not remeimber him." " I spoaso you cud." said the fanrmer, musing. "What do 'co think i' turning to his wife and daughters. lividoutly Andrew's hands,nr , auiinr anoo had made a gr at effect on those yonma' ladies. "Oh, very easy," they roplied. ilocie hew it oseeed right that this you i iiui, who stood so straight, ioved inl lin.,l asi freely., iad eHpoke so gracflly, wIhouil Nhave a room to hiimself, and tlhey Anl,'ii"u.t.i' liko Baying " ir " to him. Still ..?; ppe tlV. servant and thalt Pme.i. t a v C'y.1· oqq 0o ~uni ' Y"Ol'll gu ilg"- '", t ruisrn Xplul10o -..utuu v walked out of sls ,,iu 'tsm.. p out a word, and Bill, dolig:".i'-i?t.-' ..."' would lhave Andsow'a comptH'cy- -:. way to the field. Bill was a ;O:inh'.*; ciilhtceen years of ago, .and w.t. B -'r - and loo.ely built, like mo:t of tie'. Great who have followed purely ag;lri'. "lttl pursanits, " They wcro just leaving tIhe yard ;git wheu Androw, like Lot's wife, turned ia,"d looked Iack, and saw that the trio of youeb ladies weor watching curiously, ;\Allroe anid notlhing, but walked along 'vi' Ii ill. " Do yoe always have your food w it the family i" lih said to that intelligent wor hy; " 'Uipt when thir's coip'ny," roep>ic Ilitll "then woe g. into the back kitchen"' " And is your master kind to yout? '. " Br avish i so be the maidens and miSilS~' The chaps be uppitsh I 'spect they'll iwaV to out ovvor you, On roaching the top of the hill, Andrew hundred acres or more. SWho does that belong to ?" iaw 'apects to the laady sao do g round hero." it all ?" isend the young bulloulid t9., and th'oull hoses." lit of the thousands of men Sitjav4. of...J<% n lftm t.V Sd as capable of crops. S ' vas not capable of con A lbject, however, and so the .m quiietly, Bill burning to ask -?t~ ijuesLtions, but scarcely daring. 'lehoy passed by a cottage. It looked conm ;rtable in the sunshine, but Androw -.aought of how it would be in the cold winter. lo formed no opinion as yet, how ever, IIe had come into the country to see, to learn, nd he must keep his eyes open. They entered the field together, and Andrew took hold of the hoe, which Bill showed him, and then commenced houing turnips. The crop was poor, the plants had a starved look, as though they wanted manure .Andrew noticed, too, that large patches of land by the hedge side and in the corners of the fields wore uncultivated. Bill looked at the young man ouriously, as if wondering how he would got on. But hoeing turnips does not require much skill, and Bill soon found that his com panion managed to hoo his row with far more ease than lie could. Ho could not understand the deftness of hand with which this stranger did his work. 'Tho afternoon wore away-very slowly. Bill could tell of but little that Andrew \s1 interested in besides, the young man ftormined to find out the truth of things b actual contact. 'This they were mostly si ut. Hourfr afr hour dragged slowly by, and still the same work. Certainly it was not very interesting. Presently they heard a distant whistle. "''hor', the's five o'clock," said Bill; "wesh'll laivo off in another 'our." They had litarted at one. , ft before six the farmer came into the fiel and eyed the work which had been do . ou've bin kippin' Bill to work," he saI to Andrew, SWhy, have we done well ?" 'Fust rate. You can haw turmuts, 't any rate. Thoro, when you've hawed throo or !ur more raws, 't'll be time to go home to {ppor." I only wanted a minute to six, but An dri did not speak. They worked on for ha 'an hour more, and thou went back to th farm. There was a pump outside the b kitchen door. Under its spout was a huge stone trough. Into this trough they pupipod aome water, and then washed. A cosbT of very ancient appearance was plicod on the back kitchen on ntelpioce. Thiis was used by the servants, men and mdidena who, taking it in turn, went out side, and looking in at tlh window, saw a faint reflection of themselves. This was their looking-glaas, and here they dressed their hair Andrew did not use the uni versal comb lie fumbled in his bag, and found one instead. For supper they had a di of milk and bread, after which they url the fat bacon which had been loft frm dinner as butter; this they scraped ov.r some broad, and ate heartily. This fat), although possibly distasteoul to a townsmlan, is not so to a countryman. It is wholesome, and they like it, Even An drew did not object to it. Supper was over, and now their time wai their own. It was just seven o'clock " What do you do during the ovcnings P" Andrew asked of Bill, who stood with him in tho yard. , " Oa, nothin'," replied hill. "There's notltin' to do." !lUow do you ipaos your time P" "Oa," said Bill, "* I got a maid over to Tildow. I go there Saturday nights. Thor's two sarvents theor, an' the other ain't got a shiner. Will 'co go ovvor woth me 2" Andrew shook his head. '' Then we'd ohalf our two sarvent maids in teo ov'nins'. Come on. They'm out 'ere milkin'. Will 'oo go ?" Again Andrew shook his head., lie thought he hoard a noise at the window, and turning his head, he saw the three Misses Cundy.: , .: "What. sort of .young ladies are the Misses Cundy P' he asked, in. alow voice. "Oa, they'ur all right; but thoy'mr too high for me.", Shen Bill began to talk about his love affairs, It was the only thing ho had in life to interest him, he said Presently Zaoky, the other lad; came up, lie was a little youngor than. Bill, but he had also been initiated into ihe arts of courtship. *Andrew soon found out that the lives of the youths were a litilo above those of the beasts they attended. In some respecrs, indeed, they were lower. Their thoughta were of a low nature, and would he have allowed it, their language would soon be' come obsceno, Hoe led them away from their love affairs at length, but they could talk of but very little. He tried to lead thoem to think of physical feats. Yes, h'ill became somewhat enthusiatio over that; he could throw a seven.scoro pounds bag of wheat over his oheat, he said but still Andrew saw that he did not know how to use the limbs God had given him. " Io yodi dyer read P" heo asked at length. " Iavo you any books P" "'I've gone through li'o.re's foos- of afiars'is " said Bill. I 1 got it for a reward when I wont to the Lrianito Sunday school." ' - "Notoint else P" "1've roed the spollin' bookl 1 used to 'ave when 1 went to school, but I've forgot 'em. I don't reed'now :" . " - " And what shall you do now for the rest ofthe evening P' . " I dunnaw. Think I'll :zcttho rabbut gin, and then go to bed." "' And what time do you go to bed ?" "'Bout nine a'olook." Andrew saw that the young Cundys were ooming. Evidently they wanted to talk with him but he was not inclined, so he went away alone,. The smm was now sinking low in tbc asky, and it made everything reflect its bright ness. Certainly everything was beautiful, and yet it was terribly lonely, Blowly Andrew wonded his way towards tho Gro·lt House. 11o reached the table lhad which was skirted by the wood, and then, iludindig a hpat, wont down the sleep hill towards~ the river. For a time thel loveliness of the evewning umde him forgot that ho was a servant in the old farm which his father uiaed to farmiI for the timuo he was in a kind of Arcadia. I'resently lio came Io to th riverside, nndl sitting among some ferns which irrew close to t;ho rippjling waters, heo bchgan to dream, lie had not osit loins when h-5 heard a sud of liaugh tbr-li,w, rippling laughter it was, a ewreot a:-. '1,.' ,noei of the witr that ilowcld at lis ao:- " :.''ol u"p siud isiw two young :a.r :..'" "- ; ' h'1i he C oild not di'icfrnll . of the lhushes lint grew \- - d also becauims of the i:- itt ?" he heard on' say. S.-". . k, il very foolish," wan the .- a hamo that pIrinters' time i sted. Y oushould justrnad _i^-t. - at tio ,melo'dramatioc. -n "ie'5"'d oni. .trollinl "lowly d.,wn ' pcniip k st;1"11(- , 111'or I)e* ll'«" ! of anl olcen tilacl te foli a then, iea sie of an of their face . e . tgol, li atw the sidlo why, he didl ioto . hlart. gave a lound cinmed fatil ,i, sn.ow, Ald. yet somotling 'c?memb r a sui, ,out thlmlU. HU Could not I tporfeoti a Igi fe ttallr, his view wan so ack old dys o sooit it o rouht I a isndi r if I sh1ll coo them a hnu 't ' lti ho. hld1eckd o (iul?; in," hre uugl ember what ," hoB aid, witl ls "h l . ClH[APTEIR X. SSo a smll seed tllt in the earth lies hid, 8~o aeuiai .. ....ic coddy sido, And dies., rov s e b or it born, Adorned withl yollow looks, of n w is orn, And doth becoone a mIothOer great wthn Of gri'u brings hundreds with it, which, when old, t a s of ld." Eurieli the farrow3 with a sea o gold. Sin VIItLA[l Dui lWohli ... .Andrew slowly returned to 'T'revadlock I'arm, and went to bed. lIo was rather tired, and so tdid not feel it a great hard ship to retire. lie found that the Misseas Candy had treated hin to a strip of thin carlet and had placedl a comfortable badl in his fathor's old room. Tiis led himi to the coinclhsion that thore was a desire to to treat him far better thau the othore. lie did not wish this. His idea in living among the poor arienltural l abourers was to know their exact conditions of life, aund to feel as they felt. Ie wanted to be one with them, to share their burdens, a'd to really understand their wants. The following morning he wast up at six o'clock, and went out into tlhe flolil to hioo turnips with Bill ulver. H11 felt rather sore, uut he soon worked it ofi, and although the occupation was purely imechanicl, ihe dug away with good will. At twelve they went to dinner, atid were allowed an hour. Tile dinner was similar to that of the day before. At one they were in the field again, and worked on until six; after that the time was nearly their own, And all the days were like this. There was nothing to stir their sluggish pulses, niothiing to interest them. )During thi day it was work; in the evenings the youths of the neighbourhood lolled around with nothing to interest them, nothing to do, oxeopt a few who went to seeon thleir lady-loves, whose feelings and enjoyments were nearly the same us their own. Andrew had arrived at St. Neot on 'ITuesday night, and had started to work on the Wednesday; by the following Saturday he had gota glimpse of the farml labouhnrr's, indeed, of country life generally, as far as it could be known at that time of the year. lio found that Sunday was gladly thought of. They had but little change, and Sun day promOised it. There was rest, aRid there was an opportunity of getting out of life's beaten track. Hlie asked Bill what they did on Sundays. "Oa, we lop about 'till deinner time, then we go to St. Neot," replied Bill. "And what goes on at St. Nest i" "Oa, ther's chapel, and ther' church." " And where do you go '' "Measly to chapel. Thero's a new praicher there every Sunday, ya know, whlilo to church the scame passon do preachl allays." " What is the name of the clergyman ?" "Paoeson Chiilds. He od' much of a praichee. iHe do read it oel, iand then he ca'an't hIolls a bit; the praichers at the chapel praich wi'out a ubook, and they ldo holla. After chapel, we git a maind and go homne wi' her. We have to git in by nine o'clock, 'cipt at special times." " And is that all ?" "Tha's oal." It was not an attractive programme to Andrew, and yet there wa; still a novelty about the country life, hhesider, the \weather was beautifully flue, The country was dressed in "living grCeen," and so to the natre.-loving young man there was niuch to enjoy. Still, hlie could not help a fctling of utter loneliness lie could not help feeling thlat the life wis stagnant. " We sh'll start harvsttin' to-emorra, Allerh," said Mr Cundy to him on the Sunday mn.rning after breaklifast; "anl' I've got a eye"--scybhe-" sHut up for 'cc." '"TIlank you," replited Andlrew, " i'll do my best." At the same time hlie wondered what hi, experienc:s wouldt be. Ite walked among the lild'i for srian hour, aond thlen. hIearins the hurch bholls at St. Ncot, he detarminild t? n make his wvSy iurther. Accordinielv, hlie rotirncel to tic house, and put en i suit of clothes such a hie t!ad worE when living in Ihe WVest Eud of London. As he left the house he passed by the MIisfcs Cunily, wirho, with their brothers, were alm, bound for chlurch. li lilted his hat to them, which act causedul a titter. A farm servant lifting his hat was ccrluinly out of tile common. "I do'an't bleove he's what he do make out he es," said one of the young Cundrs. enviously, "I bleoove hlie've dore summnin' wrong, I do, and es come down 'ere out of the way." " lst his cloas es purty," said another, " an I he do car' hisself stylish" " \Vell, anybody can car' hIlsself stylish, if ho'll be a sodjar," respondedl the third, "and anybody cas be a dodjsr." The young ladies sRaid nothing, bliut they lookedt longqingly towards him, is thounh they wouldl willingly forgive anything and everything if he would only pay them at tention, It? the time Andrew reached the church, the bells had c:eased to ring, and the service hadl commenced. It was an old chnrcl, alnd the seats were high.backed andi worm-eaten, One part of it was entirely disused. About forty people had congregated, whlich number was after wards aogmented by about twentj more. Alnost every one turned their head to see Andrew as he came in. lie waes a stranger, anRd strangers were uncominon, especitilly such strangers as he. Admiring glances were cast upon his stalwart form and han I some face from oveury nart of the church, and the old clergyman wondered who he could be. The serviee was what is called "low." Tlhere was but; little chantoLing, and every. thing was conducted on the sost barren principle. A crazy box tof whistles, exlled an organ, wasI operated on by the vicar's wife, while half a dozen children formed thr choir. As the service proceeded, Andrew looked around on th- people's faces, and saw how phloegmatleic and unresponsiveo they ap. peared. There was no expectancy, no ea"cgcr ness, neither, ou the other hand, di t thej ,ppear any anxiety, any donhlt. The reading from the Book of Numbers was as impr.usite as that from the Gospel accor.itig to St. John, as far as hlie could see. Just before thle aermon an amount of interest was showsn, for the clergyman announedl tihe bann of marriage between William Fluter anti E.iza both Ann Crowle, both of that earish, and then after a few giggles auind whlispers whlich followuet, they again settled down to a stsate of apathy. The clergyman soon after this sommmence?d ihis sermon, lie was undoubt edly lsn cducatedi anl, Perchance when at Oxford or Ctumbridge long years before, 1, hatd bei anll eager, keen ldebater, and it wsts said by the older iunhablitants, that, when lhe came fit'st to St, Neot he lihad shown a desire for rdoing strange thlings, That, howevor, had all gonse now, The apathy of his parishioners hadl creushed his enthulisiasm, whlile their Ipek of appreciation 1had hindered him from giving rmuch time to the preparation of hlia sermns, lelirion to thbl psoeplo was a settled thing, which they in a mechanical way were suiippo'e to accept. And while going to cburch was not interest ing, it; gave them a chauge, atnl gave them a chalnce of si[ring their neiglhbors. Thcy rc iultatedt the id:a of hoing lrheathellns. and so, of coursie went either to churchl or chapel. IModern criticism they never heard of, andi doubts never troubled thloe,. Tiesy beoicd to ars..to.hlPavonr ruo day; and, although repe1ntaceo, tu'?y nopea-tUa' ,,aJn.bhno ay of for meroy befo:o they died, a as to get a' lthey termed it, "the right aid I of the gP.te," (',i be coftiuitedl). A Tight Fit,--A drunken ilalu, .aid the J,etlmer: The O10il? tlp these monntains are toilo steelp and rotlky folr even a donkey to climb; throrore I di.d not ittempt the ascent, " A frlond in heed 10 a frinnul illt, " h'et a friend who is not in ne-si is thoe moot deslrableaicrquraintanceo A r la ndl l"R ucltal,-p.,l.ying theu bsrro: organ, ", I have nliced," said thei obsorvant man, Sth~t the w?man with a mole on her neck is irsirally dreastid up to the mark," 'TirI1 ambitiois yourng man who wants en "nhlslg hrts only to skat. witsro the ice is , . 