Ifoumor. Bill Nye's Badges* ' s ?*' BQIL3. I am just having a highly hnmors'ai expe rience with boils. To othere this announce ment will come with no clement ot eadncro, perhaps, but to me it brings a thrill of th» keenest and most poignant anguish. A man might go all over a whole country and no# find anything more poignant than these boili Beem to me. There aro seven of these littlo blossoms, anil they hang in a ripe cluster on tbo back of my neck, about two inches below what the phra. nologistscall love of home. I had never brought out a boil until Imfc week, though I have led a -very chequered life, but one morning I awoke to find myself the parent of seven cunning little red-headed boils about the size of a pumpkin-seed. They are email, but, oh, -how restless they are, and how ^thoy struggle with each other for sunrcmaey 1 . ? People who live here Gay that theso boils aro a result of tho climate. The air hero is especially calculated to bring out anything, in the line of latent humor. A man who hadj been running a humorous weekly paper la the far West came here and in two weeks ho, broke out so that his friends had to do biml up in a poultice seven feet long. ? - - | lam not doing much for theso boils, be»: causa I want to tcaeh them to be self-reliant! nnd depend upon themselves. One ot thecal was a puny little thing at first,- nnd I felt, ? sorry for it when my friends told mn about, it. I cannot see these boils, of coma*, aa they are not in tho direct line of vision, being.'; on the back of -my neck. So I get n friend one I can trust— and I let tim come and telll mo how they are doit- ti'from;time to time.' .-J This little boil at' licit did not bid.fcir'W hold out moie than a day or two, butycater day it began to tbro.w r-sido its lelharjy ana to realize' that life is-real. ? It is fully abrea# of tho others now, and has a large andyery active crater on it. - . ? A J IT,™ f nut various thtnuS on! theEe boils; among ' othera aonp, sugar, thai whitoof an egg, flaxseed, bicad and' milkJ bread and molasses, etc., .etc., etc. Thera were other things rccsmmended, but ns tba boils vTere all in a cluster I had to try ona] thing nt a time. With seven boila well dis-l trlbutcd I might have tried several remedies; nt once, but 1 did the best I could. In threej days I have jcu'Aercd four pound's worth oE groceries entirely useless to the consumer. Boils visit tho rich nnd poor alike, tha humble and the exalted. They aTa not a mark of greatness, for boils frequently comer to the obsenre and the unknown. Tbey do not come with the seeking, nnd tbey nre not to be obtained by Btudy or effort. Boils fall to tbo lot of many whose lives would other wise bo void of incident. To such they are indeed a great beuison, or may be used oa such. IIow many people do we know who have naught else to show us in tho way of progress, but a kind Providence has bestowed a boil upon tberu now and then, which they can exhibit as an evidence that they are not remaining absolutely stagnant ? The felon also is a queer article, the use fulness of which has not been thoroughly.mado .w tn mv mind. There are ninety-eialit different tbingB that nre pood for a felou, . cach of which will make it hc'uo first-rate, j and that seems to be the principal object both with fclous- and boils. Some cut tha finger opsn in treating afelon. tind scrape tha ' bone with a corncob or a v.'o-jdjra-ip:,* About the only' way to cure a felon is to'tferiously - injure the fiogcr and then care'the injury;' . Printer' Jog.— 'Printer: Joe,' sald: the conductor, was a hard ono to stand off, and was known anions railroad men jlljovcr-tha country. I don't believe that fellow would pay bis fare from one stationjto tlie next if he had a fortune in his pocket. It's ngaiust his principles.' An interested.lot of listeners had now gath ered around and a desire to hoar more of the famous Joe, having been expressed, the con ductor went on as follows :— ' Weil, among the thing which I remem ber o£ him tvas tho way ho beat me when I was running a Baltimore and Ohio train into Cincinnati a few years back. It was an ac comodation train— that is, not one of tha fastest— and stopping pretty often. The ex press on that line' v.-as fast in those days, and I gii'jss it is still. Well, one day I found Joa aboard. He was riding in the car next to the baggage. I saw him at once, but didn't - appear to recognize him, although I know hirn all tho same. So I said to bim,— fSj ? : - ? ii 'Ticket.' He looked at m6 ia a rather amused way ? and pretended to pay no attention to me. But I insisted upon tho ticket, whereupon ho took me »sld« and said : — - ? : ? : ' My friend, I observe that you are a ara now man on the line and don't know me. am Director - — , of the Baltimorcaud Ohio, and, of course, have free transportation over the roadl' ? \- ' I i*aB vexed and told him I .understood his game, and that if ho did not get oil at the next station he would havo reason to re pent. ' Ho readily promised to get off, and kept his word, for I saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of him ao easily, Vund you may imagine my ckargria when I came upou him as I went through the train. I said nothing tbis time, but when we came to tho next station I put Mr. Joe off in a way which was much mora forcible than polite. It was of no uso. At every station I had to go through tho same process, and once I stopped between stations, although we were behind time, and threw him out of the smoking car. Wo pulled out as fast as possible, but he caught on to tho last platform, and at the next stop he stepped OS looking as well pleased as if he had been riding on a Pullman. I was so mad when I saw him that I 6Wore ho should go- no farther, and when we were ready to start -I took bim by the collar, tripped him, and held him down till the train had started. I' their ran and caught the last car. I was triumph ant, and from the rear platform shook my fist at him as he stood disconsolate two hun dred yards behind us. ' I eaiv no more of Joe until wo got to ?Cincinnati.. 1 was standing by the train as . the passengers were getting off when I felt 'myself touched on the arm. Turaiagaround 1 Saw Printer Joe I He Bald coolly :— ' ''Captain. I've got a match ( if you Will lend me a citrar I'll smoke,' ? . . ? ' I was outdone, and not only gave him the cigar but said that I would give him his diuner if lie would tell me how he had man aged it. He agreed, and in a neighboring restaurant ho explained that he had caught the express and got in ahead of my train.' Criticism as is Criticism.— Col. ' ?' ' Donau doesn't like tho play of 'Hamlet.' Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: 'I have no patieuce, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dllapitated old ghosts In tin helnlcts aiidgreen gauze veils, under bogus moon light; everlastingly tbrcatenihgtodosomething, arid never doing'it ; drivintr bis sweetheart to lu nacy nnd a catfish death, by hlsdime-rauscum freaks ; making stump speeches toskullB and gravc-diggere; going into all sorts of hnhya terlcs ; and nt last, running a section ot bar bed wire fence, in tbe most approved Chic* go pig-sticking style, through his dead girl's brother, and dying himself, to slow fiddle music, amid a general carnage of lunatics aud wreck of absurdities.' '' ' i \- ' q ' . . The Duke of Edinburgh, her l&jcaty;'a Bccoud son, liaB sued a carter named Lyona for taking stones i)B hia Eastwell park estate. His Royal Highness .wanted £21 18s. Aa obliging court allowed bim £18. . Ho is tho gentleman who is credited with haring sold in London the presents heaped upon him in Australia. * Dr. Hainswald, tho African .traveller,' Gays that in Zululand he met tho savage who killed tho French Prince Imperial, and told him that If be had only taken the young roan .prisoner ha might havo got a largo ransom, whereupon the Zulu wept with regret and grief. Mien Camilla Webb, daughter, Of a for mer hanker in Washington, one of the greatest beautlc3 in that city, was a;clerk in tho office of tho Comptroller of tho Currency fftr some years. She married Baron von fiaire, Am- * bassador from the Netherlands, and Is now ol the Queen's household. 