Was it a Ghost they Saw? Mrs. H. II. Jennings lives at 211, Main-sf;., Bridgeport, and Miss MiVinie parrot boards with her. The house is . U/O® one, but *u good order. One night earl ra|b. Deceit' l (1891) the two women lock^tjMll the doors and went to the theatre, le^\T Jg®h.ot a eoul m the house. They \\- 't ' P ?;.! gas burning, however, in the front' ]-$'/',_ r*# At about half past eleven tb y returi ' . and entered the liduse ^Jjiughing and talking. But as thev went^ ? i&to; the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of ' his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyelet holes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and m one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room. and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed the calling of ray name', and at the foot of my bed stood the image of my mother, just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a railway journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a sum mons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Fos ter, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants., wrote us as follows: — ' 1 was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not want them far away in case I should caU out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having ' gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in the head and over the eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he did not know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but sain and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dread fully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given up all hope when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and , was cured by Mother Seigel's, Curative; Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine^ I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the i;6om, , and by the end of the week I went downstairs. , Now I ahi as well as ever: I can bat and digest my food, and all iny nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster saffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband's accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the di gestion and thus fed and toned the nerves.. Whatever may be your opinion of - the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more, or less than a set of nerves all. upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does , its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. ' ? ? 