[?] P M AND n\arcaJ OHAPTER X.-CoNTnrnED.l The face at which Dorrisant was looking was like the ghost of ihe Geoffrey of seven weeks before. There was not a trace of color in it, all the boyish outlines were snarpened mid emaciated, and the curly, luxuriant hair was cropped close. Only his eyes were the same, honest and smiling. They were rather too bright now— the con versation seemed to have excited him a little — as he looked up at Mark Dorrisant, and said, in a weak voice : 44 All right, then, Pater ; what you do is sure to be right. And somehow I shouldn't have thought that that fellow was the sort to do a thing like this." He paused a moment and then added, reflectively : 44 It was rather a blackguardly thing, wasn't it P I wonder awfully who it really was !" Mark Dorrisant did not answer instantly. He put out one of his hands and laid it on the boy's head. 41 1 wonder !" he said. _ There was a shadowy little smile about his lips as he spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exolaimed : 44 You're awfully sure it was Gaunt, Pater." This time Mark Dorrisant did not answer him at all. His face set itself sternly. 44 You're tired, my boy," he said; 44 rest now and think no more about it." He paused, and touched the boy's forehead again affectionately as he added : 44 1 must 8® On this August morning, . after nearly two months of postponement and delay, the charge against Kenneth Gaunt was to come before the magistrates for what was tanitlv understood to be a final hearing, and the excitement through the neighborhood was at fever pitch. As mark Dorrisant came down stairs now from Geoffrey's room, the carriage was already waiting for him and for Valen tine, summoned once more to give evidence as to the threatening words used to her by Kenneth Gaunt against Geoffrey Cary. 44 Go to your mistress," said Dorrisant to a servant, 44 and ask her, if she is ready, if she will comedown to me in the drawingroom." A few moments Ipter Valentine came down the stairs with her hat on, and went into the drawingroom. She was very pale and qniet, and there was an added touch of haughtiness about her, as though she were nerved to meet some sort of ordeal. She smiled at Dorrisant, and as he held out his hand she put hers into it, and waited for him to speak. 44 Valentine," he said gravely, 44 1 want to tell you something before we start. I think you will be glad to hear it. I saw Mr Kenyon yesterday, as you know, and we came to a decision whioh I have just been talking over with Geoffrey. The charge against Mr Gaunt will be dismissed to-day on the plea of insufficient evidence." Valentine started slightly, and drew her hand away, as if involuntarily. 44 Dismissed !" she "said quickly, in a low voice. 44 Dismissed! Then will he he cleared?" - - - She was looking down at the Jrandte of snnflhfldA hftlrl. And OtArttf/m aW — — — " 7 W W— WVAW.V.WM.V see Mark Dorrisant's look at her. But she noticed that there was a pause, a&d;&afcre;: he spoke he laid one hand on hers, hdfarMrfc of prelude. 44 All I need say/' he began, gentler" is,, that though the evidence against Mfcjfaunt is heavy, it would be almost impossible to prove the case in a court of law, and under the circumstances — as, thank Heaven, it is not a case of murder— I have told Mr Ken yon that we should greatly prefer not to prosecute." 44 Then the only way to clear Mm would be to find the real criminal ?" 44 To find the real criminal, yes !" assented Mark Dorrisant drily. Valentine's color rose.. " 44 Pater !" she said impulsively, 44 you mean most kindly, I know, but justice is better than kindness. Don't let this charge be withdrawn. They say that my -evidence weighs heavily against Mr Gaunt, and I know that that evidence means absolutely nothing! li the case is properly tried the truth must come oat, and Mr Gaunt will be cleared.' Don't let injustice be done !" one was lacing him bravely, with unshrink ing eyes looking straight into his face. It was for justice, "she was saying to herself. Mark Dorrisant looked at her keenly for a moment, and then a shade of pain settled upon Mb face. 44 Queen Val," he said gently, 44 1 am sorry that there should be one subject on which we think differently. It is time to start." By. the evening it was known all over Templecombe the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been dismissed by the magistrate. The stain against his name urns in no wise eradicated ; the mystery was in no wise cleared up. As far as Templecombe and the countryside went, Kenneth Gaunt was a dis- graced man ,x OHAPTER XI.— -The Injustice. 44 You're coming to live in London, too, Til? Oh, how jolly ! Don't make it miles awayfrom Pater and me, will you ?" 44Xou are a silly hoy, Geoff f" 4f I don't see that J Tell me why,- or I'll throw off all thesemgs you've pat on me." . 44 And prove it conclusively." Valentine laughed. She wassitting on the end of a sofa in: her morning-room, on which sofa Geoffrey Gary was lying. The room was very bright and sunny ; about all the inani mate things them was a sort of reflex festival air, wMoh curiously enough seemed to emanate, in the first place, from the thin, white-faced figure on the sofa. This was the Ttcst day on which Geoffrey Gary had been able to leave his room. Mrs Carryl was established in a large wicker chair near the window, on Geoffrey's right-hand side. She seemed always to gravitate towards large chairs, as if impelled by a sense of the shelter they might possibly afford to her, mentally and physically, by screening her from the world. In her hands was a new strip of tne lace she was always working ; she looked like a little automaton whioh had never altered its action since the long-ago day when Valentine had first spoken to her of Mr Dorrisant. New people, a new atmosphere, startling and terrible incidents, all seemed to come and go around that placid, weak little soul, without .approach ing it. On Valentine's lap lay a book, from which she had been reading aloud until the clock struck twelve, when she had laid it down, and declared that Geoffrey was to be left alone, and to proceed instantly to take an hour's sleep before luncheon. But before she could rise to put the first part of this mand&to; into effect, Geoffrey had assailed her with half' a dozen questions, to wMch he required Instant answers. Of these she had supplied several ; and she rose now quickly, and stood over him in a menacing attitude, though a smile trembled round her lips. 44 You're very silly," she said, 44 from every point of view." She bent down and tucked the xugs round him with a gentle force. 44 What I meant was JtM : of course I don't mean to be separated from you or Pater, you goose ! Ana now I'm going ; and if you don't do as I wish and go to sleep this moment, you can't be taken to Ventnor on Thursday." Geoffrey turned an imploring face to ihe v r x- wicker chair, with the evident intention of Appealing to its occupant. But Valentine was too quick for him. 44 No," she said promptly; 44 Marion is neither going to sympathise with you nor to stay with you. Come, Marion," she added, and as Mrs Garryl, slowly awakened to the fact that Valentine was going, emerged from her chair, Valentine, with a smiling nod to Geoffre, remorselessly left him to himself. Only a week had passed since the day when the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been finally dismissed. But very marked effects had been produced in that time. Geoffrey himself had made large strides towards re covery, and the rapidity with which his con valescence drew on engendered a correspond ing rapidity in the maturing of plans for the future. In ten days more the whole party — Valen tine, Mrs Carryl, Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey — were to go to Ventnor, for the change of air ordered for the latter ; and Templecombe was to be shut up for an in- aennite peraoa. v sienune naa announced a determination which took no one by surprise She intended, she said, to take a house in London, and spend the winter there. Before she finally settled this, another arrangement was entered into, not without some demur on Mark Dorrisant's part. It was, in her eyes, the most important part of Valentine's . plan, that he and Geoffrey Cary should live with her during the process of establishing the latter in London. Mark Dorrisant had fully intended, he said, to take for himself and the boy a set of chambers ; and he would not hear of any other course unless Valentine agreed that the establishment she wished to set up should be a joint household in deed as well as in name. But when Valentine had been brought to consent to this stipulation, he yielded with a grace only enhanced by his previous hesita tion. The change in Geoffrey, the stir and ex hilaration consequent on the anticipation of other changes . to come, cleared away all heaviness of oppression in the atmosphere of the home, and brought about a reaction of cheerfulness. In the village, too, the excite ment was passing away. The only definite result of the whole affair was the fact that Kenneth Gaunt had his lite to begin anew with a millstone round his nedc, , and this fact was entirely undisturbing tothe public mind. Duly to Valentine the reaction seemed to come rather forcedly, and : to ting a tittle falsely when it catne. She was outwardly sweet and bright as ever;- tender and affectionate with both Geoffrey and her stepfather. Bat her eyes were too bright ; her cheeks were too pink ; her voice always too excited. She turned to Mrs Carryl now as she shut the door of Geoffrey's room, and the laugh died from her face. 44 Come into my room, Marion/' she said in a low, Imperious tone, so strikingly dis similar to the gaiety with whioh she had spoken in the same breath as to be almost startling. 44 1 want to speak to yon." 'She led the way, and as Mrs Carryl followed her into her room, she signed to her to shut the door. 44 Marion," she began, confronting the little woman, with something suggestive of defiance in her spirited pose, 44 1 want you to drive to the Grange with Mr Dorrisant fMa . afternoon. Mr Gaunt is coming to see me on business, and I— of course, there must be no chance of their meeting." 44 Mr Gaunt," ejaculated Mrs Carryl blankly. Oh, Valentine " Valentine struck her foot impatiently on the ground. 44 Marion," she satdiVffeteld yon already that I oonsidepfflff ' been unjustly treated. I do . not fodmjMtoment Deneve rear ne aia wnac no wh» doing ; youfenow thai -very well'' « J Mrs Carnjfassented with deprecating haste, and aa»d feebly : 44 Everybody oieyes he did it. Mr Dorri sant " 44 1 know," interrupted Valentine quickly, and a heavy shadow passed across her face. 44 We need not talk about it, Marion. I would not hurt my stepfather for the world. Don't I know what Geoffrey is to Mm, and how he must feel " She broke off, and her faoe quivered ; but apparently she was afraid of herself and her emotions, for she took refuge in an access of imperiousness, which was somewhat at variance with the nervous movemente of her fingers. 44 So you see, Marion," she said, 44 though I think it only just to see Mr Gaunt, and wind up the business of the estate with him in person, I do not wish the fact to be forced upon Mr Dorrisant." 4 4 No, of course not," said Mrs Carryl meekly. 44 It's rather awkward for you, isn't it, Valentine ?" Valentine did not answer. She turned away, and walking slowly to the window, stood there looking out in silence. Mrs Carryl waited timidly. Then finding that Valentine did not speak, she as timidly with drew. At last Valentine turned sharply. 44 One must be just," she said under her breath in a strange, defiant tone. 44 It is the injustice that is so horrible — that I can not bear." Her eyes were shining and gleaming, and her lips trembled a little. They were trembling again, and her eyes looked out dark and dilated from a pale fae, when, on a summons from the footman that afternoon, she went downstairs to the library. She laid her hand on the lock and paused for a moment as if involuntarily. Her breath was coming quickly. Then, setting her Hps, she opened the door. 41 1 am very glad to see you, Mr Gaunt," she said, holding oat her hand with grave dignity. Bat as the figure, waiting for her advanced to meet her, and the light fell full upon his lace, her lips closed again with a contraction of the muscles which Kenneth saw and misinterpreted. He did not know how nearly a horrified exclamation had broken from those proudly curved lips. Kenneth Gaunt looked ten years older than he had looked when they htm last stood face to face in that room. It was not only that he was thin and worn ; it was not only that there were lines about his mouth and eyes. All the fire, ail the eager youth and enthusiasm seemed to have been, for the time at least, overwhelmed and stamped ont. His eyes had lost their spirit ; there was a strange expression in them in wMoh bewilderment and wistf ulness were oddly blended, . and wMoh hardly harmonised with the resolute endurance into which the rest of Ms features were composed. To Kenneth the events of the past few weeks had meant much more, even, than they must inevitably have meant for any man. They had meant a rough awakening — a realisation of sundry facts about himself and his relations with his neighbors. With a hot temper and a high spirit on which no softening influence of - home bad ever been brought to bear,Ke&neth; Gaunt bad gonethrough life Ibo far in a rough-and- ready, high-htmided faaMon. The world had field for hun ever sinoe he had firat boon tumbled Into it — a jolly tittle mnthyi fellow of seven/ turned adrift in > school. Like many another fierv imn£ person, bis fatote vera S. fees j nil the harm that l i 1?" came out. .But he never that lew people stop to what ilea below the eurfaoe, and that amount ol integrity or warm-hearted,...0, can wholly counteract the effect of aT temper and a tongue regardless of oons! quences. He had been vaguely conscious Ms impetuosity and self-assertireness W he had looked upon them as faults 'eaeil condoned, and at the bottom of his there lurked an unconscious estimate oftoU! self as a 14 good sort of fellow." To fiSi himself seriously accused of a dastardl crime ; to find that nine-tenths of the peonla among whom he had lived for four years found nothing preposterous and incredible in such a charge in connection with him had been a shock to him under whioh the founda tions of his world seemed to give way. ud the effect upon him of the blow was a testi mony to the real good that lay beneath the sor face. Instead of raging at circumstances and people, he 44 looked at home," &8 the saying goes, sobered and tamed. Durinp those long weeks of suspense as he went about in bitter loneliness, he had come slowly and painfully to a clearer and humbler perception on many points. If, at the end, the true criminal had been discovered and his inno cence established beyond a doubt, the impress made by those weeks wsuld still have remained. As it was, social shipwreck Beemed only the natural result of the tem- porary Bhipwreok of all his old ideas. He shook hands with Valentine now verv quietly ; waited while she moved on to the big chair at the writing-table, and then sat down opposite her. They had sat so, often and often, discussing business details ; they had thwarted and opposed one another, so over and over again. 1 There was & moment's silence, and then Kenneth unfolded the papers he had brought with him in a grave, basiness-like manner. For nearly half an hour there was no sound in the library but the sound of their rustle, tbe rise and fall of his voice, and her brief responses. For nearly half an hour they sat one on either side of the table, and her eyes rested on her clasped hands, or met his for an instant as he looked up at her to be sure that he was making himself clear. Valentine grew wMter and whiter, and when the last paper was put aside and he lifted his head for the last time, she leant back in her chair, and a short breath parted her lips. Kenneth glanced at her quickly. His face was flushed, and his hand was clenched as though it might have trembled had he allowed the muscles to relax. 44 There is only one thing more," he said, 41 the contracts, estimates and so forth, for the cottages. Mere they are. He put his hand into his pooket as he spoke, and drew out an envelope, which he handed to her. 4' You will see I have written in all the necessary explanations. I" — he paused, and added in a lower voice : 4 ' I did not expect to have a personal interview with you until I got your note." 44 There was no reason against it," said Valentine, her eyes fixed Bteadily on the blotting-pad before her. 44 1 do not belie re — what has been said." 44 1 can't thank you." The words were low and broken, and they were succeeded by a moment's pause. Valentine's hands were clasped tightly to-, gether. At last she said : 44 You are going away to-morrow." 4 Yes," he answered heavily. 44 Will you tell me what you are going to do?" He lifted Ms head wearily and looked away. 44 1 don't know," he said. 44 It doesnt matter much:" 41 Oh, don't say that." The words cams from Valentine against her will, apparently, and as he turned to her as if surprised, with a light in his eyes, she went on quickly : 44 Injustice is such a horrible thing ; it is a thing I cannot bear. And it is so dreadful to think of a man's life being spoilt because of it. Some day the trnth will come out. It must. I'm sure It must/' He smiled faintly, and the light died oat of his eyes. 44 It is not the injustice," he said simply- 44 Not altogether, at least." There was another silence, broken this time by Kenneth. He rose. 44 1 need not keep you any longer, he said. 44 Only — there is one thing, t want to.apologise for all the times I've be Laved like a oad. If," he hesitated, sad then continued hurriedly, "if 1 co !| apologise to Mr Dorrisant and Mr Cary i would do so. As that is not possible, apologise to you for my conduct t teem- Why you should believe in me after all that has oome and gone, I don't know. It oaly shows — what you are." , She had risen quickly as he spoke, an now she put out her hand impulsively as to stop him. He accepted the gesture as ms dismissal. "Good-bye," he said, timply. 801 very grateful to you few seeing me." 44 Good- bye," ehe answered coldly. He dropped her hand and turned awayw the door ; opened it, his face set andwhn and closed it behind nun. ana . Valentine had done only a little earlier, Eaused on the threshold. He let his fore- ead fait on Ms clenched hands, and agiaa sob shook him from head to foot. ,, 44 It's all over," he muttered to him«w. 44 It's all over, and I shall never see again." A«d on ihe ether side of the heavy o Valentine, her arms resting on the table her face buried in them, was saying t0 eelf over and over again : . _ 44 It is the injustice ! It is the m. tioel" CHAPTER XII.— 44 MY OLD FBIES-" It was a frosty December morning, Rotten Row presented a very cheery taole. The sun was shining ; the a» crisp and frreh, and a sense of seemed to be all-pervading among riders horses alike. rioting And not one of the nd«s wa8 J himself or herself more orongl doc at Valentine s side, laugn"1 oj, talking in headlong# inconsequent jhu. iSSui catching up her merry answera . 3first published hi connection with.4 All tiie Year SUrimd." 6 44 IT IS THE INJUSTICE !" VALENTINE SAID TO HEBSSLF. itK - nT1 4hem again, until atlastshe !£& her horse toft va&, and tamedith „Mwr appeal to Dorrisant. forbid Geoff, Pater?" id " I will not have him flirting with. Klorraine in my house or at «g. P«. Qtyon shall just go to bed before the party itewasush on \ alentir e's chr e rs, iJmrht there by the air and the exercise; her h were sparkling. She never showed to ffiLr advantage than on horseback, and it not wonderful that more than one passer- horned to look at tie trio. . Nearly four months had passed since Tipteimbehai been left empty, and 1m fo of thoS3 fonr mont"s Yakntrae had STn established in a house in Bruton Btreet ; with her, as had been arranged, were established Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey. rjing these two men' ha "the itep- fftririlv " ttS Geoffrey called it, had settled Self down in the pleasant London house, fa pleasant London life. Mark Dorrisant had rold Valentine that it was part of his flan for Geoffrey that the boy should see something of London society. It was a bad time of year for the purpose, but the many people who had known Valentine's annt were wadv to welcome Valentine; and Valentine's relations or friends were instantly welcomed for ber sake. But it was not long before hoth Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey Gary were . we'eome for their own sakes ; and ther presence of the attractive trio made by thg) «' step-family" became a feature of every" o-Atherinsr, ' smart ' o .-Informal, tha« enlivened, the foggy November days. 1 Jhs atmosphere of the honse in Bruton street was one of constant gaiety and high ppirits. Geoffrey enjoyed life with un- ggjrrring zest and energy ; Mark Dorrisant, apparently well satisfied, was always ready to promote pleasant schemes. As to Valen tine herself, she was the queen of the honse, and she reigned with a characteristic variableness. She turned to her step-father more and more, with that generous con fidence which is only possible to such a character. She played with and tyrannised over Geoffrey, her own youth exhilarated by the championship of the youth at which Bhe laughed in b:m. The shadow of the nearly accomplished tragedy that had darkened their life at Templecombe faded away in this new atmosphere as completely as if it had never existed. Perhaps an added excitement was given to these months by a sense that the life they broucht was only preliminary. Geoffrey's majority was to come about in February, and there was a tacit understanding that it would bring with it some as yet indefinite change. Everything, all plans and arrangements, led up to the twelfth of February, and there stopped short. Geoffrey's majority might prove the threshold of a state of things pleasanter even than the present, by reason of greater permanence ; but it was a threshold, and at present the door was closed. Geoffrey himself talked little avoat his future life ; only a word let fall now and then in con fidential moments with Valentine showed that a sense of responsibility was alive and grow ing beneath his boyish light - heartedness. And yet, in spite of her gaiety and bright ness, even now as she walked her horse between Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey, there was something about Valentine's face that made it strangely different from the face of the girl who had reigned alone at Temple combe nine months before. It was difficult to sey what the change was. or where it lay. It would have been hard to say that she looked older, and yet that was the definition to which the difference most readily aooommodated itself. Searching from feature to feature, the change might have been discovered in the : eyes. For all their light and sparkle there was something in their depths which never altered ; something which mages the differ ence between a woman's eyes and a child's. Mrs Carryl had a vague conviction that Valentine had grown strangely uncertain, sot only in her ways, but in her temper ; find that she was surely more wilful and Hnpenous than she had been before. " Why did you ask Miss Lorraine ?' B&id; Mark Dorrisant, with a smile. "Geoff's heart is not a mill-stone, Queen Val.". echoed his laugh merrily, and "We'll . 3 T ,,v " uuh mure oauver, ana men x ttPBt go in. I want to see that the flowers all right." t"Tou. wan to go and gloat over that swell jroek of yours," returned Geoffrey, with a ®gb, as he touched his horse lightly with vliip, Jtt Jfty .1 question was a large dance men Valentine was giving that same night, prospect of which had greatly excited thnnk"'- his excitement was shared, g, m different fashion, by Valentine. . 8 , given no entertainment hitherto large a scale, and the exhilaration of her ®®®aer this morning was doe to some extent r anticipation of the evening. (to be continued.) 