hobbled for love- WHY FESTUS DIDN'T WIN THE CUP. A DEATHBED CONFESSION. nvmrrns fou The Hf.iuld 1 «0B|K»« ynu BiinK to tho Cop." I ,»id my iri-nd Kcnnmly to mo, m. .. no »t .mnktni- our last pipo in his Blur.; little ',j..b«lrooin. We had boon yntmng ' " ' „r honra, discussing nearly ercrrthing under tlie sun, Horn uiola- rihriics to moiio, and from politics to Lrcamy. Ho was a man of wide culture, fh. Iter. Tom Kennedy, pastor of tho idle town, and his gonial yet slncoro soul ' , treo from intolcranoo of other people's opinions as it was from doubts about the absolute riRbtnese of his own. Kennedy and I— tho State school learhcratYanbunyah— bocamafastfiicnds from the Bret. Wo soon learned that there ivtre soma aubjrcU which we both felt to be too sacred to bo squabbled shout, and wo left them alone. Thorn were plenty of things upon which wo could nitreo ordiffor to our mutual odvant- a»e— ths nowsat boolts. tho latoot turn in the political situation, eciontilio dis- oorerics, agricultural affairs, and a hundred other mutters thst cropped up in the nio«t spontaneous way. Kennedy b»d an inexhaustible fund of anecdote, and a vast experience of the world, which to mo s an Australian, whose know- lodge of other lands was solely dcrired from boolto, mode bis company erer deligbtlul. Ho wonld throw hlmaelf took in bia arm- chair, closo bis bright, Saxon blue eyos — M wts biT rosnner in recoiling ouy pmture ui the put — and describe, with a graphic fluency of which only an oducatod Irish- rosn could bo capable, somo scone or ind ent of liis youth in bia own countnr. or in Italy, whoso art galleries and fine cities he knew well, or in sunny Spain. He bad a profusion of brown curls that clustered oil rouud hie wcll-forraed, rather small bead, end bis slightly oqollint noso and small, refined mouth, with tho furrows of advancing oge bogiuning to form, sccurately denoted the strength ond refinement of his character. " No," I said, in answer to his ques tion. "1 am not doing to tho Cup; yia're joking. But 1 em going to Mel bourne on quite other business. lie laughed and came to tho door with moosirosotogo. Thonightwasforbidding. I had to walk through a dense etretch of ti-troe scrub that wos now crackling in the wiud with that rheumatic, creaky Doiao which this shrub gives forth. The rain was descending in torrents and the ground was covorsd with soft, deop mud like a swamp. " Oh, come in and wait a bit longer," siid Kennedy, " the rain may coso off in » tittle while, and in tho meantime. I'll tell you a etory of ono of the queerest horso races I every heard of. It is a true story, and is about ono of ths contests for tho Melbourne Cup. You havo a foudnces for ghost stories, with your now psychical recarch craze. This story is a real ghost story, end 1 may add to you that I beiiovo it every bit; oh, yet, there is noneofyour new fangled disbelief in the supernatural soout mo. There are more things in heaven and earth then are dreamed of in our cold, matorialistio philosophy, I can tell you." I turned and looked at tho wann, cozy room, and then peered into the cold, wet. stormy night without. Willi ono of Tom Ktnnedys stories to como I needed no otbsr persuading, so I shut the door igain nnl settlod down on the sofa to listen. My friend tho person refilled and lit his pipe, and mixed himsslf a glass of Irish whisky. "X always like to tell a story tmdsr the most comfortable circum stances, " ho said. 44 llesidos, auy thing in tho nature of a ghost story, particularly coo in the genuineness of which you be lieve, makes you need tho consolation of tho Guest ot mundane realities, whisky and tobacco, to keep off tho creeps. Won't you drink ?" " Not jast now," I replied. " Perhaps 1 may want ono bstore leaving," " Yes, perhaps you will," ho said with a smile. "Well, now, what I am going to tell you is a death-bed inci dent. It was — let me see, twenty-Gve, twenty-six— aye, it must be more than that— rather over thirty years ago ; it ws« at onyrato only a year or two after 1 seme to Australia, and that was in 59. I was a young man than, and as enthu siastic as you nro now. Youth is the time of msgniGcontsnthusiMms. When you coino to got old, as t am doiug, forror solidifies into settlod conviction. No, not always, as you say, butgoucraJly. Well, I was working in Molboume then, and ono night— it was just audi anight as this, I roinomber — I was called to the bedside of a dying man. Tho girl who camo to tho house wai a wanton. Bhe csuio to fetch a brother parson, with whom 1 waa staying, but ha had gone away for a few days, and I offered to go instead, "The girl lod tho woy to a miserable little wooden ehanty in a street somo- where near tho seu. It was reining tho .whole time. Tho wretched creature, who was crying with terror ond misory, was drenched through. I ilung my cloak ecrou her shoulders ond strodo after her, slio running and sobbing in front of me — poor creature, thu couldn't have boon mere than eighteen — and crying 1 Coino on. Sir — this way Sir— Oh, I 'ope wo'U bo iu titno," "Arriving at the house,! found tho man lying on a lew-wooden bed, covered with dirty quilt. A doctor was there, abuut to lake his lanve. What is the matter with him, doctor 1 ' I said. Tho medical man shrugged his shoulders in a manner thst Boomed to suggest that it did not much matter, and added, ; Ho won'tlivo long ; he aays he wants to dlo : his nsrao isCsllsghan ; he has been asking for a priest ovor sinco 1 havo been lioro. T'kero's something on his mind. I fancy." Will ho live through tho night ?' I uked. " ' Well,' tho doctor replied, 'I think ho may. But his system is destroyed by drink and excesses, I should say. Bolter dead.1 "The callousness of tho tone grated harshly on my reliatous fooling. The worse tho man may he, the less «t he is to die, 1 thought. Thai u where religion and incro cold correct morality part company, my friend." Kennedy added. "Tho doctor was morally right, no doubt. Tho dying man was a Useless wicked creature, and the world could spare him, but Heaven couldn't rr- tthra liiin— morality didn't care about "I nodded my appreciation of the re mark, and Kennedy proceeded : ' I went op to tho hodapd sat down, taking I ho hands of the dying inau in unite. IIo opened his eyes and looked at me. " He wss a coinplute physical wrook. 1 mould say lie had boon drinking for weeks. His eyes were blood shot, ana hit chcoks were inflamed. Ho ssomod as though ho bad h»d very little nourishing food for a con siderable time. His hands wero skinny. When he tried to speak I could see that his lipa were crocked, and his tonouu White, feverish and parohed. Everything about him waa dirty. Three or four npty brandy bottlos etood at tho end of the bed, and a glass that had oontaiuod brandy stood on tho table. The women w the house had evidently supplied him ith liquor until thoy had got all his money from hiin— though, as I subse- r tly Isarnod from him, he hod had t L25 when ha came to tho plaso a ftwdiye before. "X askod him whether ho would take any food. Ho ehnok his head negatively, -than I talked to him in a tutet consoling touching on spiritual matters rabxly, at flrit, bsoause I waa not quite sure of him. As I talked he kept his bleared eyes fixed on mine, and ceetned to gain confidence as I continued, no ran his handstbroughbis matted hair.andstroked hia dirty sandy beard, and at. last ho spoke. " 'D'ye remetnbor tno Melbourne Cup o two years ago, sir ?" h« said to me. " I replied that I did not. " ' Then,' he mid, 1 ye won't know about now tho favorite, Fcitus, died two days afore the race,' t' No," I replied ; " I did not know that" Tle groam-d and pressed his hand to his brow. " Is it about that you want to tell tne 1" I asked. " Yea,' he answered ; ' it is about that and something luoro.' "lie stared rouud tho room in a vacant, startled way, raising himself en his elbow. " ' Go on,' I said. y 4 1 have seen them since,' ho gasped faintly, 'several 'time. I saw them before you came, galloping along there as though tho devil bimsolf were behind them and thoy were Uecint from him.' " Go on — tell me, I said n?atn. "Ho calmed himself somewhat, nnd then ho told tne his story. I was a groom,'. ho said, 'in Mr Y ' racing itahlo— Mr Y. ns owned Feslus, you know- only I inrgot you don't know auything about that. - He- was priuio favorite for tho big race two yours ago— nothing could beat him,' every body said. lie did Hplendully an ins gallops, and heavy bets wero being made on him. llu was to bo ridden by Wharton, —poor Wbartor.!' The wretched man burst into tears as he mentioned the name, and hia voice was choked with sobs for soma minutes after ho tried to pro ceed. " 'Whnrton and I were close pels,' he' continued. 1 The boy's heart was set on winning the Oup on Festui ; atid ho would havo done it, too. if— oh, hull, if I only hod that cat litre now, to throttlo her l' "Ho shot out the words liko an infuriated fiend, and his bloodshot eyes slartod from their socket. Such terriblu ngitaiion 1 have rarely s.-cn in a num. ' Ho was a splendid littlu follow, Wharton,' Callo- ghan resumed after is pause, in which ho panted for breath'. 'A belter rider I never saw. He was a born horseman. Ladies used to praise his iorm iu the saddle— ho was a handsome little chop was Bun Wharton— and men who knew what good riding wai, admired his points and his science in managinenuawk ward- tarn pored thorough bred. Foetus wus boing held in re3orve for tho Onp race, for his owner wns very ambitious for tho honor. It was about three weeksbefore thu event that Bon audi met Nina Navarro, as she called herself— thobitch, m.iy rail tho devils in hell tor ture her soul ! ' " ' Iluah I ' I said, rcmombcr you yourself have not long to lire. True re pentance can only exist when tho heart is full of charity.' " ' 1 know that/ ho groaned. ' I know that, hut when you have heard all, you will not wonder that 1 think of her with hatred. But (nod hia voico softened as he went on) sho wis very lovely. I thought then I had never auun any crea ture bo glorious. I was madly in lovo with her, nnd so I thought at first— though ho didn't tall mo bo— waa Ben. She spoke English only in tho funny brokon way French poopla hare when they try our speech. 1 should toll you that it was a Frenchman who introduced Bon anil mo to her; Guyot was his namo. Wo Raw nothing ' of him after he Imd mado us known t« Num. She wns a dark woman— splendidly dork.w ith eyes black as jet, yet sparkling like diamonds. Iler hair was of tiiat lustreless blnckucK, criip, and fino, nnd luxuriunt, th.it you rarely seu iu English dark women, fk-r skin waa as fair as a buby's, uud her bus. shaped liko u fairy's bow, wero as red at a rosebud. Her voice— oji, I havo never hoard such a voice— it was soft always, and wooing, and swoct, and whim she gave one of her little laughs, showing teeth as regular and whito as a set' of pearls, it remanded tno of a calm, silvory blue sen, rippled bora and there with tiny wavelatn innue by tbo faiutcst breath of wind. Oh, sho was lovely — the cat !' "He slopped for breath for a few seconds, and then went on : Sho scorned to bo a bit gone un Bon, and that made me wild, though 1 never said anything. I wasn't going lo lot Ben know that I loved ths woman as 1 did, particularly as I thought ho was After her himself. But I was wrong there. I can see now, plainly onough, that the lad didn't caro a straw about liar. lie was too full of thinking nbout winning on Feetus. It novcr struck ino at tho timo as being curious thut this woman shouldaeek our company io much, Bon and I wore nearly always together, and wa did somehow meet Nina Nuvarro very of ton. But 1 know that I tried to meet her, nnd, that being so, ic did not scorn at tho time that sho was trying to meet us.' '"Was this woman Nina wlmtona would call an educated person Y I asked tho dyiug man. " ' No,' ho said, ' she was not that. Sho drank wino or brandy- as much of it as ono would pay for her— and swore liko a wclcbed backer when sho was put out Bur generally her aoft, purring manners made a man who waa tho least bit fond of her a aluvo to her. At least it made mo liko that. I let her see how fond I waa of hor. I bought her littlo thing, flowers and ornaments— which sho took — damn bar— with many softly whispered thanks. Bou uover bought her anything, though sho hung on to him. Sho used to ask us all about the hones, and told ua tu trill her all " zo tueps" as sho called tlmm. Sho was a duvil of a gambler. "1 lovo zo play," sho said oftsu. Sho would play cards all night, and nearly always won, somohuw. There wasn't a game ahe didn't knuw. She asked us all sorts ot questions about tho Cup chances, and wo told her that Festui wits bound to win. " ' Ono duy she said to mo, whon I had gothcrulono- 1 couldn't often gut hor alone— ho was so fond of Bon's com pany—but. this timo wo were quite alouo, and 1 wua making donperaio lore to hor ; nho snid to me, "You know vat I Kef Bon win on Festus, I eay I will marry him! I will, indeed. I toll him so. Ho laugh und sav, Den all right, Fostua win.' What toonk you of (hit l" 1 folt aick all uvcr, and -mid, " But what if Festus doesn't win ?" " Oh." she laughed, M den 1 marry yon." I luokod round at the woman with lovo of her tearing my nuort lo picocs. I swonr to you, air. that I hadn't a guilty thought in iny mind up to that timo. There wns nothing crooked about ran, I can nssura you. I wns trusted implicitly by everybody nbout tho stable. But thu look of this woman, with her laughing oyun.nml her tsmpting lips, nnd her soft ways, inado my brain root, and passion Ruoinvd to swallow up my conscience. " 4 8ho was smiling when I looked at hor,— smiling through her ivory-whito teeth, and glancing at mo aide-wi«e with a gleam of wickedness in her dazzling eyes. I grasped hor wrist, and, panting, said to her, " What do you moan, Nina f" '"Sho laughed nloud, and replied, "Vot I mean' Yy, anppoio 1 mean vot 1 say, eh 1" 8bo seemed to he penetrating my very «oul with her ayes. '"I was mod with passion— niad.I say ; And I turned to her, and caught hor to my breast, mirt rainud kiNrvs on her lips and ukeukft und ry<x and forehead tiil I mis brreihleis. It was Intoxicating. " 'ftlio novur apeks u word, nor mado a mnvomriit of fMtstiimic. I wosfrightmiod ot wlmt I had done, a moment after- warde. and want hot and cold all over, as though 1 were fovored— as Indeed I was —with poRaion. From that moment of yloldiiig, I scorned to be the woman's alavo. " 4 Say it again/ 1 said to her. 4a 'Sny vot ?" she queried, in hcrsweot, crooning voico. " ' That you will mnrry me ! ' " 4 Oh, I say nut dot I Only if Fostua do not vin zo rauu 1 44 4 Tfiori Festus shall not win tho race — I awoar ho shall not' '."Fihawl How oaa you hslp it I' " " ' filp it, and I will help it, if you will keep that promisi'.' " ' It was all dona slid spoken in a few minutes— (ti much le timo than it takes ma to tell you about it, sir. What devil from hell could have been urging mo on thu ono sidu, while that woman, with her sweet face, was seducing me on the other? Wo had many talks after that. I was dreadfully frightened nt what I had been saying, ami the thought of it sickened me, but whenever I saw Nina— and I saw her ever; day— she made soft love to me, und made me feel that I could do anything to -osvm her. You sen what it meant, sir 1 It meant nobbling FetuJ She promised to marry mo if Feitus didn't win. I had got to atop Festus from winning, therefore. I cnad to her one night about it. Tt raadu me sicken to think of it. But she hiing her arms round my nock, and then called me coward and foot, and then again coaxed and whcciLd till I completely lost control of myiulf. I would have committed murder for her. 44 Don't bo fool," she said. 44 F.ef Festus loose. I wm tousands— tousands— nnd you and mo, we go away and marry." I saw her game. Thu gambling pasren iu hnr wns aroused, alio wns hi- fur a coup. "' Tho day before tho race, ahe said to me," How mean you to do est 7"' "1 don t know," I replied. V Hero is zco way, she said ; and she handed inu a bottle of poison. " Do not to-night," she urged. "'I took the bottle, but my beart failed ino. until she coaxed and bullied again', and (hen— I went straight away and poiseiicd Festus'a food. ' 1 poured .the poison over iris oata, as bo was eating m Ins stall. . ' M I had stopped auy longer to con sider. I should have mndo a mess of it Nobody anw nro (Iu it. I wns sure of that, Ben waa hanging shout tho stable at the time— ho had just ridden the horse for a gallop— nnd ono or two Imys wore attouding to other horses. But there was nothing Bitspicious l» w my going to Festus s stall ail did. It was too common an occur rence to bo particularly noted. I threw tm> bottle amongst the straw, aoino of which J kicked over it with my foot. There was no label on the bottle. Nina had been careful ubout that. I knew that the poison would nut be long in tnxingefftcf. "It is nueok and sure," ahu Imd said when she gave it to ma. So, to throw off suspicion from myself — the coward thut I wns— I hung about tho yard, smoking and jawing with tho boys. "'As you rnny suppose, the stuff was not long in taking effect, in less than half an 'hour tho horso was as dead as a stonu. We were playing ring quoits in tho paddock. You may guess 1 was having an nnxious timo uisido myself, though I laughed and swore and nppoared to bo enjoying mysol f — when a boy rushed oat from the stable, crying that something was wrong Willi iho-honm. I was the first to cry "Tho devil there is!" and to throw down my quoit and run towards the stable, I saw Bou (urn wtiito nnd red aa though something had happened to him, You iniy guess the excitement there was. Fsstus was lying do-Mi in his box kicking out his last breaths. Vots, wore Runt for in hot haste, Mr — — , our trainer, came rushing down with a face as white as that sheet there, and f can sco him now— a short, aiout man ho was— turning to Ben at the stable door, witu the heads of sweat standing upon his forehead, and saying, " Young fellow, this horso hai been nobbled, that's what's tho matter with him— and somebody about this 'ore stahlo must o done it." " 'Thon be turned to me, ond he said, " Mike," said he, " jumpon a pony and go nnil fetch tho police— its them we wnnts more than thu vets." " 'Thyr non't suspectme, I thought, as 1 rode ofl, or thoy wouldn't havo sent me off for the policu. I did not think of .who tboy might suipoct so long as it wasn't me ; but I was mortal frightened, I cap tell you. It had given mo a shaking up. ATy teeth chattered and my hands shook, and I had a sort of feverish, shivory feeling nil over. 44 'I waa gone, perhaps, twenty minutes or so, aud when I got hack I felt as I rode in ut the gates thut sumotbing else had happened. My heart went bumping and thumping against my ribs. It is strange how you fuel things of this sort before you know them; it is something in the air that wraps round you and makes tho instinct realise what is as yet not per ceived by tho senses. 44 'Ben Wharton has cut his throat,' wore the first words addressed to me by an excited stable boy who f«ok my pony's head as I dismounted. " 'What !' I gasped. Cut his throat — just now — wont up in tho hay loft— with a razor— nearly cut his head off— afearcd of being found out for poisoning Feitus.' "'I pressed my hand to my forehead for a moment, and thou tainted right sway. " 1 Tho excitement about the poisoning of tlie favorite was iimncuse. The horso, as 1 told you, had been very heavily backed.. He was a regular popular favorite, and was evuu more largely backed in shillings than in panics. Every body had the very utmost confidence that he wae being run to win. And now he was dead. You can't imagine tho stir there was. Nowspapcrchaps camo round ferreting up overy scrap ot gossip from evorybody about the placo. Of course, no body had utiy doubt that Bon did it ; cir cumstances wore very suspicious; though I knew that ho had killod himself out of sheer grief and disappointment. Poor Ben,' sobbed tho sick nun, covering his faco with his bands. 44 4 1 met Nina thnt same night. I ncvor saw such horriblu exultation in any creature as that Woman displayed when I told her what hud happened. Tu Ben's into hIio was indifferent, but tho poisoning of the horso urado her just frantic with delight. She threw her arms rouud mo, nnd kissed mu all over my faco and hands, gabbling away in hor infernal langungo, and almost cryingwith excited pleasure. All thu ui'ony iu my breast was forgotten iu thoio mad moments I spoilt with her. God, how thnt woman intoxicated inc ! " Oh, what T shall wvon— tousauds 1" sho cried, kluiug mu and stroking my hair — tho hull cut ! " 4 And now, air, I have to toll yoa tho strangest port of my atory. You may doubt my word, sir, but what i am going co toll you is true, every word of it. My heart felt very sick at tho racca, as you may imagine, and when the big event came I was as nervous as you may suppose a condemned man must be just before his oxecutioc. Why 1 wai so agitated I could not tall. I kept saving to myself, "Bo calm, you fool, wliut liovo you got to worry about." But I siiuply couldn't bo calm. My lipa were parched. 1 drank a big drink of brandy to steady my nerves, but that made no difference, I scarculy saw a race that afternoon. I luokud at them, but rny senses wero alack. 1 wandered abuut in n moaning sort of way ; a most miserable wretch Ifultiny«ulf to be. I tried to forgot my guilty secret, but it would cumo uppermost in iny raipd, and it was as if a voico were continually whispering in my car— "You killed Bon Wharton— you killed him— you! you I you!" Several times 1 stopped short and put to myself the question, Is anything spoak- to 'mo ? No ; It was all imogTnation ; but so soon as 1 began to walk about it canto again— 44 You killed him — you I you I you I" . «« 1 Presently.' tho bt>rsee began to fllo out for the big event, and cantored down to tho start. I watched tboiu osgorly, but not with (frst calculating fntoreat with which I should havo watcuod them had I felt well, I saw them all go down and heard the hum of the vast crowd dinning in my ears liko tho monotone of the ocoau. Then I heard thu boll ring, and caught the sudden, sharp, excited yell of the thousands ot voices, crying, "They're oft" la a few minutes caino tke thunder of hoofs and tho flash of many colors, as the horses dashed past iu front of me. 1 lawthcui in u dazed sort of way nnd tal lowed (hem with my eyes round the bend. And theo— toy God !— yes !— out of fh« very air like a lightning flame, und as quick as that, spratic another horso — a big bay — look ! There he is ! Great heaven, pit V tne ! Am I inai? Look ! Ami on his back s jockey with pink jacket and bluo cap ! Mercy ! Thure they go. just as they did on that horrible day ! Oh, how I remem ber it ! The bunch of hones wont round tho course so that I lost (lie detail of the colors. I soized my glasses which I had rlttng by iny side, nnd fixed them upon the procession. Yus, there be is _ still, i:i the middle of thoni. It is— if is Ben ; 1 c«n tee his face ; it ii set hard, snd is whito and- bis uyos are gUisy, and oli, my God, look t see! tho blood is streaming from a ghastly gosh iu Ids throat— streaming down .hie tuiuc, down the horse's flanks, down on to tho green grain, leaving a trail of bloou behind him ! Wtiy don't the other jockeys see t Why don't the people cry out? Oh, took nf him now— thoy ato coming round into the straight. Feitn ii right hack, bu; ho will yet through, fie Mtrsr got through. Lash him, Ben, lash hiui I His stride ii splendid ! The foam from his mouth is red ; it is bloody ! Festm wins! Feitus wini ! Ah, you may stare nt use, you people, but I tell you Festus wins 1 llow be works his way in between Iheiul— Oh 1 But the boy is losing blood in pints. It is pouring over the hone's eyes, but bo keeps to it. Good horse 1 Good Festus ! Ah 1 God, what a jockey ! Ifo is lifting it in. Sec! Liu posses ono, two, three. Taore is only sn tnch or two between him and the lending horse, and ho is gaining, llow they thunder t How the turf flies! How pretty the colors look ! Oh, if that b'ood would only leave off flowing from that ugly wound. There— there ho gens ! Ho wins! Ho win by half a length. Ah! I knew ho would win after all! Yes, Bon, old boy, you've pulled it off! Oh, what a race !' ( " Tho aiok man had been sitting up right shrieking this at tho topof his voice,; wnila I vainly tried to hold him down In1 hod. lie fo 1 hack now, gasping and un conscious, and lay iu it senseless con dition the whole night through." "What became of him 7" I asked. Kennedy. "Ifo died four or five days after this night, in tho saruo house. 1 visited him suvernl timet, and was with hiiu at thu end, Poor fellow,— bo was a good man ruined by a woman." " Did bo toll you what became of this womnn Nina?" " IIo never saw anything ol liar again— not oven a letter from hor did ha receive. He told mu ho tainted on thu racecourse ond was ill for days after. Tho woman, ' ho found out aubseuueotly, was llu) wife, or mistress, of the Frenchman, who had introduced hor to Ben and himself. She, no doubt, with her man and perhaps more of them — fur there may hste been a gang— made a lot out of thu villainy. After that, Callaghau took to heavy drinking and sank lower and lownr. He got money now and thon, but his life was a misery to him. Tho vision of that ghostly, ghastly horso race haunted him and made existence nnbuarnble. lie drank to forget, nnd every drinking bout made him more and more of a hopolcea wreck. " Was his story ever made knomn— to the owner of the horrc, Fetttis, for in stance." 14 No, novcr. They believed, I sup pose, that the jockey poisoned the horso and committed suicido afterwards. Thai was the general belief, I havonuver told tho story buforo to anyone except your self." Tho naraou laughed as ho accompanied me to tho door. " 1 hopo you won't ho- hold any phantoms when you go to sco tho Cup run this year," ho said. . " I'm not going," I replied sincerely enough. Bnt how are resolutions shaken ? Now manor how it came about, I did go to tho Cup that year and saw never a phantom. . 