HENRY IRVING. Mr. John Henry Brodribb, or, as he is com monly known, Mr. Hsnry Irving, has daring a stage career of 37 years played upwards of 7Oo parts— to quote Mr. Goddard's 'Players of the Period'— from the refined comedy of Benedick to the brutal blackguardism of Bill Sikes; from the pure, gentle, ideal spirituality and sweet humanity of tbe Vicar of Wakefield to the diabolical, mocking cynicism of Mophisto pheles ; from the dignity of Charles I., and tha -curiously pathetic passion of Shy lock, to the flippant' rasoality of Jingle aad the airy insolence of Digby Grant ; from tho haunting terror of Mathias and the consoience-etnoken misery of Eugene Aram, to the subtle treachery of lago, and the airy comedy of Doricourt ; from the vulpine cunning of Louis XL and the wittier brilliancy of Richelieu to tha vivid contrast of a Duboss and Lesurgaes, the devil-may-oare knavery of a Robert Macairs, and the pathos and nobility of a Robert Landry.' Mr. Irving is at hia beat in diablerie, or as ona critio has expressed it: 'The weird, the terrible, the ghastly, and the erotasque.' HU 'faulty elocution ' is a stock phrase used in -depreciation of the actor, but in parts such as thosa of Matbias in ' The B9lls,'and Mephistophelea in 'Fauat,' his elocution, according to the authority quoted, stands him in good stead aud adds to rather than detracts from the force and pungency of his acting. Of Shakespearian characters his Othello and Romeo— 'Oh, Romeo, Romeo, wherfor wart tkou Romeo?' Punch once exclaimed — are considered less satisfying- than hi3 Macbeth, his Shy lock, aud his Richard III. As for hut conception of Hamlei, th9 presenta tion of which, aooording to Irving him self, comprehends 'the highesb aim which English-speaking actors can cherish' — we owe to Salvini, whose autobio graphy appears ia the Century Magazine for September, the following eraphic descrip tion : — ' I was very anxious to see the illus trious English artist in that part, and I secured a box and went to the Lycaum. I was recognised by nobody, and remaining as it were concealed in my box, I bad a good opportunity to satisfy my curiosity. I arrived at the theatre a little too late, eo that I missed the scene of Hamlet in preEence of the ghost of his father, the scene which in my judgment contains the clue to that strange cha racter, and from which all tha synthetic ideas of Hamlet are developed. I was in time to hear only the last words of the oath of secrecy'. I wa3 struck by the 'perfection of the stage-aetting. There was a perfect imitation of the effect of moonlight, which at the proper time3 flooded the stage with its rays or left it in darkness. Every detail was excellently and exactly repro duced. The scene was shifted and Hamlet besran his his allusions, his aallie3 of sarcasm. his sententious sayipss, hi3 points of satire with the courtiers, who sought to study and to penetrate tha sentiments of the young prince. I In this scene Irving' was simply sublime ! His mobile face mirrored his thoughts. The subtle penetration of his phrases, so perfect in shading and incisivenesa, showed him to be a master of art. I do not believe there U an actor who can a Sand beside him in this respect, and I was so much impressed by it) that at the end of the second act) I said to myself, * I will nob play Hamlet ! Mapla Bon can say what he likes, but I will not play it ;' aud I said it with the fullest resolu tion. In the monologue, 'To be, or not to be,' Irving was admirable ; in the scene with Ophelia he was deserving of the highest praise ; in that of the Players ha wa3 moving, and in all this part of tha play be appeared to my eyes to be the most perfect interpreter of that eccentric character. But further on it was ' nob so, and for the sake cf art I regretted it. j From the time whsa the passion assumes a : deeper hue, and reasoning moderates impulses ! which are forcibly curbed, Irving seemed to ( me to show mannerism, and to be lacking in j power, and strained.' Irving's prqtraitura of j tha Prince of Denmark, other critics agree, I has been surpassed by more than one prede ! cessor, notably by Booth. 