.··i. ~· - ·I a ·;.: L:.I'DZ 1·· ~·I~: ··-· ·w -· ··-'-i~ '":·: ·: ItP·U I-`il. ·:G ~~i·il 6i~~zr ~·i, *r, Irj· .·-iz'.. r. '' ;b~· ·~· \jj / wy >AY \- o e A CHRISTMAS EVE. Good fellows are laughing and drinking (To-night no heart shouli grieve), But I am of old days thinking, Alone, on Christmas Eve. Old memories fast a:e Sprrging To lfaagnsn !drbvhi ,e - Once more in my brain are r ng:ng Ah, God be .ith old times I There never was man so lonely, But ghosts walked him beside, For Death our spirits can only By veils of sense divide. Nemberiess as the blades of GLrass in the tirl s rtit grow, Around us hover the shades of The dead of long ago. Friends livirg, a word estranges, We smile, a.d we say ' Adieu I' But, whats.)ever else changes, Dead friends are faithful and trea. An old-time tun-, or a flower, The. simplest thing held dear In begone cays, hab the power Once more to bring them near. And, whether it be through thinking Of memories sad and sweet Or hsaring the cherry clinking Of glasses across the street I know nut ; wt this is certain 'I bat, here in the duck, I view Like shadows seen through a cartain, The shades of the friends I knew. Methinks that I hcn: their laughter An echo of ghostly mirth, As if in the dim fHereafter They jest as they did on earth. The fancy possibly droll is, And yet it relieves my mind To think the enfranchised soul is So humorously inclined. But some of the shades, that palely Glimmer hlire in the dusk, Still dwell, and meseem r:ght gaily, On earth in a fleshy husk. The cry of soul unto soul bath A force to break all bars, And the same, and no. less, control hath From here to the urthest stars. But hark i whose steps in the gancing Moonbeams are these I hear, That sound as if timed to dancing Music of gallant cheer I Half Galahad, half Don Juan, His head full of wild romance; 'Twas thus that of old would Sprahan Come lilting " We met by chance." There never was spirit lighter Of heart quaffed mountain dew; Never was goblin brighter I know that Spruhan has merely" Gone back to Fairyland. The years roll back as I poise in Spirit 'twixt Nov and Then, And I am once more with the Boys in The house of our AlIn of Men. Down unto utmost zero Compared with him others ran, Our Brigand, apostle, Hero, Captain Maguire M2Cann. Once more with my hair half-rising, I hear him the story tell Of the riot superb, snuprising On board of the South Bsa Belle. Of how, when she went?zag-higgung (As ships will when no man steers), He stood in the w. ather- rigging And blazed at the mutineers. Oh I it was great to hear him Lie-for his lies were good; To us they did more endear him Than ever his virtues could. Never sight finer man did tiee than when, reaching down His sword, he'd say-'8ingle-handed Thus I took Fredericktowa I" To look at his black eyes flashing His beard on end with ire, You would fancy you heard swor Is clashing, And the sound of mosaetry fire, No pirate, on land or water, Yon'a swear; no kind of man Had ever such hunger for siaughter As Captain M. guire McCann. Yet, withal, his heart was as tender Ah Finn's (the fierce Anarchist), Who wished, in a burst of splendour, Tha world to cease to exist. Terrible,.deadly, ghastly, The threats were that-Finn would hurl At all things-and he was vastly More E?ott.heaited than a girl. The shades grow dimmer anddimmer, And now they fade from view, I see in the East the glimmer Of dawn. Old friends, Adieu I Sitting here.,lonely hearted, ; Writing these random rhymes, I drink to the day, departed, A, not3- be with old tiues! 