iimimtj jltlpof Jrmott INTERNATIONAL (AFTERNOON) LESSONS. AUGUST 6. PAUL AT MILETUS.—Acts ix. 22-35. GOLDEN TEXT. "Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God." Heb. xiii. 7, LNTEODTJCTOBY. PAUL was now finishing his third and last great missionary journey. The greater part of the time had been Epent at Ephesus, where we saw him last Sunday. His journey after leaving that city was first to Macedonia (where he wrote his Second Epistle to the Corinthians, and probably bis Epistle to the Galatians), then to Greece, most likely to Corinth (where he wrote his Epistle to the Romans), then by a roundabout way to Macedonia again, thence to Trons, where Luke joined the party (see " us " and " we " in vers. 5, 6). After spending at Troas a memorable Lord's day, Paul and his companions sailed to the harbour of Miletus, about thirty miles from Ephesus. It would liave been pleasant for the apostle to pay another visit to the great city, but he had determined to sail past (ver. 16) so as to make no delay. But as the ship was to stay at Miletus, there would be time for some of his Ephesian friends to come down to him. The elders or pastors of the church were glad fo have another opportunity of seeing and heaiing him. Luke, being in the party, has written for us, no doubt word for word, Paul's beautiful address. EXPOSITORY NOTES. 22\. And now. Paul has spoken of his past work in Ephesus ; now he looks onward. Bound in the spirit. Constrained in mind. I must go, whatever happens. Unto Jerusalem. Where he wished to be at the Feast of Pentecost (ver. 16), a time when he was sure to meet many friends and to speak to great numhers of people. Not knowing, in particular, what would happen to him there. What he did know the next -verse tells. 23\. The Holy Ghost witnesseth (R.V. testifieth unto DIP). The Spirit of God spoke by prophets, also to Paul's own soul. Bonds and afflictions abide (await) me, wheresoever I may go. In Jerusalem or elsewhere it will be just the same. 24\. Paul could bear all cheerfully, and was willing •even to give up his life, if he could ba only sure of two tiling?. First, to finish his course, or race. (The 'words "with joy " are not found in the oldest manuscripts or R.V.) Paul often spoke of the Christian life as a race (see Phil. iii. 14"). If he could but hold on to the end ! Secondly, he longed to finish his ministry well. Life was not only a race, but a service. The Lord Jesus had given him a work t^ do ; a witness to bfar to the gospel—glad tidings—of the grace— the favour—of God. So Paul wanted to live only as long as he could declare to all men ihe good news that God in Christ was ready to save them. 25\. From speaking of himself, he now turns to the " elders," and through them to the whole Ephesian people. He expected never to see them again. These were to be, as he thought, his last words to them all— -certainly to some of them. As a matter of fact it is probable that Paul did visit Ephesus once more, after his first Roman im- prisonment. His word I know must be taken as expressing his strong conviction at the time. 26\. To record. To witness, They themaelves would know that what he said was true. This day of sacred recollection and sorrowful parting. I ain pure. So he had spoken at Corinth (ch. xviii. 6 ; comp. Ezek. xxxiii. 7-6). Blood. The death of the soul. 27\. I have not shunned. He might sometimes have shunned. or shrank from, such a task. When people were slow to listen, when they scorned, insulted, persecuted him, might he not have been tempted to hold his tongue, or to tell them only u part of the truth 1 ? But no! Whether it pleased or displeased them, he must declare to them all the truth. What the counsel of God means is shown in ver. 2L. 28\. Take heed. "As I can do this no longer, you must take up your part and be faithful." Unto yourselves. The first essential. He who would teach others to live aright must himself so live. And to all the flock. The Ohurch of Christ, "sheep," and " lambs," in the care of the good Shepherd. Over the which. Or, as R.V., in the which ; these elders being themselves a part of the Church. Overseers. Or, as R.V., bishops. The " elders " of Ephesus and the "bishops" were the same, two numes being used for oue office. To feed. Or to tend ; a word used of a shepherd's care (pastor is ihe same as shepherd). The Church of God. Some read, "of the Lord." But the oldest manuscripts and R.V. have " of God ; " the name being thus applied to the Lord Jesus Christ, who purchased the flock with His own blond. 29\. 30. A warning of what would happen : troubles from without and evils within. Grievous wolves. False teachers ; such as we know d'd arise in Asia (see Rev. ii. 6, 20, &c;), Of your own selves, It is worse when false teaching springs up within, from the Church itself. As an instance of this, see n. Tim. ii. 18 (written to Timothv in Ephesus); also the letters oE the Apostle John (written from Ephesus), i. John ii. 19 ; iv. 1-3. 31\. One great safeguard is the remembrance of faithful^iustruction. This " remember " may be joined with that of the Golden Text. It is a great help to think of a teacher's loving earnestness. Nor was it without effect (see Rev. ii. 2,3 ; letter to the Church in Ephesus). 32\. A final word. Which is able. Rather, " who is able." The reference is to God, not to the word. To build you up. Paul had laid the foundation. An inheritance. R.V., "the inheritance," alluding to the gift of the promised land to ancient Israel. All them which are sanctified. The whole glad company of those to whom He has given His Spirit, and whom He has fitted for Himself. 33\. 31. This, then, was Paul's desire. He had no selfish aim. While " making many rich " (n. Cor. vi. 10), he asked nothing in return, but toiled liard to support himself and others. These hands. Perhaps holding them out, roughened as they were with working at the goat's hair (see I. 0>r. iv, 11, 12, written at Ephesus). 35\. To support (R.V., help) the weak ; i.e. the poor and feeble. Some understand the word of the feeble in faith, who would be led to put more trust in their ministers from seeing their disinterestedness and industry. To remember the words of the Lord Jesus. The words then were well known, yet we do not find them in any of the Gospels. There were no doubt other unrecorded sayings of the Master very dear to Christians in the first ages. Bishop Westcott, in his " Introduction to the Study of the Gospels " (7th edit, p. 457), gives a list of our Lord's " unwritten words " as handed down bv tradition. He said. R.Y., "He Himself said." Emphatic. More blessed. Because like God, who is always giving ; because it awakens higher feelings; because it calls down rich returns of gratitude (see Job xxix. 13). LESSONS. 1. (A lesson rather lor teachers than scholars). What a faithful teacher is like. He desires one thing, which he loves better than life (ver. 24) ; is anxious to tell all that he has learned from God (ver. 27) ; is constant to his work (" night and day," ver. 31); full of earnestness ("with tears"); unselfishness (ver-. 33, 34) ; prayerful (ver. 32). 2\. The responsibility of those who have been faithfully taught. See Golden Text. Remember. Perhaps the word applies to teachers who have died. \ r ery solemn and tender is the remembrance of ministers and teachers who have passed away ! Their words linger with us, to warn, to couusel, to encourage us. • But whether they are, living or dead, we shall have to give an account of what they have taught us. Sad indeed will it be if we have been forgetful or careless of any true, faithful, loving words ! QUESTIONS. 1\. Trace the journey of Paul and his companions from Ephesus (ch. xix.) to Miletus. Why did he take the roundabout route on leaving Corinth 1 2\. What occurrences rendered the Lord's Day at Troas so memorable ? 3\. Where is Miletus again mentioned 1 4\. What letter or letters did St. Paul afterwards address to Ephesus ? 