THE BUDGET. RESUMPTION OF TIIE DEBATE. STRONG CRITICISM BY MR. M'MILLAN. Tho ucbato on the Financial Statement was resumed in tho Assombly yesterday, tho House being in Committee of Ways and Alcaus, Tho motion before tho committee was the formal one to errant out of tho con- solidated revenuo fund the sum of £2395 for thc.cxpenscs of the establishment of his Ex cellency tho Governor for 1894. Mr. M'MILLAN said that, unfortunately for tho cause of good government and econo mical retrenchment— tor all retrenchment in its ultimate result was not necessarily ceono- nneal— the public accounts of this country had very often been an elaborate suppression of facts. Instead of tlieualicnt points being placed before this IIouso, they had had on many occasions, and on this occasion in particular, a statement of figures which everybody could have found for himself in the ordinary Ways and Alcaus. Any lion, member, no matter how little acquainted with figures, could, by being closeted with the Permanent Under-Secretary for Financo for an hour, have given as much information with regard to the real state of our accounts as the hon. gentlemen wlio made the exposition the other night. For this state of allairs the House had itself t o blame. For the hist four years he had been trying to impress upon hon. members tlie necessity of a dillbrent course being taken with our public book-keeping. About six months ago lie urged hon. mem bers that if previously they had not acted according to his suggestions, they should on that particular occasion. He wanted hon, members then to see that all appropriations of every kind should cease on December 31, 1893\. Under cover of this frightened re trenchment— j— .Sir GEORGE DIBBS : What? Mr. M'MILLAN: Under cover of this re- trenchment, which ltad taken place in a fright, and under cover of dealing with tho accounts from the beginning of this year with a wonderful forbearance, hon. members were likely, if they allowed the present state ment to pass uncliiillencd, to cover up tlio wrong-doings of one of tho most extravagant Governments that ever took ofiiec in this country. (" Hear, hear.") The hon. gentle man asked them to start from the beginning of tlie year. But, in justice to the Govern ment which preceded the present one, ho could not allow the finances of this country previous to December 31, 1892, to be covered up. He was willing to admit that this Government had done as much as they could in the way of immediate retrenchment, but ho would show that some of this retrench ment as figured out in the ways and means, was of a very problematical chaructor. This Government, which now tried to cloak itself by pointing lo the re trenchment of 1892, luid for that vcar an appropriation of £11,000,000, winch was the largest amount ever appropriated in this country. More than that, they had, for tho year 1892, a balance of £816,000 from 1391 to spend, made up of fictitious sup plementary estimates. Besides that, they had for the year 1890 a balance to spend, which, of course, went back to previous years, of £153,000, so that this Government, which bad lived upon the extravagance of its predecessors, hail actually given into its hands by the House about £12,000,000 of money to spend within one year. There had been spent, us arising out of previous years, in 1893 the sum of £1,342,000. One would think that, in giving au exposition of tho accounts of a country, the Treasurer would naturally say what was the slate of affairs at the bankers. But in thu .statement there was not a single word with regard to tlio cash account. The hon. member told tho House of a million and a half deficiency, but did not inform them that at that time there was only about £700,000 of deficiency in the consolidated revenue, and that of that £700,000 about £400,000 was made up of a credit of the I'ost-ofiieo resumptions. What was the fact? Year after year the liabilities of the country had never been overtaken, and year after year they bad a million and a half of money remaining unexpended as the result of this peculiar mode of keeping our aeeouuts, Surely, if year after year we had this particular amount, which wc could never catch up lo, it was clear evidence that Parliament had continuously voted a million and a half more than the Government were iVUiU i.U !>()CtiU. J (IU IIWU. IIIUIIIUUl (> CW KO(liU£ tliis House actually to vote £11,754,000. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I should like to sco you prove that. Mr. .M'MILLAN : Hon. members would find that for the service of 1892, as passed by Parliament, there was an appropriation of £10,029,672 16s 5d. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : That's right. Mr. Al'MILLAN : Then, putting aside tho savings — say, tlie municipalities endowment £115,000, about £180,000 on the supplemen tary estimates, and some other items — tlio Government desired this House, by Ways and Means, to appropriate au extra £400,000. That made £10,400,000. And be could provo by tlie quarterly statement that up to tho present lime, iu Liiisycar, 1893, wc had spent, connected with 1892, £1,082,094. Conse quently, if that one million were added to the £10,400,000, there was £11,400,000. Then there still remained of the year 1892 £260,000, »:> Willi., 1L WICSU gun lIL'illBli IIUCU LU 1 1 LJ I L J Uli this expenditure, they could spend, under the previous appropriations and tho supple mentary estimates now before the House, together with the expenditure of 1892, a total of £11,754,000, and no man could say that they had done au illegal act. But of this the hon. member proposed to save £684,000, so that there wan, roughly, an expenditure of ahout £11,000,000 for this year. If this Government, with those savings, had £11,000,000 appropriated lo spend, and only showed in their ways ami means a sum of £10,000,000, what became of tlio other £1,000,000 which was carefully left out of sight. Let lion, members look at the tactics of the Acting-Treasurer. When he (Mr. M'Millnn) was impressing upon the hon. gentleman thai lie should make all his ap propriations close with the cud of the present year, so that he could obtain credit for every farthing saved by tlie over-appro- propriatiou— an appropriation that would have iiad no existence if the House lmd known at the time what the condition of tlie revenue was — Lhc suggestion was derided. Yet iu his ways and means the Acting- Treasurer had actually taken over savings amounting to £684,000 apparently belonging entirely to tlie year 1893. fc>ir GEORGli DIBBS : Why did not you ' do the same V Mr. Al'MJLLAN : lie proposed it every year, and it was not his fault that he could not overcome the stupidity of certain people.' Before going any further he would like to refer to tiie question of tlie Treasury bills. Sir George Dibbs bad told tliem that the deficiency of one million and a half was ahout to lie covered by Treasury bills. When the time came lie would try to prevent the House covering by Treasury bills ono farthing of the money, excepting the debit balance of tho consolidated revenue. Ac cording to the bookkeeping adopted by tho Acting-Treasurer, the country might Iiavo a balance at one time to its credit in t lin id:i t r>d revf-mic hut. Ii v mnii. ping up every possible item that might appear to appertain to previous years the Treasurer might bring iu, us (Sir George Dibbs had done, .supplementary estimates to the amount of £700,000, and on tlie principle which the lion, member had wanted to adopt he would say to intelligent people, 44 There is £100,000 to the credit of tlie consolidated revenue at the present moment through trust funds. We have no difficulty in financing from day to day, because we have imagined certain items, and put them into a supplementary estimate. We are going to call that a debit balance, and going to issue a new loan to cover it." The hon. member would have to obtain power from the Houso first to acknowledge tlie deficiency, and then to cover it up, ami he maintained that Lhcro was no deficiency of that kind, and that even if tlie consolidated revenue was in debt a million sterling, £'100,000 must be credited to the i'osl-olliee resumptions, thus leaving a deficiency of only £600,000. The present Government, however, wished lo tell the world that the country had to cover a deficiency of a million and a half, for which they had no asset. The proposed loan was not like past loans, for solid public works, mostly of a reproductive character, but, having a deficiency of £700,000 in the consolidated revenuo the Acting-Treasurer wanted to manufacture another defieieuey to add to tlie public debt. although Mr. See could not possibly have been expected to forecast tiie extraordinary shrinkage in revenue during the past year, he had certainly not over-estimated tlio amount ho was likely to receive during tho coming year. That was a good point in his accounts. For the year 1893 lie had very fairly taken t lie revenue at nine and a half millions, and for 1894 at nearly 10 millions. J'Yum past experience, however, be con sidered that owing to our tremendous terri tory and the absolute want of local self- government, nothing less titan 10 millions would he .sufficient to carry on the govern ment of the country. He believed in wiso retrenchment as much as any man, hut tho business of the country must be carried on. and, if necessary, the people must be taxed in order to carry it on. He took it, there fore, that whilst the Treasurer had said that 10 millions of revenue ought to be obtained, 1 any system of calculation that did not anticipate an expenditure of 10 millions would be wrong. In tlie ways and means for 1893 the hon. member had taken credit for tho saving of £634,000 ; and lie (Mr. M'Millan) . would ask the House Lo credit for that amount at once, in order to prevent any Government taking credit for it next year. After the imaginative supple mentary estimates of past years, nobody would think that £182,000 was anything like enough to meet them. The Treasurer's ad vance account was £280,000, so he took for granted that there was an undcr-estimatc of £100,000 in ways and means. If the ways and means wcro honestly forecast, £400,000 of savings that, did not belong to the year would have to be accounted for, and £100,000 would have to be added to the supplementary estimates. That is to say, that even if there was a saving of £100,000 on the supple mentary estimates, there would, according to the mode of bookkeeping adopted in the colony, bo further supplementary estimates required to the amount of £100,000. Thus, taking the £400,000 that did not belong to the year, and addin" to that amount £200,000, the accouuts should have shown a deficiency of £600,000. Whatever might have been the caso previously, since the Government had been roused by the House and by the absolute state of affairs in tile country, which nobody but a blind man or a fool could disregard, they Inul certainly done their utmost to keep down the expenditure ; but during the next six or nine months we should sec whether that had been judicious retrenchment, and lie would prove a little later on that the retrenchment proposals were absolutely hol low and politically dishonest. During the late financial crisis the Government had shown a bold front and done their best to initiate remedial measures. He wanted, however, to impress upon the Houso that upon the proper statement of our accounts dopetidcd the credit and good government of the country. In the past the public had been deluded into believing that extrava gance was retrenchment; and taking the ways and means for 1894 into consideration, he was bound to say that it was »hc most dishonest statement that had ever been put before the Houso. Without including the municipal endowment, which lion, members knew had been voted year by year, he would give the expenditure for a series of years upon roads ami bridges. Ill 1890 it was £746,896 ; ill 1891 it was £874,063 ; in 1892 it was £761,345. This year we had ex pected the passage of the Local Government Bill, and although it had not been passed, and certainly could not be put into opera tion during the period covered by the Treasurer's accounts, the Government had included its probable results in the ac counts for 1893, the actual expenditure for the first three quarters, and the esti mated expenditure— a low estimate— for the last quarter of which amounted to £671,559. At the same time, the Government proposed to give by way of endowments £115,000, so that upon roads and bridges this year the total expenditure couhl not be less tlmn £856,000. And yet for 1894 tlioy had put on the estimates only £483,000, actually making it appear that they could effect a saving ill that department of £400,000. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : The statutory en dowment is included in the estimates for 1894. Mr. M'MILLAN: Very well, lie would give tlie Treasurer credit for £50,000, and that would reduce the sum of £402,000 to £350,000. The question for the Houso, how ever, was whether it was fair to suppose that the expenditure on roads and bridges could, in the absence of a Local Government Bill, be reduced to that anionut. Under ordinary circumstances, in ways and means for each year there was an item called sup plementary estimates, but sometimes they wero omitted, and, as a matter of fact, they were wanting in the estimates for the year 1894\. It was generally considered that tllo supplementary estimates could be taken out of the savings of the pre vious year, but the Treasurer had already mopped up thesavingsof the previous year, so that he had nothing left to take. Ho would, therefore, have to put hack the £300,000 or £400,000, the savings that he had mopped up in 1993, or he must insert sup plementary estimates for 1894. Anyway, tile accounts for 1894 must be wrong whether the deficit of £300,000 or £400,000 was added to the expenditure for 1893or to that of 1894, because iu that item they had been practically falsifiod. And when the amount of £400,000 was added to the sum voted for roads and bridges tho Treasurer would find that he had made a miscalculation amounting to £700,000. He thought he had proved that the Govern ment were out in their estimates, and that the whole system was so unsatisfactory that it gavo cover to simply putting forward bald Btatoments of facts, which did not declare tho real condition at all, and enabled the Government to pretend to savings wliiie it went on extra vagautly in another year— that if members wanted to get at the real state ment of the public accounts they would have to pass a clause in the Appropriation Bill, by which every item passed for 1893 and previous years should lapse, and in tho accounts of this Government (which should he seut back to them) it should bo slio wn what the balance of unexpended amounts consisted of. (Cheers.) Parliament should insist that with the unexpended balances the total appropriation should not exceed £10,000,000. Mr. LYNE : What about works already in hand, not completed ? Mr. M'MILLAN : Tho time was coming when the Works Department, if it did not amend, would have to bo put under a com mission and outside political control. (Clieers.) He believed that there were too many Ministers— that they could do with two less, and have far less government by departments and more by settled consoli dated poliey. (Cheers.) All balances should bo re-voted, and he would make every Government pass its estimates before the end of each year. (Cheers.) Mr. VAUGHN : The old story ! Mr. M'MILLAN : Tho hon. member was a pretty old story thcro. (Cheers.) The estimates should be passed early in Decem ber, and the recess take place in the hot weather, Parliament meeting again not later tlfjn March or Apiil. At tho next election tho lato Government would he on its trial as against the present, ami two tilings could then be proved — that tho statements about tho oxtravagauce of the last Government wero absolutely false, and that there was no justification at the beginning of 1892 for a system of protection. Mr. TRAILL: And they didn't briug one m either. (Opposition chccrs.) Mr. M'MILLAN : In October, 1891, tho consolidated revenue was iu credit £71,000, and out of that revenue bad been paid £270,000 for post-oflico resumptions, so that according to thu system of the present Government of keeping a suspense account for those resumptions the actual state of tho revenue was £341,000 to credit. (Cheers.) Then Ministers, having como iu by pure nccidcnt, began misrepresentation and villi- fication. Instead of making a party for use ful legislation they brought in protection to effect a split among tho gentlemen on tho cross-benches. Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD : And have they done it? Mr. M'MILLAN : Was it any wonder that after waiting two years members were exas perated because tho people had been hood winked with regard to the finances? If there was such u deficiency as Ministers made out, should they uot have set themselves honor ably to make it up, in view of the period of depression which was manifestly approach ing ? Yet instead of effecting the retrench ment which hud since been forced on them, they put , another weight on the people, which, though it appeared in the accounts as £800,000, lie was satisfied was more than £1,000,000, on the poorest classes. (Cheers.) Mr. CRICK : Did you know that the hard tunes were coming ? Was that why you ran away from office (Laughter.) Mr. BARTON : Was that why you didn't provide against them ? Mr.: M'MILLAN (referring to the works lonu expenditure of 1891 under the new system) said that half tho abnormal expendi ture of that year, was on railways— necessary works, which returned 3£ per cent., and in creased the value of tho public estate far beyond tho outlay. Our railways, indeed, were so magnificently managed, and Parlia ment was so liberal toward them, that throughout financial depression they stood as one of tho bulwarks of tho colony. (Cheers.) Ho regretted that lie had not been able to got particulars of the contracts in each year. Sir GEORGE DIBBS (handing Mr. M'Millan a paper) : Well, here it is. It was laid oil the tublo last week, all cut and dried. Mr. REID : Very dry ! Mr. M'MILLAN : In that ease it was a pity lie had been kept waiting for it for six months. They made out tho accounts to slipw that their predecessors wore responsible for a deficiency of £500,000 in three years' operations. What was that made up of? It included £300,000 of the previous Dibhs deficiency. ("Hear, hear.") Interest was paid upou that deficiency, for which the lion, member, lie would admit, was not respon sible for more than about|£l,500,000. Besides that, £75,000 was paid off the loan to tho railways. It was clear, when the ways and means were thoroughly analysed, tiiat there would be a largo deficiency upon tho opera- tious of 1893 and 1894. Hon. members who bad studied tho public accounts would agreo that it was absolutely impossible to keep up the public works of this country and pay for its services with a revenue of £10,000,000 a year, and it was consequently necessary that the whole financial situation of tho country should be thoroughly faced. Tho next oleotion would ho fought out on the lines of freotrade and protection. ("Hear, hear.") It was also clear that whoever took ofiicc would have to review the wholo finan cial situation, and the financial position would have to he decided according to the particular creed of the Government that camo iiito office iu the next Parliament. It was not an honest statement of, accounts to say that iu 1894 they could liotonly pay their way, but put aside a large amount for a sink- 1 iug fund. Tho Government, which had sneaked in protection behind tho backs of tho people, should now say whether they were protectionists or not. Their system so far had been a real calamity, and had not assisted a single industry, because no man in his senses would start a new industry with a 10 per cent, duty, and with parties so evenly divided as they wero at present. At the very moment tiiat the sink ing fund was being proposed, the Govern ment were, according to tho last quarterly statement, borrowing money for current expenses from the Railway Loan Re demption Eund, from which an amount of £150,000 had been taken. An honest party must produce an equilibrium iu the accouuts by retrenchment and by reform in our fiscal system, and create a sinking fund when Ave had surpluses available. The statement Avas of a ridiculously rosy line, and had been made for a purpose, lie Avisbed to say a few Avoids in reference to the Noav Caledonian cable. (" Hear, ileal'.") The history of that project from its conception — the concealment of facts from Parliament, tho manner in Avliioh inquiries had been met, and questions answered — constituted a grave charge against the political integrity of the Government. ("Hear, hear.") There had been an agita tion for a long time Avith regard to tho neces sity of a second cable, tho object being to secure a lino Avhioli at every point of contact should go through British territory. Not only did the present cable toucli at French territory, but there was noth ing in tlie agreement Avhioli required that it should touch British territory any- Avliere. Last session, iu answer to a question, tho Premier said that the House Avould bo afforded an opportunity of discussing the question of thu subsidy to tllo French company, and that anything that had so far been clone was subject to the approval of Parliament; yet, previous to that, the contract hud been irrevocably signed. That was a breaoli of tlie courtesy duo to Parliament, a breach of tho promise made by the Government to tho House, and to his mind it Avas one of the most disgrace ful transactions that had ever been entered into by two colonies. What littlo business hod been done betAvccn Ncav Caledonia and Australia would bo taken .way by this cable, as it would place tho French colonists in direct communication witli Paris. (" Hear, hoar.") Mr. M'Mitian concluded b.v recapitu lating the main features iu his criticism. Mr. GARVAN said the lion, member who had previously spoken pointed out that if Treasury bills were to bo issued for a deficit at the end of tho year they should bo issued for a cash deficit only. He Avould like to know Avhy, Avlicn tho hon. member had occa sion to issue Treasury bills, ho had not issued them on that basis. Mr. M'MILLAN : I proposed a complete alteration in tlie system of accounts. Mr. GARVAN: Tho cash overdraft in 1888 amounted to £1,200,000, and Mr. M'Millan obtained authority to issue Trea sury bills for £2,600,000. Personally he aa-as opposed to tlie principle then, and no was opposed to it uoav. Tho Acting-Treasurer claimed that the taxpayers had been saved £1,303,000 on the year's accounts. In order to druAv that conclusion, hoAvever, lie had stated premises that had no relation to one another. In tlie one case ho stated tho amount of the appro priations of Parliament, and in tlie next set of figures he stated Avhat was to be the ex penditure of the year following. Everybody must know that there Avas really no connec tion betAvcen those figures ; and the only possible result of forcibly connecting them Avould , bo an illogical conclusion. As a matter of fact, Avhilst the expenditure for 1892 had been £10,543,000, the total easli ex penditure for tho present year Avould be upAvards of £10,000,000. Obviously, there Avas no saA'ing of £1,303,000 there. During the first three-quarters of tlie year tho ex penditure had exceeded the revenue by £287,000, and there aa-as nothing to lead one to believe that tlie revenue for the present quarter would more than cover the expenditure. At the same time, judging by returns that ho had received from tho Treasury, there was no reason to hope that tho revenue for the present quarter Avould not fall short at all events of tlie rcA-enue for the same period of last year, and it might be more. So far, on the present month's transactions, the revenue had_ ex ceeded that of last year by £35,531. What Sir George Dibbs had said in his budget speech about the stopping of tlie sale of lauds in 1883 Avas hardly correct, for Avhilst Parlia ment- had limited the amount which it Avas possible for Governments to disposo of, as a mutter of fact every Minister had offered more land for sale than people Avere ready to buy. Referring to tho Premier's assertion that the deficit of £1,500,000 should not remain "a perpetual ghost," he said that as far as members of Parliament Avere concerned it would be at any rate a lifelong and very substantial ghost. (Cheers.) No practice Avas more harmful than this of hanging deficits up. Instead of disappearing by a stroke of the pen, the deficit should he kept before the eyes of every Treasurer until by economy and Avise administration itAVus wiped off. Mr. M'MILLAN : And yet you have £1,000,000 of unexpended balances. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. GARVAN : Tho deficit must be dealt Avith in a more manful Avay than this, and it could bo Aviped off in two years instead of remaining for 30 years in the face of ail the contingencies that might arise. When Mr. Burns Avas Treasurer and proposed to Avipo off a deficit in fonr years a a-ote of censure avus moved, because the proposal was con sidered inefficient. He (Mr. Uarvan) moved it. Sir HENRY PARKES : Surely you ueA'or did that! (Laughter.) Mr. GARVAN : And ono of my strongest supporters avus tlie present Premier. (Laughter.) With respect to the Premier's statement that there should bo no further borrowing— — Sir GEORGE DIBBS: "No further hor- roAviug in England." Mr. GARVAN : Though an opponent of unnecessary borrowing, ho thought it Avould be great economy to rcduco the annual bor- l'oAviugs from £3,000,000 to £1,000,000. Look ing at tho necessity for public works, lie thought that that amount aa'ould have to he raised for some years. Iu this vicrv it seemed to him absurd to pretend to buy up our in debtedness, and thus incur double expenses on £250,000 each year, for a sinking fund. The Premier said that tho sinking fund Avould improve our credit ill England; but Avhat advantage avus that if, as the thornier said in the same speech, Ave should As to economy, as valuable as it Avas iu government, Avliat had been done ill respect of tlie, internal Avork of tho colony— such as tho roads and bridges vote — Avas not economy ; and he likened it to a man econo mising for the sake of his family by denying himself food and thus reducing his energy. The proposal to cut down to £480,000 the vote he mentioned avqs one that could not and must not be passed by Parliament. On tlie fiscal issue ho reiterated his faith in pro tection and his intention to fight under that flag if it Avas raised at tho approaching election. (Cheers.) Mr. REID, rising amid cries of "Minister" as the Chairman Avas about to put the ques tion, said it was strange that the speech of Mr. M'Millan, considering that that gentle man Avas an authority on finances, had not received tlie slightest reply from Ministers. If Ministers admitted, as ho thought they should, that the speech could not be replied to, he avus prepared to take that answer. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : You haven't been here all the evening. Mr. REID said that lie Avas tliero long enough to hear the speech and the disorderly interjections that interrupted it. In tlie interests of the country the speech should he replied to, for Mr. M'Millan had charac terised the latest exploits of tho Acting- Treasurer in very strong terms. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : It Avill he replied to in due time. I haA'o been Avaiting for Mr. Reid's speech. M r. REID : I don't Avish to speak again. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Aren't you going to speak ? Air. REID : Well, I don't say tiiat I Avon't, but I don't Wish to. What I Avisli is that tho people shall liaA-c tlie advantage of a reply from tho Government benches. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I intend to reply sooner or later, but I don't intend to start at 10 o'clock at night. I Avant to read Air. AI'Aliilan's speech, as he road mine, and comprehend nis meaning. (" Hear, hear.") There Avill be no necessity to' adjourn the House if Ave adjourn tlie debate, for tliero is an important bill enabling the Corporation of Sydney to borrow £300,000, and in that Avay give work to the unemployed. Sir HENRY PARKES : In that case I'll move the adjournment of the debate. Sir GEORGE DlBBS : It isn't necessary. We're in committee. You Avill speak first to-morroAV. Progress Avas reported, and leave obtained . to sit aguin. 