MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES . Mr. MnrBiinll IlnU's new concert overturo wnn duly brought out nt tho Crystal PaIaco on tho 4 tli Mnroh, nnil wo append a couplo of oritl- clflmn on tho work. Tho flrst of theso nppenred in tho 5im(nf/ Times, nnd is thercforo pro- Rumably from tho i>on of Mr. Uornmnn Klein, tho woll known critio and litterateur. It runs ns follows :— "Yestordny'i oouoort at .tho Crystal PaIaco began with a now ovnrturo written hy Mr. Gcorgo Marshall Hall, tlio taientod muRiolan who fills thu Ormond chnlr of muHio at Melboumo University. Sovornl of his compositions havo already won favor, nnd tbo latest cortainly did not provo the least interest ing of tho scries. Iu a letter to his brother Mr. Marshall Hull hnn givon a distinct clue to tho meaning that ousht to ho atlnehod to his Ideas. Thus tho flrst thomo represents tho opHenco of his Ufo'a resolution, longing nnd pain ;' tho second omhodios tbe ' maidenly dlvlno figure of hope while in tho highly original section whioh follow, a mysterious horn passage i» likened to 'a voice of onoourngomcnt sponldng from far riiRtnnoc, Almost from another world I' All this bespeaks a work charged with deop rnmantio nnd pasnionato sontiment, and apart from itn poetic significance tho new ovnrturo porhcrror tho inorit of being thoroughly offontivo hnd inter esting. It was admirably playod under Mr. Mann'ii dirootion, aud warmly applnudod." Tho second In from Truth, tho critic of whioh journal also cmbollishos the namo " Ormond " with n superfluous letter In this small detail the judges are agreed, and ab wo know both aro wrong ; as to dooiding bo tweon thoir somewhat divcrgont opinions of tho ovorturo in question, that is another affair. which, an far as our rondnrs aro conoornod, will probably havo to wait until the work i performed in Moibournc. Hero in Truths apprnipemont : — "As to tho muBio of Mr. MnrRhall Hall'B now ooncert overture, produced at the Crystal Palnoo on Saturday, it need only bo said that it is written on tho Wagnorlnn znodoi, nnd that it was rather loss difficult to understand than its composer's own 'dosoription of it. Mr. Hall oxplalns, ' Tho flrst tliorno, ruggod, heroic, yearning, struggling, may be taken to repress- sent all that my lifo has forced out of mo in reso lution, longing nnd pain.' This, from a man of 30, who has for somo years boon 4 Ormond,' pro- fossor of music at Melbourno at tho hnndsomo salary of £1000 per annum, may bo considorod almost Gilhcrtinn." Fanoy our own professor being In any way likened, to tbo man who collaborated with a still grantor sinner in the production of thoso terrible comio operas- works entiroly devoid of any omotloual signifi cance whatsoovor ! Two now pieces havo beon produoed at tho London theatres during tlio past week (says our London correspondent, under date 10th March)t and in eachof thom ladles wollkuown to tho play- going public of Mulbourno bavo appeared. One play belongs to what may be termed the unploa- snnt nnd repulsive drama, while the other is a sido splitting fnroioal oomcdy. At tho Royalty, whioh is now undor tlio management of Mr. Charles Oharrington, Alexandra, an ndaptatiou from tlio Gorman of Rtolmrd Vorn, wan pro duced, and must have affordod a rich treat to all persons of a gloomy and morbid framo of mind. Tho horoine, who gives her namo to tho drama, was in unriy lifo sednocd by tho convontional lord of melodrama. Sho gavo birth to a ohild, whioh diod under circum stances that result in hor boing sentenced to penal Servitude for tho orimo of infanticide. These. incidents bavo occurred before the com mencement of tho play, which opens in a London hotel, where Alexandra, just rolcaRod from gaol, and burning for revenge on hor betrayer, moots him;- Ho is now a reformed charac ter, and on seeing his formd'r miafcroHs, his old passion revives, and lio agrees to prefleut , her to .his mothor as his affianced bride. Bub Alexandra only wants to bo mado nn houost woman in order to bo ablo to taunt hor husband with having for wifo nn cx-oonviot and a murderess. Tlio Dowager Lady Knowlcsford, who only knows about tho soduotion, although thinking that her boh might do bettor, recognises tlio claim that Alexandra hns upon him -and, meta phorically, takes tho pallid and neurotio damsel to her heart Bub an impossible valet, who has long nourished n pcorot. passion for Alexandra, and c&nnot; hear tho idea of hor bocozniug tho wifo of hla .mastor, relates tho story of - tho criino and its punishment to tho downgor, who tells Aloxandra to loavo tlio house. Inatoad of doing so alio relate tho story of her erimo and tho intentions she lmd in resuming her ncquaintanoo with hor former lover to Lord Knowlosford liimsolf in suoh a manner that he thinks Bho is talking about tho misfortunes of somo other woman. Tho poor young man expresses his disgust at tbo imaginary fcmalc'a oonduot, although Aloxandra trios to soften tho atrocity of her behavior by adding that sho had ovontually learned to lovo the man whom sho originally only desired to punish. Lord Knowlcsford expresses a strong opinion that tho host thing for such an abandoned huescy is to dio, nnd Alexandra takes bim nt Ids word, swallows an overdoso of morphia, and nftor having donned a most fetch ing, whito dressing gown and lot down her back hair gives up tho ghost. Miss Janet Achurch mado the most of the Had and molanoholy part sho hnd to play, but the sympathies of tho audioiico wero nevor with her, and tho task of making tho Aloxandra endur able would havo boon too much for any actress. Mr. Herbert Flomming was more successful with Lord Knowlcsford, who is not half a bad fellow, nnd Bcemod anxious to do all in his power to ntone to Alox andra for tho wrong ho had committed, and Mr. Oharrington gavo a graphic rendering of "the half-witted servant. It cannot bo said that any moful lesson is taught by Alexandra, and no person would either be amused or instructed by seeing it performed. It is essentially a play to bo avoided. But once admitting that all phases of humau life and human passion should bo portrayed on tbe Btagc, and Alexandra is,, botli to author and actors, an artistic success. Our London corrospondont writes : — Mr. A. "W. Pincro is a past master in farcical comedy, and ho has hit upon a now vein in The Amazons. The Dowager Marohioness of Oas- tlefard (Miss Roac Licberg) ifl a most eccentric lady, and her deccasod husband was equally unconventional. Disappointed at having only daughters whon sho wished for souk, uho deter mines upon bringing up Lady Nocliinc (Miss Lily Hanhury), Lady Wilhelmina (Miss Kllalino j Tcrris)andLady Thomas&ine;(MissPattieBrowue) as though they bolonged to tho male sex. They aro taught every athletic sport in which a public school hoy would delight, and aro accustomed to wear tho breeches with enso and grace. The audience have to tako their accomplishments somewhat upon trust, but there is no doubt about tho boauty and pioturosquouess of their appoarance. Nocllino goes to London, wbcro, masquerading in mnlo nttire, she takes part in n street fracas, and is rescued by hor oousin, Lord Littorly, who, not guessing lior sox, takes her to lii chamber. FiuaJIy, of course, ho falls in lovo with hor, and, notwithstanding her masculine habits and hor sporting prooliviticH, becomes vory womnuly tho momont that her nfloctioiiB aro aroused. Wilhclmina, in liko manner, pairs off with a Frenchman, tho Count do Gnoal, whoso groat desire is to be taken for nn English man, while Thomnssine falls to a very contempt ible poer.Lord T woenwages. Tbo passageR between thislovdllng, most humorously played by Mr. "Wee- don Grosmibh, and Thomassino wero nmougst tlio most laughter moving in tho piece. The London public bad boon taught to cxpccbagrcat deal from this lady, who was said by the lato lion. Lewis Wing field to bu tlio bust of tho Aus tralian actresses, and tlicy certainly wore moro tlmn pleased. Shu was bright, vivacious and intelligent, nnd at once made her mark. Indeed, with tho exception of Mis Lottie Veune, thcro is no notres in London who can rival her in what are kuown as uoubrottc parts. Commenting on tho closing of several London theatres iatoly devoted to comio opera, Truth romarks that "practically tho whole of tlio coinic operatic artists of Loudon, with the ex ception of tho Savoy troupo and a fow singors engaged for tho musical comedy at tho Shaftes bury, aro now resting.' This will probably reduce the inflated salaries demanded by comic operatic performers, thanks mainly to whioh wo have, during tho paBt fow months, experienced so many disasters. Tho motto bcncoforwnrd will, I faucy, bo something liko that adopted by American managor, wbo told a singer prating of his artigtio reputation, 4 Name what salary you liko for newspaper paragraphs, but tako half.'" The ttme journal is also responsible for tho following " Mr. Dwramleau died tat woolr. I do not supposo anybody will reoogniso even "hii namo ; but when I monttou tho fact th.it ho W(l, composer of thoso soul stirring lyrics, Novor In traduce Your Dunuh to a Pal and If You Want to Know tho Timo Ask a F'llcoman, tho importnnca of tho event will ho understood. I reject to learn that his family havo been left almost in want. It Is not muslo hall composors who make tlio money." Wo slip tho following two paragraphs from tho Daily News: — Sir Arthur Sullivan proposos to return to England towards tlio end ot tlio prcsont month, nnd will therefore write tho greater part of his now Savoy opera in Ills nalivo land. On Sunday Inst, by Invitation of tlio Foreigners' Club at Monaco, ho oonduotod ono of tho Con certs Internationnux, tho programme being iti voted exclusively to ids own works, including tho Maohotli overture, tho Maequo fro,„ tlio . Meroliant of Vcnico, two movements from tho Ilonry VIII. music, the Di Hallo ovorture, and nn andanto nnd allegro dosoribed ns do la symphonic En Irlande " Tho orohostrn— ooiulsting ns. it did of only sit strings and 14 wind, besides a couplo of harp, nnd tlio drums— must lmvo appeared strange to tlio conduotiorof tho Loods Festival. Howover tlio French, who onmo to soofi at English music' remaluod to pralso ; and Sir Arthur has been nskod to oonduot a second English concert on Sunday woolr, when tlio progrnmmo will include Stcriulalo Bennett's symphony and works by 1'arry, Oowen, Stanford,- Mnokcuzio and others. Mr. Santloy's now Mass hi A flat, of tho pro- duotlon of which nt tho Fro-Cathedral on Christmas Day wo gavo an ncoount, will bo heard for tho first timo in a onnnerh n»n ;e. Kensington town lmll on Monday evening, the performance boing oonduotod by the popular baritone himself. What would Mr. Santioy sny to this estimate hy n Viotorinn provinoiut journalist of Ids fnvorito song 1 Tho soribo, referring to a popular Melbourno vocalist, assorts that in rcsponso to rnpturouH npplauso ho gavo "a light ballad outltled To Anthoa 1" Tlio London Daily News has recently boon directing attention to tho singular anomaly that whilo largo numbers ol ladles havo boon spend ing tlmir timo nnd monoy in studying the violin and othor orchestral instruments only mombors of tho masouiino porsunsion are admitted to pro fessional orchestras. Our oontcmporary remarks with muoh reason that " whon tho period of tuition is passed, and tho pupil has laboriously bocomo mistress of her art, sho Is steadily and Byatomatioally denied nn opportunity of etumV hor livelihood. Sho may bo quito tho equal of tlio nvorngo mnlo, nnd may ho hotter than many. But not a coucoi't conduotor, operatic impresario or theatre manager will bavo her, avowedly for no otlier ronuou than that alio is a woman." According to a lady correspondent of tho journal quoted, " Even so liberal minded n mnn as Sir A. Harris, whop lio found a difficulty in scouring a permanent opera lmnd hero, turned his oyeB to tlio Continent, although plenty of women fully qunlificd as orchostral porformors, and perhaps possessing moro pationco at rohoarualu than the sterner sex can boast, would bavo bcon only too glad to earn a salary of £2 10s. a week and the' News goes on to sny— "There is nothing unwomanly in violin playing, for Lady Hulld it ono of our most popular artists ; while that there is any impropriety in indies taking their plnco sido by sido with riion in tho oonoort, opora or theatre orchestra is disproved by their frcqncst nppcarancos in tho band at our strictest music boIiooIb, and tho fact that for many years at Her Majesty's Theatre, undor Sir Miohnol Costs, tho harpist wnB a woman. Nothing but an iron bound custom ordains tlmt an orchestra must ho oxelusively composed of mon, and our fair corre spondent would liko to soo a manager with sufficient pluolc, gallantry niul enterprise to give lady players a nlianco. For oursolves, wo may add that whatever may lio thought and said on one sido or tho other, tho mnttor domands care ful consideration, nlthough tlio absurdity of trnining women nt our groat musical academies for a profession from which thoy nre oxoludedis beyond all quostion." Tlio Cambridge University Musical Sooiety is organising a grand "Concert of the Dootors " to to be hold oarly iu Juno, at whioh five dis tinguished European composure nro to tako part. The list oomprisos Jinx. Brucli, Snint-Snons, Bo'ito, Tsohaikowski aud Grieg, who will all rocelvo the honorary degree of Doctor of Musio on tho occasion. Invitations wore also sont lo Brahms nnd Vordl, who, however, found themselves unable to acoopt. There will till be representatives of Gormany, France, Italy, Russin nud Soandinavia, and it may bp questioned whothcr an " international " concert at wliioh so many prominent composors havo assistod lias ovor taken plnoo. Saint Saons is to appear in tho doubto eapaoity of pianist and composer, and onoli of tho otb'or "Mus Doc's" will oonduot a work of Ills own. Tho pro gramme is also to inoludo Dr. Villiers Stan ford's oliornl sotting of tho Ohioago Exhibition Ode, Ennt to Wcst, .whiolt has beon writtonby Mr. A. O. Swinbuine. 