A SLENDER CLUE; 0r, THE MYISTERY OF HARDI.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE S'TORY. [BY LAWRENCE L. LYNOCH.]. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XXXVII.-( Contin ned.) ' I wish I could help you,' he said; 'but I know of no one living in Roseville who, to my knowledge, ever knew either this man Joe Larsen or Bertha Warham. The letter, to me, looks like a genuine, honest effort to tell yout the little known to the writer, and at the same time to pro tect himself from further trouble or annoyance in the case. You must admit that, to a stranger, one who may at this time be hundreds of miles away, the possibility of a legal sum mons, with all its attendant hind rances, its absolute business losses, perhaps, such a letter as this might have seemed a simple and easy way to tell all that he knew, to ease his conscience, and yet protect himself from those peculiar courtesies which the law sometimes pays a reluctant and innocent witness at a distance.' 'And this is all you will say ?' 'It is all I can say. As you have said, the writing is disguised, and well disguised. I cannot recognise it. Inever saw this writing. It is my belief that it is an honest letter; that the writer has told you all he knows.' Oarnes stuffed the letter back into his pocket, and arose. 'In my experience,' he said, 'an anonymous letter that is honest from first to last, that has nothing sinister or tricky in word or motive, that does not conceal more than it tells, is a thing unknown.' He took his hat and moved back. 'However, I see that I have your ultimatum; I shall get no further in formation from you.' He paused for just a perceptible moment, and their eyes met; those of Carnes were full of meaning, while Brian's met them clear, calm, baffling. 'You have my ultimatum, cer tainly,' he said, bowing his visitor out while he spoke. 'Of anonymous letters I have had little experience.' So they separated, and Carnes went back to the little hotel, vexed, and none the wiser, little dreaming that, for the first time, he had been within a hand's reach of a promising clue. Late that night, when Kenneth Baring had said his good-bye, and gone away conqueror, leaving his fair betrothed at once happy and sad, and with no desire to go to her room and to sleep, Brian, sitting beside her, weary, yet willingly waiting her pleasure, and fully in sympathy with her mood, bethought him to tell her of his visitor. Rene listened, in evident sym pathy with the detective and his search. 'What a pity!' she said at the last. 'How I wish you could have given him some help, some clue !' Brian smiled. 'I could not,' he said; 'but if I am assured that you won't betray me to the 'detective, I will give you--a clue.' ' A clue ? Charlie Brian ! Do you know who wrote that letter?' 'INo, sis, I don't know. But I shi~ewdly guess that it may have 'been--" 'Whom ?' "' It's to be a secret, mind.' 'Of course ! I shan't run out after this .detective.' - 'WVell, I think ,that our friend Jermryh, feeling' anxious to put 'the little that he knows where it might be of use, and yet more anxious not to be annoyed further, perhaps in the midst of his honeymoon, may have taken this way to on lighten the police. I call it very con siderate to him. It is what I might have done myself-under like circum stances.' 'Like circumstances ! what do'you know of the circumstances ? Do you mean to say that he saw-'. 'He saw- something, and, con sidering all things, I think he de serves high praise. Even on his wed ding-day he could not forget that he might say "a word in season" and help out justice.' Iene seemed to have grown eud denly sleeply. 'If you are going to extol him, brother mine, I will even hie me to my renose. Mr. Jermyn is capable of stranger things than these, mark me, sir.' 'The noext morning saw the two de tectives on their return journoey, and by the same train went Kenneth Baring. All were smokers, and as Carnes was in an unsocial mood, Stanhope, after a time, found him self next to young Baring, and chatting freely with him. That two such natures should fratornise was a matter of. course. Stanhope had witnessed Baring's farewell with Charles Brian, and he knew him for a 'Baring of the .Hille,' and Brian had pointed out Carnes to his friend, and mentioned his visit of the previous night. After a few desultory remlarks had been ex changed, Baring said: ' If you will allow me to introduce myself I would be glad to talk with you upon the sub ject which ] understand has interested yourself and your friend here, 'to the extent of bringing you to Roseville. Do you prefer to keep yourself incog. -or-' Stunhope broke in with a frank laugh, 'Excuse my interruption, Mir. * Baring, you see I already know you. And for myself, I have no reason for desiring to hold myself incog. just now if I could. ]My friend and I have been looking into a little matter counnected with the Warham affair, and there has been no especial attempt at secrecy; it's only in romance that you find the detective always posing as a mystery; an open course is often a winning one in real life, and if you have any ideas to air -or if you know any of these parties -why, fire away, go ahead. I'm a good listener.' Baring laughed in his turn. ' You take me up with a vengeance,' he said. 'I knew none of the parties, and I only saw Bertha Warbam once, and that nearly four years ago, when she was hardly more than a child.' 'Oh! Tell me about it; how did she impress you then, if at all ?' 'She didimpress me, decidedly; it was at a party-a regular country merry making. Probably she was the youngest girl there, certainly she was the prettiest, and she showed us a sample of her spirit that night.' 'In what way ?' 'I will tell you it, just as I saw it. I was standing with a group of young people, all chatting gaily while wait ing for our various conveyances to be brought to the door; it was at the close of the party. It had chanced that I had not been presented to the little beauty; she was too fully monopolised to leave a chance for me; I was, in f:ct, a stranger, and looker-on. But she happened to be standing very near me, and was talking and laughing merrily when a big fellow, muffled and ready for the road, made his way among us, and we all knew at once that he was under the influence of liquor. He came close to Miss War ham, and said very brusquely: "Ready to go home ?" Quick as thought she whirled about and faced him. "I am ready to go home," she said haughtily, "but not with you ! Stand aside !" He was between her and the door, but he fell back as if he were dazed, and the girl went past him, past all of us, like an enraged princess. She did not hasten, nor look to right or left. The fellow broke into a string of oaths, and someone half led, half-dragged him into another room just as my companions called me with the others of our party.' 'And did you never hear the sequel, or who the fellow was ?' 'I think, without doubt, it was Larsen. Afterwards I was told that he had pledged himself not to drink while in her company, and she had warned him what the result would be if he failed to keep his word.' 'And that,' said Stanhope, in a murmuring tone, ' was Bertha War ham in her early teens.' Then, after a moment of silence, ' and you never saw her again ?' 'I never saw her again.' When the two parted, upon reach ing the city, they shook hands warmly, and Baring proffered his New Orleans address. ' We may meet again,' he said. ' Perhaps some time I may even be of some use toyou; at any rate, should you want to see me, this will tell you where to look me up.' And now began another period of vexation and tediousness for our friends Carnes and Stanhope. To visit Joseph Larsen, to watch Sharp and his men, to keep an eye upon everything and everybody in the remotest way connected with the Warham mystery was all that seemed open to them; and with all their vigilance they could hit upon no new fact, possibility, or hope. Bertha Warham's picture had been sent in many directions, and after a week or more letters of acknowledg ment, letters accepting the commission, and letters rejecting it, began to come in, but no one had seen Bertha War ham; no one could give news of her. One of the first to reply to a letter, which had enclosed one of the pictures of the missing one, was a certain re. porter resident in Philadelphia, and by name Luis eMoss. Mr. Moss' card had been given Stanhope by a city reporter who knew him in a business way, and it was Stanhope who had addressed him on the subject of the search. Mr. Moses had received Mr. Stan hope's 'interesting' letter, and in any other way would be glad to oblige a gentleman ' of whom he had heard so favourably,' but he 'must beg to be excused. Under no circumstances could he so far stretch the limits of his profession as to lend a hand in the pursuit of a young woman, whatever her fault or crime.' In his capacity of reporter for the Evenzin ..ailstorm, however, he would willingly, 'most willingly,' report the affair fully and completely, whenMr. Stanhope should see fit to entrust him with a matter which, of course, he 'looked upon, until otherwise informed, as a secret of the officers of the law. And Mr. Moses was 'Fraternally yours, etc., Luis Moses.' 'That Jew is a fraud,' pronounced Carnes, contemptuously, when Stan hope read him this letter. 'I'm will ing to bet something that he is a re porter for what there is in it, and don't you forget it. I notice that he don't send back the picture of that " young woman." ' 'I notice that they all forget to send back the "young woman's picture," ' said Dick, tossing the letter aside with careless indifference. 'Well, Mr. Moses is only one little reporter in a city full of them, so we will thank him for his proffer of his reportorial pen, and say good-bye to him.' Almost a month had passed since the arrival of his polite refusal to overstep the limits of his profession, when a second letter came, and was at once recognised by Stanhopo as from Mr. Moses. He opened it with an air of indiffer ence, which changed to a look of interest as he scanned the page, and a perusal of the whole sent him off in hot haste in search of his friend. Mir. Moses' second letter was very unlike his first. 'My dear Mr. Stanhope.' so it began, in a neat and very lady-liie hand, neater, if thait could be, than was the first. ' Since. Writing you last a strange thinig has happened; I have seen the lady of whom you are in search;-I am sure of it, and my eyes are very good ones. Upon reflection I decide that I may have mistaken my duty in this case. In explanation of my change of conduct, will only say here that, in thinking of the young womanyou wish to find, I pictured her as poor, hunted, oppressed perhaps. 'The lady who answers perfectly to. your description, and is the counter part of the picture, I saw in an opera box, dressed in satin, loaded with diamonds, surrounded by a gay party of friends. I think you will do well to come on, for although I could .nof trace her home, I hope, through some member of the party with which I saw her, to find out everything you may wish to know; more it would be unwise to write, but under the changed circumstances, I am yours to command, LuIs ' MOSES."' Having listened to the reading of this, Carnes once again volunteered an opinion of Mr. Moses. "That Jew has almost showed his hand. He's a sheeny, and he scents a fat "settler" from somebody. You'll have to go, Dick, but look out for Sheeny Moses.' Stanhope laughed. ' I'm greatly obliged to Sheeny Mloses, if he puts me upon anything like the ghost of a track; I won't ask him to strain his tender conscience, once he puts me upon the trace of my lady. Don't be too hard upon the fellow, Rufe; these "literary consciences" are tender things.' CEAPTER1 XXXVIII. SSHEEN?Y' 'OSES. Already Stanhope was feeling elated. He had wearied of the dull round of watching and waiting, and welcomed anything that should set him in motion once more. The first train outward bound for the east that evening carried Stanhope, still a dap per young man, though not the dap per young man that his best friends knew, to Philadelphia. He found Moses without difficulty, but the first look into the face of the soft-spoken, deprecating little Jew, told Stanhope that all was not well with his quest. Clearly Mr. Mosos had not looked for so prompt and personal a reply to his second letter, and his first words of welcome tripped and fell over each other, a mass of confusion. Moses was the typical Jew, with the difference that he affected not to be one, and upon all possible occasions ignored his nationality and his brethren. He was overwhelming with his regrets and apologies, and he poured out the story of his two letters, re gardless of question or comment. Briefly this was his story-M-r. SMoses did not tell it briefly: He had chanced to be at the opera on a cerItuiu nigh vwhen all tihe world was out, and he had been ushered into an especially cozy corner of a box, which, on this night, an opening night, had been reserved for members of the press. Opposite him, and clearly in sight, was a party; several gentlemen were in the box, and three ladies. One of these ladies was a large, plump, ' German-looking' blonde; the second was a little girl, neither blonde or brunette. And the third-well, at first glance Mr. Moses was startled. Then he remembered that he had with him at that moment, 'quite by chance,' the picture sent him by Mr. Stanhope; he compared the picture with the third lady, and was more than ever startled; he had not thought of looking for MLr. Stanhope's missing girl among the l61ite of the city, and yet, he was so amazed, the resemb lance was so strong, that he had lost his head; that was really his only ex planation for his heedless, hasty sum mons. He had really believed, at the time, that he could find this lady again, and that she was the original of the picture. 'And you wish me to understand that you have not found her ?' Stan hope managed to thrust in at this point. 'Alas, Meester Stanhope, if you 'ad not left the ceety so sutten after rooting my letter. For I wrote again a third time, and tolt you how it was. 'H ow it was? According to your second letter it was to be quite simple and easy; you were to trace the lady through one of the men in the box with her someone you know.' 'My cracious! deed I say such a thing as that ?' ' Something very much like that.' 'Oh!I moost of peen vild.' Mr. Moses' accent of the fatherland in creased with his excitement, and fell from him 'as he grew calmer. • Just vait; let me tell you apout how it all vas.' 'Go on, then,' curtly. 'As I said, I was.sureit was'the original of the picture, and after I had looket and looket, till I felt yet more sure, I began to look over the gentlemen; there were four or five, and one of them I recognisot not as an acquaintance, but as a man I had seeoon often at the Arcate; I knew him as a regular luncher there, and :a frequent tiner, and I felt sure I could approach him and find out the name of the lady; you see?' he finished eagerly. He had begun deliberately, like one who knows what he is about to say. But Stanhope's steady eye, resting upon his faco with cynical sternness, seemed to cause him uneasiness. 'I-see, ahem !--yes.' (To be continued../ 