3?__!___E8'0 PLOT. ? ? _^ ? . Parliament had two experiences last week, one oi them ao creditable as the other was the reverse. The debate on the Bank Issue Sill was 'by common consent a model one. It was confined for the most part to experts on the subject, or at any rate men who really did know something about it, the tons of the discussion was much above the ordinary level, and in face of what seemed to be a great public peril there was a total absence ok parLy spmt. rending reconstruction of the preeent Parliament it might almost b_ wished that? on the same conditions — tecac. pornry suspension of the general talking powers o_ the House — -the banking crisis had lasted a little longer. The restraint thafc many hon. gentlemen munt have placed upon themselves could not be too highly com mended, and cq it would be abaucd to i_z° puts it to tlieie modeaty, ol1 even to con scious ignorance, it can only be put down, we pi'0QumG8 to their patriotism. That there should have been one exception in the always somewhat priggish person of the hon. and learned member for South Sydney, Mr. B. R. Wise, was not surprising, be cause what is the uae of cramming yourself with any quB,ntity o_ stale precedents and authorities, without having an opportunity of ailing your acquisitions ? Mr. 'Wise, talking an hour by the clock, made full uae of hie, but only ao a aew°fledged financial ospert i'o be efee£ually demolished by the more practical and competent Mr. M'Mil* Ian, oven the leader o£ the Opposition, who carefully followed hio leade. on so unfamiliar a subject, making a good show bv comparison. The es:°Premier. on the other hand, though in one sense a proved financial expe.fc of the first order, made no show. Perhaps he felt it scarcely a sense in which on ouch an occa sion he would figure to much advantage (where, we need hardly say, he was quite right) ; possibly he was too buoy pondering over the plot, gunpowder plot we might almost call it, whereby he hoped at the last moment to blow up the Ministry, and add to the troubles o_ the time a political crisis. Thia was the second experience of which wa spoke, and happily it was as much a failure as the first was a suceess. To say that Sir Henry Parkefl failed ia his attempt to _aiae the wretched old cry o£ the ' Education _Let in danger' is indeed to say not enough ; we said as much in antieia pation last week ; ha covered himself with contempt When another e_-Minister who must now be nameless made a .imila. attempt he at locot did it openly, waved the ' red rag' boldly, and gloried in his shame. The ex-Premie, the other night want anothe. way to work, affected tremendous indignation about something elee, and under pretence o_ a necessity to state all the facts reminded the House, ' with no intention to raise any discussion on the fact, that from the firot the ehie_ opponents of this measure wera the Roman Catholics.' Asked if he did sot know that ihia would rai.e diseussionp his reply was — ' He could not help that.' Help it ! O£ cou.ae not ; it was his object ; but happily the House refused io see the connection between Roman Catholicism and the proposed retrenchments in the Educa« tion Department, or rather saw the intended connection all too plainly for the wicked old plotter's purpose. Not a member except Mr. Neild responded to his call to sectarian a.mo, _o_ o_ course thici insidious reference to the Catholics, apropos o£ nothiag, amounted to nothing less. Aa well have dragged in a re-ei'* .once to the Callithumpians or the bank e.ioio _o_ any .olovcney it had to the root o£ bio apoaeh, winch, was simply a series of lame and laboured objection, to tike Minis* tar'a absolutely aeeoosary .G.oruis. Mr. Sutto. had ho difficulty in showing thafc they V7qvq necessary ; the House none in seeing through the reel object of the ex° Premier', motion — that it was simply another Parkes plot to get back to office, and a very contemptible plot at that, eyen for him. By a majority o£ nearly two to one it Baid bo, and now, having again tried his once strongest spell and failed, it is to be hoped this perturbed spirit will cease from troub ling and, with the ' ghost' he has so often raised to such evil purpose, rest in peace. 