BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Aluminium mining has proved profitable in Switzerland. There is not a waggon factory in the whole of Mexloo, London has 960 common lodging-houses, with generally aboat 60,000 inmates. Two hundred dogs are annually doomed to death in the university of Buffalo for physiological experiments. The Cleopatra Needle Obelisk in New York is being coated with para∈ to pre serve it from crumbling away* It has lately been falling to pieces in seme parts owing to the influence of the weather. Of 1000 m;n who marry, 8S2 marry youg«r woman, 679 marry women of the same skge and 89 marry older women. The improvement ol firearms in the cooree of the present contury almost equals the progress from crossbows to fliatlock muskets. The Busslan Government has ordered special smoking compartments to be re served for ladies travelling on Bussian rail ways. Japaneso doctors never present bills to their patients. They await the patient's inclination to pay, and then thankfully aeoept whatever sum is offered. An electrically driven rotary planer tbat Lb operated liko a lawn-mower is usea in 10ms of the shipyards in Glasgow for smoothing the decks ol vessels. | A man walked across Niagara on a wire cable. He wheeled a cooking range iu front | of him, and, stopping midway, lit the Are 1 and cooked a meal on the wire. The letters in the various alphabets of the world vary from 12 to 202 in bumber. The Sandwich Islanders have the first-named number, the Tartarian the last. In its manufacture a knife in handled by seventy different artisans from the momect the blade is forged until the instrument is finished and smoothly wrapped up for thu market. A curious phenomenon has just occurred at the village oi Gamlingay, ia Cambridge shire. A dense cloud waa observed to be passing over, which suddenly borsfe, and, to tbe astonishment of the villagers, it was 1 seen to be a shower of ants a&d; similar winged insects. People and the ground bccame smothered with them, a&d; they Ewarmcd in millions. Every elep taken crushed hundreds ot them. The C&iness; detective force is a secret body, ani the best organised in tbe world. They have an eye upon every man, woman, or child, foreign or native, in China, and, ia addition, watch over cach other. A Japanese novelty is 'glass paper,' which is said to combine wonderful trans parency with unmual Btrength and tenacity, Yhe material for making it is furnished by a Japanese aquatic plant. A cane with a concealed ' clip' at the end is the latest implement of a thief's ont fit. The clip ie operated by a spring ia the handle, and the tori is used by shopliftsrs to clutch things apparently beyond their reach. In England BOtne striking forge-workers recently decided tbey were in the wrong, and, besides going back to work at once, voluntarily paid their employers £25 in demnity tor the loss caused by their striking. One-third of the university students ot Europe die prematurely from the effects of bad habits acquired in college, one-third die prematurely from tho effects of close con finement at their studies, and the other third govern Europe. Scientists find a puzzle in the fact that while 6300 honses in Zmte were destroyed by the recent earthquake, due as they be lieve, to the action of erosive enrrcnts in the era, tbe submarine cables about the islands lie undisturbed and unharmed beneath the aea. At a recent meeting of tho British Boyal Society one of tho members exhibited some carlcus photographs produced by placing coins or medals upon a sensitised plate. An electrical current was turned through the obj »ct and a developer applied to the palm, when perfect images of the objects were obtained. The house in which Lieut. Pear- will live InGre nlaud is on board the Falcon. Tt- ia BKft Yw Ifift. IB tinilt rtf WOOd and tirred paper, the walls are doable, aad it will be aurrronndttl by a stone wall two fact thick, protected by a banking of enow. Thi house is lighted from above and will have electrie lights in winter. A notorious female swindler has been sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Parif. Sbe has a dozen huabauds living. Bhe advertised for a husband, describing herself most flatteringly, and said she had a fortune of £120.000. She married one wealthy suitor after another, only to dc camp a day or two after tho wedding with the presents and whatever else she could lay her hands on. A ghost is said to haunt a house at Cbalk Farm, England. It is credited with hurling stones, breaking the windows from tho in side. Thoussnds cf people &Memb;'e nightly in the hope of seeing the intruder, and prayers, asking for Bome explanation, I have been offered up in the house ty a j clergyman. The stones ar£ B3id to be oftea so thrown as just to escapc the faces of the children living in the bouse. Tbe famous vine at Hampton Court Palace, which is now lft years old, and occupies a space of 2200 square feet, is this year in very good condition, and beais 1200 large bunches of grapes. The fruit, which is nf the Black Hambro' kin'\ is ieierved for tbe Queen, who usually sends most of it to the London hospital-. 