THE STORYTELLER MONTEZUMA'S DAUGHTER. By H. EIDEE HAGGARD, Author of ' She,' 'Allan Quaxtermain,' 'King Solomon's Mines,' ' Mr. Meeson's Wdl,' &c;, &c.; COPYBIGHTED, 1893, BY H. RlDEE HAOGABD. Chaptee XVII.— THE ARISING OF PA PANTZIN. On the morrow Papantzin died, and was buried with great pomp that same evening in the burial ground at Chapoltepcc, by the Bide of the Emperor's royal ancestors. But, as will be seen, she was not content with their company. On that day, also, I learned that to be a god is not all pleasure, since it was expected of me that I mu-t master various arts, and chiefly tbe horrid art of music, to which I never had any desire. Still, my own wishes were not allowed to weigh in the matter, for there came to me tutors, aged men who might have found better employment, to instruct me in we use or toe iuie, ami uu hub instrument I must learn to strum. Others there were, also, who taught me letters, poetry, and art, as they were understood among the Aztecs ; and all this knowledge I was glad of. Still, I remembered the words of the preacher which tell us that he who iocreaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow ; and, moreover, I could see little use in acquiring learning that was to be lost shortly on the stone of sacrifice. As to this matter of the sacrifice I was at first The nage withdrew, and presently a veiled woman stood before me. I looked at her, wondering, and bade her unveil and speak. She obeyed, and I saw my visitor was the Princess Otomie.— Chaptee XVIII. desperate. Bnt reflection told me that I had already passed many dangers and come out un Hcathed, and, therefore, it was possible that I might escape this one also. At least death was 8 ill a long way off, and for the present I was a pod. Sj I determined that, whether I died or lived, while I lived I would live like a god and take such pleasures as came to my hand, and I acted on this resolve. No man ever had greater or more strange opportunities, and no roan can have used them better. Indeed had it not been for the sorrowful thoughts of my lost love and home, which would force themselves upon me, I should have been almost happy, because of the power that I wielded and the strangeness of all around me. But I muBt to my tale. During the days that followed the death of Papantzin, the palace and the city also were plunged in ferment. The minds of men were shaken strangely because of the rumours that filled the air. Every night the fiery portent blized in the east, every day a new wonder or omen was reported, and with it some wild tale of the doings of the Spaniards, who by most were held1 to be white gods, the children of Quetzal, come back to take the land that their forefathers ruled. But of all that were troubled none were in such bad case as the Emperor himself, who, during these days, scarcely ate, or drank, or slept, so heavy were his fears upon him. In this strait he sent messengers to his ancient rival, that wise and severe man Neza, the king of the allied State of Tezcuco, begging him to visit him. This king came— an old man with a gleaming eye, terrible to look on ; and I was witness to the interview that followed, for in my quality of god I had full liberty of the palace, and even to be present at the councils of the Emperor and his nobles. When the two monarchs had feasted together, Monte zuma spoke to Neza of the matter of the omens and of the coming of the Teules, asking him to lighten the darkness by his wisdom. Then Ncza pulled his long grey beard and answered that, heavy as the heart of Montezuma might be, it must grow still heavier before the end. ' See, Lord,' he said, ' I am so sure that the days of our empire are numbered that I will play you at dice for my kingdoms, which you and your forefathers have ever desired to win.' ' For what stake ?' asked Montezuma. ' I will play you thus,' answered Neza. ' You shall stake three fighting-cocks, of which, should I win, I ask the spurs only. I stake against them all the wide empire of Tezcuco.' ' A small fctake,' paid Montezuma ; ' cocks are maoy and kingdoms few.' ' Still, it shall serve our turn,' answered the aged king, 'for know that we play against fate. As the game goes fo shall the issue be. If you win my kingdoms all is well ; if I win the cocks then good-bye to the glory of Anahuac, for its people shall cease to be a people, and strangers shall possess the land.' 'Let us play and see,' said Montezuma ; and they went down to the place that is called tlachco, where the games are set. Here they began ihe match with dice, and at first all went well for Montezuma, go that he called aloud that already he was lord of Tezcuco. ' May it be so !' answered the aged Neza ; . and from that moment the chance changed. For, strive as he would, Montezuma could not win another point ; and presently the set was finished, and Neza had won the cocks. Now the music played, and courtiera came forward to give the king homage on his success. But he rose sighing, and said : ' I had far sooner have lost my kingdoms than won these fowls, for if I had lost my kingdoms they would still have passed into the hands of one of my own race. Ndw, alas ! my possessions and his must come under the hand of strangers, who shall cast down our gods and bring our names to nothing.' And, having spoken thus, he rose ; and, taking farewell of the Emperor, he' departed for his own land, where, as it chanced, he died very shortly, without living to see the fulfilment of his pro phecies. On the morrow of his departure came further accounts of the doings of the Spaniards, that plunged Montezuma into still greater alarm. In his fear he sent for an astronomer, noted through out the land for the truth of his divinations. The astronomer came, and was received by the Emperor privately. 'What he told him I do not know, bnt at least it was nothing pleasant ; for that very night men were commanded to pull down the house of this sage, who was buried in its ruins. Two days after the death of the astronomer Montezuma bethonght him that, as he believed, I also was a Teule, and could give him information. So at the hour of sunset he sent for me, bidding me walk with him in the gardens. I went thither, followed by my musicians and attendants, who would never leave me in peace ; but be commanded that all should stand aside, as he wished to speak \- with me alone. Then he began to walk beneath the mighty cedar trees, and I with him, but keep ing one pace behind. 'Teule,' he f aid at length, 'tell me of your countrymen, and why they have come to these shores. See that you speak truth.' ' They are no countrymen of mine, 0 Monte zuma,' I answered, ' though my mother was one of them.' ' Did I not bid you speak the truth, Teule ? If your mother was one of them, must you not also be of them ; for are you not of your mother's bone and blood ?' ' 'As the King pleases,' I answered, bowing. Then I began and told him of the Spaniards — of their country, their greatness, their cruelty, and their greed of gold ; and he listened eagerly, though I think that he believed little of what I said, for his fear had made him very suspicious. When I had done he spoke, and said : ' Why do they come here to Anahuac?' ' I fear, 0 King, that they come to take the land, or at the least to rob it of all its treasure, and to destroy its faiths.' ' What, then, is your counsel, Teule ? How can I defend myself against these mighty men, who are clothed in metal, and ride upon fierce wild beasts, who have instruments that make a noise like thunder at the sound of which their adversaries fall dead by hundreds, and who bear weapons of shining silver in their hands F Alas ! there is no defence possible, for they are the children of Quetzal come back to take the land. From my childhood I have known that this evil overshadowed me, and now it has come.' ^.' If I, who am only a god, may venture to speak to the lord of the earth,' I answered, ' I say that the reply is easy. Meet force by force. The Teules are few, and you can muster a thousand soldiers for every one of theirs. Fall on them at once ; do not hesitate till their prowess finds them friends, bnt crush them.' ' Such is the counsel of one whose mother was a Teule,' the 'Emperor answered, with sarcasm and bitter meaning. 'Tell me, now, counsellor, how am I to know that in fighting against them I shall not be fighting against the gods ; how even am I to leam the true wishes and 'purposes of men or gods who cannot speak my tongue, and whose tongue I cannot speak?' ' It is easy, O Montezuma,' I answered. ' I can speak their tongue. Send me to discover for you.' Now, as I spoke thus, my heart bounded with hope ; for if once I could come among the Spaniards, perhaps I might escape the altar of sacrifice. Also, they seemed a link between me and home. They had come hither in ships, and ships can retrace their path. For though at present my lot was not all sorrow, it will be guessed that I should have been glad indeed to find myself once more among Christian men. Montezuma looked at me awhile, and answered : ' Tou must think me foolish, indeed, Teule. What ! shall I send you to tell my fears and weakness to your countrymen, and to' show them the joints in my harness ? Do you, then, suppose that I do not know yon for a spy, sent to this land by these very Teules to gather knowledge of the land ? Fool , I knew it from the first, and by Huitzel ! Were you not vowed to Tezcat, your heart should smoke to-morrow on the altar of Huitzel ! Be warned, and give me no more false counsels, lest your end be swifter than you think. Know that I have asked these questions of you to a pnrpo3e, and by the command of the gods, as it was written on the hearts of those sacrificed this day. This was the purpose and this was the command, that I might learn your mind, and whatever counsel you chanced to give that I should 6hun it. You counsel me to fight the Teules, therefore I will not fight them, but meet them with gifts and fair words ; for I know well that you would have me to do that which should bring me to ruin.' Thus he spoke vary fiercely and in a low voice, his head held, low and his arms crossed upon his breast ; and I saw that he shook with passion. Even then, though I was very much afraid — for, god as I was, a nod from this mighty king 1 would have sent me to death by torment — I 1 wondered at the folly of one who in everything I else was so wise. Why should he doubt me thus, n and allow superstition to drag him down to ruin ? I To-day I see the answer. Montezuma did not I these things of himself, but because the hand of fj destiny worked with his hand, and the voice of ; destiny spoke in his voice. The gods of the Aztecs 1 were false gods indeed ; but I, for one, believe I that they bad life and intelligence, for those I hideous shapes of stone were Ihe habitations of | devils ; and the priests did not lie when they said { that the sacrifice of men was pleasing to their 1 gods. I To these devils the king went for counsel g through the priests, and now- this doom was on i| them that they must give false counsel to their i own destruction and to the destruction of those ? who worshipped them, as was decreed by One S more powerful than they. ? Now, while we were talking the sun had sunk swiftly, so that all the world was dark. But the :''? light still lingered on the snowy crests of the volcans Popo and Ixtac, s-taining them an awful .?.-; red. Never before to my sight had the shape of I the dead woman, whose everlasting1 bier is Ixfcac's I bulk, seemed so clear and wonderful as on that 1 night ; for either it was so, or my fancy gave it m the very shape and colour of a -woman's corpse E steeped in blood and laid out for burial. Nor was it my fancy alone ; for when Montezuma had finished upbraiding me he chanced to look up, and his eyes, falling on the volcan, remained fixed there. ' Look now, Teule!' he said, presently, with a solemn laugh, ' yonder lies the corpse of the nations of Anahuac, washed in a water of blood and made ready for burial. Is she not terrible in death?' As he spoke the words and turned to go, a sound of doleful wailing came from the direction of the mountain — a very wild and unearthly sound, that caused the blood in my veins to stand still. Now Montezuma caught my arm in his fear, and we gazed together on the mountain, and it seemed to us that this wonder happened. For in that red and fearful light the red figure of the sleeping woman arose, or appeared to rise, from its bier of stone. It arose slowly, like one who awakes from sleep, and presently it stood upright upon the mountain's brow, towering high into the air. I There it stood — a giant and awakened corpse, its fl ?white trappings Btained with blood ; and we ? trembled to see it. B For a while tbe wraith remained thus, gazing B towards the city of Tenoctitlan ; then suddenly it B threw its vast arms upwards as though in grief, B and at that moment the night rushed in upon it B and covered, it, while the sound of wailing died B slowly away. I ' Say, Teule,' gasped the Emperor, 'dolnot B well to be afraid when each portents as these meet B my sight day by clay. Harken to the lamenta tions in the city ; we have not seen this sight alone. Listen how the people cry aloud with feiiv and Ihe priests beat their drums to avert the -o»en. Weep on, ye people, and, ye priests, pray and do sacrifice : it is very fitting, for the day of your doom is upon you. O Tenoctitlan, queen of cities, I see you rained and desolate, your palaces blackened with fire, your temples desecrated, your pleasant gardens a wilderness. I see your high born, women the wantons of stranger lords, and yowr princes their servants, your canals run red Yfith the blood of your children, your gateways are blocked with their bones. Death is about you everywhere, dishonour is your daily bread, deso lation is your portion. Farewell to you, queen of the cities, cradle of my forefathers in which I was inursed ! ' Thus Monteauma lamented in the darkness ; and, as he cried aloud, the great moon rose over the edge of the world and poured its level light through the boughs of the cedars clothed in their ghostly robe of moss. It struck upon Montezuma's tall shope, on his distraught countenance and thin hands as he waved them to and fro in his pro phetic agony, on my glittering garments, and the terror-stricken band of courtiers, and the musicians who had ceased from their music. A little wind spring up also, moaning sadly in the tnighty trees above and against the rocks of Chapoltepcc. Never did I witness a Ecene more strange or more pregnant with mystery and the promise of unborn horror than that of this great monarch mourning over the downfall of his race and power. As yet no misfortune had befallen the one or the other, and still he knew that both Were doomed, and these words of lamentation burst from a heart broken by a grief of which the shadow only lay upon it. Bnt the wonders of that night were not yet done with. When Montezuma had made an end of crying his prophesies, I asked him humbly if I should summon to him the lords who were in attendance on him, but who stood at some distance. 'Nay,' he answered, 'I will not have them eee me thus with grief and terror upon my face. Whoever fears, at least I must seem brave. Walk with me a while, Teule, and if it is in your mind to murder me I shall not grieve.' I made no answer, but followed him as he led the way down the darkest of the winding paths that ran between the cedar tiees, where it had been easy for me to kill him if I wished, but I could not see how I should be ad vantaged by the deed ; also, though I knew that Montezuma was my enemy, my heart shrank from the thought of murder. For a mile or more he walked on without speaking, now beneath the shadow of the trees, and now through open spaces of garden planted with lovely flowers, till at last he came to the gates of the place where the royal dead are laid to rest. Now in front of theee gates was an open space of turf on which the moonlight shone brightly, and in the centre of this space lay something white, shaped like a woman. Here Montezuma halted and looked at the gates, then said : ' These gates opened four days since for Papantzin, my sister ; how long, I wonder, will pass before they open for me i' As he spoke, the white shape upon the grass which I had seen and he had not seen stirred like an awakening sleeper. As the snow shape upon the mountain had stirred, 'so this shape stirred ; as it had arisen, so this one arose ; as it threw its arms upwards, so this one threw up her arms. Now Montezuma saw and stood still trembling, and I also trembled. Then the woman— for it was a woman — advanced slowly towards us, and as she came we saw that she was draped in grave clothes. Presently she lifted her head and the moonlight fell full upon her face. Then Montezuma groaned aloud, and I groaned also, for we saw that the face was the thin pale face of the Princess Papantzin — Papant- zin who had lain four days in the grave. On she came towards us, gliding like one who walks in her sleep, till she stopped before the bush in the shadow of which we stood. Now Papantzin, or the ghost of Papantzin, looked at us with blind eyes ; that is, with eyes that were open and yet did not seem to see. 'Are you there, Montezuma, my brother P' she said in the voice of Papantzin ; 'surely I feel your presence though I cannot see you ? ' Now Montezuma stepped from the shadow and stood face to face with the dead. '' Who are you,' he said, ' who wear the shape of one dead, and are dressed in the garments of the dead ? ' ' I am Papantzin,' she answered, ' and I am risen from the dead to bring you a message, Monte zuma, my brother.' ' What message do you bring me? ' he asked hoarsely. ' I bring you a message of doom, my brother. Your empire shall fall, and soon you shall be ac companied to death by tens of thousands of your people. For four days I have lived among the dead, and there I have seen your false gods that are devils. There also I have seen the priests that serve them and many of those who worshipped them plunged into torment unutterable. ' Because of the worship of these false gods the people of Anahuac is destined to destruction.' 'Have you no word of comfort for me, Papantzin, my sister ? ' he asked. ' None,' she answered. 'Perchance, if ybu abandon the worship of the false gods, you may save your soul ; your life you cannot save, nor the lives of your people.' Then she turned and passed away into the shadow of the trees ; I heard her grave clothes sweep upon the grass. Now a fury seized Montezuma, and he raved aloud, saying-: ' .. ? ? . ' Curses on you, Papantzin, my sister ! Why then do you come back from the dead to bring me suoh evil tidings ? Had you brought hope with you, had you shown a way of escape, then I had welcomed you. May you go back to the dead, and may the earth lie heavy on your \ heart for ever. And as for my gods, my fathers wor shipped them and I will -worship them till the end ; aye, if they desert me, at least I will never, desert them. The ' gods are ? angry because the sacrifices are' few upon their altars, henceforth they shall be doubled ; aye, the priests of the gods shall themselves be sacrificed because they neglect their worship.' Then he raved on, after the fashion of a weak man maddened with terror, while his nobles and attendants, who had followed him at a distance, clustered about him, fearful and wondering. At kngth there came an end, for, tearing with his thin hands at his royal robes and at his hair and beard, Montezuma fell and writhed in a fit upon the ground. Then they carriel him into the palace, and none saw him for three days and nights. But he made no idle threat as to the sacrific?s, for from that night forward they were doubled throughout the land. Already the shadow of the cros3 lay deep upon the altars of Anahuac, but still the smoke of their offerings went up to heaven, and the screams of the captives rang round the teocallis. The hour of the demon gods was upon them indeed, but now they reaped their last red hardest, and it was rich. Now I, Thomas Wingfield, saw these portents with my own eyes, but I cannot say whether they were indeed warnings sent from heaven or illusions springing from the accidents of nature. The land was terror-struck, and it may happen that the minds of men thus smitten can find a dismal meaning in omens which otherwise had passed un noticed. That Papantzin rose from the dead is true, though, perchance, she did but swoon and never really died. At the least, she did not go bick there for a ?while, for, though I never saw her again, it is said that she lived to become a Christian and told strange tales of what she had seen in the land of death.* Chapter XVIII.— THE NAMING OF THE BRIDES. Now some months passed between the date of my naming as the god Tezcat and the entry of the Spaniards into Mexico, and during all this space the city was in a state of ferment. Again and again Montezuma sent embassies to Cortes, bearing with them vast treasures of gold and gems as presents, and at the same time praying him to withdraw ; for this foolish prince did not under stand that by displaying so much wealth he flew a lure which must surely bring the fa!con on himself. To these ambassadors Cortes returned courteous answers, together with presents of small value, and that was all. Then the advance began ; and the Emperor learned with dismay of the conquest of the war like tribe of the Tlascalans, who, though they were Montezuma's bitter and hereditary foes, yet made a stand against the white man. Next came the tidings that from enemies the conquered Tlas calans had become the allies and servants of the Spaniard, and that thousands of their fiercest warriors were advancing with him upon the sacred city of Gholula. A while passed, and it was known that Cholula also had been given to massacre, and that the holy, or rather unholy gods, had been torn from their shrines. Mar vellous tales were told of the Spaniards, of their courage and their might, of the armour that they wore, the thunder that their weapons made in battle, and the fierce beasts which they be strode. Once, two heads of white men taken in a skirmish were sent to Montezuma, fierce-looking heads, great and hairy, and with them the head of a horse. When Montezuma saw these ghastly relics he almost fainted with fear ; still, be caused them to be set up on pinnacles of the great temple, and proclamation to be made that this fate awaited every invader of the land. Meanwhile, all was confusion in his policies. Day by day councils were held of the nobles, of high priests, and of neighbouring friendly kings, Some counselled one thing, some another, and the end of it was hesitation and folly. Ah ! had Mon tezuma but listened to the voice of that great man, Guatemoc, Anahuac had not been a Spanish fief to-day. For Guatemoc prayed him again and yet again to put away his fears and declare open . -war upon the Teules before it was too late ; to cease from making gifts and sending embassies, 'to gather his countlesB armies and smite the foe in the mountain passes. But Montezuma would answer, ' To what end, nephew P How can I struggle against these men when, the gods themselves have declared for them ? Surely the gods can take their own part if they wish it ; and if they will not, for myself and my own fate I do not care ; but, alas ! for my people ; abas ! for the women and the children, the aged and the weak.' Then he would cover his face, and moan and ?weep like a child ; and Guatemoc would pass from his presence dumb with fury at the folly of so great a king, but helpless to remedy it. For, like myself, Guatemoc believed that Montezuma had been smitten with a madness sent from heaven to bring the land to ruin. Now, it must be under stood that, though my place as a god gave me opportunities of knowing all that passed, yet I, Thomas Wingfield, was but a bubble on that great wav- ejif events which swept over the world of Anahua^twogenerations since. I was a bubble on the cre8t'6TtheVave indeed, but at that time I had no more power) than the foam has over the wave. Montezumar distrusted me as a spy ; the priests looked upon me as, a god, and no more ; only Guatemoc, my friend, and Otomie, who loved me secretly, had any faith in me ; and with these two I often talked, showing them the true mean ing of those things that were happening before our eyes. But they also were strengthless ; for, though his reason was no longer captain, still the power of Montezuma guided the ship of State first this way and then that, just as a rudder directs a vessel to its ruin when the helmsman has left it, and it swings at the mercy of the wind and tide. The people were distraught with fear of the future, but not the less on that account, or per haps because of it, they plunged with fervour into pleasures, alternating them with religious cere monies. In those days no feast was neglected, and no altar lacked its victim. Like a river that quickens its flow as it draws near the precipice over which it must fall, so the people of Mexico, foreseeing ruin, awoke, as it were, and lived as they had never lived before. All day long the cries of victims came from a hundred temple-tops, and all night the sounds of revelry were heard among the streets. 'Let us eat and drink,' they said, ' for the gods of the sea are upon us, and to-morrow we die.' Now women who had been held virtuous proved themselves wantons, and . men whose names -were honest showed themselves knaves, and none cried fie upon them ; ay, even children were seen drunken in the streets, which is an abomination among the Aztecs. The Emperor had moved his household from Chapoltepec to the palace in the great square facing the temple, and this palace was a town in itself, for every night more than a thousand human beings slept beneath its roof, not to speak of the dwarfs and. monsters* and the hundreds of wild birds and beasts in cages. Here , every day I feasted with whom I *vould, and when I was weary of feasting it was my custom to sally out into the streets playing on the lute, for by now I had in some degree mastered that hateful in - For the history of the resurrection of Papantzin see note to Jonrdanet's translation of ' Eahagun,' page 870. ~ strument, dressed in shining apparel and attended by a crowd of nobles and royal pages. Then the people would rush from the houses shouting and doing me reverence, the children would pelt me with flowers, and the maidens would dance before me, kissing my hands and feet, till at length I was attended by a mob a thousand strong. And I alto danced and shouted like any village fool, for I think that a kind of mad humour, or perhaps it was the drunkenness of worship, entered into me in those days. Also I sought to forget my griefs — I desired to forget that I was doomed to the sacrifice, and that every day brought me nearer to the red knife of the priest. I desired to forget, but alas ! I could not. The fumes of the mescal and the pulque that I had drunk at feasts' would pass from my brain, the perfume of flowers, the sights of beauty, and the adoration of the people would cease to move me, and I could only brood heavily upon my doom, and think' with longing of my distant love and home. In those days, had it not been for the tender kindness of Otomie, I think that my heart would have broken, or I should have slain myself. But this great and beauteous lady was ever at hand to cheer me in a thousand ways, and now and again she would let fall some vague words of hope that set my pulses bounding. It will be re membered that when first I came to the Court of MonteKumal had found Otomie far, and my fancy turned towards her. Now I still found her fair, but -my heart was so full of terror that, there was no room in it for tender thoughts of her or of any other woman. Indeed, when I was not drunk with wine or adoration, I turned my mind to the making of my peace with Heaven, of which I had some need. Still I talked much with Otomie, instructing her in the matters of my faith and many other things, as I had done by Marina, who we now heard was the mistress and interpreter of Cortes, the Spanish leader. She, for her part, listened gravely, watching me the while with her tender eyes, but no more, for of all women Otomie was the most modest, as she was the proudest and most beautiful. So matters went on until the Spaniards had left Cholula on their road to Mexico. It was then that I chanced one morning to be sitting in the garden, my lute in hand, and having my attend ant nobles and tutors gathered at a respectful distance behind me. From where I sat 1 could see the entranoe to the Court in which the Emperor met his council daily, and I noted that when the princes had crone the priests began to come, and after them a number of very lovely girls, attended by women of middle age. Pre sently Guatemoc, the prince, who now smiled but rarely, came up to me smiling, and asked me if I knew what was doing yonder. I replied that I knew nothing and cared less, but I supposed that Montezuma was gathering' a peculiar treasure to send to his masters the Spaniards. - ' Beware how you speak, Teule,' answered the prince haughtily. ' Tour words may be true, and yet, did I not love you, you Ehould rue them, even, though you hold the spirit of Tezcat. Alas ! ' he added, stamping on the ground, ' alas! that my uncle's madness ehould make it possible that such words can be spoken. Oh ! were I Emperor of Anahuac, in a single week the head of every Teule in Cholula should deck a pinnacle of yonder temple.' ' Beware how you speak, Prince*' I answered, mocking him, ' for there are those who, did they hear, might cause you to rue your words. Still, one day you may be Emperor, and then we shall see how you will deal with the Teules— -at least, others will see, though I shall not. But what is it now ? Does Montezuma choose new wives ?' ' He chooses wives, but not for himself. You know, Teule, that your time grows short. Mcnte zuma and the priests name those who must be given to you to wife.' 'Given me to wife ! ' I said, starting to my feet ; 'to me whose bride is death P What have I to do with love or marriage — I who in some few short weeks must grace an altar ? Ah ! Guatemoc, you say you love me, and once I saved you. Did you love me surely you would save me now as you swore to do.' ' I swore that I would give my life for yours- Teule. if it lay in my power, and that oath I would keep, for all do not set so high a store on life as you, my friend. But I cannot help you ; you are dedicated to the gods, and did I die a hundred times it would not save you from your fate. Nothing can save you except the hand of Heaven , if it wills. Therefore, Teule, make merry while you may, and die bravely when you must. Tour case is no worse than mine and that of many others, for death awaits us all. Farewell ! ' When he had gone I rose, and, leaving the gardens, passed into the chamber where it was my custom to give audience to those who wished to look upon the god Tezcat, as they called me. Here I sat upon my golden couch, inhaling the fumes of tobacco, and as it chanced I was aloue, for none dared to enter that room unless I gave them leave. Presently the chief of my pages an nounced that one would speak to me, and I bent my head, signifying that the person should enter, for I was weary of my thoughts. The page with drew, and presently a veiled woman stood beforeme. I looked at her, wondering, and bade her draw her veil and speak. She obeyed, and I saw that my visitor was the Princess Otomie. Now I rose amazed, for it was not usual that she should visit me thus alone. I guessed, therefore, that she had tidings, or was following some custom of which I was ignorant. 'I pray you be seated,' she said, confusedly; ' it is not fitting that you should stand before me.' 'Why not, Princess?' I answered. 'If I had no respect for rank, Burely beauty must claim it.' ' A truce to words,' she replied, with a wave of her slim hand. ' I come here, O Ttzcat, ac cording to custom, because I am charged with a message to you. Those whom you shall wed are chosen. I am the bearer of their names.' ' Speak on, Princess of the Otomie.' ' They are '—and she named three ladies whom I knew to be among the loveliest in the land. 'I thought that there were four,' I said, with a bitter laugh. ' Am I to be defrauded of the fourth ? ' ' There is a fourth,' Bhe answered, and was silent. ' Give me her name,' I cried. ' What other slut has been found to marry a felon doomed to sacrifice ? ' ' One has been found, O Tezcat, who has borne other' titles than this you give her.' . Now I looked at her questumingrly, and she spoke again in a low voice. ' I, Otomie, Princess of the Otomie, Monte zuma's daughter, am the fourth and the first.' ' You ! ' I said, sinking back upon my cushions. ' You ! ' 'Yes, I. Listen: I was chosen by the priests as the most lovely in the land, however unworthily. My father, the Emperor, was angry, and said that, whatever befell, I should never be the wife of a captive who must die upon the altar of sacrifice. But the priests answered that this was no time for him to claim exception for his blood, now when the gods were wroth. Was thefirstlady in the land to be withheld from the god? they asked. Then my father sighed, and said that it should be as I willed. And I said with the priests that, now in our sore distress, the proud must humble themselves to the dust, even to the marrying of a captive slave who is named a god and doomed to sacrifice. So I, Princess of the Otomie, have con sented to become your wife, 0 Tezcat, though perchance, had I known all that I read in your eye3 this hour, I should not have consented. It may happen that in this shame I hoped to find love if only for one short hour, and that I pur posed to vary the custom of our people and to complete my marriage by the side of the victim on the altar, a?, if I will, I have the right to do. But I see well that I am not welcome, and, though it is too late to go back upon my word, have no fear. There are others, and I shall not trouble you. I have given my message ; is it your pleasure that I should go ? The solemn ceremony of wedlock will be on the twelfth day from now, 0 Tezcat.' Now I ro3e from my seat and took her hand, saying : ' I thank you, Otomie, for your nobleness of mind. Had it not been for the comfort and friend ship which you and Guatemoc, your cousin, have given me, I think that ere now I should be dead. So you desire to comfort me to the last ; it seems that you even purposed to die with me. How am 1 to interpret this, Otomie P In our land a woman would need to love a man after no common fashion before she consented to share such a bed as awaits me on yonder pyramid. And yet I may scarcely think that you whom kings have sued for can place your heart so low. How am I to read the writing of your words, Princess' of the Otomie ? ' ' Read it with your heart,' she whispered low, and I felt her hand tremble in my own. I looked at her beauty, it was great ; I thought of her devotion, a devotion that did not shrink from the most horrible of deaths, and a wind of feeling which was akin to love swept through my soul. But, even as I looked and thought, I re membered the English garden and the- English maid from whom I parted beneath the beech at Ditchingham, and the words that we had spoken then. Doubtless she still lived and was true to me : while I lived should I not keep true at heart to her P If I must wed these Indian girls, I must wed them, but if once I told Otomie that I loved her, then I broke my troth, and with nothing less would she be satisfied. As yet, though I was deeply moved and the temptation was great, I had not come to this. ' Be seated, Otomie,' I said, ' and listen to me. You see this golden token,' and I drew Lily's po3y ring from my hand, ' and you see the writ ing within it P ' She bent her head, but did not speak ; and I saw that there was fear in her eyes. ' I will read you the words, Otomie ;' and I translated into the Azetec tongue the quaint couplet : Heart to heart, Though far apart. Then at last she spoke. ' What does the writing mean P' Bhe said. ' I can only read in pictures, Teule.' 'It means, Otomie, that iu the far land whence .1 come there is a woman who loves me, and who is my love.' ' Is she your wife then P' ' She is not my wife, Otomie ; but she is vowed to me in marriage.' 'She is vowed to you in marriage/' she answered bitterly,. ' Why, then, we ate equal, for go am I, Teule. But there is this difference between us : you love her, and me you do not love. That is what you would make clear to me. Spare me more words, I understand all. Still, it seems that, if I have lost, she is also in the path of loss. Great seas roll between you and this love of yours, Teule — seas of water and the altar of sacrifice and the nothing ness of death. Now let me go. Your wife I must be, for there is no escape, but I shall not trouble you overmuch, and it will soon be done with. Then you may seek your desire in the houses of the stars, whither you must wander, and it is my prayer that you shall win it. All these months I have been planning to find hope for you, and I thought that I had found it. But it waB built upon a false belief, and it is ended. Had you been able to say from your heart that you loved me, it might have been well for both of us. Should you b3 able to say it before the end, it may Btill be well. But I do not ask you to say it, and beware how you tell me a lie. I leave you, Teule, but before I go I will say that I honour you more in this hour than I have ? honoured you before, because you have dared to speak the truth to me, Montezuma's daughter, when a lie had been so easy and so safe. That woman beyond the seas should be grateful to you; though I bear her no ill will, between me and her there is a struggle to the death. We are strangers to each other, and strangers we shall remain, but she has touched your hand as I touch it now ; you link us together and are our bond of enmity. Farewell, my husband that Is to be. We shall meet no more till that sorry day when a ' slut ' shall be given to a * felon ' in marriage. I use your own words, Teule.' Then, rising, Otomie cast her veil about her face, and passed slowly from the chamber, leaving me much disturbed. It was a bold deed to have re jected the proffered love of this queen among women, and now that I had done eo I was not altogether glad. Would Lily, I wondered, have offered to descend from 6uch state, to cast off the purple of her royal rank, that she might lie at my side on the red stone of sacrifice? Perhaps not, for this fierce fidelity is only to be found in women of another breed. These daughters of the sun love wholly when they love at all, and as they love they hate. They ask no priest to con secrate their vows, nor, if these become hateful, will they be bound by them for duty's sake. Their own desire is their law, but while it. rules them they follow it unflinchingly, and, if need be, they seek its consummation in the gates, of death, or, failing that, forgetfulness. (To be continued.) 