TH1 STOR Y or 1 ANDREW FAIRFAX. 1 BOOBK II. raaraI?Sluo ? rr s8 e wos. CHAPTER VIIL t " FOA FROH Tax MIADDINO CRIOWD."' " Dear lovely bowers of innocence and ease, Seats of my youth,-when every sport could please ! How often have I loitered o'er thy green, Where humble happiness endeared each scene ! How often have I paused on every charm - The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm. The never-failing brook, the busy mill, The decent church that topped the neigh b'ring hill; The hawthorn bush, with seats beneath the shade, For talking age, and whisp' ing lovers Smade." -OLIVIa GOL)sHITII. The next day Andrew found his way to Mr Adolphus Vellum. " I am come to tell you that I shall not be able to write any more tor you," he said. " Why, what's the row now ?" asked ar Vellum. '"There is no row,' replied Andrew. " I have simply come to tell you I must cease to be one of your oontributors." MLr Vellum turned his chair around. "I know what it is," he said. " You thinkyou are underpaid; so you are. I was saying ' myself last night, says I, ' Young Fairfax's ability has not been re cognised. Fourpence a pageis not enough for him. I'll put on another penny." Andrew could scarcely keep from laugh intg. "I believe in paying men," continued Mr Vellum; " and although a penny a page'll make a difference to the profits, I'll do it. 1 want to recognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page'll mean eighteen pence a day to you. nine shillings a week-, or, if you work on Sundays, ten and six pence." \- I assure you that has no weight with me whatever," said Andrew ; " my mind is " " Come, now, I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand; but you've got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what-if you'll stick to me, of course-you may become as popular as even the author of The Battle with ar Ghost. Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll be the making of you, I will, and"-here Mr Vellum became confiden tial-" I'm thinking of starting a new firm of publishers. and you might--i don't say you will, because such athing only happens to the few-but I might make you an editor in time, and then you'll have an oflice of your own, like me," and he swelled with the dignity of his office and the great ness of his office. "No," said Andrew; "my mind is made up. " Then you've been bought up," cried Mr Vellum. "I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tuppeny, or threpeny who can afford it have seen yosr stun, and have bought you over. It's alneau, dirty shame. Where would you have bin, but for me? Who know'd you? Nobody but Pinns. And now when you are gettin' use ful, you throw up the sponge, and coolly walkaway. It'sahardblow. I've a good mind never to bring another man out. It gives no encouragement to an as of letters nike me to Enconrage such tyros as you. Come, now, what do you want ? How much co you want me to give I' " You quite mistake me," said Andrew; "1 am not going to write for another editor, at any rate, for a long time. I'm leaving London."* "Leavin' London !" Mr Vellum gener ally got wrong in his pronunciation when h,.- became excited. -' Leann' London : Why, you must be mad! Just as your career was openin' up. Just wsen I could do something for you. Why, man, in time1 you could make as imuch as three pound ten a week, and be as widely known aS Deadwood D:ck." " eversheless, I am going to leave Lon don." " Where are you going ?" " Into the country." " But not for long ?" " For a year at least" 2ir Vellum Icoked at him steasily, as though he doubted his senses. S' Leave London, when he's got such chances :" he said slowly ; " give up a re putation which he might make almost equal to my o - ; give up the idea of being admitted into the 'Daring Dick tlub' ell, l'ian blowed ! It's enough to make a man forget his grandmother"; and Sir Vellum looked out of the holein the box as though he had at last seen a miracle. Andrew found his way back to the den in which he had lived for several months, bat which he was now about to vacate. He Shad s'id " good-bye" to Mr Pinns, andbe yond-him there was no one who cared what became of him; at least, so he believed. "Bless yer," said the landlady, to whom he said good- bye, "1 shall soon see her back again. A young gent like you can't live in the country. What yon want is a mother, sir, and ithat you'llnever git in the country. Yon'll soon feel the want o' me, sir. When you are tired ov' a night, you'll say, t' I wish Mrs Liggins was 'ere,' that yon wilL And, sir, I shall surely miss you, tuat I shalL" There was no doubt that Mrs Liggins would miss Andrew, in more ways than sne. Indeed, there were many ways in which she interested herself in him. An drew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs Liggine always assunrd him that he used more than half a pound a week. 'Ihen she assured him that he ate five ponds of bacon every week, although he only had two small selbs each morning. Besides this, Mrs Liggins had a remarkable thief Sof a cat. Sometimes Andrew would treat himself to a pork pie, or some such luxury, . ating only a part of it at one meal, how ever, leaving the remainder for another time. But whenever he enquired after it, he 'was asured that the :at had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable article belonging to Mrs Liggins. It was a remarkable cat. Half a chicken was no thing to him; and, what was more wonder tul srill, he was as lean as a cat could be. An ordinary observer would have said that the cat was starved,but Mrs Liggins would t-ke a solemn oath before Mr Fairfax and a whole beach of magistrates that "- shh eat m~ore'n a Sn. Iarnum's dog a terrible teal, and was enough to drag a poor woman io the grave ;" so, of course, An drew coa)u only b.ieve and wonder. He could not help giving irs Liggins a sly hint, however, by wayof a rejoinder, that he hoped Shah wgld not feel his albence as much as Mrs Ligg~s did. By midday he had found his way to the s'taton, and.was soon rushing through beautiful country fields and woods, towards the scene of his birthplace, with a feeling of wonder in his heart What should he do? What were the t6ra steps that he must take ? He wasen Sterisg upon a life of which he absolutely knew nqthing, and he must be carefuL At best, the idea of his taking this step would be called Quixotic by all well-balanced mands. But he did not care for that. strange as the proceeding-was, he knew he -was doing right. It was true he could not Ssletch n ouany plan of action; but he had ,iso doubt he would manage somehow. . He had, on the recommendation of Mr IEKazs, got a rough suit of cl, ths---quite nmlike what farm laboureas umsudly wear, i itis true. but nevertheless suitable for the iLe he sought to lea;l. A part of his old attre he had left in air 'inns's care, whil he had brou;htjust enough toremrind Li, "t the days when the world was different. Morgan Cross, he found, was a little road r?destatiop. It had been called Morgan C~e owing t, thLe f.nct that tcl.he by wove four crossways, while on the hedge near I by was an ancient cross, supposed to he put there in a far-off age, when a convent by the name of Morgan Convent, flourished in that part of the country. 1 Andrew was the only passenger who alighted there, and he could not help being 2 oppressed by the wondrous stillness that reigned. The silence was so great that it c seemed to make a noise, and as after the train had swept out of sight the porter i came to take his ticket, a sort of awe crett r over him, for he felt he was entering, to t him, an unknown world. t • This is Morgan Cross ?" he said to the a porter. The porter nodded his head. t 'There is no inn of any kind here '' e "You main public-ooze ? No." M " Which is the nearest ?" "There's wawn, the Oss and Waggon, c 'bout a mile on. Then there's two in St. Naot." St. Neot you mean "' "Th 's wot I zed." "How far is it ?" "'Bout Tower mile-p'r' aps ha'atf mile mooer." " There's no conveyance here ?" "No. Verrel's van do callwance aweek, goin' ta St. Lerrick, that's oal." " I want to go to St. Neot to-night. How c am I to get my bag there?" "Git'n there ? Why, car un youzelf. Aw! aw! aw!" Andrew found be had been making a -J mistake. If he would get on, he must con form to the customs of the people. "Luk 'ere," said the porter. "'Ere's a I bit o' rope. Ther' now. zee that? Tak' I hould o' that end, an' le?k un ovver yer shoulder, Ther now, you can car n to St. Naot now like wtinkin'. Gor. your'andsbe fine! You neverdone much work, I knaw. You ca'ant miss the way. There's tele graph poasts all the way to St. Naot. Good-night." Andrew's first impulse was to put his t hands in his pocket to find some coppers. but he reflected that such a proceeding would not do. Accordingly he trudged c along the quiet lane carrying his" bag on his back. Only two or three passed him on the way, t and they took but little notice of him. It was not uncommon for young fellows to be seeking advice, most of whom carried their t scanty luggage with them. Before he had gone half-way to StNeot, c night was upon him, but it was by no r means dark. There was a strange :harm in everything, too. The aur was scented by a thousand flowers that grew on the i hedgeside, while ever and anon sounds I greeted his ear that made him think of t fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in I the branches of the trees, and again ai nightetow would tell out its mouamful tale, .J seeming ever to be near him, yet all the .1 time far away. Again the wind would play among the leafy boughs, while the little river rippled its music over its stony t bed. •" Every prospect pleases," thought An drew. " Surely the people who live here c will te ccntented and happy! Still--' He heard a sobbing noise, and then a I sound of voices. " You'll go 'way, Jack, an' never come 'omns no more," he heard a girl's voice say. " No, Jaaney, I wan'r. I onnly want to go s)mewhare, whare I c'n git a pound a wee c. Then we'll git n'arried." . " But Bill l'eague her got married on t less than that. lle've only got ten ehillin'." " I knaw that, but they'm starvin'. Her I zaith to me onnly on Tuesday night;' If I'd, knawed, I wudd'n a got married,' her t zaith. Why, they'm in debt to theJohnny Fortnight now, and what they'll do cum I winter they dean knaw." " But, Jack, I ca'ant bear't." ""'wan't be long, Jaaney. lbher' now, dosn't cry." " But, but---" Andrew felt that he ought not to bear any more, so he gave aslight cough,and 1 passed by the couple, who stood by a gate-~ svay, evidently belonging to some 'farnm house near. The evening was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave an occasional chirp as they nestled on the twigs, tht nightcrow still chattered, the wind still played with leaf and flower, the air wa.i still laden with perftune, and yet all wa; different. The young girl's tears had made everything different.' The old story of sadness and disappointment robbed the night of its beauty. Still he tramped on until ho saw a grey old tower lift its head into the -sky, and presently two or three tiny lights flickered. This will be St. Neot, Lexpect, hesaid; " and here I must manage to stay for the night,." Ilis heart b?atlrather quickly, for every thing was strange. lie had never been in the country alone before; andn now-theb sense of desolation was heavy upon him. Passing by the churchyard gates he caught sight of .a group of youths: lolling about. who, when they siw him, stood and gaped as though he were a curiosity. "Who's that ?" said one. "Danaaw," replied another ; "never zeed 'ee avore. Tall chap, ed'na ?" " I'm goin' to zee wher' a's goin'," said a third, and then all the group started to follow Andrew. Evidently a new face was a wonder to them, especially if he were a little out of the common. Evidently they had nothing to do, and nowhere to go, so they had grouped themselves together in order to find something to interest them. The young man turned around on them. " There's a public-house here, is there not ?" " There's two." " Which is the best ?" " Best! Why, ther's no difference in 'em. Lan'lord Tommus do hkp wawn, and Bill Best th' other. There, tha's the Queen's 'E?nd." Open mouthed they followed him until he entered in, then two or three had the boli' ness to tollow him. Probably the bol. ones had a copper or two, and so could drink; the others, having no money, would not dare to enter. He found his way into the tap-room, and saw the landlord. ' Can I have a bed here to-night ?" he: said. the landlord looked at him as if unable to make him out. The rough clothes which! Andrew wore did not at all dccord with his fine face and general appearance. " Who be you ?" he said. "I am come here to look for work," re plied Andrew, coloring, "and I want to stay here for the night" " Hntyouba'antno farmservant,be 'ee ?" " No, but I want to be now." The landlonrd eyed him from head to foot, as though in great doubt ' Presently his face cleared, and his eyes brightened. SAh, you've been a sodger 1 spect, and yetr time's up." Andreaw did not speak, but the landlord took his silence for assent. "Thot so," continued the landlord, knmowingly, as though he were proud of his penetration. ' I cud see you wad'n a farmlabbut. Wheredcd'e cum from now,.' " London." ""Wha's yer name, en ?" " Andrew Fairfax." lte thought it best to give his true name, because thereby be would be able to claimn a certain friendliness with the peorlc; les pecially if people remembered his father; "Andrew Fairfax I Be you from'thi way, then if' '" My father was." I " Ah!" "He used to farm Trvcradlclk F'arm SDid you know him P" S"Knaw'd un, I shud think I ded. But i you'll want to go somewhere, wont 'ce ? 1 'ardly knaw where to put 'ec. In with the r farmers, in the palor. or with the men in athe ketchen. You see, yr father was a farmer, and you bhin't hki. 'j.h rest oi r the-" S " I'll go ir tlhe Litch.n if yo!! ', n't Smind," said Andrew. " You wee, I'll h.v Sto work among them." 3lMeanwhile, the news that a "soiscer " i- was come to stay the night had spread Samong those in the kitchen. The servant ho had con, w t,, feoth beer had hoeard the landlord's question, and ba a consequence they were on the tip-too of expectation. A place was made for him on the settle when he entered, and he was greeted with becoming reverence. In a purely agricultural district like St. Neot, where there is little or no intercourse with the great towns, a soldier is a great curiosity. On all physical feats he is an oracle, while for knowledge of the world he is better than a newspaper. A soldier can manufacture the most unlikely yarns, but tie rustics will listen open-mouthed, and the more wonderful the stories, the better are they pleased. A policeman occupies a very high position in their esteem, and they eye his cudgel with wondrous rever ence; but asoldier, a man who has handled a sword,he is several stages higher than a policeman, especially if he understands the dignity of his position. " Whot'll 'ee 'ave to drink ?" asked one, as Andrew took his seat. "A bottle of ginger-beer, thank you." "Be'ant teetoateller, be 'ee?" "For the present, yes." "Oa, I thot you sodgers was beggars to drink. Where was 'ee last, now?" " London." "Tha's a long way ?" " Yes, it's a good way, but I wanted to come here t, get work, because my father used to have a farm not far from here." 'Yes; the farm was called Trora'llock. My father's name was Andrew Fairfax." "I knawd un," said an old labourer. " He farmed Trevadlock well, he ded.. But he died early, poor chap. An' vou'm the little boy 'ee left ?" " Yes." "Bunt people zed how that Squire Bernard t ded take Andrew's cheeld, and 'dopted un." " He did put me to schooL" "Oa, I thot so much. And ?then when you get big enough youlwent for a sdoder ?" Andrew did not reply, but asked a ques tion instead. " Who farms Trevasllock Farm now ?' d " Sim Cundy; but teas purty farmin' oa it." a "How far is it from here -" " Oa, two mile' and haalf, I spoase. Teas the nearest farm to Ashwater." " What's Ashwater?'' "Ashwater! Why, that's the name of the mansion, ye knaw. Tha's where Mr tternard used to come sometimes. He t oaned the estate when yer pore faather was linin'. " Ah; and has he sold it?" "What, ded'na tell 'ee ? Why, he sould it to a ter'hle rich ould chap as cumed from India, or some sich place. This man bo't t the mansion, an o41 the land, and oal the 1 farms in wi' it. And dreckly after he bo't t it he died, and left it oal to a little maid. t Tha's sev l year agone now, and do you know she've never bin seen down 'ere." " Indeed ! Who lives at the mansion ?" "Nobody,'cept the steward, an' ther's two or three sarvants to kip it clain." t " And who manages the estate ?" S"Oa, th' oull Beans, the steward, do everything. An' he's a skin-flint, I tell t 'ce. Allays risin' the rent he es, while es for repears, nobody can't git noan !" " And what's this young lady's name ?" b "' Aw, she's called Miss lfezsnt, she es." t " You've never seen her, you say ?" 1 " No; nobody ain't a eed her." All this time the half-dozen youths and B mensitting around listened open-mouthed to the conversation. Only one spoke, and l with a look of reverence towards the old labourer who had be"n talking with An drew, sid that " Th'oull Tommy wud be t match fur n if he war a sodger." Not long after Andrew wont to bed. He t remembered that he had. made up his mind to be up betimes in the morning, when he must try and get work, if possible, at Trevadlock, the old farm where his t father worked and where his own baby hood had been passed. lie did not think then of the future that lay before him; he did not dream that country life would be such a revelation. Happily a knowledge of the fut're is kept from its all. CEAPTEI IX. " WIHiRE ALL WAS QUIET." "' The sun was gon now ; the curled moon Was like a little feather. Fluttering far down the igulf ; and now She spoke through the still weather, ler voice was like'the voice the stars lad whix they sang together" -DanTiE GABRIEL L RoEsI'rl. The next morning Andrew went out to find "rrevadlock Farm. He.did not have very sentimental-feelings towards -it; but he was, nevertheless,interestedinsedingthe l home of his childhood. Here his father had lived and worked. and although he had never s&en; him, he could not help being attracted towards the home he had never seen. le had but little dillicalty in I finding It. Trevadlock Farm was wlli known, and the house did not lie far f-nm the main road. It was a beautiful morning. The sky was clear, save for a few light, fleecy clouds, which only added to its beauty, while all beneath looked like a Paradise Th hay crop had been gathered in, while the cornfields were fast ripening. Every where was there a sign of harves', The country was remarkably pretty. All around were homesteads nestling among the trees, while here and there were cot tages -which looked comfortable and attractive, lint one house more than any other caught his attention. No doubt it was Ashwater, the mansion which the old labourer had mentioned the night before. A large, rambling house it was, with a fine park surrounding it, while in the near distance ran a river clear as crystaL On one aide of the river w's a wood, which sloped up to Fome tableland, while on the oth-r was a grassy bank where one culd walk for a mile withoutdifliculty. I n Irew wa. enchanted by what he saw, and as be w~atched the gurgling stream and the flitting shadows which the old trees made as the wind played with leaves, he felt that here there could be nothing but glad ness. And then as he remembered the conversation between the lovers the night before, he wondered. Presently he saw a stile in the hedge, and a footpath through a field which led to a farm. He was hesitating whether this might not lead to Trevadlock, when he heard a rumbling noise, and, turning, he saw a lad with a horse and cart. Both horse and lad were nearly asleep. The day was warm, and evidently work was not aufliciently pressing to make them hurry. The lad eyes Andrew curiously. " Be you the sodger ?" he said. Andrew nodded. "Is yonder house Tre vadlock farmhouse?" he rejoined. The lad gave a sign of assent. "Does this footpath lead there ?" The lad gave another nod'of his head, and said, " i've heerd 'bout 'ee." "Oh, indeed! when ??" "Jest now. Tommy Dain was np to 'Vadlock, and told Simr (.tndy 'bout 'ee.L You c'n have a job. I heerd 'ia say so. I live ther', too. You e'n slaip wi' me, you like." Evidently the lad was ready for a chat but Andrew did not feel disposed. He thanked him, and then walked towards the farmhouse, now and then lo king at the river, which glistened brightly in the sunu light. This would be the river in which his father had saved'- Mr Blernard from drowning. Trevadlock farmhouse and cattle build ings looked wonderfully quietand peaceful as he entered the yard In the mn.a'low near lay the cows, pe:acefully chewing their cud; in the yard itself were a dozen pigs. half buired in straw, fast aalelp, while the poultry lazily picked grains from among the manure heaps. " Whol be you ?'" A gruffll voie asked this ,It eation. .lilrl w tu;rn ., as;,l -;aw a 'ear .fenti,,ri l Illtlla , aB it forty-tiv,, or lift)'y, lie lad the air ',f a traster. Evidently this was the farmer, Sit Cundy. " le you Andrew Fairfax'e loy'" lhe I continuedl. "Yes,"~bl " Tommy Dain tould about'no. I donn't iousee you'm wuth much, but you can 'ave a job through the 'arvest. Can 'ce maw ?" " No." " lind. make moughs, pitch, build a load, or a rick ?" "I've never tried, but I can quickly learn, I dareayy." " Well, you look big enough and strong enough. But yer fingers be awful fine. You must expect lots ov bladders." Andrew had only a vague ilea as to what this meant, but hoe nodded cheerfully. " What wages do 'ee want ?" Andrew didn't knew. "The last man I had-he lived in the house-had twelve pounds a year." " Yes," said Andrew, "twelve pounds." " lie had oal his mait, ye knaw, and he slaiped in tha house." " But supposing I did the same work, and got lodgings; what would you give me then ?" "Ten shellen' a week for the first six months, if you was worth it. In 'arrest I would give that and yer malt, ef you was wuth anything." Andrew was not anxious about wages; he had a few pounds in money, and would be able to manage. He was anxious to work on Trevadlock 'Farm, however; he was anxious to sleep in the room in which his father had slept. " I'll not quarrel about my wages until I've been a' week" he said at: length' "you'll see then whether. 1 pick- up the work or no. When shall I begin ?" "You may as well begin after dinner." SP've left my bag overat 'St. Ndot. " I may, as well go over and fetch it." t S"Oa1 right; -then you c'n be back jistin time for dinner." Hie was net long in getting to St Neot, and throwing his bag over his shoulder, he found his way back to Trevadlock again. The sun was now high in theoheavens, but a breeze had sprung up, and so the walk was pleasant. The clear river was open to his view, while the park which stretched 1 down towards it did not in any way hide the great house which the villagers called Ashwater. "And so Mr Bernard used to live there," he murmured, " while any father lived up at the farm. It is strange that I should come back to these scenes under such peculiar circumstances. What's that ?" Ilis eyes were directed to the main en trance of the house, and he saw two female figures. He sat on the stile and watched them. They came out of the house, and walked across the park towards the river. 1 As they came nearer, he saw that they were young, and from their attire he knew they were not servants, Toey seemed to be chatting gaily, and the gentle breeze that was blowing carried' the sound of 1 their merry laughter to the place a ho c he was. " Who are they, I wonder ?" he said, '' Very likely the steward's daughters, as, according to the village talk, the lady of the manor has never put in an appearance." It did not matter to him, and yet he felt interested. Somehow fl seemed as though there was a link which held him to the place which his foster father once owned. He reached the farm, and entered at the back door. He noticed that the house had been lately enlarged, and that the new wing was evidently far more conveniently built than the old. The farmer met him at the door. "Denner's just on 'the table," he said briefly; " there, laivo yer bag' here,- and come on." Andrew entered the kitchen.. It was in the old part of the house-a long, low ceiled room In it was a long deal table, the top of which was reversible. On one side it was painted, on the other the white deal was left untouched. When used, the unpainted past was exposed; at other times the other side was seen. The paint occu pied the place of a table- cloth. It was placed near the aide of the kitchen, where, close by the wall, a long wooden bench was fixed. Opposite the window this bench was very much wider, and was made into a kind of sofa. On the other side a long form hal been introduced to save the trouble of moving chairs. On the one end of the table a cloth had been laid, and here sat the farmer,' his wife, his sons, and three daughters. The other end had no cloth, and here-the ser vants sat. There were" four-two girls, fat-faced, and two youths, one ofiwhom Andrew had "seen um the morning. - "Andrew-felt awkward for a minute, and looked as if for an'. introduction ; but none took place. He took his seat, however, while three daughters, all grown to young women, looked at him with great interest. Evidently he was not like the other sea vants, and they stared to their hearts' content. A basin was placed before each of them, in which thick pieces of bread had be?n placed. These the servants took, and, carrying them to a great open fireplace, filled them from a great steaming recep tacle, called a "lcrock," with what he found to be pork broth. Andrew did not enjoy it much. ` To him it was altogether distasteful; but the whole family ate heartily, the young ladies especially making a great deal of noise as they put the spoons to their mouths and swallowed the warm liquid. After the broth, a greas piece of fat bacon was lifted on to the table, with potatoes cabbage, and dumplings. Andrew fared but little better tlhanm he had done with the broth. Boiled fat bacon was not to his taste; but still he ate it with the best grace he could. The two youths who sat near him, however, ate voraciously, especi ally of the cabbace and potatoes, with which they were plentifully supplied. Whether Anorew's presence was pre ventive of conversation, I know not; at any rate, nodhing was said for a good while At length the farmer burst out " Ia settin' where your father used to set, An-Andrew." Evidently something in the young man's presence hindered him fromn being familiar aith his name. Andrew lookedintrested. "And where did many father and mother sleep ?" he asked, "that is, which room f" "Theone rightovver h a. Ya see the house hay' been builded to, and afore that time this room here," p.inting to one over the end of the kitchen a here he sat, "wur the farmer's slaipin' room, Ted'n used now. 'cept for a apple chamber." Andrew's eyes hightened. " Would it be possible for me to sleep there ?" he said." "I should be glad if it were. The remembrance of my father's life has a strong hold on me, though I do not remember him." " I spoase you cud." said the farmer, musing. "What do 'ee think ?" turning to his wife and daughters. Evidently Androwi's handsome ampeir ance had made a great efft et on these young ladies. " Oh, very easy," they replied. Some hew it seemed right that this you ag man who stood so straight, moved hi, limbs so freely, and spoke so gracefully, should hlave a room to himself, and they almost felt like sauying"sir" to him. Still he was a servant and that meant a very great deal. "You'll goha'ing turmuws this after noon," said the farmer at length. "Bill Olver will go with '-e." Andrew walked out of the kitchen with out a word, and Hill, delighted that he would have Andue 's cOmpany, led the way to the field. ill was a youth about eighteen years of age, and as clumsily and loosely built, like most of the youths shn have followed purely agricultural pursuite. They were just lcaying the yard gat, when Andrew, like Lot's wife, turned and looked back, and saw that the trio of young ladies were watching curiously. Andrew sail nothing?, but walked along wi'h Bill. ' Do y,,u always have your tood v ith the family ?" h s~aid to that intelligent worlthy. "'Cipt wh:n ther'. comp'ny," replied Bill; "then e g into the back kitchen.' " And is your r ras'er kindl to you ?" " I(mravih ; so I-.' the maid. us and misses. The chaps I,' uppiahs I 'spect they'll want to cut ovver you." On reaching the top or the hill. Aildrew saw a tract of common lnud. perhaps a hundred acres or more. ' Who does that belong to?" "Dunnaw; 'spects to the laady; she do own everything round here." " Is it used at all ?" "Eaz ; we do send the young bullocks there sometimes, and th'oull hosses." Andrew thought of the thousands of men who tramp the streets of London with nothing to do, and wondered. The land was of the same kind as that of the culti vated farms, and as capable of crops. Evidently Bill was not capable of con versing on the subject, however, and so the two, walked on quietly, Bill burning to ask Andrew questions, but scarcely daring. They passed by a cottage. It looked com- i fortable in the sunshine, but Andrew thought of how it would be ig the cold t winter. He formednoopinion as yet, how-I ever. He had come into the country to I see, to learn, and he most keep his eyes ( open. t They entered the field together, and Andrew took hold of the hoe, which Bill " showed him, and then commenced hoeing turnips. The crop was poor, the plants e bad a starved look, as though they wanted t manure. Andrew noticed, too, that large patches of land by the hedge side and in t the corners of the fields were uncultivated. d Bill looked at the young man curiously, as if wondering how he would get on. But hoeing turnips does not require much skill, and Bill soon found that his com panion managed to hoe his row with far t more ease than he could. He could not t understand the deftness of hand with whicht this stranger did his work. The afternoon wore away-very slowly. Bill could tell of but little that Andrew r was interested in; besides, the young man t determined to find out the truth of things f by actual contact.- Thus they were mostly f silent. Hour after hour dragged slowly by, a and still the same work. Certainly it was not very interesting. Presently they heard a distant whistle. "Ther', tha's five o'clock," said Bill; t "we sh'll laive off in another 'our." They had started at one. Just before six the farmer came into the field, and eyed the work which had been done. "You've bin kippin' Bill to work," he said to Andrew. " Why, have we done well ?" "Fust rate. You can haw turmuts, 't any rate. There, when you've hawed three or four more raws, 't'll be time to go home to supper." It only wanted a minute to six, but An drew did not speak. They worked on for half an hour more, and then went back to the farm. There was a pump outside the back kitchen door. Under its spout was a huge stone trough. Into this. trough they pumgel some water, and the-wwashed. A comb of very ancient appearance was placed on the back kitchen m mtelpiece. This was used by the servants, men and maidens who, taking it in turn, went out side, and looking in at the window, saw a faint reflection of themselves. This was their looking-glass, and here they dressed their hair Andrew did not use the uni versal comb He fumbled in his bag, and found one instead. For supper they had a dish" of milk and bread, after which they used the fat bacon which had been left from dinner as butter; this they scraped over some bread, and ate heartily. This fare, although possibly distasteful to a townsman, is no: so to a countryman. It is wholesome, and they like it, Even An drew did not object to it. Supper was over, and now their time was their own. It was just seven o'clock. ' What do you do during the evenings ?" Andrew asked of Bill, who stood with him in the yard. " Oa. nothin'," replied Bill. "There's nothin' to do." "How do you pass your time ?" " Os," said Bill, "' I got a maid over to Tildew. I go there Saturday nights: Ther's two sarvents there, an' .the other ain't got a shiner. Will 'ee go ovver weth me ?" Andrew shook his head. " Then we'd chaff our two sarvent maids in the ev'nins'. Come on. They'm out 'ere milkin'. Will 'ee go ?" Again Andrew shook his head. lie thought he heard a noise at the window, and turning his head, he saw the three Misses Candy. "'What sart of young ladies are the Misses Candy?" he asked, in a low voice. " Ona, they'm all right; but they'm too high for me " then Bill began to talk about his love affairs. It was the only thing he had in life to interest him, he said Presently Zacky, the other lad. came up. He was a little younger than Bill, but he had also been initiated into Ihe arts of courtship. Andrew soon found out that the lives of the youths were a little above those of the beasts they attended. In some respects. indeed. they were lower. Their thoughts were of a low nature, and would he have allowed it, their language would soon. be come obscene. He led them away from their love affairs 't length, but they could talk of but very little. He tried to lead them to think of physical feats. Yes, rill becamo somewhat enthusiastic over that; ha could thrJw a seven-score pounds hag of wheat over his chest, he said; but still Andrew saw that he did not know how to use the limbs God had given him. " Do you ever read ?" he asked at length. "Have you any books ?" I've gone through Fore's Book of Martyrs" said Bill - 1 got it for a reward when I went to the Brianite Sunday school" '"Nothing else ?" "I've reed the spellin' books I used to 'ave when I went to school, but I've forgot em. I don't reed now." "'And what shall you do now for the rest of the evening ?" • I dunnaw. Think I'll et the rabbut gin, and then go to bed." " And what time do you go to bed ?" "'Bout nine a'clcck." Andrew paw that the young Cundys were coming. Evidently they wanted to talk with him but he was not inclined, so he went away alone. The sun was now sinking'low in the sky, and it made everything reflect its bright ness. Certainly everything was beautiful, and yet it was terribly lonely. Slowly Andrew wended his way towards the Great House. He reached the table land which was skirted by the wood, and then, finding a parl, went down the steep hill towards the river. For a time the loveliness of the evening made him forget that he was a servant in the old farm whach his father used to farm; for the time he was in a kind of Arcadia. Presently he came to the riverside, and sitting among some ferns which grew closeto the rippling waters, he began to dream. He had not sat lone when hI, hoard a snund of laugh ter-lh w, rippling laughter it was. as sweet as the music of the water that flowed athis feet lie looked up and saw two young girls. Their fares he could not discern plainly because of the bushes tha:t grew around him, and also because of the branches of the great spreading oak which grew on the other side of the river. " Have you read it ?" he heard one sry. " Yes, utt it is very foolish," was the reply. " It's a shame that printers' time should be sn wasted. You should justread his attempts at the meledramatie." They passed on. strolling slowly down the river lank, tal then, because of an open space in the foliage, he saw the side of their faces. liis heart gave a bound why, he did not know. And yet something senmod familiar abo;tut them. He could not remember a single feature, his view wa·s so imperft?t; and yrt sun,.hor it bruught back old d yo, oldt a~s,).iations. " I wonder if I shall see them again," he th',ghti ; then he chekod himself. '"I mnust rmember what I am," he said, with jbi -. 'CHAPTER 1. " So a small seed that in tie earth lies hid, And dies, reviving bursts her cloddy side, Adorned with yellow locks, of new is born, And doth become a mother great with corn, Of grain brings hundreds with it, which, when old, Ienrich the furrows with a sea of gold." SIn WrILLIA Dtux?owoND. t IT?mnt qf Resu rection. B Andrew slowly returned to Trevadlock I Farm, and went to bed. He was rather tired, and so did not feel it a great hard ship to retire. lie found that the Misses Cundy had treated him to a strip of thin carpet and had placed a comfortable bed in his father's old room. This led him to the conclusion that there was a desire to to treat him far bettei than the others. lie did not wish this. His idea in living among the poor agricultural labourers was to know their exact conditions of life, and to feel as they felt. He wanted to be one with them, to share their burdens, and to really understand their wants. The following morning he was nup at six o'clock. and went out into the fields to hoe turnips with Bill Olver. He felt rather sore, out he soon worked it off, and although t the occupation was purely mechanical, he r dug away with good will. At twelve they went to dinner, and were allowed an hour. The dinner was similar to that of the day i before. At one they were in the field again, and worked on until six; after that the time was nearly, their own. And all the days were like this. There was nothing to stir their sluggish pul'es, nothing to interest them. During the day it was e work; in the evenings the youths of-the neighbourhood lolled around with nothing to interest them, nothing to do. except a few who went to see their lady-loves.whose a feelings and enjoyments were nearly the c same as their own. Andrew had arrived at St. Neot on Tuesday night, and had started to work on t the Wednesday; by the following Saturday e he had got a glimpse of the farm labourer's, indeed, of country life generally, as far as it could be known at that time of the 1 year. He found that Sunday was gladly thought of. They had hbut little change, and Sun- 1 day promised it. There was rest, and there was an opportunity of getting out of ;fe's beaten track. lie asked Bill what they did on Sundays. " Oa, we lop about'till denner time, then we go to St. Neot," replied BilL " And what goes on at St. Neot ?" " Oa, ther's chapel, and ther's church." " And where do you go ?"' "Meoasly to chapeL There's a new praicher there every Sunday, ya knaw, while to church the same passon do preach allays." ," What is the name of the clergyman ?" "' Passon Childs. He ed'n much of a praicher. He do read it oel, ant then he ca'an't holla a bit; the praichers at the chapel praich wi'out a book, and they do hollal After chapel, we git a maid and go home wi' her. We have to git in by nine o'clock, 'eipt at special times." "And is that all ?" "Tha's oal." It was not an attractive programme to Andrew, and yet there wa' still a novelty about the country life. Lesides, the weath-r was beasitifully fine. The country was dressed in "living green," and so to the I nature-loving young man there was much to enjoy. Still, he could not help a feeling of utter loneliness; he could not help feeling that the life was stagnant. " We sh'll start harvestin' to-morra, Andre," said Mr Cundy to him on the Sunday morning after breakfast; "an' I've get a zye"----scy:he-'set up for 'cc." "'Thank you," replied Andrew, '" l'll do my best." At the same time he wondered what hi; experiences would be. He walked among the fi:lds for an hour. I and then. hearing the church balls at St. Neot, he determined to make his way thither Accordinley, he returned to th= Louse, and put on a suit of clothe- such as he had worn when living in the West End of Londod. As he left the house he passed by the Misecs Cundy, who, with their brothers, were also bound for church. He lifted his hat to them, which act caused a titter. A farm servant lifting his hat was cer:ainly out of the common. " I do' an't hleeve he ' what he do make out he ie," said one of the young Cunds s. enviously. " I bleeve he've cldone summin the way." " But his cloas es party," said another, " an] he do car' hisself stylish" W "ell, anybody can car' hiseclf stylish. if he'll be a sodjer." responded the third, "and anybody can be a .sdjer." The young ladies said nothing, but they looked longingly towards hims, as though they would willingly forgive anything and everything if he would only pay them at tention. By the time Andrew reached the church the bells had ceased to ring, and the service had commenced. It was an old church, and the ?eats were high- backed and worm-eaten. One part of it was entirely disused. About forty people had congreated. which number was after wards angmented by about twent3 more. Almost every one turntd their head to see Andrew as hecame in. Hie was a stranger, and strangers were uncommon, especially such strangers as he. Admiring glances were cast upon his stalwart form and hanS some fcs from every osrt of the church, and the old clergyman wondered who he could be. The servie was what is called "low." There was but little chanting, and every thing was conducted on the most barren principle. A crazy box of whistlns, culled an organ, was operated on by the vicar's wife. while half a dozen children formed thi choir. As the service proceeded, Andrew looked around on th- people's faces, and saw how phlegmatic and unresponsive they ap peared. There was no expectancy, no eager ness, neither, on the other hand, dit there appear any anxiety, any doutt. The reading from the Book of Numbers was as impressive as that from the Gospel according to St. John, as far as he could ace. Just before the sermon an amount of interest was shown, for the clergyman announced the banns of marriage betwe-n William Flater and E iza beth Ann Crowle, both of that parish, and then after a few giggles and whispers which followed., they again settled down to a state of apathy. The clergyman soon after this commence1 his sermon. He was undoubt edly an ednucated ,an. Perchance when at Oxford or Cambridge long years before, he had been an eager, keen debater, and it a as said by the older inhabitants, that when he came first to St. Neot he had shown a desire for doing strange things, That, however, had all gone now, The apathy of his parishioners had crushed his enthusiasm, while their lack of appreciation had hindered him from giving much timeto the preparation of his sermans. Religion to the people was a settled thing, which they in a mechanical way were suppo*ed to accept. And while going to church was not interest ing, it gave them a'change. and gave them a chance of seting their neighbors. They re pcd;itel the ids of being heathens, and so, of course went either to churich or chapel. Modern criticism they never heard of, and doubts never troubled them. They hoped to get to heaves some day; and, altnough many were o tstantly putting off the day of repentance, they hoped to have time to cry for mercy tefo-e they died, so as to get, as they termed it, "the right side of the gate." (To be contintel). A Tight Fit.-A drunken man. iaid the Lecturer: The ro:sls up these mountains are too steep and rocky for even a donkey to climb; therefore I did not attempt the ascent. " A friend in need is a frierd ird ed," but a friend who is not in need is toe most doesira le acq'aintance. A "llandl-" I:ecital.-P'sying the barre organ. " I bare naticced," said the observant man. "that the w.sman with a mole on her neck is ruSally dres?c?i up to the murk.' 'Thl? ambitinus yplnng nt-n who wants lln oltnr'-g has only to b at: where the ice is thu R 