NORTHCOOE. POLICE-MONDAY. (Before Messrs. Bastings, Knox, Candy, and McIntosh J's.P.) WANDE.RINEI CATTLE. Win. Payne, F. Atkinson, 'eo. McGinty, Jos Ballinger, Walter Breadmore, Mylrea Webster, H. Anderson, Winm. O'Dwyer. S. Gribble, E. Mendesdorfer, Mrs. Moss, Jas. Schrnor and an unknown owner were fined in :small amounts for allowing cattle to wander. ASSAULTING A BAILIFF. W. Schwartz, a German of about 30, was charged with unlawfully assaulting a bailiff. Mr. Mills prosecuted. John Mead, a bailiff, said on December 22nd he went to a house in Elm-street occupied by a man named Butcher. A man named McCtffrey was with him. Saw defendant and told him that they had come to take possession of certain furniture, in default of payment under a Bill of Sale. Had the document (produced) with him. Defendant said "they had no business there ; the house was Butcher's and none of Schwartz's furniture was there. Told him if he could satisfy them in that respect. they would be satisfied. He said " clear out you have no business here. Defendant then took a piece of moulding about an inch thick and two inches wide and struck at witness. He warded off the blow with his arm and got hold of prisoner. A female then struck witness with a hammer and he had to partially let go his hold, Schwartz, then struck him a most violent blow over the head, causing a very severe wound. Defendant also 'struck witness other blows. At that time he was bleeding considerably. M. McCaffrey said the bill of sale referred to goods in Schwartz house in Elm-street on December22. Saw defendant and two women. Complainant was with him. Told defendant what he had come for. Defendant said his name was Butcher. not Schwartz. One of the women came towards him in a threatening manner with a shingling hammer. Saw defendant strike Mead with a piece of wood. They took a policeman with them to see that there would be no breach of the peace. Constable Peters said lie went to Elm street, Northcote, on December 22nd. The two previous witnesses were with him. The two men went to a house and he waited in the street. Afterwards saw Mead run out of the house chased by Schwartz. Schwartz had a stick in his hand and Mead's head was bleedicg. Went to arrest Schwartz. Schwartz ran into the house and refused to give himself up. The men were sober, but looked a bit determined. Schwartz afterwards offered to open the door for witness but not for the other men. Schwartz had blood on his face. Did not think that his nose was bleeding. Constable Warren deposed to arresting Schwartz. Defendant did not deny the assault, but said he would do it again under the same circumstances. Joseph Waxman said he was the person referred to in the Bill of Sale. He author ized the seizure and instructed a M?r. Cevanagh to send two men out to Elm street to make the seizure. The defence was that the defendant had met violence with violence. There was a Bill of Sale held by Waxman, but on the previous day Mr. Waxman with five men had none to the place to make violent seizure but they were repulsed by two weak women. On the following day Mead and McCaffrey went to the house deter mined to make a seizure, with violence, if necessary. Charles Butcher, a joiner, said on December 21, there was a row at his place about some furniture. He rented the house in Elhn-street since October 10. Schwartz and his wife had been living with him. On Decenmber 2 left Mr. Schwartz in charge of the house. Their wives (two sisters) were also there. He came home at "2 o'clock and was arrested on warrant. They found he was the wrong man. Schwartz had a few articles of furniture. They were not there on the day of the assault. Charles Schwartz. a joiner, said he was in Butcher's house on December 22. Mead and the other man came to the house entered it and struck him. In defence he struck Mead with a piece of wood. McCaffrey was struggling with both women who were sickly. The men stunk of drink. Offered to open the door for the policeman. Took a few things from Johnston-street to Butcher's. Other evidence was given when defendant was fined £5 with costs in default one month's imprisonment. EMuBEZzLEMI?NT. Frederick Mitchell. a young man, was charged with embezzling a few small sinus of money belonging to Wm. Ogilvie. Bound over to be of good behaviour for 12 months in default one month's imprisonment. HORSE STEALING. Thomas Hanlon, a boy was charged with illegally using a horse. Fined 10s with £3 3as costs. The money was paid. "Haven't you got any more figures in marble." asked old Mrs. Bentley of the attendant of the Museum of Art. " No, mum; tlhese are all Is there any one you;are lookingfor " "Yes; 1 want to see the statue of limita tionsu I've heard John talk so much about." The other day, as two friends were talking together in the street, a donkey began to bray and' wheeze and cough in a distressing " What a cold that donkey has!" said one of the men. "And, by the way, that puts me in uind-?how is your cough !" A searcher after truth wants to know 't why it is, with so many negroes .dying, nobody ever saw a black ghost." 