THEOSOPHY. A sermon preached by the Ber. Alfred Rowland, LL B., in Park Chapel, Crouch End, London. " For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders, that if it were possible they shall deceive the very eleL-t."—Matthew xxiv, 24-26. Our Lord very seldom drew aside the veil which bid future events from His disciples. From the flr^t He intended that they should walk humbly by faitb ia Him, and not with the self- confidence of men who knew what was coming on the earth. But every now and then He gave tuem clear indications that the conflict between truth and error would be long coi.tinutd, and that its periods of intensity would be recurrent. And tbU would continue nn.il His secund advent, when Antichiltt would combine bis furces, threatening tbe destruction of the Church; but in that hour of daiknesa the Lord would Himself appear, and destroy the wicked one by the brightness of Hio coming. John and Paul teach this distinctly ana emphaticilJy, and they were Inspired, we believe, by the Spirit which leads into all truth. It becomes die followers of Jesus Jhrist, therefore, who are Lhus forewarned, to be vigilant, and to stand on guard while the adversaries of His truth assail it, whether by open attack or by treachery. General warnings like this in my text are to be repeated from time to time as special calls, and in every age, with its changing conditions, we are to heed our Captain's words, * What I say unto you 1 say unto all—watch!" Temptations to the sins of the flesh are much the same in all countries and in all tuueB; but the higher nature of man, being more comp'ex than his body, lies open, therefore, to temptations fat more variable, and these demand greater wariness. This is the more needful because we are taught that in such conflicts we wrestle, not against fle:>h and blood, but against priucioalities and powers and the riders of the darkness of the world. In other words errors and sins are nou due to men alone, but to evil spirits, unseen but real, disbelieved in by materialistic philosophy, but becoming more manifest in these latter days—not least in the resurrection of aucient Paganism in the form of modern theosophy. There are those who urge that such he.esies should be left sererely alone, that allusions to theci should not be made in geneial and mixed congregations, that the simple Gospel should be preached in the belief that its supremacy is, and must be, beyond challenge—and itereis no dou>>t that the staple of all religious teaching should be positive tnuh. We admit that there is danger of knowing just a little of some falce system, yet not enough to see its peril or to refute its assertions. But in these dav-B of general reading, and of willingness to welcome anything new because it is new, a Christian teacher is recreant to his trust, and falls to imitate the apoptles whom Jesus Himself qualified and inspired, if be shuts his eyes anu bis ears to influences which are affecting young minds, especially through reading or lectures. No wise Christian will hide his head, ostrich-like, in the sand of ignorance. No true orophet will raise the crv, "Peace, peace, when there is no peace" and between Christianity and theosophy there can be none. WHAT IS THEOSOPHY? It is not easy to put before this audience, in brief and j-imple form, the tenets of Theosophists, for they are couched in unfamiliar terms, and are in themselves abstruse. Theosophy professes to be a philosophy of lifeond a religious faith. The Greek word Theosophy" signifies "the wisdom of tbe gods," and among tbe people who used that language the icods repieseatea and personified the powers of nature. We may, therefore, take Theosophy to mean' " the wisdom of tbe secret powers of Nature." Xt professes to explain the origin of things, the nature of man, and tae means by which he may attain powers so gTeat that the tempter's promise will be tulfilled, " Ye shall be as gods." Its avowed objects are to form the nueleus of a unive- sal brotherhood, to study the Aryan literature and religion, and to destroy Christianity. This last assertion will no duubt startle those who think that it may be beld in conjunction with the Christian faith, and who derive their knowledge lrom lecturers of singular ability and unquestionable courtesy. It in, there! ore, needful to quote a few lines from one of the standard works of theosophy, "Isis Unveiled." Speaking of the objects of the Society tbe writer says—'' Later it has been determined to spread among the 'poor benighted' heathen sich evidences as to the practical results ot Christianity as will, at leitst, give both sides of tbe story to the communities among which missionaries are at work. With this view it has established relations with Associations and individuals throughout the But, to whom it lurnishes authenticated reports of the ecclesiastical crimes and misdemeanours, s. hisms and heresies, controversies and litiKattons, doctrinal differences, and Biblical criticisms and revisions, with which the Press of Christian Earope ana America constantly teem. . . . It may also in time have much to say about the conduct of the missionaries to those who contribute to their support." That is an unmistakable throwing down of the g&uuttet; to the Christian Church, and admits of no other interpretation than this— tfcat the members of the Theosophical Society intend to ransack ecclesiastical history and to study modern social life in nominally Christian lands in order to discover the failings and sins of men who have not lived up to the standard their Master set before them, and this they will promulgate that they may raise prejudice among tbe heathen against the Christian religion, which most earnestly seeks to put these evils down in the Church as well as outside it. The sentence I read ia itself warrants me in saying to you who think that Theosophy and Christianity may find agreement in your minds, "They are mutally and avowedly hostile; it you area Theosopnist yon have no right to call yourself a Christian." "What concord hath light with darkness, and what communion hath Christ with Belial?" No doubt some of the elements mingled in this strange compound may be held or rejected without affecting religious faith. But these an not its essentials. Thought transference, telepa r hy, and the like may be bettered ia or rejected by any man, quite irrespective of bis religion. Hence Hie practical test of the value o- the system which was proffered to some of us uot long since, that if we gave ourselves up to its investigation in concert with another we might, at the end of twelve months, be able to know the control mutually of each other's thoughts, though at a distance from each other, is no proof whatever of the truth or the falsity of Theosophy as a philosophical and religious system. It isagood many y earsagosioceShokspe ire reminded men that there are more mysteries in heaven and earth than our philosophy e'er dreamed of. And the rise of other false systems in our day besides Theosophy is a sign that there is a revolt in the human mind against the materialism with which men too long sought to content themselves. The explanations of life proffered by the scientific spirit, which ignores all that is outside the limited range of its methods of re>earch. and which rejects as incredible all that we call supernatural, are failing to satisfy those who are secretly conscious that tbeyhave capacities which far outreach the visible sphere, and that there lies before them a destiny which transcends anything that can be experienced in, or connected with, the .present body. This revolt against au ^atheistic materialism we rejoice in, although the smug of the pendulum is cariying many into the dim shades of superstition. Indeed, the rise of Theosophy and kindred heresies presents a study of the human mind which is of intense and startling interest For most of its leading spirits have accepted its most outrageous demands on human crodutity, after refusing for many years to receive anything as true which could not be demonstrated and defined. From tbe glare of the electric light of modern science, which s i decried them that they could not see the sun shining in heaven, they have rushed into the dim shades of medieval superstition. and even into the gro-s darkness of aucient Paganism. A REVIVAL OF PAGANISM. This leads me to say a few words upon tbe startling fact that Theosophy is really, and even avowedly, a revival of ancient Paganism. It professes that there have been all through the ages sain*! who have kept up the ancient wisdom, snd it represents itself as a revival of the true philosophy, which for a time wis displaced by the rise of Christianity. The great pyramid in Egypt is" described in "The Perfect Way" as representing, both in character and duration, the various stages of tbe soul's history as now set forth by 1 heosophy, so that in it may he traced her first emergence in matter to ber final triumphant release and return to spirt. And in that Pyramid, we are told, the old misteries, now being revived, were at one period celebrated. It is no doubt a general opinion that aucient Paganism was a gross superstition, whictf could never have really deceived men of culture, even in earlier ages; and this idea has been due partly to the statements made by Cicero and others during the decadence of the Bomui Empire, and of the religious system then professed. One result of this misconception is that enliehtened men at the close of this nineteenth cenlury. in the pride of their intellectual acbi4vements. are readv to laugh to scorn the suggestion that there is any serious peril of modern thocaht reverting to that ancient nisdom to which St. Paul referred when he said, "The world by wisdom knew not God. 1 But as a matter of fact Paganism appealed successfully to men who were as cultured as any who live in our own dsye. Some of the most learned philosophers, the most gifted artists, the most profound students of Nature, w«tra thorough-going believers in Paganism, and were more than content with its teaching. Ancient Paganism did not fail because of any failure to satisfy the human intellect, but because it failed to meet man's moral want*, and tbe world was yearning for a Saviour from sin and niiserv, and found Him in Jesa9. It a frequent mistake to underrate the learning of the past. Mo 'i scientific and philosophical lore, which, if it could be revived, would compote on more than H^USI tonus with the boasted triumphs of our own day. Ocultixm is a revival of former j-ys^ems of belief which satisfied men intellectually, and itis seeking to bring into line the armies of darkness agvn->t the Christ who revealed a personal God, who taught the responsibility of each soul to Him, who proc'aimed the heinousness o[ sin which He died to put away by the sacrifice of Himself, who, by His resurrection and ascension, opened n-.it a series of incarnations to the imperfect, but a kingdom of heaven to all believers. It is a fatal mistake to underrate your foe. And under much that seems foolish and much manifest imposture there larks the fundamental antagonism of Christ and Antichrist. While we are sending the Gospel to con front heathenism abroad in other forms heathenism is assailing us at home. THE DOCTRINES Ot THEOSOPHY. Theosophy teaches that there is but one substance. therefore tbe substance of the soul, and therein of all thing", and tbe substance of Deity are one and the same. Every monad (nltimateatom, or separable particle) of it, therefore possesses the potentialities of the whole. Of sach a motud in Its original condition every individual soul con- list*. At first the monad is embodied in something material. It may be in a stone, and its e&rliesb; inamfesUtiin of consciousness mav app ar in ohedionce paid to Itws of gravitation and chemical affiniiy- This, indeed, is said to be the secret of the old mysterious story, which tells how Deuralion and Pyrrha, nnder the direction of Themis (Wisdom), produced men and women from stones, and so peopled the renewed earth. This, by . tbe way, is an example of tbe connection already , hinted at between this false religion and ancient . Paganism. TNUS started on its way, the monad is said to progress through a series of lives, from tile vegetable to the animal, and from tbe animal to the human. Then the life has many existences in the human form. A series of incarnations takes place, so that the same sdiil appears again and apain in history, sometimes in conditions of misery, sometimes of happiness, these being determined by what is called Karma, which means the results of the preceding life. Slowly but surely, by these successive incarnations, it rises to the supernatural. At last it exchanges "existence" for "being," from which it originally came; but while absorbed or reunited to deity, it retains conscious individuality, and the foil advantages of its experiences. God, therefore, is not one, but multitudes. The One becomes many, instead of the many becoming one. Now this may stem to some of you an interesting but almost innocent speculation. Think it over, and you will perceive *hat it is nothing of the kind, but a heresy which distinctly challenges tbe doctrines of the religion we profess. Pnrification by successive fncai nations absolutely precludes the forgiveness vf sins on repaataaMand faith, anddtmiec m,' " ' * ' we find ourselves daring this AriUf Hit is n# longer the appointment of our loving H&tb;«r in Heaven, to be accepted trustfully and chenfrili? but is the outcome of &pa;»tDfe we lived of we have no memory, but (be res alts of which mas9 be endured with such stoicism as belief in fate may suggest. The gracious and changeless God whom Jesus taught us to address as oar Father in Heaven becomes a vague, impersonal (or shall % say maay-persor-ed!) Being, with so unity of thought or will, as deaf to our cries tor help, and as dead to all that concerns iu at the •"""y ether in which the woiids are floating. Now I suppose it will be admitted that the fundamental theory here is the evolution of the soul by means of repeated incarnations, what is called ia "The Perfect Way," tbe pre-exlstence and perfectibility "of the souL" This idea was familiar to ancient religions, and is to (Ms day cbtroctwfstiB' of Buddhism. It is natural, when confronted In;' such a staitling theory, that we should ask this question—"If 1 have existed for many centuries, if I bave appeared and reappeared on earth in' all sorts of conditions, sometimes as a poor mas. sometimes rolling in wealth, sometimes in one' land, sometimes in another, how Is It that X< have not the slightest memory of any of these incidents, some of which must bave impressed themselves vividly upon my eotiscioaaaessT' CM), the answer given in tfiect is this—Tour soul does retain some memory of all those post experiences, only at present your memory is too • eclouded for you to perceive them. If only you live the appointed life you shall know of tbe doctrine, a-..d shall rise, not only to a knowledge of JOOTOWJX past history, but of the history of the planet on which you live, which planet is itself a person, having oonseiousness and a msctium of memory. "For, says the writer of "The Perfect Way," there are actually ghosts of events, manes of part circumstances, shadows on the protoplosmic mirrorj which can be evoked." 8ur*ly a curious and significant revival of the old and false theories of alchemists and astrologers, and more fitted tor thecredulity of Ignorant servant-girls than for tb>3 acceptance of reas-'nable men. When we ask, What is the life we a>e to live In order to get hold of such powers? we find that not 5 only such viands as flesh and alcohol are to be given up, but all family endearments and basin ess re possibilities. And into our mind* flash the words of an inspired Apostle:—" Now tha Spirit speaketh expressly that in tbe latter tines some shall depart from tbe faith, giving beed to seduciof spirits, and doctrines of devils; speaking lies ia hypocrisy; ha*inn their consciences" seated with a hot iron; forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which Grid hath created to be •eceived with thanksgiving of them which believe, and know the truth." I have not attempted to descrioe, or even to t numerate, the numerous tenets of Theosophistaassociated as they arc with Buddhism, Spiritualism Mysticism, and Pantheism. I have contented salt with allusion to what teems to be their —I^I belief, which affects more than any other hn«n«w life and destiny. It is not necessary to my paipoaa to speak of what they describe as the sevenfold nature of man, Willi its lower guorternary and higher tertiary—in other wards, with four parti perishable and three permanent. Tbe teacb* mg about "the astral body," for in which it is said an initiate can peasent himself at a distance, as if in spectral form, and can visit different p »rts of the earth, while tlie physical body Is 1-ft behind—all this, and nmdt more, is curious rather than essential. If nut powers are within reach, as modem tbeaeophistJ, like medieval wizards, believe, then no doubt it would be desirable that a long course of i "" Milf conquering training should d ouUl be gone _ through, ._ ; fcr otherwise the greatest crimes might r end all responsibility for them disavowed escaped. ITS EVIDENCES. It is more important that we should ask for tha evidences of some of the stupendous doctrines set forth. And here we do not hesitate to aay that, aa compared with Christianity, Tbeosojpby has no evidence worthy of credence. It is said that proof, can only De given ultimately to those who aocepfc certain doctrines as a working hypothesis; and the only basis for this demand on one s credulity Is Madame Blavatsky aaia that she received certain revelations from the Uitatmu, the nndlscorcaaldn Brothers or Masters in Thibet. In point ot bnt modern Thtosopby stands or falls with Blavateky's character for honesty. " Either dm was a messenger from the Mahatmas or die VM m fraud; and if a fraud the Theoaophtcal 8ocMt9T would havehadno existence." " All that we know Ot Theosophy comes from ber." Those two sentences are not mine, but were written by Mre. Besant, who has flnnc herself with diaracteristfc from (he beetling crag of materialistic atbefem Into the abyss of Pagan superstition. Bat her wacdi are true enoueh- Well, some of yoa know how effectively the tricks of that impostor, nr«J«m» Blavatsky, were exposed by those who bad acted-in collusion withJber for five years. Tbe whole t of ber occnlt room," its sliding panel, and Its i In the roof, through which letters, written by Madams Blavatsky herself, were passed as coming from the Mahatmas in Thibet, was ruthlessly exposed, and letters, proved by expert* to bs in her own handwriting, still remain to show that the Coulombs produced what she told than to prepare, alaskelyne and Cook have done mors wonderful things than the Mahatmas, but have the honesty to say they are trick*. The report of Mr. Hodgson, of i Cambridge, who was sect out by the Psychical Society, and was prejudiced btfore be went in favour of strange Psychic powem, appears to me to put those evidences of the mysterious Mahatmas' powers oat ot court absolutely; and with them goes the re nutation of Madame Bjqvatsfcy for honesty aud trustworthiness. Yet these so-oalled wonders, which, If tea], did no good to anybody, are accepted as true by men and women who for yean ha Gospels because they narrate brought comfort and nope to tbe risk and aad, and the narrators are men irho oould say to those who were around them, " Ttieje things were not done in a corner." Indued, the wrtMt between tbe frankness and atrajgUforwazdnMi ci the evangelists, aad the messages of the " brottkerc" in Thibet, reminds one of words in which our Lord set fortiRhe sane contrast hefseu and His enemies—" I spake openly to the world; I evsr taught in the Synagogue and in the Vemple, wUffaae tlie Jew* always resort; and in suuet nave I sold nothing." Brethren, truth is not ashamed to show M l in the light of day. It romts inv^tigation. It demands not the living of a life which eats MB adrift for years from the duties and T" > iiyi w ftnf of their time; ita- fcs not trust in messages, aid to come from men whose very existence has no credible evidence, but it proffca a back which a child can read, and sets forth laws and : which the soul hungering after truth and l ^ ness sorely needs for the doing of doily vcrk and tha bearing of dally burdens. I know that it is tbe boast of Theosophiatathat fuller evidences and revelations will came to one who lives the appointed life, and that these an more valuable than the tndoncN of Christianity: but it must be remembered that these are reserved tor initiates or adepts, and that all must begin by reposing faith in those who say they have had ndi> experience. This, I say, ia demanding not toe tat; more credulity than has been asked by those who teach the truth as it is in Jesus. " ITS PRACTICAL EFFECTS. Again, what has Theosophy done Ar the world, which is weary with sin and woe, and streteUngoat its hands blindly for a Saviour? Until Km. Bsaan* joined the movement little was heard of its boasted idea of brotherhood and mutual help; and thought for the poor end miserable, whom Christ came to save, was conspicuous by its absence. Tbe contmt between these systems appears in the miracles at the Gospels compared with the marvels of Theosophy. Jesus healed the side; Blavatsky materialized cups end sauce re. Tbe Christ save bread to the hungry; the i roses on the rich. That faithreveaisabody floating thiough the air iu i I the dim light; this revesbaliring Christ who was seen sen t and talked with, and touched. and adored by old friends In broad daylight, after He was risen from the dead. But it is said thai, whatever Jesus did and was. His Church has done but little for the world. Wen, what did ancit-nt Paganism do for the world dmSng all the centuries it had unquestioned predominance? Bead the first chapter in the Emstle to the Romans, read (if you can without pollution) the descriptions of society given by Pagan writers themselves, see the few traces "of that civilization which are still left (and thank God they in' bat few) in Pompeii and elsewhere, and note the bestial foulness of what would be called "good society" In Rome, and you will have a glimpse into the utter corruption brought about by the TOT Paganism which some are trying to revive. Christianity has not done what it ought. True; but compare its ideal of society with that, and yon will know which is of God. And remember that Christianity has tofcver yel had the unchallenged supremacy which Paganism enjoyed for centuries, when it tolerated without remorse slavery and misery aad degradation such ss the world has rever known since. For msnya long year Christianity was weak in number*. In power, and opportunity of every sort, and when It aid advance rt was corrupted and waskened by Paganism, which seized and enslaved it, though tbe fetters were eolden In spite of all this Jesus of Nazareth, son of Mary, yet Son of God, brought hope to the dying, power to the morally weak, deliverance to the captives, and purity to ths de-- graded. And stall the faitb men hav« in Him is the world's une hope. For it affords what Theosophy can never give — motive and inspiration to that life of self - sacrifice and selfconquest which its votaries dream about. Hence, in spite of ignorance on one side and culture on the other, all the Theosophists the wide worid over have not done, or even attempted, for the sinful aud hopeless and degraded a tithe of what has been accomplished by the despistd miration Army. The length of their existence as organisations has been about the same. HumMtfy speaking, the chances hare been all on the side of TOeosopby In ability and money, yet look at the work of the one and compare it with that of the other, and aay which of these is of God. "Wherefore by their fruits you shall know tbfm. CONCLUSION. Well, brethren, after a close study of this new We have — ... We know whom we believe, and iu Him we find irdin, peace, and a good hope through grace. S:eing conscious of sin, we rejoice that we can be freed from the burden and from the woe of it now and here, for pardon Is proffered to us ell, through tbe merits of Christ. And when Theosophists tell us that atonement is a violation of ethic, we think of what we bear for our children, and give that statement the lie. When we ace assured that forgiveness is at variance with law, from our own experience as forgiven men we answer, No! It is a change in ounelves, itis the institution of a new relation between the wrongdoer and the lawgiver, consonant with Justice, aad dictated by love. Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ is not belief in any assertion—it is the outgoing of the soul in reposeful love: It ia living association with Jesus Christ, which leads to identity with Him; itis a spirit which animates us ai patriotism might do, so that with Paul we oan say "the love of Christ constrain tbh us," I do not wonder that many a soul, weary ot (he hopelessness of atheism, tarns to Theosophy, whiob at least proclaims that spirit is more thou matter; but I cannot conceive of one who has found Christianity to be a life, not a dead creed, giving up what he has for what it proffers. Shall numberless incarnations for our development take ths place ot pardon through Divine grace and purification toy Divine power? Shall absorption into an impenKMULj Deity be a substitute for the personal Mjonnent blessedness in our Father's home for ever? Win the doctrine of Sanaa avail for m»n'« coutrtf. and restraint, iu the place of that profound truth which Scripture and science 25ks proclaim, and whloh wm bave its fulfilment for every ™a. »rs and hereafter." Whatsoever a man sowetb that MtaUin also reap?" Shall we give up prayer which In brought us comfort and jPldBBM^vbcmfW U children we have spoken fi> our loving Fathsrln heaven, and exehonp ftrJl ttr that Ood is infinitely diffused, without heart to .fed or help, so that tbe bitterest ay pi a sin-ife only breath wasted inavoM; No, If yon bave but vliviag faith l— Word^and * — " " ' Ken wln»W«"g your life by the worship of a living, lortng,P« rsonal God, revealed in Jesns Chnst our lord. " It ii the fashion now for vita to be Without a God, Except some force behind the things we see, like neat, or light, or electricity; And one la odd, Among Ihew oracles, who still believes In any God who thinks, or loves, or grieves. "Bat there's a spirit, deep in the heart's core, Of reverence. Which somehow will not bow down to adore The mightiest force in Nature; what is more, Ihave a sense Of being something greater far than those Blind makers of the world which science knows. " Worship Imnst, hut may not worship aught Which I can bind And yoke to do me service, having caught Jbe secret of its power, with wonder fraugnt Bat without mind; And while I comprehend it, I must pe Higher than that which comprehends not me. "Yon do not need to worship? May be so; Only, t^eysa^thedug thai does not know A master like a savage wolf will grow, And fa Hating a sorry his brute lot. until be find A mightier will than his, and nobler mind. And this would be the hapless lot of men Withopt God's fear; Ibeir borne would soon be as the wild bea?t s den. All the aerce self-resuming sway again, And we should hear Bnt cries of wrath or hunger from the crowd, Orpeans of self-worship ringing lond. •Save us from that self-worship! Poor, indeed, Is he whoknowB Nothing more worthy than himself to lead His heart to purer thought and nobler deed Than ever rose From his self-contemplation, and to rouse Tbe soul to prayers, and hymns, and holy TOWS." 