If thero is ono membor of tlie Cabinet to whom Thursday night's victory, small as it is, should bo a source of tho deepest disap pointment and regrot, it is tlie Treasurer. In almost the last speoch which Mr. Cartcr nddressed to tho Ilouso ho drew sucli a doleful picture of tho sufferings tlmt his nllice ontailod upon him, and expressed so much anxiety to get rid of it, that it would have been a mercy to have taken him at his word and put an end to his misery. "Wo must suppose, how evor, that tho Opposition wero either nnwilliiig to toko liini too. soriously, or afraid to transfer to their own shoulders a bunion which appeared to press with such distressing woight upon his. Though ho iuvokod Mr. Speaker and oven a yet Higher Power to bear witness to his deadly earnest ness, there were still not wanting excellent precedents to., justify them in suspecting that lie might have been trying to only humbug them after all. When tho mayor and citizens of old London, for example, approached his crookod- backcd Graco of Gloucester and besought him to placo- tlie vacant crown upon his brow, that princo of dissemblers meekly entreated tliom not " to " enforce a world of cares upon him," and iu almost tho very language of Mr. Carter cailed his Maker to bear him out that ho wanted nono of it — " God, ho " knows how far I am from tlie desire of "it." - A Bisliop-dcsignnte, again, as every good churchman is a ware, is never expected to be in a hurry to accept, the office which the Holy Ghost and tho patronage Secre tary thrust upon him, without a" bIiow of rosistanoo ; but ho ' play's tiio maid's " part, says hay and takes it." This sort of affectation may bo pardonable in a pretty girl or a successor of tho Apostles ; hut in an Assembly of erring men, where self denial is a rare virtue, and politicians of the. stamp of. Orpheus C..Kerr are as plentiful as'hlackberries, it is natural that it should attract tho attention of tlie cynics, who are always lying in wait for any symptoms of human weakness. Mr. Carter's is too simple a nature to harbor a thonglit of cynicism, hut wo aro afraid lie cannot in reason complain of tho question if ho is asked why lie should have taken such trouble to get into ollico, when lie is now so eager to give it up. Possibly lie can take refugo with a clear conscience in tlie plea of Mr. Bird-o-fredum Saurin — It worn't no wish o' inino ; 'twas fcrofTly dls- tressln' i But poppler enthusiasm gut so almighty prossln' that lie could not very well escape from the honor. This is ono of tlie secrets, how ever, that must remain locked up in Mr. Pattorson's bosom, till ho' is forced at some future day by tho exi gencies of party to blah it for Mr. Carter's confusion. 'To the unsophisticated people who are not called upon to fathom I the motives of human Treasurers, it will naturally be strange and inexplicable that anyone in possession of his free will should ptace himself in a position to ho baited, bullied and besmirched night after night for a whole session when ho might oasily havo avoided it, if ho liked. Hamlet cursed his stars because ho found tho world out of joint, nnd felt himself fitted to put it right ; but statesmen as a rule writlio and wriggle away their wretched existence on tho Treasury Benches without any divine com pulsion whatever. Tho most of thorn of their own free .will go through fire and water— and very dirty water it is sometimes— to get a scat upon them, and cling to it whon thoy do with the tenacity of barnacles. Tliore may ho a few unndventurouB spirits scattered up aud "down tho pages of history far whom tlie sweets of office have no attraction, and who can say nolo Kpiscopari with all sincerity. If wo believe Grevillo, tlie great Sir Hubert Peel, when ' he returned tho Golden Keys into his royal mistress's hands,, prayed her never to ask him to grasp them again ; and tlie samo admirable gossip tells us. when George IV. sent for. Lord Melbourne, his Lordship told liis.privqto secretary "he thought it a " damned bore;" and. only responded to tho King's summons whon tlie secretary reminded him that it was " worth all that " Greek or Human could aspire to— to ho " Prime Minister of England, if only for "two months." "By God, that's truo; "I'll go," said ' his Lordship, nnd he went. Lord' Althorp was another man who preferred his privnto ease to tho honor of making his country's laws and leading the House -of Commons. Whon Lord Jeffrey called to congratulate him on his promo tion he found him busy with his fowling pieces ; and all '.tlie answer lie got for his trouble was, " Oh ! confound these poli- tical affairs, thoy- leave all miy locks " out of order." We cannot Bay that, wo are very much impressed with tho genuineness 'of tliese examples,. authentic as they are. Disraeli, consummate actor as. lie was, strikes us as being far more real and' in consonance -with what we know of human vanity when lie told his sister that Parliamentary life had great fasci nation, and "all must feeP. it, " though they won't' confess it. One "'can't walk down Parliament-street " without somo exaltation." Ho was taken into a Cabinet for the first time in 1852 by' Lord .Derby, anil Lord Nornianhy tells us lie .was as delighted ns a youiig girl at her first ball. "Now," ho said, " we " have a status." Jifr. Carter will bo quito unable to understand how anybody not a girl' can give way to pleasurable emotion at a -crisis when ha ought to bo bracing hisslucws for a prolonged drudgery and self , sacrilice in the interests of an unsympathetic and ungrateful public. If ho understood Mb good fortune rightly, a voto of want of confidence bo hailed as a release by tlie unhappy Titan who carries tho State on his shoulders, and who siiould wolcomo " the first groat day of " nothingness " as " tho last of dangor and " diBtresB." All tho same, we venture to think that Mr. Cqrtor will continue to groan anil sweat undor tho burden of Ills ollico till die is turned out of it; nnd we aro hard hoartcd enough to hope that the -Hntiso will rtot accord him tlio happy despatch lie sighs for till ho has comploted his task of putting the finances into something liko ordor. His . chief, Mr. Patterson, ovidontiy doos not tnko tho same disparaging viow of tlie Ministerial function or character; nor does lie show the slightest sign of tlio cares and emoluments of ollico disagreeing with .him, or of any unchristian desire to mnka Mr, Gillics's life wretched by handing them over to him. Parliamentary tactics may require him to incline ids backbone a littlo out of tlio strict line of perpendicu larity, nnd tlio concession may add one moro twist of tlio screw to his Treasurer's already tortured frame ; but to be always "stiff in the wrong" docs not add to a Minister's reputation. As Mr. Walter Bngehot obsorvos in his ossay on Sir Kobert Pool, " Constitutional " statesmen aro obliged occasionally " to defend nionsuroB which they din- "approve, to object to mensures which " thoy approve, and to appear to havo on " accurate opinion on points upon which " they have no opinion at all I" Mr, Patter son's trouble is nothing like Buck an aggra vated one. He is in tlio fortunate position of being ablo to deal with the income tax with aporfoctly independent conscience, for lie has in tho course of his political coreor both approved and disapproved :of it ; and what is more, lie lias tho satisfac tion of knowing that Mr. Gillies and Ids friends aro in precisely tlio same dilemma, and tlmt nobody lias any sympathy with tlio pot if it takes to calling tho. kettle black, A party at Holland Ilouso once amused themselves by the attempt to define what combination of circumstances would Aio most certain to niako a man's lifo miser- I able. Lady Holland was admitted to havo . carried off the palm by tlio suggestion that sho would make lier victim a handsome dnko. Probably many of us would liko to have a tasto of misery under those con- ' ditions ; yet the chances are that Lady Holland was right. When alio speci fied tlmt her duko was to be hand some, she undoubtedly meant tlmt he was to ho tlio coveted prize of women generally ; and Blie know that after a year or two of sensual' pleasure he would be left with his faith in tlio possibility of women being good so entirely destroyed that to make. a homo would be out of the question for him. In tho beginning of course lie would flatter himself that lie was loved for himself ; gradually lie would discover that in somo instances at least lie was only valued for his position or his wealth ; and later ou, having ceased to feel or to deserve love, lie would bo certain that he did not inspire it. Evon for a commoner, such a position would bo a disastrous one. A commoner, however, if ho is. disenchanted of love, can always fall back upon ambi tion. . Ho may enter Parliament or diplomacy ; ho may succeed at tlie bar ; or lie may make himself a name in science or literature A duke is absolutely debarroil from some of these lines, and more or less from tlie othors. Parliament for him can be nothing but tlio House of Lords, where tbo greatest orator liordly obtains a hear ing, and where no speech can be delivered tlmt really impresses tlie country. In diplomacy, a duke, who ranks in the English Court abovo an ambassador, is too great to begin at the bottom, and too human to succeed without an apprenticeship. At tho bar, solicitors would not trust hiln, for they would feel snro that before long lie would throw business over. In science or literature a duko might, of course, make a name ; and the Duke of Argyll lias done enough in this way. to show that- the field is open. Still, no man succeeds in investigation or makes a suc cess worth having i iu tho world of Iottors w'thmit devoting his life to ilis work. Theoretically, tlie handsome-duke may be as cold as Adonis, as devoted to science as Lord Hosse, or as ambitious of literary dis- I tmction as tho author who has .to j livo by his pen ; but practically tlie world will be in a conspiracy to claim him for .itself, and will overpower his good resolves. Lord Byron, who was of no great position as a pc'or, would havo been ruined for literary work if his breach witli his wife had not driven him into exile. Tlie grandee is in n more unnatural position than even a Prince of tlio Blood Royal, for tlio Prince is obliged to do a great deal of ceremonial work anil to know a groat many clover men, while tho Duko may choose ids asso ciates exclusively among jockoys or card sharpers. Evon an earl is better off, for fie earl has grades in tho pcerngo to win, and must do something to deserve them ; hub tlie duke's lifo is naturally purposeloss, unless lie -ho endowed with an absolute passion to do good or to promote truth. When he is wearied of facile conqnests in love, tliero remain nothing for him but the turf, the gambling tablo or tho dinnor table — unwholesome forms of dissipating ennui. Yot tho day whon nion will ceaso to desire tlie position is very romoto, and it may bo doubted if it will ever coine. .There is a more excusable phase human woakness than tlie craving for rank and personal advantages, in : the strong desire which almost all men fool for rest itr their later years. ' It may almost be said that no ono could bear the drudgery of ordinary life if he did not look forward to a day of rest. One man dreams of a .couutiy life; another thinks that ho will livo with his children ; and a third that lie will carry out . somo dream of literary distinction. Practically, wlien the obligation to work iio longer exists, scarcely any man has onergy enough to occupy himsolf with a now pur suit, and one and all the retired veterans almost insensibly pass into idloness and ennui. Very often, slight as tlie clidngo may seem, it is sufficient to be fatal. A niait who has boen accustomed to spend the working hours of the day without thought of himself is suddenly transformed into a hypochondriac, witli a diseased interest in liis symptoms. It seems .inevitable that \- the mind which has nothing to occupy it should feed ' upon itBelf. It is often sup posed that this craving for work and ' need of it aro peculiarities of the Anglo-Saxon temperament. - A Frenchman, it is said, can aniuso himself with society and the theatres; a Neapolitan is liappy if ho only looks out on ap animated stroct scene ; and an Oriental requires nothing more than a pipe, and can dispense evon with that so long as lit w not expected to work. It lias boen a secret of success to tlio English rnoo that thoy can not endure to bo idlo, hut it has not boen a secret of happiness. Nevertheless, tho raco long3 almost passionately for money os -a means of securing it from toil : nnd while tlio rich man gambles in trade or on tlio Stock Exchange that ho may ho richer still, tho poor man dreams of a future in which the State will give him all the com- forts of a well ordered clnb in oxchango for a minimum of work. Now of course thoro is a limit, .easily reached, beyond which toil bccpmqSitho. merest drudgery. When one . reads- . of.. English factory hands and sempstresBqs working ton, .hlovon or twelve hours a day, ono feels that for these nt lonst . tho Sunday rest can ho nothing more than tho respite necessary to secure, tho bodily powers from breaking down. .If, however, one comes to imngino a gradual, cqualisatiou of labor, by which nil shall have n little and none too much, hp that thogeiiornl average of work for pro fessional mqri .and hand laborers alike shall not exceed, lot nssay, six hours a day, it beoiimcs a vory difficult question to decide how tho' leisure is likely to ho oinplojred.. Facts in Australia rather point to tho con clusion that hero nt least athletic sports would he 'eonsidored tho wholo duty of man, and that our sociPty would bo divided botwecn footballers, crickotors, jockeys, cyclists and the mon who looked on at these. Neither have we any reason to suppose that society provided with rso much leisuro to abuse would bo more vir tuous. or more sonsiblo than Lady Holland's handsome duke. Its members "would fill up their dnys with cards or drink ing or intrigues. One sees something of tlie impending change in tho new position of women. Till very latoly the women of the family wore its drudges in all but a few great households. They took an active part in cooking and making preserves, in koeping up the supply of linen ami chil dren's clothes, or in caring for tho younger mciiibersof tho family. The sowing machine has relieved tliom of a great deal of tliiswork, and altered circumstances and change of fashion havo dono tlio rest. Tlio result is that tho modern girl is decidedly taller and stronger than her great- grandmothor was, and is really bettor educated, not only with a smattoring of tho " ologios " such as was customary a generation ago, hut with a fair proportion of tlio solid learning tliat is imparted at universities. Yet it .may ho doubted if any woman conversant with tho Hvoh of the upper forty thousand in England, or of the samb class in Australia, would pronounco them happy. With leisure tlie roign 'of a deadly dulness has come in, and many a woman who lives only for pleasure, and lias no more serious work than to arrange flowers for tho drawingroom, must envy those of her "sistors who are worked oven beyond their strength behind counters or itr factories. It is, porhaps, tho vaguo desire of something to do that is inciting thousands of women in England to claim the suffrage', while thousands of others aro already talcing an aotivo part in politics. Tlio future alono can dccido whether anything is to come out of this particular niovomcnt. Mean while, two facts seem to be established. One is tliat' tlie' Anglo-Saxon race will get littlo pl'easiiro out of its' increasing pro sperity, if it cannot learn to enjoy as well as to labor. 'The other ia that as long as 'our present" temperaments endure, tho upper cl Asses- of society are doing their 'women a vory doubtful service when they put them in tho position of dukes, seclude them Worn work, surround them with so called pleasures, and leave them to the companionship of their own thoughts. 