AMONGST 'THE CHURCHES. ,HOLY TRINITY. CANON SERGEANT'S FAREWELL. Ox Sunday evening last fully 600lworship pers assembled in Holy Trinity Church, when Rev. Canon Sergeant bade farewellto his Williamstown charge. The rev, gentle man took for his tcxt the second Epistle of Peter, I chap., 15 v.--" Moreover,. I will endeavor that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in re memberance," and said,-As this the last time that it will be my privilege to address you, as your licensed minister, perhaps I cannot do better than base my parting re marks to you on the passage of scripture just read as our text. In the case of the eminent apostle who penned these words, there had been, as he informed us, a distinct intimation conveyed to him from the Throne, ,that he was shortly to pass from his earthly labors to scenes invisible and eternal of just men made perfect in heaven. To this effect he expresses himself in verse 14 ; in the terms we now cite " Knowing that shortly I (Peter) nmst put off this, my tabernacle. even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath showed me." Aiil althlough. my brethreni he who now speaks to you (thitnk (od) is in health and strength at present,-conscious of course, as one in his 70th year coull l;irdly, in the nature of things. help being conscisos, that the springs of life are becominie feebler, notwithstanding that the hand is scarcely less steady, or the foot less firm, or the eye less capable than when I came aniong you some IS years ago-yet it is ce tst;. that or approaching ecp -tt.ti.,-1, ,:!u a h nd h .her w dll be, in re iardi t. at. -,t,. . . t : nc ai v , ier equivalent to the liinallep.lrturt t. t lie ,better land, whither our forerunner Christ has entered to prepare for us a meeting place, and a glad home I hope (througlh his most precious blood- shedding), with the family above in tihe many imaisioned House of the Father. Now, then, let its look at the text. St. Peter writes :--" I will enideavor that ye may be able to have these things always in rememberance.r' What things We must refer to the preceeding verses, and indeed to the preceding' epistle to discover fully what they were. But confining ourselves to his pre vious observations in this chapter, we learn that those to whom this epistle was sent were, as a body, persons who. had obtained "like precious faith" with him (the inspired author) through the righteous ness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ. You see the character of the individuals whom he was anxious to guide and direct in the way everlasting-to build up in their most holy faith, tlhat they might be his joy and crown of rejoicing "in the great day." They were believers. They were genuine disciples of the Lord Jesus. Pit tihe apostle .know well that they needed to be sustained daily by the inward, -silent, progressive working bf the Holy Spirit,-to be fed with the sweet food of the word of God, that grace and peace, might be multiplial unto them through the knowledlge of God and of Jesus our Lord. Now, my dear brethren, I do hope that some good has been wrought in your souls by the preaching of the gospel in this place. I do sincerely trust that the proclamation of divine mercy to sinners here, in Holy Trinity Church, Williamstown, though it has proceeded often from feeble lips, has not been unaccompanied by that power of the spirit, on which we ministers are dependentfor theleast degree of success, and seithsout which, let me tell you, even a messenger of light from God's presence, if he could stand before you, and youn were strengihtened to look" upon him Sabbath after Sabbath-arrayed in the majesty of eternity as he would be, and gifted, as we will suppose, with the matchless eloquence of the highest Archangel,--though he might delight your intellect and fascinate your mind, and charm your fancy by the sweet ness and beauty of his utterances; could never convert one single soul. It is the co-eternal and co-essential spirit of God alone that can do that ...........If any man be in Christ. he is a new creature........... what means it? Why nothing less than a new creation. That is the import, as anyonie acquainted with the original of our new testament will infornyonu,..... ...If yoe have as yetbeen moved by no responsive grititqde to Him who so first loved you, and are still careless and Christless,:.-......then retire, I bessech you, as'soon as you can after this service to the secrecy of your chamber ; and' when you have shut the door, there on your bended knees implore pardon for all past neglect .........Keep this, beloved brethren, always in rememberance, that being bystatutre the dtchilreht.of . wrill, we require, to be made the childreh of grace; and that' le can lie so made by the divine spirit alon. We have the declaration of St. Peter himself that " Christ's divine power hath given to us all things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of Him that hath called is to glory and virtue." Such is his statement. And for certain this is so. All that is necessary to stimulate us to a life of godliness, if you consult the scriptures, you will find are freely given to us......... He so loved the world, you and me, that He gave his Son.........He gave Him, Jehovah-Jesus. to live for us, and to die for us,-to live that the righteousness of his obedience might be qurs; to die, that through the merits of his death we nmight obtain the remission of oqr mighty and multitudinous iniqqities. 'i (Jome let us reason together, saith the Lord, thoigh your sins be as scarlet. they shall be as white as snow ; tlhougll they be red as caimson they shall be as wool "....-." Awake, then, thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead--the spiritually dead in trespasses and sins, and Christ shall give the light " This thee spiritual resurrection is absolutely Indis pensible, if we would be saved ; for we can not too strongly impress on youi the.circum stances on which St. Peter insists in this epistle that God has called us. not only to glory, but to rirlue as its preliminary. The spirit which truly reveals Christ to the soul, sanctifies that soul by a gradual work. VWe cannot become perfect at a bound. We can pqt cast off in a moment every eril habit, as wv ytightsas gd garmentct; but we ilay grow to grace gpd in the knnowsledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Tilis groaelh is but the expansion of thle implanted gerni of "'a divino nature " in those whoil are born of the Snirit. For what is'faith without works....-....without participation in the most precious food of the Lord's table ? It is barren............Remember t.ihis, beloved brethren, I beseech you. You must be readers of the word of God-prayerful redera of it-reading systematically, in dependence on the spirit's teachinig. To this, be it added, you must be attk;ndants at the Lord's .able.:....I call upon you, beloved bre?hiren, who have hitherto beni,neglectful f the ' ord.' '4mmmand, "]o this in re memberiuig .gqf. nle ......to stFreler yoqur selves as willing subjicts l?e?ceforll tq tq is King of heaven and King of love......Revere the Sabbatl-thle public ordinances of rca ligion, and the appointed meais of grace. They are intended to connect you with Him who is the true light and life of tihe soul .....Cultivate self-restraint in words and 'deeds. Curb your tongue that you speak neither rashly, nor untruthfully, nor pro janel/U-with -your-lips.....Betemprate in your language, brethren; and be temperate, I bggcphs you, in the use of tidat, which fthrotuIh abue ha is proved such a fruitftl sofurce of niisery t.hroughou. the wide world \--todxicatintg liqiors-.....y adviqe ytoY4 is--?n? certaitly to all others'to wits the glass is g teopittion, to become inemt lrs h our tiomperBtcu or 1tql' abstaiinog sijCeieties. ......Tltesc then?.Q aiqq.?g tlj o phlqgs l?tcili i'wotid tiay.-e yoq hear it toiod aylwtc "iR whitq now addresses you is far away li his mountain Iote, In Rocelhworth I or better still (as tile door of imercy imay be opened to the chief of sinners) in the home beyond the skies, brighlt in the uncreated splendonr of God and the Lamb, for evermore. Brethren, .death, judgment, eternity, will soonbe ours. May the tl.onght of those three last solemn things Incite us ho a life of godliness, which aloine can be a life of peace....,..?Wa !more shall I saj; .to you t ray for us. lceive withl all cordiality my successor: Strenghben hit' in his labours. Give hiin tlh' caomfort of 'yotr assistahae ?yith cheerfulness iialhe Sunday schowil. vtill alacrity every w;llere, iii all llis varied work. I exhort you' to tpua imity: Be at pece mlnot yourseves ; for?iving one ittotlher.. .;I olyT '~ritity, 4'ihlatpstowvn, hlydceforth tresint Cite spec ttedq'all otleor dahton)it aions of it uslited peoqple, a utiteid ourel. Th1 t(ilad of God in your besrts vwill etalhit yhq iq l o ttii i as will you go on prosperong and to prqslier. And now, farewell. May our testimony for Christ in this place prove, in the great day, through the energy of the divine spirit, not to have been barren of blessed results. And " may the God of peace that brought again from thie dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the Everlasting covenant make you perfect in eery good wcrl; to do His will; working 1 syosu tat wvtlieh Is well lileating in his gihgl througrog. Jeubs Clhrist, to wvim wi'h1 de Father and iloly Ghost eg!o, yfo.? ever. Sihon W. opboq.I?, qf Frviun aCcet, iootscray, quprrytpsl . (inspg qf ii solvency--Inability to obtain pmploy ment, and bad debts. Liabilities, £79 5s. Id.; assets, 10s.; deficiency, £78 15s. Id. MDr. Jacomb, assiguee, 