XHOW SHALL WE DECIDE, THIS QUESTION '' \-- Now, whichis the:worse-to have no, appetite for your dinner, or to have no, dinner for your appe tite ? There-are lots of people on the one side of the question.. When " good digestion waits on appe tite.and healnh on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most. of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it-- Different folk. will answer this question differentry;,yet: the common sense otit-is that, within. reasonable limits, it is: beetter-. have -apeetite witho y jil: h-trii a mS livhdb ought/.to andi doesn't feel li Seating ,.itands. infe of alteration aireepairs" ; To'illuetrate We recently received a comtmun cationin which the writer. says,. ":I ws afraid to eat." -. Did he fancy his food. was. poisoned,. "otidid Shis nature'rebel-;gains-the nourishment lihedrn ?.. If the latter,. whvo 2 .Let. himin el the.mit yMery . He says.' In the-year 1889 i changed " iiy rk from railway porter to signalman: ' ihad been g? - nalman twelve onths, andthen- 1aat once, sp~to speakj1did not feel.myselL. My-iiotith tastede.d, so thif ordinary::articles oft -diet, seemed -to?: re their flavor ; the. palate.;to p it.int ihat d 1a appeaed to ;have nothg to say to thenm. think was'likea anotier, nand poae 5was gdod. tongue.was coatieda (erred, wwithiss dark ]ire t e Ow the iciddle arid yp lw'fmrirpund it.. My breath was ;offensive andiny apetitepoor, with pains,; through '?the chest a~i shoulders, .which were always. right before I had eaten anything.:: Then I was greatly, troubled .- ith wind. It -would gather so it' felt like a bai my throat,andtas tas.f itt wonldc hokq me." We camiot- wonder that under these circumstan ces our.friend failed to do justice to his meals. He addsthat there. was whatihe?ll,,si' a pricking..sen-ý sation at his heart, as thougoitwere to?ohed' with, some sharip izistrument. T1ien'again at. times ,he wasasttacked with spasms, the igony of which was so severe that the swea~d -red-off him.' " dreaded,' he says, " the thought ofeating, and many-a scanty meal have Iimade,.for I was afraid.to eat: : After a:tine I got into a low.weak .nervous- state, and felt miserable, as if som~ething was going to' happen, and this:caused me to- lose, a good deal of sleep." What he meansiby trhe fear of '" something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some Calamity, sech as the loss of his position, his own( ' death, ori the death of somebody dear to himu. Thiswas. due, as he intimates, to.the impoverished-state: of his blood (the life bearer), his unst g nerves;: and. to the bratn enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always fuoi.f ghosts. and goblins, the ureatures:of a restless 'an~ nngov erned imkgifiationi:. .s ..i " With great.difhculty?" he says,-" stuk'I tpmy ,work, for I had a-wife and fiamily depe in me. So I struggled on, but-what I suffered forov o years is past my powers of description:-I am. no one has suffered s,'rm ohas I.have d --_ to bear thainis one's nition of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while goingthrough the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with. them. Well, the- writer finally mentians: that after all medical treatment had left him where it fonnd him he chanced to read ins.hook of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's: Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr Lanstaff's, in Woodleford, and after using its contents the ailmnent left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole! world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven.years. (Signed) . " GEORGE HuNTy " Car Bottom Road; " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publis- thisby-Mr Hunt's desire, in order that pzrt of the world at least may know how thankful h, is and for what reason. 