"Bow ihall We Decide This question'?" NjW, WHICH 10 THIE WORSE-TO HlaVE NO APPrTITE FOR YOUt DINNER, O0 TO HAVE 50 I DINNER FOR YOUR Arl'ETITE I There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to. wards his meals. But most of os are not blessed in that way; we eitlher have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enongh to satisfy it. Ditfferent folk will nnwer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is bhelt(tr to have an appetite without a dlinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hongry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and dloesn't feel like cit. tng, stands in need of " alterations nod repairso" 'o itllustrate. We recently received a com munilation in which the writer says, " I was afraid to est." Did be fancy aLs fool was poi. sined, or dlid his nature rebel against the nourishment !ived on 1 If the latter, why I Let hini c!ear the mvstery hima;lf. Ile says,' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I hbad been signa'man twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. 31y month tasted bad, so that ordinary artilcles of dliet seemeold to loses their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and ( none was good. MJ tongue was eoated andt furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right ( before I ihad eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubledl with wind. It wonld gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as it it would choke me." We cannotl woner that under these cirem- ( stances our friend failed to do jastice to his meals. lIe adds that there was what he calls " a Flicking senoation "at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasnis, the agony of which was so severe that the swent rolled oft him. "'I dreaded," he says, "the thought of cating, and IANT A C SCANTY MEAL HAVE 1 tMAD, Fon I WAS .1Rlti) TO BAT. " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner* ouer conditliun, andt felt miserable, as if sotme thinig was going to happen, and this caused me C to lose a good dceal of sleep:'." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of same calamity, surch as the lossof his position, C his owi death, or the dearth of somebody dear to hinm. This wias due, as he intioates, to the tmporerished state of his blocdl (the life bearer) C his unstrungnerues, and to the brainenfeebled by lack of noulrishlment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and gob' lie, the creLatures of a restless and ungo. C vernedl imagination. "Withi gieat difficulty,"he says," I stuck to nmy work, for I had a wife and family de. pending ott me. S I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I An suns o oNE HAS Sor. C tFEED 80 31UCH AS I HAVE DONE," In the latter statement he is nodloubtedly wrung. One's own pain is one's own, and Is always iharier to bear than is one's notion of C his ueigthonr's pain. There is a countless multitudle who are all the whilo going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them C 1%ell, the nriter tinally mentions that after all to.licl tre.atment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case LXA'ILY I.IiE llS owt having been C coredl by Mother eigel's Syrup. " My wife." he says, "got me a bottle at MIr. Langstaff', In WooJl!esfordl, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should :ike the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland RIailway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GEORGE HNTr, " Car Bottom hoad, S\pperley Blridge, near Leeds." C We publish this by Sir. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is andl for what reason, 