Australasian. A scientific expedition, has been Bent from Norway to West Australia. Bush fires still raging in Riverina Orangeline district has suffered oonsider- y Mr David Scott, M.L.A., Tasmania, killed by a fall from, his horse at Laun- ceston. Federal Couucil sits in Hobart on 26th inst. Messrs Duffy and Shiels represent Victoria. The freehold lands on the Condobolm station, N.S.W., are being subdivided for sale. Fifteen hundred bags of Queensland syrups sold in London at from 10s 6d to 12s per cwtr Anti- Alien Pauper Immigration League formed in Sydney to check the influx of pauper aliens. The London "Standard" says that New Zealand is preparing to float a con version loan. Total yield of gold, Queensland, last year 602,758oz, Increase of 26,-319oz. compared with 1891. The New Zealand Government denies the statement in the London standard" re Conversion Loan. Reported that the Australian Finance o. conrempiartes starring freezing works at a North Queensland port. National Bank of New Zealand pays an ad interim dividend of Is 3d per share. Better than nothing. O Fourteenth half-yearly report Royal Bank of Queensland shows L12,413 net profits. Dividend 5 per cent. Net profnts of the Union Steamship Company, N.Z., for last year L53.606 15s 5d. Dividend 6 per cent. Australian pearl fishers on the south coast of Burmah warned off by the Indian Government. Government monoply. A London firm commissions a Hobart agent to purchase 40,000 bushels of apples at 4s per bushel on the wharf. The guns for the forts at Albany, W, Australia, being shipped by g.s. Gulf of Taranto, leaving England on 22nd inst. Rumored that the Tasmania a Trea surer is negotiating for a loan of LI .000,000 with fair prospects of success. Further examination of the frozen beef by the Ruahine shows that nearly a quarter of that shipped at Townsville is damaged. Ninth half-yearly report of the Bank of North Queensland shows L6,396 net profits, dividend 5 per cent., and Ll,454 to be carried forward. The Union Mortgage and Aeency Company of Australia Limited are in receipt of the following weather telegram, viz. : — " Nannka' Station, Win ton, Queensland, 90 points of rain on the 11th instant. The Governor will take charge of a present, the Challenge Cup given by the old University oarsmen of England, to be rowed for by Australian University. A ghost story from Maclean, N.S.W. The " shade" smashes windows, throws stones, etc. Unfortunately the widow of its supposed human original has become insane. The Union. Mortgage and Agency Com pany of Australia Limited are in receipt of the following weather telegrams — " Dagworth Station, Winton, Queens land : 32 points of rain on the 9th in stant, and 84 points on the 11th instant." 44 Strathdarr Station, Longreach. Queens land : Oae inch 30 points rain ontbe 14fch instant ; weather seems broken, very threatening." 