CARNAGE'S JOCKEY. A Talk with Tobv Monan. l\ 4( How'd I loBe the race? Gorblxnie if I know I I only know one thing, and ithat is that both Carnage and me was /ead licked when we came to a struggle witn xarcooia. I never tnongns anyemng wonld catch me when I left Newman and that lot below the distance. "Lord love you I I knew I wae taking a lot out of my horse, bnt what was a fellow to do ? I wae on a good ono; he wanted to gallop and 6eemed untiring, so when I found I had a good shop I just kept him there, for God knows what wonld have become of my chances if I'd got once back in that ruck. Why, I could hear 'em yelling at one another and cursing, and letting go all round, away behind, and some, at least, had all chance destroyed by the way tbey got hedged in. Yon can bet one thing, and that is, that had Loyalty had Tarcoola'e chance he'd have won the Cup. They settled him all right, but jahhe >f hem'ndreun'ed Tarooola could win, or perhaps he would wot have been left such amioe clear course. " Yea ; I led pretty well all the way,, and, if you ask me, it wae my only chance. I knew what I'd get if I didn't keep in the front rank, and though I just got done, yon could not have kidded me I should when I shook 'em all off only a distance from home. "Lovely! Why, it looked a monte, and I was shaking hands with myself and saying — 'Toby Moran, you've won your Cup.' I was not, of course, able to see behind me, but I could tell that something freeh was coming at me very faBt, and I began to send the colt along. Before that he'd taken his own pace, and I could' no more stop him than I could hold a locomotive. He answered at ouce, like the grand hone he is, but I could still Bee a bay head and neck come sneaking .np, and I rode for my life, and brought my whip into play. The colt bounded under me, and for a moment I thought I would shake my adversary off. "Then my horse gave a sob and lurched under my riding, and jost as Tarcoola got level I saw Jeweller also at me. Of course I flogged, and Carnage actually drew out again, I should say a neck. Then he tired, and young Grippe, flogging and riding for his life, squeezed his horse home ahead of me about half a length. Jeweller came so fast that there can't be any doubt but that, bad be started his run a bit sooner, he'd have won from both of us, for be was doing two feet to oor one at the end, and looked quite freeh beside our blown cattle." — Sydney Sporting Gazette . Again were the Sandown Park people unlucky in the matter of weather. Last Wednesday it rained all day. The Trial Handicap, five furlongs, found a winner in Grand Brig (Bat), Brown Bess (7st 81b) being second. Lord Plausible (list 61b) -scored a win for his new owner in the Hurdle Race. The Springvale Welter Handicap was appropriated by Nugget, about whom 10 to I could have been obtained. The fuelling Plate was a gift to -Primros. Meg got the best of the start, but was caught, and thereafter bad not the ghost of & chance. 6t. Elmo (lOst 101b) again started an outsider for the Open Steeplechase, Topraxl, with Corrigan np, being mode an even money jvonta;1Ehevl£tteC' "came a tarribto cropper at a fence at the back. Leo ran off, while Anderson, who rode Tyro, in coming through Tithe _gap had. me taj fearfully injured, and subsequently ftl joff his Elmo, the only other horse whioh stood up, coming in an easy winner. An onlooker caught Tyro, ana brought him in. Anderson had to be carried in on the ambulance stretcher to the Melbourne Hospital. A protest was entered against St. Elmo, on the gronnd that he brought about Tyro's dis comfiture. The protest was considered on Friday morning, and dismissed, the £5 deposit being forfeited. The Sandown Park Handicap was won by Robnrite, mainly through Chris Moore's con summate horsemanship. Foe the Neg&mbie; Races, which are to take place to-morrow, Mr. J. H&sker;, the secretary, states that the course is in capital order. The acceptances for the various events are good, so that a success- fol meeting is anticipated. 