KTMPORTE, By J. 0. B. Misfortunes never come alone. It is not cir cumstances only but the' atmosphere as well that presses heavily in New South Wales. One day last week the air sat like a nightmare on the Observatory barometer — sat, and pressed, and squeezed it, till the quicksilver inside touched a height it had never reached before. That there was an extra amount of air about was evident even on Sunday evening last, as every windbag in - the Outer Domain appeared to be full to the neck and chafing against the string. The Government astronomer never thought that a column of mercury could grow so tall in a few hours. He attributed this unnatural growth to an anti I cylonic wave that passed over New South Wales, and, seeing 6he was so fair, hugged her a little harder than usual. New countries should be like barometers — the more you try to keep them down the higher they should rise. * * * * A state of almost civil war exists on that por tion of the 141st meridian extending from the Murray to the sea. It is there that Victoria and South Australia meet and mingle, not in peace like the waters of Avoca, but with menace and objurgation and an occasional blare of defiance. Imaginary boundaries frequently arouse more bitterness than real ones, .much as imaginary grievances arc often harder to bear than those which aro genuine. It is the small cares of life that kill. And of all lines the meridians— probably because nobody ever saw them — are foremost in prompting near neighbours to shake fists instead of hands. The cause of the chronic quarrel between the two colonies is easily understood. Victoria wants the 141st to go west and take np land, while Sonth Australia is equally anxious to shunt it east. It will be seen at once that between the two provinces runs a long, narrow 6trip of disputed territory caused by the inability of toe officials to seo an arc of a great circle. The plan chosen for settling the matter and laying this long ghost of a lino is open to objection. It is proposed to send dutiable goods from South Australia into the land in dispute, and, if necessary, sell them there by auction. Then, if the Victorians think the ground is theirs, they'll either stop the merchandise at the unsubstantial border or else pitch it and the auctioneer a considerable distance towards the setting sun. Thus in order to locate an invisible line it may be necessary to kill a respectable tradesman and maim his assistants. There are scmo. auctioneers, to be sure, whom it would be a mercy to sacrifice in a just cause. Indeed, it is not too much to say that the public would receive with approval the news that they were thrown so high over the meridian that they came down ' flat. If a number of men of this class could bo induced to introduce Adolaide goods into the disputed slice of land, and hire as assistants a sprinkling uf prominent public men from the various provinces, the different colonies would willingly supply the articles free, and heavily subsidise a large body of Victorians to meet them on the meridian with bludgeons. After a sincere knock on the head, the man that couldn't see the 141st from Pole to Pole might do for a blind asylum, but would be a source of danger to himself aud to others if allowed at large in a progressive country like Australia. * * * * One of Australia's choicest productions is follow ing in the wake of the African elephant and the American bison. The lyrebird will soon be ex tinct — butchered to grace a British bonnet. Next to a brilliant tuft on the head, the worst thing a bird can cultivate is an attractive tail. The beautiful creaturemeutioned derives its name from the peculiar shape of the feathers embellishing the extremity of its longer axis. As inelmostall other cases, itis the male bird that monopolises thelyre. He has generally three or four wives. This is due to the fact that from the earliest ages the mortality has been greatest among males, owing to their foolish habit of attracting attention by imprudently cocking their tails. The gentleman bird is an accomplished mimic as well, which is scarcely a matter for wonder considering- his advantages. 'When four females lecture him daily he has to take to mimicry or die. But his versatile nature does not find sufficient scope in mimicking his family alone. Hie imitates every thing he hears — a fleck of parrots, the barking of dogs, the noise of a sawmill, and the voices of woodcutters. Two sounds only appear to have puzzled him — that of a person in charge of a large team of bullocks, and that of a woodcutter when the axe flies off the handle or falls on his tee. It is generally allowed that they'd be most expat talkers if taken properly in hand and framed with the same care as parrots, ravens, and jackdaws. Bat, as their name implies, it would be hazardous to teach them* too much, or permit than to become too in timate with our language. They'd faring discord into peaceful families and crowd the Divorce Court. Of course, they might be found useful iu the coun'ry press : but it would be too much to expect that, even with the most careful training, they could hope for a place in metropolitan journal ism. While the females lay or hatch, the males build little mounds in the neighbourhood and divert attention from their mates by strutting on top, spreading their tails, and addressing sundry un complimentary remarks to the visible universe. It is tins combination of love and vanity that gets the poor lyrebird into trouble. For, attracted by the display and by the chatter, the sportsman ap pears. In a moment the light-hearted lilt is over. Sport, indeed ! Bold women want feathers, and earth's daintiest things have to be slaughtered to supply the vulgar demand. Until the shooters get five years, the dealers ten, and the wearers life, the lyrebird's lot, like the policeman's, will be an unhappy one. * * * * The Mount of Olives is said to be veneered with advertisements concerning the fleshformingcapa bilities of Dublin stout ; also that brass bands play Irish jigs on Sundays iu the garden of Gethse mane. This naturally arouses sombre reflections. It is felt that, if such is the case while Home Rule is still a long way off, there will be coffins with threatening notices gummed to the doors , in Jerusalem, and moonlighters drinking poteen from the skulls in Golgotha, by the time the first Parliament meets on the Liffey. The Turkish authorities seem to be impo tent. No wonder. If anything could paralyse a Turk it would be Garryowcn in Gethsemane. . . In Potsdam, near Ber.in, the German Emperor has constructed a £-25,000 fort, and is teaching his sons how to hold it. If he hut built a sausage factory at one angle and a distillery at another, sufficient men could now be found in Sydney alone to hold it with sticks against the combined forces of Europe. . . . The most bewildered man iu New South Wales to-day is Hercules O'Keefe, auctioneer. He admitted having committed a certain offence, was convicted, and sentenced to a year's imprisonment. He is now at largo, the conviction hatting been quashed. Any English poet of the present that fonnd him self in Tennyson's chair would naturally wonder how the ? he got there. But his astonishment would be common place compared with O'K.'s . on finding himself .free. Every mother with but one sou should take care and call him Herculc3. Whether he is put in a stable or in a prison appears to be all one. ... A lady complains in the press that the music in St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, scarcely touches the standard of St. Roche at Paris or the Sistine at Rome. The boys are un certain, the tenors flat, the basses hollow, and the whole out of time. Fortunately, there are no altos, or matters might be still more complicated. This is a serious charge to make. Still, things might have been worse. There's a certain satisfaction in knowing that the fault does not lie with one or two here and there, but that everybody is out. It appears to be a sort of Dutch medley, where each person starts as it were on his own hook, being careful not to trespass on bis neighbour's melody, or work off a tune that any of his brother vocalists have tackled. This style of music has some advantages. When everyone's out, the audience or the congregation doesn't stay long in, so that things have a tendency to come right in the end. And the lady complains that the basses ' bellow.' 'Why, that's what they're for. The bass that won't bawl when, he gets a chance may be fit to 6ing in the street or even on the verandah of a public- house ; but he has no business in a choir. He discourages a congregation and tempts them to forget the service in their desire to get a good grip of him by the collar or by the nearest convenient portion of his system. * « # « Last week in the Sydney Supreme Court it came out that for close on seven ytara a Bondi house has had but one tenant — a ghost. From the earliest agos tenants of this class have been regarded with suspicion.. They have but themselves to blame. At this late period of the world's history it is unnecessary to enumerate their many shortcomings. Enough to. say that they bring down rente m the whole street, and show such an indifference to bailiffs that they've long been regarded as the landlords' worst enemies. The real difficulty cousiste not so much in letting them in, which is easy, as in putting them out. Once they take possession of a room or of a lobby, the only trustworthy means of ejecting them is by shifting the house. Directly the roof caves in and the daylight comes through, they enter once more on a wandering life — a sort of vagrant existence with no visible means of support — and swagger through the land in search of some untenanted chamber with blood stains cn the hearthstone, or, better still, Borne staircase down which an old miser slipped into eternity owing to a judiciously-placed banana skin on top. Another favourite place for spirits is a bedroom containing a table with a secret drawer and a missing will. Should the chimney be wide as well — so as to allow of immediate con cealment when the door is opened — with a loose pot to sit and squawk on, they ask no more. But although a good deal of uncertainty surrounds al I spooks and their doings, the appearance of the Bondi ghost is a mystery which deepens on being probed. It was long held that the Australian night air— like her summer noonday son — was fatal to shades. They contracted, withered, and died under it. Besides, the country is loo young for apparitions.' Spectres, like valets, are aristo cratic far nature, and disdain to attend on any bat the oldest families. If it takes three generations to make a gentleman, it takes thirty to make a ghost' — that is, one yon can depend upon to stick to the family, and be always on hand when neces sary. Nothing would arouse greater derision in the* Roofewood or Waverley cemetery than the idea of a banshee's making an exhibition of itself on an Australian fence or roof. Even the Irish Australians whose ancestors ran leprechannes on the Shannon, or the Scottish colonists whose forbears kept brownies on Ben Nevis, could never succeed in keeping the af fectionate things alive, over the Line. When once the latitude became a cipher the pig widgeons followed suit. Again, if an immigrant imp got over the voyage and landed safe in Sydney, it could never live seven years at Bondi, with a switchback railway running during the day and negro minstrels dancing in clogs at night. Personally, I am sceptical regarding this subur ban golfiin. Let the owns offer the house rent- free to a few of the unemployed for the balaee of the winter, with leave to make fires in all the rooms. Long before the spring acts in the ghost will have gone. Also the weatherboard washheuse and the fence. None bnt an invalid would credit the fact that it takes eight times the strength to go upstairs that is required for tee same distance on the lard. 