OUTLAW" & LAW-MAKER. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CHAPTER N.— Jensen's Ghost. " Well," she said. " Why " Why i" he repeated. "Do you know any people at TeebarV" " No, she answered, and blushed at one of her most painful reuolleetious which the liiimn DvrtlrHfi " A f. Imiaf. imf. now." u No, because tho person you once knew, and who lived there, is dead. Ho was a man called Jensen. I knew him very well. He had a station close by the township." "Yes," she said, in a stilled way. " He took to drinking, as you know, and killed himself." " I did nob know. Killed himself I" 41 As surely as any man who ever blew his brains out. JJe did not drink, did he, when you knew him ?" 44 No. Mr. Blake, I know what you mean, and it is cruel— it is wicked to blame me for that." She half rose in her agitation. 44 It wasn't inv fault that he " " That ho loved you. No, that was cer tainly not your fault. Thcro must bo a great many men who love you. But I was sorry for poor Jensen. He looked a stupid fellow when I know him, but lie was clever enough to write very decent verse. And he looked rather a weak crea ture, but lie was strong enough to be faith ful to tho one woman he ever loved." 44 What did ho tell you about ine? Don't be afraid ot hurting inc." 44 Ho told mo all that had ever passed between you — his version, of course, but it was so detailed that I think it must have been pretty near tlio truth. You encouraged him a good deal." 44 Yes ; I encouraged him." 44 1 think you were engaged toiim for two days ?" 44 1 — I said I would marry him — if I could liko him well enough." 44 And at tho end of two days — you didn't give it a long trial — you told' him that you had only engaged yourself for ait experiment to see what it folt'liko, and you threw him over." 44 Yes, that is true. I couldn't care for him enough." There was a silence. At last ho said, " I saw a good deal of Jensen. I did what I could to reclaim him, but lie said he had no faith in man nor woman, and no motive for living. Krom what I could gather, ho used to be a healthy-minded man, fond of sport and of work, and not disposed to take a morbid view of life. You will understand that I was naturally anxious to meet the lady who had been able to cllect such a change, but besides, all that he told me about you made mo feel that you would bo interesting." Klsio seemed to be strangling emotion. She spoke in a hard voice, cut once or twice with a dry sob, and with hor face turned from him. 44 1 know what you must think of inc. You must think that I am fair game for anybody. You must think that I am as bad as a woman can be. I am certainly not going to excuse myself. I only want to say that I was very young, and that I had never felt deeply about anything, and had 110 idea that anyone else could feel in that way. I want to say, too, that I had been brought up to think that 1 must nuirrv well 44 And Jensen was very well oil'. Yes, I know." 44 It is horrible. It is humiliating. It is utterly undignified. When I think of it my cheeks burn, and I loathe myself. Do you know," her voice dropped, though she spoke with passionate vehemence, 44 he is the only man — except my father — who has ever kissed me. I hate him for that." Blake uttered an exclamation of mingled surprise and sympathy. Ho had never dreamed of this odd kind of virginal pride in KIsio. Her curious unconvontionality, her impulsive speech, all that he had heard of her had prepared him for a dilTorcnt sort of woman. Klsic went on still in that hurried vehe ment way. 44 1 hated him tho day he did that, and I told him so. I suppose he told you that. I felt that I never wanted to see him again — to be taken possession of — that wasn't what I meant. It is quite true that I hud liad a fancy that it might be amusing to be engaged. I have always had a curiosity about life, about diilereiit kinds of experi ence. I thought that I should have an entirely new set of feelings, and that this was to be tho door to them. You can't imagine anything nioro childish, and stupid and ignorant. I don't know why I am telling you all this. I hate myself for doing so." 44 Don't do that," lie said in a different manner from his former one. 44 1 am very glad that yon havo toUl me." 44 1 have been trying to forget it all. 1 would never let myself think of it. I heard that be hud died, but I did not know how. As I got to know other men, and saw for how little flirtation counted, and how soon they got over disappointments of that kind, I got to think less about it. And then I never felt deeply about anybody, and how could I know " 44 That anybody might come to feel deeply about you? And so you have gone 011 ilirting with men and liking them, perhaps, until they too have wanted to take possession of you, and then that liereo tiling in you has roused up and made you cruel. You have never yet met your match — quite." The 44 quite " was an afterthought. He was thinking of Frank Ilallett. 44 1 hope," he went on, "that you won't find your match after you are married. That would be the worst misfortune that could happen to you." 44 Why do you say that?" sho asked. 44 Because all that you have told me makes me certain that you have the capacity for a feeling which, when it comes, will almost frighten you." 4> Could one be frightened of love?" sho said softly. 44 1 havo often wished that I could really love someone." 44 Don't wish it — unless you are quite cer tain that tho man you love is worthy of your love and capable of giving vou back all that you give— don't wish it unless you aro cer tain, too, that the man you love can marry you." She shrank together a little. 44 1 think wo had better go in," she said. 44 The dance will begin presently." He got up and gravely offered her his arm. 44 Miss Valliant, you aro going back soon to Leichardt's Town. Will you allow mo to call upon you and your mother?" 44 Yes, certainly, sheanswercd, and added, " We live 011 iimu Point." They walked towards tho house. Before they readied the verandah FIsie stopped and faced him. 44 1 am very sorry for what I said to you this evening," she said impul sively. 44 1 hope you will forget it." 44 1 am afraid that I can't promise to do that," lie answered. 44 Then at least you will not remind me of it." 44 Ah ! that of course lean promise. As far as lies in my power I will try not to re mind you of it." 44 Thank you. I think that I will sit down here. If you see Mr. Frank llallelt you will tell him whore I am?" Ho left her. She had not long to wait. Frank Ilallett was walking up and down with Dady Horace, and ho had seen her come back with Blake. They both came to her. 44 Klsio," Ina said, 44 what is tho matter?" "Nothing, "said kisio. 44 Why?" 44 You look scared somehow." 44 1 think it must bo because I have been seeing ghosts." said Elsie tremulously. 44 (.hosts ! repeated Lady Horace. Elsie did not answer. 44 It must havo been tho effect of the moon light in the garden," Baid Hallett. 44 Thoso pyramids of rhynca-sporum do look rather like white ghosts." Elsie burst into a laugh. 44 How liko you that speech was. You arc really a very comforting person, You always imd a natural and reasonable explanation for all one's vagaries, for all one's stupid superstitious fancies." 44 1 am glad," hu said gravely, 44 that you find me a comforting person, hut X don't think that is what yon liko best." 44 What is it that I like best?" 41 Something moro romantic. I know that I am a very prosaic kind of fellow. But perhaps that wears best in the long run, and most stupid, superstitious fancies do admit of a reasonable and natural explanation. They began to dance. The waltz with him was not quite like the ono witii Blake. She was conscious of this, and sho was angry with herself for being so. Why should a girl, when two men waltz equally well, feel a subtler intoxication in tlio. contact and joint motion with tho ono than with tho other ? They had only taken a few turns when she stopped him. 44 1 don't wan't to dance. I'm tired," They went out into tho verandah again. IIo was concerned. 44 Something is the matter with you." 44 No. Yes— everything is the matter." 44 Tell me, Elsie, "lie said. 44 Frank, if I ever give you a bad pain— if you are misled by your own fancies ami think me bettor and truer and more sincere than I am, and wake up to find that I am a vain, ambitions, mercenary girl, with no real thought for anyone but herself, don't say that I haven't warned you." 44 You havo warned me often enough, and I told you that I. was quite contented to Lake the risk. 1 can't bear you to talk like that, and yet I'm glad too." 44 Tell me why you are glad." 44 Because, if you weren't getting to care for mo a little, you wouldn't bo troubled at thu thought of the suffering you might cause me." ,41 am troubled— horribly troubled. And, of course, I care a little for you. I care u great deal, bub it isn't tho sort of caring I mean." 44 The sort of caring you mean is a romantic dream — tho glamor that never was on sea or land, but only in the imagination of romance writers. I don't mind entering tho liots with your Prince, Elsie dear. I can wait. Ho won't come along. Princes like that don't ride through tho gum-trees." 44 Now," she said seriously, " it pleases mo to hear you talk like that. It makes me feel that you are strong. I wish that you wero strong enough to carry me off and put an cud to my doubts for over." 41 Shall I try ?" 44 No, no. Give me my year. Frank, I do not want to care for you. I am grateful to you for loving me. You'll believe that." Elsie slept badly that night. They had danced till long past midnight, and she had tried to drown her guilty recollection of poor Jensen. Siie had danced again with Blake, and they had talked in the verandah after wards, not of personal topics. With a tact which sho appreciated he avoided allusion to their previous conversation — but of travel, of men and women and books, of life on the Luya and of tho wider life beyond. And she had danced with Trant, and ho had been very personal, and had expressed his admiration with a certain respectful bluntness which had amused her, uud had done more than any thing else to distract her thoughts from more painful subjects. She told herself that if he was a little rough lie meant no huVm, and that his roughness was of a more interesting kind than that of the Luya squatters in general. Klsio was not very fond of bush- ) men. She preferred the bank clerks and young civil servants of Leichhardt's Town 1 She had danced, too, more than once again ' with Hallett, and she was doing her very best to persuade herself that tho regard she felt for Frank Ilallett was the nearest ap proach sho should ever ge to love. And | then she had seen very plainly that Lady t tiarfib and her daughter were making up to tho Hnllctts, and that Frank was clearly an object of desire in matrimonial circles. It j was perfectly evident that Rose Gariit was in j love with him. Rose was another type of 1 Leichhardt's Town. She was not soft and slender and complex, liko Elsie, but was a great Juuocsqne creature, with calm blue eyes and quantities of iluxen hair, a down right sorb of girl, absolutely good-natured, a splendid horsewoman, a good tennis- player, always bright and smiling and equable, and in every way a desirable wife for a well-to-do squatter. Elsie did not actually dislike Rose, who did not want to give herself nirs, though she had always seemed to hold herself aloof in a calmly superior way from the lesser fry of Leichardt's Town. This was because of her father's position, and because she was always better dressed, and had carriages and riding horses, which she — poor Elsie — never j had unless some obliging admirer gave bcr a mount. Bub Elsie hated Lady Gariit with a holy hatred, for Lady Gariit had snubbed her on moro than one occasion, and had done all she could to keep Elsie out of tho Govern ment House set, promulgating tho report that she was fast and bad style, and even that sho rouged. Klsio would have done anything to annoy Lady Gariit, and it was ; very evident that Lady Gariit was extremely annoyed at Frank Hallett's devotion, j There were other ladies, too, before whom : 31sie was not displeased to parade her eon- quests. Shu could see that Mrs. Allanby was furious because she had sat out with Mr. Biako, and because Frank Hallett had forgot ten a dance for which he was engaged to her, while he in his turn was sitting out with Elsie. Bub Mrs. Allanby revenged herself by ilirting with Lord Horace. And then j there was Minna I'rydo, of Leichhardt's i Town, who was more on Elsie's social level 1 than Rose Gariit, who never lost an opnor- I tunity of, as she nut it, 44 spiting" Elsie : about her 44 beaux. Minna was dark and pretty, and vivacious, and was certainly not ! good style, and not at all in favor with the 1 more fastidious of the Leichhardt's Town ! matrons. Elsie was also rather pleased to : vex Mrs. Jem, who patronised her, and who, ! she knew, would have preferred Rose Gariit I for a sister-in-law. Those uncharitable motives had been more or less preponderant j all the evening, but in the stillness of hcr : chamber they melted into a rain of tears. , She did nob dare to cry out aloud, lest she ; should wake Ina. The two sisters shared a tiny verandah room, Lord Horace having been sent, with almost all the other gentle- j men, to the bachelors' quarters, where, judging from tho sounds of revelry that iloated on the night, he was doubtless enjoying himself. (To be continued.) 