The Sorceress. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XLVII. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; Bee had passed the whole day with Charlie, the Friday of the dinner party at Portmansquare. She had resisted as long as she could writing the letter which had brought so much excitement to Betty, and the passion with which he had insisted upon this, the straggle between them, the vehemence with whioh he had declared that he cared for nothing in the world but to see Laura once again, to thank her for having pleaded for him with his father, to ask her forgiveness for his follies, had been bad for Charlie, who lay for the re9t of the day upon the sofa, tossing from him one after the other the novels that were provided for his amuse ment, deolaring them to be " rot" or " rubbish." growling at his sister when she continued to speak to him, and reducing poor Bee to that state of wounded imbeoility which, is the lot of those who endeavour to please an unpleasable invalid, with the conviction that all the time they are doing more harm than good. Boe was not maladroit by nature, and she had the warmest desire to be serviceable (o her brother, but it appeared that she always did the wrong thing not only in the eyes of Charlie but in those of the nur3e, who came in from time to time with swift movements, bringing subordin ation and quiet where there had been nothing but irritation and resistance. And in this house, where she had been brought entirely for the service of Charlie, Bee did not know what to do. She was afraid to leave the rooms that had been given np to him lest she should meet some one on the stairs, or be Been, only to be avoided, as if her presence there was that of a ghost or an enemy. Poor Bee, wearing out the long hours of the spring afternoon with poor attempts to be useful to the invalid, to watch his looks (whioh he resented by frequent adjurations not to watoh him as a oat watohes a mouse), to anticipate his wishes (which im mediately became the last thiug in the world he wanted as soon as she found out the drink or got the paper for which be was looking), heard, or thought she heard, steps coming to (he street door, subdued voices in the hall, comings and goings half stealthy, noises sub dued lest she should hear. What did it matter whether she heard or not? Why should the master of the house be banished that she, 80 ineffectual as she had proved, should be brought to her brother's side ? She had not done, and could not do, any good to Charlie; all that she had done had been to remind him of Miss Lance, to be the medium of calling that disastrous person, who had done all the harm, back into Charlie's life—nay, of bringing her baok to this house, the inmates of which she had already harmed to the utmost of her power. That was all that had been done by Bee, and now her presence kept at a distance the one individual in the world who had the best right to be here. He came almost seoretly (she felt sure) to the door in the dusk to inquire after his patient, or to get his letters; or stole in, subduing his step that she might not be disturbed. Poor Bee ! It was very h>'tT i/> * The sole right of pablioation in QaoeosUnd o( "Tb.e Soroereu" h«a bran purottuwl bjr »he BrwbAiM N»w»paper Oompaof, Limil««U ' her to think that Aubrey Leigh should leave his own house because she was there. Some times flhe wondered whether it was some remnant of old, almost- extinguished feeling in his b/east whioh bad made him think that the Bight of Bee would do Charlie good—the sight of Bee for which her brother did not care at all, Dot at all; which was an annoyance and a fatigue to him, except when she had betrayed what was the last thing in the world she Bhould hate betrayed, the possibility of seeing again that woman who had harmed them all. If Aubrey had thought so, with some remnant of the old romance, how mistaken be had been! and it was intolerable for the girl to tbiuk that for the sake of thiß unsuccessful experiment he had been sent away from his own house. She placed herself in the corner of the room in which Charlie (to whom she was supposed to do good and bring pleasure) could see her least, and bitterness filled her heart. There were times in whioh she thought of stealing away, leaving a word for Mrs. Leigh to the effect that she was doing Charlie no good, and that Betty, who would come to-morrow, might perhaps be of more use—and returning forlorn to Kings warden to renew the life, where perhaps nobody wanted her very much, but where, at least, there were so many things which she and no one else was there to do. She was still in this depressed state when Mn. Leigh (who had evidently gone away also that the brother and sister might be alone and happy together) came back, looking into Charlie's room to ask how he was on her way upstairs to dress for dinner. " Better," the nurse said with her eyebrows. "Peevish—young lady musn't cross him— must be humoured—things not gone quite so well today." " You will tell me about it at dinner," said Mn. Leigh, and Bee went downstairs with a heavy heart to be questioned. Aubrey's mother looked cheerful enough. She did not seem to be unhappy about bis absence or to dislike the society of the girl who had driven him away. And she was very considerate even in her questions about the patient. "We must expect these fluctuations," she said, " you must not be oast down if you are not quite so triumphantly successful to-day." " Ob, Mrs. Leigh, lam deceiving you. I have never been successful at all. He did not want me—he doesn't care for me: and to stay here is dreadful, upsetting the house—doing no good." "My dear, thia is a strange statement to make; and you must not expect me to believe you in the face of facts. He was much better after seeing you last night." " Doing no good," said Bee, shakingber head, "but harm, oh, real barm i It was not I that did him good, it was telling him of some one, of a lady—Oh Mrs. Leigh, how am Ito tell you?" " My dear ohild 1 anything that you yourself know can surely be told to me. We were afraid that something about a woman was at the bottom of it, but then that is always the thing that is said; and typhoid, you know, means bad drains and not a troubled mind—though the one may make you susceptible to the other. Don't be so distressed, my dear. It seems more to your inexperience than it is in reality. He will get over that." " Mrs. Leigh," said Bee, very pale. " He has made me write to ask her to come and see him here." It was now Mrs. Leigh's turn to change colour. She grew red, looking astonished in the girl's despairing face. "A woman to come and see him, here! but your brother would never so insult the house and you—l am talking nonsense," she said, suddenly stopping herself, " and misconstru ing him altogether. It is some lady who has jilted him—or something of that kind." Bee had not understood what Mrs. Leigh's first idea was, and she did not see any oause for relief in the second. " I don't know what she did to him or what she has done to them all," the girl said mourn fully. " They all are the same. Papa, even, who does not care very much for ladies, generally—But Charlie, poor Charlie! Oh, I believe he is in love with her still, though she is twice as old as he is, and has almost broken his heart." " My dear," said Mrs. Leigh, " this must be something vory different from what we thought. We thought he had got into some dreadful trouble about a an altogether inferior person. But as it seems to be a lady, and one that is known to the family, and who can be asked to como here—lf you can tell me a little more clearly what the story is, I shall be more able to give you my advice." Bee looked at her questioner helpless, half distracted, not knowing how to speak; and yet the stovy must be told. She had written that fatal invitation and it could not be concealed who this possible visitor was. She began with a great deal of hesitation to talk of tlio lady whom Charlie had raved about at Oxford, and how ho was to work to please her; and how he did not work, but failed in every way and fled fron Oxford; and how her father went to inquire into the story; and how the lady had come to Colonel Kingsward at the hotel, to explain to him, to excuse Charlie, to beg his father to for give him." " But, my dear, she can't be so very bad," sftid Mrs. Leigh soothingly. " You must not judge her hardly; if she thought she had been to blame in the matter, tliut was really the right thing to do." "And since then," resumed Bee, "I think papa has thought of nobody elso ; he writes to her and telis her everything. He goes to see her; he forgets nbout Charlio and all of us; he has taken Betty there, and Betty adores her too. And to-night," cried Bee, the angry tears coming into her eyes," she is dining in Porhnan- squaro, dining with the Lyons as a great friend of ours —in Portman-squaro." Mrs. Leigh drew J3ec to her, and £,aye rwr a kiss of consolation. I think it was partly that the girl in her misery should not see tho 3inilc, which Mrs. Leigh, thinking that she now saw through this uot uncommon mystery, could not otherwise conceal. 14 My poor child," she aaid, " my rt«ar girl 1 this is hard upon you pince you dislike her so much, but I am afraid it L* quiie natural, and a thing that could not have be guarded against. And then you must consider that your father may probably be a better judge than yourself. I don't see any harm this lady has done except that porhaps it is not quite good taste to make herself so agreeable both to the father and son, but perhaps in Charlie's case that was not her fault. And I see no reason, my dear —really and sincerely as your friend, Bee—why you should be so prejudiced against a poor woman whose only fault is that everybody else likes her. Now isn't it a little unreasonable, when you think of it calmly yourself ?" " Oh, Mrs. Leigh!" Bee cried; the situation was so intolerable, the passion of injury and misconception so strong in her that she could only gasp in insupportable anger and dismay. " Bee, Bee! this feeling is natural, but you must not let it carry you away. Have you seen her ? Let me come in when Bhe is here, and give my opinion." "I have seen her three times," said Bee solemnly, " onoe at the Baths, and onoe in the Aoademy, and onoe at Oxford;" and then onoe more excitement mastered the girl. " Oh, when you know, who' she is! Don't smile, don't smile, but listen ! She is Miss Lance." "Miss Lance?" Mrs. Leigh repeated the name with surprise, looking into Bee's face. •• You must compose yourself," she said, " you must compoae yourself. Miss—— My dear, you have got over exoited, you have mixed things up." " No, lam not over exoited! lam telling you only the truth. It is Miss Lance; and they all believe in her as if the were an angel; and she is coming here." Mrs Leigh was very much startled, bat yet she would not believe her ears. She had heard Charlie delirious in his fever not so long ago. Her mind gave a little leap to the alarming thought that there might be madness in the family and that Bee had been seized like her brother. That what she said was actual fact seemed to her too impossible to be true. She soothed the excited girl with all her power. ••Whoever it is, my dear, you shall not take any harm. There is nothing to be frightened about. I will take care of you whoever it is." " I do not think you believe me," said Bee. "I am not out of my mind, as you think. It is Miss Lance—Miss Laura Lance—the same, the very same, that—And I have written, and she will be coming here.!? "This is very strange," said Mrs. Leigh. "It does not seem possible to believe it. The same—who oame between Aubrey and you? Oh, I never meant to name him! I was never to name him ; but how can I help it ? Laura, who was the trouble of his house—who would not leave him—who went to your father? And now your father ! I cannot understand it. I cannot believe that it is true." " It is true," said Bee, " but Mrs. Leigh, yon forget thai no one oared then except myself. They have forgotten all that now; they have forgotten what happened. It was only my business, it was not their business. All that has gone from papa. He remembers nothing about it. And she is a witch, she is a magioian, she has a devil—oh, please forgive me, forgive me—l don't know what lam saying. It has all been growing, one thing after another—first me —and then Charlie—and then papa—and then Betty. And now, after bringing him almost to death and destruction, here is Charlie, in thiß house, calling for hor, raging with me till I wrote to call her. Me!" cried Bee with a sort of indignant eloqnenoe. " Me! Could it go further than that ? Could nothing be more than that ? Me! and in this house." "My dear child," said Mrs. Leigh. " I don't wonder, I don't wonder—it is like something in a tragedy. Oh, Bee ! forgive me for what is first in my thoughts. Was she the reason, the only reason, for your breach with my poor Aubrey? for at first you stood by him, and then you turned upon him." " Do not ask me any more questions, please. I am not able to answer anything. Isn't it enough that all these things have happened through this woman, and that she is coming here?" Mrs. Leigh made no farther question. She saw that the girl's excitement was almost beyond her control, and that her young mind was strained to its utmost. She said, half to herself, "I must think. I cannot tell in a moment what to do. I must send for Aubrey. It is his duty and mine to let it go no farther. You must try to compose yourself, my dear, and trust us. Oh, Bee," there were tears in her eyes as she came up to the girl and kissed her; "if you oould but have trusted us—in all things! I don't think you ever would have repented." But Bee did not make any response. Her hands were cold and her head hot. She was wrapt in a strange passion and confusion of human chaos and bewilderment—everything gone wrong—all the elements of life twisted the perverse way; nothing open, nothing dear. She was incapable of any simplo unmingled feeling in that confusion and medley of every thing going wrong. Mrs. Leigh, a little disappointed, went into the innor room, the littlo library, to write a. letter —no doubt to oonsult or summon her son—from which she was interrupted a few minutes later by a faint call, and Bee's white face in the doorway. " Mrs. Leigh, papa will come to-morrow, and he will take ub away; at least, he will take me away. I—l shan't be any longer in any one's way. Oh, don't keep him apart from you— don't send any one out of the house because of me 1" [TO BK CONTINUED.] Last year alone the British and Foreign Blind Association embossed 8500 books in Enplish, Trench, German, Latin, Greek, and oilier languages, for the use of blind readers. About 250 seeing volunteers are, we are in formed, engaged in writing out the first copie3 of books iii Braille for this association, and seventy paid blind writers are employed in inakinc; copie?. Besides these, the associcition continues to publish its two magazines for the blind—" ProKrc^s," started l)y the late Dr. T. R. Armitaso in 1881, and "Playtime," a magazine in nneontractctl Braille for children, which made itß first appearanco last summer. 