THE . CAR)) SHARPERS' DAUGHTER. JF love at first eight be possible, I certainly' was in love with her. lb was in my.,,y6\ltig days, ..when . I Was visiting Paris for 'my amusement. . I had been strolling about the city all the morning, ..and to'wards 'noon I found myself in the neighbourhood of the Faubourg St. Oormaln, Whim I 'caught- sight of .the beautiful ' unknown. " "" '. ' I stood still. the passed mo, and our eyes mot. , ' Her look wis cold and .haughty thousand-'-! turned awny,.. feeling rather abashed, and not daring to follow 'her. i For days arid dabs I lingered about' in the hope ot meeting her again, but without success; and at last I made Up my mind that I would - try 'to forget that I had ever seen her, ' At about that time I made the acquaint ance of M.: Auguste' Verribr, He'was a per son' of venerable aspect, with long white hail' and a patriarchal beard. His appear ance did not betoken wealth; but his gener ally Cultivated bearing Suggested that he had seen better days. AVe. first' 'met in a tafi to which I occasionally resorted, aid I soon found from his conversation that he was a man uf considerable edubatidri. After we liad rneb'some half-a-dozen times, I happened to Mention ' that1 1 , took ' great Interest in niutteis pSrtainihg to art. Ho then informed rp'o that he Was a painter by prCfe6Hion, and. ltttodcstly Invited mo to accompany - hirii.tO his studio and inspect someofbis wprk'A' : V '"' . I assented, "and he conducted me to a crazy, old, Half-'timbefed house, long since pulled down, inhe "Faubourg St.' Gorradin. 'Here, having ascended to the topmost story, we entered the. stu'dio, winch "presented a rafher romarkableuppearance. - - There were numbers of piptureB, some ivith frames "and;' some without, stacked against. the wallfi ; 'antl rows of dusky shelves, with books, casts, und Human bones heaped upon them. In 'one corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere, and in the corner, diagon ally facing it. a complete skeleton hung sus pended from ho.oks in tbe wall. This, being on the same side as the window, was barely distinguishable1' in the deep shadow, and presented a- strange, spectre-like appear ance. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a complete suit of armour, and grasp ing in its extended fist a truncheon, reminding mo of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining corner stood another figure, ..whioh was covered with a largo mafia of crimson drapery, apparently toiprotect it from the dust. All about tho room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of' old armour, with swords, pistols, halberts, sand other' weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paintings, which were not indeed works of vory high merit, M. Verrier. asked me if I would take a cup of coffee. I. assented, and he rang a small handbell. " In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee and cigari-ri"' upon a small fray. A thrill of delightful surprise ran through me as I recognised in her tho unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed mo oh that , memor able morning... - I "Permit riui," ,«aid .he— " Monsieur Clayton, my _ daughter. Mademoiselle Annette Verrier!" I bowed, and the young lady returned my obeisance with, consummate grace, blushing- slightly as ehe: did so/ Then, she with drew, after hanging us our coffee and cigar ettes. ; . ,r..j /. ... - I prolonged my stay rather inordinately, in the .h.ope.hat Mdjlo. .Verrier would reappear; but eWdid not, - and 1 took my. leave at lopgthprosolved to use every means for becoming better acquainte'd with her. One day I met M. Verrier in the caf as beforehand our - conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned .that I was fond.of ecarli, -and asked him if he ever played. i. "Alas! not now, monsieur," replied he. " For you see I have to be.at work every hour of the' daylight ; and my physician does not permit that Igo out in the- evening, on account of iny asthma, so I am obliged to givo up my game." "But surely, monsieur," said I, "your friends might play with me in your own rooms " I have no friends," said he, "who oare to 'spend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, no 1 most persons can find moro lively diversions than that. ho matter ; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter." I liih ted prcttv strongly - that I at least would bo only . too happy to play with him. v . ' "Well then, monsieur," said he, "s'"»o you are so good as'to say so, if you will name any eireniug that shall be agreeable to you, it-will give me great pleasure to take a hand with you." I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased, " Shall we say nine o'clock then," said he. " Aiid if you will do me the honour to sup with me " ' I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette— should convorse with hor, and should be able to strengthen the favourable' impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier roso to' leave the cq/V, mutter ing iii a hnlf-nudible tone as he did so : "I must remember to get some cards, for I have not a paok — so long since I have played !" " fray do not trouble yourself, monsieur," I exclaimed, " for; as it happens, Ihavetwo new packs at my notel." - Ho thanked me, and walked out. Just theii .the uroprietor of tho cafe, a fat, jovial 'fellow, 'Avno had'beon removing'some glasses near.us uring our conversation, turned to me with asniuo— - " Monsieur must be rich,?' he remarked;' " to play with M. Verrier." . "Indeed!" " Ay. For it 'is lus humour to play.bigb, Alsoitis his'hhmo'ur to'tvim" What did I care, for that ? Even if I losb a'fqyv 16uis,' ;;tK'e,': interview with' Annette wouid.;.moro than repay'' tho' sacrifice. :I resolved to humour M. Verrier for one even :iiijt:flt .least. !, .'."v , » ' ' The time came", and on my arrival I was ushered' by my host into a small and barely- .furnished room, -where a table was laid for two. . Our supper was very simple ; it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out' our wine. She was paler than usual, and the absence of colour in her cheek , rather served to heighten the indescribable air "of noblesse that pervaded all lipr.movements. . I now had to submit to a disappointment ' for which I had .beea" wholly unprepared. Holding out lier hand to mo, she wished'mo ton, tori. She wjis(; going to retire for the rest pf the evening.' ..' :. It might have been partly owing, to the wine, but I felt unusually bold, and as I took'tho lily hanli in my own I pressed it to ; my, lips. : ; _ ."So kind of you, "she murmured, softly. ' 7 " She is an angel 1" Isaid to myself, " ah angel of gentlehees and filial affection. She ' has no thoOght-no care for herself; she only studies her father's happiness." ' She, turned, to go, ana— I hm-dly knew howl hervod myself to say "it— I. wondered at iny own. temerity afterwards : " You are quitting iny sight, mademoi selle," I exclaimed,' :in impassioned tones,' -'" bub your image will rJmnin enshrined in toy heart for ever." o'V4n?iwfkryal of sl(lmee then ensued. ' ly companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk, I was, thinking, of Annette,- I now told myself that I loved her— yes.tlils feeljtig must -bp love, for; it .;»« founded on esteem. . - ' , I " Come, then, monsieur, said M. Verrlor, ! at length ; " shall we play ?" I I absented, and ho led the. way to the ' studio; . - Everything there, was preoisely us I had seen it on the previous occasiou. M; Verrier motioned me.to a .chair, wheii-b I seated roysolf facing . tho easel, which was oovcred- with a large white" wrapper. Behind it loomed the mysterioiis figure in armour, While the Appollo was on my. light and the skeleton on iny left. 11. Terrier now removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view ah unfinished iskelbli, in oils, of his daughter Annette. As I gazed at tbe portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from mo. - M:- Verrier smiled, and drawing up a small table . towards, me, . placed wine nnd glasses upon it) and took his seat facing me. The game commenced ; we played high; and I seemed to lose about three hundred francs in no time. . . I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attontioii to the cards, portly from a desire' to indulge my opponent in' liie humour, but chiefly because my thoughts were -running upon Annette, and my eyes continualty wandering to her -portrait upon the easel M. Verrier gathered up my stake with the cool indifference of the' veteran game ster. - "It is bettor to play thus than in- com pany, -where they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play! Is it not, monsieur?" said he, ' . . I expressed concurrence ; but there was something iii his tone that I did not like! it seemed to cbnyey a'covert ' sheer. at my , want of .skill,, and I determined to pjaymy vci-y best- -. I now won' a few games, and II. Verrier, for the. first time challenged me to bet. I did so, .'and lost heavily! The artist played ins if ho had known every card in my hand— a species pf knowledge that is of trdbscon- dent value at e'earli. ' 1 began to suspeot thatl ivas being made the victim of some trickoryl though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought with me, and it W'ns therefore impossible that tho backs could have been marked in any wuy. What was the secret of M. Verrior's success! I resolved to watcii him, und, if possible, find out. My hand consisted oi the. queen, eight nnd seven of dubs, and tho knave and nine' of diamonde. Iii taking lip these cards 1 had scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet I could see, in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier, tho reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. . Angry and. suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that tho man before me was the father of Annette, I tunW sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding fivo cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappearing under the folds of tiio crimson drapery tlmb covered tho figure in the corner behind, me. I had seen the faces of tho cards. They were the quoen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view — not a lay figure, but the majestic forin of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, holding in Iter hand the cards with which lie had- been telegraphing, — Abridged from The Ha'porih. A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. v.. To love is one of the natural' propensities of the human race, and it.jnay be truly said that affieotion exists, in groater or lesser degrees, in many of the domestic animals. I offer this sentence as a short introduction to what is to follow. I. have, always found it v6ry convenient to start out with a sentence or two before following it up with others. An article which does not . do this does not possess miioh inherent literary merit.:., . As tny opening sentence impliedly admits, a disposition to hatois contrary to all natural law, but I have novcr been able to ascertain -what tribunal has cognisance of such, con trariety 'or what penalty is- affixed when a verdict of guilty has been brought in. I have never hated any one, and I have made it a -point to lavish my affections on certain persons, specified below, who 1 know are in need of my love, because they aro not loved by the cola world generally. . The person who comes in for the largest share of my pure affection is the man who writes hiu liumo so that'I can it read it. My love for this man is'unbounded, and so are the endearing epithets I bestow upon him. Sometimes his written name resembles an unfinished plah of a trestle-work bridge, and sometimes it looks like the path of a- forest lire. If we judge this man by . his chirogruphy, he is an enigma, nnd— we give him up. The next person I ardontly love without- his being aware of it is th'e individual who asks me if I havo rend this book or that book, or some other book, and when I tell him I havo not, evinces surprise, aiul regards me as an inferior being. lie is a lovable muu to me. Then coines the landlady, who, because I twice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it, und afterwards passes it to me frequently, keeps it on tho table meal after meal, and informs her friends and rolations that lam fond of it. Well-mean-, ing lady, she shall never know howl love her ! r The next in order aro1 the persons of limited intelligence who argue the great questions of the day, and eet forth plans for saving the country in my .presence. One asserts that the application of electrioity to machinery in the place of steam will throw the miners out of employment, and the other declares that it will take just as much coal to make the olcctri city. And so they argue. X wish they would stop long enough for me to tell tb em how I love them. And tho rest of my love, belongs to tho college girls who iiivite me out to spend the! ovening, und then indulge in mysterious conversations respecting a ahum orucqunint- ance positively unknown to me; They are good at entertaining— themselves! HE HAfJ COLD FEET. A . boardiko-hoijfle on Cottage Grove- avenue was tho theatre of a very unpleasant incident a few evenings ago.. - One of the boarders— a young man of about twenty-seven— is a confirmed hypo- ohondrlac. ' -Among bis multitudinous' ills he is a martyr— at least so he says— to cold feet at bed time. A certain Br. Hull told him that people so affected should, before going to bed, bend over und smartly slap the calves for about five minutes. This struok the young man to be about as sensible a piece of odvicg nB lie had ever heard. So he put it to the test on Saturday night. Ho bent over and pounded away at himself,- and all the time made a noise witli his mouth like the hiss of escaping steam.. This noise atracted the attention of one of the boarders, and he .told the landlady that there must be a fire in that room, because he could hear it eiz, and could hear a snapping and a popping going on up there. The land lady didn't pause to argue. She caught up a pail and plunged for the place nt onco/ The boarder followed With a gignntio broom. They precipitated -themselves into the room together. Thead vent was so sudden that the boarder, who. was warming himself, had no chance to dodge, and there was too much momentum on the landlady and the either boarder to permit them to recover themselves in .time, So there was a' collision. The landlady saw it coming, and instinctively held the pail in front of Tier. But the disciple . of Hall" didn't see it. as his back was to the door and bis head nearly to the floor, und before he, oould look up on hearing the door fly' open, the viaitors wei-e upou him, and the contents of the pall over him, and the three, with the pail and olothes brush, oame down together. How the land lady extricated herself and' got; out of the room as quickly as she did ivill always remain a mystery to the two nieii who stood thei'o abd 'glared' at each' other fob some fifteen miiiutee..' >.7.' s- . 