OUR AMERICAN LETTER. JACK DEMPSEY Matched With Billy Smith XBACEY TO THE MONT. A Dearth of Pugilism. GRKEDON AND 'TltAOEY GONE ? EAST. Tho Coney Islnud Club. FITZSIMMONS and CHOYNSKI. What Joo Goddard Lost. C011BETT & MITCHELL. . Bad Times for Boxers. JOHN I. SULLIVAN JUGGED. Herb. Goddard's Illness. THE M/CAIITTMA BLANCHE FIGHT. Tho Australian Wins Handily.. Fllzslmmons Won't licet Choynski— But is Anxious to Meet Corbett — Corbett's Success as nu Actor— Hilly M'Cnrly and Dan Crcudon— The Latest Australian Contingent— Martin Denny Matched. (Specially Written for tiie ''Referee.') San Francisco, May 25. If' tho readers of tho IIefekee havo boon looking; forward to a budget of intorostiuR sporting nuws by this mail from Ainorica, I ain afraid that they will bo sorely disappointed, for tlio host I can do is to rocito tho many tribulations of Australian pugilists now re siding in this city. Nover was thoro such a dearth of sporting sxeitonient uar«, aud I doubt it tho situation Ban uvor bo worse. Two wooks ago Aleck Greggains, tho Sun ITrnncUco middloweight, who wont East six months ago to ronow his uufinishod battlo with Buffalo Costcllo in this city, returned homo thoroughly disgustod with liis oxperienco in tho East. Ho says tho situation tlioro IS ENOUGH TO DRIVE TIIE ORDINARY TOalLIST TO HARD WORK, nnd I boliovo him, for I have scon sovoral luttora lately from prominent sporting men in Now York, who say thoro is little hopo for a revival of fistic sport thsre. It is a singular fact that a series of deaths in the ring throughout tho country wna re sponsible groatly for tho wano of tho sport. Firnb a dentil occurred iu tho local ring, then a flghc in Now Orleans ended fatally, aud tho feeling against futuro fighting thero had hardly abated when v SEVERAL FATAL ENCOUNTERS OCCURRED in Now York, Buffalo, and several other placos whero glovo contests woro booming. Now wo havo loaruod that you havo lmd your sot-back, which practically loaves tho match seeking pugilist iu a vory bad hole. BILLY SMITH 'AND JACK DEMPSEY. Tho Coney Island Club,howovor,is still alivo, but it in showing nono of that activity that characterised tho club a fow months ago. You will probably remombor that shortly nf tor 'Hilly Smith, tho lloston welter-weight, defeated Tommy Williams, your champion, tliu Coney Island Club offorod Jack Dompsoy a match with tho wiunor, and a bit of intcro.it was suddenly developed among tho Eastern sports as to whether Dempsoy would accept. Ho did, and promptly, too, and was prepar ing to go to Now York to sign articles, WHEN SMITn'S WIFE DIED, and negotiations woro declared off. Sinco then, howovor, Smith has notified his intontion of nchting Donipsoy in o'ght wooks, and thoro will probably bo no difficulty in bringing tho mon together. Thoro was a timo whon a match for Dompsoy would havo been hailed with croat delight. Now, howovor, many of his formor frionds havo oxprosBOtl rogrot that lio has again decidod to enter tho ring, for thoy aro afraid that his Waterloo in Now Orleans two years ago will bo ropoated. Thoro is a lot of faith in Smith in Eastern sporting circles, and thoro aro dozons of mon who woro formerly willing to stnko tboir pile on Dempsoy ugaiust anyone, who aro willing to givo 8LIOHT ODDS ON SMITH. Tlio latter is a romarkably good man, who possesses wonderful staying qualities and hittipg powers, and ho is just tho kind of tiian who is apt to do, up Dempsoy in vory short ordor. Even should this mateh not bo arranged, Dempsoy will not havo far to look for another, TOMMY TRAOEY IB WILLING AND READY TO MEET HIM, providing tho weight question is satisfactory. Tracey, who is now in the East, recently cut loose from Manager Harrison, late of the Pacific Club, who brought him and Dan Creedon hither under control, and in now out on his own hook. Harrison recently disappeared from the city, and the next heard of him was from New York, where he was trying to got a match for Tracey. The latter, however, got tired of waiting, and decided to do a little scrimmaging himself, and went East with Martin Denny and book- makers Barney Allen and Joe Harris. CREEDON IS STILL HERE, but a few days is likely to find him bound westward, for there is nothing here for him to do. Tracey aud Creedon have two earnest workers in their behalf in Allen and Harris, and if there is a possibility of a match they will get it. They propose to push Tracey's claims for a match with Dempsey, Smith, Ryau or Austin Gibbons, who are at present in the East waiting for the highest bid. i Joo Goddnrd'fl brother Herbert roturnod threo weeks ago from Chicago, whoro HB LEFT BIO JOE OX HIS UPPERS. Horbcrt says Joo baa given up all hopos of trettint: a match, and it would not aurpriso many lfho soon mado tracks for homo. Tho big follow has boon tolling his Chicago frionds that HE LOST -Clfl.OOO in tho rocont bank failures in Australia, a statemotil. that can not bo voriUcd horo, and can bust bo loft to your ott n conjscturo. GoJdiird'B defeat by Smith was an awful fall for tho Hnrrior olmmpiou, and ho in Badly oipori(3iiciu» tlio runalU thuroof now. lin bnitlior. Hortiort, is a wreck of bin formor self. Aethma haH played liavoo with his system, und lio lqoka as if ho had ONE TOOT IN Tiin ORAVE. Ho is ohnorf nl, howovor ; and liko many othor invalida ho Rtill hiu hoppa of ultimato rocovory from tho effects of the dimigreoablo ailmont. BOB FITZSIMMONS still keeps himself before the public by talk ing, although it must be admitted that he is yet to to called down on anything that he has said. It is his custom to tell how he will beat this one and that one, but just about the time the sports expect to see him turned up on his predictions he fools them by turning his opponents' toes up. Fitz is still knocking about on the Eastern Circuit, putting heads on those who are suckers enough to go up against his hard fists. The Coney Island Club has been very anxious to give him an engagement, but he is hard to suit, and men of his calibre are scarce. Alex Greggains, before leaving the East, was a prominent candidate by personal persuasion to meet Fitz, and the latter was agreeable, but it appears that the Coney Island Club DOES NOT ESTIMATE GREGGAINS' CHANCES against the Champion very highly, nor does the general public, for that matter, although Greggains is very certain of his ability to deprive the lanky Bob of his honors. If Greggains really wanted a match he could got it with Dan Creedon, who has been bothering him for one ever since he arrived in this country. The Californian, however, does not appear anxious to meet him, and since his return from the East he has not had a word to say about Creedon. The Coney Island Club would give about $3000 for A MATCH BETWEEN FITZSIMMONS AND CHOYNSKI, but Fitzsimmons has declined to meet him. When asked several days ago in New York if he would fight Choynski, Fitzsiminons replied, "Not much; I have done with heavy-weights. Let any of them get to the middle-weight limit and I'll fix them, but heavy-weights, never", and he appears firmly resolved in this matter. Strangely, however, he is willing to meet Corbett, for he argues that if he lost the battle he would still retain his middle- weight title, and would besides have the short end of a very large purse, which would be the only means of getting these two men together in the ring. CHOYNSKI AND "UNCLE TOM" JACKSON Choynski is still travelling with Jackson in "Uncle Tom's Cabin", and getting a good salary. I don't think I am wrong in saying that Choynski is over anxious to fight so long as his present lucrative position holds out. Jackson and he are great friends, and they relish each other's companionship. So far as the colored champion is concerned, I suppose he will continue his present engagement until the end of the year, and then permanently re- tire, for there does not appear a ghost of a chance of his GETTING A MATCH WITH ANY OF THE RING NOTABLES, and particularly with Corbett, the one he would most desire to meet again. Onco in a whilo Jackson is hoard from by his friends in this city, but ho has littlo to say of fighting in his lottors. Occasionally 1111 Eastern telegram announces his arrivnl in some town, preparatory to showing, uud tho first subject tbo scribos interviow him upon is Mitchell aud Uorbott. Of tho former ho bus littlo to say further than ho will bo itcfoatod by Oorbott, and ot tho lattor ho tells tliu old, old story of how lia. has tried and triud iu vain to foroo him into a fight. Poor Potor, his prospects 01100 so bright, ars now blighted. Pity for him, for 110 pugilist living baa proved himsolf moro dosorvinjg of recognition. ' A fair field aud no favor' has ovor boon his motto. JOHN Ii. AT HIS OLD OAMK3. Koforonco to thn big follow reminds mo that John L. Sullivan is again in hot wator. Last week, as has ofton benu hU custom, ha brutally assaulted a lawyor in Portland, Mttino. Ho oaonpod to Bungos, whoro ho was arrested and taken back to Portland to auswor criminal and civil charges pending against him thore. By tlio timo tho big bruto gets through fighting, according to IJlack stono, bo'll bo roady to cry quits, I am thinking.' Sullivan's partnor in formor championship honors— Jaok JU'Auliffa— has also been iu a bit of troublo, but, as might bo oxpoctoil, it is of a financial nature. Ho recently began a tour of tho country undor tho mauagomout of Duncan B. Harrison, tho playwright who mado John L. Sullivan famous as an actor. Harrison wroto a play suitablo to M'Auliffo's tastes. It was a gallery pieco, witlr Jl'Auliffo in tho loading roie, and iuoludod a realistic representation of tho running of tho Brooklyn Handicap in ono of tho acts. Everything went protty smoothly for a numbor of weoks, until tbo company roaehod Donvor, on its way to this city, whero it pro posed to oujoy a week's stand. Tho samo week, howovor, that tho real Brooklyn Handi cap was decidod, aud Diablo, a 30 to 1 shot, captured tho stakes, m'auliffe's combination collapsed, and the theatro hero received notico to cancol its engagement. . . ' . Jl'Auliffo was to havo showed the wook following tho opening of Jim Corbett in ' Gontleman Jack,' which mado its ap pearanco horo on Monday, May 22, at tho California boforo a crowded iiouso. Tho lattor is dostinod to bo a far greater success dramatically than Sullivan. . Ho has always had a leaning toward tho stago, and in wrappod up in tho show, which is, in a grout many respects, an iuterosting ono of its sort, butof courao tho charactor.i aro not so woll sustained as thoy could bo with a better class of talout. Financially, however, it is almost on a pur with some of tho best pieces on tho Amorican boards at tho present timo, for tho houses nro crowded to thoir utmost capucity nightly. , . ? . ... It is strange what a footing tho Amori can pugilist has gained boforo tho foot lights, but I am afraid that tho theatre- going public will SOON TIRE OE THIS SORT OF PLAY-ACTING, and the pugilist will havo to adopt somo now rolo to capturo the dollars. THE BILLY M'CAKTr-LA BLANCHE FIOHT. Thero has boon only 0110 ovont during tho mouth that lias furnished a diversion for tho sporting mind, and that was tho fight bctwocu Billy M'Carty, your formidablo old; middlo woight, and George La Blanche, Dempsoy 's first conquoror, ' which took placo in tho Crescent City Club, of Now Orleans, on tho night of May 18. Of eour.10 M'Carty won. Auyono with tbo loast ability to jutigo tho merits of tho two men would havo picked him as a winner, for it has always bcenconcedcd by tho sports in this city. that Mae, with a man of his own size, would surely provo a winnor. Ho has fought a number of bard fights in 'Frisco, but with tho exception of tho ono with Jack Dompsoy, ho has always boon handicapped by cither woight or hoight, aud Bomotimoa both. Woight, liowovor, cut little figure with him whon bis opponent wa3 short enough to roach, and hoclovorly demonstrated this fuct in his fight with La Blauuhe. Tlio Marino onlcred tho ring 01b ovorwoight, and had to forfoit to M'Carty. ' Tho Australian, ns has boon his custom, ontorod tho ring firat, looking , IN THE PINK OF CONDITION, and his rucgod appearance won him many admirers boforo tho game bogau. Tho fight was for SOOOdol, and that tho Australian was tlioro to. win it if ho could was ovidout by tho way ho wont about tho job.' ' ?. ' '.???'.;?'??. :':' .?'-.. In tho first round La Iilanoho led with tho intention probabjy of drawing his opponont within tba uncomfortablo roach of his woll known dangorous right-hand awiug, i but M'Carty was too quick for him, and got away nltor returning tho loud without boing touched. His heel and too work waa pronounced vory clover, and waa loudly applauded by tho spectators, und proved a groat source of unuoy anco to La Ulancho, who always wuuta a man tofigjiteloso tohimtowiu. Finally in tho latter part of. tho round ho got M'Carty going, and, forcing him to tho ropes, smashed him sevoral times on tho stomach, but tlio blows did not appear to bavo much effect on tho hardy old boxor;-' :. ? ? ?':.....;. In tlio nocond round M'Cartby startod to work, and there were aomo lively oxcliangoa. Both landed thoir lofts, and suddonly M'Carly marly floored his opponent with a good awing on tho head. Tho men wore fighting hard when tlio gong soundod, audit was momentarily cxpoctud by many that ono or tho other would receive liia quiotus. M'Carty took a dacidou load in tbo third round, nud acorod aomo good blows on Lr. Blanuho'a bullet-shaped head, aud finally BEST HIM PLOUNDKHJNO ON TUB TLOOB with a woll swung right on tho car. Tho Marino camo up slowly and distressed, and allowed his oppnnont to do tbo fighting fur tho balance of tho round. In tho fourth round tlio Marino resented as boat ho could M'Ciirty'H dntormiuod onslaught, but tbo latter was too xtrong and quick for him, and kept up nn [iggroxsivo lino of tactics throughout tho round, which ended docidedly in his favor. In the fifth La Blanclio'n wind wan badly tampered with, nnd ho nhowed his dislike to tho body puuishmont by ropoatedly hugging nil bo'.vola, but finally caught M'Carty ou the law with tlio right, which rattled I ho Auitra ian'a tooth. Tliu round ondud with both men fighting liorooly, although M'Curty wuu fur moro fit to ytand the mlly. Tho nixlh round cmu.i uoar being tlio lust. La Blanche lmd boon badly pumped out iu tho proviuus round, and was wary of M'Carty, who wi-nt ut him viciously. A homy loft, follan-cd liy M'Oarty'n short right, firm swing on tho fueo, got tliu Marino mol ing ; whilo u. Heeond dono aunt him Ktuggoring up nguiiiHt th» rojiM, nnd but for thoir sup port hu wouhl certainly havo gone down, Sparring for wind kept tho crowd in a Bintu ut' oxcitod expectation oarly in tliu sovunth, but it devolupud nothing iu tho hotting lino. Many thought that M'Carty's hard work iu tho sixth round had mado him potor nut, but they wero disappointed, for HE CAME UP WITH RENEWED VIOOR in tho oighth, and onlivouod maltors— at loast for tho crowd— by landing hoavily on La lllauolie'H oya sovoral limes, uud otherwise demonstrated to tho Marino that bo was not thoro for play;' ' ' ' ~ In tho ninth, La Blauclio triod to knock M'Carty off his foot with a heavy right, but .ho lattor waa on tho nlort, aud avoided tho blow whilo rotroatlng. Thou ho turnod to and jabbod La lilauqho in the mouth, banged him on tho head, and then knookdd himdo\rn. Tho Marino presented a sorry night. . Iu tho tenth tho paco was bolter than ovor, with M'Carty in tlio lead. Ho forced .L11 Blancho all over tho ring, jabbiug him un iiiorcifully, with tho hopes of gottiug an opou inf for his right. In -tho oioycnlh M'Carty ropeatod, hut in tho twelfth La Blanoho surprised him by an aggrc^aivo fight, during which ho lauded several times with his left 011 Mao's head, and ovonod up matters considerably. Tlio thirtoonlh round, howovor, found M'Carty, etilt froeh ami strongur than -his opponent, whom ho pursued continuously. Ho knoukcrt tho Mnriuo into a cornor with a punch iu the fitomnch, aud no soonor was ho up thuu M'Cnrty knocked him down again with a blow on tho bead. In tho fourteenth La Blancho was at tho moroy ot M'Curty, who knocked him all ovoc tho ring, but hu managed to como up for tho fiftcouth. and tho only thing saved him was M'Cnrty e short wind. Tho men clinched Bovoral timoi, und fell, and finally M'Carty sent homo a heavy tight, and tho Marino fell,, but wai up before timu was counted. Tlio sixteenth round was, hawover, tho last. M'Carty, kuewing that he had his man going, ruibod him from the start and floored him. Just as tho Marino got on his feet M'Carty nearly kuooked him through tho ropes. La lll.inoho mado a desporato effort to iVht fast,' but ho was too weak to ovou defend himself, and with .1 good opeuiug, M'Carty landed his riijht, ond La Blanche went down again. This tiuio lio was unnulo to riso, and at tho cud of ten second* M'Carty's frionds and admirers woro crowding about him iu his cornor, con gratulating him on tho decision just awarded to him by the referee. The New Orleans sports doclarod tho fight 0:10 of tho bust they had ovor witnossed. Now they aro talking of ' MATCUINa M'CARTY WITn CREEDOX, and I don't think thoy will biwo ranch troublo in arranging tho match, for if thoro is one strong quality in the two mon it is their willingness to fight, and fight often, too. MICK DUNNE GETS A FIGHT. Goo. Allon, tho Australian who rocontly fought a dosporato but unsuccessful battlo with Cliarloy Turner iu Carson City, is now tho manager of a newly- organised club in Uono, Nevada, about a hundred miles from Carton, aud ho undertakes to pleaao tho sports of that email railroad junction 011 May 27 with a fight botwoon Frank Purcoll, who has fought a good many tights 011 this coast, aud Mick Dunne, ouu of tho trio of Aus tralians who arrived horo two steamers ago. Allon, despito his previous hard luck hero, appears to bo iu clovor uow. The Nevada sports who witnessed thoi Rallnnt fight ho ruudo against Turner took quito a fancy to him, and it was through his popularity that ho got backing to start out on his new venture. Keno is destined to offer some relief to tho pngilist who is willing to fight for a small purso, unless tho citizens of that town gotoue of their peculiar fits. Iu tho past thoy havo frequently been stirred up over these mattors, which thoy considered damaging to public morals, and moro than once they have bauded together as a vigilauco euminittee, and sent a brief but polito invitation to individuals to leavo towu. If they should concludo that boxiug matches weru demoralising, Idaresay manager Allen would have to follow the courso pursued by many before him — that is, quit town at tho first convenient opportunity. : AUSTRALIANS ON THE WALLABY. It ia protty hard now to keop track of tho' numerous Australians who woro formorly quartored hero. Tho majority of them aro Kcatterod about in tho North-west, aud thoy do littlo Corresponding with local sports. I did, howovor, rco a lotter several days ago written by old Jim Burgo to Joo Hurting, Peter Jackson's former timokoopor. BUltOE WAS THEN IS BUTTE CITY, but ho said ho did not propose to remain thoro long. Tho prospects of a match iu that mining town which presented such a pro mising outlook for tho fighters a fow months ago Burgo said aro now vory discouraging, and ho intended to go East by easy stages. From Now York, if ho. fails to, get a match thoro ho will cross the pond to Eugluud nnd chivllongo.hia namesake, who uow holds top honors in his class thoro, nud ho will thon ro turn to Australia. Jnok Hall, who was Burgo's travelling partner through the North-west, propo30d to remain in BnUo city for a whilo. Sam Fitzpatrick, who has boon 0110 of good old Jiarnoy Furloy's boardors for many months, has gouo to .Uono to pumuo liia following ns a truinor. Sam, like ovory ono else, is experiencing a streak- of hard luck, nlthough I guess he has boon Beusiblo enough to lay asuto ti f.nflioiout amount to keep him from tho pangs of liuugor. Asido from tlio fow Amorican pugilists who aro following tliu theatrical business .as. a living, thero is littlo heard of thorn now. NEWSPAPER BATTLES. Qcorgo Dixon, Johnny Qrifiin (who is still liudor tho muuagomoiit of Jimmy Carroll, Bob Fitzsimmous' formor backer), nud Solly Smith (tho California foatlier-woight), huvo boon continuing their newspaper lighting for tho last threo months. Solly Smith wont East expecting to got a match with Dixon, and articles wero aiguod for a 'mooting whilo Smith was iu Now Orleans to see thu Cioddard Smith fight. Numerous hitches occurred, however, and the negotiation fell through ? but a telegram is just at hand to tho effect that Smith is to meet Grifflu in Chicago lor COUOdol. According to tho telegram, a new club, which I think I roCurrod to iu my last lottor,' ia to bo formed iu Chicago. It is to bo of moro gigantic proportions than tho Crescont City Club, of Now Orloaus, and will bid for ull tho biggoat events that are suggoatod. Its management anuounco that it will bogin operations on Juno 10, having matched BILLY WOODS, OF DENVER, AND BUFFALO COSTELLO 1. ' for tbo oponing night. V ' SOLLY SMITH AND JOHNNY GRIFFIN will follow, and possibly the third matoh will bo. botweou V i . OEOKGE DAWSON AND TOMMY RYAN. Another match tho now club has undor oon nidorution is between Joo Cboy nski nnd oithor Ed. Smith, of Donvor, or Potor Mahor, tho Irish alleged olmmpiou. . . r The strongest part of tho announaomont is Unit the club should have boon allowed to form at this lato day whon it is known tliat tho Chicago authorities havo .for yours spoiled many plaus to got a club running thero. If thoro was any likelihood for a club boing micccssful in Chicago, it iB vory likely that Parson Davlos would havo bud ono going bo foro now. Thoro is no ono who stands olosor to tho municipal authorities of Chicago than tho clover Parson, and ho is not tho kind of a fel low to lot it good thing liko this proposed Bchcmo escape hin attention. Ho is tho most Intimate frioud of M'Donald, tho groat political bo»a ot tho big YVostorn city, who gonorally torn that Davies does not get left ou anything tliat gives promise of a good roveuno. Tho Parson has always been my tip on affairs iu Chicago, and tho fact that ho does not appear in any way ronnectnd with tho latest venturn causes mo tu doubt its success, fur without some stror.g inlluenno Mich us ho would bi-, tho authorities aro likely to swoop down upon a boxing club aud gaol tho fighters at any tirr.o. Dominlok O'Malley, th»Now Orloana dotoo tivo and uport who was the direct online of tho rupturo botwoon Hob Fitzsimnioun, ia Biiid to roprosout tho now olub, with plenty of monuy behind him. O'Malluy has talked a good donl about tho new olub, aud Iiuh uuid iu tho face of tho Coney Island Club's supposed oiuch on tho Corbott-MitclioU match, that if nnyono got it it would bu tho concern hu represents. Should tho club, however, provo a Biiccoss, and he allowed to oontinuo uuinterruptod, it would eventually bo ONE OF THU GREATEST IN THE WORLD. Chicago sports', apand enormous buuib for pleasure, and -tlioy- would pack an ordinary lonso sovoral limOH a mouth. Besides, Chicago is tho contra of tho country, und oau count 011 drawing fivo times us many pcoplo from othor big cities as could he oipectodto travol to Now York or Now Orloana. AMATEUR SPORT Oil' TUB BOOM. Tho local morning papers havo lately inaugurated tho long-followed cuatom of tho Eastern dailies of paying a liberal attention to amatour opn'rt, and ovory Saturday's inauo finds thorn rivaling each othor iu a full-pagod discussion of ail branches of indoor and out- . door pastimes. Tho now movomont has had a groat tendency to boom the sport here, as is ovidonccd by tbo clubs that aro springing into existouco. : ? ? ? Evory thing from 'bowling to horsoracing, tho. lattor of courso boing cousidorcd properly 'nnuitour' uport,' is rucoiving unlimited attention. Tho racing seasons of tho Blood Horso Association and tho California Jockey Club have just como to a very successful closo. A trotting inouting is tho noxt fixture, and thon comes tho big Winter Meeting, which promises to equal anything ovor hold iu this country. A numbor of prominent horsomon and lovors of tho sport are talking of forming an exclusive club, which will oncourago steeplo and hurdle races, and will ofi'er as big purses ns are hung up in tho East, It is proposed to build a now track and club-house, aud oifui'B ovory iuduoo mc-ut to (Juliforniaii horso-owuors TO RACE THEIR STRINGS HERE, instead of going East ovory year. Ovor 150,000dol. has already been subscribed to tho aeliemo, nnd more monoy ia forthcoming. California has a record for producing fast horacs tliat it is hard to boat, but strangely heretofore the meetings horo havo boon tho most miserablo affairs in ovory respect, und havo boeu conducted principally for tho gain A GANG OF THIEVINO BOOKMAKERS. Jockeys havo friends as crooked as cork screws, uud the owners of horses havo triod to outdo each other in thoir knavery. Tho rules of tho now Jockey Olub will overcome those disagreeable features iu a great measure, nud place California racing on a foutimr whoro it bolonL'd. ami wburo i-; :nii become tho pastime of gentlemen instead jf gamblers of u low order. THE OLYMPIC CLUB IN DIFFICULTIES. Although tho out-door sports havo rocoivod inilu an impetus by tho attontiou given thorn by the papers, tho Olympic Club, ouu of tho foremost athletic ooucorus iu tho country, if not in tho world, has como protty u'eur going 311 tho rooks iu liuauoial distress. Tho club has been in existence nearly 80 years, and during that timo il has bravely lacud iniiny revursos and maintained its posi tion iu tho lead, whilo it has witnessed its competitors falling by tho roadside. Its president, Win. Greor Harrison, has for sovoral years had only ouu ambition, and that to huvo the ulub build 11 lif.v homo of its own. Finally his plans were curried out, but to do so tliu club had to incur a bonded indebtedness ol about lUCl.UOOdol. President Harrison, liowovor, who is very headstrong, ran the club further into debt, and to gut himself out of a hole bo originated social fes tivities for amusement, umoug them a circus, which was given on an olaboralo and oxpensivo scale iu tlio big Mcibauor'a Pavilion. All society contributed its pro raui of admis sion iocs, but President Jiarrisou, otfiug to his extravagant methods, at thu cud of a two weeks' run of tho circus had tho olub BOOOdol. dcoper in debt. Thon tboro was a row that was only equalled by tho frequent revolutions in Central and South Amoricu. Tho mombora . raised a rumpus by supporting uud denouncing Presi dent Harrison, and tho moro tho board of directors triud to pacify tho members the nioro thoy woro riled. Finally President . Humsou roeigued, and sinco then tbo nil has beou filled with scandalous stories about the elub. -' First it leaked out that a fight had oconrrod at a banquet given to thnse who took part iu tho big show on tho night it closed, und the manager of tho circus, who wns nothing moro than a cat'8-pa.w.for Dictator Harrison, as they call him, OOT A SOUND DRUBBING, nnd carried a black oyo around with him for sovoral days as a memento of the disgracoful affair. ? ?;??'? It also appears that tho young married couplo of considerable prominence in local society — Mr. and Mrs. Schroedcr— who perso nated Ciesar and Queen Ldvia, gave another banquet of a moro exclusive character in a down town restaurant in honor of the ovont that had just closed. Tho banquet was oajay ablo enough, but a fow days after tha pro prietor of tho restaurant sued tho Schrocilors lor tho cost of tile banquet, which they had disputed on' account of an oxcotisive wine bill. Thcso troubles, addod to many factional fights in tho club, has nluiost turned it upBido down, and loft it not only without a suitablo proBident, but iu such financial straits that it will havo a hard job finding a inuu to accept tho presidency and assume tho many responsibilities that nro forced to fall upon liia shoulders. Assessments have had to ho loricd, and tho initiation feo reduced, iu order to invite now momliora. Tho club, however, lias its now building elegantly fnruiahud, but it is going to have a terrible timo gottiug out of debt. HARRY LAMBTON IN 'FRISCO. One matter that I havo almost over looked if the arrival . here on tho last Btottinor of Chief Consul Lambton, of tho Molbourno Bicyclo Club, who was intro UUUWU kU lltu UJ Id .IUVUVL llUltl bUU llEVEUKE. Uuforlunaloly ho waa only ablo to remain in thu city a couple of days, whioh prevented hiin from mooting many of tho local cyclists, who woro very anxious to accord him all tho honors poasiblo, and particularly an ho hud como from Biioh a distance and to a strange oountry. Wliou Lambton arrived the majority of our local wheelmen, who number eoreral thousand, were out ou tho road, uud it being close on to Sunday, Tow of them would bo back until Mon day, as it is thoir usual custom to .spend thoir Sundays away frout tlio oity. Consequently Lambton had to content himself with xooiiur thu sights and otherwise onjoying liimself *.ho best ho could, uud I don't think ho failod cithor. Ho was vory anxious to gut to Chicago, whero tho Longuo of American Wheelmen is preparing' for its World's Fair International mooting. Boforu his departure from tho city Lumbtou said lio might uompoto in tho big races, providing tlio cliuiato would pormit his gotting in good trim. Ho is possessed of eonio oxoollont crodontials, and .vith his pleasant gentlo manly manners ho is euro to meet with a hearty reception from tho Chicago whoolmon. ' '??''.''??' '' Later.- JACKSON'S ' UNCLE TO SI ' COMPANY ; DISBANDED. Nows has just been roceivod lioro that Potor Jackson's theatrical venture has proved n failure, and has been withdrawn from thu Eastern oirouit. Last Saturday night (May 21) the combination closed a two weeks' en gagement in Chicago, and tho company was immediately disbanded, Davius giving as bin reason that it had not proved a suoooss. Sovoral of tba membora of tbo company aro roporUd to bo on thoir way back to 'Frisco, but it is vory probablo that Jackson aud his mauigor will remain in Chicago and await tho arrival thero of Corbett. Now that Jaokson bus no engagement on' hand ho will probably renew his challeui,*! to Corbott, who appears vory loth to discuss a mutch with him. I havo also to announce tbo death of Joo Harria' foinilo kangaroo, Miss Fitzaitnmons, which hi' owner recently brought to this cotiutry to exhibit in Iho Kuat. Sho died in Chicago a fow days ago from a chill. A telegram from Now Orltans also nnnounces that Jliirtin Deuny and Austin Gibbons havo been mulched tu fight for 3MJUdol, tho date to bo Bet during tho week. News from Carson City is thnt Val Flood and Charley Tumor, tho colored middle weight, have been matched by tho Carson City Club to light early next month. ??v. L. Brown. 