MISS. "0ARRUTI1ERS ; A TALE OF A LADY'S CLUB. was such a quiet little woman, so different in manner, dress, and appear ance from the other ladies who formed I he En Cartes, that it was always a subject for much wonderment to newly-elccted members as to how Mrs. Carruthers ever came to belong to such an institution. Ib was not that anybody threw doubts on the fact of her being a lady by birth and position. Her own family, and that of her late husband, had held a high place among Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could the most inveterate scandal-monger even dream a word against a woman whose sense of rectitude had developed into intolerance of other people's failings, and whose moral code was written between theslraightestaiid narrowest of ruled lines. These mental characteristics, added to a dowdily neat exterior, and a manner that was deprecating to meekness, weic, how ever, all food for the curious minded, and invariably ib was noticed that, before a new member had joined a week she would inquire of someone else " Who was that faded little dowdy I met on the stairs just now ? She actually went into the card-room under my very nose. She's somebody's inaid, I suppose. But she ought to be told to keep out of our sight." Then someone would volunteer that if she was a small thin woman, with sandy hair, going grey, pale eyes, and a nervous manner, Mrs. Ciiruthcrs was her name, and she was a member of the club, and therefore had a perfect right to go where she pleased. " Mrs. Carruthers. And who may she be ? How did such a queer-looking creature ever get in here ?" And strong in the consciousness of smart gowns, fine diamonds, and a well-authenti cated position in the social scale, the new comer would generally draw herself up, and put on an injured air at the bare idea of being obliged to breathe the same air with a woman who apparcut-ly had neither carriages nor horses, no house in Mayfair, and no snooting- uox m ocotiaiut. " She is one of the original members, and I have a sort of idea that Lady Maysford knew her and her husband when they were well off." "I suppose she's very poor." " She certainly does not look as though she were endowed with too many of Ibis world's goods, and I often wonder how she manages to pay her subscription." " Oh ! well. If you have that feeling about her it is not extraordinary that I should have had doubts as to who she could be." That was how people spoke of Mrs. Carruthers. She did not go very often to the En Cartes. At the very outside she might enter its doors and find her way to the long card-room once a week.. But as often as nob a month or six weeks would go. by and the weak little lady with the smooth grey hair and pale eyes would not be seen. YY'hen she did come she did not slay long, though she tried to appear as if she wan in the habit of using the club habitually for I he purpose of writing her letters and meeting her friends. It was like a little comedy to watch her arrive and go through llie form of asking for letters, and then repairing to the writing-room to order a cup of tea, while she went through the form of pretending to wiite letters and read the evening paper. Bub if you watched her carefully you would see that she was feverishly excited, and fidgetted about like a hen on a bank while her brood of'ducklings swam about. Indeed, the simile is nob a bad one, as it was literally about a bank that Mrs. Carru thers did fidget. In other words, Mrs. Car ruthers was a confirmed gambler, in counter- distinction to a person who merely plays cards. There was real gambler's blood in her veins. She had always been one of those e x t. rao rcl i i.i a ty p ei'soi i s to whom cards were a? absinthe is to those who become a prey to it. Cards made a" dif ferent woman of her. They brightened her up till she became almost pretty. When she touched them the blue veins shone through the white skin of Jier thin small hands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of beingslow, quiet, and unreserved, shcbecame quick, vivacious, and impulsive. Since the establishment of the club she had never played high, in the sense of staking large sums, and doubtless to many she would have appeared merely a person who, having a liver or a tenner which she did not know what to do with, gave it a chance, as the saying is. To those, however, who have studied gamblers she was obviously one of that large class who all their lives have played for all t-liey have got, who are always going for the gloves, and who are never dis mayed by loss, but are convinced every time they lose that they arc only one step nearer the efid of their bad luck, and one step nearer the grand coup, the one chance of their lives, when their luck must turn and they will sweep all before tliern. As we know, this never happens, for the simple reason that they play with the idea of leav ing oft' when they win, and when they win they follow their luck and lose all, not being- able to follow the money they have lost. TIip Iiirl: nf M rs ("Lirnihhmv? Iinrl l iirno.rl ;i«: often as anyone else's, but she never knew it, for if she turned a tenner into £'200 she would not have the pluck to get up and go, and what she had taken a whole night to build lip, she would put down on the turn of a card only to see it swept away the next minute, and she left without even her origi nal slake. It was by persistently playing this game that Mrs. Carruthers never gave herself a chance, and always ended by losing; The type is well known to gamblers, and as long as the ace of spades is the unluckiest card in the pack there will be people who will spend their lives in losing tenners on the wholly impossible chance of some day or other winning a large stake. Indeed, though she never brought much at a time to the club, one way and another at the end of a year her losses were as large, if not larger, than anybody else's. Indeed, so persistent were her losses that the members positively ' disliked to win her money, for, as Mrs. R. X. Hicks, the American, said, "She ain't worth my money. Her fiver ain't no good to me if 1 win, and I'm standing to be shot for £5,000." It was about the end of October, when Society was beginning to come back to town, that Mrs. Carruthers turned up at the En Cartes Club one night. She went through her usual formula of inspecting the mem bers' book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a letter or two, and casually turning over the evening papers, and finally, after fussing about, inquiring casually, "Is anybody in the card-room ?" _ ' Being answered in the affirmative, she pretended to hesitate a moment and finally picked up her skirts and slowly ascended the stairs and entered the long room where a baccarat ta"ble was in full swing. Lady Brightlesea was in the bank, and the players were too occupied to take much notice of the arrival of Mrs. Caruthers. She commenced punting with two sovereigns and won, and leaving her stakes down won again. Withdrawing the £6 ?he had won, she commenced again with '.her original stake, and saw her two sovereigns swept away. She then pub down eight ancl was ' paid an equal amount, and leaving .it down found hmpelf in' pos session of £J2 in a- few seconds. .She withdrew.; it cautiously, and waited to see how the cardsv would go. Tlia bank \l-bii, and Mrs. Carruthers telb clatea at her Wil cleverness. She whs .evidently Maying tAre- fully, ior again sho mU;iio stake;-and aglun the bank -won; The . Jards -wcVo»:ejfi(lenbly\ nut in i id , i' la 1 1« l ' n'\ win again beioro&lte; staked, and !!vsii she put -iowii Die whole £S2 winch she hat? won. Shi- »u<! done -wise! v. and leaving, .down the £(h iic.-'.vopt upt.hc.ll'2b.uid waited. Again niie i t <\--.r cntmpii C e\' I uni Hi <g lew fniui,tcv it, suv r U IpM i ii , ie v l>s»\ put! "0 a. 9.ii" hldfr )j, Aiifr' " iX (' \- 1 Carruthers bid £15, and finally took ib for £110. She was in great luck. The bank had ib all its own way. Where it lost at all it was onlj' on one side. When it won it -wept the table, and, what, with the former casual pickings, and a final run of six. though the play was small, and money , seemed scarce, the croupier had some £1,200 j of Mrs. Carruthers "s winnings in front of her. The banker looked right and left before dealing the cards. O11 ono side the slakes weie £5, and on the other £7. She hesitated a moment before throwing up the cards. In that moment Mrs. Decaine said "Banco." Mrs. Carruthers hesitated another moment, dealt, and looking at her cards, said — "I give!" "If you please." She dealt six to Mrs. Decaine and seven to herself. "Nine," said Mrs. Decaine. " Ei i 1 :arle-s," replied the banker. She dealt again, and again said : " I give !" The answer was : " No, thank you." Mrs. Decaine was obviously standing on five, six, or seven. In that moment Mrs. Cai rubbers cursed the temptation she. hud yielded to, and she drew a seven. " Six," suit! Mrs. Decaine. Mrs. Cai in liters calmly turned her card and replied in a ghost of a voice, " Bae." She rose quietly from her seat and saw Mrs. Decaine carry off the £2.200 she had won by slaking £?, and had lost by being, too greedy. She left the room as quietly as she had entered it, and then the game went on. Mrs. Decaine took the bank for £100, and the noble army of punters s'artc-d to try and get a bit back. Play had proceeded about leu minutes when the Marchioness of May- fair entered, and said : "I beg pardon, Mrs. Decaine, for inter rupting, but somebody has been larking, and I am in a hurry, as I have to fetch iny husband at ' the House,' and I am late." " Well, what's the matter ? " " Somebody has tried to frighten me by hiding my tiara. Who is ib, now ? Come, give it up. 1 have four pait-ies to do, and I shan't be in bed till four, so 1 haven't time for joking." Everybody waited for the somebody to speak, but there was dead silence. " Come, come," said Lady Mayfair, "a joke's a joke, and I have had my fright." Nobody spoke, and the Duchess of Murs- ton rang the bell. When the servant entered, she said — " Tell Madame Skazi to come here." The punters left the table and gathered round Hie fire. Presently Madame Skazi entered. - "Good evening, Skazi Lady Mayfair laid down her tiara in the dressing-room and ib has gone. You had better see that nobody leaves the club, and have the ser vants ui 1. and we can search them before the police are called up. Any other members who may be in the club, for form's sake had better come up too." Skazi looked stupefied, but went off. In a few seconds Mrs. Carruthers walked in and quietly shut the door. "I was leaving the club, bub ib was rain ing, and they could nob get me a cab, when Madame Skazi came down and ordered the club to be closed and the servants to come up and be searched. You need nob doubt the servants. It was I who took your tiara." The half-dozen women assembled round the lire turned sharply ab the words, and faced— Iil l-s. Carruthers. In her dowdy brown stiff gown, and with her timid, shrinking air, more marked than usual, she seemed so utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or decision, that the Marchioness of Mayfair almost laughed. Not quiet, though, for held out before her, in Hie pale, thin fingers, and glittering in the firelight, was the lost tiara. " You took it, Mrs. Carruthers. You, the " "Finish the sentence, Lady Mayfair. I am Hie thief." He white face flushed as she said Hie word. " This is scarcely a time for jesting, Mrs. Cuiruthers. The original joke of hiding ib was nob a good one if you will pardon me for saying so, but really ib is scarcely improved by this silly confession." " It is very kind of you to give me a chance of getting out of it, Lady Mayfair, hub I cannot accept it. I stole your tiara, I meant to keep it and sell ib. I was prevented from getting away, and I came to restore it and to throw myseif on your mercy." " You are crazy, Mrs. Carruthers." "I know I am, or ab any rate I was, and I want yon to think so, and to forgive me for what I did when I was mad, now that I confess when 1 am " " Bane, quite so," " No, 'found out' is the word." " Y ou really mean to say you stole this not intending to return ib ? " "I did." " In heaven's name, why ? " " Because to-night I have lost my last chance of lestoring what I have stolen for years and spent among you. Ib may nob have been much to you, bub ib was my all. I do nob blame .you --it was my own fault-. I thought 1 saw a, chance of making what would be a little fortune to me. I saw others do it almost every night I came, and so little by little I have drawn out my son's fortune with the idea, of giving him my winnings. To night I made the last effort. To-morrow he comes of age and receives his commission only to leam that he is a beggar, and his mother is a thief." The poor woman fell 011 her knees sob bing, " 1 did it for the best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for iny son's sake. I have wronged him enough. I was mad, forgive me. Forgive me for his sake." It was a truly pitiable sight to see the poor woman sobbing on the floor as if her heart would break, and ib was apparent everyone pitied her for the mad infatuation which had brought her into such a condition. Lady Mayfair took in the general feeling at a glance, and lifting her from the floor, led her away. Hardly had they lefb the room when the Duchess of Marston said : " Ib seems to me obvious that we cannot have any scandal, and also that as ladies we cannot keep this boy's money. ' Personally, I pity the woman, who seems really sorry. We must think what is the best thing to be done under the circumstances." The next day Mrs. Carruthers received the following letter : — Madame, — The committee of En Cartes Club beg to accept your resigna tion, and in doing so consider you should draw out your son's fortune which you have invested for him in Hie concern. They, however, had some time back jilaood in the hands of .Messrs. R=r— ,.... .the well-knownTiiianciers, lo wborn they explained the circumstance the sura of £3,000. They very kindly consented to accept- the sum invested for your son in 7 per cent, debenture stock, which is redeemable in five j'ears at £110. He will thus be in receipt of £-210 a year, and ab the end of five years will have the millions, which shall be forwarded to liini. at £3.300.- -Tht Hawk. WHAT DREAMS SIGNIFY. To dream of a millstone around your neck is a sign of what you may expect it you get an extravagant wife. When a young lady dreams of a coffin it betokens that, she should instantly -give up lacing her stays tightly and alwavs. go warmly and thickly shod in wet weather? " To dream . of a hre is a sign tlrat; if you areise, you will see that the ligilts 111 your house hi end I . safely- out befoie _vnn ffo to bed. To dream that youi nose is rv -. the tip- is a warning that you had leave oil -brandy and water.- 1 ' l» 1 here is anything I dislike, ' said Bhg- 'in;- as the Editor np unied lus witty eflort,. . a r.i-u 'v. > wt.-i ; niKO a OKe." , ; . ;- neve, too late to mend. This lSt'rS fene MPoler never bit your bwto (Jw? at the ?!!£ ' M ' "-r »\ v- ;..v: ? . / f L ;' ; -:L L 