FROM THE GRAVE. "Do we indeed desire the dead Should still be near us at our side? TENNYSON. -"World." " Why," Dtymond wrote, "do you imagine that I shall despite yon for this con fession? None bnt a whole-souled, high hearted woman could have made it Ten have said you love me, frankly; and I say in return that had the fountains of my heart not been hopelessly dried up at their *ources, they must have sprung forth gladly at tuch words from you. But the passion of love, dear friend, it is for me no more to know, snd I hold you in too warm regard to offer you, in exchange for shekels of pure Ophlr gold, a defaced and worthless coinage. Aa Daymond penned tbe closing words ol the sentence, the but rays of tbe smoky- red London sunset were withdrawn. Only a Utile while ago he hod replenished the fire with fresh logs, but they were damp, aud charred slowly, giving forth no pleasant flame. He struck a match and Ughted a taper that stood upon hit writing-table. It created a feeble oasis cf yellow radiance npon the darkness of the great itudio, and the shadow of Daymond't head and shoulders bending above it, wu cast upwards in gigantesque caricuture upon the skylight, re duced to frosty-white opacity by a burden of March snow. "She asks for bread," he cried alond, " and I am giving her a atone!" Tbe lofty walls and domed roof of his workshop gave back the words to him, and bis sensitive ear noted the theatrical twang of tbe echo. Yet tho pong of remorse that had moved him to speech wu qnite genuine. " You havo heard my story." A great many people had beard it, and had bees bored by it: but, sensitive v Daymond'a perceptions were, he wa. sot alive to this fact. " Seventeen yeara ago, while I was still a student, dreaming of isme in a draughty Paris studio, I met the woman who wu destined—l felt it then v 1 know it cow—to l«3 tbe one love of my life. Sho wu an American, a litllo older than myself. She was divinely beantifnl to mo— I hardly know whether she wu rciUy so or sot. We gave up all, each for each. Sho left husband, home, frien's, to devote her life to mo. I " He paused, trying to sum up the list of bis own sacrifice.*, and ultimately left the break, as potent to express much, and went on: " Guilty a. I suppose we were, we wero happy together bow happy I dare not even recall. Twenty four months our life together lusted, and then came tho end. It wu iho cholera year in Paris; the year which brought me my first foretaste of success in art, robbed me of all joy in life. . . . She died. Horribly ! suddenly! And the best of me lies buried in her grave." The muscles of his throat tightened with tho rigor that accompanies emotion : hi. oye. lids smarted. He threw back hia still hand some head and a tear fell shining on the delicatclv-tintcd paper underneath his head. He looked at tho drop v it spread and soaked into o damp little circle, and madenouseof the blotting-paper to remove tbe stain. If any crudely candid observer bad told Daymond that he dandled thia desolation of his—took an .-esthetic delight iv his devotion to the coffined handful of dust that had once lived asd palpitated at his touch, he would have been honestly outraged and surprised. Y:t the thing was true. The halo which it cut about him had in creased hi* desirability in ths eye* of the great lady who, after affording him number- Ins unutilised opportunities lor the declara tion of a sentiment which her large, hand some person and her largo, handsome property bad inspired in many other men, hod written him a frank, womanly letter, placing those commodities unreservedly at bis disposal. And Daymond in his con scious fidelity and unconscious vanity, must perforce reply wintrily, nipping with the cut wind of non-reciprocity the mature passion tendrils which sought to twine them. selves about bim. It wu a painful task, though the obligation of it tickled bim agreeably—another proof ol the inconsistency of the man, who may be regarded v a type of humanity: for we are aU veritable Daymonds in that the medium which gives us back to our own gloating eye* day by day is sever tbe crystal mirror ci Truth, but such a lying glass v the charlatans ol centuries agono were wont to make for ancient kings and withered queens to mop and mow in. Dtymond pushed back hit chair, and got up, and began to pace from end to end cf tba studio. The costly Moorish carpet* muffled the falling ol hi* foot-ten*, which inter mittently sounded on the polished interspaces of the parqueted floor, and than were loet again in velvet eilence. So he moved amidst the works of hit genius restles*ly and wearily to and fro, asd the in coherent muttering* which broke from bim showed tbat bis thought* were running ia the beaten track ol years. "HI could see her again—if our eyet snd Upland bands and heart* might meet lor even the fraction of a minute, v they used to do, it would be enough. 1 could wait then patiently through the slow decay of the cycle* for the turning of the key tv the rusty wards, aud the clanking of my brokea fetters on tbe echoing stone, asd tbe burst of light that ahall herald tar deliverance from prison." He lifted his arms above his head. " Oh, my dead love, my dear love ! if you are near, v I have sometime- fancied you were, (peak to me, touch me—once, only once." He waited a moment with closed eyelids asd outstretched hand*, and then with a dry sob of baffled longing-, stumbled back to' his writingUblr, where the little taper wu flickering its last, and dropped into his ana chair. "And other women talk cf love to me. What wonder I am v oold as ice to them, re membering her 1' It was a scene he had. gone through scores upon (cores of time.—word and gesture* -varying according to the pathetic inspiration of tbe mement. He know tbat be was pale, and that his eye* were bleared with weeping, and hs had a kind of triumph in tbe knowledge that tie pain of retrospective longing and of present lose—less was so poignantly real and kceu. Oat cf tbe blackness behind his chair at that moment came a shght stir and rustle — not the sough ol a vagrant draught stirring among folds of tapes try, but an undeniably human sound. Bat, half displeased with* the suspicion that there had been a witscss to his ajrony. be turned—turned aud saw Her, the "well beloved of the old, old time, standing very near him. Beyond a vivid sccsatioa of astonishmest he felt little. He did not tremble with fear—what was there in that perfectly familiar face to fear.' He did not fall, stammering with incoherent rapture, at her feet. Asd yet, a few moments ago, he had felt that for one such ti.'ht cf her, re turned from tbe Unknowable to comfort him —dragged ta;k from the mysterious Beyond by his strong yearnings—he would have bartered fame, honor, tnd wealth—sub mitted bis body to un-beard-of tor tures—shed his blood to the last heart's drop. He had prayed that a miracle might be performed, and the prayer had been granted He had longed-desper ately longed—to look on her once more, and the longing wss satisfied. And he could only stare wide-eyed, asi gaze with dropped jaw, and say stupidly: " Your" Fcr answer else turned her face—in hue, asd line and feature, no one whit altered— so that the light might illumine it fully, and ttood so regarding him in silence. Kvsjy pore of her scented to drink in the sight of him; her lips were parted in breathless ex pectancy. Every hair of the dark head— aressed in the fashion of fifteen year* ago; every fold oi the loose dress sho wore—a a garment be knew again; every Uft and fall of her bosom seemed to cry out dam! ly to him. There wu a half-quenched -park glimmering in etch o! ber deep eyea that might bare wanted only one breath frori hi* month to break out into flams. Her l-.acdj hung claeped before her. It Fcemri v if they were only waiting for the signal to unclasp—for the outspread arms to summon him to her heirt again. But the signal did not come. He caught a breath, anl re peated, dully: " Vra! It ia yonf " She returned: "It is I." The well-known tones! Recollection up ?;rong in bis heart like a gush of icy waters, or a moment he wu thrilled to the centre of bia being. But tht tmitten serve-chords celled to vibrate in another moment, and be rose to offer ber a chair. She moved across and took it, v hs placed it by the angle of the wide hearth; and lifted her skirt vide with a move-seat that cam* back to him a long way off, like ber toae ia speaking—snd, shading her deep grey syes from the dull red heat with her whits left haaa, lookai at _m Intently. He, having pushed hit owa tsttaa-b-ajs Wbo-4-v ci ths *•_«_-. bsjua* ft* toper's gleam and ths hearth-glow, losked back at her. That -aad of hers bore ao ricsy. When ho bad broksn tba plain gold link that had fettered it ia time past, be had set in its p'ece a ruby that bad belongs*! to his mother. The ruby wu on hit linger now. He hid it out of sight in tbt pocket of his velvet painting-coat, not knowing why he did to. And at thst mosaent she broke the siltnoe with: "You sea I hay* come to tou at latt." He replied, with conscious heaviness: "Yes—l sss." "Has the time seemed loag?" We have no time, yon know, where. ... Is it many days since ! " " Many days." "My poor Robert! Weeks 7 Mootka? Not years i" " Fifteen years.' " Fifteen yean! And you have suffered all thst tims. Oh, cruel I cruel I 11 there wu more light here, I might ae* yonr face more plainly. Dear bee 1 I shall not love it leas if there are Unas aad marks of grief upon it—it will not s*em leas handsome to me st forty than it did at twenty-five. Ah, I wish there wu more light!" The old pets—hly coaxing tone* ! " But yet Ido not wish for it, lest it should show you sny change in me." " You are not ohaaged ia ths least." He drew breath bard. "It might but yesterday " he said, and loft the sentence un finished. "I am glad," said the voice that he bad been wont to recall aa wooingly sweet. " They have been kinder than I knew. . . "Oh! Unas always been so painful to recall," she went on, with the old little ball shrug, half abndder, *'that I died an ugly death—that I wu not pretty to look at v I lay iv my coffin 1" Diymood recoiled inwardly. That vanity in a woman should not bs eradicated by the fact other having simply ceased to exist, wu an hypothesis never before administered for hia mental digestion. "How curiously it all happened," she said, ber full tones trembling a little. "It waa autnmn —do you remember?—and tbe trees in the Bois and tbe gardens of tbe Luxem bourg were getting brown. There wero brightly dressed crowds walking ou the Boulevards, and sitting round the little tables outside the restaurants. One could smell chloride of time and carbolic acid crossing the gutters and see the braziers burning at the corners of infected streets, and long atriage ol hetrset going by: but nothing seemed so unlikely v thst cither ol us should be taken ill anl die. We were too wicked,you said, and too happy. . . . only the good, miserable people were carci-d off. because any other would be moro suitable to tbem thin thi... ... It wss nonsense, ol course, but it served us to laugh at. Then, because you could not seU your greet Salon picture, and we could not afford the expense, you gave a lupper at the Cafe dcs Trois Oiseoux—and Valery and the others joined us. Iwu so happy that sight. .my nowdresi became me. . I wore yellow roses your favorite Marechal Niels- When I wu putting tbem in my bosom and my hair you came behind and kissed me on the shoulder. 0, mon Dieu! mon Dien! I can feel it sow. We went to the Varieties, and then to supper. I had cover felt so gay. People are like that, I remember having heard, just when they are going to die. Valery gaped—l betiere he was half in lore with me, and 1 teased bim because I knew yon would be jealous. In those days yon would have been jealous of the audio eoorche. Ha Iha! ha!" Daymond shuddered. The recurrent French phrases jarred on him; something in ber voice and manner tcarifis" inexpressibly his sensitive perceptions. He wondered, dumbly, whether she had always been like this. She went on : " And then, suddenly, in the midst oi the laughter, the champagne, tht good diahet — the pains of heU ! She shuddered. "And then a blank, and waking np in bed at the hospital, stiU ia these tortures—and getting worse, and seeing in year white face uiat I was going to die! Drip-drip! I could feel your tears falling upon my face, upen my hand; bat I was even impatient of you in my pain. Once I fancied that I heard myself uyicg that I hated you. Did I really f" " I think—l believe you did. But of course " Daymond stopped, and shud dered v she leaned acrou to him caressingly, ■o near that her draperies brushed hi* knee and her breath fanned npon hit face. "Imagine it," ahe cri.d, "that I hated you. You to whom I had given mjielf—you for whom I left my— Be interrupted, speaking in on odd, ■trainedvoice, ""sever mind thatsow." " I had always wished to die first," ahe re sumed, " but not in that way ; not without leaving yon a legacy of kind words tnd kitses. Ah 1" (her voice stole to his ear* moat plead ingly), "do you know thst I have beeuhsie, I cannot teU how long, and you bare sot kissed me snee, darling':" She rose np in her place—ahe would have come to bim, but he sprang to his feet, and thrust out both hand* to keep her off, cry ing, "No! no!" She sank baok into her teat, looking at him wide-eyed and wonderingly. "Is be afrai iof me 1-" she whispered to herself. " I am not afraid of yon," Daymond re turned, almost roughly. "But you must maksaUowtnccsformeatfirst. Yoursudden coming—the surprise " "Ah, yes 1 the surprise -and the joy !"' He cleared his throat and looked another way. lie wu sb.atnea'y conscious that the emotion that •tiffened his tongue and ham pered his gestures wu something widely dif ferent from joy. He spoke again, confusedly. " This seems like old time* " "Beforo I died," ahe said, "without bid ding good-bye to you. Dear? if you guessed how 1 have longed to know what you said and did when it was all over, ycu would not mind telling m*. . . . ' Are they grieving—thosse whom I havo left behind!'' i* a question that is often uked in the place I come from. You were *orry. You cried. Ah ! I know you must havecricd." " I believe," Daymond returned, moving rettleatly in hit chair, "that I did. And I —I kissed ycu, though the doctors told me xotto. I wanted to catch the cholera and die too, I believe." " Yes." si And when tbe people eazne with the coffin, I—" he bit hi* Up—"l would not let them touch you.' " My poor boy !" He winced from tbe tenderness. He felt with indescribable tents tion* the light pres sure of that well-known, once weU- loved touch upon his arm. " And then—after the funeral, I believe I had a brain fever." He passed hi* hand ibtoogh bis waving, slightly grizzle! hair, as if to assist his lagging memory—really as on excuse for shaking off that intolerable burden of her hand. " And when 1 recover-d I found there wu no way to forgclfiihie*. "—he heard her sigh faintly —" except through work. I worked then— I am working still." "Al way* alone:'' " Generally alone. I hare never married." " Of course not " A faint distent begin to stir in him at thit matter-of-fa it acquiescence in his widowed turtle-like celibacy. "It may interest you to know," he obaerved, with a touch of the pompom manner which had grown upon him with the growth of his reputation, " that my career _t been successful lv the ttrongett sense of the word. I have become, I may my, one of the leaders of the world of Art. Upon the decease or resignation of tbe President of the , it is more than probable tbat I shall be invited to occupy Ms vacant place. And an intimation hu reached me, from certain eminent sjuarters " he paused weightily, " that a baronetcy will be conferred upon me, in that event!" " Yesf" The tone betrayed an absolutelack of atten tion. She hod once been used to take a keen interest in his occupations ; to be cut down by his failures end elated by hit tuocessea. Had that enthusiasm oonstituted tbe greater part of bar chirm: In it* abttnee, Day mond began to find ber—must it be oonfessedl —but _d—ertat company. In the embarraaament that momentarily ■tiffencd bim, an old habit come to h_ retcae. Before he knew it, bs had taken a cigar from a eilver box npon the writing table, and was iiying, with the politely apologetic accent ol the wouli-b* smoker: " May I. You used not to mind." She made a gesture sol assent. At the first riags ol bluish vapor mounted into the air, Daymond found her watching him through them, with thoae intent, expectant eyaa. Feeling hinoelf bound to make tome observation, he laid: "Itii vet)- wonderful to me to tee you here. It was vary good of you to corns." * Shs retained :"Tbsy had to let me come, I think. I bagged so—l preyed so—that at _st " Sbepsaaed. Daytaoadwaa aot listening. Ha wis looking at hit -toad* fully, aad tain—as. • It had aasa bis whim, .is ths Ant foigt- scy cf Mit«mi--t, to skt-oy all portraits of her, so that with the lapse oi yean no faulty touch thould bewrrrthe memory of her vanished beauty. It •ti*»k him sow for ihe first tins tbat his brush hsd played tha com tier, and flattered btr, for the must psn, uabluthingly. He found himself err—defng unfavorably ths turn of ber throat and tbe swell ol ber bosom, and ths dark voluptuous languiabtaeat of her look. The faint perfume of heliotrope that wu shlkta fort- bow, uof old time, frost her hair aad her garments no longer into-iceted, but tickened him. This, then, wars ths woman he had lasumed for fittten years. He began ts feci that he had murmured un wisely at the dispensation of Providence. He began to revolt at this recrudestence ol an outworn passion—to realise that at twtuty fi .c he had taken a commonplace woman far a divinity—a woman whom, if ahe had not died when she did, he woxld hay* wearied of—ended perhaps in hating. He found himself iv slang tr of bating her nowl "At lost they let me come. They said I should repent it — v if I could 1" Her eyes rested on him linger isgly; her hand stilled the eager trembling ou her lip*. " Never ! Of course you seemed a little strange at first. You are not quite—sot quite yourself now : it is natural—alter fifteen years. Aod rrsasntly, when I teU you O ! what will you say when I tell you all ? " She led her chair and came towards him, to swiftly that he had not time to avoid her. Sho laid her hand on his •hosalder and bent her mouth to his est. One of bar peculiarities had been that her lip* were always cold, even when bar passion burned most fiercely. The nearness of tho*e tips, once *o maddengly dosirable and sweet, made Daymond's lle.h creep horribly. He breathed with difiio— ty, and the great drops of agony stood thickly on hi* forehead—not witb weak, superstitions terror ol the ghost; with unutterable loathing of the woman. " Listen !" ahe aald. " They are wis* in , the place I came Irom ; tbey know things that are cot known here. You have heard it laid that once in tbe lifo of every human being living upon earth comet a tune when the utterance of a wish will be fol lowed by ita fulfilment. Tbe poor might be undo rich, the sick well, tbe sad merry, the loveless boloved— in one moment —if they could only know when that moment comes. But sot once in a roiUion mUlios lifetimes do they hit upon it; and so they live penniless aud iv pain, and sorrowful and lonely, all their lives. I let my chance go by, like many others, long before I died; but yours is ytt to come." Her voice thrilled with a note of wild triumph; the clasp of ber arm tightened oshisnscx. "Oh, lovo!" she cried, " th* wondezful moment ia close at band! It it mi'night now'—she pointed to the great north srindow, through which the frosty silver face ol tbe moon wss staring in relief a rainst a framed-in square of velvet black ness studded with twinkUng star-points —"but with tbe first signs of the dawn that you and I hare greeted together, heart of my heart I—how many times in the days tbat may come again!— with tho greying ol the Eut and the paling of the stars comes tho Opportunity for you. NllV.-, DO TOt," UNDEESTANII'" He understood, aad quailed before her. But the wu blindly confident in his tru'-h, stupidly reliant on bis constancy. " When it comes, beloved, you shall taka me in your arms—brestho your wish upon these Up* ol mine, in a kiss. Ssy, while God's oar is open,' Father, give ber back to me. living ana loving, a* of old!' and I shall be given—l shall be given!" . She threw both arms about him aud leaned to bim, and sobbed and laughed witb the rapture ol ber revelation and the anticipation oi tbe joy that wu to come. " Remember, you must not hesitate, or the golden chance will put beyond recall, and I shall go bock whence I came, sever more to return—sever more to clasp you, dearest one, until you die too, and come to me (are you cold, that you shudder ao:)—and be with me for always. Listen, listen !" As ehe lifted ber hand the greatest of aU the great bell-voices of London spoke ont the midnight hour. As other voices answered from far and near Daymond shuddered and put his dead love from him, asd rose up trembling and ghutly pale. They moved together to the window, and stood looking out. The weather wu abont to change ; the snow wu melting, the thaw drip plashed heavily from roof gutters and balconies, cornices asd window ledges. As she laid her htud once more upon his thouldere the ttart began to fade out one by one, and in a little whUa from then the eastward horizon quivered with the first faint throe* ol dawn. "Wish!" *he cried. "Now! now! before it i* too late.'' She moved v if to throw hertsll again upon hit breatt; but h* thrust htr from him with resolute hinds that trembled no more. " I wish," he said very distinctly, " to be Sir Robert Daymond, Baronet, and President of the before the year is out.*' She tell away from him, and wansed, asd became unsubstantial and shadowy like the ghost she wu, and unlike the thing of flesh and blood she had seemed before. Nothing remained to her of tifelikencss but the scors and anger, the anguish and reproach of her great eyea. " o_ly the Dead are faithful to love—be cause they are dead," the said. " The living live on—and forget. They may remember •ometime* to regrtt us— beat their breasts and call upon our some*—but they abudacr it we answer back across the distance: and if we thould offer to come back, ' Return,' they say; 'go and lie down in the comfortable graves we have made you: there is no room for you in your old places any more !' I was told I should be lorry for coming; but I would sot listen, I trusted s-o iv you. Ism wiser now—wiser now !—Good-bye." A long sigh flattered by him is the semi obscurity, like a bird with a brokea wing. There was a rattling of curtain- rings, the dull sough of falling- upestiy, and the open ing and closing of a door. She wo. gone ; asd Daymond, waking from strangely dreamful slumbers to the cheerlessness of dyiog embers and burned out candle, rang the bell for his servant, asd ordered lights. A few minutes later law him, perfectly dressed, stepping iato his cab. "Chest»rfisddi;ariens,Maylii.ir," he saisi, giving the direction to his valet for trans ference to the groom. " Beg pordon, sir, but Lady Mary Froser's servant is still waiting.'' The man pointed hock to the house. "Ah!" said Daymond, who had a pav ing glimpse of alien cord and gaiter* re posing before his ball fire. "Tell him I have taken the answer to his mistress myself." And v he spoke he scattered a handful of tnm-up squares of paper—the fragments of a letter largesse to the night and gusty weather.— 