amusements! THE DRAMA, &C.; The return of tlie Brougii-Boueieaull company to Melbourne for a six weeks' season at the Princess's Theatro was mndo the occasion on Saturday night lant of something approaching tho nature of a publio demonstration. The house was literally crammed from floor to ceil ing, tbe dress cirolo presenting quite a brilliant speotnelo, and the stalls wero for the greater part reservod. His Excellency tho Governor, accompanied by a large party, occupied tho stage box ; and amongst the audience migiit bo seen the representatives . of fashionable and literary circles in force, all tho well known theatro goers, and in fact everybody worth knowing. 1 As each member of the oompany appeared the applause was enthusiastie and spontaneous, Mrs. BrougU more particularly being accorded quite an ova tion. With excellent judgment tho manage ment selected Pinero's comedy entitled Tho Amazons for the opening performance. It is one of those pieces in whioh the company eouhl hardly fail to Bhine, as they liavo cultivated those fabultics which enable them to represent to the life tho foibles and peculiarities of what is balled "Sooiety" in the delineation of which Pinero may. be' regaided as a past master. In this direotion.ho is. perhaps seen at his best in the . Amazons. ' Exoept for ! its refinement and the : smartness of the dialogue it might bo classed as a farce, but as represented on Saturday night it -assumed all the superiority of tono and manner essential to polite eomedy. Thero are no pretentions to plot or detailed delineation .of character. It is a superstructure' of ' fantastic idiosyncracics upon a foundation of quajnt and humorous absurdity. The improbability of the central idea imparts a touch of original genius, and the acting, the scenery and general accessories complete tilt charming and realistie stage' illusion. Criticism of the censorious sort is disarmed from the start. It is felt that the author aims no higher than to excite a laugh, possibly at the expense of the shrieking sisterhood, who take pride in their. . masculinity, but simply uso their eccentricities as man ' traps, reverting back to the amiabilities and duties of their sex as soon as- they, accomplish their mission in life, namely, to cateh a husband. If the humor of tlie piece can 'be so' construed the skit is very felicitous, but possibly Pinero in' penning The Amazons sought only, to give expression to a very : fanciful and amusing eonoeption. The scenery, is painted by Mr. Spong, who can scarcely be excelled in the matter of stage landscapes. Tho ' notion for tbe greater part takes place in a delightfully sequestered and piotureaqne spot in Overcoat Park, the family seat of tlie aristocratic Castlejordans, repre sented by a strong minded dowagor and three daughters of marriageable age. Miss Romer takes tho part of tbe ecacntrio old lady, and Mrs. Brougli, Miss Gibson and Miss Noble appear as tbe. Amazons,- descriptive particulars of whom appeared in our last: week's issue. - Now, tbe idea, presented by. the dialogue in which Lady Ca8tlejordan takes part is tbat of a large, muscular and even coarse fibred woman, else how are we to account for her remarks about the pbysioal development of bar dear doparted Jack,' lier husband, who had upbraided licr la such unequivocal terms for not having given him an' heir to perpetuate hid name and retain the title and cstatoB in the family. And again, none but a lady of extremely mannish views would run tho risk of unsexiug her daughters by (raining them in the garb, manners and sent- ;biai)cevqf tho sterner sex. Now, as evsry playgoer \is aware, Miss Romer is not built thatAway, to ' "use a familiar expres sion.. Sho can do with romarknblo fidelity to nature tlie gmndedamc, she can be humorous, but. her forterlies in a combination of personal dignity knu pathos." .So far therefore the "representation sufforod, but at the same tims Miss Romor played with' all her admitted intelligence and oapaoity albeit tbo ohoraotbr was somewhat' thankless. When The Amaawsi was produced in' Sydney reoontly, Miss Edith Bland appeared as Lady Castlojordan and the masouline significance of the part was well preserved throughout. Mrs. Brough, so far as tlie ladies were concerned carried off tho honors. As Noelino, the oldest of the Amazons abo bad a cbaiaoter as eongonial as tbat of. tbo sister of the Dean of St Marvels in Dandy Dick and the oharm attached to tho assumption of on artificial sex. was groatly encbanced by the natural modesty of the ladjr being' sacrificed to some littie extent by ' having to appear in male - attire. This concession to art .was ' all tho more ' appreciable inasmuoh as it was tolerably apparent that tho artiste would rathor she hadn't to. make it. The reoital of her adventures in London where she falls Incon tinently in love with hot cousin Lord Litterley ; her struggles to subduo tho impulses of h®' nature when she discovers her strong partiality 'for her handsome relative, her evident annoy ance at seeing him oaross Sergeant Shuter, tan female dragon who trains tho " boys" in athletic exorcises, and. the zest with whioh sho goes In for the romp in tho gymnasium wero all indications of the porfcct grasp she possessed of situations, and (ho piower of bloudirig the aorlous in t o alistreot with the comic in tho oonorete so as o produce the desired offeot. Floral favors were , literally showored upon tho ladies at' the' conclusion of oaoh act an the ourtain had to be raised again and . aga n before .the audience was satisfied; Miss Ursa a Gibson makes a oapital Tommy. ' Sho "oenw every iuoh a boy. ' Her swagger, and S brother" stylo, her ovidont mastery of male accomplishments oven to smokiug, hot to men tion hunting, fishing and athletio sports ally, all stamped the representation as perfection of artiatio treatment combliiod witu natural talent. Many would be at a loss o know how Miss l'attio Brown, tho orig an Tommy, oould excel Miss Gibson after wl'ne.8®' ing tho performance of tho latter, which « - J left nothing moro to bo wished for. Miss No e of the trio, does the1 lackadilsioal arid very effominnto young Indyi no doubt for purpoacs of contrast, and she may. be fairly congratulated upon tho success of hor efforts, but if we ahonld not seem- to bo impertinent in conveying a gentle hint, perhaps tlio young lady when she is supposed -to bo play- .ing on tho guitar might, with advantage, go through tho semblance of thrumming the instru ment, even: though, the audioneo is aware that the accompaniment to her song is played by the orohestrft. .Indeed tho two songs -introduced aproposubf nothing, "might' without 1 detriment be omittod. Mr. Wnrd. played the hereditary legislator, Lord Tweonwayos, and gave fnrthor proofs of his ability to differentiate oharaotors that, might adorn identical. Twoenwayes, it is ..needless to say, is a born idiot, who has but one idea in liis brainless, head expressed by tho per sonal pronoun "we," meaning the nnoiont family of tlie Tweenwayes,' who earns over with the Conqueror, and , whoso genealogy could be traood liko that of the M'Nnbs, who kopt a boat of tlioir : own during tho great Noaoltian flood. Tlio fun; of tko: thing is how. suoh a creature could mako love to a' woman, hut ho docs so vory effeot.ually, and that to tlio most mannish of the three . ''boys," .Mr. Bouoioault plnya tlio Frenchman known only to tlio stago, and evolros immense, drollery out of his representa tion of the lovosiok Johnny Crnpaud, tho . ; .oreation of tirSlajt iCejiliitrysohool of.humofiBts, There , is /UlQ-'ip»-'thi:'.fr''ft63igtied to Mr. . Titheradgq,_,.yAo s aitnply.'a-hialthy young Englisli'hft'ir,"jlwltlj(i-% BtroBgifliyor of tho ".universi."'ttbou'|| liiSjylp. „ \ .. Tho Privato'Sdwetar/;trioh\hIr.VTltorntori has mado; iH4'lp9-.j)wii,' yrtby revived oh Saturday nighfs,ftt tho j 'ljijbu./ Although wo doubt the witfctornjifv-'iiiauguratihg the season with two revivals, :,iqoro especially as the ropertoiro of the, company includes several 'new piooes, yet this drawback. was compensated . for by the opportunity afforded of. Reintroducing Mr. Harwooil in Ms favorito oimraoter of Clattor- mole. We have never soon tlie part played witli mora buoyant , vivnoity and verve. The little gag occasionally indulged in gavo a '"freshness and vigor to tho dialogue, and assisted greatly in preventing, the performance from flagging. Mr. Harwood has oloarly hot lost his grip upon tlio qstoom and appreciation of the play going pub- ,. lio. Ho plays with a zest akin to his early days, when we romemfaer him in suoh pieces ns the Princess of Trebizondo the Siege of Troy in burlesque, in Blow for Blow. in. the trub comedy, as the Ghost in- Hamlet, and, in fact", manifesting his talents in every hrniioh of dramatio art. Mr. Harwood has. never lost touch with the stage, although he may be said . to hftve retired on a competency from the aotive pursuit of his profession, and many of bis host hits linve boon made in oomio opera.. . As ono of - tlio victims of tlie late craze for reconstruction, however, lie now appeals naturally to the public sympathy, and it was evident on Saturday night that his friends, whose name is legion, were not , oblivious of; his claims to kindly consideration. In a professional sense, however, he needs tio adventitious aids to win him favor .with an audience. He oan hold his own with any of tho "ypiinkers" around him, and possibly exool thorn in proficiency. The ladieu in the oast nre dcoidodly weak, but Miss Dot Frederiolc is naturally vivacious, and was thus enabled to givo propor emphasis to tlio . part of Eva Web ster. .It is quito superfluous to eommont upon Mr. Thornton's aoting in tlio title part. It is just as amusing as ever, and convulsed tho houso with laughter at the many amusing singularities of tho unfortunate Frivato Secretary, who con stitutes himself the- butt of everybody's plea- . santry. Tho : other parts wero very fairly filled. Mr. Parker Hall; with a belief in his stars, natrologleally as well as professionally spoaking, again lent, hostages to fortuno, reopening the Boyal on Saturday, njght. Tho intention was to produoo Sbudamoro's drama, Is' Life Worth Living, but owing to. tho elaborate oharaotor of tlio soonery required and the noocsBity for further rehoarHal, it lind to be postponed, and TlieHoart of Midlothian revived with".Bomo slight alterations in the oast. The patronago acoordod during tho wcekwnsnob commensurate with tho pluok and enterpriso Bhown by Mr. Hall, who iB . . hlmiolf an aotor of no moan ability. Is Lifs Worth Living ? ig the title of V drama produoad at the Royal, "and interpreted by an exoellent oust, whioh inoludsB Miss Eloise Juno and Miss Maud Williamson, Mr. Tom Can- nam and others. The drama is exoiting, emotional, pathstio, . thrilling, sensational, episodic, besides being stirring and charged full of human nature, but with all this tlie playgoer feels inclined to'anBwer the title of the drama in the nogativo after the breathloss progress of its four aots. The plot of the pieoe soems to oentre round n villain of an ultra deep type, a heroine of a peculiarly sweet disposition, and a "steam . roller." of n phlogmatio and slow. hnbjt of mind., In tho niost oxoiting situations.tlie steam rollor behaves in a contemptible manner, and by refusing to rush over the prostrate, body of tho heroine robs nn ffyotivV , scene of muqh of its value. Genorally SpeaMg," Is Life Worth Living iaa drama of inoident and diameter; but the ah'sCno'is 6f a saw mill ijlaht, and a sttam 'drodgtriend 'a certain. amount of tamoness- to the play, a dofeot whiohwill np doubt bo remedied as tho season progresses Mr. Speed's entertainment at the Gaiety.is well deserving of the liberarBUpport it has from the first obtained/ Tho stage is very prettily arranged, the sitting' nooommodntion 'in the auditorium exceedingly domfb'vtable, tho com pany is really most onpnble, and the quality and stylo of the performnnoo unexceptionable. Tho programme is arranged so ns to admit of variety business of a superior sort, and although nigger minstrelsy Is not wholly eliminated, yet the fun oi Mr. York nnd Mr. Horace Bent acts like a tonio nnd makes the other features of the pro gramme all tho inora enjoyable. "Millie Herbert has 'a very fine voioo, something in Madame Sterling's style, with however more of the bravura. MisB Lily Oatavia is a soprano of con siderable range, sweetnass and onltivation, and would bo an acquisition to any opera company. As n variety show it is not surpassed in tho . oity. . Wo learn that, owing to Mr. Hall reopening the RoyaJ, Miss Mnggio Moore has decided to engage I with a Sydney manager for six weeks longer, only returning to Melbourne in timo to rehoarso for tho Royal pantomime, in which she is to appear in tlie prinoipnl part. She is at present playing to splendid business in Sydney in a round of hor most notable pieces. Struck Oil has been revived, and with Miss Maggie Mooro in her old pnrt nnd Mr. D'Orsay Ogden as Deacon Skinner, the piece is likoly to have a most successful run. Had circumstances per- rmttcu it was the tody's intention to revive this favorite drama in Melbourne, where it was first produced in'tho colonies, and no doubt it would havo aohioved o marked Huccesp. Most of the minor places of: ontert&inraent; wero fairly patronised during the week. ' >" 1 