MSTEAM lIlIflNAIfiE. , . - - m MRS. A. BLITZ. [Aix Eights Reserved.] ii. . ? t BOOK II. CONTENTS OF VOL. II. CHAPTER. XTIL Mrs. Dripper Fires the Bulwark XIV. Cecil Loskstnd XV. Father and Son. CHAPTEE XIII.— CContintjed.) One of Ms hands rested on the table now, quite near her, and she put out one of her own and covered it. ' I . can't help it,' she said ; ' it is dreadful to think of you going eo far away.' one spoke as it in apology* . ?« Then you know why I am. going, of course/' said Eoland, half sitting on the table and beginning to swing a hanging leg. ' Yes, ye* ; I know.' Mrs. Dripper's voice was sepulchral, her aspect all dejection. ' You axe not hurt with me for not telling you' before, are you? because I couldn't very well. The engagement has only been looked upon as a settled tbing since I went to Wbndoo, and ? * ' Hurt with you, Master Eoland ! Lord love you, you never said one word or did one thing in your whole blessed life to hurt me,' she quite vehemently inter rupted, with choking accents. 'You're e, good soul, or you wouldn't say that after all the trouble I must have cost you. But I was going to say the engagement is only to be known amongst ourselves — that is all. Bear little Mid and I will be married in one year hence, and then there will be an end to secrecy.' Mrs. Dripper covered her eyes again, and said nothing. Eoland, with his leg dang ling, looked upon his foster-mother's ac ceptance of the fact of his engagement as peculiar, if* not annoying. ' Surely,' he thought, ' she is not going to moan over my choice like my mother?' I ' You know Mid as well as I do,' he I began as a test, ' and will accord her the I praise 6he deserves.' I ' I shall always be fond of her, Master I Roland: but ? ' I ' Well,' he said, with rising impatience. ? 'goon.' I ' I'd lay down my life this minute to I know you were^ not- wishing, to marry her. I I can't help paying it; don't be angry I with me.' ? / t I He was angry; he frowned and rose I from the table. I ' Good-night,' he said loftily, and I making for the door. I ^ ' Oh, stop, Master Eoland,' she cried out ? in alarm, ' and shake hands with me.' I He walked back-to her, and bant over I her chair-back. I ' Are you against me, too, like my I mother f ' he asked, ' like Mr. Lockstud ? I They have both done their best to make me I break faith wjLth^ Jessie, and hav« failed. I Do you think- jpp, as my mother's topi, will I succeed?' ,- I ' Ah, dear Master Eoland I' pleaded the I poor woman, *? they are your friends ; be I advised by them. I know more than you I do — I who, loving you so, should advise I you, too, but must not speak.' She rose I and faced him as she said this, with her I woe-begone countenance, and -with her ? trembling hands on his arm. ' They have I been treating you harsh ; your mother don't * I tell me everything as she should. I want I to move you by love alone — you, the child I I have nursed. It ain't for me to adviee I you, perhaps ; bat I've seen you grow from I the day you came to these arms, a wee, I helpless thing, and I only want to serve ? you. Oh ! why are you not engaged to the ? dear young lady w« always thought you I sweet on ?' Mis. Dripper, in her eamest ? nees and grief, said more than she had ? intended, and repented. ' Forgive me, sir, I I meant no harm,' she added quickly, seeing I Roland's annoyance. I 'I infer from your words that you have I been told a great deal more than was ? necessary,' he answered hotly, fully be I Ueving his mother had even informed her ? of Una's xejeotion. I ' Only of your .engagement to Miss Lock ? Btud,' she affirmed, with her hands still on I him — 'your intention to marry her.' I 'And of her unreasonable aversion to I one of the niost womanly of ? women,' he I added. ' Yon speak the. words she has I put into your mouth. I will not blame I you now, but I will if, after what I have I said, yon pereiBt in taking up the croak. ? I will have my way in this matter, under ? stand.' I He spoke with such a quiet defcermina ? tion that Mrs. Dripper's face became rigid ; I the dropped her hold on him, and restated I herself at the table, with palms at her I aching head, and her. thin fingers arched I and clutching at her hair as though they I Were talons ready to tear it from the toots. ? Sho was convinced now that he was pae ? eionately in love with Mies Lockstud, that ? she had erred in thinking Mm attached to I somebody else. Such opposition as this I could only come from a man who loved ? the girl he sought with all the strength of ? a man's first ar-|pt.K She could not bear it j I it maddened her rto .knowj hie- was jo tys ' I Bent away that: he- migfet be i fooled and ? crushed when he should return. Why I should he not be told at once that such a I marriage wOald be impossible, and then I let him go to wear ofE his pain and dis ? appointment P Why should Miss Lock ? Btud be allowed to coneidef herself hie I future wifeP Mrs. Gold win had not told ? her of the Lannager card Bhe meant to play ? as a trump. I 'Lord, Lord 1' she cried in her heart, 'make him listen to me— turn him from thiegirll' Her attitude of misery and evident bit terness of Spirit sank deeper than her words in their effect on her foster-soa. He had counted upon her appreciation of his suit, on seeing her ' eyes 'light up and hearing a blessing murmured. Seeing her thus *ecalled: his -mothefs vehement ' NeVef, never, never I' when he spoke bt his future alliance to Jessie, her swoon, and 'subsequently LockstutTe unwilling ness to giva way to acceptance. Mrs. Dripper's reception of his Btern assertion of will threw a sickly dim light on the united action of those two, revealing no details, yet something hobgoblin in shape —something to be attacked, thrown down, exposed; something he was resolved to fight. He put his hand on her shoulder, and said earnestly; — : ' Tell me — you desire to befriend me, I know^fcell me;: what yotf khowj ;f or Ipou certainly, must have some reason for be h&viug; in this incomprehensible way. I ask for joy-bells, and you ring a death toll over me. For heaven's sake, what have you to say against a young lady whom you have professed to like P' ' Nothing, sir — nothing. I am fond of her ' — Mrs. Dripper lifted her head for a second — ' I would Bpare her trouble, and you ; for that I say, Go away and forget her, and let her forget you — it is the only way, Master Eoland ; don't come back after your travels and find, you've been gulled. She can never be your wife, so help me,' God.' Her bead went down on her hands again, and ahei shock from head to foot. She had Baid it. He lifted his hand from her shoulder, and turned the color of death. ' What mystery lies here ?' he inquired, moved to an agitation almost equal with her own. ' There is a meaning in your words to which I am. blind, but shall not be eo long. I desire you to make it plain. Speak.' ' Hamlet himself could not have uttered that 'Speak' with more pathos, more entreaty, when his fathers ghost confronted him and promised ' a tale to unfold.' 'Speak.' Mrs. Dripper did not speak in the way he wished. She clutched at her hair again. ?'I have told you all I can; don't ask me for more. You will kill me. Go now, M&sier; Roland — be satisfied;'' Roland had so much intoiition of obeying that he took 4. seat exactly opposite to her, arid, leaning forward, said — ' Do you think I am a fool ? Do you understand that my word is pledged to Jessie Lockstud? that were 1 to break that word, through being frightened into it, she would be the worst sufferer of all ? You want me to break her heart between tou. You, whose tenderness I expected — you, for whom .1 have planned a corner and an easy-chair at my hearth, whom my children — Bhould they ever come — shall honor ever as their father's faithful nurse and friend.' Mrs. Dripper tried to- look at him, but the tears now came thick and strong to Btream down her cheeks. She could not utter a. word. ., ; . '. -^- ' ? ? ' - ' Do you think after what you have said,' be continued, 'that' I shall submit quietlj to the imposition her father would put upon me ? Certainly his ways are dark. I never understood him, and never shall ; but he shall understand that I am not a piece of clay in his bands.' 'There's a lot we can't understand,' sobbed Mrs. Dripper, longing to escape from his questioning, 'best not under stood. It is best you should know no more — best even to break that poor girl's heart ; but worst-— worst for me to trouble you with, jreason.8, __ You ,wera always a good, obedient lad, Master Eoland 5 i or th« love of heaven, for the love of peace, and if you love me, don't—don't ask me to teU, you more.' Eoland, mystified, wretched, for a moment debated -whether obedience was discretion, whether he should cease to trouble the miserable woman before 'him, or worm the truth from his mother. Only for a moment. The thought of the fool's paradise that was being created for the poor girl, whom he was so aaxious to protect, urged him to a diplomatic move. ' I promise you, if you tell me all, no body siiall know the name of my infor mant,' he eaid. Mrs. Dripper, drooping her head, shook it sadly and obstinately. :? ' Very well,' he went on, assuming offence, and rising as if to. leave her, ' I will not trouble you any more, ; but I must tell you before I go that, as I have quite made up my mind to find out everything, I shall toll my mother you have told me everything.' He scarcely anticipated such a sharp and immediate effect to follow his ruse. She turned upon him suddenly in anger, and. with eyes expressing fear and defiance— : '' You will tell a 11* 1 Tv« been worked up' to say more than I ought, and you take advantage of me ! I ask you to let this engagement go — ask it for your own sake —for the love I bear you* and you will have me murdered by Mrs. Goldwin be cause you are not satisfied. r Sha will mur der me if she knows I have said as much as I have I' She began 'to rock herself In a-|ony, and gasped — ' You ate 'worse than Eve with wanting what isn't good for you ! Yon. will bring down misery upon your self and everybody. You will tell a lie !' He stood over her chair, and looked down upon her bent grizzled, bead, her thin veipy hands clasped in despair^ her rock ing .body, ?with, an infinite compassion which bis manner belied. . ' ' I am in a- network of U«b ; foster mother, there can be no »in in resorting to a single one to cut through.: the net 5 but the lie will be yours as much as min«, for you can save me from the sin of it, ir you wilL Any way, I Bhasjl know everything fooner or later.' : T;;u.i _ , ; w^per1^!^ ^-m6^ulSo-a- Mj* sin has found me put in my/ old fcge.' i/Ike unhappy Mrs. Dripper now fell on her knees and prayed in dumb anguish j her wan face uplifted, her hands locked. She was at bay. Eoland turned away, iin^illing to wit ness her abject despair,, to disturb her appeal ; but, burning to know -the mean ing of it all, the poor -fellow, -worked with conflicting Bfintimenta^-amongat Which a hot indignation against his mother and Lockstud Van paramount— walked away to the end of the room, folded his arms over a heart that was beating wildly, and tried to think what he should say next to in duce Mrs. Drippor to be done with mystery. ; She saved him that much exertion of thought, for before she was aware of it she -stood at his elbow ; she had caught at his arm ; she was saying something iu his ear that fell there'' like molten lead, that paralysed his senses, made the room swim, and brought a- transient oblivion of all things. : 'Eor God's sake, for yours, for mine, don't let on to Miss Jessie,' she whispered, ' to Mrs. Goldwin, or Mr. Lockstud, th&t.I; have told you — that you know ! , You are ' — she paused, Bhe gulped, she trem bled—' YOU ABE A LiOCKSTUD !' ' r ' CHAPTEE XIV. ' Cecil Lockstud. ' You are. a. Lockstud 1' The terrible whisper, like a hissing tongue of flame, just touched Roland's brain — only touched it as yet, for, unable to realise the full sense of Mrs. Dripper's words, he recoiled from her hold on him, and said severely — - ...... ' Woman, you are mad to tell me this ! You must be mad !' - : Nevertheless, the .phantom, the hob goblin, the 'something intangible' that he had determined to fight, was assuming a ghastly aspect, formidable proportions, and was approaching him as a ruthless gaunt glacier, not. to be attacked, but att tacking. ? ' The woman fell .on her knees for the second time, but now as if in appeal to him, and not to a higher tribunal. She crouched at his feet and hid her face. ' Oh, dear Master Eoland, forgive me ! I have done a wrong, I have sinned, but be merciful to aie ! I speak God's truth : You are — yes, you are a Lockstud !' He looked down upon the crouching figure in speechless agony 5 a choking sensation at His throat made him clutch at his collar and tie to loosen both ; the veins corded about his temples with the rush of blood there, which, suddenly retreating, left his face with the petrified look of the statua — marble white aud rigid. ' Not — not the child of Jeremiah Gold win ?' he managed to articulate, but so strangely that Mrs. Dripper, with a new terror, started to her feet and grasped at his hands, hanging helplessly at his sides, as she exclaimed— ' For God's sake, don't look like that, sir?' ?' Answer,' he Bald, just in the same way. And Mrs. Dripper, still holding his two hands in hers, replied— ' Not the child of Jeremiah Goldwin, but a Lockstud 1' Then followed from him a Bwift, wild interrogation in but two words — ?? My mother ?' ' Oh, don't be thinking that, sir! Don't make bad worse,' she cried out at once, understanding Mm, and beginning to rub his hands between her own to coax them to natural -warmth, as she had often done . when he, an infant, had lain in her arms. 'Don't be making bad -worse. Your mother is one cf God's sweetest, best crea tures. You are a lawful-born Lockstud— Cecil Lockstud, her firstborn — and. not a. Goldwin at all!' ;„, 'And not a Goldwin at all!' he re peated, like a child imitates its teacher and tries to fix a line in its mind without fall comprehension of the meaning. He. allowed her to rub his hands, not knowing what she was doing, and would have fallen but that sh« was near, and half dragged, half pushed him on to a sofa. Then came kindly oblivion. His eyes closed, kis head went back, and dark ness fell upon him for a time. ' A pungent scent at Ms nostrils, water trickling over his face, and even escaping in ticklish drops down his neck, his head jillowed oh Mrs. Dripper's arm, he struggled back to life and misery, to see her bending over him, to feel her hot breath on his facs, as she gave quick gasps. Not fully conscious, he moved his. head wearily, and asked, ' What has happened ?' ahd next tried to rise, but, experiencing a sensation of giddinesB so new to Mm, he was glad to obey Mrs. Dripper's order — ' Please keep quiet, sir. You will be bet tar presently, dear. Keep quiet, now, do.' ' But what haB happened ?' he asked again, now querulously. ' You've been, scared,' said Mrs. Dripper, crooning over him ; ' poor boy, poor boy I haven't I been nigh fainting myself ? You forced it from me. Lord have mercy on us ! But there's no call to fret now, sir 5 nobody need ever know'— that you know — that I have told you— - not even Mr. Lockstud or your mother- — that is, Mrs. Goldwin, I mean. Everything can go on just the same as before, for, of course, you are still Ebland Goldwin, you; know. 'You're to -forget everything I've told you, and what harm can touch you then? Only, dearie, you see iurtTwhy -you must not be Miea Jessie's lover, don't you.?'.' .. - . .-.-.:.-V ? : ?-?:.'. '? '??- '? This latter sentence rang like a^keynote in. liis ear; the missing chord, jangling, discordant, was touched, the sluggish intel lect cleared^ as memory cam* -back with a Tush that sickened and made him shudder. Suddenly. he started to a Bitting position, and. sat upright on the sofa, unheeding his' foster-mother's ' Ah, kesp L .quiet, ' ? sir^ keep quiet,' fof he then and there steualy demanded the whole story. 'lam better' he insisted. '? I must iiear all— I will tear all!' 'Not to-night* Master Bblasd; spare yourself, Bpare me 1** urged Mis. Dyippgr. *' Now— now at one* '.!' This peremptorily. ' I ,atn better, I tell you.' - ' .'.'\ . ' In proof of which asfcortioa he rose tb his feet and .walked away a few paces, not with his -usual steady carriage; but with a desperate resolution not to give way $gaiii, and, a face so ghostlike tnatC it alarmed Mrs. -Dripper as hfc stood opposite to her, and leaned on a chairback for support, having ret*aoed his steps and but poorly proved his words* ? Mis voice was sharp* hia manner authori tative, and he fixed his eyes, now. fierce and blbodahots upbn her till she writhed. . ' 'Go on, I say,; tell me everything you know*' h» oommandei ?.??- ??'? \ ?????-, ,. ; Mrs. Dripper wrung hex iiandfl and wept ***&?- . . ., .-...'.. .?.'..? '. :.:';:..; ?'. , *' Come, come IV Eoland cried im patjently, too sore with the weight of his^ present misery to be affected by inch a thing as a mere woman's weeping, which at .any other time would have over* powered him 5 ' if tears can wash out the srrong, weep ; but they won't. ' I insist on hearing the whole truth. What is my mother — I mean, what is Mrs. Goldwin to me?' Mrs. Dripper's hands -went out to him in supplication. '-3all her* mother' still, sir. Oh, don't forget that !' ; «* What is she to me? I ask.' 'Nothing by blood: everything: by — by policy, I suppose ; thafe the word I've often heard her use.' ' What policy ?' Eoland sMf ted from the chair-back to the front, aud from sheer weak ness was compelled to sit down »gain. ' I don't understand ; why have I been reared to call her mother ?' 'The will, Master Eoland — the will has done it all I' . Mrs. Dripper was fitting on the sofa and nervously screwing her apron corners, ?with her eyes cast down, unwilling — afraid to meat his. 'The money is at the bottom of it all, and I wouldn't have breathed a word to you but you made me. I only wanted to put you oft: from playing love the wrong way. I couldn't bear to think of you and Miss Jessie epooning like lovers, as God knows is wicked and ought to be stopped, and so I tried to set things right, and never thought you'd know mbre, and now you do. You've made me betray those who trusted ma, and so you ought to keep quiet about it. You have only to give that young lady up ; but, of course, you are still Mr. Eoland Kovodel Goldwin — BtiU the millionaire.' Her eyes were never raised, while his were fixed upon her. He was too dazad to view all the intricacies of the position at one comprehensive sweep. His brain .waB all absorbed in extricating him self ? from a maze — in trying to conceive the certainty of his relationship to the Lockstuds. He knew the contents of Jeremiah Goldwin's will. Captain Pen -uacove had once givan them to him second hand at his own request, and. he had read them since. But even by the light of this much knowledge he could riot yet see the drift of the action 'which had secured him for its victim. '*Go on,''* he Baid quietly, as Mrs. Dripper paused to draw a deep breath and Wipe -her red eyes with the crumpled apron corners ; ' go on.' 'Well, sir, Mr. Goldwim did make a most peculiar will. They say he was jealous of his wife ; you see, she was very young and very beautiful. . If she married again she wasn't to get a penny, and if the child died she was only to get a hundred a year — to lose Gool gun and every tMng. Well, her baby sickened and did die, and the only way to keep her hold on the will was to keep it alive. She couldn't do that, so sue fastened on you instead, and ' She ceaeed abruptly, for Eoland vented an exclamation of wrath and pain. His hand pressed his throbbing head, his face was ash-colored and convulsed, but he was not going to faint again. When his exclamation interrupted Mrs. Drip per it was becauBe a full revela* tion of the crime -had swiftly, taken possession of him — because he was begin ning to understand much that had once been an enigma to him. (to be continued.} 