HE. LAIGWELL IB BOURKE A SENSATIONAL MEETING. On Thursday night last, June 29, Ralph's Union Hall was completely filled with electors who desired to hear Mr. . H; Lang well, M.P., give an account of his work since the last general election, when he was chosen as Bourke's senior representative. The Mayor, Mr. W . K, McMillan, occupied the Chair. He briefly introduced the speaker, saying during the past two years Mr. Lang well had proved himself to be a good member j he had always been prompt in answering any communication addressed to him, and he hoped they would listen attentively while he gave them an account of the work he had done in the House, and, no doubt, he world also address them upon some of the leading political questions of the day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Langwell then came forward, and was well received. He said it would be two years on Monday next sinoe they did him the honor of electinsr him as their rei-rB«nnfai.Hvn in Parliament. When he appeared before he 'was a novice and knew nothing of parlia mentary life. He came before them with the platform of the Labor Party who had selected him to run, not only in their interests, bnt also in the general interests of the workers of the country. (Hear, hear.) Since he had been in ^Parliament he had not taken the opportunity of addressing them upon political matters. It appeared to him to be a time honored practice for Members of Parliament to travel round, during recess, address their constituents, and apologise for some of the votes they had given in Parliament. (Laugh ter). But he had not come to apologise for any vote given. (Applause) . He would undertake to say that there was no man, who had vratohed his actions and votes, who could say that he had deviated from the course and action he had laid down for himself, and the promises he made when he went into Parlia ment. (Hear, hear.) One of the principal things he had promised, if they returned him, was that he would not support the Parkes Government. He stated that on every plat form where he spoke throughout the elector ate. The reason he had refused to support them was because of the action they had taken throughout the Maritime Strike, and the unfortunate troubles at Newcastle and other places. (Hear, hear.) His first vote was on the motion of censure moved by Sir George Dibbs ' That the Parkes Government had not the confidence of the country.' He might tell them that all the Labor members had met before he got to Sydney to take his seat, because Parliament had met before the writ for the Bourke election had been re turned. The Labor Party had decided to support the Parkes Government so lone as i.V ? i-I. _ ? . mksj wciu rou concessions they required. Almost the whole of the Party supported the Government. He did not do so. He told them he had pledged himself to oppose Sir. Henry Parkes' Government, and he kept his pledge. He voted to pnt them out, but when the division was taken it was found the Government had a majority of 19. When the division was taken, and the fairly fought out, ending favor of the Government, there was only one course for him to take. It rested with every member to support any desirable legislation that could be got, and he did so. He supported the Government throughout the. Electoral Reform Bill, the Seats Redistribution, Coalmines .Regulation, and Mining on Private Property Bills, the latter, however, being knocked out on a point of order. The principal portion of the Parkes Government session was taken up with the Electoral Reform Bill and Seats Re-distribution Bill which were to be sent to the Upper House on the 21stOf.fr.Lnr On the loth of October, Mr. Sydney Smith Minister for Mines, introduced the Coalmines Regulation Bill, in which was a clause providing that no man should work more than eight hours under ground. It passed through its preliminary stages, when Mr. M'Millan, the Colonial Treasurer, moved to re-commit the bill for the purpose of repealing the clause about the eight hours. He was backed up, and the matter fought out. Many of the members, new to office, were not satisfied that the bill should be recom mitted, because they thought that if they lost that opportunity they would never get it again. It was carried that the bill should not be re-committed, and that the House should not adjourn, and that was accepted as a vote of censure by the Government. The consequence was that they lost the bill altogether, and all the.g*od work they had done from the 14th of July up to that date. On the 19th of October Mr. Dibbs was sent for, and he formed a new Ministry. The House re-assembled shortly after, and the Dibbs Government discharged all the bills that were on the paper, and introduced fresh ones -of a similar character. Mr. Barton introduced first what he termed the One man-one-vote Bill. But from tho fbsti* was his (Mr. Langwell's) opinion that it was never intended by the Government that it snouia oecume law. Alley cou.'d not have it without the redistribution of seats, be cause when an election came on it would be unfair to the people ; some electors would have the privilege of votintj three or four timrs, while others could only vote once. The result was, as he expected, that the Upper House rejected the measure. If it had been carried the electors would have been worse off under its provisions t.ha.n they were at present. They had- no pos sible chance of bringing it forward again, and all the time of the Assembly had been wasted over two Electoral Reform r.'1Ir On the 10th of December Mr. Reid brought down a motion of censure, to the effect that it was not desirable that the fiscal policy of ths country should be changed. The mat ter was debated, a division taken, and the Government kept in power. He voted for the protection policy him-fllf, not that he was entirely in favour of it— they all knew that neither freetrade nor protection were sufficient to induce prosperity— -bnt be cause, while the Government were in Oppo sition, they had stated, that their policy was protection, and when they got into power 1 they would introduce it for the purpose of giving encouragement to native industry. J xne wvenunmi nan advocated that policy, while the Parkes Government had runout of office without, he maintained, having any occasion to do so. He then supported the Government. The bill to change the fiscal policy was introduced on Dccernber 22, and four or five weeks elapsed before the mea sure was j-asscd. But. he did uot thiuk. those who passed it were very rnuch wrapt up in the policy. It was simply a tax for revenue purposes, and had no effect what ever as iar as encouraging native industry was concerned. The rest of the session was taken, up. almost wholly in passing the Estiriiates. .|,^The House was in this po sition. i'^e^&o; vernment had no money, 1 and they sirijply had to pass the estimates of 1 the - previpiif? Government. Many members j thought/ J Expenditure too i much, , and formed a Rghenchment Party. Their chief attack was made upon the military estimates. .They, had ..not, .much . success . with other matters, only being able to knock off a few thousand pounds, but they, succeeded in getting the military vote lessened by £50,000. (Hear, hear.] But this had no effect. Things were worked'Sin '-fich^a' mysterious manner that one had almost' to be a private detective to find out how the money was spent. For the whole of the .session, out of the 37 Bills that became law, not one, with the exception of the Conciliation and Arbi tration? 'Bill, of those passed, was on the Labor Platform. But they might just as well be without the one bill named. In his opinion it could have no practical effect at all. At first he was under the impression that strikes and labor troubles could be amicably and favorably settled by the provisions of the Conciliation and Arbitration Act, but he had changed his mind. They could not have compulsory arbitration without a penalty, and even the penalty would have no effect be cause it conld be easily evaded. Take the Broken hhi trouble tor instance, supposing the dispute came nnder the Conciliation and Arbitration Bill, and the Board of Arbitra tion said to the miners ' You will have to ac cept the terms of the owners,' the men could go to work for one day, and thus avoid the penalty. You could not compel any man to continue working a losing game. Also in the case of the mine-owners, they could work the mines for one day and then stop. Nobody could compel, the owners to continue working the mines if they were losing money. There fore the passing of that bill left them in ex actly the same position as they were before. Another thing that was done during the ses sion was the establishment ot the ljabor Bureau. (A voice : Bad 'business, that.) He did not know what the feelings of the majority of :the residents of Bourke and district were with regard to the Buieau, but he bad very decided opinions upon it. (Hear, hear.) He considered it one of the very worst things that had even been established in tho colony. (Applause.) It was simply an extension of the arm of the Government to assist employers to reduce wages whenever they felt inclined. From February 1892, the time of the opening of the Bureau, up to Sep fonYhnr of the same vear. over 1000 men had been sent, through its agency, into the Bourke district. (A voice : Who sent them F) Well, he did not. These men had been sent, independent of the state of the labor market here. Members had no right to send men into the district to depose those who re sided there, and who were waiting to get. work during the busy season. He had strongly opposed the establishment of the Labor Bureau. (Applause.) He moved in the House that £1000 be struck off the £1400 that had been placed cn the estimates. He dividedthe House upon it, and there were only 5 others who voted with him. Lots of members had people running to them for billets, and the bureau was a splendid institu tion by which these members could easily get rid of their trouble. All they had to do was to give the men letters to the Manager of the Bureau, who would give them passes to en able them to go to any part of the country. With regard to these passes he had taken up a strong position, but it was a very unenviable one for him. He had in all casus refused to assist men to obtain them. In consequence he had had very hard words sail to his face and also behind his baok. (A voice : Never mindHughey, you're allright.) It was a hard thing for mm to do, but if he had taken advantage of the position and given his friends passes, he would have lost all right in the House to raise an objection to it. (Ap plause.)- The Diseased Animals and Meat Bill was the only good measure that had passed through during the first session of Parliament . Many had passed ihe Assembly, but they met a different fate in the Upper House. The Early Closing Bill had been knocked out in one act. The Eight Houtb ! BiU was shelved, and broaght up again this session, Mr. Riley had been told that he was a most courageous man to bring up that Bill in the Upper House. The Employers' Liability Bill had been postponed on the second reading for six months, but it had been altered and introduced again this session. The Workmen's Combination Bill or the re peal of the Act of George Fourth, introduced by himself, had been carried through the ?i-iuwer xiouse, due it was aeiearea on the second reading in the Upper House. T1 at was about the total of the work done in the first session. This brought them up to the 1st of April. The House prorogued and did not meet again until the 30th August. During the first session he had been locally accused of paying but little attention to his duties, and it was stated that if any body wanted him they did not know where to find him. But they conld not get away from the official records. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt that some of those who had made the false statements about him would like to see the records burnt. (Laughter) . He would not give the records of all the members but only those of the representatives of Bourke. They were — Langwell 179, Willis 152, and Waddell from the 16th December, 82\. Thus it would be seen that he had a majority over theaecand member of 27 -votes. So he must have been in his place sometimes. (Applause and laughter.) During recess, they had had troubled times in different parts of the'eountry, and whatever kudos or popu larity the present Government had gained before the recess, they lost it altogether during the recess. In the first place, Air. Dibbs, now Sir George, happened to be in bad health, and wanted a trip to England, and as the colony's money was easier got than his own, he made arrangements with his col leagues to give him £1000. (A voice : not a bad idea.) No, it was not a bad idea, but if the gentleman who inteijected that had taken the money he would have found himself in Dariinghurst veiy soon. (Hear, hear.) Before the Premier returned, the Broken Hill strike took place. He did not wish to claim any kudos ? or be egotistical but the action of the ? Parkes Government during previous strikes had been the cause of bring ing the Labor' Party into existence. The workers thought that if they put some men who had influence into Parliament, a good deal of the labor troubles would be done away with. They thought that such actions as those taken by Sir Henry Parkes, Bruce Smith of ' shoot-em-down ' fame — but which inci dent in reality never took place — and others, would not again tale place. But what did they find ? Something occurred the like of which had never been recorded in the history of the colony before. They found the Dibbs Government sending detectives to Broken Hill, arresting men, and finally sending them to such a place as Deniliquin to be convicted. No Government had evprdone anything to equal the dastardly action of the Dibbs Go \ vernment towards the Broken Will miners. (Cheers). When the House re- assembled on flie 30th August, it was met by the Opposi tion with a -vote of censure, and that vote was not on the action at Broken TTili entirely, but the two things came together. Mr. Reid's censure motron dealt with the financial condi tion of the colony. 'Mr Cotton moved an amendment on Mr. Reid's motion to the effect 'That the Government is deserving of censure for granting, and Sir George Dibbs for using £1000 of the public money in expenses on his trip to England.' Later on in the debate Mr. Cann, member for Broken TTill moved a further amendment ' That the Government are deserving of censure for their action with regard to the Broken Hill strike.' He did not think Mr. Cann tried to serve, the Govern- : ment, but if he had not moved his amend ment the Dibbs Ministry would.have been out of power to-day. But instead of that it gave the opportunity to a lot of bogus democrats, who had no more sympathy with labor than 4-1.^ ? :i-'L _ a ? r J-Z ? L- ? Ji ? 1 *ucy uou wii/u a u.ug, lu y uws ana condemn uie Government— afterwards crossing over on Mr. Reid's motion — when they knew they had not a ghost of a chance of defeating the - Government. (Applause.) He would now ! i deal with the Bourke members, and their actions at that time. He had thonght the Government deserving of censure with regard to the .£1000 business, their action at Broken Hill and also on Mr. Reid's motion. He voted against the Government on all three occasions. (Applause.) Mr. Waddell, whom he did not desire to blame in any way at all, went exactly opposite to him, and voted for the Government throughout. He was consis tent. But with regard to Mr. Willis, it was very haxd to explain that member's action. (Laughter.) He first voted with the Government for the £1000, thus Buuwing inai ne naa no aesire to condemn them,' but 'when the second vote came on with regard to their Broken Hill action, and when he knew there was no chance of putting the Government out he voted against them. Then came the vote on Mr. Reid's motion, and of course, Mr. Willis turned turtle- again and' 'voted for the Government. All of them, however, would agree with him (Mr. Lang well) that if the Government were deserving of censure on one point, they were deserving of it all round; (Applause.) The Govern ment only had^a majority of three,, but. they were quite satisfied in going on when they, had a majority at all. Mr. Barton then brought on another Electoral Reform Bill and Re distribution of Spats BilL They were a j longtime getting through the* Assembly, and \ longer in getting through the Upper House. The Bill was pretty well through when Mir, Reid moved a vote of censure, the Govern ment getting a majority of 5. The Broken Hill strikers, h ad been sehtenced. He spoke On the vote bf censure and -voted against the Government: 3J. the Government were de - serving of censure preni^nSly with -regard to the Broken Hill men, (jvere jequally de serving of it In jand sentencing them to two years imprisonment. During this session which had been of about 9J months dnration, there had been very, little useful legislation done. : 4- number pf( Bills had been brought to a certain stage and then allowed to remain. Some had come to the second reading, and remained on the -business paper, 'where they Would be^when Parliament, again met. The principal measure passed was the Electoral Reform Bill, which had many good points, although not all. But the Bill would be muoh better for the oolony generally and would give more direct repre sentation than at .the present time. Here would be no bickering and' snarling betoeen ; colleagues because each member would' have his own district, and one member would not have occasion to blame another for endeav ouring in an underhand way to take credit for what his colleague had done. The principal provisions of the Bill were (11 the abolition of plural voting. This would not affect this district, but members bad to think of the colony generally, and plural voting was a great evil in the metropolitan districts. .bach man would have one vote only. (2.) Single electorates. This was one of the best provisions in the Bill. It would reduce the talking power of the House considerably. Anyone famibar with proceedings in the House knew that if one member for a certain district spokp, it was a certainty all his col leagues would follow suit just to let their con stituents know they were not behind hand. Single electorates would stop all that. (3.) Another gGod provision was that-all tho e'ec tions would take place on the same day. He had seen a defeated man run for another elec torate by the Government, iust 'hw- nnRn 1m had been a strong supporter, and members - would travel round and help him. Now, every man would have to fight on his own merits, 1 arid would receive no assistance unless some other candidate had a walk over, a thing : which he did not anticipate would often oc cnr. With regard to the system of registra tion, it was too early to give a decided opinion, but he thought it wou'd 'pan out all right.' For instance Bourke might be the centre of the electorate. A registrar would be appointed, and also deputies in the sur rounding districts, for the purpose of re gistering papers, the whole being under the control of the registrar in Bourke. Every facility would be given, and everyone who took an interest in seeing the electoiate well represented, would register, and endeavour to get others to do the same. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the abolition of the £40 de posit, he did not anticipate any ill effects from that clause. It had been said that people would stand simply for notoriety, and alsofor the purpose of causing genuine candidates to spend money. He did not, however, think many cases of that kind would occur. There was another Bill passed about the wind-up of the session, viz., the Village Settlement. It was early lo predict what sort of a result would be produced by it, good or bad. He did not think evil would come of it, and he had supported it, but he was not prepared to say that it would do a lot of good. In his opinion there was a much better way of placing the people on the land. The Gov ernment should proclaim the whole of the Crown lands of the colony a gold field. (Ap plause.) Any man then with a miner's right could take up his allotment, and ereot his humpy, anywhere where he could find em ployment. The Income Tax Bill was dealt with summarily in the Upper House. He did not know that it was too good a bill, or that the fathers of it were in favor of it, but the revenue was short, and the Government had not the pluck to bring up a prohibitive protec tion tariff, and they brought up the Income Tax Bill by which they thought to obtain £300,000. The Upper House, however, threw it out. The Coal Mines Regulation Bill, which was the means of the present Gov ernment coming into power, was not dealt witn iintii very and was practically shelved. The Income Tax Bill as he said be fore was introduced for revenue purposes. The revenue for 1891 had shown a falling off of £471,000, although the Government had an additional £900,000 by protective taxation. Notwithstanding this the first quarter of this year had shewn a decrease of £185,000 on the corresponding three months of the previous year. That was the cause ef the Government introducing the Income Tax Bill. But this showed that the Government dodged around the thing as long as they could and kept away from what thev desired until actuallv com pelled to go for it. If they put a tax on the unimproved value of land (Loud applause,) they would surmount their difficulties. Until they did that there would be a falling off in the revenue. He knew many members who were opposed to altering the fiscal policy until they got a tax on unimproved land values. They would not be able to dodge it much longer. The Government had at present £40,000 to meet, with another £1,000,000 at the end of the year; and there was a falling off ef revenue in every department, therefore they would not be able to. meet the requirements of the country without borrowing money to pay what they owe. According to Coghlan, the national debt was £51,209,933, bearing interest to the amount of £2,072,861 which had to be paid annually. How were they going to do it? (A voice: By giving Dibbs another £1000.) No, he did not think so. (Laughter.) They would have to obtain direct taxation, The poor people had to pay enough already, and they would have to place a portion of the burden upon the shoulders ef those better able to bear it; in fact they must have a land tax. (Applause.) Another little item that would probably surprise them was the amount of money it cost to obtain a loan in the old country, and how the money was divided amongst brokers, &c.;, in England/ Coghlan said that out of a loan of £4,500,000, the total amount available for expendi ture on public works was £4,185,009 12s lid. Ihe other £325,000 had been spent in floating the loan. Out of that the brokers got £11,072 5s. It must be a nice thing to be a ' broker' in England, but at that rate they would not be ' brokers ' long. (Laughter.) The Banks got £22,500 ; the stamp duty amounted to £28,125, and postage and petty expenses amounted to £712 10s 4d. The whole of that money the colony got nothing for. He was not an expert in finance, but the colony had no right to go to the Old i Country for any further loans. Those in ; power would have to live within their incomes. (Hear, hear.) The Labor Party had been the best abused people in New South Wales, and most of all by different sections of the Press, that had advocated their election, but afterwards found they could not use them for their own purposes. (Hear, hear.) If the Labor Party had not brought in a lot of useful legislation themselves, thev had had sufficient power to compel others to introduce the legislation they required. (Hear, hear.) If they had not been able to achieve much good, they had prevented a deal of bad legis lation, in the way of preventing a lot of private bills and boodles bong passed. Bills were often introduced, and the fathers of them said ' If you pass this it will find em ployment for thousands of men.' But the Labor Party were not to be gulled. They were always careful to require a certain amount to be expended in a certain time, which invari ably killed the Bill. (Laughter.)' The Labor Party altogether did not talk much, but they worked. There were a favored few of the members of the House who treated it as a sort of Club. They would remain until it was time to catch the last tram, but they were not there to do work. They were in bed when the real work was being done. The Labor Party' were far and away above any other section of the members composing the House. Their behaviour was good and they reflected credit upon themselves and those who put them there. (Cheers) He had given I them the number of votes during the first ses sion, and now he would give the number recorded during the second. As certain parties said Langwell conld never be found, and he never attended to his duties, he would just give the official figures. They were as follows : — Langwell 314, Willis 241, Waddell 211\. Thus he had a majority of 73 votes over the gentleman who o wned the paper that said Langwell could never be found.- ; (Cheers and laughter.) * Hebad ho desire to 'say anything against Mr. Waddell. He had found that they could work fairly well together as regards the wants of the district. Now he had some thing to say, although probably he would tread on somebody's corns. He maintained, and would say, without the slightest hesita tion, that when the electorate was divided, ? and he expected to continue to reside in the district — he wonld see that the workers in the Bourke electorate were not humbugged and feoled as they had been in the past.' The workers in this district had simply been the tools of those in power. They had not taken the stand, they should have done, but had believed everything that had been told them. The Bourke portion of the workers had been run almost entirely by a paper printed in the town. The owner of : that paper was a ; Member of Parliament, who never took the trouble to come to .bourke and tell tbe electors what he bad done in Parliament, - (A' voice: He's afraid to.) But he took the opportu nity of creeping behind a man who had moi e ability,,, to malign those whom he was afraid to meet openly. (Loud cheer.-.,) He (Mr. Langwell) had conic here, and had come alone, and that was more than the' gentleman he was referring to had ever done. - (Applause.) . He referred to the paper owned by . that gentleman, and said that not only did it misrepresent him, but it published certain pieces from Hansard, which entirely altered the sense and mean ing jof jwbat had really been said. He had -never.ieen tan issue of the 'paper which con taimedj^i J-iorrecl^ repoi,fc -of wjiat piad ap pekred'irr Hansard. ' The people* connected with the paper were in the habit of taking a word out here and putting one in there, and they never; published ? i the context, which ' altered the meaning of w hat he had said altogether. Ifc was time the f people of ' tlie district were aware of this. ' (A voice : ? They -know it now, Hughey.) Mr. Langwell : I believe they do. The man who owned the paper that did that sort of thing had ~ ? I ? ? said he would reply to what he (Mr. Lang web) had said on a public platform about him, but two years had elapsed, and he had not made his appearance in Bourfce~-yeG. — ? (A voice : He's not game, Hughey.) (Loud cheers.) Another matter to which he wished to refer was the -application which Messrs. E. Kichand Co., Ltd., had made to the Minister for Lands for a portion of the wharf reserve upon which to erect a private wharf. The Bourke Municipal Council sent a letter to Mr. Waddell and himself protest ing against the application being granted and requestiug th m to see the Minister about it. They did so and the Minister saia no application had been received and premised that the application when received would not be entertained. They accord ingly sent the Minister's reply to the Coun cil. But when the following Friday's Central came out it contained a telegram from Sydney, mentioning Messrs. Rich and Co.'s application and stating that had it not bi en for -hc exertions of Mr. W. N. Willis, it would have been granted. The whole thing, however, was exploded when the letter from Mr. Waddell and himself ap peared in the issue of the Western Herald containing the report of the Council meeting at which the letter was read. The paper had also misrepresented other Bourke mem bers, but he could tell them that as far as the good of the country was concerned they were as far above its owner as heaven was above earlh. (Cheers.) A good deal also had been published in the paper referred to about what Laugwell had said re compensa tion for improvements. He had seen a little of wha- he had really said, but the whole did not appear, and the sense was altered altogether. He had always been an advo-« cate for compensation for improvements. ' Then why did you vote against it,' in terjected the Central reporter. Mr. Langwell : I will give £50 to the Bourke Hospital if the Central or any one else can produce Ilamard to show where a vote was taken on the Land Bill. This caused long and continued cheering, ! and (he blundering inttrjector was treated to a running fire of uncomplimentary re marks. Mr. Langwell continuing, said he. did not know who the gcnrleman was, but he took it that he was iu some way connected with the Central. I'ut now he had got those people, who published the misrepresentations, on the nail, and had been able to publicly prove that what they had said about him was untrue. The Land Bill, he could inform them, was only introduced for one purpose, but it was never introduced to become law. (Cries of ' Oh ! Oh I') He would tell them why. The Government- knew that Sir Henry Parkes would move a vote of censure, and so they det«rmined to introduce the Bill for the purpose of catching votes. They succeeded, but he did not think tbey would ever see the Bill again dur ing this Parliament. Mr. Langwell then read from hanswrd the whole of his speech with regard to compensation for improve ments, which entirely disproved what had been written and said about him, and which was na.rfmn1n.rlTr rnnofi nnnn MV Willie Tie said that he bad been asked to withdraw and apologise because what he had said was unparliamentary, and while doing so, stated that it tras the first time he had even been called upon to do so. Now, he asked if any of them had ever read his speech in full. (Cries of ' Not in the Central anyhow.') He had now come openly and refuted the statements made against him. (A voice : f Thai's more than the other is game to do) j and (Laughter.) He had always beeu in | favor of compensation for improvements, and | he had never spoken against it. Another matter ne wished to refer to was the purchase of a number of books for the Bourke Mechanics' Institute. An amount of £419 had been placcd on ihe estimates for books for the Bourke, Brcwarrina and Cobar Mechanics' Institutes. When first he heard of it be went to the Department of Public Instruction, and found that Mr. Suttor, the Minister, knew nothing whatever about it. He then went to Mr. Critchjtt Walker, the principal Under Secretary who gave him some ii.formalion. He said the money had been granted to Mr. Willis for the purchase of some books from.Dymock, the bookseller, and the money had been paid. He (Mr. Langwell) could not get all tbe information he required ; 'he had not obtained it yet, but he was getting a little at a time. He had, however, obtained the opinion of gentle men who were able to judge, and that was that the books sent to Bourke were not worth more than £40. Taking the same value for Brewarrina and Cobar the total value would not be more than £120. (A voice : Another boodle.) Well, it looked like a boodle. There was not a record in the parliamentary history of the colony where any money had ever before been voted to any Member of Parliament to go and select books himself, Mr. Walker told him that Mr. Willis selected the books and they were approved by the Colonial Secretary. (A voice : What was the nature of the book -.) Well, he had seen two of them, and to say the least, they were very strong, and not fit to be in a public institution. They could judge of the character of the books, when he told them that they bore no imprint, but contained a lin& on the front page, showing that the books had been 'printed privately.' (Cries of ' Oh, oh, that's strong, perhaps they belong to the ClevelancUstreet Club. J (Great laughter.) When the matter was under discussion in the House, he spoke most strongly and voted against the amount being passed. The labor journal (derisive crics of ' Oh ') had said some people had too much influence, and others were not satisfied- He did hot know who wrote it, but he conld not help saying it was the most silly, nonsensical effusion he had ever seen. The paper said that Mr. Waddell was nearly always in the suburbs, and Langwell could never be found at all, but Mr. Willis was always in his place in the House. Slut fol lowing that it said, when referring' to something that . had occurred In the House, Waddell aud Langwell had been too cowardly to wait until Willis had returned from Cobar. So, according to their own showing, Waddell and Langwell were some times in the HouEe, and Willis was some times away from it. (Great laughter.) He liked to see a man in the House with suffi cient influence to do good £for the district, but he did not like to see a man there who worked simply for his own personal benefit. (Cheers.) There was yet another matter, and '' That's me and my little portmanteau,' said the speaker, amidst great laughter. (A voice : That's the Central a leading article,) which increased the merriment. Mr: Langwell continuing, said that showed how small were the minds of the writers, he could not call them men. Carryirg a portmanteau had caused them a deal ot trouble, (A voice : You have carried a swag.) Yes, and he could do it again. (Uheers.) Mr. Langwell said that since he was clectcd he had never used his position to defraud the Railway Commissioners or any one else, or to benefit, himself one shilling. (Cheers.) In conclusion he did not antici pate that much more \;ork would be done by this present Parliament. It was ex pected they would meet about October, when the Electorates Division Commission would have their work done, and as soon as the necessary machinery was ready an elec tion would take place. The electors of Bourke would then probably have a big choice of candidates. He urged them not to be humbugged, but to select and vote for a man who had a good character, and one upon whom they could rely in a business transaction. They should never put a man in a public position whom they could not rely upon in a private one. (Cheers.) The chairman then stated that Mr. Lang- ' well would be happy to answer any ques tions that were put to him. In reply to Mr. White, Mr, Langwell said . he was not in favour of private rail- i. ways. During the session he had been in strumental in destroying a Bill which had had for its purpose the construction of a private railway, as that would be the first ^ step towards destroying their own railways, one of the things of which the country was proud. (Cheers.) He thought the rail ways would pay if they were properly managed . Also in reply to Mr. White he said that he had always been in favor of allowing the low salaried civil servants to remain as they were, bnt he was in favor of a substantial reduction in the higher salaries. (Hear, hear.) Mi-. D. McDonald moved a vote of confid ence in Mr. Langwell. Mr. Whi'e seconded. At this point Mr. Colenzo ^sked Mr. Langwell if it was a fact that one of the books sent to the Bourke Mechanics' Insti. tute contained the rules of a club similar to that of Cleveland-etreet. _ Mr. Langwell said he had already suffi ciently indicated the character of certain of the books. - The Chairman then put the motion, whieh was unanimously carried with three cheers, Mr. Langwell returned (hanks, stating that if he were again selected to contest the electorate, and if he were elected, he would return their trust to them as clean as he re ceived it from them. He concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Mayor, which was carried enthusiastically. His Worship replied and the meeting terrain* ated. 