THE SORCERESS. Br MBS. OLIPHANT, Author ok "Thb Chronicles ok Carlino kord,"."wmtelal)ie8," " adam Gbaehe," &0. All Bights Reserved. Chapter LI. Those who were left behind were not very careful of what Colonel Kingsward did. They were not thinking of his concerns j in the strain of personal feeling the most generous of humane creatures is forced to think first of their own. Neither of the women who were left in the room had any time to consider the matter ; but if they had they would have made sure without hesitation that nothing which could happen to Colonel Kingsward could be half so important as that crisis in winch his daughter was involved. Mrs. Leigh turned round upon the girl by her side and seized her hands. " Bee," she oried, " now we are alone and we can speak freely. Tell me what it was ? There is nobody here to frighten you, to take the words from your mouth. What was it, what was it, that made you turn from Aubrey ? At last, at last it can be cleared up whatever it was." Bee turned away, trying to disengage her hands. "It is ot no consequence," Bhe said. " Ob, don't make me go back to those old, old things. What does it matter to Mr. Leigh ? and as for me " "It matters everything to Aubrey. He will be able to clear himself if you will give him the chance. How could he dear himself when he was never allowed to speak, when be did not know? Bee, in justice, in mere justice! What was it? You said your mother " " Yea, I had her then. We heard it together, and she felt like me. But we hod no time to talk of it after, for she was ill. If you would please not ask me, Mrs. Leigh 1 I was very miserable — mother dying, and nowhere, no where in all the world anything to trust to. Don't, oh 1 don't make me go back upon it 1 I am not— so very— happy, even now 1" The girl would not let herself be drawn into Mrs. Leigh's arms. She refused to rest her head upon the warm and ample bosom which was offered to her. She drew away her hands. It was diffioult, very difficult, to keep from crying. It is always bard for a girl to keep from crying when her being is so moved. The only chance for her was to keep apart from all con tact to stand by herself and persuade herself that nobody cared, and that sho was alono in the world. " Bee, I believe," said Mrs. Leigh, solemnly, " that you have but to speak a word and you will be happy. You havo not your mother now. You can't turn to her and ask her what you should do. But I am sure that she would say, Speak 1 If she were here sho would not let you break a man's heart and spoil his life for a punctilio. I have always heard she was a good woman and kind— kind. Beo," the elder lady laid her hand suddenly on the girl's Bhouldor, making her start, "she would say 'Speak' if sue w«(e uuiCi "Oh, mammB, if you were here I" said Bee, through her tears. She broke down" altogether and became in- artioulate, sobbing with her faoe buried in her hands. The ordeal of the last two days had been severe. Charlie and his concerns, and the appearance of Miss Lance, and the conflict only half understood which had been going on round her had excited and disturbed her beyondcxpres- sion, aa everybody could see and understand. But, indeed, these were but secondary elements In" the storm which had overwhelmed Bee, whioh was chiefly brought back by that sudden plunge into the atmosphere of Aubrey. The sensa tion of being in his house, which she might in othor circumstances have shared with him, of ' sitting at his table, in his soat, under the roof that habitually sheltered him — here, where ber own life ought to hare been passed, but where the first condition now was that there should be nothing of him visible. In Aubrey's house, but not for Aubrey I Aubrey banished, lest perhaps ber eyes might fall upon him by ohanoe, or her ears be offended by the sound of his voice 1 Even his mother did not understand how much this had to do with the passion and trouble of the girl, from whose oyes tho innocent name of her mother, sweetest though saddest of memories, had letforth the salt and boiling tears. If Mrs. Leigh had been anybody in the world save Aubrey's mother, Bee would have clung to her, accepting the tender support and consola tion of the elder woman's arms and her sym pathy, but from Aubrey's mother she felt her self compelled to kcop apart. "It was not until her almoBt convulsive sobbing was over that this question oould ho reopened, and in the meantime Betty, having heard the sound of the closing door, came rushing down stairs and burst into tho room. Perhaps she was not so much disturbed or excited as Mrs. Loigh was by Bee's condition. Sho gavo her sister a kiss as she lay on tho sofa where Mrs. Leigh had placed her, and patted her on the shoulder. " She will be bettor when sho lias had it out," said Betty. "She has worked herself up into suoh a state about Miss Lance. And, oh 1 please tell me what has happened. You are her enemy too." Mrs. Leigh — oh how can you misjudge her so, as if she had been tho cause of any harm. I was sent away," said Betty, "and, of oourio, Beo would not speak — but I could have told you. Yes, of oourso, I know. How could I holp know ing, being ber sister? I can't tell whethor ehe told me, I knew without telling, and, of course, sho must havo told mo. This is how it was " Bee put forth her hand and caught ber sister by her dross— but Betty was not so easily stopped. Sho turned round quiokly and took the detaining hand into her own and patted and caressed it, M It Is far better to spoak out," Bhe said, " it mtutbo told now, and though I am young and you call me little Betty. I cannot holp hoaring, can I, what people say ? Mrs. Leigh, this was how it was. Whatever happened about dear Miss Lance— whom I shall stick to and believe in whatever you say ! " cried Betty, by way of an interlude, with flashing eyes, " that had nothing, nothing to do with it. That was a story like Charlie's, I suppose, and Beo no more made a fuss about it than I should do. It was after, when Bee was standing by Aubrey, like — like Joan of Arc ; yes, of course I shall call him Aubrey — I should like to have him for a brother ; but that has got notbiog to do with it A lady came to call upon mamma, and she told a story .about someone on tho railway who had met .Aubrey on tho way home after that scene at Cologne, after he was engaged to Bee, and miserable because of papsys opposition." Betty spoke so fast that her words tumbled over each other, so to speak, in the rush for utterance " Well, be was Been," sho resumed, pausing for breath, ' putting a young woman with children into one of the sleeping carriages — a poor young woman that had no money or right to be there. He put ber in, and when they got to London he was seen talking to her, and giving her money as if she belonged to him. I don't see any harm in that, for be was alwaya kind to poor people. But these ladies did— and I suppose, so did mamma— and Bee blazed np. That is just like her. She takes fire — she never waits to ask questions— she stops her ears. She thought it was something dreadful, showing that he had never cared for her — that he had cared for other people even when he was pretending — I should have done sjuite different. I should have said, "Now look here, Aubrey, what does it mean?"— or, rather, I should never have thought any tiling but that he was kind. Ho was always kind — silly, indeed, about poor people, as so many are." Mrs. Leigh bad followed Betty's rapid narra tive with as much attention as she could con centrate upon it; but the speed with whioh the words flew forth, tho little interruptions, the ex pressions of Betty's matured and wise opinions, bewildered her beyond measure. 41 What does it all mean?" she asked, looking from one to another when the story was done. 41 A sleeping carriage on the railway— a woman with children— as if she belonged to him? How could a woman with children belong to him?" Then Bhe paused and grew crimson with an old woman's painful blush. Is it vice, horrible vulgar vice, this child is attributing to my boy ?" The two girls stared, confused and troubled. Bee got. up from tho sofa and put her hands to her head, her eyes fixed upon Mrs. Leigh with an appalled and horrified look. She bad not asked herself of what Aubrey had been accused. She hod fled from him before the dreadful thought of relationships she did not understand, of something which was the last Insult to ber, whatever it might be in itself. Vulgar vice ! The girls were cowed as If some guilt had been imputed to themselves. "You are not like anything I have known, you girls of the period !" cried the angry mother. "You are acquainted with such thinge aa I at my age bad never heard of— you make accusa tions !— But now— He shall answer for himself," she said, flaming with righteous wrath. Mrs. Loe went to the bell and rang it so violently that the sound ochoed all over the house. 11 Go and ask yonr master to coroc here at once— directly — I want him this moment," she said, stamping her foot in her impatience. And then theie was a pause. The man went off and was seen from the window to cross the street on his errand. Then Bee rose, her tears hastily dried up, poshing back from her forehead her disordered hair. 14 1 had better go. If you havo sent for Mr. Leigh it will better that I should go." Mrs. Leigh was almost incapable of speech. Sho took Beo by the shoulders and put her back almost violently on the sofa, 44 You shall stay there," she said in a choked and angry voice. What a horrible pause it was ! The girls were silent, looking at each other with wild alarm. Betty who had blurted out tho story, but to whom the idea of repeating it before Aubrey — before a man 1— was unspeakable horror, mado a step towards the door. Then she said, 44 No, I will not ruQ away," with tremendous courage. 44 It is not our fault," sho added, after a pause. 44 Bee. if I have got to say it agaiu, give me yonr hand." " It is I who ought to say it," said Bee, pale with the horror of what was to come. Vulgar vice 1 And she to accuse him, and to stand up before the world and say that was why I It seemed a long time, but it was really only a few minutes, before Aubrey appeared. He came in quickly, breathless with hasto and suspense. He expeoted from what his mother bad told him, to find Miss Lance and Colonel Kingsward there, He came into the agitated room and found, of all people in the world, Bee and Betty, terrified— and his mother, walking about the room, sounding as it were a meta phorical lash about their cars, in the fiank passion of an cider woman who has the most iust cause of offence, and no reason to bate hor breath. There was somsthing humorous in tho tragic situation : but to them it was wholly tragic, and Aubroy seeing for the first time after so long au interval the girl he loved, and seeing her in suoh strango circumstances, was by no means disponed to see any humorouB side. 44 Here, Aubroy!" said his mother, 44 1 have oalled upon you to hear what you are accused of. You thought it was Laura Lance, bat sho has nothing to do with it. You are accused of travelling from Germany — that time when you were seut off from Cologne— tho timo those Kingawards' turned upon you — " (The girls started both, and recovered themselves a little at tho shock of this contemptuous description) 44 travelling in sleeping carriages and I know not what with a woman and children— who were bo- lieved to bolong to you ! What have you to say ?" "That was not what I said, Mm. Leigh." 44 What havo you to say ?" cried Mrs. Leigh, waving her hand to silenco Betty, 44 the accused has surely the right to speak first." 44 What have I to say ? But to what, mother ? What is it ?— was I travelling with a woman and ohildren? I suppose I was travelling — with oil the women and ohildren that wcro in tho same train. But otherwise, of course you know I was with nobody. What does it mean ?" Bee got up from the sofa like a ghost, her blue eyes wild, her faoe pale. 44 Oh, let us go, let us go I Do not torment us," she said. 44 1 will acknowledge that it was not true. Now that I see him 1 am sure it was not truo. I was mad. I was so stung to think— hire. Leigh, do not kill me ! I did him no harm ; do not, do not go over it any more 1" 44 Go over what?" cried Aubrey. 44 Beo ! She can't stand, she doesn't see where she is going. Mother, what on earth does it matter what was against me, if it is all over? Mother, how dare you torture my poor girl?" This was naturally all the thanks Mrs. Leigh got ior hor efforts to unravel the mystery, which the reader knows was tho most innocent mystery, and whioh has never boon cloarod up or thought of Binoe that day. It came clear of itself tho moment that Aubroy, only to support her, took Bee Into his arms. Chapter LIL The Sorceress walked very slowly down the street. She had the Bensatlon of having fallen from a great height, after the exoltement of having fought bravely to keep her plaoe thoro ; and of having anticipated every step of a combat still more serere which yet had not come to pass after her previsions. It had been a fight lasting for hours, from the moment Betty all unconscious had told her of the bouse in which Charlie was. That was in the morning, and now it was late afternoon, and the work of the day, the common work of the day in which all the innocent common people about bad been employed, w&6 rounding towards its end. It seemed to her a long, long time that she had been involved, first in imagination, in severe thought, and then in actual conflict— in this struggle, fighting for her life. From the be ginning she had made up her mind that she should fail. It was a consciously losing game that sho bad fought so gallantly, never giving in ; and indeed she was not unaware, nor was she without a languid satisfaction in the fact that she had indeed carried the honors of the field, that it would not be said that she bad been beaten. But what did that matter ? Argument she knew and felt bad nothing to do with such affairs. She had known bersoif to have lost from the moment she saw Colonel Kingsward standing there against the mantelpiece in the diningroom. It had not been possible for her then to give in; to turn and go forth into the street flinging down her arms. On the contrary, it was her nature to flght to the last ; and she had carried off an apparent victory. She had marched off with colors flying from the field of battle, leaving every enemy confounded. But she herself entertained no illusion in the matter. It was possible no doubt that her spell might yet be strong enough upon her middle aged captive to make him ignore and pass over every thing that told against her— bnt after consider-' ing the situation with a keen and close survey of every likelihood, she dismissed that hope. No, her chance was lost — again ; the battle was over — again. It had been so near being success ful that tho Bhcck was greater perhaps than usual ; but she had now been feeling the shock for hours ; so that her actual fall was as much a relief as a pang, and her mind full of resource, obstinately sanguine, was becoming ready to pass on to the next chance, and had already sprung up to think — What now? I am sorry that in this story I have always been placed in natural opposition to this woman, who was certainly a creature full of interest, full of resource, and indomitable in her way. And she bad a theory of existence, as it is my opinion we all muBt havo, making out to our selves the most plausible reasons and excuses for all we do. Her struggle, in which she would not have denied that she had sometimes been unscrupulous, had always been for a standing ground on which, if once attained; sbo could have been good. She had always promised her self that she would be good when once she had attained— oh, excellent! kind, just, true!— a model womnD. And what, after all, bad been her methods? There had been little harm in them. Here and there somebody had been in jured, as in the case of Aubrey Leigh, of Charlie Kingsward. To the first she had indeed done considerable harm, but then she bad soothed the lifo of Amy, his little foolish wife, to whom she had been more kind than she had been unkind to him. She had not wanted to be the third person between that tiresome couple. She had stayed in his house from a kind sense of duty; and had Aubrey Leigh indeed asked her to become his second wife she would, of course, have accepted him for the sake of the position, but with a grimace. She was not particularly sorry for having harmed him. It served him right for— well, for being Aubrey Leigh. And as for Bee Kingsward, she had triumphantly proved much to her own surprise, it must bo said, that it was not she who had done Beo any harm. Then Oharlie— poor Charlie, poor boy ! he thought, of course, that he was very miserable and badly used. Great heavens ! that a boy could have the folly to imagine that anything could make him miserable at 22, a man, and with all the world before him. Miss Lance at this moment was not in the least sorry for Charlie. It would do him good. A young fellow who bad nothing in the world to complain of, who had everything in his favor— it was good for him to bo unhappy a little, to be made to remember that he was only flesh and blood after all. Thus she came to the conclusion as she walked along that really she had done no barm to other people. To herself, alas ! she was always doing harm, and every failure made it more and more unlikely that she would ever succeed. She did not brood over her losses when she was thus defeated. Sho turned to the next thing that offered with what would have been in a better , cause a splendid philosophy ; but yet in moments like this she felt that it became every day more improbable that she would ever succeed.' Instead of the large and liberal sphere in which she always hoped to be able to fulfil all the dutieB of life in an imposing and remarkable way, she would have probably to drop into— what? a governess's place for whioh she would already be thought too old — some dreadful position about a school— some misorable place as housekeeper — she with all hor schemes, her hopeB of better things, her power over others. This pro spect was always before hor, and came back to her mind by moments when she was at the lowest ebb ; for Bhe had no money at all. Sho had always beon dependent upon somebody. Even now her little campaign in George-street, Hanover Square, was at the ex pense of the friend with whom she bad lived in Oxford, and who believed Laura was concerting measures to establish herself permanently in some remunerative occupation. These accounts would havo to bo settled somehow, and some other expedient bo found by whioh to try again. Woll 1 ono thing done with, another to come on — was not that the course of lifo ? — and there was a certain relief in the thought that it was done with. The suspense was over; there was no longer the confliot between hope and fear, whioh woarB out the nerves and clouds the clear ness of one's mental vision. Ono down, another come on I She said this to horsolf with a forlorn laugh in the depthB of her being ; yet not so very forlorn. This woman had a kind of pleasure in the now start, even when she did not know what it was to be. Thero are a great many things in wbioh I avow I have the greatest sympathy with ber, and find her more interesting than a great many blameless people. Poetic justice is generally in books awarded to such persons. But that is, one is aware, not always the case in life. 'While Miss Lance went on quietly along the long unlovely street, with those thoughts in her mind, walking more slowly than usual, a little languid and exhausted after hor struggle, but as has been said frankly and without arricrcpensie giving up the battle as loat, and accepting hor defeat — she became suddenly aware of a quiok firm footatop behind, sounding fast and con tinuous upon the pavement. A woman like this has all her wits very sharply about her, tho ears and tho sight of a savogo, and an unslumboring habit of observation, or sho could nevor carry on her career. She heard the step and instinctively notod it boforo her mind awoke to any sense of moaning and importance in it; Then, all atonco as it came just to that distance behind which mode it apparent that this footatop was follow ing — some ono who went before— it auddonly slackoned without stopping, becamo slow when it had been fast. At this her thoughts flew away liko a mist and sliebeoamo all ears; but sho was too wise to turn round, to display any interest. PcrhapB it might be that ho was only going his own way, not intending to follow, and that he had Blackened his paoe unoonsoiously without ulterior motives when ho saw her in | front of him— thongh this Miss Lance scarcely believed. Perhaps, I will not affirm it, she threw a little moreof her rcallanguor and weariness into her attitude and movements when she made this exciting discovery. She was in reality very tired. She had looked so when she left the house ; perhaps sho had forgotten her great fatigue a little in the course of ber walk, but it now came back again with double force, which is not unusnal in the most matter of fact cir cumstances. As her pace grew slower, tho footstep behind became slower also, but always followed on. Mhs Lance proceeded steadily, choosing the quietest streets, pausing now and then at a shop window to rest. The climax came when she reached a window which bad a rail round it, upon whioh she leaned heavily, every lino of her dress expressing with a faculty which her garments specially possessed exhaustion which could scarcely go further. Then she raised her head to look what the place was. It was fall of embroideries and needlework, a woman's shop, where she was sure of sympathy. She went in blindly as if her very sight were cloodcd with her fatigue. 44 1 am very tired," she said, 44I want some sUk for embroidery ; bnt that is not my chief object. May I sit down a little? I am so very tired." 44 Certainty ma'am, certainly," cried the mistress of the Bhop, rushing round from behind the counter to pUce a chair for her, to offer a glass of water. She sat down so as to be visible from the door, but still with her back to it. The step had stopped, and there was a shadow across the window— the tali shadow of a man looking in. A smile came upon Miss Lance's face— of gratitude and thankB to the kind people — also perhaps of some internal satisfaction. Bnt she did not act as if she were conscious of anyone waiting for her. She took the glass of water with many acknowledgments ; she leant back on thecbair, murmuring, "Thanks, thanks," to the exhortations of the shopwoman not to hurry, to take a good rest. She did not hurry at alL Finally she was so much better as to be able to buy her silks, anddeclaringberself quite restored to go out again into the open air. She was met by the shadow that had been visible through the window, and which, as she knew. very well, was Colonel Kingsward, stiff and ombarrasaed, yet with great anxiety in his face. 44 1 feared you wore ill," he said, with a little jerk, the words coming in spite of him. 44 1 feared you were fainting.'? 44 Oh, Colonel Kingsward, you !" M Yes— I feared you were fainting. It Is— nothing, I hope?" s "Nothing but exhaustion," she said, with a faint smile. 44 1 was very tired, but I have rested, and I am a little better now." 44 Will you let me call a cab for you? you don't seem fit to walk ?" 44 Ob, no cab, thanks. I would much rather walk — the air and the slow movement does one a little good." She was pale, and her voice was rather faint, and every line of her dress, as I havo said, was tired — tired to death — and yet not ungracefully tired. " I cannot let you go like this alone." His voice softened every moment ; they went on for a step or two together. 44 You had better — take my arm, at least," he said. She took it- with a little cry and sudden clasp. " I think you are not a .mere man, but an archangel of kindness and gooduess," she said, with a faint laugh that broke down, and tears in her eyes. And I think that for that moment, in the extiaurdinary rovulsion of feeling, Miss Lance almost believed what she said. Chatter LIIL "What more is there to say ? It is better when one is able to deal poetic justice all round, to reward tho good and punish the evil. Who are the good and who arethe evil ? We have not to do with murderers, with breakers of tho law, with enemies of God or man. If Aubrey Leigh had not been exceedingly imprudent, if Bee bad not been hotheaded aud passion&to;, there would never havo been that miserable breach betwoen them. And the Sorceress who destroyed for a time the pcaoe of the Kingsward family really never at any time meant that family any real harm. .She meant them indeed to her owu con sciousness all the good in the world, and to pro mote their welfare in every way by making them her own. And as a matter of fact sho did so, devoting herself to their welfare. She made Colonel Kingsward an excellent wife, and adopted his children into her sedulous, and un remitting care, with a zeal which a mother could not have surpassed. Her translation from tjoheming poverty to abundance, and that grace ful modest wealth whioh is almost tho most beautiful of the conditions of life was made in a way which was quite exquisite as a work of art. Nobody could ever havo suspected that she had been once poor. Sho had all the habits of the best society. There was nowhore they could go, even into . tho most exalted regions, where the new Mrs.- Kingsward was not dis tinguished. She extended the colonel's con nections and interest, and mado his house popular and delightful ; and sho was perfect for bis children. Even tho oounty pooplo and near neighbors, who were tho moat critical, acknow ledged this. Tho little girls soon loarned to adoro their step mother ; the big boys admired and stood in awe of her, submitting more or less to ber influence, though a little suspicious and sometimes half hostile. As for baby, who had boon in a fair way of growing up detestable and a little family tyrant, his father's new marriago was the saving of him. Ho scarcoly knew as he grew up that the former Miss Lanco was not his mother, and ho was said in tho family to bo her idol but a very well disciplined and woli behaved idol, and tho one of the boys who was likely to h&vo; the fiuest career. Charlie,' poor Charlie, was not so fortunate, at least at first. Tho appointment which Colonel Kingsward declared he had been look ing out for all along, was got as soon as Charlie was able to accept it, and he left England when he was little more than convalescent. People said it was strange that a man with considerable influence, and in the very centre of affairs, should havo sent his eldest son away to the ends of tho earth, to a dangerous climate and a diffioult poBt. But it tur&od; out very well on the whole, for after a few years of languor and disgust with tho world, thero suddenly fell in Charlie's way an opportunity of showing that thero was, after all, & great deal of English pluck and courage in him. I do not think it came to anything more thau that— but then that, at certain moments, has been tho foundation and tho saving of the British Empire in various regions of tho world. Thero waB not one of his relations who celobrated Charlie's buccoss with so much fervor ao his stop-mothor, who was nevor tired of talking of it, nor of declaring that alio had alwayB expected as much, and known what was in him. Dear Oharlie, she said, had fulfilled all her expectations, and made hor more glad aud proud than wordo could say. It was & poor return for this matornal dovotion, yet a molanoholy foot, that Charlie turned away in disgust whenevor be heard of her, and could not endure hor name. Bee, whoso little troubles have been so much the aubjeot of this story, accomplished her fate by becoming Mrs. Aubroy Leigh in the natural course of events. There was no family quarrel kept up to scandaliso and amuse society, bnt there never was much intercourse nor any great cordiality between tho houses of Kiugswarden and Forest Leigh. I think, however, that it was against her father that Bee's heart revolted most. (the bhd.) 