Ipitcratute. ALL ALONG THE RIVER, By MISS ML E. BRADDOU, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or 'All in Honor,' 'Aurora ? Floyd,' ' The Cloven Foot,' ' Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Just as I Am,' 'Taken at the 3?ioo3,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' ' Weavers and Weft,' &c;, &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter TIL— ' What Tcened the Mast : HEAns AND B&OKE; THE HBAKT3.' ' iBoia fancied that her adventure was all over and done with after that ceremonious call of enquiry ; but in so narrow a world as that of Trelasco it was scarcely possible to have seen the last of a man who lived within three miles ; and she and Lord Lostwithiel met now and then in the course of her solitary rambles. The walk into Fowey, following the old dis used railway, was almost her favorite and one which she had occasion to take oftener than any other, as Tabitha was a stay-at-home person and expected cer young mistress to do all the marketing, so that Isola had usually some errand to take her into the narrow street on the hillside above the sea. It was at Fowey that she oltenest met LostwitbieL His yacht, the Vendetta, was in the harbor under repairs, and he went down to look at the work daily, and often dawdled till dusk npon the deck watching the carpenters or talking to his bap tain. They had been half over the world together— master and man—and were as familiar as brothers. The crew were half English and half foreign ; and it was a curious mixture of languages in which Lostwithiel talked to them. They were most of them old hands on board the Vendetta and would have stood by the owner of the craft if he had wanted to sail np the Phlegethon. She was a schooner of SO tons, built f o* speed, and with a rakish rig. She had cost, with her fittings, her extra silk sails forraoing, more money than Lostwithiel cared to re member, but he loved, her as a man loves his mistress, and if she were costly and exacting she was no worse than other mistresses, and she was true as steel, which they are not always, and so he felt that he had money's worth in her. He showed her to Isola one evening from the promontory above the harbor, where she met him in the autumn sundown. Her work at the butcher's and the grocer's being done ehe had gone np to that airy height by Point Neptune to refresh her self with a long look seaward before she went back to her home in the valley. Lostwithiel took her away from the point and made her look down into the harbor. 'Isn't she a beauty?' he asked, pointing below. : Her inexperienced eyes roamed about among the boats, colliers, fishing boats, half a dozen yachts of divers tonnage. ' Which is yours ?' ehe asked. 'Which? Why there is only one decent boat in the harbor. The schooner.' She saw which boat he meant by the direction in which he wared his stick, but was not learned in distinctions of rig. The Ven detta, being under repair, did not seem to her especially lovely. 'Have you pretty cabins?' ehe asked childishly. ' Oh, yes, they're pretty enough ; but that's not the question. Look at her lints. She skims over the water like a gulL Ladies seem to think only of what a boat looks like inside. I believe my boat is rather exceptional, from a lady's point of view. Will you come on board and have a look at her?' 'Thanks, no; I couldn't possibly. It will be dark before I get home as it is.' 'But it wouldn't take you a quarter of an hour and we could row you up the river in no time— ever so much faster than you could walk.' Isola looked frightened at toe very idea. 'Not for the world,' ehe said. 'Tabitha would ? think I had gone mad. She would begin to fancy that I could never go out with out overstaying the daylight and troubling you to send me home.' ' Ah, but it is so long since you were last belated,' he said in his low caressing voice, with a tone that was new to her and different from all other voices ; 'ages and ages ago — half a lifetime. There could be no harm in being just a little late this mild evening, and I would row you home — I myself under the new moon. Look at her swinging up in the grey blue there above Polrnan. .She looks like a fairy boat anchored in the sky by that star hanging a fathom below her keeL I look at her and wish — wish — wish.' He looked np, pale in the twilight, with dark deep-set eyes, of which it was never easy to read the expression. Perhaps that inscrutable look made those sunken and by no means brilliant eyes more interesting than some much handsomer eyes— interesting with the deep interest that belongs to the unknowable. ' Good-night, '.said Isola. ' I'm afraid that I shall be very late.' 'Good-nigh*. You wculd be earlier if you would trust to the boat.:- He held out his hand and she gave him hers, hesitatingly for the first time in their acquain tance, and it was after this parting in the wintry sundown that she first began to look troubled at meeting him. The -troubled feeling grew upon her some bow. In a life so lonely and uneventful trifles assume undue importance. She tried to avoid him, and on her journeys to Fowey shefinished her business in the village street and turned homewards without having climbed the pro montory by that rugged walk Bhe loved so welL It needed some self- denial to forego . that keen pleasure of standing on the windy height and gazing acrosB the western sea towards Ushant and her native province, but she knew that Lord Lostwithiel spent a good deal of his time lounging on the heights above the harbor and she did not want to meet him again. Although she- lived her quiet life in the shortening days for pearly a month without meeting him she was not allowed to forget his existence. Wherever she went people talked about him and speculated about him. Every de tail in his life was discussed and argued about ; his yaoht, his political opinions, his talents, his income, his matrimonial prospects, the likeli hood or unlikelihood of his settling per manently at the Mount and taking the harriers, which were likely to be without a master within a measurable distance of time. There was so little to talk about in Trelasco and those scattered hamlets between Fowey and IiOBtwithieL Ieolfl found herself joining in the talk at afternoon tea parties, those haphazard drop pings in of charitable ladies who had been their rounds among the cottagers and come back to the atmosphere of gentility worn out by long stories of woes and ailments, sore legs and rheumatic joints, and were very glad to discuss a local nobleman over a cup of deli catsly-navored Indian tea in the glow of a flower-scented drawing-room. Among other houses Mrs. Disney visited Glenaverill, Mr. Crowther'e great red brick mansion, with its pepper-box turrets and Jacobean windows, after the manner of Bur leigh House by Stamford town. Here lived in wealth and state quite the most important family within a mile of Trelasco, the Vaneittart Crowthers, erst of Pilbury Mills, near Stroud, now as much county as a family can make itself after its bead has passed his fortieth birthday. Nobody quite knew bow Mr. Crowther had come to lie a Vansittart — unless by the easy process of baptism and the complaisance of an arlsto cratio sponsor, but the Crowthers had been ' known in Stroud for nearly t*e hundred years and had kept their saoks upright, as Mr. Crowthet called it, all that time. Fortune had favored this last of theCrow thera and_ at forty years of age he had found himself rioh enough to dispose of his business to two younger brothers and a brother-in-law and to convert himself into a landed proprietor. He bought up all the land that was to be had about Trelasco. Cornish people cling to their land like limpets to a rock ; and it was not easy to acquire the ownership of the soil. In the prosperous past when land was paying nearly four per cent, in other parts of England, Cornishmen were content to hold estates that only yielded two per cent. : but the days of deoay had come when Mr. Crowther entered the market and he was able to buy out more than one gentleman of ancient lineage. When he had secured his land he sent to Plymouth for an architect, and he so harried than architect and so tampered with his draw ings that the result of much labor and outlay was that monstrosity in red brick knowa in the neighborhood as GlenaveriL Mr. Crow ther's eldest daughter was deep in Lord Lytton's newly-published poem when the house was being finished and had imposed the euphonious name upon her father— GlenaveriL The house really was in a glen, or at least in a wooded valley, and Glenaveril seemed to suit it to perfection, and eo the romantio name of a romantic poem was cut in massive Gothic letters on the granite pillars of Vansitta.rH Crowther's gate beneath a shield which exhi bited the coat of arms made and provided by the Herald's College. Mrs. Vansittart Crowther was at home on Thursday afternoons, when the choicest Indian tea and the thickest cream, coffee as in Paris, and the daintiest cakes and muffins which a professed cook could provide furnished the zest to conversation, for it could scarcely be said that the conversation gave a zast to tho3e creature comforts. It would be perhaps nearer the mark to say that Mrs. Crowther was sup posed to sit in the drawing-room on these occasions while the two Miss Crowthera were at . home. The mistress of Glenaveril was not an aspiring woman, and. in her hearb of beartB she preferred Gloucestershire to Corn wall, and the stuccoed villa on the Cheltenham road, with its acre and a half of garden open to the blazing eun and powdered with the summer dust, to Glenavnril, with its solemn belt of woodlands and its too spacious grandeur. She was not vulgar.pr illiterate. She ne^erVjaisplaced an aspirate.' She had learnt to play the piano and. to talk French at the politest) of young ladies'* r schools 'at Chel tenham.' .She never dressed outrageously or behaved rudely. She had 'neither red hands ' nor splay feet. She was in all things. blame- less ? and yei Belinda and Alicia, terdan/fbters, were ashamed of her and did their utmost to keep her, and her tastes, and her ' opinions in the background. She had no style. She was not ' smart.' She seemed incapable of grasp ing the ideas' or understanding the ways of smart people ; or at least her daughters thought so. ' Your mother ia one of the best women I know,' said the curate of Alicia, being on the most confidential terms with both sisters, 'and yet you and Miss Growther are always trying to edit her.''1 'Father wants a great deal more editing than mother,' aaid Belinda, 'bub there's no use in talking to him. He is encased in a com plete armor of self-esteem. It made my blood run cold to see him taking Lord Lostwithiel over the grounds and stables the other day — praising everything and pointing out this and that— and even saying how much things had cost f ' ' I daresay it was vulgar,' agreed the curate, 'but its human nature. I've seen a duke be have in pretty much the same way. Children are always proud of their new toys, and men are but children of a larger growth, don't you know ; and you'll find there's a family resem blance in humanity which is stronger than training.' 'Lord Lostwithiel would never behave in that kind of way — boring people about his .stables.' 'Lord Lostwithiel doesn't care about stables— he would bore you about his yacht, I daresay.' 'No, he never talks of himself or his own affairs. That is just the charm of his manner. He makes us all believe that he is thinking about us, and yet I daresay he forgets us directly he is outside the gate.' ' I'm sure he does,9' replied Mr. Colfox, the curate. 'There isn't a more selfish man living than LostwithieL' The fair Belinda looked at him angrily. There are assertions which young ladies make on purpose to have them controverted. Mrs. Disney hated the great red brick porch, with its vaulted roof and monstrous iron lantern and the bell which made such a clamour, as if it meant fire, or at least dinner, when she touched the hanging brass handle. She hated to find herself face to face with a tall footman, who hardly condescended to say whether his mistress were at home or not, but just preceded her languidly along -the broad corridor, where the carpet was so thick that it felt like turf ? and flung open the drawing-room door with an air and pro nounced her name into empty space, so remote were the half-dozen ladies at the other end of the room, clustered round, Belinda's tea table and fed with cake by Alicia, while Mrs. Crowther sat in the window a little way off with her basket of woolwork at her side and her fat somnolent pug lying at her feet. To Ieola it was an ordeal to have to walk the length of the drawing-room, navigating her course amidst an archipelago of expensive things — Florentine tables, portfolios of en gravings, Louis Seize jardineres, easels, otto mans — to the window where Mrs. Crowther waited to receive her, rising with her lap full of wools to shake hands with simple friendli ness and without a vestige of style. Belinda shook hands on a level with the tip of her sharp retrousse nose and twirled the silken train of her tea-gown with the serpentine grace of Sarah Bernhardt. She prided herself on those serpentine movements and^languid graces which belong to the Greco Belgravian period, while Alicia held herself like a ramrod and took her stand upon being nothing if not sporting. Her olive cloth gown and straight starched collar, her neat double-soled boots and cloth gaiters, were a standing reproach to Belinda's silken slovenliness and embroidered slippers, always dropping off her restless feed, and being chased surreptitiously among silken flounces and lace frills. Poor Mrs. Crowther. disliked the guard's collar, which she* felt waa writhing premature wrinkles upon her younger girl's throat, but she positively loathed the loose elegance of the Indian silk teagown, with its wide Oriental sleeves, exhibiting naked arms to the broad daylight. That sloppy raiment made a discord in the subdued harmony of all those tailor-made gowns — well worn ' some of them — olive, and grey, and indigo, and russet, and Mrs. Crowther was tortured by the conviction that her elder daughter looked disreputable. She was fond of Isola Disney. In her own simple phraseology she had ' taken to her'' and pressed the girl-wife to come every Thursday afternoon. ' It must be so lonely for you,' she said gently, ' with your husband so far away and you such a child, too. I wonder your mamma doesn't come and stay with you for a bit. You must always come on our Thursdays. Now, mind you do, my dear.' ' I don't think our Thursdays are remark ably enlivening, mother,' said Alicia, object ing to the faintest suggestion of fuesiness, the crying sin of both her parents. And then ehe turned to Isola and measured her from head to foot. ' It's rather a pity you don't hunt,' she said. ' We had a splendid morning with the harriers.' 'Perhaps I may get a little hunting by and by when my husband comes home.' - . ' Ah, but one can't begin all at once, and this is a difficult country, breakneck hills and nastyf ences. Have you hunted much 2' 'Hardly at alL I was out in a boar hunt once near Angiers, but only as a looker-on. ' It was a grand eight. The Duke of Beaufort came over to Brittany on purpose to join it.' *' How glorious a boar hunt must be ! I must get my father to take me to Angiers next year. Do you know a great many people there ?' ' No, only two or three professors at the college, and the Marquis de Querangal, the gentleman who has the boarhounds. Hie daughter used to visit at Dinan, and she and I were great friends.' 'Lord Lostwithiel talked about boarhunt ing the other night,' said Alicia. 'It must be capital fun.' ' His name recurred in this way, whatever the conversation might be, with more certainty than any given number on the wheel at roulette. He had been there in the evening, thought Isola. There had been a dinner party, per haps, at which he had been present. She had not long to wonder. The name once pro nounced, the stream of talk flowed on. Yes, there had been a dinner, and Lostwithiel had been delightful ; so brilliant in conversation as compared with everybody else ; eo overflowing with wit and satire. 'I didn't hear him say anything very muoh ont of the common,' said Mrs. Crowther in her matter-of-fact way. She liked having a nobleman or any other local magnate at her table ; but she had too much common sense to be hypnotised by this magnificence, and made to taste milk and water as Maronean wine. ' Do you know Lord Lpstwithiel?'' Belinda asked languidly as Isola sipped ber tea, sitting shyly^in the broad glare of a colossal fireplace. '? Oh, yes, by-the-by. you met Mm here the week before last.' Mrs. Disney blushed to the roots of those soft tendril-like curie whioh clustered about her forehead, but she said never a word. She bad no occasion to tell them the history of that meeting in the rain or of those many subse quent meetings which had drifted her into almost the familiarity of old friendship. They might take credit to themselves for having made her acquainted with their star if they liked. She had seen plenty of people at Dinan in those sunny summer months when visitors oame from Dinard to look at the old quiet in land city. Lostwithiel's rank had no bewilder ing influence upon her mind. It was himself -Something in his look and in his voice, in the mere touch of his hand — an indescribable something whioh of late had moved her in. his presence and made her faintly tremulous at the very sound of his name. He was announced while they were talking of him, and he seemed surprised to come sud denly upon that slim unobtrusive figure almost hidden by Belinda's flowing garment and fuller form. Belinda was decidedly handsome — handsomer than an heiress need be ; but she was just a shade larger than an heiress need be at three and twenty. She was a Rubens beauty, expansive, florid, and fair, with reddiah auburn hair piled on the top of her head. Sitting between this massive beauty and the still more massive chimney-piece Mrs. Disney was completely hidden from the new arrival. He discovered her suddenly while he was shaking hands with Belinda, and his quick glance of pleased surprise did not escape that young lady's steeley blue eyes. Not a look or a breath ever does escape observation in a village drawing-room. Even the intellectual people, the people who devour all Mudie's most solid books — travels, memoirs, metaphysics, agnoa tio novels — even these are as keenly interested in their neighbors' thoughts and feelings as the unlettered rustic in the village street. Lostwithiel took the proffered cup of tea and planted himself near Mrs. Disney, with his back against the marble caryatid which bore up one_ half of the cbimneypieee, Alicia asked him about his yacht. How were the re pairs going on? and so on, and so on, delighted to air her technical knowledge. He answered her somewhat languidly, as it the Vendetta were hardly paramount in his thoughts at this particular moment. 'What about this ball?' he asked pre sently. 'You are going to be there of course?' 'Do you mean the hunt ball at Lost withiel?' ' Unquestionably ! What other ball could I mean? It ia the great festivity about these parts— the one tremendous event of the winter season. It was a grand idea of you new people to revive the old festivity which had become a tradition. I wore my first dress coat at the Lostwithiel hunt ball nearly twenty years ago. I think it was there I first fell in love with a young lady in pink tulle, who was miserable because she had been mistaken enough to wear pink at a hunt ball. I con doled with her, assured her that in my eyes she was lovely, although her gown clashed — that was her word I remember— with the pink coats. My coat was not pink, and I believe she favored me a little on that account. She gave me a good many waltzes in the course of the evening, and I can answer for her never wearing that pink frock again, for I trampled it to shreds. There were traces of her to be found all over the rooms, as if I had been Greenacre and she my victim's body.' 'It will be rather a humdrum ball, I'm afraid,' said Belinda. 'All the best people eeem to be away.' 'Never mind that if the worst people can dance. I am on the committee, eo I will answer for the supper and the champagne. You like a dry brand, of course. Miss Crowther?' ' I never touch wine of any kind.' 'No! Then my chief virtue will ba thrown away upon you. Are all young ladies blue ribbonites nowadays I wonder ? Mrs. Disney, pray tell me you are interested in thechampagne question.' ' I am not going to the ball.' 'Not going! Oh, but it is a duty which you owe to the oounty. Do you think because you are an alien and a foreigner you can flout our local gaieties— fleer at our solemnities. No, it is incumbent upon you to give U3 your support).' ' Yes, my dear, you must go the ball.' put in Mrs. Crowther, in her motherly tone. ' You are much too young and pretty to stay, at home, like Cinderella, while we are all enjoying ourselves. Of course you must go. Mr. Crow ther has put down his name for five and twenty tickets and I'm sure there'll be one to spare for you, although we shall have a large house party.' ' Indeed, you are too kind, but I couldn't think ? ' faltered Isola, with a .distressed look. She knew that Lostwithiel was watching her from his vantage ground ever so far above her head. A man of six feet two has con siderable advantages at a billiard table and in a quiet flirtation carried on in public. ' If it is a chaperon you are thinking about I'll take care of you,' urged good Mrs. Crow ther. 'No, it isn't on that account. Mrs. Bayn ham offered to take me in her party. But I really would much rather not be there. It would seem horrid to me to be dancing in a great dazzling room among happy people while Martin is in Bunnab, perhaps in peril of bis life on that very night.1 One can never tell. I often shudder at the thought of what may be happening to him while I am sitting quietly by the fire. And what should I feel at a ball?' ' I should hardly have expected you to have such romantic notions about Major Disney,' said Belinda coolly, 'considering the dif ference in your ages.' 'Do you suppose I care the less for him because he is twenty years older than I am ?' ' Twenty 1 Is it really as much as that 1' ejaculated Mrs. Crowther, unaffeotedly shocked. ' He is just as dear to me,' pursued Isola warmly. ' I look up to him and love him with all my heart. There never was a better, truer man. From the time I began to read history I always admired great soldiers and — I don't mean that Martin is a hero — only I know he is a thorough soldier and he seemed to realise all my childish dreams.' She had spoken impetuously, fancying that there was some slight towards her absent hus band in Miss Crowther's speech. Her flash of anger made a break in the conversation and nothing more was said about her going or not going to the hunt ball. They talked of that entertainment in the abstract — discussed the floor, the lighting, the band, and the great people who might be induced to appear if the proper pressure were put upon them. ' There is plenty of time,' said Lostwithiel, ' between now and the twentieth of December — nearly three weeka. Time for you and your sister to get new frocks from London or Paris, Mies Crowther. Yon mean having new frocks, I suppose ?' *' One generally does have a new frock for a dance,' replied Belinda, 'though the fashions this winter are so completely odious that I would much rather appear in a gown of my great-grandmother's.' Lostwithiel smiled his slow secret smile high up in the fainter firelight. He was reflecting upon his notion of Miss Crowther's great grandmother in linsey- wolsey with a lavender print apron, a costume that would be hardly impressive at a hunt balL He did not give the young lady credit for a great-grandmother from a society point of view. There was the mother yonder — inoffensive respectability — the grand mother would be humbler— and the great grandmother he imagined at the wash-tub or cooking the noontide meal for an artisan hus band. He had never yet realised the idea of numerous generations of middle-class life upon the same plane, the same dead level of pros perous commerce. \- iBola rose to take leave, after having let her tea get cold and dropped half her cake on the Persian rug. She felt shyer in that house than in any other. She had a feeling that there Bhe was weighed in the balance and found want ing; that unfriendly eyes, were scrutinising her gloves and hat and appraising her features and complexion. She felt herself insignificant, colorless, insipid beside that brilliant Miss Orowther, with her vivid beauty and her self assured airs and graces. Tabitha urged her to be of good heart when she hinted at thase feelings. : 'Why, Lord have mercy upon us, madam, however grand they may all look, if s nothing but wool — only wool — and I heard there used to be a good deal of cotton mixed with it after this Mr. Crowther came into the busi ness.' The dusk was thickening as she went along .the short avenue which led to the gates. Mr. Crowther, having built his house in a wood, had been able to cut himself out a carriage drive, which gave him an avenue of more than two centuries growth, and thus imparted an air of spurious antiquity to his demesne. He felt as he looked at the massive boles of these old Spanish chesnuts as if he had belonged to the soil since the Commonwealth. Even the lodge wra an important building, Tudor on one side and monastic on the other, with that agreeable, hodge-podge of styles which the modern architect loveth. It was a better house than the curate lived in, as he often told Miss Crowther. Isola quickened her pace outside that solemn gateway and seemed ta breathe more freely. She hurried even faster at the sound of a fcots step behind her, though there was no need for nervous apprehensions at that early hour in the November evening on the high road between Fowey and Trelasco. Did she know that firm quick footfall, or was it an instinctive avoidance of an unknown danger which made her hurry on till her heart began to beat stormily and her breath came in short gasps ? ' My dear Mrs. Disney, do you usually walk as if for a wager?' asked a voice behind her. ' I can generally Ret over the ground pretty fast, but it was as much as I could do to over take you without running.' He was not breathless, however. His tones were firm and tranquil. It was the who could hardly speak. 'I'm afraid I am very late,' she answered nervously. ' For what ? For afternoon tea by your own fi reside? Have you anybody waiting for you. at the Angler's Rest that you should be in such a hurry to get home V 'No, there is no one waitiner except Tabitha. I expect no one.' ' Then why walk yourself into a fever ? 'Tabitha gets fidgety if I am out after dusk.' 'Then let Tabitha fidget! It will be good for her liver. Those adipose people require small worries now and again to keep them in health. You mustn't overpaoe yourself to oblige Tabitha.' She had slackened her pace and he was walk ing by her Bids, looking down at her from that superb altitude which gave him an unfair advantage. How could she escape those searching glances ? She knew that her way home was his way home, so far as the bend of the road which led away from the* river ; and to avoid him for the intervening distance would have been difficult. She must submit to his company on the road or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to make. ' You mean to go to this ball, don't you ?' he asked earnestly. ' I think not.' ' Oh, but pray do. Why should you shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world and live like a nun always? You might surely make just one exception for such a grand event as the bunt ball. You have no idea how much we all think of it hereabouts. Remember, it will be_ the first public dance we have had at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. You will see family diamonds enough to make you fancy you are at St. James's. Do you think Major Disney would dislike your having just one evening's dissipation ?' ' Oh, no, he would not mind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister in Hans place, where there would have been gaieties of all kinds, but I don't want to go into society while Martin is away. It would not make me happy.' 'But if it made someone else happy — if it made other people happy to see you there?' 'Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. I am a stranger in the land. People are only kind to me for my husband's sake.' ' Your modesty becomes, you as the dew become: a rose. I won't gainsay you — only be sure you will be missed if you don't go to the balL And if you do go— well, it will be an opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in county society. '- 'Without my husband? Please don't say any more about it, Lord LostwithieL I had much rather stay at home.' He changed the conversation instantly, ask ing her what she thought of GlenaveriL 'I think the situation most lovely.' ' Ye3, there we are all agreed. Mr. Crowther had the good taste to find a charming site and the bad taste to erect an arcMfcec'ural- mons- trosity, a chimera in red brick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crowtbers have the advantage of acorns and chesnuts that sowed themselves while the sleepy old monks were telling their beads. How do you like Miss Crowther V' ' I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her. She is very handsome.' 'So was Rubens's wife, Helena Forman ; but what would one do in a world peopled with Helena Formans? There are galleries in Antwerp which no man should enter without smoke-colored speotaoles if he would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red-haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthers will have at least a million of money between them in days to come and that they are destined to make great matches. Perhaps we shall see some of their soupirants at the balL Since the decay of the landed interest the chasse aux dots has become fiercer than of old.' This seemed to come stiangely from him who had already been talked of as a possible candidate for one of the Miss Crowthers. It would be such a particularly suitable match, Airs. Baynham, the doctor's wife, had told Isola. What could his lordship look for be yond a fine fortune and a handsome wife? 'They would make such a splendid pair,' said Mrs. Baynham, talking of them as if they were carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow from the high road to the river-path which was the nearest way to the Angler's Nest. The river went rippling by under the gathering grey of the November evening. On their right hand there was the gloom of dark woods, and from the meadow on their left rose a thick white mist like a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars dipping with rhythmical measure was the only sound except their own voices. Did that three- quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual? Isola hardly knew, but when she saw the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen and the fire glow in the drawing-room she was glad with the gladness of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. 'Good-night,' he said, ''good-night. You will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Disney ? It is not in one bo gentle as you to be inflexible about such a trifle. Say that you will honor our ball.' She drew herself up a little, as if in protest against his pertinacity. 'I really cannot understand why you should oare whether I go or stay away,' ehe said'coldly. ' Oh, but Ldo care. Ib is childish perhaps on my part,. but I do care; I care tremen dously ; more than I have cared about'- any thing for a long time. It is so small a thing on your part— it means so much for me. Say you will be there.' ' Is that you, ma'am ?' asked Tabitha's pleasant voice, while Tabitha's substantial soles made themselves audible upon .the gravel path. ' I was beginning to get fidgety about ' Good night,' said Isola shortly, as she passed through the little gate. ~ It swung to behind her and Bhe vanished among the laurels and arbutus. He heard her voice and Tabitha's as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maid. There was a great overblown Dijon rose nod ding its heavy head over the fence. Hoses linger so late in that soft western air. Lost withiel plucked the flower and pulled off its petals one by one as he walked towardB the village street. 'Will she go — will she stay — go— stay — go — stay ?' he muttered as the petals fluttered to the ground. 'Go! Yes, of course she will go,' he said to himself as the last leaf fell. ' Does it need ghost from the grave or rose from the garden to tell me that?' (To be continued. ) 