I " I ? " SAMT IZÂA1L" -*--sw ' m (MR, JtioHARD JIB GALLIESSB, IN THE " NEW . i ltKVIKW.") The angler who merely angles for the sake ot what he can catch is not so much an angler as a fishmonger. The truer angler is more often, like Mr. Lang, "no fisher, but a well-wisher to the game," such a one as Mr. Bridges describes in one of the loveliest of his verses - "Sometimes an angler comes and drops his hook Within its hidden depths, and 'gainst a tree Leaning his rod, reads in some pleasant book, Forgetting soon his pride of fishery; And dreams, or falls asleep, While curious fishes peep About his nibbled bait, or scornfully Dart off and rise and leap." How much better to be this angler who only dreams to have one's creel empty indeed, but one's head sweetly giddy with the shining "ghosts of fish" - the angler who fishes for the sake of doing something else, to "some incognisable end," which certainly is not trout. It is curious to note that that fantastic natural history which was the scorn of the fierce scientific Franck is one of the features of the "Compleat Angler" which most attracts us to-day. Aldrovandus, AElianus, Dubra- vius, Rondeletius - what names had the scientists of those days! Names monstrous to the eye as the monsters they celebrate. It is hard sometimes to make up one's mind whether Walton's solemn deference to these extinct naturalists of the extinct is not a form of humour with him, as indeed one some- times wonders, too, of his no less fantastic piety. Take, for instance, his familiar argument in favour of anglers that four of Christs disciples were fishermen, and "first, that He never reproved these for their employment or calling, as He did scribes and the moneychangers. And secondly, He found that the hearts of such men by nature were fitted for con- temptation and quietness; men of mild, and sweet, and peaceable spirits as indeed most anglers are... And it is observable that it was our Saviour's will that these our four Fishermen should have a priority of nomination in the catalogue of His Twelve Apostles, Matt. x 2-4, Acts i 13, as namely, first St Peter, St Andrew, St James, and St John, and then the rest in their order. It is difficult for us to realise that Walton probably meant all this quite seriously, so hard is it by any stretch of imagination to transport oneself into that atmosphere of primitive in- nocence in which the childlike soul of Walton breathed. But to doubt Walton's absolute seriousness in such a passage is to miss one of the essential conditions of his te mpernment, its complete, unquestioning re liance upon authority Ile wns entirely tlie product ot the old order A\ e see in linn an exquisite example of that perfection of chnrneter winch that old order not in frequently developed Ile is perhaps more the ideal Churchman than the ideal Chus tian, a respecter of castes and un unquestion ing supporter of the powers that be He is thetjpo of man who (.rows obediently as he is trained, and gives God the ejorj But a catnt is of necessitv somewhat in human, and I/aak being a true saint he was not doubtless, without saintlj drawbacl s thoue.li the} lire certain!} hurd tu discour To adapt Wordsworth s sonnet he was a saint who wrote with a quill dropt from an angelswnifc One can har Hy think ot one so innocent minded writing so well lhere li I wa) H seems a spice of the devil in an} form of skill and we don t readilv think of the good mini being clever al well It net ms a ii sort of w iel educas in him somehow ">. et with till his piety Walton artlessl) wrote a prose style which our youu- self conscious jirqiatmi.< may well envy Alus that style should be independent alike ot absinthe or conversion ' With what charm in" instinctive nrt too he planned lim pus toral miniated lim dialogues ami introduced his variations 1 rom hw chosen theme Hu» an} one else brought the singinc, of birds the frn.rincc of meadows, the meditative peace of tlie riverside, into a book, with so und)ing a trcshncss as he-and all with a simple word or two And how well he knew daintily to set a Hpn_ of otd fushiomd pot try but choicel) fcool here and there amone, his pa(,es nour} thus immortalised b} the association-for no other writer so bul lows his quotations, 