THE ONE TOO MANY.* Bt Mes. LYNN LIN'TON. Chaftfr VI. When Effie eot home she found three girls waiting for her in her " den." They had been there for about an hour, and were evidently as much at home as if the place had been their own diggings, as they would have called it. Each girl was smoking a cigarette, and the ordinary Jitter, characteristic of Effie's apartment, was in tensified. Books and papers strewed the floor; one pen was deep in the ink ; another was draining itself on a sheet of paper covered with rather weak caricatures ; chairs were everywhere but in their proper places ; teacups, a bottle of brandy and some soda water bottles were on a side-table ; and there was a general look of " bay " throughout. This was excusable in girls who had been classmates together, going in for all their exams at the aarue time, and always maintaining that kind of intimacy special to schoolboy friends and college chums. When Effie entered, two of the girls greeted her noisilythese were Carrie Mason and Julia Belcarro; but the third, Laura Prestbury. was of a more languid kind and contented herself with a sedate smile, still keeping her place on the sofa. "Why, you old rascal, where have you been V screamed Carrie Mason. She was a pert, snatrtfbse3^~ derer, audacious little girl, leak like a B",A. than the , kind of person one /Bees,behind a bar when ahafl prevails, and the buar-haanla^^yyiing j lady serving out the drinks'jdves wd-good as j the gets. 'v " You are a frand ^ her dark eyes full of a sdraiu^_Jygij(>t-fnn j that was but another phase of passion. j Laura said nothing. Anaemic by constita-f tion and sentimental by nature, on the one side j she accentuated her purelyfemininecharacter- i istics by a certain artificiality of pose which i made her willow-wand-like grace leas charm-! ing than else it would bare been, because: touching it with affectation—on the other she i spoilt her natural architecture by the in- j harmonious addenda of masculine habits and . vulgarities. She was built after die type of the ideal Polish countess, or of the French femmt incomprvie whose husband is just a fret benhomme without poetry or imagina tion. Had she l>een bora a couple of genera tions earlier, she would have been one of the Laura Matildas of the time—a dia phanous, moonlight-haunting creature who played the harp and wrote poetry to the stars, and who would have caught cold by trailing over the dewy grass in satin shoes, listening to the nightingale, in a " low neck and abort sleeves," and never as much as a shawl to cover her pretty, eloping shoulders. As things were, owing to the changed pat tern of the sex, she had been a "collegian" working against nature at things ntterly foreign to her sympathies; and she was still living a life of strain and unwholesomeness, which could have no end but mischief. She smoked incessantly, drank strong tea.and stronger coffee, took pick-me-ups of all kinds, from brand; to Chartreuse, from bovril to Eastern's elixir. She thought and pondered much in her own way; breaking her shapely little head against the unanswerable questions of life and destiny; devoured by discontent and the natural ordering of tilings; and given up to that morbid kind - of intro spection—that fatal intellectual depression which robs thepreseot of all its joys and the future of all its hope. At fwerity-tbree her own sad and sick- con fession was' that nothing was worth the trouble, and that emphatically life wss not worth the living. - Yet she was pretty, well-off, idolised by her parentB, and so far successful thatshe had published a rolume of despairing poems, had brogghtjher a potinconsiderable amount of kudos. For ail that/she had given herself over to the profoundeat spiritual ' melancholy;' and : with every material cirqnmstarioe ,of he*,life on velvet, crowned herself daily: with thorns, wnd, lot no earthly reason that anyone could find out, pricked,heir bwn heart till it bled. "1 have been, to WhitechapeJ," 'paid Effie; *lnn4 w«ahept longer than f intended." / f.' What were,itou doing at AVhitechapel 7' 4„.,« m inquisitive us a pie,' and poked -hose of hers' info tfkff ~ hthfere ate .two poor, women I know— I nteffervntionwages^-' sweated 'to jbfie'of those horrible German T&ting;'up bur poorastbelady tpfiis. Ope of them has just * """iS'dyihg'Of ©Onsumption. en fceart OomMned. '' PWful Stories, Effie," ' said J alia Belcarro, liinziag ap her hands ■ with a gf-stur* got Iroru her Italian lather. " It is the same wherever we tarn." said i Laura with a sigh. "Nothing; bat miser?! Nothing bat tears, and sorrow, and disease, • and broken hearts P i "It was letter for everyone that the child should dic," said Kffie. " The mother can not live, and the poor little kid roast have gone to the workhouse and that is not a . very desirable up- bringing, anyhow." " Where is the lather?- asked Carrie. Erne tosswi her head. " Oh ! he does not want," she said. "He is no one and nowhere—a wandering navvy, or sailor, or something, who deserted that lock less Martha as soon as be got her into troable. A brute " Poor thing P said Julia, sympathies!!?. "Her own fault P screamed Carrie, viciously. The pert little girl was a very dragon in certain directions, and her profess d con tempt for the inferior creature, man. made her pitiless to women who loved less wisely than too weP. " This miserable world P said Laura, throwing away the end of her cigarette and clasping her hands liehind her head. "Why i <io we ail live in the midst of such honors . because there is something bettt-r be { hind," said Ktfie, stoatly. " It is not ail j misery, L&ora.; Some creatures are happy." j " LjunifS," was the bitter reply. " Larnle i frisking in the meadow, and the butcher coming through the gate. What nonsense i you talk, Ktfie ! With pain and death, and ; the unsatisfied longings of the soul, how can yoa sneak of happiness !" '* Well, life cs it is is the l«st we know," said Effie, philosophically. And we hate always our activities and propaganda," said the snub-nosed little pie. ' And Prince Charming round the corner," j breathed Julia, with a forced laugh. For Prince Charming was her cherished : dream, and she did not like to bring that radiant vision within the limits of prosaic discussion. " Prince Charming!" sneered Carrie. "A brute in boots who kicks you death V " An ideal as unsubstantial as heaven—as baseless as a dream—as much a mockery as all the rest!" said Laura in her despairing i Ob! you are such a Misery! laughed j Effie. "And all Prince Cbarmtnga dont , kick their wives' to death, Came. A few of ! them are honest fellows, and make that i women happy, in a way. My father does, for one." Like a grocer," said Lanra. ^ " Xo, like a gentleman," said Julia, who always took up the cudgels for the men. ^ " One swallow doesn't make a summer, sniffed Carrie. " Hut u men were all as bad as you say, Carrie, society would not hold together," objected Effie, sensibly enough. If marriage vasbboi ft complete failure®s uiit, ! women would not marry and put themselves : in the power ot a husband, any more than they would put themselves in the power of any other beast of prey." " Instinct and ignorance are too strong," murmured Laura "and thecruelty ot nature cannot be resisted." " And women aire fools and* men are knaves," said Carrie. " Which sums up the situation. So new let as talk of something else," said Effie with a heightened colour. "For I know some men who are not knaves, and some women who are not tools." , . "And when they see not they dont marry," said Game. " Perhaps because they cannot, said Julia. " ' You're aiblins nae temptation.'" "Carrie,"said Kffiesuddenlj;*my cousin George Armstrong did not mash that sDly little Spiore woman. He swears he did not; and he never told a lie in his life. " She says be did." returned Carrie.; "and she ought to know." " She has dreamt it," said Effie; she u hystericaL" " And George Armstrong, cousin of yours as be may he, Effie, is only a man," said Carrie. "Bah! Yon are absurd, Carrie, with your sex-enmity," said Effie, halt- laughing, balf frowning. : * " Perfectly ridiculous," said Julia, as the chorus. " Well. Julia, I am not such a general lover of the conquering savage as you are," answered Carrie. ** You are fit only for a wigwam, and to be the Bqoaw of some painted brave who would pound you into a jelly half the time. You we no better than an erotic mollusc." " And yon are a misanthropic echinus," re taliated Julia. Whereat they all laughed, and the verbal foils were dropped. Their semi-masculine education had done these mentally unsexed girls so much good that they vrere able to' bear chaff artd opposition without " flying," as the less disciplined ate wont to do when scratched with a pin in discussion, or played with a little roughly. These fonr were in a sense like boys; and even Lanra Prestbnty might stand as toe analogue of one of those " mother's darlings," who are like pots that have gone astray in toe baking. Physically weaker than most women, mentally morbid to hysteria, her habits were, pa has been said, those of a young man rather than of a gentle lady, and her knowledge was oh a par with her habits. All these girls, indeed, knew fqr i too much for their own happiness or the grace of sex ;and simplicity of soul was one of toe virtues they bad lost. . , . Some more talk of a desultory character followed on toe little passage-a banns that bad taken place between top., man-hater .and the man-lover, and then tbe threeprepared to go ; but Effie kept Laura Prestoury to dinner, she nothing loth to stay. Dissatisfied as she was, she preferred soy place and any I circumstances to that she had; and, Idolised though toe was at home, she was never so wretched as-when at home.' Her whole nature seemed to have been., warped 1 and, toe physiologist would have understood - why. Educated beyond her physical strength, ber nerves had become diseased,, her brain un healthy, ber blopd vitiated. And:toe Exaggerated cultivation ot her.intellect had stunted both instincts andnatural affections, tiUlittleor nothing was left ofeither, J5he was one of, toe many victims -to; toe intellectual ambition of toe modern! woman •—so intellectual ambition - which ^ ignores physical disabilities as, well sasll^ toot .differentiates women > from men, and makes toe charm, toe beauty, end toe usefulness Pf toe sex. ■; . : .... s • .•. ,i. . v Jtwssodd.on.tbemere, face of itr tost Effie, strong, vigorous, unpoetically healthy as she waa, should prefer this neurotic pewi miBttoehher ;of her,other chpms, apparently more of berownkind. But the cause was not far to seek, Tbissiokly• willpw-wand appealed to tost love of protection which the good-natured strong possess. Thougb what ought to have been Effie s maternal had b?WPC|' riWf* bp1 ffipd sudchftrapter, vmlepower rather,thap feminine devotion, thfo.ffid lust as well- as the more' natural thing in her intercourse with this poor self tormenting Misery. is she called Lsnw ! Prestbury when she wanted to r.'Ose her out I i > f her tits of gloom. An i what if. human ; natare being sncii a queer compound, there , j was just a dash of vanity its trtis sense of ! protection—well, Jet it pass. The whole I, block cannot be of gold, j "I am so glad you can stay." she said. 1 when th*y were alorte. nivi Laura had 1 srconthed the silken Ihrht-- rirn iiair. which ! was like so much span-si'k. an ! htfce had j rsmplel her sliort, dark, *;ry !.>-k- into a j picturesque likeness to a young Furry-surzy. ■ " If you coo Id not h.ive staye-t i should not f hare seen yoo for ever so long. We are j '^ring town for the summer." 1 j " W here do you go ' " asked Laura, j " To a place called Summer HII. in Devon | shire." sahJ Ktr.e. i " What on earth takes you so far as that ? | And it always rains in Devonshire," objected , the Misery. • " My mother has an old schoolfellow there, sa Mrs. Winter West, who *;ints us to go : ■ and as she has never l<een tii»-re since her ' honeymoon, and I have never r*-en tliere at j all, she thought it a good opportunity." I "Where's the opportunity!" drawled | Laura. [ '"Ob! I did not tell you Iefore: her ' daughter is going to l»e marri^i. I believe, to . the toff of the place : and cr.ere is a bouse to 'be let for the summer months : so we are i going." | V And what will your po> >r people do with out yon!"asked Laura: "those wretched I creatures yon went to see to-day, for in • st&nc;^?9 ' " They must do the (est they can, said Effie. " I cannot be bound to them for ever and always." j " Ah! that is the worst of undertaking j anything." sighed Laura. " There comes j the inevitable break, when the last state of j that person is worse than the first." " Or the half-loaf better than no bread,' was the more cheery rejoinder. "Von seel there are two ways of looking at life, Laura.j It is not all oakmu and skilly." " Nor all beer and skittles," said Laura. "Optimism is so silly! It belongs to theI childhood of races and the childhood of the intelligence. Nothing surprises me so much as your cheerful views of this wretched life of ours, you who know lietter and un derstand the gnawing pain of it all." " That's just it. 1 don't understand that gnawing pain. I think life a jolly thing enough, though of course we have drawbacks and limitations.'' 1 don't see where the jollity comes in," said Lama gloomily. " In death and disease, in futile yearnings, in disappointment, in the dost and ashes of even success—is there jollity in all these? But there make up life." " And other things, too," said Effie, "We have our energies and activities, our power of doing good, of learning, of loving, of enjoying," " With Ibeen's ghosts as our Nemesis, and the hue of the Master Builder to round off our efforts!" " Ah! the. Master, great as he is, takes only one view of it all. There is always that other." £_said Laura ; " the to us iF'we^dbjwt see it ? j sclipse ana the always there." ot se the weep- j is ? " said j ..on*" t'A' Why«B*^^t!i^ Sow Dot t To add Mother sorrow, another diaaPusnUiifiit, another ideal, un attainable for the one put and a horrible dMIlaskshperitforflre other—ia this tire kind of tbingto make one more in love with life than ooeis?" v ■ "Surdy aM loyeii not a disappointment," said Effie, ritb a alight shadow of dreaminess j in her voice and eyes, ao slight as to be un- j observed hy her melancholy companion. "AUltuudiiuai her hands clasped be hind her head in her favourite attitude of despair. "The feverish dream of a few weeks, and the life-long misery of the •waking." ; If all things were h&rmonions; !" asked All things never are hanoonious!" re tnrned Laura." Then is always some rift in tbe late, always a fly in the ointment. Either «efigip«vor money, or difference of station, or something horrid to spoil the Ik gets spoilt even worse when fnl "Ohl you are too badsaid the other a li tie seriously. )' I do not know much ifawt tfae tMiK myself, but I can't help think ing that people do find happiness In love " Groat*** Said Laura, for the second time todry sang the French equivalent for ihe"3repm03eJrhiliBtine—"a grocer who loves his wife and children, pays his taxes, and doesnot JUsber himselt about the un knowable and unattainable." " You are just a Misery and no mistake I" laughed .Kffie. -" But-what would the world <do without love for its poems and pictures?" ,. "Its rot you mean,"said Laura, trench antly. . . " No, ita -KU^ Copbetua and Queen Lihussa," Baid Jlffie ," What . rubbi^J,'' said Laura. " King Cophefua , vrilh A beggar girl for a wife—a thing fogf 9M}jj)C,ru»t Jiave managed her train fo gave her jifo J-r- Qoeen Libnasa with a peasant who.|would»iive eaten with his knife and said' yog v^as' -and' them there blokes'.! I thought you were saner than this, Effie.". : " Well, yoo I teliev e in the intrinsic tpore. ,lh^ /^n rao,. said Effie, " A .roan Waybe ofIoV(lyu|rth and yet a hero; we irfvigMftilffap.ln- iwwwy. ' * skipa the details," said Laura. f^ypmlpwIy^IW^IniB:ht heall very well In '* - ,.btijtip the modem dfowing .j** /fiend's tej inferior is a ctime in ;s re at all is g folly, bot Pffiofr^hs won1d;a^vefo j Effie,, jumping I iSjMly; ,. the g<dig and The j wtolfi pwjgiy." ; '• i Pfjmrigtr," said! fjwt wjiy ypp ik .mfo the per fe yon wptii ist you ha £nd bfpri ngjpintpf torthatjt -rr,l0Tei ier, she where the Chegwins were waitirg for the second summons. "Ah, Niobe :" said Mr. Chegwin, as the girl enters). He was one of those genial and familiar who Take's quasipaternal tone to all the young. And he had a talent for mck tfie - names of an inoffensive kind. " Ho®- do too do, Mrs. Chegwin V said Laura, mindful of her manners—for, in spite of all the slang and vulgarities of these young women when by themselves, they were gentlewomen by birth and inheritance, and could go track to the original shibboleth at a moment's notice when required. " How do you do. Mr. Chegwin * " she con tinued in hpr best torm. "Any more reconciled to .the laves of nature and things as they are?" laughed the host. "Crying still for wings and the moon 7' " No." said Laura, without a smile to ' brighten her melancholy countenance or lift : — u-onis into the region of fun. " I do • up her words into the region of fun. " l ao not tind things much changed siiioe yesterday; and vesterday a stray cat killed my parrot, ■and my mother's oldest friend died of 'cancer." . 1 " All in the way of nature, said Mr. Cheg win. " Cats help to keep down the redundant i population of birds and mice, and we have not vet conquered disease. And never shall 'if the sentimentalists have their way about . science," he added in an undertone, i " Because it is all in the way of nature, I that does not make nature other than cruel i and desolating." said Laura. I " But what are we to do, you silly wench ! ! cried Mr. Chegwin, eood-humouredly. " Are we not going to have lamb for dinner * We are all in the same boat with the cats and the tigers, the kites and the hawks. It is only the cook that makes the difference 1 " " I do not eat meat," said Laura, i " That was a woman's answer, if you will i excuse my saying so," said Mr. Chegwin. ! " Because you do not individually do such and such a thing which the rest of animal creation does, that does not affect the lan one single hair's breadth. We are talking of the law, not the exceptions." " Ah, well! the law is abominable," said Laura; " and all that you say only strengthens my position." At that moment the gong sounded again, and the small party filed down to dinner. Among other bids into which Laura Prest bury bad given was thai of vegetarianism. What a contrast her elegant abstinence offered to the frank bon-vivancy of Mr. and Mrs. Chegwin, and to the healthy rather large appetite of Effie! The Chegwins re minded one of the father and mother in UEnfaid Prodigut, when they we sitting at table before their greet sorrow has fallen on them, so naively contented with themselves and all the world, so honestly enjoying the material pleasures of life. And Laura w as as the Boy who withdraws himself from those groGS physical enjoyments, glooming over the nameless sorrow that oppresses him. It told something for the good-nature of the Chegwins that they were able to bear ao ! pleasantly with this melancholy daughter of' despair. She cut against their theories, ' their practice, their temperament; but they took her with the same jovial patience as that with which they took the stray earwig in their salad when picnicking in the woods, and laughed at her pessimistic absurdities with the same superficial contempt as that with which they laughed at the Mahatmas and the Psychical Society. Had they been more earnest-minded they would not have been bo tolerant, bnt pooocurantiam makes a verv I good substitute for magnanimity. Though Laura Presttmry was A vegetarian, j she was not a blue-ribbonite. She drank wine freely, and almost more than was be- J coming in a mil. And of different kinds she preferred the stronger. Hence she liked Burgundy better than claret, and port better! than either. She took aheny -in preference I to hock, and brandy-and-aoda rather than j sherry. She lived on stimulants, material! and mental, and burnt heraelf out at all four corners. This was the net result of that! boasted Higher Education which had ruined } her nervous system, prematurely initiated her into the darker secrets of life, and by these two things together destroyed the very ' well-spring of her health and happiness. " My dear giti, how can you expect to be strong or healthy on one pea and ball a potato?" cried Mr. Chegwin, with good homonred remonstrance. " Better that than cause the. suffering and i death ofli vine cream res," said Lama. A' Besides meatclog8 the brain"—"Mo, nourishes," put in Mr. Chegwin—'" arid darkens, the light of the spirit," continued Laura. i | " Fal-lal-lal," said Mr. Cbegwjnrhls month fall of roast lamb. " Nature made plan om nivorous—a flesh, fruit, and grain-eating animal; snjjjjremired diet Is best for all of us fromwfl accounts.. "I do nqt'-tiiiiW.«v" said Laura with | g th>reT*_\a\dl Efiie, from | the heights of her medical experience. " We ate constructed for that mixed diet, as father says; and all want to be nourished with the fibrine of red meat in due proportion with grain ami fruit."; " Leave Ker 'afone," said Mrs. ,C|v blandly. " If she likes to eat only ye let her do As she likes. Nogood iseve'rgbt I by thwarting any one." !. ■ j . ,f■. ii.-I: \- "Thank you, dear , Mo. Chegwin," (said ^3he ^s too obstinately misera&e;/td pare much ToV either oppoeitiori or advopaicy. ' ' '"'Wheri'! Is the happy-day,*LatrrAT Arid where is thehAppy man! "laughed Mr Oheg win.jbreaking the old lunoeagBipBtbisgo comfortable young friend'* .rast,_ . 1 " In the mobn, said Laura. ' , "Together with the lost wlts'Of tnah?" I asked tile host, laujjhing.' WelI,I thibk.theWitsof man must be i lost, before they faU injove," said tbe pessi mist 'Sobad as that?" was hls reply. " v ? JOh^moderri girls fareAlfwnti-Protic,'' said! \- m* Mot all," laughed Effie, thinking of jnlia I .what the Higher ; Education j teaches?"Bsked Mr.Chegwin. *; ! \- "Certainly.^ i «J. m ; *£Misiike«omen?" w'*** w*i>-i1 *5-' 8^ Ahttdd£red alittieaffPctedfob ■'5 . :ttonsensesaid5 Mr..-<Jhr#wJrii 1 Why bow u the world to go on if.l alftbat j L&men; dieout." ■ V Arid leave ibeearthto wildbeestsI... biois of prey ? . I thinkiWAucau jlobett*'! tiijpitiia^; said Mrrti oi Wj MMrftfaaaeewwBKwj little more in^Ji^oeaudenwdediJ- ," 'I | That; Ui^eLmo!&jt;|pnp^^ j j^tiou/jaid 1 * " \ehav^not n^e'snlih^g^Hiing of1 it thrt H wo«M be a Iom if ^ - Laura. c **Bt, "Oh, come! I say! That i^a profane," objected Mm. Oh^wTn ^v?-littl« put hereliy the mil ot the Almightr e lre have to do as He has ordained * ' *na *e " And one of those ordinances is that - tnen and women shall mam c!? tr?nHE who* where* Miss Laura? That *Lutn >00 of all yonr black fancies." d ^re " That would kill me outright" . answer. ' 88 net , " Nyellv] would be quick , here, said the mother, speaking ® ..nt maternal standpoint. m the " Oh ! 1 shall never many," said Effie «-.l a canons little undertone of &erinn;«Vh striking up through her surface fan nes* *'• ««* obi^uf 1™* " It would be better for her if she we» . little more so, eaid her mother drib " Now. mother, you wonld not want mem u a dilly dolly kind ot thing, I am sure "Jin Effie; " flirting about with all manner of mil and making -your life a burden to you with looking after me." •* You need not go into extremes, my dear" said the mother; " and you might be & jmL less eccentric than you are and v«t not ! mere, silly, flirty doll." 01 a " You must take me as t am, I guns - said Effie with nonchalance. 1 " So it seems," said the father. " And I suppose you might be better and you might " A deal worse,M said Effie, ** And marriage would improve you," said the mother. " Well, let us see, who is it to he!" she asked chaffingly. " George," said the mother. "Or my poodle?"said Effie. "The one is about as fit as the other." " Why, bless my soul, you young monker what do you want?"cried her father viva ciously. " Someone with more brains than poor George," said Effie. " A gentlemen of good birth and position; a fine handsome fellow six foot two and as brave as a lion ; a man your equal in every way, and just the sort of man to make a good husband—what more do you want?" " My equal!" said Effie with sudden pride. " A man I could respect and lock up to, if notfor birth or absolute amount of knowledge, yet for hia brain- calibre, his ambition, his in tellectual aspirations, his plasticity of mind. George Armstrong is a good sort, I daresay, of his kind—I know he ts—but it is a kind I do not care for, and I would as soon think 01 marrying " " A shoeblack," said her father. " Yes, a shoeblackor a policeman," said Effie. " Oh, you girls with your Higher Educa tion, you are dreadful!" said Mrs. Chfgwin with a smile. " And now come upstairs. You bave talked enough nonsense tor this time, at all eventa. Let poor father have his half-hour of quiet!" 