'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION r . J* \me, which in the worst — to have no appe tite for ymir dinner, or to have no dinmr /or i/onr appetite - There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; ive either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense ol it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry niun is a healthy man : whereas a man who ought to cat aud doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of ' alteration and repairs.' To il lustrate. We recently received a com munication in which tbe writer says, ' 1 was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on '! If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 188!) I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelvemonths, and then all at once, so to speak, 1 did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary i articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in tbat way, ap peared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coatcd and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then 1 was greatly troubled with wind. II would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circum - stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls 'a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled oil' him. ' 1 dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of eating, and many -i scanty meal hare J made, fur I was a fraid to eat. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me lose a good deal -of sleep.'' What he means by the fear of ' something guing to happen ' is, of course, the fear of souiecalamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the im poverished state-of his blood (the life bearer), bis unstrung, nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination; ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a family depending on me. So 1 struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of des cription. J am mini no one has snji'ci ed no much as 1 huce -/»hc.' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless /multitude who -are all -the while goingthrough the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to ' conie in touch with them. ? _''.i ; : Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read iiTa book of a case e.ractly lil;e hit oicn having been cured by Mother Seigcl's Syrup. _ ' My wife,' he says, ' got me a bottle at Mr. Langst%ff's, iu Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) ' Geobge Hcnt, ' Car Bottom Road, ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr.: Hunt's , desire, in otder that part of ^he. Worid Aatileast^iiiay bum reason. ?: 