QUEER AINU CUSTOMS. When the Ainu meet they rub their hands together in a peculiar manner, invoking blessings upon each other the while, and may con tinue the procedure for a consider able time. Then they stroke their beards, making a curious rumbling sound in the throat, and again rub their fingers and palms together, after which the beard is once more stroked and the business of the in terview begins. The woman behave in a still more curious manner. They do not salute their own sex at all, but are extremely respectful to the men, covering their eyes and looking down on the ground when they pass a male acquaintance or even a male stranger. On entering a hut where a man is, a woman first of-all removes her head dress and hangs it on her left arm. She then brashes back her front hair, and covers her -mouth with tier right hand. All this is preliminary. When she sees that the man designs to look at her, she draws the right index finger across the left palm, up the left arm to the shoulder, thence across the face beneath the nose, and so round backward behind the ears. When Ainu, especially Ainu wo men, meet after a separation that. has lasted some time, they have a pretty way of telling each other their experiences in a sort of chant, and in the plesantest sound of their singularly sweet voices one forgets their wild and unkempt looks. The Japanese women are equally remarkable for the sweetness of" their voices, but have the advan tage over their Ainu sisters of de licate and dainty ways, the charm, of which the most stolid globe trotter .is constrained to own. If the women of Ainumosliiri, as the Ainu call their land, are the drudges of the men in their youth and mid dle age, their opportunity for re venge comes withthe lapse of years.. I The curses of an angry old wo ! man excite the utmost terror in the bravest bear-hunter. He flies panic struck from such names as. shunuma-ash (mangy deer), ton toneppo (bald-pated boar) or, worst of all, rai-guru (corpse), or inaosak guru (godless fellow). After death her ghost is regarded with even, deeper dread. 