TIE MIMHIGET kBRIMAGEA \------ JADAPTED F3o0 ITS GERmAf BY HEEII Efcerri .· Zealand is attached on its north-western aide by a narrow; barren, sandy neck of land to a fertile peninsula, upon which stand -several small and scattered. villages. These, unitedly, form a single parish. Beyond the -furthermost the country extends over a wild, deselate region of ever-shifting sandhills, to the stormy Cattegat. In this dreary region there was formerly a village called Rirwig, which stood back about a mile from the sea; but the quick sands undermined the village, and the fisher men reconstructed their cottages further from the shore. The church, which was erected upon a rocky eminence, now stands, mournful and solitary, surrounded by the ceaseleasly moving desert. One night in the early half of the last century the aged pastor of Rirwig sat in his dull, lonely chamber, wrapped in profound meditation. It was nearly midnight. The house was situated at the end of the village, and the dpor, in common with every other in the place-for. the honest fishermen knew nothing of either bolts or bars-was only secured by a simple latch. 'hhe lampburned feebly, and the solemn silence was only broken by the hollow roar of the waves upon the shore. Suddenly the old ma; heard the door open, and the sound of footsteps upon the stairs. This caused him no concern, for he supposed thct it would prove to be a summons to the death-bed of some neighbor who needed spiritual consolation. But the good pastor was mistaken. As he looked up, two strangers, wrapped in light-colored cloaks, entered theroom. The old man stared' silently and affrightedly at the strange. figures, which -seemedl to his excited imagination, to have .something ghost-like'in their appearance, ONL Ohepfthe twosadvanig.said i ' " Sir, we require yoeuto:accompany us 'in stantly .to celebrate. a marriage in yonder church, where the bridal pair:are impatiently awaiting you. This"-laying a. well-filled purse upon the table--" will recomnpense you for your trouble at so awkward an hour." W1hen the old Lutheran pastor had collected his thoughts sufficiently to reply, he began to remonstrate, and pointed out to the strangers that his sacred office did not permit him to perform the solemn rite of matrimony with out previous knowledge of the intentions of the parties concerned and those preliminary formalities which thelawrequired. "That may possibly be," the second stranger imperatively interposed, "but you have your choice. Do as we command, and receive your reward, or refuse and"- He tapped the butt-end of a pistol with his hand. " You give me no choice," replied the clergyman, pale with terror; and, rising, he threw on his cloak and hat, and exclaimed: "I am ready to follow you, but I protest. against this indecency and outrage." The two strangers had spoken in Danish,' but in a manner which indicated that they. were foreigners. Starting, they walked on quickly through the midnight stillness of the village, followed by the minister. It was a dark, moonless autumn night. When they arrived within sight of the church the'clergyman saw that it was lighted up. He would have spoken, but his guides, folded in their white cloaks, walked swiftly and silently forward, 'and' he w.vearily and thoughtfully followed them. When the trio reached the church'abandage was fastened over the old man's eyes. As he listened he heard the side door open gratingly upon its hinge's ; then he felt himself thrust in by force among a great concourse of people. Thie's he heard a murmur run through 'the building, and, close to him, a lancuage spoken which he did not understand, but which he supposed to he Russian. As he stood helpless, with his eves bandaged, pressed on all sides by people: a hand grasped his wrist, and drew him for ward through the crowd.' Presently the people 'appeared to with draw, and-when the cloth was removed from his eyes;, he found himself standing before the altar; with-one of the:two strangers close beside him. A row of huge' tapers, burning in magnificent silver candlesticks, adorned the altar, while. the' whole' building was so 'brightly illuminated that the minutest and " most distant objects were plainly discernible. A few minutes earlier the murmurs of an un 'seen crowd dismayed him; now the' silence filled his mind with a nameless dread. The side aisles, were occupied with men, but the centre aislewas empty, and in it. he saw a newly-opened vault, the stone which had covered it being propped-up against a chair. Although only men were near, yet in thedistence he fancied he could perceive- the figure of a female seated in a chair. At.length a man,;wlihose dress, which be ' spoke lofty rank, distinguished~him from all others, arose. As he advanced up'the empty aisle'his footsteps rang through the edifice. The man was of the middle height, broad shouldered, and firmly built.' He walked with he air of one who was accustomed to. com 'mand. His visage was dark, his hair coally black, the features strongly marked; his uose, of a bold aquiline cut, added to the imm periousness of his expression; his lips' were closely compressed, as if with anger, white black, bushy brows overshadowed the small beady eyes, which literally blazed with rage. Hle wore a dark green uniform, with gold buttons, and a single star glittered upon his breast. 1 Then a lady advanced and:knelt beside haim. In stature she was tall ; her step was firm and dignified, yet graceful, while her hand and arm defied the skill of the sculp tor's mallet and chisel to imitate; her head was small and shapely, well set upon a neck of surpassing loveliness; her eyes, so far as -could be seen, were darkly, deeply, beauti fully blue, and the long, dark silken lashes that shadowed them gave a softness to her cheek an artist's pencil might vainly strive to reproduce; her nose was rather of the Grecian' style, and her 'mouth and teeth de fied the poet's imagination to portray; while her broad, intellectual-looking brow gave a dignity to her features that conveyed to the recluse pastor an idea of the majestic. '''She was splendidly ' attired with great care. A sky-lhlue robe, richly" embroidered with silver, enveloped 'her, 'falling in heavy fo lads about her perfectly.formed limbs":. Y:et,".with all .this youthful loveliness and I:.'iUagnifioence, she resembled a visitant from :the' shades. S.: r corpse-like cheeks seemed petrified, maot a:feature moved, and the powerless arms hung helplessly down on either side of the limp, drooping body. The .she knelt, an imageof death, and an overpowering horror seemed to have bound both life and' consciousness in a profound csataleptic stupor. i As the pastor of iirrwiggazedupon this sad sight, he perceived for the first time an urly, -vicious-looking, old has, grotesquely attired in whimesial, gorgeously-hued dress, whose grey, elf.like locks were partially concealed by a portentous red turban, and who, with blear ed eyes, stared grimly yeat mockingly, over the head of 'the kneeling bride.' Immediately behind the bridegroom stood a man of gigantic stature, who looked into vacancy with a grave arid fixed look 'oon his dark, saturnine face. The aged minister stood speechless, as if fascinated, until a ~fierce and wild look from the bridegroom admonished him to commence the ceremony. His perplexity was increased by a doubt which he entertained whether the bridal couple would understandhis language. IHe, however, forced himself to inquire their marmes. The bridegroom sternly answered, "' Meander and Feodora." The old man, without farther delay, which he felt would be useless, then began to read the marriage service; but his voice faltered, and he lost his place more than once, so that he was obliged to repeat the words. As neither of the two contractine parties ap peared to notice his confusion, his conjecture -that they were, at best, only imperfectly acquainted with the Danish tongue became the more confirmed. So when he proceeded to ask, " Wilt thou, ,Neander, take to thee as thy lawful-wedded -wife Feodora, who now kneels beside thee?" he wondered whether the bridegroom would t173) understand the question sutliciently to reply; but, to his surprise, he replied, " I will,", in a harsh, discordant voice, which rang and echoed through the church. At the same moment deep sighs proceeded from the assembled crowd, while a shudder of aversion and terror agitated the ashen features of the bride. The clergyman then asked, loudly and clearly, as if ho designed thereby to arouse the lady from her stupor: "Dost thou, Feodora, acknowledge as thy lawful-wedded husband Neander, who now kneels beside thee ?" adding, " If so, reply byan audible ' Yes," The almost dying woman, being thus urged, seemed to arouse herself, a look of unutterable woe gathered in her now relaxed features. The pale lips moved as if she were about to speak, a momentary fire kindled in her eye: but the word of assent sounded like a wail of anguish from the expiring, as it found a deep echo in the involuntary groan of sympathy which burst simultaneously from the throng of beholders. The bride had scarcely spoken the irre vocable words, when she fell back fainting into the outstretched arms of the old woman. In a few minutes she revived, and the cere mony was concluded, after which the bride groom led her back to her former place, the old hag and the giant following. Immediately afterwards the two men who had forced the pastor to become a participant in this unhallowed rite again appeared, bound his eyes, conducted him, not without difficulty, through the throng, and having put him outside the door, left him to him self. He stood alone, wondering whether it were not all a dream; then he heard the door bolted on the inner side, and, tearing off the bandage, he saw the lighted church, and, listening, heard the movements of the crowd within. In order to ascertain as much as was pos sible of the after occurrences, the old man concealed himsblf behind one bf teiuttresses of the building on the side opposite to which he had entered, and as he listened was horri fied to hear the tumult within momentarily increase in violence. The clash of `.arms announced that a conflict was taking place. Then the stern voice of the wild' and ea vase bridegroom imperiously commanded silence. A pause followed. Suddenly a shot was Bred. 1He heard a female's piercing cry of agony. Again there was a period of absolute quiet, then a sound as of workmen laboring. with masons' tools, which continued for a full quarter of an hour. At the close of this the tumult was re sumed, the lights were extinguished, and the whole irruptive mass of strangers emerged hurriedly from the church, and hastened down to the sea, where they were lost to view. The clergyman, left to himself, shook off the henumbing torpor which had taken pos session of him, and made his way back to RBrwig. Immediately upon his arrival he aroused his neighbors, and informed them of the startling events that had transpired. But everything around was so quiet and undisturbed that they feared that their esteemed minister had become deranged ; and it was only with difficulty, and then largely to indulge his unaccountable whim, that they -could be induced to take spades and crowbars and accompany him back to the church. Day dawned as the "simple fishermen as-' cended the hill upon which the church stood, and to their astonishment they per.. ceived a large ship of war procceding under easy sail at a considerable distance from the shore, beariig away towards the north. This 'sioht, so surprising in those unfre quented seas; disposed them to give more at" tention to their pastor's startling report, a' disposition,which was increased when, upon reaching the 'sacred edifice, the side door was found to have beenforeibly entered. Full conviction awaited them Within. They were 'shown the vault, which had been seen uncovered only a few hours before. - It was easy to see that the stone had been raised, and newly placed in position again. The startled villagers immediately raised the stone by means of their crowbars, and gazed downward into the - gloomy, recesses of the vault. They started backward with a cry of terror. The clercyuian's report was amply con firmed by what they saw. Directly underneath their eyes was a new and handsomely-decorated coffin. The old man, eager to see the denouement of his awful experience, descended into the chamber of death with almost youthful im patience. Others followed him without delay. The lid of the coffin wasraised. :Their suspicions were verified. SThe solemn ceremony of matrimony had been immediately succeeded by .the heinous' crime of murder. Murder !' -It is' an awful word, and has a gruesome sound. It is theproduct of the worst passions of the human heart.. It is always terrible, but never so much so as when it follows closely 'upon the heels of the pledge of affection. Sacrilege and profanation of the most startling character had' evident'y been com mitted. In that.coffin, resplendent :with gold and the choicest specimens of. the. upholsterer's art, lay the body of the murdered Feodora. The body was still attired in costly rai ment, the silken 'robes clung around the stiffened limbs, only the magnificent tiara was gonefrom the shapely head. ' Whether by accident or design, the ill fated bride had been shot through, the' heart. As is so commonin death, a great change had takenplace in her appearance. The ex pression cf poignant grief had vanished, a; heavenly peace had hallowed and glorified the beautiful face, and she lay like an anuei among the coffined dead. The clergyman, as was his duty, imme. diatelv acquainted his superior, the Bishop of Zeanlad, with all the'ciicumstances, and pending an answer to his 'reTort;, adminis. terea an oath of secrecy to his flock. The vault had been. cldsed 'sgain, add things proceeded among the people as if the mysterious marriage and equally incompre hensible murder had never occurred. Shortly afterwards an -ianvestigator arrived fIom the capital, and made striot and close inquiry into the whole matter. He siew the. crave, commended the discretion that had been shown, and threatened that any dis closure of the singular event would merit and receive condign punishment. "tears passed, and the affair was forgotten; but upon the aged pastor's death it was dis covered that he had entered a succinct narra tive of his midnight adventure in the register belonging to the church. SThe mystery connected with this singular invasion and violation of the sanctuary at Riwig has never been explained; but there were those who inclined to the opinion that it had in some way a mysterious connection with the sudden and violent changes oa dynasty which took place after the deaths of Peter I. and Catherine of Russia, when, fore time, the holy Musoovitish empire was rudelv shaken to its centre.-" Weekly Budget." .,,, .., ' ,, ? . . ,,.,. 