NEWS OF THE DAY. Tbe Treasurer is busily engaged in prophring a supplementary financial statement for tho information of Parliament. This statement will explain the exact expenditure for the pnHt financial year, the whole of tlio monetary obligations entered into Up to tho 30th Juno last having now been paid off. Tho experience of tho first two months of tho our rent financial year will enable Mr. Carter to indicato how far lus estimates of rovonuc have been realised, and to form a pretty neourate Idea as to whether or not his anticipations for tho complete yoar will ho homo out. The atatemont will also show the amount of saving already elfccted on account of the current finanoial year, and Indicato approximately the rolativo positions of income and expenditure at the end of next Juno. It is also understood that theTreosurer will be in a position to show to what extent additional economy will have to be practised if it la the intention of Parliament to koop the expenditure within tho income. Mr. Carter Will probably deliver his statement on either Wednesday or Thuisday next. Tho Cabinet has decided to stay its hand for the prcsont iu regard to tho proposal that chil dren under 6 yearn of ngo attending State schools should not be inoluded In tho school rolls. It was estimated by tho officers of the Education department that if this arraugemontwore carried into afTeet thore would bo a saving of £6500 for tho balance of this year, and that tbo ultimato saving woum ue at tue rate ot auottt xj.o,uyu per annum. It has been represented to the Government that if the non-onrolmeht of the children were insisted upon it would result in tho closing of at least 70 classified schools in tho country districts. Great pressure has been brought to boar upon tbo Government not to apply the proposed regulation to unclassified school, and if those were exempted tlio saving for this year would bo reduced to £2000. Ministers aro of opinion that in view of the saving boing so small it would bo undcsirnblo to curry out the proposal, for a timo at all events. It is quite possible, however, that tho Cabinet may give consideration to a suggestion that we should follow tlio action of Now Zealand by raising tho age at which a child may oount in the enrolment register to 5 years. Tho cabled announcement of tho outbreak of oholcra in Russia, Hungary, Galiioin, Italy and France, and in a limited degreo in England, ban awakonetl tho Board of Public floalth to tho necessity for taking special precautions against tho introduction of tho infection into Victoria. Orders have thoroforo been Issued to the hoaith officer lu Hobnob's Bay to soo that all vessels arriving from or touching at French, Italian and Indian ports arc thoroughly fumigated befora being cleared, and that a careful and special examination is made of passengers and luggage taken aboard at Marseilles, Naples or Cal cutta. It is tho policy of tho Government to dis courago tbo disintegration of existing shires with a view of creating now municipal bodies, aB the practice tends to increase tho cost of local government in a variety of ways. Tho Commis sioner of Public Works has undor consideration tlio statements contained in two petitions for tho formation of now shires. Tho first is from a number of tlio residents of Mirboo, who wish a portion of tho Woorayi and Narracan shires excised and formed into a new municipality, to be called the Mirboo shiro. The ground of tho petition is tiiat tho Nartacati shire council meets at Moe, 20 miles from Mirboo, and the Woorayi shlro council at Lcongatha, 18 miles distant. Tho petitioners assort that owing to the hilly character of tho intorveniug conn- try, and tho absence of a railway botweon tho main Gippsland and Groat Southern lines, it is inconvenient for their representatives to attend the oounoil meetings at Leongathaor Mac. It ia also asserted that the rates would bo more equitably exponded if a new shiro were consti tuted. The second petition is from tho rate payers ia the parish of ICyabram East, which Includes tho township of ICyabram, who wish to be severed from the Rodney shiro and annexed to the recently formed Doakln shiro. It is urged in support of tho requoat that ICyabram would be tho only township in Doakiu shiro suitable for the holding of oounoil meetings, and, furthermore, that the interests of tho petitioners nro more closely allied to Doakin shiro than to those of Rodney. A complaint has been made by the Secretary of the Crown Law department to the railway authorities regarding the sale of some law reports belonging to the Crown Law ofiioo which were lying unclaimed at the railways. The books have bocn reoovored, bat the SolioitorGcneral directs attention to tho apparont carelessness and negleot of tho railway officers in not intimating to the Crown Law ofTico that the bookB were waiting au owner. Thoso are a small portiou of. the facts, and have boon seizod on by a con temporary as material for another contemptible attack on tho officers of tho Railway depart ment. Tbo railway authorities, however, havo a oomplcte answer, find their roply fully proves that the M apparent carelessness and neglect " was not among the railway servants. The pack ages wero wnybillod froin Eaglohawk and Ararat to tbo Government printer, and the Crown Law office was never known in the matter. Tho carter for tho Government printer repeatedly and persistently refused to take the books away, booauso of the chargos, and tho conclusion naturally drawn was that they wero of no value. Nevertheless the sending stations, the looal elerks of, courts and officers of the Crown Law department Itself wero notified of the faots, but the rail way officers could obtain no iustiuotionH. The books lay at the railways for 10 mouths without any inquiry, and were at length sold for £3 as unolaimod goods. It is alleged that they aro worth £80. Tho purohaser offered them to the Law department, and only thon did tho law officers move in the matter. If the offer had not been made probably nothing would havo been known or said about it, and tho failure of the Crown Law department to look after its property is regarded as rather singular, if tho books are of suoh value as stated. « A Bpeolnl train will run to Geelong and back to-day to carry footballers and thoir friends to see the matoli botweon Eoaendon and Goelong, It will leave Spenoer-streot at 1.5 p.m., and will leave Geelong on the return jurney at 9.5 p.m., reaching Melbourne at 10.30. The fares for return tickets will be 7s. 6d. first class and 5s. second. Tiokets will be available for tho special only, but may be extended till Monday on a little extra payment at Geelong. The comparison of railway passenger fares in England and Victoria published in The Aye this week has been the subjoot of some auouy- mous criticism, . endeavoring to disorodlb tho Victorian .railways. Tho list quoted is included 111 a comparison compiled for the Railway # Com- k mtaiooers'bj. Professor Kernot,- It t«A»afair typical examples, and tho Assertion that ex tremely exorbitant lincH are mentioned U mis leading, as although the Kugllsh rates nro not identical under all companies they aro practl- 1 cslly about tho same nil over tbo country. Of Course the existence of a third class iu England is made tho most of, as indicating that the com parison Is unfair. But it is obviously impossible to compare tho Victorian rates with tho English third class, simply bccaubo we have no third. Ib.wan abolished many years ago, hot if it did exist hero tho rate would of necobsity bo lower than tho Euglifh third, in tho same proportion ns tho other clauses, and the comparison would still hold good. As a fact tho Victorinn second is, gonorslly H)>cnking, as aheap 'as tho English third. The English companies themselves nro now rapidly abolishing tlio seoond oIohh in pur- suanco of tho general tendepoy towards two rates instead of thrco, whioh would have a con siderable effect on tho oxistlng fares. An inquiry. with rodpoot toa proposal to throw open a portiou of the Oluncs and Egliuton Stato forost for selection by settlers will bo hold in tho board room of the Lands department on tho 21st inst, In consequence of representations made to him a short timo ago, tlio Minister of Lands intimated that he would allow a portion of tho reserve to bo selected. Tho Oiuncs borough council objeoted to this, on the ground that tho land proposed to bo alienated carried a great deal of timber that was required by tlio resi dents of that district. The Minister has within tho past few days received a petition from a number of porsons holding grazing area licences over a portion of the forcBt. Thoy state that thev liavo been in ocounation for seven years, during whioh timo no timber of any consequence was taken from tho land, and claim that as they have gone to heavy expense in improving tlio land they should be ponnittcd to select agricultural holdings. 4 The petition is supported by a resolution passecftby tho Talbot shiro council. In viow of tho conflicting opinions expressed on the subject, tho Minister has decided to hold tho inquiry. Mombom of the pubtio who feel interested in tho matter will bondmltted. Surreptitious kissing is nil expensive luxury, Cflpcoiaily to tho profussioiinl man, and It may be hoped that tho lesson taught to tho dentist Arthur French in tho City Court yosterdny will havo duo weight with othor susccptiblo indi viduals occupying positions which rcquiro ladies, who may sometimes from the exigencies of tho eirouinstancos he unattended, to reposo implicit confideneo in them. Tho circumstances of tho case havo previously boon published. According to the very circumstantial story told by Mrs. Duinbleton, the wifo of a polioe con stable residing at Burnley, sho bad occa sion to visit French's establiHlunont to have a tooth stopped, and whilo sho was sitting in tho operating ohair, feeling much exhausted of oourse undor tho ordeal, he had the audacity to sit on her lap, placo his arm around hor neck and — sho made the acknow ledgment with a blush— kiss hor. This impu- dont proceeding roused her dorinantcnorgieH, and with AHcream Mis. Duinblolon pushed the man from hor. Hastily adjusting lier hat sho es caped from the chamber, and going home communicated tlio incident to her hus band. Ilenco the proceedings. Mrs. Dumble- iiua nuinibieu Miftb hiiu unu iihkuu r runou to stop a hole in. a front tooth without payment, and gave quite reasouabio justification for the demand ou tho ground that Freuah'a un satisfactory treatment of tlio first tooth had put her to a deal of trouble and expense. On tho other hand, .defendant said that Mrs. Dumbloton iu asking for tho front tooth to bo attended to had said, "Oil, I am not going to pay you, but I will give yoti a kisn," and sealed the bargain by deliberately walking up to him aud-kissing him on tho cheek. The ovidunco given by tlio bus- baud of the complainant showed that French had admitted having kissed tho lady, and that lie hud bugged hard for forgiveness, remarking, " I did go a littlo too far with the lady. Don't exposo mc, as I have a wife and two dear littlo children " Mr. Fanton, P.M., without comment, fiuod defendant £10 with £5 5s. costs. The reconstruction schotno of tho Federal Building Socioty has been prepared for submis sion to tho shareholders and creditors of the institution. The scheme provides for the forma tion of a new society under the title of the Mort gage Dobenturcs Building Socioty, and its objeob is to take over the assets of the oid society and to Issue to tiio old shareholders three paid up permanent shares of £1 for each paid up per manent share they hold of £5 iu tlio old society. For the first yoar tho dividend is not to exceed 5 por cent., and all profits boyoud that aro to go to tho resorvo fund. Tho creditors of tho old sooiety arc to roccivo mortgage debentures iu the new society, with interest at 5 per cent., tlie order iu which tlie mortgages aro to bo redeemed to be decided by ballot at u meeting at which any mortgage holdor may be present. Twelve Ohino.se arrived yesterday by the Tainan, and eight presented papers of naturalisa tion, whilo four came in on tho tontinge limit. One of the oight was a bright, intelligent boy, Ah Suey, whoso juvenile appcaranco caused Dr. Wollaston to inquire how lie came to bo pos sessed of naturalisation papers. It turned out that Ah Suoy was a nativo bom Victorian, one of six born iu tho colony. His father and mother took tho family homo about two years ago, and have sineo died thero. Tlio boy now comes hero to look after his father's business. Although only about 15 years of age, ho has boon married since, soon after be went to Ohiua, but the wifo has remained bohind, apparently to take earo of tho other members of the family. Viotorian coal is rapidly making its way iu public favor, and tho weekly output, from tho Coal Oreok mines at Coalville aud Korum- burra district is increasing by leaps and bounds. Agencies havo bceu established throughout -he colony for the sale of tho coal, and Messrs. Hud- darc, Farker and Co., who havo for many yearn been prominently identified with the Neweastlo coal trade, havo beon appointed agents for tho Coal Crook Company at Ballarat and Gop- long. An important question affecting tho liability of shareholders in companies iu course of liqui dation as to the unpaid bahinco of their shares was decided in Chambors by Mr. Justice Hood yesterday, in the matter of tho Crown Iuvosfc- monfc and Tramway Company v. Fiddis. Tlio dofoudaut, Douald Fiddis, of Boeokworth, was indebted to tho oorapauy in the sum of £113 for unpaid balanoe on shares, and an application was made to Mr. Justice a'Beckett for a balancing order calling npou tho dofundant to pay tho wholo amount in one sum. Tho application was based on an affidavit of tlie liquidator sotting forth that tho amount was necessary in order to enable tho company to meet its liabilities and tho legal expenses of winding up. Mr. Justico a'Beckett granted, tho order on tho ex parte application of the liquidator. Mr. Justico Hood was now asked ou behalf of tho defendant to set this order aside, and Mr. Isaacs, who mode tho application, urged that the proviotia order had been made on insufficient materials. Ho contended that it was not sufficient for the liquidator to swear that tho amount wanccessury, but ho must set forth tho wholo of tho facts and leave it to tlie oourt to determine the matter, llis Honor said that the infotmatiou roferred to would he re quired in the case of a compulsory sequestra tion, and the court should not bo in a worse position In regard to a voluntary sequestration than a compulsory one. In his opinion tho liquidators' affidavit was not sufficient, and ho would sot asido the order with costs. Mr. I. Isaacs, instructed by Mr. J. A. Isaacs, made the appli cation on behalf of Fiddis ; and Mr. Hayes, instructed by Messrs. Madden and Butler, for tho oompnuy. An appeal was yesterday dealt with by the Full Oourt from au order of Judge Molenworth in the Insolvency Oourt in tho matter of Browing, an insolvent photographer, of II Royal-uroado. Tho iusolvent was a tenant of Mr. Howard Spcnuley, and as such was indebted to lilm for arrears of rent. Prior to the seques tration of Insolvent's ostate, the landlord dis trained for rent, and removed cortain goods valued at £240, whioh wore Bold under tho war- rantof distress for £72. Shortly after the seizure Browing booamo insolvent, and his trustee made a claim against Mr. SpenBloy for tho valuo of the goods. Judge Moles worth decided In favor of tho trustee, and against this order Spensley appealed. It was urged ia support of the appeal that tho trustee In insolvency had no claim on the insolvent's goods, inaaifinch as they > wMe- eompriieA:la:hiit«f-Ml«w»utedbytk insolvent in favor of RoUh£, a wholesale photo graphic morchant. Under these circumstances it was put that whatcvor right the landlord might have to distrain these goods, the trustee In insolvency could havo no claim upon them, bccnuso he merely reproMontcd tho insolvent, . who at best had an equity of redemption in thorn. Iu othor words that tho right to thw- goods was a quostlon for the landlord and the- holder of tho hill of salo to settle between them selves, and that the trustee in insolvency could not he recognisod in tho matter. Tho oourt allowed tho appeal with costs. Mr. Irvine, instructed by Mr. ICIingender, appcarod for the appellant ; and Mr. Bryant, instructed by Mr. ' W H. Lewis, for the truBtco. A scntenoo of nine months' imprisonment for offonces under tho Insolvency Act was yester day imposed by Judgo Moloaworth upon an insolvent named Stewart Wilson. Wilson was- a partner with Georgo Patterson in tho firm of 8\. Wilson and Company, of Talbot, millers and cattle dealers, whose estate was sequestrated on the 22nd January, 1892, tlio tohedulo showing a deficiency of £2820 10u. 2d. Fnttersou died on tlie 7 th December, 1892, and WilHon made a com pulsory application for a certificate, to which tho trustee, Mr. W. J. Andrews, gave notice of 23 objections. His Honor, iu giving his reserved judgment, recited the facts, and snid tiiat when .Wilson wns examined he gave evidence in a very unnfttiafaotory maimer. His Honor accoptedtho testimony of Messrs. Filgrim and Levey in pre ference to Wilson's. Ho thought tho insolvent could bo sufficiently punished by bulng dealt with on three of the objections whioh had been raisod by tlio trustee. The 23rd objec- tion was that insolvent had unlawfully appro priated - to his own use about 362 bags of wheat, tho property of Win. Pilgrim, of whioh lie had possession at tlio timo ah trusteo or agent only. For this oiTencc his eortificate would bo rofnscd, and a sentence of six months' irapiisbumont Imposed. Tho fourteenth objec tion was that with intent to dofruud ho hod eoncoalcd tho sum of £150 in tho London Chartered Bank, Talbot. According to tho cvldehco this amount wns paid into insolvent's privato account two months before sequestra tion. For this offence insolvent would bo sentenced to three months' imprisonment, Tho first objection thnt ho did not keep reasonable books of account bad also been proved, nnd would justify tho refusnl of his certificate on that ground. Mr. L, Wool t appeared for tho trustee, and Mr. P. D. Phillips for tho insolvent. Tlie military authorities of New South Wales purpose holding a military tournament iu Sydney on the 12th, 13th nnd 14th October, on tho lines of tho one recently held at Islington, at which contmgonts from Now South Wales and Victoria computed. It will bu undor tho direc tion of the commandant, Colonel Hutton, and the personal patronage of tho Governor, Sir It. G. Duflf. The defence authorities of tho different colonies have beon invited to Hend representative teams to compete, and it Is understood there will be no difficulty iu this colony being ropre- sonted by a body of compotent men. By tho steamer Tnluno, whioh arrived recently from Hobart, a box of salmon trout ova was rocoived by Mr. John Fiskin, ou Sir Samuel Wilson's account. It wan at onoo sent to Sir aamuei wusou s nan breeding ostahusnmenb at Ercihlouite. A similar consignment was received last year, and Bucccsafully hatohed, and a number of the young fish placed in tho Mitchell River by Mr. Fiskin. In addition to those a great number of brown trout wcio distributed and placed in suitable rivers aud creeks by Mr. Lo 8ouef nnd others. It is expected that a number of fry will be available for distribution this season, probably 30,000 or more. Thero are already two institutions in Mel bourne which are more or less connected with the study of occult phenomena, nnd which profess to have sonic- sort of solution for the appearance of what arc commonly called ghosts. Those societies are composed of Tbeosophists and Spiritualists. It is now likoly that another body will shortly como into existence whose pmposo will be to hunt for the spook. A number of gentlemen who have 1 probably been stimulated by tlm extraordinary experiences of psyohio phenomena related In Mr. Stead's now journalistic venture, JSorderland, are considering the desirability of forming a P.-ychicul Research Society for Melbourne, aud it is likely thnt before long the spooks of Mel bourne will have a lively time of it. Professor Laurie is spoken of as tho President of tlio Society, while Dr. Syme, Mr. R. L. J. Ellery, nnd Mr. D. M'AIpiuo will possibly be vice- presidents. The annunl session of tho Australasian Association for tho Advancement of Science will commenco in the Adelaide University ou 25th September. The Now Yoar services in connection with tho Melbourne Hebrew oongrogation will bo commenced to-morrow evening and oontinucd during next week. On Monday and Tuesday mornings the Torah will be rend, and thero will be English Bible readings, and on Saturday morning (Penitential Sabbath) in addition to tlio reading of the Torah there will be a sermon after tho additional service. . Wu have rocoivod the sum nf 10h. in aid of tho Jewish Ladies' Benevolent Society from A Fry- berg. We have received in aid of tho Mayor's Fund for the relief of distress 9s. 6d. from the cmployds of the Melbourne Hydraulic Power Company Limited. Mossrs. C. J. and T. 11am advertiso for this aftor- noon, at 3, auction sale of brick villa, near Burnley railway station. Mr. Louis Waxnmn, solicitor, has been appointed by tho Chiof Justice of West Australia a commis sioner of that colony for taking affidavits. On Monday next Dr. Itcutoul will lecture in the rooms of tho Young Men's Christian Association ou Tho Litest Phrase of Evolution, a Reply to Pro fessor Drummomi. Wo have been reqiiostc:! by Messrs. Manning and Norrls to direct attention to their announcement in our advertising columns rolativo to tlio re-purchase of their business and their display of summer goods. The steamer Edina will make a spools! ex cursion to Cleelong at reduced fares to-day leav ing Queen's Wharf at 10a.m. Sho will nob luavo Geelong on return till 6 p.m., so that passengers may bu enabled to witness tlio football match botweon Knsondon and Geelong. The Kew Baptist Church Anniversary Sorvices will he held to-morrow, when the Iter. Edwin II. Ellis preaches in the morning and tho Rev. A. Skene. M.A., In the evening. On tho following Tuesday the annuiil ten and public meeting takes place. Ab a mooting of porsons interested in the tem perance cause, held on Thursday in the offices of the Victorian Alliance, arrangements wero made for a 10 days' Gospel temperance mission to be con ducted In Melbourne by Mr. E. Tennyson Smith. A strong committee was forinod to ent ry out tho arrangements, tlie particulars of which will bo duly advertised. Tho mission will commence on 24th September. The monthly meeting of the general committee of tho Meihournu Athennmm was held at tho institu tion on Thursday night, the cltnir being taken by tho president, Mr. IS. Downward. Reports from the various sub-committees wore received nnd ndopteri, and now books wero ordered for tlie library in addi tion to thoso received by mail. The receipts for the pasb mouth amounted to £204, and II new£uiembers were added to the roll. The annual ball of tlio Victorian U lilted Licensed Victuallers' Association is to be held iu the Town Ilall, on Thursday evening next. Tho committee, under tho presidency of Mr. C. M'Crncken, havo completed all arrangements. The proceeds aro to be divided botweon tlie Children's Hospital and tlie Benevolent Fund of the association. llis Excel lency the Governor and Lady Hopotounj havo accorded their patronage. 