O Uv, R : s T 0 R Y. RICHARD BARN ARDS GHOST. ONE morning the bead of our firm remarked: "Mr. Nelson"— -my name, by the way, is John NoIsod, and a very good and bold name it is — " I, want you to go up to Greenville and take those depositions in the Shindler case. Catch tbe night train back or stay until morning, as you prefer." Many people go to Greenville once. Nobody goes a second time if he can help it. I remembered in a vague sort ofway that Greenville had come into notoriety for a day or two a few years before through reason of a hotel fire, in which at least one man had perished bo successfully as to justify the news paper use of the word holocaust. However, this did not alarm me, as I intended to return on the Dight express. I like to travel at night. There is such a comforting, ghost-dispelling sound in the shores of my fellow -passengers. Fate was against me. My business, indeed, was quickly and easily dis patched, and at 9 o'clock I was at the station, only to learn that a serious washout was reported up the road, and that all trains had been abandoned for tbe night. There was not help for it and back I went to the hotel, which, suggestively enough, waB ealled tbe Phoenix. The landlord took a cheerful view of the situation, as was perhaps natural. He gave me the best drink at the bar, which wae bad enough, and the best room in the house, which was not so bad. And he kindly told me the harrowing details of the holocaust be fore mentioned with much satisfaction and local pride. . " And after the Metropolitan had burned down," he went on, " the citi zens clubbed together and helped the railroad put up this fireproof hotel, which they called the Phoenix, after the bird that rose from its ashes. Pretty idea, and shtbin' new, don't you think ?" I admitted both beauty and novelty, and went up to my room. It was the ordinary country hotel bedroom, with a musty smell and a blind that creaked. I stopped the creaking by taking off the blind and I mitigated the smell by throwing open both windows. I im pressed upon tbe landlord the import ance of calling me at the first alarm of fire and I gave a man I took to be the porter 50 cents to jog the landlord's memory if he overlooked this detail in ,a moment of excitement. Then I threw my clothes on my chair — I aui careless about my personal . attire— put my watch, pocketbook and revolver under the pillow, commended my soul to heaven with unseemly haBte and j umped into bed. I am a light sleeper, another result of a nervous organization, and the cir cumstances under which I was sleeping, in a strange bed in a strange town, were not likely to deaden my slumbers. What awoke me I cannot say, but my first recollection is that of sitting up in bed, holding my pistol in my hand and looking with considerable astonishment at the dim outline of a man apparently Btowing away clothing in great haste in an ordinary gripsack. That the man was a burglar and that he was taking unwarrantable liberties with my pos sessions I had not the slightest doubt. My calmness under such trying con ditions surprised me. I remember ex periencing actual pleasure in cocking and aiming my revolver. The click of the lock alarmed him. He turned hastily and said in a tone so thin that it seemed to come from a great dis tance. " Here, don't shoot, please I" " Enough light came in through the window from a lamp across the street to enable me to see the fellow more closely as he tnrned. He was appal lingly thin, the merest shadow, in fact, with sunken cheeks and the glowing spectral eyes that Lena had told me about thirty years before. I saw that he was no match for me physically, and it was plain that he was unarmed, So I said, facetiously : tf You are not built for your calling, jmy, friend. You woulij do . better , gnbBt than as a burgjai;."'' ' : ' And the reply cameV'mournfuJly and hollow : "I am a ghoifr."-; " You'll excuse me," said the ghost, " if I go right on with my packing — but time flies." " Phrdbn the bluntness of the ques tion," I answered, feeling under the pillow for my watch, " but in the pres sure of time are you packing up any of my things by mistake ?" " If you knew anything at all about spirits," said the ghost, carefully brush ing and folding a coat " you would know that tbey are strictly and in variably honest, and were never known to appropriate any article not belonging to them." " Thanks," said I, considerably re lieved by the assurance. " Now, may I ask who you are and to what I am indebted for this unexpected plea sure ?" The ghost glided over to the wash- stand, gathered up a toothbrush and a cake of soap and tossed them into the bag. Then he answered : v It doesn't matter who lam. 1 was Richard Barnard, , and all of me that was mortal was burned in the fire tl: at destroyed the Metropolitan Hotel on this spot four years ago. You may have heard of me. I see that you have. Pardon me if I keep on with my work." .And to ray amazement he picked np a typewriter and threw it out of the win dow. I listened for the crash and, hearing nothing, said : " I have heard of you, Richard, in ar desultory and unsatisfactory way and should like to hear more of you. Gould you favour me with the particulars which escaped the newspapers. You'll find a cigarette, if you smoke, in that case on the bureau." If it is possible for a ghost to turn paler than he is iu his normal condition that ghost certainly did. " Not for eternal rest," he said hastily ; " a cigar ette \vas the cause of my troubles. You are a sympathetic man. I recognize in you rare mediumistic qualities, and I'll tell you the story while I pack. Let me see. How do I g9t the right crease on these trousers ? So ; sometimes I forget when I am exeited. But to the story." Just at this point I took up my watch and' glanced at the time. It was twenty minutes to 1. "About four years ago," continued the ghost. " I was a guest at this hotel, or rather the old hotel that stood on this site. My room corresponded closely to the one you are now occupying . In the apartment under me was a fellow who smoked cigarettes. It is not known on earth, though I know it now, that one 6f bis cigarettes carelessly thrown aside started the blaze. The flames were under good headway before the alarm was raised. 1 was always a methodical man, and, not realizing my danger, arose and packed my clothes as cool and self- possessed &6 you have seen me to-night. I think I might have es caped had I not thoughtlessly slopped to cren6e my trousers. That takes time, and tbe delay was fatal. Then x lost my head completely and began to throw things out of tbe window. Excuse me just a moment. I have reached the time when " Here the ghost pitched into the night an overcoat, a cane, a buckhorn um brella, three or four photographs and what looked like a royal Worcester vase. 1 " Then," he oontinuad, " I seized my valise and opened the door. The flames were already in the hall, and the sinoke pouring in soon sufiooated me. A day or two later I attended the in quest iu my spirit form, and was much gratified by the remark of tbe coroner, who was sitting oh a piece of the tibia aud a parietal bone, that I testified by my successful death to tbe iuecrutable wisdom of providence, who doeth all things well." Th<? story interested me deeply. "But how happens it," I asked, "that you return to earth in this systematic way ?" " That's the disagreeable part of it. You see that after all my care in look ing after my property I entirely forgot my accident iusnrance policy and left it on the bureau—you see it there, Of course it was burned up, and -tny; family had nothing in the way of compehsa- tion for my death. : For this bb'tmgeous carelessness I am compelled ' to! return night after night to go over the harrow ing scenes of my combustion." " But why don't you take the policy at once, now that it is in plain sight, , and \ make off and end the matter, and go back to your tibia and parietal bone like a well-ordered corpse?" "That's just it. I can't. Even with my spiritual discernment I most work out the stupid instincts of 'mortality. Don't you suppose that a spirit/ with my keen perceptions recognizes the < idiocy of pitching a typewriter out ' of the window? Do you think that a ghost, a thing purely of mind, unimped ed by matter, has not the sense to see the crying folly of stopping 1 tpT crease trousers in a ndoment like tfiis ? It is not that I do not know better now. That is where my punishment boineB in. I recognize the stupidity of mor tality without the present power to N change it. Every night I go just as _ far. The difference is that now l am conscious of the policy on ,the bureau, but must go on pitching out typewriters and creasing trousers, only to fall in a volume of flame and smoke on threshold as the clock strikes 1 " " Bless my sonl," said I, looking . uneasily at my watch, "It lacks only nine minutes of 1 now. And upon my word, I fancy I smell something burn ing. Tell me, my good Richard, hon estly now, don't you think yon ghosts could be in better business than coming back to earth and paralyzing people with fear ?" " What nonsence !" replied the ghost , impatiently. " If you people on earth only knew us as we are /yon would blush at your own fears. When I recall those absurd old tales about ghosts clanking heavy chains and dropping heavy weights it makes me positively ill where my stomach used to be. Look at me. I am a disembodied, spirit. You could run your Auger through me anywhere. Now, how in hbaven's name conld I clank a chain or drop a weight ? My dear boy, - I couldn't raise a mat erial hair if I tried all night. There never was a ghost who by his own exertions had the slightest physical effect on a mortel, and there never, will be. It is a simple and absolute impos sibility. _ "On tho other hand," went on the ghost earnestly, " think what. /we must suffer ! Take my own case for example. Here 1 am, a spirit I grant you— I have no body, it is true, but I have a mind, and a mind that despite its growth is subject more or less to the weakness and credulity of humanity. Being all mind, without being omniscient, I am; of course exceedingly nervous and sen sitive. Think of tbe state I . must be- constantly in. I know that ait mid night I must go to a certain room. I cannot tell who is going- to occupy that room, whether a commercial travel-' ler, a gentleman like yourself a soldier, an officer of the law or a lady, A ghost is a gentleman per se, and his horror at finding himself in a " lady's sleeping apartment is equalled only by his sincere grief at. her unnecessary fears. Then, again, the commercial traveller or the soldier may, as you 'have done, assume I am a burglar and fire at me. To be sure, I am incorporeal, and the ballet cannot injure me; but, my dear fellow, think of the shock to the mind, all of which I am. In addition to the ann vahce at the interrubtion of my business, think of the humilia tion that I, an orderly spirit, should be taken for a common thief in the night!" "Really, Richaid," said I, "your argument is quite remarkable, but I am still puzzled. If you are au incor poreal, and I perceive on closer in spection that you are, how can you talk ? Where are your vocal cords, your trachea, your muiscles of expira tion ? How can you hear me ? I examine you closely, and I note the absence of the usual auditory Appar atus." "You are wrong," replied the ghost : "you deceive yonrself. I do not talk, I do not hear. 1 communicate , with you and you with me by sympathetic impression. As I told you, you have rare .mediumistic qualities, but your . . spirituality is so .insufficiently develop-; . ed.. that you. cannot distinguish be tween spiritual communion and mortal W interchange of thought. I beg your pardon.. I am charmed to have met yqu."-r-bere the ghost hastily picked , up. his gripsack' — " but 1 have just time to. get to that door. I don't wish to alarm you, but I am sure I smell some thing burping;'' , . t And I , so did I. There was no doubt about it. I saw the ghost look laughingly at the paper on the bureau and vun; iwiftly across the room. And I'll swear that I saw him throw open the door and fall. iu the volume offlaine that poured into the chamber. And all, the, ; ti|pC) there was a tremendous sipging, in , my oars, with the sound of thp.banging of doors and the shouting ' of .men. And I heard a voice : . ,f-Mr., Nelson I Mr. Nelson! Get qp,; quick 1 Come down the back way ! Ifcs on fire, the house !" . A. ; . # I,- John Nelson, am a lawyer and a rtunof unimpeachable veracity. It iB troe<that 1 was the guest of the Phoenix Hotel,1 in Greenville, Sep. 10, the night it' Burned to the ground. It is true that the porter called me at precisely 1 o'clock in the morning and that I escap ed in very scant attire, securing my watcbi pocketbook and legal papers. It'is also -true that an accident policy, which i I had taken out before leaving the city, was forgotten and bnrned in the flames. And these are facts here tofore unrevealed, as I have dreaded the notoriety attending the revelation of a sensational press. I disclose them now, riot in the interest of spiritualists and the> fanatical element of the promoters of psychical research, but merely to dispel a very popular delusion concern- ing ghosts and to calm the fears of the superioaaginative and the supersti tions. For myself, let me say that if I have never. seen a ghost since that night of adventnre, it is not because I have not desired it. I have forgiven Lena, eace be to her, for I revere her mem ory and thank her for her idle chatter. I> have sought country graveyards on tempestuous- nights, and sat alone on a T marble slab as the clock tolled twelve. Over my table, in my study hangs -a 'grinnog' skull, and many a time be tween ! the honrs of 12 and 1 I have turned down the light and stood before the hideous emblem of mortality and called on Asrael or Barnard as the humor might suggest. But all in vain. No gbbst rises at my bidding. Alone I can accomplish nothing with the super- . natural. I think I shall marrv. — New York world-. 