A BAPTISM OF FIKE. By Jeanktte Van Alstine. m EN YON BLAKE sat in his luxurious office, chewing the end of his cigar and. mentally anathematising the state of the Money Market, and the unreasonable and Very inconvenient caution that had lately characterised oven the most reckless of speculators. > ; As a professional blower of bubbles, he had ' no patience with this timidity and caution — in others ; sind it was an unlooked-for exhibition of these .undesirable qualities in . al big fish, upon whom ho had of late . .ekpende'd mucih eloquence and more cham pagne at, several expensive luncheons, and i \- whom he had believed to be fairly hooked, that had disturbed his usually placid tr— ncr. It was oiieof the rules ofhis sol£-indu.;.-nt 1 life to dwell as little as possible upon any thing disrgreeable, and to compensate him self for -any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that camo to hand. Acting upon this habit, "he opened the handsomely- fitted liqueui:-case .which is always so important a feature of the . promoter's sanctum ; and, haying pulled himself together with an , expensive, brand of whiskey, lit his cigar— also an expensive brand — and sauntered out. By the time he had reached Leadenhnu- street he had completely banished his dis appointment from his thoughts, mid In its stead - had summoned before his mental vision, an apparition that was eminently a \- pleasant one; To tell the truth, Bessie Langley's face and voiee, and soft distinctive charm, had hhuntcdBlako pretty persistently for a couple of months; and it needed no great effort on his part to conjure up her image. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress of a lively board -meeting, when he needed all his con centration and adroitness — for Kenyon Blake's board- meetings were nover tame, but ifrequently very stormy— he had been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. . To think of her, to wish' to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural sequence to man. of Blake's disposition, and in another minute' he was inside a' haneom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one board - meeting . that imperatively demanded hie attention that' afternoon. .« Bessie was standing 'by ' the great' north window when lie came in, looking out upon , the trim - garden where the- sun shone brightly on tlio rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers, they had plucked up heart of' graoe under his genial smile,' and, Turning their. backs upon tne east/wind, had resolved, tb bloom their sweetest-. " And what have you been doing lately? May IiBoeJ". asked Kenyon, aftor sho had poured hun out a cup of toil which he swallowed with a shudder, but acceptod because lie liked .to -watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing ; absolutely nothing. I Imve been horribly, idle ; a. very blight of laziness seems to have - settled on mo." . But'let us talk of something else ; I am not in a work- i ing'mood, as I told you. ; .My brushes and I j are 'out,' as M'ill Carleton would eay." Poor Beesio ! The restlessness and disin- I- clination for steady 'work, that' she called I laziness, was. tho first effect of the disturbing element that. was creeping into her life, and 'towliich she had not . become accustomed. Art bad for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not us yet com prehend that any other feeling might claim incre' than a. superficial interest from her, She was, moreover, a reserved and, tender woman ; and, the circumstances of her life .liad.-seryeditqijntensify.. this nfttural. oharac- \- teriatic. j 'Motherless Wrlfi, sho had been left- to. the i core' Of hor: greSt-unole,' a' siniple-minded,' I -larEe-liearted old man oi the Colonel New- come' type;1 who' lived ' in a tiny home oinbowerod in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He Idolised Bessie, and hie pride In her talent k'iiew no bounds. Ho took her to Rome for'two years, and from thenco to Paris, where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted, the notice of 'some of the best men in the profession by -tho earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin \- -had built lier'the big bright studio that-was .the real heart-home ot tho enthusiastic . young artist. , The gentle old man lived to see his darling win her place upon the line; and then fadqd gradually and painlessly out \- of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette —Ninette, the Bharp tongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whoso capable hands had .held the reins of their little mtnuge there; and who hud begged to bo allowed io accompany 'them to England, rather, than ho parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her . hard . heart., . When Uncle Colin died, his pension diod with him; but' Bessie's, work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager, ... And so ' the'years sped' softly on, 'and Bessie lived liko- a nun, seeing only a fewi follow-. craftsmen, and neither knowing nor | caring aught of the outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully I satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained -ignorant and unsus- : pioioua of its deeper needs, - I : '.'She would be. charming if she were a wonkn;" a olever Frenchman had paid of hnr to Julian ; but, unfortunately, she is only an artist." - When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, ; she had shrunk from him with a curiou ! . instinctive feeling that was hardly strong \- enough to be dislike, but was perhaps the : unoonsolous recoil of a spotless soul from the I - smiroh and stain of the -man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnet- . - ism, all'his power of fascination und astute worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half- unconscious-antagonism, nnd to win her con fidence »b well as her liking. Gradually, however, sho grew to look forward to his visits, and ere very long it came to pass that many summer mornings found him swinging idly in the hammock that - ' was slung across ono corner of the ...studio, wh'ile sho . .tried to /work, and drank in his words, all ' ' unconscious "of , whither she was drifting. . Blake unfolded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures und perils, for lie waB a good i talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all he ; recounted there was a cleverly. managed glorification of himself, that somohow Toft . Bessie with the impression that someone \ else had told her what a princely fellow was j .this generous, bravo, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes his voice would be low, and hit? eyes grow sad, an ho roused her sympal .v , with the well-told talo of an uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant siiccsses diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself disheartened and mudo reckless by the tactless folly of tho woman he had married. All this was delicately conveyed of couiso ; more by implication, at first, than hy actual detraction, and with many a skilfqlly-drawn contrast that wus subtly llattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied —and loved ? Ah ! yos. Lovo forced its way at last into tho closed chambers of her heart, thrilling all Its ftbros to t.enderest liarmony under his tormenting touch, and filling her eyes with the divino unrest which is tlio first of tho many penalties that wc women pay for his admission. But tlio sweetntj33 was short- lived, and. tl,0 realised tho hopolcooncsn of thofutuio f/oya.'y sbo wrestled with the devil of rebel lion us f b-'- Jac.ob wrestled with the mes- .-ionp'er of > nn< ftfter a time victory seemed to .'- , a'>'ue. alio could not cast out lier'li but Gho could cm-bit, and turn it in channel of friendship that should b' ' ®' 'ler "'o, and that na comfort to him akca Her hoart aohod for his loneliness, and for tho hideous mockery of his mnrriago to a woman ho did not lovo ; and sho longed with all hor generous, unselfish soul to bringsoino brightness into his blighted lifo. It tortured hor to see that longing, hungry look in liiB eyes, and tho sad tones of his voice awakened in her all that protecting, 1 semi-maternal tenderness thut slumbers at ( the hoart of every true woman. I Alas, that so few women realise, until it ia | too late, how terrible is tho power of a man who has studied our sex, and who does not scruplo to turn his knowledge to account ! . I From the first, tho odds are against us ; for 1 we are so easily swayed by personal influences. Remorselessly ho gathers the thousand little dainty filnmentB of out-weak- nesses nnd foibles into his hand, and twists tliom into a cable that binds us. In vain we j strugglo ; we cannot break it; and those who muster sufficient courage to cut it asundor, find that they have dug tho knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds that perhaps may never heal. . It is only a very strong man who can resist using this powor whon he has once experienced the fascination of its exorcise ; tho cravings of his own passion bid him strive for viotory at any price. And most assuredly Kenyon Bluko had never been strong with such noble strength. Even an a young man, when the chivnlric instincts aro keenest, lie could rarely summon resolu tion to draw the rein upon his inclinations ; and at forty ho had an incurable flabbinesa of moral fibre that was . tho natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. He watched poor Beesio's loyal struggles . with a half cynical, half compassionate amusement.: Poor little darling, how miserable and how wicked sho felt 1 Wall, timo and he between tliom would cure that ; : and then— ah, then ho would teach her to . to live ! And the mere thought of his . coming triumph sent the blood surging hotly through his veins. Bessie had crown very dear to. liira, and he loved her ' with the truest love of - which his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That ' it waj a poor, weak, fleshy parody of tho 1 great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyon's fault ; for, suoh as it was, it was the best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax oarne; andone July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to a story that should never have been told ; and tho dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with - joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other com plex emotions that tug at the heart-stringq but defy analysis. ' At 27, a woman, however sheltered' and uneventful her girlhood may - have Been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and Bessie knew. But the hand of the cpnquoror woe heavy upon her ; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to an? passion but tha love of. her-iart, was struggling to life at tho call of the' man whose ardent words wore "dropping -like gouts of fire into her-heart. '. To all strong-bearted women the birth of passion 'is a bewilderment.; a torture of. sweetness. that, leaves the will all limp and. helpless, and blots everything from out the world, but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. .. . - ' ' . ' "No, we shall riot part," he broke in upon her murmured protest." "It is useless to tell me not to come; As- well might you forbid your flowers here' to turn towards the light. Nature is stronger than you aro, Bessie ; , stronger than I am. Do you think!/ have not struggled and fought ray, way through the same scruples and doubts that' have assailed you ?" And with the saiiio result; You have tried to . cast out this dream from ' your heart ; but, dear,,- you cannot. . Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, has pursued you with ' whispers .of.. A' joy too great .to.be renounced -r hot meant to be renounced. .No, .you shall not speak— I'aa she tried to stop the : words ,thnt .' tortured- her—" I: -know what you would say,, and I -will not listen. All those illogical, timid considerations " would find ; no place in your Heart if it \tere on fire like mine. What is tlio world to you or to me, with its puorile social laws, ana ineffectual barriers? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave tlio rest to me. Do not speak ; .look up. into my face, and let me read those triie eyes! Come, Bessie ; come to me, sweet; Come to me for life— for ever !" His voice was husky with passion, and tho arms ho held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions lis had ever known. . "T cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with sob in her voice. " Yet you love me ! I feel you do ; while I— my God-1 child, I worship you! You drive. mo mad with your quiet, eool ways and tender oyes ! Tell . me, dear," he went on more quietly, ."had I beenfree would you have ahtivcrid differently 7 . Would you havo boen toy wifo?" "Ah! Kenyon." ' Say, would you t" ,, " Yes," very softly. ' "My sweet i" And in -a stcond she' was in his arms, "and he was kissing hor greedily- on lips and cheek— kisses that burned deep into tier soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling 'through her veins. For a moment the wonder of thie new bliss I that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and | she forgot the. struggle that was still I unfinished, with all its doubts .and; fears laud the dim, prophetio instinct of sorrow ! in the future. I "No, sweetheart, let mo hold you so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate' ombrace, " while we . reason a little together. If you would have married me, why should you hesitate' to come to me now, why cloud your life and mine with this chimera pf the world? Can yon not lore me moro than the world ? What is its verdict to you or to me 7 I know you so well, my white darling, my pure-souled Bessie ! fs it not enough for you that I . understand' and reverence you ? Can' you not trust me? Is not your lovestrongenough I for this 7" I " It is not that. I could trust you, Ken- yon. I do not caro what others would think," she answered, brokenly; "but we both owe something to another law. We have no right to bring sorrow on your wife," ' Hush, child ! You are speaking of what you do not understand 1 For years my wifo and I have been the merest acquaint ances—hardly friends oven, and the littlo time wo spend togotlieris almost always disagreeably spent. How should you under stand a cold, coarso, jealous nature liko hers —you, who are so tender nnd so fine? And yot sho is p good woman in hor impassive way ; but we aro liko oil and water. Foit are my true mate, the wifo of my soul, the ono woman whoso every thought and impulse is responsive to my own. All ! I could do great tliingB with you always besido mo to lie my inspiration— my Egeria ! See !" — tnking her passive hand in his — "in tlio hollow of tins dear hand lies my life ! You can make it Heaven or hell for mo, Bossio ! My lovo, my lovo "— his voico brolio— "uso your powor mercifully ! Do not be hard upon us both ; for you know you cannot condemn mo to misery without suftbring yourself !" It was piteous to see her vacillation and uncertainty— hers who had always been so strong and so prompt, But a volcano had suddenly broken forth amid tlio cool green pastures of her lifo, burying all her land marks under its lava flow, and driving hor to a fato that alio was poworless to resist. A ntrange senso of calm; and peaco, and happiness succeeded to tho ntorrny doubts and fears of the lust few weeks. Everything appeared to Bessio under anew aspect, and she sung blithely as olio painted. For sho had entered hor Land of Beulab, tho Canaan of our foolish, lovo- craring hearts. Ah mo, that its boundaries aro so narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wido upon the dark wasto of disenchantment 1 At first I sho had blamed herself btttArtv f<u- haying striven against Kenyon so long. Since she loved him, why had sho tried to ereot banners against liirn, nnd to shut him out into tlio loveless cold of tho world whence ho hud como to seek her? Thoso barriors, too, lind been built of selfish ness, of contomptiblo fears for herself, of an ' unwomanly lack of generosity in her. But all that was past now ; she had tasted the joy of self- abnegation, of self-effacement that is tli e heart of love ; and aho know that tho work she hail to do in this world was the delightful task of making her Kenyon happy. That was tho truo morality of love, and all tlie rest was empty nonsense invented by a i loolish world that did not know how to bo thankful for its own blessings. She looked back, with wondering pity for I liorsolf, upon tlio quiet days before she had known Kenyon ; and with the grand j triumphant tones of hor life-music pealing in hor ears, those far-off days seemed like dumb notes in the song. It was not until long afterwards that sho realised ..that they were rests ; rests which, though they are not musio, " have the making of miisio in tliom." " Do you really love me, Bessie?— love me well enough to be quite happy, just because I love you and we belong to eaoh other 1" Kenyan said to hor one day. . . She nestled yet more closely, to -him, and siicntlj) laid hor fine soft lingers on his ehoek ; for, she was shy of words attimes with the' only man ahe had ever loved, this "woman of seven- arid-twent.y. Apparently tho pretty action satisfied him— for a time at least. ' -"And -I'm do good, dear;!' he went on, a little sadly; "a queer, eccentric sort of fellow ; never doing anything I dislike and never 'denying myself a ' thing" I ' want— a- selfish brute. But I never yet went back on j a'-fi'lend or gave up a scheme I had promised, to carry through. The ; world would tell | you, and toll you truly, that I am not fit to ask for'uny good womau's love" — it was one of, ..Kcpyou.u Blake's .most., dangorous, and : alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon as quite a reosless candour and frankness ; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever, wore the livery of Ananias ! — " but I worship, you; Bessie And though "I haVe loved' scores of . oth I women, and have been loved by them, ne'er one hns had the power to move me asyouver you sweet, sweet girl 1" - do, The mouths sped by utmost unnoticed by Bessie, who, once the great plunge hnd been made, had forgotten all her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without saying ; for, with thesadhumiuty of a loving woman, ; she had tried to descend to Konyon's level, Having found it impossible to raise him to hors. - And things had not prospered with Keyon. A financial blight had fallen on the City, -and he could find no scope for his persuasive talents' and no market for Iris speculative schemes.' Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, lie was not sufficiontlya g—i tie- in an to wekr a shabby coat with enso ; und having expensive habits, it was not long before he exhausted .not ouly his own resources but also those of his friends who were confiding enough to trust liiin. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of his embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenced .with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties aud fifties, the slender bank : account grew 1 less. And Niuetto bunged her pans about mare viciously than ever, and drove tho dustmen, whom she held in especial abhorrence; to the verge of suicide. ' Arid as the spring ripened into summer the firab'cloud gathered on- Bessie's horizon. Mrs.' Blake, who had been on the Continent for a year, signified her intention of spend ing the season in London, and desired Kenyon to look out some suitable house for her. . The request' with its consoquant expenditure, staggered him,. but as', his wife wus. always the. last person to/whom he wished .his difficulties to be . known, , he trusted, 'with the, true gambler's .spirit, to some lucky coup to set him straight, aud prepared . to receive her. Bfssio looked on, and for tho first time grew jealous. He had been so wholly hers, that she hod at times almost . forgotten that other claim— and now ! In - vain Kenyon assured her of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice, caused him ; in ' spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, lie devised a whim sical euro, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge -for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure wae completely success ful. ... , Bessie; had been prepared to hats the waman whom she had wronged, and whose1.' very, existence had -wrecked ell the sacred' hopes oi wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who' is worthy of the name ; butab the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs'. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eight-and-thirty years sat heavily on ; her, and, without being stout, she gavq the ; impression of weight and thickness by reason of her unelastic tread and tho clumsy contour of ankles' and wrists, As a girl she iriueb have'been rather pretty, and uncon sciously." one expeoted to see. her -in the costume of the early seventies— a costumo one felt that had been becoming to her. : But . by somo strange freak of form ,or feature, no' skjil of modern dressmaker could bring her up 'to date, or hide that fatal ' inborn dowdiness before which even Felix and, Worth would have confessed them selves, powerlese. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there. wus something pathe tic in this; and as she noticed how tho supplementary twiet of bright gold empha sised the fadednoss of the once pretty hair, she, was :filled with a half' contemptuous pity. This sad, colourless woman, who ' looked as though all the glad generous bloqd had turned to water in her veins, and who' bore a whole tragedy or broken' hopes, and wistful straining niter he love . eh had losb-Mf, indeed, she 'had ever bad it— in Uier dim, white- lashed' eyes, could never again awakon Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with . his restless enorgy and full pulsing vitality, j his quickness and activity of thought and | body, sought the world over for a more I uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic ' : woman, who dragged like a millstone upon Ilia career, it is doubtful whether he could have found ono. As Bossio turned away, she realised aB nevor before that it was ahe who was indeed iiis true wife — the wife of his soul, as lie had sjiid ; but somehow there was a tinge of bitterness in her joy that eho did not under- ; stand. I It wan just after this that Kenyon went ; suddenly to Puvie to try and tilt the scale's of Fortune in favour of one of his seuemea that was trembling in tho balance. He was almost ponnileas ; hilt with the sublime audacity that was one of the factors of his success with women, lie posed tliore as a veritable l'aladin of finance ; and it was I from the Hotel Continental that Bessio received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows', that so amply satisfied her nnexaefcing tendorness. Witlj the fatal capacity for devotion nnd self-sacrifice that distinguished hor, sho fretted over her lover's impecuniosity, nnd finally gathering together tlio remnants of her saleable sketches and jewollery, sent him five crisp, clean i'fi notes ; and then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and rain to save tlio threepence that an omnibus would havo cost het . When be returned be had thegraco to feel ashamed whon lie missed a hoop of fine diamonds that lie had always seen.on Bcssio'c fingor. Hitherto sho had, with delicato tact, selected tilings which eho woro but seldom ; but these lma all gone. " Will you love nio the Icsb that my bands aro btiro ?" sho nsked, laughing; "you silly boy, to fuss nboubsuch a triflo !" And then ho talked in his largo way - tlio magnificent things lie wae going to do the near future, until Dossio began to blarao herself for not having sufficiently appreciated the privilcgo of denying herself tho neces saries of life, and to icol that her poor littlo hundreds must seem very paltry to thie princely hero of hors 1 But worBB was to come ; and a few month# afterwards Bessie etood for the lust timo by the groat north window of hor studio, and looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. , Somo of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying home to roost, and the furnlslie'd house that he!had taken lind to. be paid, for ; writs had been issued!; and altogether matters looked . ugly for him. : ... ;'! '! Bessie's course, had been prompt, and the. : pretty cottage liad been transferred to; >qn : ' artist, who had long coveted it. - r , Everything was packed ; everything ready for her departure ;. and poor '.'.Ninette was shivoriug patiently .out in the gusty hall, and wishing that Madame would remember t.lmt the marketing had yet to be done before . .isy could think of settling down to rest in the dingy Tbayor-streeb lodgings vvhjther they were bound.. And already it wub nearly four, and the gloomy December afternoon was drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exultation -of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of use to the man she loved. Was it not to tide hiin over a disastrous moment, arid to keep a roof over his wifo's head, that she lmd conyertedovefythirig available into ready! ensh.? '-"Ah, and. the dolighb of doing ! it i y : . : - - And it was with a-Bmiling face and happy .heart that Bessie' Lanvley' passed out of her home. Just .before she reached the gate a few ' unnoticed twigs of " common honesty," whioh hod survived thus late in a/ sheltered' corner, attraotod her attention. . and with an itnpulse of pleasure, she stooped to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her band touched them, !! 3 the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among . , their dead companions; leaving the naked . stalks to shi.vor in the chill, damp air 1 - Nearly eighteen months later, all London' " crowded to see a picture that hung in one of the galleries of Burlington House, and had been purchased by tlie trustees of the'-:: Chantrey Bequest. It was a lurge canvas, and bore in, one corner'the initials " E. L. " ; A wo, man clothed in sad-coloured garments . stood erect in the. centre of a woodland path ai d gazed, straight out at tho spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. The very 1 spirit of desolation was pictured there, and : tne key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvaB— a. scavlet letter that glowed arid burned upon the woman's breasb — the A of the Puritan adultress. . -v. But ib was not Hester i'rynne the sinner, silept, scornful, impenitent, as hor judges saw her ; bjit. Hester, the despairing woman, alone among tho ruins of her love, orushed- and dazed by tho cowardly defection of tho . man who had been her goa, her conscience, - her ideal of all that was manly and trust worthy and'true. The pillars of her world had given way, and everything was tottering " under her ; for ho had failed her. And since he was false, what was there left for her to!', cling to? . - ! '" "lb is quito heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. ,".= ; Loster ?" a pretty girl had said to Dudley at the private view; "but Mr.' Gurnctb' was !: : mistaken when he said that Miss Langley , had been her own model. It isn't her face .-! at all." " And the man had murmured, under his breath, " No ; it is only her soul 1" ! Soon after Bessie had left Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in 1 ' Melbourne as manager of some concern in ' which he was interested; His expenses were ./ to be paid, tlie salary was good, and be was ' to receive a considerable sum before hjs ! departure. ' " So you see, little girl, we aro coming oub . all right ; and in a few months I' shall, buy ii, out that 'fellow' who h'as got youi' little pldbei - and yon shall" have a studio of-your:. own -! again," he said, with a fine burst of ler'dly , generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie, whose' uncaloulating passion was as .ready to ask in good' faith as to give, told him that she,,. - was literally penniless, and that there was-: heavy interest coming due upon money thab >; she had raised for him ab various times. Ib j. was the first time she had evor reminded . him of the privations she was suffering ; and i probably she Would not have done so lmd hs not previously, assured her that some hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him. within tlio week. ,.' But she had nob reckoned the new olotheg / there were to buy, the dinners there were to give, and tlie cigars and perfumery and ; - whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and the ' dozen other far more important claims to - i exlmnst his money than the daily needs of ;- the woman who had beggared herself for,, him. " OX course, I had thoughb of that, and ; will sbe to itbcf oral leavo. Don't worry or- , ' fret, for everything is coming straight ab : last." And his answer had been sufficient . ' to satisfy Bessie's trustful hearb. Towurds evening of the day before his; departure, after she had waited for him all : . day, a telegram came : 1 Terribly busy. Meet me ab Docks, . s.s. Alqxa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set out at the appointed, time, and Kenvon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and ' more prodigal of wonderful promises than over. . " I've arranged everything with Towers, : ' so write to him tho' moment you get home, and be will see. you are all right. - I shall. . send you more the minute I land, 'se don'b , worry, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy./ ! at leaving you, but it will only he for a few' ! months, and then I'll show you haw much I': lovo you !" And foolish Bessie bqcame hopeful once . more, and her sad face grew less white and ' drawn as she clung trustfully to the coward ,/',, hand that had despoiled her. ' ! '!;,! Mr. Towers replied to Bessie's guarded,-!.: letter in terms- of BtricteBt politeness, and/,;'; regretted that Mr. Blake had not given .him.1,!, instruction's to act for him in any way ;.bub.; he inclosed that gentleman's- address, and'! :' expressed the opinion that any communiia- . tion addressed direct to him would receive , his attention. /; 1 .-.yvRiW;, Time orepb slowly, on, and ! Bessie and >!j Ninette came perilously near starvation!;-!:/: for Bessie found ib was more difficult to sell . . her work when she hawked 'it round herself ' than when receiving the dealers in her own ' ! studio, since oven dealers are nob above boing influenced by tho surroundings of ' . their . customers. . Then she grusped -ab- tbirti,'/ forlorn hope of the gently-reared poor— teaching ; and, trudged bravely /.through fy the winery /streets' to give hoc lessons. /;-') At the end of three months she received, !!! through Mr.- Towers, a cheque for £10. , - \ It was tiye last communication Bessie. ever!//) re .ved from the- man for . whom she '.hadi sacrificed and suffered so much r althougHv" ! she learned from various sources that he was - /; faultlessly debited as ever, and spending his ' vj money with all' the old' open-handed "princely .-j?/ generosity— upon himself. ' ! o:/;C,: Some womeri babble of their' .'sorrows!, to whosoever lends'ari ear, and so find comfdrb|';/y! ! but Bessie was not one of /these, and "even,' :0 to Ninette she had ' never spoken KenyoriVi? / namo. Into lier picture, she breathed' the'' /-, chaos of her soul. It was her one dumb". ;| protest andappeal — the oneBilentoxpression of her anguish. Some years havo passed sinoe Elizabeth ! Langloy exhibited the picture whioh made her famous ; and she is now one of the mosb . eagerly-sought-after women in London ; for it is only in novels that hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do not live outside the pages of tho romancer. Brit Bessio is "Bcsnie" no longer; tho soft diminutive does not fit tho queenly woman who bears hor 6tatolior name in full. She is gonllo in manner as of yore, with tlio added grace of tlio finished worldling. But tlio true softness and trustfulness of hor'1 nature lias for over vanished, for she has missed through her Baptism of Fire, and learned her lesson of life ; and it lino left hor impassive, and scornful, and coldly cynical at hoavb.— -Abridged from VaniCv Fair. 