iff ii ir LSSLNDON TOWN HALL mspiLCs -was held in the endon lo«ji ^ig.was^crowdediitosthejdooM.i-'-The^coUfe ilaadiessfBenevolentirSocietyfesTbeiJisubstan^ 4aaljsim;of "£2G>l-73. : i GJcL was taken;-andTtlle managemcntrvvas so:econoinirally;'cii-rieil;biit jW.orthy^W^B^S^EKe^^^^Eines^^lfel JfoKhwaQessworltjj^rgnnieifixPfi^e^sSl Th^ortjm^olvea^nfshifting^ JfidlipliSi ^ ^Christ I " s o l d i e r Marching aa to war, With tlie OrosB of Jcsiu Going on beioie. 2 At the sign of- triumph, Satan's host doth ilee ! On, then, Christian soldiers, On to victory J Hell's foundations quiver At tlie shout of praise; Brothers, lift your voices, Loud your anthems raise. :.-:?•••-, Onward, Christian soldiers.• 3 Like a mighty army, Moves the Church of God; : - ; ;: Brothers, we: are;.treading, t - Where t'nc saints have Wod. : \- We "are not divided, All one body we, Gno in hope, in doetrine, "One in chanty. Onward, Christian soldiers, t: Crowns and: tliTones may perIslijv . lungdoms rise and wane, But tbejGbviEeh of JesuBj :': • •. Constant will remain; Gates ^of:iieU.;cau^iever ' : 'Gainst that Church prevail ; We have Christ's own promise, And that" cannot fail. Onward; Ghnstiansoldiers. 5\. Onward; tlien, ye;peoplei; . : :; . Join.our happy throng; .,:••;• iBlerid with :ours your voices, -. In the triumph Bong. Glory, praise and lionour /Unto GhriBt the King Tliia, through countless ages, Men and angels Bing. Onward, Christiaii soldiers. prasec. [RBV. W. M'KIB.] antbem.—ScnO ©ut Ub8 Xiflbt. • - (Gounod). .:.- Send out Thy light and truth, let. them lead me, • ! • •. ;"•:.-•.-••:•••. . And let them bring me to Thy holy hill. O God, then will I go nnio Thy altar, On the harp we wilTpraise Thee, O Lord our God ! Why, 0 soul, art thou Borrowful, And why cast down within me ? Still trust tlie loving kindness ' Of tlie God of thy strength, And my tongue yet shall praise Him Who hatli pleaded my cause ! Lord our God! Thou wilt save Thine anointed, Thou wilt hear us from heaven ; Tho' in chariots some put their faith, Our trust is in Thee ! • .- They are brought down and fallen, : But the Lord' is bur helper, , " We shall not be afraid. Send out Thy light and Thy truth, let them lead me, And jet them bring me to Thy holy hill. fflrst Xesson. [REV. D. MACRAK STEWART.] • ISAIAH, CHAPTER : LXI. Solo-" masacetb,"—(ffoioiorf.) ... (With prchestralaccompaniuieat.) [MR. GEORGE SUTTON.] SeconO 3Lesson. . [REV. W. M',KIK.] ... I CORINTHIANS, CHAPTER, XIII. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become 'Ids sounding; brass, or a . tinkling Cymbal' 2\. And though I have the gift: of pro phecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. ; 3\. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, aud though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it pro fiteth me nothing. :- 4.r. Charity isufferctli long; and is kind ; .charity; envictli: notcharity yaunteth not ^itself, is not puffed., lip, . o. -Doth not behave it6elf iin5eeinly, 8eeketh not lier - own, is not" easily provoked'^ thinliethiioevil; ' (i.^Rejoicetb.not in iniquity, but rejoicoth in the truth • ' : ~ 7\. Bearcth all things, believetliiill things;' liopeth all 'tilings';iendureth all things. tjLC-.-e. 8. Charity tr. prOphiicvi-.H, never faileth "Tlicy ijliall ; but iuil whether ; tAere'ie tongues, they sliall cease;" whether. r (Aere,4"c.knowle'd^ . 9. t: Por;. we. know in part, and we pro pliesy in part. \- -•:... .10. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part sliall be done away. ••" 11. When . I w&3 a child, I spake as a : cliild,l-iuiderstood :as;a:chil^ h child ; but wheii I became a man, I put ;:away.childislr things, •-•: .-•••:• •.-.'< 12\. For now we see through a glass darkly ; but then face; to face; now I know in part.; hut then shall I know even as also l am -known. . .13: And now abidethfaith, bopcj charity these: three; but : .the greatest of these is ciiarit-y. ©ID tnmoreDtb. : " O be'joyfvl in ille Lord, all:ye lands.'' j. 'All people' that on earth do' dwell. .-.v Singtto.the Lord with: cheerful voice ; i. :: Come j'e before htm and rejoice, i The Lord,:ye kiipw,:is (iod indeed; > ; Wifchou t our aid Jie did us inake j « . We arc His-flock'jtHe dotli us feed, : And for his sheep He dothais take. : - O enter t-hen -His gates with praise, . \-- Approach witlv joyiJIis courts unto ; : : - Praise; laud andMessiiHis name always. For it is seemly so to do. Por why ? The Lord our God is good ; 1 His mercy is for ever sure; His tmth at all times firmly stood, ;;; .KAnd shall'from-age to-age endure.:; To Pather, Son and Holy Ghost, ;;TheGod-wliomHeaven antleartli adore; . Prom,men r and from the Angel-hoBt -Bepraisea^ Amen. A&&RE;£S.—REV. HORACE TUCKER. - - i , Like the " Old Hundredth," these words •carried ' him back -in. memory '- to - the oldi country and Cheshire—the salt country. fHere;--thousands;: of .feet jundcrgroundy in "a: tifonsandsVypi-K^ seeking for Ms treasure which he opened out from the numerous subterianean spaces around, and he could in fancy again turn I^o-nldrons^. cauldrons;-: srbeforeShmi.-t^i3 ng in seemed ed to him agjj^^the'Toom on ,-irlihci.u mors, and tliuv, cumc>Ld"1 o" t-lic •.eapoit, vheiue-lhr merchint icucl 1 - carrieclitto ery country ^under hea\eny world—o\en to "the Aery poorest man's ;huiS)leftolrrd^Jor:,;hewasiLWorth5!'Jus::;s ,and4itako.tgraced:theftables75of^tTieariches^ ^ThesejfaetBfr.andaailludmgtStoi'diheni:.^ lupAoilinnipleasantyimemorieSi-'ofepeacer.andjcontent in a far distant clime This dust ^wl^bmrasfsa^^ps^teKtiiesJivniUeslh ^ould^uy- it^oontttinedathe;-.lmosti3remarl£-.; •able ^properties 3 It lendered our food i^&lfle;^ai^wholesoiiieit::;iit;ampar.teds3ii ^pod Sid! booE "it "typified two things— tP|rmanency—(hke)"the suhuibs of "Aid SBomethmgpsweets'roriwppetisiug^Jplcasaiiti) ik^tKe!live|jof- p alli&)a ffilks,present 1 STK' t'iGda^expect^s i cij Je» K merciful and, the : pure; in heart, ' and those Jiungering-afters righteousness••;>^ blessed are all. these for.,tliey-are the salt of the earth; What; was laid- downiin tthe ^beatitudes , wasoimilar -to the action of salt. What salt : would do in- preserving food; the words of : - our.; lord : would ido similar duty in the niatfer of making our lives permanent. He had said-rl am the liglit of: tlic world; in Palestine, and if J am lifted up, draw oil men unto me. Ho had said many tilings to ..the poor -fishermen-,- but they, possessed HiB -spirit:; These men went into palaccs, and- courts and temples ; they went to the highest and lowest, even to slaves and freed them.'..They carried- tovall men .the grace of God, aud saved the world from its corruption, and - internal deadliness; ; The "world saved by the salt- .of t lie liglit of Christ-. - .The. -.principles ..of Masonry—not the-; secrets of the :craft.-. (wliich might-bo : inquired abont l)y dne s -v\'ifc or sweetheart) were of; a. religious .nature. : He. believed that the Masonic Order was amongst tlie grandest of the primitive institutions of this -world'. ; ::. It seemed older- than the temples of Mount Zion and Jerusalem, and Solomon. j; older than • tlie pyramids of Egypt> and its secrets were as silently guarded tas: those;; of tlie mystic, sphynx. Amongst the priniitive institutions of the world ;Masonry may take -ita place.' Every Mason was expect-ed to be a good mail as well as a good christian, and. they Baid to their brethren, "Ye are the-ealt of the earth." The order waa distiiictly a religious instit-ntion, and every meeting was duly solemhizea by the presence of an open volume of the Word of God. There the Architect of the universe was honored in the highest. Even the most frivolous, heed- less and thoughtless was awed by the solemn words, and had regard for them expecting to be dealt with on the great day of judgment. Masonry rendered permanent tlie aneient:gbod traditions of . society, and ho liked to think that tho people present in that; room were once more reminded of the words said to all good Masons. " Ye are the salt of the earthj' 1 because of the beneficent principles. These were the very tenet« of the law and Gospel in all their spiritual: fulness. " These ^.principles the Masons were bound to maintain. One of the I«ading tenets of the : : craft was benevolence. Tlieir professions they were not content to have only for Sunday, hut a Mason was sworn to maintain the honor of Kis bt'other iu preseuce aud absence. He waa required tx> be a :good, true man every day. lie was sworn to stand by him in boom or adversity—trouble or triumph. We had had too much boom and these words could apply. The brethren who sprinkled the salt were bringing in the good lasting coin. It was possible to have too much of; a', gbdd thing, but they could not have too much benevolence spread over every day of the year. If all the largo hcartedness was stored up for one day in the week, and .forgotten the next, that was not in accord with Christ's teachings. There was a lot of so-called religion which comprised brushing up a black cloth coat and tall hat and singing psalms for one day in tho week, and complete oblivion on the rest. This was like having a big mouthful one day, and not a single taste the next. Good housewives mingled salt with all our food, in small quantities. The palate did not'detect it; but the salt was there all the same, and if it were missing we would notice thei "absence, The singing had been a treat to listen to, hut they wanted much praise in song every day of the week—not merely oil one day. A Mason was expected to be a good man not only in his lodge , but out of it also, A good spirit could be detected in a shining, happy face, aud he urged them to let kindly words impart- action,. life, encouragement aiid help to all around. He hoped all who worshipped^ and all who had been singing so sweetly would have the words ringing ifl their ears—" Ye are the salt of the earth," Then wheu they suffered they would remember. He urged them to give of their good coin to the cause; of charity. .-They had not spent it all yesterday. "Those" who were not sunken in poverty—those who were in the bet ter-placed ranks; should remember God's poor. Hats and bonnets and dresses were all bought as the.varying fashions capriciousiyxdemahded, and it was for the buyers to also think of findings crown forjthepoor. He hoped an earnest effort would be made, to live up to the grand old tenets of Christianity, and that they would ever bear in mind the words : " Ye are the salt of the .earth." ..... Hiitbcm, " ® OLort), ©uc ©overnour." (GarUby.) 0 Lord, our G.overjiour, how excellent Thy Naiue in all the world ! Tliou tliat liast set; Thy glory above the Heavens! " Lord, what is man that Thou art mindful •:;-:.- . of him ? - Or the son of man that Thou yisitest him? Tliou madest him lower tliau the Angels ; I'o crown him with glory and worship. ©tfcrtocB. --Jiistcumcuta u " MARCHK AUX ITIAMBEACX." Scoteon Clarke. Xau&a; Sioit- : They that in much trilsulation, Waitaudloii^foi-His'snlvatioi), v;: Havfe"with:Him tlieir dwelliug place. They with songs of angels blending, Hallelujahs never ending, ' . All their griefB foiget in joy— ; Joy that shall be never-ceasing ; Through tho ages still increasing— Happiness without alloy. • They that served the Lord with - gladness, 111 this world of siu and sadness, There sball rest, Por eyer blest. lpragcr. (Rev. 1). MACRAE STEWART.) antbem " Gbe IDeavens are treltdig." '• GreiLtion.—Haydn. ; The:heavens are telling-the glory of God, The wonder.-of his . work. displaj's ,(,lio firmament 4 To-day;that is coming speaks it the day, fiiejnight that is jjone to following night, In :allthe.,lands ; fresoundsitke ^vord," never unperceived, ever understood: <3ob Save tbc Gluccn. God'save our Gracious Queen, ;-v Long live our noble Queen, ••':- •'.-.->•-. God save the Queen. Send her victorious/ Happy and glorious Long to reign over us &od; sa\c the Queen The choicest gifts in store On her be pleased- to pom Long may she reign May she defend our laws, ojung.'jvithihe 1 ' God&g;^Iie Qu Voices lie yueen -a. ' 