TUE AUGUST MAGAZINES. II. Mr. Leslie Stephen criticism in the Con- lemporary Review the position taken up by Professor Huxley in his Romanes lecture with respect to the dependence of the ethical progress of society upon the vigour and success with which it combats that "cosmic process" which we call the struggle for exist- ence, a struggle complicated and intensified by the fact that pain and suffering increase as evolution advances. Mr. Stephen holds that the struggle for existence " belongs to an underlying order of facts to which moral epithets cannot bo properly applied It denotes a condition of which the moralist has to take account, and to which morality has to be adapted, but which, just because it is a 'cosmic pro- cess,' cannot be altered, however much we may alter the conduct which it dictates. Under all conceivable circumstances the race has to adapt itself to the environment, and that necessarily implies a conduct as well as an alliance. The preservation of the fittest, which is surely a good thing, is merely another aspect of the dying out of the unfit, which is hardly a bad thing " Writing of French plays and English audiences, Mr G Barlow calls attention to the fact that a genuine love of the former has been ex- hibited by the latter, and, instituting a comparison between the two most famous actresses of the day, he describes Sarah Bern- hardt as "the greatest surviving representa- tive of the school of acting that Moliere founded, the school which carried what may be called the ideal method even into the interpretation ot comedy , and Eleanor Duse is the representative, and a very great repre- sentative, of an opposite school, the school of absolute realism." Canon Knox Little de- fends Ritualism and the Ritualists against Archdeacon Farrar, and, after accusing him of unfairness in dealing with opponents and of violence, if not venom, in controversy, winds up with, " Brethren, let us love one another " Mme Darmesteter, who has carried her English love of nature into the home of her French husband, contributes a truly vernal paper, descriptive of "Spring in the Woods of Valois," that is to say, in the forests of Chantilly, Compiegne, and Fontainebleau. Discussing the literary structure of the newly found fragment of the Gospel of St. Peter, Mr. J. R. Harris contends that this denotes it to be an artificial and late product, belonging to a lower period than any of the Canonical Gospels. The disquisition is, in fact, de- signed to prove that the recovered fragment shows everywhere "the traces of a highly evolved prophétic gnosis,"and that "most of the apparently new matter which it con- tains is taken from the Old Testament." As to the date (A D 130) assigned to it by Dr. Martineau, the writer states that he takes no objection to it, but is not quite convinced of it. Leasing's place in German literature is the theme of an ably written essay by Mr. T. W. Rolleston, who defines the mission of that great writer to have been the creation of a national literature, and speaks of him as one of the pioneers of a remarkable movement in both art and religion. "He who reads Modern Painters," it is observed, "reads Leasing, he who reads Essays and Reviews, reads Leasing." His wonderful and almost unlimited scholarship and his un- erring critical faculties enabled him to prepare for the renascence of German litera- ture. Just such a man of commanding genius, it is observed, is needed in Germany to day , the current literature of which, as Mr Rolleston remarks, "is correct, erudite, complacent, prolix, and anaemic. It has a host of excellent writers, but no one to whom truth, reason, and beauty are sacred enough, or their opposites detestable enough." Dr. Donald Macleod, address- ing himself to the question of the disestablishment of the Scottish Church, complains of the ignorance concerning that church which prevails south of the Tweed, even among persons supposed to be educated. He shows that it numbers 599,531 communicants, outnumbering all other Protestant denominations in Scotland by 64,644, and he declares that if the pro- position to dissolve the union between church and state in Scotland were referred to the people of that country, separate from all other issues, the reply would be an over- whelming majority against the measure. This was what Mr. Gladstone promised should be done, but he now " flouts the idea of consulting the Scottish people before shattering the compact to which both the kingdoms have sworn, and to which every Sovereign takes the oath at coronation. Is it only Ireland and the Irish Church," Dr. Macleod goes on to ask, " that are worth a direct reference to the people' And does Scotland stand where she did, if she submits to such treat- ments?' Mr Walter Besant's article on " The Associated Life" is both a retrospect and a forecast. He traces the history of the principle back to its origin, hundreds of thousands of years ago, among savages, and down to the present time, when timid people are prognosticating an approaching revo- lution, ' Approaching ! ' he exclaims "Why, we are in the midst of this revolution, we are actually in the midst of the most wonder- ful social revolution! People don't per- ceive it, simply because the revolutionaries are not chopping off heads, as they did in France. But it has begun, all the same, and it is going on around us silently, swiftly, irresistibly. We are actually in the midst of revolution. Everywhere the old order of things is slipping away, everywhere things new and unexpected are asserting themselves." Reviewing all the adjuncts and consequences of this revolution, Mr. Besant arrives at the conclusion that "the associated life is necessary for the enjoyment and the attainment of the best and the highest things that the world can give, as the guild and the company were formerly, and as the trade union is now, for the safeguarding of the craft. In entering upon this new association men and women together learn the lessons of the past. Be jealous of your democratic lines. Let every step be a step for the general interest. Let the in- dividual perish." Mr. E. Sell describes a remarkable religious movement which is going on among the Muslims in India, where a new and influential school has arisen, which asserts that the Law of Islam is not necessarily a binding one, but may be set aside or changed when new con- ditions require fresh developments. It is difficult to know whether the writer of an article on "The Grave and Gay Race" is jesting or in earnest when he tells us that " gayness being grayness, and grayety being gaiety, the French are uniquely represented by these two traits " We gather from a paper entitled " The Evolution of Liberal Unionism," by Mr G. O. Morgan, M. P. , that that party is more hostile to the Gladstone faction than ever it was, and that "stranger things have happened in England than the appearance of Mr. Chamberlain in the role of a Conservative Prime Minister, and possibly in that of Earl of Birmingham and a Knight of the Garter " The story of the Cock-lane Ghost is re- told in Harper by Mr Howard Pyle, who in- vestigates the facts of the case more critically than they have previously been, and is led to infer that the matter was by no means settled by the judicial inquiry which resulted in the conviction of the five persons, one of them a clergyman, alleged to have been im plicated in a conspiracy to injure the tenant of the house in which the strange incidents occurred. In a paper on the ancient village of Greenwich, on the island of Man- hattan, the writer tells us that " when the engineers of the West Shore Railroad penetrated into the valley of the Hacken- sack a dozen years ago, they created a great commotion among the honest Dutch folk dwelling in those sequestered parts by taking in the news that something more than eighty years previoualy the American Repub- lic had been proclaimed. Mr C. A. Platt's illustrated notes descriptive of the gardens of Italy are bronght to a close, and most have opened the eyes of Ameri- can landscape gardeners to more beautiful possibilities of their art than they had previously dreamt of. Naturalists will enjoy Mr W. H. Gibson's paper on the tree-hopper, a mimetic insect belonging to the Membracis group, resembling in appearance a very minute quail, which attaches itself in great numbers to the twigs of the climbing bitter- sweet or "waxwork,' where it might be readily mistaken for a thorn, if it were not touched. Inserting its tiny beak deep into the succulent bark, " the parasite remains for hours as motionless as the thorn it imitates, the lower outline of its body hugging close against the bark. Obedient to a wise instinct, "the hopper never sits across the twig, but always in the direction of its length , and what is more the projecting point of the thorax is always directed towards the end of the branch, or direction of growth." Susan Fenimore Cooper, a daughter of the famous novelist contributes "A Lament for the Birds in which she enumerates most of the varieties which have either been exterminated or have retreated in constantly diminishing numbers to such sequestered regions as afford them some chance of escaping from destruction. Even the beautiful bluebirds, the ruby crowns, the gold-crests, and the gorgeous orioles are becoming very rare indeed in the United States Writting on modern industrial warfare in the Westminster Review, Mr J. W. Cunliffe reminds those combatants who constitute the numerical majority that public opinion which plays the part of Providence in such conflicts ' will not be on the side of big battalions, but of good generalship; and that trades unionists will succeed, not in exact proportion to the justice of their cause, but in so far as they are able to con- vince the public of the reasonableness of their demands.' 'His object of an essay on the origin, perpetuation, mid decadence of supernaturalism, by Mr R G M Browne, appears to be to assure timid thinkers and believers that the discarding of supernatural or superstitious ideas does not necessarily involve the relinquishment of such theo- logical or spiritual conceptions and beliefs as are consistent with reason and common sense, and harmonise with the manifold seen and unseen facts of nature. Two pro- positions have been recently put forward for the retrocession of Gibraltar to Spain , and these have drawn forth a vigorous rejoinder from Mr W. F. Rae, who reminds the advocates of a policy of " scuttle, that the Moors have a better claim to the Rock than the Spaniards , that there is a colony of 20,000 civilians there, who are not to be treated like pawns on a chess board, that its strength as a fortress is still unique , that its retention does not cost the mother country one single shilling, not even the Governors salary, and that it has no public debt. Mr H G Keene endeavours to institute a parallel between the Channel Islands and Ireland in regard to the Home Rule demanded by the latter, and claims that the institutions of that little archipelago, with an area something less than that of on ordinary squatting run in Queensland, have secured for their in- habitants " peace, plenty, attachment to England with goodwill among classes, and civil and religious liberty for all men. Mr J C Hopkins corrects some popular errors with respect to Canada and the Canadian Pacific Railway American writers are in the habit of stating that the latter has cost the Canadian Government in land and money £43,000,000 sterling. In reality the subsi- dies have only been one third of that amount. The line is 3 700' miles long, and runs through British territory for the whole distance. Five years after it was opened, its comings were £1,400,000 in excess of its working expenses. It has been honestly built and carefully managed. ' Its stock has never been watered, and continues to stand high upon the London market. And, above all the profits on every collateral enterprise connected in any way with the railways, such as the express and telegraph services, the huge grain elevators the hotels and restaurants in avast number of towns and villages, the sleeping, dining, and parlour cars, all go into the treasury of the company, and accrue to the benefit of the shareholders and the prosperity and credit of the railway ' The enterprise has evidently a magnificent future before it, and the line cannot help becoming one of the greatest highways of traffic on the continent of North America. 'I ho Australian colonist who croBses it is astonished and gratified by the beauty and variety of the scenery, and by the vastness ot the resources of tlie country through which it passes Mr E Howlett, in an article on burial custon», brings together some curious mlormation on this subject Not the least singular of the usages described waa that which formerly pre vailed in Sweden where it was customary to place a amah looking blass in the coffin of an unmarried female, so that when the last trump should Bound she might be nble to arrange her tresses Mr 1 W Grey contrasta the theory with the prac tice of popular government in America, and indicates how wide is the difference between the tw o In theory it is the gov ern ment of the people, by the people for the people , in practice, it is the government of the people by the numerical majority, con sisting ot those least fitted to exercise the right of suffrage, swayed only by motives of self interest and exploited by tho profes Bional politicians who, possessing " unlimited rooney, perfect machinery, long training, and a sufficient Bupply of venal votes, aro masters of the situation and boss the whole show fins being so, "what, asks the writer, ' must be the quality-political, moral, legislativ e-of a majority consisting practically of ignorant immigranta and utterly unaciupulons pro fissional politicians ' The Lnjhsh IlhtUralcd Ma/a vie publishes some letters addressed to a Scottish pupil of his upwards oi thirty years ato by Mr John Ruskin which are well worth laving tohcartby all joung artists-nnd their name is lcyon who imagine that genius is something to be learned at BO much a lesson A great painter, writes the master to the student, ' a great man is bom great, bom for ever No other person can ever approach or liken himself in the slightest degree to him A man is bom a painter as a hippopotamus is born a hippopotamus and you can no more make joursell one than you can make jourself a tirade An illustrated account of a ride on an engine through the complete circle of the underground railway serves to show the excellence ot the brake arrange menta, and the perfection to which the block svatom of signalling has now been brought on those lines A description with views, of Belvoir Castle traces its history buck to dorman times although the present edifice IB not jet eighty j ears old Its Bitua tion is probably unequalled among the country mansions of I ngland Some re mmiscence« of poachers and poaching by ' A Son of the Marshe0, co to prove the truth of the ol 1 adate that men ot tina class make the best tamekeepers A continuation of the romantic story of " Hartmann the Anarchist brings us to the destruction of London by means of explosives dropped from the air ship ' Attiln, and suggests Borne appalling possibilities if the great problem of aerial navitation should ever be satisfactorily Bolved Practical philnnthrophy was never so active or beneficent at the 1 ast end of London as it is at piesent, and the lion and Rev J Adderley a Bketch of w hat is being done there must be very encourntingto all who are conversant with the magnitude of the evilB und dangers which have to be grappled with, and are being bravely attacked by the various ortanisations which have been called into existence for the purpose The senseless Crusades of the Middle AgeB developed many noble qualities amont those who took part in them, but they did not call forth the same moral heioiim and spirit of self sacrifice which are being evol ed by the crusade against v ice poverty, ignorance, and misery now being engaged in among the slums of the poorest quarter of the English metropolis The Ma loane of Arl is equally attractive in its lllustrvtiona and m its letter press , the improvements which are continually being made in process engravin" rendering some of the former almost undiBtintuishuble from delicate sepia drawings while an etched frontispiece from the needle of Mr Law and a choice woodcut from the bunn of lonnard show that the earlier methods of cmbelliBh ment aro not entirelj superseded Speaking of the New Gallerv exhibition, Mr lf Wed more selects some of the best works for description and criticism , and the editor, in a final notice of tbo Academy, calls attention to tho fact that tho painting of religious history or religious sentiment is every year less and less m favour with the artists, whereas in France that branch of art is coming more and more into vogue. Pro fcssor llcrkomer devotes considerable spaco to a critical estimate of Mr. J W. North, ARA, as painter and poet, declaring him to bo " a seer, privileged bv his natural gifts to open out a secret view of nature ," adding that no one except Turner has BO well ron dered the " indefinite beauty of nature " Mr. J. E Hodgson, R A , offers some sound prae tical advice on sketching from nature, and warns students against trying to make "prettypictures " An article on Btreet bal cornea m Northern Italy is rendered addi tionally interesting by the illustrations sup plied by the pencil of the writer 'Hie utility of the philograpluo method of drawing is dwelt upon by Sir. J Porbes Robertson, who explains how to uso tho philogmph , and Sir John Gilbert's magnificent gift of 16 of his worka to tho City of London Art Gallery f urnishes occasion for tho reproduction of six of the pictures thus presented. , Chamberí i Journal, animadverting upon the remarkable succession 01 bank failures in Australia, asserts that these colonies are over banked, and that the reserves of bullion have been hitherto inadequate to meet an> severe strain , while advances have been too frequently made upon securities not readily convertible into cash, 'lhe writer calls attention to the fact that the national banks in the United States arc forbidden by law to lend money on real seounty of tiny Lind, and that such institutions generally aro pro- hibited from advancing to any one mdi dividual, corporation, or firm, an amount ex- ceeding one tenth of the paid up capital. 