SPORTING NEWS. THE ANNIVERSARY SPORTS. (By DEERFOOT.) Tomorrow will be a gala day for the sporting public of the district. On that day Lloyd, the well known Northampton runner, and Foster, a local sprinter of repute; will try conclusions over 120 yards. Very little betting has, so far, been done on the race, which promises to be a contest of the keenest description. On his past form, Lloyd ought to win. He has a good big record, and, with one Solitary exception, has been running consistently for some years. On two occasions he has met Foster in a scratch event. The first time was in December, 1890 in a hundred yards spin. Lloyd had just run a hard private race of 150 yards when he toed the. mark to compete with Foster, and he succeeded in beating his opponent, who, however, it must be said, was not in the best of form. In June last, duBoulay defeated Foster rather easily in the 120 yards championship. In the championship run off the year before, Lloyd beat duBoulay. This would go to show Lloyd very superior to Foster were it not that the latter put down the former somewhat easily in the 100 yards on New Year's Day, Lloyd's running on that occasion however, was it is generally admitted, considerably inferior throughout to what it had ever been previously. At the same time, it must not be forgotten that Foster was not in good form, and came on the track very fleshy and flabby. Under all the circumstances, it is a risky thing to say who will win the forthcoming private match. Both men, I have reason to believe, are in the pink of condition, and are determined to run all they know. In my opinion, Lloyd ought to breast the tape first, a short distance ahead of Foster, provided the start.is a fair one and no accident happens. But I hope each man will get fair play, andthat the Welt man will win. New I come to Jones's handicaps. The first I will deal with is the half mile. The handicaps for this are well arranged, and, so far as l can see, give little cause for complaint. The limit may be considered a trifle too long, seeing that none of the men near scratch are first class performers over the distance, and It is rather dangerous to concede men who may be their equals 45 yards start. However, I am inclined to think that in this instance the handicapper has not erred, and that the result of his work in the half mile will be some excellent finishes. But it will be no harm to mention that it is necessary for him to be careful about giving long starts when the runners he places at or near scratch, no matter how good they may be for other distances, have little or no reputation for the distance for which he is handicapping them. In the half mile, I fancy the final will be something like this M. Kelly (35yds) ... ... ... 1 W. Smith (10yds)... ... .2 E Worthington (10yds) 8 Kelly, who is in form, has 35 yards start, and is not only strong, but has good wind, and there ought to be no catching him if he forces the pace from the start, and uses some judgement at the same time. Lester has a big start -—45 yards—in this event, but his trainer has not been sufficiently attentive to him, and I am greatly afraid that, although they should do, the victor's laurels will not adorn his brow. As for the two mile/ the handicaps for this do not seem so satisfactory. Ankers is deservedly' put on scratch, but why Miller -gets only 35 yards, while T. Cashin — who has proved his staying power by putting up a good record for two hours, and covering more ground than Ankers is allowed 150 it is difficult to see. Miller has never shown that he can travel in anything like company any distance over half a mile, and although he has accepted for the two mile, he doesn't appear to meto have the ghost of a show. F Cashin and M. Kelly, who have both already demonstrated their staying powers, have been awarded too much start of Ankers, who must be a wonderful man if he can win. The race should end as follows:— T. Cashin (150 yds.) 1 M.Kelly(120yds.) ... . ... 2 F. Cashin (120 yds.) ... ... 3 The mile walking match is third and last on the list. The handicaps for this are good and the finish ought to be worth seeing. Lester, with his 120 yards start, should be able to take it, but I think the struggle for first place will rest principally between Cashin and Peters. In form, Peters should win, but he is in nothing like the condition of Cashin, who ought to breast the tape first, if he doesn't. Taken altogether, tomorrows programme is one of the best that has been submitted to the sporting public of this district, and some enjoyable sport should be witnessed. For the 100 yards, all comers, I have not given my tip, for the reason that I am not aware who are to start. It looks rather like a mistake that the entries for this were not dosed a few days ago. In that case everyone would know who were going to run, and a little mild excitement would be created over the matter,and the betting public would have an opportunity to back their fancies. In connection with Jones's half mile handicap, a drawing for heats took place last evening with the following results :— 1st heat E. Ankers (20 yards) W. Smith (10 yard) GK Gibson (45 yards) 2nd heat H. Lester (45 yards) E. Worthington (10 yards) F. Stevens (35 yards) 3rd heat. W. Miller (scratch) J. E. Clinton (35 yards) \- M. Kelly (35 yards) 