'T1HE-RPIORY GHOST, Tihe one afternoontrain was due at Middlei ford-a small, straggling, and not very prosperous town, where terminated a branh line from a junction on the South-Western Railway-a line for which, after long pro tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained toolate, traffio having merged in the directi?n of a neighboring place.; S' iddleford I Middleford!" As thetrain drew up at the platform, one passengeronly, a young man of about eight ortine and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few moments looking about him as it in somenucertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether he would, attea all, pay the chance visit he had gone them to' make. He had notgone by invitation other than w?asconveyed in the words : "Don't forgetto lookmes np if you chance to be anywhereo in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself therehadbeen some degree of intimacy at the Uns ersity, as the two parted to go their differentways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value; and the idea of acting upon them had not oocurred to Allan Meredith until he found himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, taurning over the leaves of Bradshaw, came upon the name of Middleford, and remem bered that it was Laurence Versohoyle's place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, he had, on the. impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in. He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining the influence his decision would have on his future life, and unable to acouont for his irresolution- astate of mind no unusual with him. He presently shook himself free of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He inquired the way of the porter, who had been, curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station sot forth for the Priory. As he walked along the not very interest intrcountry road, his thoughts reverted again to the man he was going to see. What had become of him since they had par:ed three years previonsly-Verchloyle, the first favorite of his set, who, with his good intellect, brilliant, witty and- versatile, had seemed capable of almost any mental feat! True, he had done nothine beyond give the impression that he could do a great deal if he chose; "and," thought Allan Meredith, "carry home a sheaf of bills, I expect. He ought to have been the moneyed man, and I the one obliged to keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the * very necessity for doing something may have given him the kind of impetus he needed-to say nothing of havingto keep up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur to a man." He had reached the cross roads, and was recalling the somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. "Straight on till you come to a finger-post that-seems to point back to the station, but doesn't; take that road, sir-the Priory lane, it's called-until you come to a swing gate, leading into a field; cross that, keeping the footpath to the left, mind you, till you see a- stile; get over that, go through the lodge gates right opposite-though it isn't a lodge now, und there ain't no gates, only poets-and up an avenue, where all the trees have been cut down, and there you are. The old place you'll see before you is the Priory." Time and- weather had effaced whatever information the sign post had once afforded and there was nothing for it but to take the direction in which it pointed. He walked alowly on, speculatino as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive from Verachoyle's people. How little he noew about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Versahoyle could be reticent enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was an only son, and at his father's- death had inherited but the wreck of a oncelarge property, Allan know. He had also heard that the widowed mother was still living. - - - Whatwas Versehoyle doing? -living upon the small property, farming the land or lsad he, as he had sometimes talked tof doing, gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market? At that time his wares had appeared to Allar Meredith likely to be worth a great deal; but, with his three years' added knowledge and experience, he was now inclined to estimate them some what differently. Versahoyle's intellect had. indeed, revealed itself chiefly by , fitful dlashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no lasting impression of very high. powers : and this, with his mercurial temperament might render his success in the futuredoubt ful. Allan Meredith had proceeded some dis tance, and was beginning to think that be mast have passed the swing gate without noticing it, when, on turning a bend in the lane, he saw syoung girl walking in advance. He quickened his steps a little in order to overtake her, and make inquiry as to whether he was going in the right direction, noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far as to infer that she was a farmer's daughter; or rather, as he thought with a half smile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to be like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of some light grey stuff, and shortenough forcountry walking; a large brown straw hat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn it; and ungloved hands, in the'one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered-looking- books. After a molnent or" two he recognised some. thing more. Taking note of the firm, light step, :the carriage of the head, the perfect ease and freedomof thetallgraceful figunre,he mentally ejaculated: - "A lady; ayei and with some individpality.ot her own, too!" -. I . lis step had evidently not been heard on the soft, springy turf, and he was fast lessen. ing the distance between them, some curiosity now mingling with his desire for information, when she turned out of the lane and passed through a swing gate. Hereshe.paused for a moment, looking back, and their eyes met. SYes; just such a face ashe, a dreamer of dreams, hadsometimes pictured to himself, but hardly hoped to see in the world of reality. A face too grave and troubled for her years she looked barely 18-but bow beautiful with its clear; steadfast eyes and general expres sion sosimple, frank; gihrlish, and, at the same. tme so intelligent and thoughtful! She wasregarding him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that ho was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consclously he lifted his hat and asked-: "Can you direct me to the Priory ?" "The Priory P" she repeated in a low voice, her eyes fixed more intently upon him, and her hand tightening onthe gate. "Mr Verachoyle'e place. 1 was directed at the railway station, but do not feel sure .that-'? - " WVhom do you want to see there?" she put in abruptly-almost ungraciously. -Nor was the tone assumed; this wasnot the girl to affect the brusquerie of unconven tionality anymore than theasoavity ofconven tronalitJ-it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and unaccustomed to veil her thourl?ts. " .1" r Versachoyle,"he replied. . " On business !"-the expresalon of dread, of whatever it was, deepening in her face, white now to the lips; as, on the im ~pable of the moment, she pressed back the gate as though to bar the way.. S'." No," he inurmured. To have brought .uch a look to such a facei - 8he still eyed him with the same nnquiet .reetiny as though debating somethingin her mind; thlen hurriedly asked,-"But wly P WVhere do you come from." SHe might verywell have asked wliit in terest his relations with Versohoyle could have for her; but hefelt that there was' soml gravereeson underlyn'g heranriety, nod eras not - inclined to take offence. " Moreover, there Was ' no neseesity -for mystery on his \- side; and, therefore, he might as well reply openly and direcly'to her question. S "From Grayminster. My name is Hero '??"Are you a friendof hisP Mr Verachoyle Is my brother;" still a little hesitaisigly and, as it were, on the defensive. -Her raised his hat again. "We were at . - 164) Wadham .togetl:c,r Miss ~erachoyle, and 'chancing to be in this neighborhood, I thought I would -look him up for half an hour a talk over old times." The color came into her cheeks, and a smile t to her beautiful lips, although both faded too qukly.:. "I remember your name now, Mr feredith. I have 'often heard my brther speak of yonu," moving aside for him to pave srough the gate as she added, "It you will comb withme I willshow you the way." He bowed, pasting quickly through to her side., His indecision had entirely vanished now, and a'visit to the Priory seemed the most desirable thingin the world. To think of Ver sohoyle not mentioning that he had a sister and such a sister ! "I fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke to me, Mr Meredith,"' she said,. looking up into his face with a smile, as they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. " The tnth is, I was afraid-that is, I thought you were-some one else," flushing with the consciousness that she was saying more than she had meant toesay, ' . lie hastened to assure her that it had been quite'evident no discourtesy was intended; mentally, the while, congratulating himself upon not being" someone else," then quietly changed the subject. "I have not seea your brother since we left Oxford, Miss Verechoyle. Your only brother, is he not P" SYes? ; and I am his only sister. My I mother, Laurence, and I live at the Priory." ' Mrs Verseohoyle is well, I hope?"with i suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. - !'My mother is not worse, I am glad to say, than she has been the last five years. SShe is always aninvalid." Had not Laurence toldhimthat mnich? 1 "Was it anxiety about her mother's s health that had brought that look to her face?" he was thinking. "No; it must be I something mece than, or at any rate different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how different anexpressionfrom that he had first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun in them, as she asked: " What kind of place do you imagine the SPriory to be, 3r Meredith ?" "t Well, one naturally attaches a little i mediaeval romanoe to the idea of a Priory ;" adding,' after a moment's reflection-there were certainly no signs of prosperity about Sher-" and it ought to be somewhat dilapi. a dated, I suppose-in the picturesque stage a of decay. I:t must be difilcult to keep those old placos in thoroug~ repair." I "Very," she replied, her face shadowing. a Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on : e "Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to find 0 room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir e looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare your r mind, Mr Meredith, when we turn this next bend-There is the Priory !" He was prenared now to see some dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which a met his view. The Priory ! That desolate. looking remnant of a building, standing forlornly against thesummer sky ! Portions of the walls, somehifg'qi eomlow, and all of ,. cat thickness, still remained here, indicas e tingthe plan of the old Priory: but at this e distance, oven these seemed to form part of e the surrounding brickfields. By no effort of a the imagination could the inhabited part of the y building be supposed to be the abode of pros. plrous people. All was desolation and decay. e without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds about it, which might once have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen fortunes of thehouse. Every acre of the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully o wooded, had 'been sold piecemer 1-the e greater part for briokLeld. On the i Is they were approaching there seemed no redeem ing feature in the dismal scene. No; not t likely to be spacious reception-rooms nor o offices, for an army of ancient retainers there ! Courtesy itself was dumb ! "The Versohoyles have not much left to be proud of. you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invadedby pionic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; but you see the worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins, Sin an opposite direction from that whence Ythey were approaching. "Laurence !"-hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. " A friend to see you." He turned: seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As he a drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor o was, he hastened his steps, his whole face brightening. *" Meredith!" he ejaculated, in satone of relief. " Where have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow? Quite well?" Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended towards him, all the more heartily, perhaps because it a as the hand of Miss Verachoyle' ' brother, as he explained, "I was at the junction, and being so near, thought I would look you up." S" Glad to eeyou, old fellow. You know '' this is my sister?" . "Yes: Miss Verachoyle was good enough to show me the way." She tornedto leave them with the words : " Dinner will be ready in an hour, 'Lau rence." " Allright !" Meredith had time now to notice that r there was the same expression of dread in r the brother's face he had seen in the sister's, but with a difference. In her face it was simply fear: in his it was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at you in her trouble, his eyes were either downcast or averted; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The whole man was Shanged-it seemed demoralized-sincoe SMeredith had last seen hibm. His veryfigure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowering. " What have you been doing with your Y self the last three years?" asked .Meredith. c" Oh, all sorts of things; going to the bad, chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or anything else here,-you 'may think," noticing the diretion which the other's eyes took. "No; I have gone farther afield. Spent two years in London; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." "Nonsense, man; if you take that tone you may be." S"There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. " Give up in that way. withyour abilities, and the world before you !' " It sems easy enough to ou, I dare say. SIt did to me before 1 tried. There is no need for you to put your theories to the test, oryou might find that men occasionally . fail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down, and SI'm one of themn-that' al i!" "tThat is not Miss Verechoyle's creed, I think? ' e"My sister She has been telling you about the wretched teacbmg business, I sup poswo She,' at any rate, is not cursed with thefamily pride. I can't.endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhoppers Iround here. Does no endof drudgery about Sthe house, too." - [ o c co'rTccT.D.] 