SO-CALLED "SCHISM." Thte so-called " schism "eeemstobe-on the brain of some- would-be ministers now-a-days, and their charitable expostula tions might be said even to exceed the measure of discreet zeal. ' They might well object to the Anglican Episcopacy, -andto theltussian, formatter o(tliatj, but why draw in the Catholic ' Church Surely, we Catholics do not call them scTiinmatifia. - If we gave them-any.name it would be quite a different one. Now what does the Catholic Church hold'on this question 1 The word schism is derived from the. Greek schtzein, which means to plit, to rend asunder. Schism, in the ecclesiastical sense, is the breaking up of the unity of the church, and whoever causes this, or follows it, is a schismatic. Schism therefore, in its proper meaning, is directed against the external union .and connection of the members of the church among themselves, and. may have place without any violation of the internal ' -unity in faith and doctrine. Should it however, proceed to the violation of faith and doctrine', it would be no longer schism but heresy, which causes a complete separation from the church. As this unity of the church on the whole, and in its parts, is brought about and represented by means of those who preside, namely the bishops and the Pope, schism regards immediately the breaking up of external union with those who preside in the church, whether it proceeds from the bishops themselves or from individuals. The Rev. F. Hastings has been ventilat ing this subject of so-called schism, and appears to court democratic popularity in the matter, but as a matter-of- fact minister clings to his profession as closely as any priest or bishop would do. We could not take it ill of him, if he confined his remarks to the Anglican Church, but he is bent on denying all ecclesiastical authority whatever, instituted by Christ in his church, and what is the same, the authority of the Catholic Church. His texfTin the first place (Advertiser, January 16, 1893) is rather an unfortunate choice : •"By what authority doest thou these things ? and who gave thee this authority V' (Matt, xxi.,'23.) Now Christ, who had clearly proved his divine mission, was un reasonably questioned, after the proofs he had given. . Rev. F. Hastings can be reasonably asked about his mission, since he has not yet proved it; not directly by miracles—not even indirectly, as he scouts the idea of deriving it through apostolical succession, and the texts and facts he brings to support him do not prove one iota of authority in his ministry. Let us give a few outlines of the scrip tural church. First, there was no scrip ture of the New Testament when the Christian Church was first established. Secondly, Christ elected his apostles, to whom he gave full powers and authority. He was not, to use his own expressions, the foolish man to build on sand, but the wise man to build on a rock. He estab lished a perfect society : a teaching church and teaching with authority, and a church bound to hear that teaching: a church with an ordained ministry, and a church to be ministered to : a ruling church, with full power, and a church to be ruled. "Go ye into the whole world, and preach the gospel to eveiy creature. He that believetn and is baptised shall be saved : but he that believeth not shall be con demned.'' (Mark xvi., 16.) Teaching therefore by command was a divine com mission, with a corresponding obligation for those who had to hear, and under the sanction of salvation or condemnation, and not left free to private judgment. Then again the ministry " this do in com memoration of me " and " receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins ye shall forgive they are forgiven them; whose sins ye shall retain they are retained." Besides, the. plenitude of "power was conferred on St. Peter, under thesymbol of the keys, and confirmed by divine promise to the Peter bying throughout all ages : " Thou . ■art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall hot preyail against it: and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of: heaven. Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoever "thou, shalt loose on earth shall be loosed also m heayen.": -The apostles prove their -divine mission by' miracles, which proof was necessary ih the beginning of the -church. ThtyUppdihtaiid'ordainbishopB, instruct them, they insist on their authority. Compare - only the lessons -of -St. Paul - toTimothy and Titus; • ' - Where arc all these characteristics of the Church Wbilrfj^h^^^iA^flritOtherB ** thebreadth hPGh^&s; this definition. Under..No. 1 he .pays: " The church is. composed of those, who believe in Christ, and unite together for worship iuid mutual oveisight and help fulness." Now - this i is ^ altogether too vague, how could any one1 find in it a facsimile of the apostolical church, teach ing, administering, ruling, and 'all this too with unquestionable authority ? The rev. gentleman puts great stress on .the text: " Where two or three are gathered in my name there am I in the midst of them," just as if the germ of authority were mysteriously hidden here. How differently does this text sound from those above cited "go," V teach," etc. Another question is, are they gathered in Hisname I and if so, to what extent ? And can sects,, who give the direct lie to one another, be said, as such, to be gathered in Hisname 1 The reasoning therefore deduced from this assumption under No. 1 has no foundation. Further the history of Matthias, which the Rev. F. Hastings adduces in support of his theories, would leave him in-a very forlorn situation. First of all it is a particular case, and general conclusions cannot be forced out of it. It was the case of the election of an apostle. The election of the apostles was the immediate work of God himself, who gave them their extraordinary powers and gifts. Instance this - in the case of Paul, who was called two years after the Ascension of Our Lord, how he maintains in his epistles that he received his apostle ship not .from man, but from God. In the case of Matthias, it was the " Holy Ghost (who) spoke before by the mouth of David concerning Judas." Have we any text in Holy Scripture, authenticated by such a one, as St. Peter, to tell us that the Rev. F. Hastings or his like had to receive the divine mission or authority 1 The mandate of the Holy Ghost is fully expressed : "And his bishopric let another take." This is scripturaltext.. Wiry then, has the Rev. F. Hastings such a down on priests, when the Holy Ghost will have even bishops 1 Further, it was required to have one in place of Judas, "to take the place of this ministry and apostleship " (Acts of the Apostles)—the ministry was therefore established already, and not first to be established by the people. Then the sort of men required were notified by Peter, "and they ap pointed two." Mind well, they did not elect two. Only one of the two was to be admitted to the apostleship. " And lots were given," not votes, as the Rev. F. Hastings interprets it. The people did not vote at all in this case. "And the lot fell upon Matthias, and he was num bered with the eleven apostles." Besides Rev. F. Hastings forgets to tell us that Peter was at the head of the whole affair. At present neither Peter, nor his succes sors should have anything to do with the ministry of the Church of Christ! Well, there is no question now-a-days about the election of an apostle. That no mention is made of the imposition of hands, proves nothing. It was the initiation of an apostle ; nor can it be shown that it was the object of the history to record every detail. It must be accepted as certain, that nothing was omitted, which was necessary for the ministry and apostleship of Matthias, as the fact is guaranteed by Holy Writ. To be continued in our next.. 