THEATRE ROYAL.— THE DOUBLE EVENT. Aftor a long Intorval tho Theatre Royal ' whs reoponed on . Saturday night, nnd tho ocaasiou was markod by the attendance of a very large audience, tho lower portions of tho house being packed to their utmost limits. Tho play chosen for the commencement of tho new drninatlo season was a sporting drama prepared for the stage by Mr. George Darrcll, and founded upon inoidBnt's in Mr. Nat Gould's novel, 'The Double Event. A piny whioh deals directly with Mel bourne's great annual oarnival, and which pur ports to lot the audienoe into the mysterios of "ilootoring" and "stiffening " a horso, and all those other little peculiarities whioh aro popu larly supposed to form the main features of tlio bookmakers' subtle craft, must appeal with some farce to tho race loving public of Viotoria ; and in the prosent work Mr. Darrell has suc ceeded in giving full effoot to these incidents, while tho interest is well sustained throughout the four acts. Tho piece is admirably mounted, and tho circumstance that all tho scenes aro representative of local and fami liar objects enhanoes tho effect of tho painter's art. Tho racecourso at Flemington on Cup day is reproduced with remarkablo fidelity, tho introduction of real horses nnd jockeys lending an air of nnimntion and bustling activity to tbo soene. Away in tho background is seen the silver streak of tho Saltwater River; and by an ingenious inoohanioul devico a view of the horses in miniaturo is given as thoy sweep along the further siilo of the course. -Another scenic effect upon whioh Mr. Brunton nud his assistants aro to bo congratulated is a view of Government Houso and grounds by moonlight, with n glimpse of tho city anil the post office tower and clook tu the distance, looking from Toorak. The leading linos of tho plot aro of a character unfortunately too familiar to many patrons of tho turf. Evorytbing —love, honor, sooial position — is mado to hingo upon tho winner of the Derby and tho Gup, and tho oharaotcrs naturally divido themselves into two rival seotions— those who wish a certain horse to win and thoso who don't, and it is the scheming and counter scheming of these individuals that constitute the interest of tho, play. Mr. Richard Merston (Mr. Gaorgo Darrell) is a man who has boen reduced in fortune by a series of unsuccessful "plunges," and as a laBt desporate effort to retrlevo his posi tion ho buys Caloola, the favorite for the Derby and tho Cup.- Ho stakes his ail upon the issue,, including his intended marriago with Miss Kingdon (Miss Ida Herberte), the daughter of Will Kingdon (Mr. Edwin Kelly), a wealthy bookmaker. Tho aroh villain of tho piooe, who conspires at every turn to wrook Marston's' hopes by preventing Oaloola from winning, is Tiger Fletcher (Mr. Olios. Brown), who Is asBistod in his nefarious designs by Solly Yates (Mr. G. P. Cnrey), a Jewish bookmaker of tho "splolor" fraternity, and Tommy Nolos (Mr. A. G. I'oultou). Fletcher has been noting as trainer for Marston, who. has dismissed hiin on suspicion of not acting "straight," and this furnishes tho motive for Fletcher's desiro for revenge. A3 an ailjunot to his turf operations, Hotelier also keeps an hotel, or, moro properly, a .gambling don, for whioh establishment Daisy (Miss Edith Blande) acts us decoy, fslio is reputed to ho the wife of Fletcher, but in spite of this she is wooed successfully by Lord Mayfleld (Mr. Robert Inman), a weak creature such as usually repre sents the British nobility on tho st#gc. Not withstanding Daisy's shady associations anil doubtful antecedents, the poor marries her anil the two live in groat state at Toorak. Fletoher having at all hnzarils determined that Caloola shall not win the double devises scheme nftor scheme to compass his object, and it is in the elaboration of these that the publia obtain an insight into what they suppose to bo the ous- tomary tactics of tho ring on tho eve of tho great race. As Daisy is known to possess a strong intlucnco over Pusher Wells (Mr. J. Atholwood), tho ridor of Caloola, Flotohor attempts to compol Daisy by threats of exposuro to " nobble " tho jockey, but Dnisy, whoso moral tone hns much improved since her alliance with tho nobility, scornfully defies her former associate, who thereupon tnkos counsel with his intlmntc but faint hearted allies, Solly \ntes and Nolcs. Tho result of the conference it that Fletcher rcBolvcs to doctor tho horso, to 0 fleet which purpose I10 envelopes himself in a shoot and in tbo character of a ghost obtains acoess to tho hurse box. "Why suoh a cou- spicuons costume as that commonly believed to be tho ordinary attire of tho departed should be aoleoted for a mission in whioh escape from observation is tho ono essential tlio author docs not disclose, but porhaps he took his cue from Scott, who, os Byron says, introduced into his poems — Goblins who jumped— tho Lord knows how high ! To frighten foolish children— the Lord knows why. Being apprehensive ns to tho safoty of Ids horse, Marston employs a detective, Chris. Smirk (Mr. A. E. .Greenaway), who scorns to bo modelled on the policeman in tho harlequinade, who in variably appears on tbo scene when there is no further need for his services. Flotchcr, howovcr, in spito of all precautions, succeeds in in jqoting poison iiito tlio horso's hoof, and to make assur ance doubly. sure, lie nlso poisons tlio Stablo boy. On leaving tho stablo he is observed by Miss Kingdon, who raises tho alarm, but too late to effect his enpture. Caloola is patched up. and Fletoher is onco more foiled.. As a last and desperato resort ho resolves upon arresting tho jockey Wells immediately before tho race on a fiotitious chargo, and on tho attempt being made Wells faints, and is thiis rendered hors de combat. It is hurriedly arranged by Marston that the mount shall be given to tho remaining Btahlo boy, who, after an exciting race, during the progross of which' the excitement of tho audi ence is roused to real Cup fervor, brings Caloola in a winner. . This satisfactorily disposes of the financial c'mbarrtzisments of Marston, who is' thus loft frco to wed his affianced Edith, and tho only thing left for the inexorable justico of the stngo to accomplish is the punishment ot the wicked Fletoher. As the stablo boy to whom he administered the poison has died a warrant is issued against him for njurder, and his arrest is effected in a ball room at Toorak. There are two or three subordinate charaotors who arc hot essential to the action of the drama, but who nevertholess, by their humorous dialogue and bright. lively repartee, .serve iu maintain -tiio interest of the audience nnd prevent the piece from dropping into todioiisnoss in any part. Thus much qf the undoubted success of tho first performance was due to tho vivacity and spright- liness of Miss Jennie Loo, who mado quito a featuro of. the otherwise unimportant part of Nelly White, a waiting maid. She was well supported by Messrs. Carey, the gambler, and Poulton, her lovor ; and a good deal of oxcellcnt fooling took place botweon tho trio. Mr. Darrell represented Marston, tho principal character, with consider able dramatic skill and judgment, and Miss Edith Blnndo was charming in her impersona tion of Daisy, the English peeress and quondam gambling den deooy. As tho spicier, Mr. Caroy was at his bast, and the lugubrious manner in which he dwolt upon his misfortunes, coupled with his cvor present apprehension of what " Rebecca and the kids would say," was keenly rolished by tho houso. Mr. Brown rather out-Hcrodcd Herod in his capacity of villain, and a few.Iigbtor touches by way of relief might well be emboiliod in his conception of the part. Tho other characters were fairly represented, but they do not call for special mention. As a wholo tho play contains many of tho sensational olemcnts dear to Melbourne theatre goorB, tho interest rcmnins unabated to the end, the situa tions are strong and effectively worked out, and tho wholo is mounted in the best artistic tasto and with the closest attention to dotails. The first performance -was an unqualified success, nnd most of the aotors were aalled before the ourtnin at tho conclusion of oach act. It will bo ropeatcd to-night and till further notice. 