FUGITIVE NOTES. The news from South Australia is of a singular pattern, with a selvedge of drollery. Between the fish and the mammal there are many links, Some missing and some not. At Port Adelaide last week a cadet of the missing ones came to the surface, partly to blow and partly because it had incautiously appropriated a prawn attached to the end of a line. At the other end there happened to be a fisherman. The latter, with the natural obstinacy of his class, pulled his extremity of the cord when assured that the opposite termination was in safe keeping. In a word, he got a bite, and brought to the surface the strangest specimen of animated nature that ever appeared even in Australia, which is saying a good deal. The Adelaide papers state that "the head has an almost human appearance" TMB is satisfactory. At all events it goes far to show that the old naturalists were not so much mistaken when they asserted that every land animal had its prototype in the water. It was long surmised, too, that as Australia had distinguished herself by producing mammals differing from all others, so she would ultimately produce a fish that could hold its own in the grotesques company. The creature is a little over 2ft. long, Tin. being taken up with logs, between which is a tail described as both useful and ornamental a rare combination. In addition to these members, the thing has eyebrows and a " fringe." Thus fashion reigns even at the bottom of the sea. Crinolines had not come in, or it certainly would have had one. In fact, but for biting at the first offer it would probable be in hoops by this' The boarders at one of the large Sydney hotels are in future to have music for dinner. This is in addition to the ordinary menu. Like the dinner of herbs which is better than a stalled ox when love goes with the former and hate with the other, so a mutton chop with an air from Mozart to help it down, is preferable to a brace of partridges in silence. At least some people think so. They are those who begin with oysters and wind up with wine and walnuts, having flirted with eight or ten courses between. From one to three hours daily is taken up with this gastronomic coquetry. No wonder music is a help-a rapid passage for an olive and an andante for an omelette. As an aid to digestion there are movements in Gilbert and Sullivan with all the condiments of the mine. Then look at Mozart. Why, there are airs in the "Barber of Seville" that prevent any discomfort from a knuckle of 'ham with an oyster salad on top. The old Romans were very fond of long meals, with music at intervals. And judging by what has come down to us of their melodies and their instruments, it is little wonder that the mortality among both flautist and. easter was so great. Various instruments have from time to time been credited with special powers, either in arousing an appetite or in assisting degradation. The violin has been known to considerably facilitate the struggle with a drumstick. So has the piccolo, especially when provided with a shake key for the 0 But it is only for small side dishes and centres that these treble instruments are really adapted. When it comes to the heavy joints the slide trombone still holds its own, with no likelihood of being displaced during the present century. It is a veritable idyll to observe a suburban alderman, or the vice-president, at an agricultural society's dinner, enfilade a beef bone, when the player runs down an octavo by semi- tones and dwells on the lower note. Seriously, with or without music our dinners are entirely too long. It is impossible for a busy man to ungrudgingly give up two hours daily to one meal. At the outside, an hour should be ample for all purposes of either health or pleasure. . . . . . That the distinguished soldier lately appointed to command the New South Wales forces should be only an infantry officer after all appears to be regretted in some quarters. Why is not very clear. The artillery driver must halt his team | If the bank be high or the stream be deep ; But the volliguer can swim the stream, Or climb the bank be it ever so steep. It was infantry that decided most great battles of the past to infantry probably, belong all the great battles of the future. With rifles hat pick off a man at a mile and a half, cavalry and artillery will require to be extremely careful how they form and manoeuvre It may no doubt be said that, considering the position of New South Wales and the naval supremacy of England, a landing in force for the purpose of conquest or permanent occupation need not be anticipated. It is a dash for "look" that has to be guarded against. In this artillery would necessarily take the leading part. Thoi.fore-other things being equal a professional artillerist would be the preferable commandant. There's something in this view. But undue importance may be assigned to it. Although the Supreme officer may not be a trained gunner, the same cannot be said of his subordinates. Some of them have distinguished themselves in the best schools. Napoleon, though an artillery officer and riding like a tailor hide Macaulay), find no difficulty in performing doughty things which both cavalry and infantry branches to which, so to say, he was not bred. Wellington, an infantry officer, handled the other branches with ease and success. Both these captains were well served by experts. Again, is it so sure after all that a raid is the worst that may be looked for Suppose" the permanent or temporary loss of sea supremacy sup- pose, in fact, one of half a dozen things that might take place in the Channel, in the Mediterranean, or on the great north-western thoroughfares to India-would the victors be content with more Australian razzle then ? In brief, when looked at all round, it is a matter rather for congratulation than regret that the coming commandant is a " mere infantry " officer, always promising that under him are competent heads of the other branches. . * - . The Aborigines' Protection Society of Victoria finds itself face to face with a serious problem. A short time ago 20 Queensland blacks were induced to form a travelling company, go south, and give an exhibition of wild life in the far north. In theatrical jargon, the " ghost" refused to walk almost from the start. The chief question at present uppermost among colonists is not how to support autochthones, but how to support themselves. Again-to full back once more on the expressive eyes of the stage-the display was a " front " from the beginning. It consisted of spear-throwing, boomerang-hurling, dancing, stalking', painting on the nude, tracking, court- ing, and various other illustrations of native life. In spite of all they had to show these talented people failed to draw. The few whites who did attend expressed their surprise, not that the newcomers failed to make a living in Victoria, but that they managed to make a living anywhere The boomerang throwing, for instance, showed that the company-so Melbourne journals say had but an elementary acquaintance with the peculiarities of that erratic weapon. This, after all, is scarcely a matter for wonder. The boomerang is a sort of terrestrial comet. Once it starts no man born of woman can confidently say how it will go, where it will go, or what it will hit. The more expert the thrower, the more exasperatingly eccentric is the flight. One characteristic it has, to be sure, that obtrudes itself at each demonstration with the certainty of an eclipse. When thrown in anger it gyrates aimlessly in the welkin until it flutters harmlessly to the horse's feet. Either this or it rapidly goes out of sight, leaving its course a mere matter for carping disputation. But when thrown in fun, as before a mixed audience of Caucasian sightseers, the true malignity of its character becomes quickly apparent. I've known it on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to sail round the one side of an immense ellipse of spectators till it came to the most inoffensive looking person in the periphery. The manner in which it would assault him in presence of his wife and family as well as of the authorities was little short of brutal. The Dear throwing, too, of the Queensland troupe has been adversely commented on. Indeed, some reporters do not hesitate to say that, until they witnessed . it, they always imagined a shower of Australian spears to be dangerous. As for the painting, or rather the body-daubing, it is enough to say that the best artist among them could scarcely draw a crooked pipe-clay line, let alone a straight one. And now the whole 26 have applied to the Aborigines' Protection Society for relief. It is almost a pity that they should ever have been permitted to travel. In their distant homes they were at least always sure of sustenance go long as snakes and alligators hold out. There is no room in our pushing modern civilisation for poor savages who cannot even throw a crooked stick with an approximation to accuracy. 