MY , ONLY L0FER. ' 5 AM an old' maid. ; wore Than that I am decidedly plain. I tell you till frankly, at the' beginning, so that ff you are expecting a succession of adventures all aboub the loves and sorrows of one of the fairest flowers on earth, you ban make up your mind to ho disappolutdd. ' Well, as I have soldi I am exceedingly ordinary, not downright ugly— would that I were ! for then there would be something remarkable about me — bub just one of those commonplace flesh-and- blood mortals who fill up the niches. This fleshly tabernacle seemB in my case to he rather a wall of separation than a conneoting link between myself and humanity. I have alwayB lived iu a very retired mamier, and have been acouhtouied, for want of society, to solace raysolf with books and castle- building. When 1 was just verging on young lady hood,'! confess to have read suoh a quantity of novels aa to passionately desire beauty and a heroic lover. But tho comeliness which I fondly dreamod " sweet sixteen " would bring came not. 1 did nob grow fairer ; my hair did not gradually become soft and wavy ; my eyes were no more of an azure than ever, only there was more of me. Therefore, Instead of the moonlight walk#, the balls, the attentive admirera of my maidenly., dreams, I, plain Kitty Bell, remained quietly at home, all tho long even ings, just because nobody ever asked me to do oiberwiso. And so, becoming painfully consoious of the foot tliut I was neither pretty enough for a " witching little fairy," nor yet ugly enough for a "genius," I just gave up all the romantio notions I had ever indulged, and resolved, without one agonis ing death struggle, calmly, firmly resolved to submit to a life of single- blessedness. Thus situated, I betook myself more than ever to reading. My uncle's scanty library was soon exhausted, so I made depredations on neighbouring ones, devouring everything whioh camo in my way, from Jaolc the Qiant-Killor to Walter Scott and from the Catechism to Voltaire. I hud just become nicely settled in this groove with a feeling of great contentment as to my lot, and had given up all idea of ever having a lover and Going like othor girls, when there eame— but I am anticipating. One day, when 1 was sitting with ray aunt in the back parlour, hamming some pillow oases, and not dreaming that any thing remarkable was going to happen, an invitation oame for me to attend a gorman at Mrs. Browne's. Now Mrs. Browne was a very fashionable lady who, though usually conforming to the round of society conven tionalities, lot fly occasionally some strange sparks of eleotrloity. It so happened that sue bad an extensive library, to which she had allowed me free access. Perceiving my fondness for books, and perhaps something of my habitual reserve, she conceived the idea that I, Kitty Belli was literary. And 00 abe, being quite a naturalist in her way, and of course wanting to colleot all sorts of uurious animals far her menagerie of Wed nesday evening, invited me. Now I had never attended a german, excepting in imagination with the, lovely heroines of newspaper etorios, and was astonished at the idea that suoh a thing wae possible. 'Tie true I had attended a few parties, and watched from the corner the-- progress of ooquetry- between the gay Lotharios and their fair ones ; but this was quite another thing. However, I really wautod to go ; and sTnae Mrs. Browne had shown me bo muoh kindness, and even sent her cousin to eay he " would be happy to attend me," I decided to do so. Of courts I bad to examine my plain wardrobe, and plan, considerably, with my good aunt's help, to make a decent appearance ; and I scarcoly knew myself when I was onveloped in all the pretty things suitable for the ocoaslon. ' When I finally found myself in the spac ious parlours of Mrs. Browne, and heard the hum of joyous voices, the lively ehat, and remembered that I was really old Kitty Bell, with no pretty ways and admiring friends like other girls, I admit feeling a pang, all my philosophy to the oontrary, notwithstanding. But I soon booamo edified and amused in watching the course of divers little flirtations. Yonder was a tall, dark-eyed, fine-looking young man, who, I soon perceived, waa quite a lion among the fair onee. He was decid edly the centre-piece of the picture— the reigning beau of the season. As for the belles, there were two or three struggling for oeoendenoy, and whether one or tho other triumphed was ascertained by the attentions of the superb Mr. Sunderland. I amused myself In watching the course of things till my eyes fairly aohed, when I betook myself to some volumoa w hioh graced A plus Mwiu tu untvi, uivai.ii ill tuy natural element. I turned over a few leaves, read half a dozen verses of Moore's, and raised my head to encounter Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly upon mo I Thank fortune, 1 always had etrang nerves, so I did nab faint, but kept on the oven tenor of my way. .1 beheld the gentleman seek out Mrs. Browne. That lady in turn glanced at me. and in another momenta the two hail advanced towards the earnov whore I sat, 'and Mr. Sunderland was introduced to Mlee Bell. Had the earth opened and swallowed us np, I oould not have been more aetoandsd. Howover, I had little time for oonjecture, as the gentleman seorood desirous of entering into immediate conversation. " A fine evening for a gathering. Mrs. Browno was a very interesting lady, a suporb woman ! I was an old acquaintance of hers, was X net? Was I fond of the german " "I was not in tho babita of attending germane," I told him. " Ah ! he suspected I waa fond of intel lectual pursuits. He honoured ray oholce. He did not himself find satisfaction in these light, frivolous arausomento. Ho was most happy to find sympathy in tho higher grade of entovment." i For the firet timo in my life I felt the inconvenience of nob having been Initiated into the mysteries of small talk. But, oinoo regrets were of no avail, I was obliged to fall back upon plain common sonno, and reply in a straightforward manner to the best of my abilities. 'Tie true I was not a little sur prised at tho literary turn this brilliant jady-klller had suddenly taken ; but, after 'all, man" queer things happen in thin world, ;8trangoly enough, Mr. Sunderland per sisted in remaining by my olde during the rest of the evening, an much to tho astonish ment of the fair rivulsaa my own, and not a iittlo to thoir chagrin. Tliero was ooiue .tittering, too, I observed, nnd eupprewd whisperings of "Who is abo?" " What a rubor looking body!" It wan quite ovident 'the proud boautlca were exceedingly vexed. Perhaps this was just what he intended j if bo, I'd help him to carry out tho jest ; and laughed and chatted with great animation. Wlmtovor might havo been tho oauco of the phonomonon, it was evident, on tho entertainment drew to a close, that Mr, Sunderland meant to continue his extra ordinary coureo, for ho begged to bo allowed to ceo mo often at my home. And so, when I bad at lwat established mysolf in snug quartern for the night, ib waa only to puzslo my brain witli vuguo conjeoturca uo to wiiethor tho conduct of my apparent mlmiror v/nn duo to norao ouddon plquo of hin own, to 0 diuguub of tho vanities of the world, or to my own (possible) ohnrmo. After thnb momornblo evening matters progretssd at an astonishing rate. I attended oporas, concerts, rcadingo, lecture?, nnd what not, with Mr. Sunderland In can- utant attendance. A now world v/aa opened beforo mo. I caw with my own oyoo, ncard with my own care, what before I had only read and imagined. I listened to noble truths, coul- sMrring eontlmenta from tho lips 01 real human beings like myself, I sat in tho brilliantly-lighted leaturo room amid a pleasant ham of nappy voices, and watched WtlftiTPUgg of friwdslaughiug rojohatting ' 1 4 together, with a strange feoltng of mingled pleasure and pain. Amid all this, had my escort been a noble, whole-souled man, I don't know , what accident might have befallen tho organ that beats bohitidmy blue merino bodice. But fortunately he was just a cipher, sol kept my equilibrium. The devotion of my admirer and the' mystery of thn wholo affair continued to ' increase. The now decidedly literary and profound Mr. Sunderland nearly every evening honoured our little baok parlour with his presence. He . admired my simple mode of life. My plain merino dress was more beautiful than all the gaudy trappings of the gay butterflies of fushlon. And, at length the affair rcaohed ito onlminuting point, and tbd glorious Mr. Sunderland, in the most approved manner, knelt ab my feet and totd me that his happiness or misery depended upon a word from my lips. I insisted on his taking a more rational view of the matter, and finally sent him away in u most melancholy frntne of mind. This,, howover, was not the end. Tho fortress of my heart was immediately besieged with numerous passionate letters; All my philosophy was put to rout. The man seemed to bo in earnest— really, desperately in earnest. Hsro was ft very shallow speci men of humanity — and I could not fathom him. 1 But at last a change camo o'er the spirit of the dream. The missives ceased. Mr. Sunderland came not — sent no meRsage. I met him on the street and be knew me not. Would there ever be an end of mysteries 1 The transition was quite like a calm suc ceeding a storm : but the spoils of the chase were initio, and I quietly settled down again as of old. Still I wondered, and might have wondered to the present day had nob a circumstanco occurred by which the whole mystery was unravelled. One day Frank Browne callid to settle Rome business transactions with my uncle. It so happened that the old gentVsman was out, ana consequently Frank condescended to amuBe himself with me. He inquired how I enjoyed tho German, and finally, with a mischievous look, how I liked Mr. Sunder' land. I suspected something from his manner, and begged him to solve the strange riddle, whereupon lie burst into a fit of laughter which he eeomod to enjoy oxoeed- ingly, When ho had recovered sufficiently to be able to speak, he said : — " Miss Bell, I could desorlbe a little scone of the evening whioh you might interpret for yourself." Of course I insisted upon hearing it. "Well, then, Mr. Sunderland and Ed. Ryder were standing a momenta together ; you were looking over a book, and another young lady, at the opposite aide of the table, was toying with hor fan. Ed. whispered, looking at the latter fair one, ' Sunderland, she would bo a fine bird to catch — that girl over there at the table— an only child, end her father is worth two million dollars, they ray.' They separated, and I saw Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly on — yourself. Ie that satisfactory ?" " Ib ought to have been ; and, of course, I laughed heartily, and declared it to be the richest joke of the season. Still, I felt just a little nettled. However, I counted up tho cost, and found I had gained much experi ence, beside tha fun. So I have relaffted again into an old moid, feeling doubly con tent with my lob now that 1 have bad a over. DISENCHANTED. /flNF all things, a night journey is the most Vus tedious," said Clarence Hatfield as ho let himself fall heavily Into tlie stiff and uncomfortable seat of the' railway carriage. " I say, Clifton, do you think we might smoke?" " Well, I rather imagine not," said I. "There appear to bo ladles on board." Hatfield shrugged his shoulders. " Suoh ladies." " Well," laughed I, " they don't appear to bo particularly stylish in manner or costume, but nevertheless, my dear fellow, the divin ity of their sex hedges them around like a wall." "Divinity of their humbug I" shortly interrupted Hatfield. "As if these ill- dressed dowdies, with babies and bandboxes, oould possibly belong to tba same world with Beatrioe Hale." To this I made no answer. Ib did nob seem to me exaotly appropriate to lug the eaored name of Beatrice Hale Into a dis cussion in a place like this. Yet what oould I do, except to feel my cheeks flush and the roots of my balr tingle? For. I was unmis takably in love with Bee Hale, and so was Clarence Hatfield. Which of us did she like beab ? Ah, that waa tho question. It was something like the children's old game of eee<saw, " Up I go. down yon come. " Sometimes I fanoied I had a ghost of a ohanoe— sometimes I was con vinced that Hatfield wae altogether the pre ferred, and that I had hotter emigrate to Australia at once. Clarence Hatfield and I, be it understood, wore employees in the extensive business of Messrs. Jenkins, Jumper ton, and Co., auctioneers, and bad been down to tbe country "putting up" a sale of lots, out into streets and squares, according to the most approved metropolitan methods of doing suoh things, It had been a dismal business. November is not an inspiring month at tba best, and a three days' fog had conspired against the sucssss sf " Mount Morra Park," aa Jenkins, Jumper ten, and Co. had christened the new speculation. Yet we bad dono reasonably well. As the train gave its starting lunge the door flew open, and in came a tell old lady with a prodigious black bonnet and a fur cloak, surrounded by a perfect ohevaux-de- friso of squirrel cages, leather bags, broivn- pupor parcels, nnd sandwich boxes. Bho wan followed closoly by a ycungsr lady, dressed in blnok and closely vailed, unci paused hesitatingly in front of our seat. " Young man," said she, In a low voice, as gruff as that of a man, "Is this seat engaged ?" " Yes." said Hatfield ; "ibis." " For your feet ?" "No matter what for," sopoiciU.uny replied the head clerk of Jenkins, Jumper- ton, and Co. " Please to pass on, old lady. You'll find seats enough beyond. But this was a stretching of the truth. Tiiere were no seats beyond, as the old lady could easily percoive, unless ehe chose to sit directly opposite a red-hot coal fire or upon one of thono corner arrangements closa to the door, whioh was equivalent to no seat at all The old lady hesitated and changed her heavy carpet bag from one wearied arm to tho other. I thought of my own good Aunt Folly at homo, ana rose at once. "FraytaUo this seat, ma'am,", said I. "And lob me put your parcel up In the rack for you." " Clifton, what a fool you are 1" exclaimed Ilutfiold, in nn imperative sotto voice. " Why couldn't you havo sat still and minded your own businoss?" " It in my own business," I answered brusquely, " to seo tlmt overy lady is made go comfortoblon8 it is in the nature of thing to bo. Now tho squirrel capo, ma'am — It 11 go very comfortably under tlio seat I think." Hatfield uttered a contfimr.tuous grunt, but ho liover offered to trust his feet off the opposite cushions, although tho young woman stood in tho affile, uncomfortably swuylng bank ward and forward with the motion of tho train, until a woman beyond, obsorvlng tho state of affairs, drew a Bleep ing child Into hor lap and beokoned the other to tnko tho place thus vacated. By this time my old lady had established herself to her entire sathifaotion, and epousd her sandryleh bo£j,,-\ ". " Much obliged te you, young man," .said : . . she. " It's easy to see tliat you'v'e a mother of your own at home, 'and that you are in tho- , habit of doing revereboe to hor grey hairs. Aa for this person," with a hod. of her poke bonnet in the direction of Mr. Hatfield, "if / he's got u mother, I can't say much' for her /. , bringing of him up. Perhaps he may be ' old uiinsolf ono day, and stand in need of 'a . . little politeness and consideration from tlio young." " When I'm anxious for your good opinion,;; ma'am, I'll let you know,"' returned; ' Mr.': -I1" Hatfield. \ " Hatfield," said I, in a low tone, "you, might behave like a gentleman." . "So I will," be rotorted, with ashrag,' : J. .. ..on I find mysolf in company thab calls for sucli measures." I said no more, but leaning up against tho side of the door, prepared to make myself u comfortable as possible until the brain should stop at Stamford, its first way station, and . some descending passenger might make room fox-me. Reader, did you ever stand in an exprest train iu full motion? Did you ever feel your- . self swayed backward and forward, bumping one of your , phrenological developments against one side of the car, and bringing the base of your Bpinal column against tbe tap of a seat at the opposite swerve of the train ? . Did you ever grasp blindly at nothing' for ? support? Did you ever execute an involuu- . tary pas seul, by way of keeping your balance, and then grind your teeth to seo the two pretty young ladies beyond, luugbing at ; your antics? If so, you will know how to ' pity me during the liour and a half between B. and Stamford. Hatfield went to sleep and snored ; the old _ lady in the gigantic bonnet ato sandwiches and drank from a wicker flask of cxoallenb smelling sherry ; the young lady sat as noise less as a black veiled statue ; fretful babies whimpered ; old gentlemen uttered strange sounds in their sleep ; and the shriek of tno train as it flew through sleeping villages sounded like the yeU of a fiery-tbroatod demon. " Stamford !" bawled the conductor. At last I succeeded in dropping my woary and stiffened limbs into a seat; whore slumber overtook me in just a minute and a quarter, for I had been asleep on my logs once or tivicfe even in my former disadvantageous attitude, and I could scarcely believe the evidence of my own senses when wo finally thundered into tho echoing vustness of ths Grand Central dep6t in Now York. Hatfield, alive to the necessity of catching a car bofore all the world of travellers should crowd into it, stumbled over the old lady's ankles with small ceremony. " Oh, tako caro'l You have knocked ths squirrel cage over !" cried she. " Confound the squirrel cage I" shouted Hatfield, gnashing his teeth as the ancient dame plAcod herself direotly in the aislo to set the furry pet up again, thereby com pletely blooking up his egress, " Serves you right, Hatfield," said I, as I stooped toasslet. J ust then the young companion of our lady advanced, flinging back her veil. " Grandma, said she, " the carriage is waiting. I'll send Thomas for the parcels- Mr. Clifton, I am very much obliged to you for your politeness to my grandmother, who is unused to travelling. As to Mr. Hatfield, the lees said about his courtesy' the better.'' And Beatrice Hale's black eyes flashed dis dainfully on Clarence's cowed visage. , " Miss Halo," he stammered, "ifFdtbs.j- least idea who you were" — / " You would havo regulated your conduet \ accordingly," impatiently interrupted Miss Hole. Thanke— I prefer to see people In 1 their true light. Mr. Clifton," turning graciously to me, " you call and see how grandma stands her journey to-morrow, won'byou ? Oh, thank you ! The carriage is close by." And to this day I believe that is the way il won my wife, for Clnrence Hatfield was W brilliant, showy sort of a fellow, who far out- ' shone me in general society, and.I think Bee was inclined rather to fanoy him until that night. But ehe woe disenchanted now for ' good and ath And Grandma Hale comes tar see ns every Christmas with a hamporef ; good things from Hole Farm. THE SINGLE MAN. He meats the smile of yonng and old, bewine ' the praise of all, Ha is feasted at the banquet and distin guished at tbe ball ; When town grows dull and sultry, he may fly to groen retreats— A welcome visitor in turn at twenty country eeats ; He need not seek society, for, do whate'erhe can, Invitations and attentions will pursue ths Single Man. Fathers and brothers anxiously attempt his teste to suit ; In every trout-brook he may fish, and every- Vvuoio unty ehuul i Political opponents to his principles con- code, He quaffs the flnoBt Burgundy, be rides the fleetest steed ; And never yet were families, since first the world began, United, bless'd, and fond aa those who conrt tho Single Man. The price of bread, tbe price of fnnda -on him no ills inflict ; He fears no winter avalanche of tradesmen's lengthy bills ; "Academies" and "collegos" hp passes calmly by ; Nor oasts on fancy dry-goods stores a;- Bad - and timid eye ; ' ' The rates of life insurance he never cares to scan, " Trustees" and "jointures" boaat no power to rack the Single Man. Bnb years steal on, and he begins with care ful folks to class, And ehuns the picnic scramble, and the dinner on the grass ; And dreads the cola spare chamber, and the crowded hall of mirth, And loves the spreading easy-chair, and ; blazing quiet hearth ; And votes warm rooms und early hours the - best and wisest plan ; Bub home affords few comforts to the ailing Single Man. He lacks a true and kindred heart hta i»jr and grief to share, He lacks the winning tenderness of woman' gentle car© : No children gather round bim, a holered and loving train, > Eager to win their father's smile, to soothe their father's pain — ' He rates his poor dependents as a mercenary clan ; Attachments come not ready-made to cheer ths Single Man- He stirs the fire, undraws' tho blind, and counts the dock's dull chime ; And frionds they sometimes sit with him fire minutes at a time j "Longer they really cannot stay, so 'nervous he is grown, It oeoins a charity to go, and leave htm all alone I" No earnest eyes to his are raised, hiachange- ful looks to scan. ' ' The bland pliyeieian'a queries must satisfy the Single Man. Phynioian to convalescent patient — " My ' bill, sir, for attendance during your Jato iltV' ness." Patient: 'fGreat Scotb, dootor,'" looking oyer the bill and. 'and turning white, "wasl.aa siok asall that ?" Time and fashion atay for no man, Jones (to Brown) i " Where oan yon be running to at that railroad pace?" Brown "Why, this -is a present for ray wife a bonnet, and I am trying to arrive at borne before tho foshlop onauges." " It's a blessed good thing," said Mawron, " as he gazed on the ocean, ".it's a bleseita ' good thing. the ocean's bottom ie solid.!' - v. . " Why f'.i . < ' . . .< v:: " Think of wh»t a geyser Miera'd M enibs other tide of tho wrtn if it leaked./ ; < . : <,v 