SUNDAY OPENING OF MUSEUMS The_ following important document haa been issued by the Lord's Day Obser vance Society :- — The reuort of the Joint CnmrniffAn vii;. tually asks the Upper House of Oonvoca- tion to replace the weighty ntterances of the Lambeth Conference of 1888 by a group of halting resolutions, insufficiently supported by the facts before the Com mittee. The Lambeth Conference agreed to the following resolutions 1\. That the principle of .the religious observance of one day in seven, embodied in the Fourth Commandment, is of Divine obligation. 2\. That from the time of Our Lord's resurrection the first day of the week was observed by Christians as a day of wor ship and rest, and, under the name of " The Lord's Day," gradually succeeded, as the great weekly festival of the Chris tian Church, to the sacred position of the Sabbath. 3\. That the . observance of the:Lordk Dayjas a day of rest, of worship, and 'of religions teaching, has been a priceless blessing in all Christian lands in which it has been maintained. 4\. That the growing laxity in its observance threatens a great change in its sacred and beneficent character. 5\. That especially the increasing prac tice, on the part of some of the wealthy and leisurely classes, of making Sunday a day of secular amusement; is most strongly to be deprecated. 6\. That the most careful- regard should he had to the danger of any encroachment upon the rest which, on this day, is-the right of servants as well as their masters, and of -the working classes as well as their employers. An overwhelming majority of the Pro- vincial Institutions in England indicate decreasing attendance at the museum; on Wednesday. Even the figures given in the Convocation Report admit that the Sunday attendance is, as a rule, far below the week-day attendance. This cannot he disposed of by pleading the shorter hours of Sunday opening, for the working- man, shop-assistant, and tradesman can make no use of the week-day opening during tbe greater, portion of the day. It may farther he noted that eighteen of the largest' thirty-three towns in the country refuse to open their municipal institutions on the Lord's Day ; recent cases of emphatic refusal being Sunder land and Nottingham, where the matter was settled by the working classes. Among - smaller places, Bridport and Thornaby-on-Tees have very lately fol- lowedl)he same coarse. Another significant omission of the Convocation Report is the absence of any reference' whatever to the eight towns of the population ; varying from 25,000 to 99,000, which,' having tried the experiment Sunday opening,- have since renounced' it. These are—Birkenhead, Chester, Coventry, Maidstone Oxford j Stoke-on- Trentj Worcester, and Workington. ' Thus,' of thirty-three Provincial centres available for purpose of comparison, seven ,alone,; including the Manchester Library (but not the' Art Gallery), show some degreeibf'incpeaset; tho'rest aire stationary, or decreasing,' or 'have altogether closed. The statement respecting "an increas- ing number of persons/' unsupported by any evidence in' the Report, finds thus abundant' contradiction from official re- turns collected from every known centre. IL.iIt i8,_ again, asserted that the persons 'taking., advantage- of Sunday opening; are those for whom Sunday is the; only day of leisure. 'J Oh this it may be.'.' observed! that-! it .conflicts with the argument suggested by the shorter hours of opening on Sunday. If God's claim r on .the i Sunday (be ignored, the hours of iopening! are. ml- hours of leisure; while dthis ib triie fonly of the evening hours of the week-day. Six hours on Sunday leave to the working man more opportunity tban twiqe the time on a week-day;' But the 'Statement is also in direct conflict with: the admissions of the Report itself. At Wolverhampton, ."young people and children.use it. the Art Gallery most" (p..I5); "Mostly young people" (p. 15). At Manchester, " boys " form a consider- able portion 'of the attendance (p. 18); it may safely be said!. that they would be better Christians and! better citizens if gathered into Sunday . Schools and. Bible Classes; At Darlington, children are drawn away from the afternoon service bo the - musical entertainments in the Park (p. il9) ; the higher and middle classes attend the Sunday Society lectures (p; : ' 19), -/the -'attendance at the 'Free Library is largest in the' evening (p. 19.) when the Church service usually suits the working-classes ; not in the afternoon, when leisure, except for Sun- day-school teachers, is most abundant. At Battersea, " a number of young girls " -(p..: 20) 'frequent the Libraryon Sundays. At Hammersmith, "on Sunday the visitors are ' composed entirely of the better class readers,' who attend regularly during the week" (p. 20). At Kensing- ton; the.: fifty-six are "almost entirely young boys and girls " (p. 23). To .these admissions of the report it may be added that, at Heywood, "chil- dren frequent the Library between Sunday-school and tea-time." At Liver- pool; Sir : W. B. Porwood has pointed to the- number of boys frequenting the Art Gallery ; and, of the Manchester Art Gallery, the Manchester Guardian says .(Jahi 9;) 1893) Another noteworthy fact! is that, speaking generally, this year's visitors have not been, even to the same extent as in previous years, of the class for whose benefit the free openings were more particularly intended. In other words, they seemed to be forthe most part people who could have visited the Gallery ; on- days other than Sunday, and who could have afforded to pay for admission.": Tke- argument based on " the only day of leisure " theory forgets Bank Holidays, weekly halt-holidays, and shortened hours ' of labour, and apparently overlooks or eliminates the Divine claim on the day, which is pressed in the preceding Reso- lution . III. It is further asserted that those who.-frequent museums, &c.;, on Sunday find the " reasonable use " of these institutions "'to be wholesome and profit- able." Of this assertion not a tittle of direct proof is found: in the body- of the Report. It is pure assumption in 'support of a foregone conclusion. One outside obser- -veif thinks the 'effect inappreciable" (p. "15)1 ;. another : in - the> . same town, not : wholly unsympathetic, thinks the arrange- ;ment adopted: to those -who are " of the world, worldly" (p. 16). The Bishop of Coventry does not think- that Sunday opening has "exercised an injurious influence upon the reasonable and reli- gious observance of the Lord's Day," because large numbers of working men prefer Bible classes, &c.;, held in the same neighbourhood; while he hesitates to say that the opening of these places has prompted the reasonable and religious observance of the Lord's Day.' The quiet and orderly" conduct noted at Birmingham, Sheffield, and elsewhere, is no guarantee whatever of reasonable, wholesome, profitable, still less of reli gious, observance, of the diay. It is perfectly compatible with utter disregard of the religious character of the day, and its claim to be " kept holy.'.' The Vicar of Walsall attributes to the 'Sunday - opening of the Parks and Free \- Libraries a wholesome effect " .(p; 17) ; but he does not say in- what manner this is produced or evidenced. As Sunday opening does not "keep any away from public worship who would be likely to attend," 'it is not impossible that it does not keep any away from public-houses ' -who would be likely-to attend them. The Vicar of Halifax, while noting the obvious fact (which; cannot be classed as reason- able, wholesome or religious) that " the hold of the Sunday .upon the 'sentiment of the people in that part of Yorkshire is growing weaker " (p. 18, " can trace no effect, on one side or the other; on the general morals or upon the religious ob servance of Sunday by those who observe it " (p. 18). It may be doubted whether the abnormal' influx of "boys." at the Manchester Libraries (p. 18) : indicates any thing, very "wholesome and profitable" The presence of many inore ihen : and women in the Darlington reading rofams during the hours of Sunday evening service (p. 19) than during the afternoon cannot be " wholesome " or " profitable " from 'Convocation's point of view; nor the " number of young girls" who frequent the Battersea Libraries on Sun days (p. 20). The Vicar of Hammersmith can : " trace no beneficial or injurious results from the Sunday opening" (p. 20), The Sunday Evening Concerts at the Westminster Town Hall (p. 22)can-hardly .claim to be a reasonable and wholesome use of Sunday evening in any sense which Christian bishops are likely to! adniit. The presence of fifty-six people, " almost entirely young boys and girls," at the Kensington Library (p. 28), suggests nothing that is wholesome, profitable, or religious, but the reverse ; and a similar reflection is natural on learning :from' the Vicar of Kensington: that the Albert Hall Concerts have, ' proved a great attraction to the elder scholars of his Sunday-school" and led to a great increase in Underground Railway and omnibus traffic (p; 28). Thus, while there is an entire absence of evidence that the use of Museums, &c.;, on Sunday, is- wholesome and profitable, there are abundant indications in the Report itself that such Sunday opening is as unwholesome- and unprofitable as it irreligious!' Lastly, it may be permitted to compare the foregoing, considerations with the Lambeth Conference Resolutions of 1888 (p. Id), and to ask whether the " cause of true religion," in the matter of Sunday Observance; as defined by the Lambeth Assembly, would iiot be gravely prejudiced by the adoption of the Besolutions- now suggested to the Upper House of- the Canterbury Convocation; A copy of; the: above document was sent to -the Archdeacon of Taunton, who has written the following letter on the subject: — East Brent, Bridgwater, June 17; To the Secretary of the Lord's Day Observance Society, 20, Bedford-street, Strand,' W.C. : ! Dear Sir, — I have carefully considered the paper received from yod yesterday upon- port of Joint Committee of Con vocation of Canterbury on the Sunday opening of Museums. I entirely concur in the reasonings and ! conclusions of the Lord's Day Observance Society- upon the Beport; and earnestly trust that the Beport -may not find acceptance with 'the Upper House. : Let me say further, Besolution II. set forth the foremost privilege (omitting duty) is: the privilege and responsibility of worship ; and that - this must be safe guarded at whatever cost; It does not say how. But it is plain: enough thatdt can only be Safe-guarded for themselves andi others .by those who allow- (que deny) themselves.the " Sunday opening." : Resolution - III. proceeds to ground upon what "is found by an increasiug nutnber of persons to be wholesbme and -profitable " is thereasonable use of libra ries, pibture galleries and museums, and assures that the "Sunday opening" is therefore to be recognized by the Church, proirided that such opening " be carefully guarded against unfairness or misuse." I submit that all this is very vague ; and that it leaves out what has, after all said or done, tb be the thing to be said and done! I mean the thing following— that no occupation can be to the Christian man or woman " wholesome or profitable."; on the Lord's Day which is not first: of all safe-guarded by his- or- her care for the privilege and duty of worship, so far as it is in their power to give it ; and that no plea is admissible on the other side save the being called to a work of mercy, on the lying under such incapacity of body as would forbid resort alike to " Church " or to the " Sunday opening." — Very faithfully, -vours, George Anthony Denison. Not Satisfied.— The Irish National ists are almost daily in receipt of letters frotn infinential oonstitnents complaining that a more determined attitude has not bsen taken against the Government oonoessions to the Uoionists on amendments to the Home Bale Bill Mr; Sexton's opposUion on Friday last expressed this discontent, while there is. an undnimons feeling amongr the . ParnelHte members that if any farther oonoessions are made it will be their .doty to retire from the Hbnse. Both seotiona of the Irish party ' (says tbe Oentral News) view with some apprehension the constraotion. of the fidan- oial proposals, which from what has transpired will prove more - unaatisfaotory than the cbeme which had to be partially abandoned. In that oase the M'Oarthyite members do not oonceaV their opinion that it will be their dnty to reconsider their position towards the Gov ernment. /A Cat "Wltll WlllKS — A representa tive ot the "Torkihire Bvening Host" has been to the honse-of a navvy at Armiey to see a " cat with wings." Growing ont of his loins or Inmbar regions (the Post gives a piotnre of the animal) are long mnsonlar flesh B;ripB tapering to a point jnst like, wings, and well covered with far. There is appar ently a perfept cartiiaginons jdnotion with the body, and the flappers can be moved- up - and' down wi:hodt pain tO; poor Tom. The oat is about 16 inohea, high, 30 inches long, . and 16 inohea aoross the. " wings." He has two, smaller flappers near the large ones:; In fact,, he seems to spront ail over with wings. Football and its costs.—The Archbishop of Oanterbnry recently at the additional Onrate Aid Society made reterenoe to the faot 'that it was compat'ed- that a million-of money- was spent iyearly-on one -pastime alone-footbail, mostly oollected in very -small., snpas by the seoreUries and treasurers of the olnbs, .and his Graoa, re marked that it was this clnb work which was wanted for the Obnrch. The comparison thns institnted batween the interest shown in sports, legitimate and healthy thongh they may be, and that ebown in the promotion of Ohristianity, wonld have led, we might haVe thonght, to some solemn : refleotious npon the tendency lof this age, m of eyery other,, to become absorbed in 'pleaanre, and to forget eternal interests. Bat the Primate apparently saw nothing to canie anxiety, and he pro ceeded in an optimistic strain to expatiate on the improved condition of affairs in the Ohnroh of England, his reasons for hopefnl- nesa being very sabetential, and we would hope, not entirely satisfactory to himself on refleotion. Anyhow, there is a marked differ ence between the reasons asiigaed by the Archbishop for his rejoicing concerning the Ohnroh fat Eogland, and those given by St. Peal in .his Epistles to the Ohnroh which he addressed. - Monastery Scandal at Mos cow— >ThH Moboow correspondent ot the Daily Chronicle writes " It has. now come to light that the.artioles which were abstracted from the treaBare-cheets of the Tohoodova Monastry were, after a diligent search, dia.- dovered hidden in the cells of some of the monkfl. The'ohief articles of value that were etolen were some gorgeons vestments known as the " holy robes, ' wbioh are worn by the prinoipal monks when they offioiate on endh speoia; ocpione as Imperial opronations. These vestments are richly enomsted with valoable diamonds, pearls, and other precions etones. Bat although all the vestments were recovered, the diaihonds and pearls bad been torn cat of them. An even more disgracefnl faot was bronght to light daring the eearoh for the jewela, as it was aaoartained that Bsveral women were living seoretly with the monks. The npshpt pf the basiness is that all the monks of; the monastery have been arrested. ; The crime: of Baorilege in Bassia is a partiqnlarly heinona one, and thepanishmsnt of those who have dommitted the present orime will probably be the Siberian mine's tor life." Secedes— A oorrespohdent- 'of the Daily Chroniele.aaya " The Bev. Dr. Shiells Batoliffe, who. hop latterly held an eoplesias- tical; appointment at Hastings, has seceded fiom. the: Ohnroh of Eogland in conseqaenoa of the Lincoln Jadgment, and has accepted a Nonoonformist pastorate at Ashford, Kent. He was for many years British Ghaplaiq in South Amerioa, and: afterwards held tbe living of Long Oompton;" The importanoe: of this informationfi isi somewhat : diacoanted by the foot that thp name/of Dr. Shjells Batoliffe .dpes not, appear; in the oleripsl directories, and it is preanmable that his Beo.aa8i6n from the Obnrch took plaoe soinp. time ago., Negotiations With Rome agalpi— Bdmonre of fnntier negotiatione with Bome, on' the part of the Governmsnt, are flying I ahont. This time , they relate to Uganda, thongh why tbe Vatican shonld be oonsnltedon that eabjeot ia hard, indeed to to nnderstmd. The Pope„bas no valid olaim to temporal power in Uganda, thongh probably he ooneidera himself as the virtnal monarob of all the earth. The Borne oorreepondent of the Daily Chronicle has telegraphed, oh Monday night, as follows " Active, althongh semi-official, negptiations have for some time past been going on batween the Vafioan and, Enulond ooncerning the present and fntnre of Uganda-: The , Vatican pnts forward a olaim for the restoration ot their former territories to the Boman Oatholio missions, and for the payment of an idemnity to them for the lose tne have enstained. So far, however, no deflnite deoieion has been arrived at." The best ..thing the Engligh. Government can do is to tell the Pope to mind his own basiaess. . Oladstone, Ireland, and; Rome. — Mr. MoOormiok addresses Mr. Gladstone thus— The Bight Hon. 'W. E. Gladstont, M. P; M Sib,— The enolosed i book — "Gladstone, Ireland, Bome " — was placed in my hands a few days ago, and I ' was startled by what it oontained. I hope - yon will not consider me offioions, or jimpsrtinent in for warding yon the copy in oase you majr-iiiot have seen one. I shrink from distarbing year, qniet, daring yonr needf nl rest in oar town that yon have so mnoh favonred, and I hope yon will for give me. for addressing this oommnnicatlou to yon. ; It wonld be a very great, satisfaotion to me and to many others, who, thongh differing iu politics, admire your splendid.: abilities, and who feel.gratefnl for; the ;maiiy beneflts that yon have conferred; npon England in the past, if yon oonld deny tqe statements that haye been pat forth in this volamo that 1 how forward. Hoping than onr fears' fnay' be allayed-hy a refntation ordenialiftdm ycnrself.— fl have the honnnr to be,-8ir, yonr obedient seevaai;,, W; T., M.oOobmiok, Vloar of St. Matthews, Brighton. ,, St. Matthews' VIoarage, Brighton, Jnne-lOth. \- ' 10, Dowlidg'-street, 'Whitehall, Jane! 20, 1893. Deab Sib,— I am desired by,Mr. Gletona to aoknowiedge tbe reoeipt of yonr letter and of the, work. enclosed- Tbe latter does, not seem to him to require anynotloe.— Your obedient servant, / Bev. 'W. T. MoOormiok. Spknobb Littleton. Bisllop Ryle on . Niatljoaai Religion. — I loathe the idea' of a great nation liKe England, se highly' favoured and privileged, ceasing to recognize God. I had far rather see onr next sovereign, crowned in Westminster Abbey by the President pf Wesieyan Oonferenoe, with an exterhpoNr prayer, and the Arohbiahop of Oanterbnry standing as a private individual in the oiowd, than see car Government turning its back on Ohristianity altogether. I am aware that the Established Ohnroh of Eogland has niaay fanlts, but so long as she. is TaithfuV toitim Artioles and Prayer-book she is worth, pre serving. However; we mast ' awake 'to a sense of the danger in whioh.wa stand jnst now, and mnat work ' hard to Pppoae/.oar enemies. Thois is no safety in apathy. If others combine we mnst combine. If others agitate wa mast boldly resist the agitation. If others assert falsehoods wo mast assert troth. If others flood tbe oountry with cheap traota and- leaflets attaoking the OhnrohLwe must: meet the attack with a oonnter flopd- pf cheap . literatnre in the Ohnroh'a defeppp, " Defence, not defianca,'.' mast be onr mbttp. Oontroversies and oonfliota with other prpfess. ing Ohristians ars odiona things; biit the condnot of the Liberationiats seems likely to leave us up alternative. If- they will not leave na alone, we mast 'flght. Tha-Ohnrohs- man who folds his- arms ; in, our oamp and says, "Peaoe, peaoe, any thing, . for a, qqiet life.; let things take their :opqrBe," ma t|e,a very nioe, amiable Chnrohman, bnt he is no true friend to the Oimroh of Edgland/ 'I dread the Iinesa of Ohnrohmen more thin the whole Ittack of the Liberation Sobiety Once more I repeat tbe text. " He that- bath no sword, let him sell his garment and hay one.!' I oannot cpnclude , this, sermon ; wUhp! giying a.Bolemn.warniog- to. all who hpac oqi about the signs of the times in whibh wa,l|v& The heavens around ns are blaok ; painful signs political, signs sooial, signs eooieaiasti. cai, signs moral, are tp be eeeu iq eve qoarter of tbe horizon if wa only use our eyieia and are not; blind. They all eammon-usito set onr hoasSi in order if old) England .ia. to live.and not: die. The g-adrnfi cpnoentijipn of .-power in the hands of the half .educated working classes, the inoreasing ettikes land divisions between capital aqd labodr, the fi'erce bitterness, of politioal opponents, the painfal eeparation of Ohqrpbmea into two distinot parties, the absenqeot milllPas of Pint qonntrymen, from any pnblio worqlup, .the qnormbna amonnt of drunkenness, gambliuA and: Sabbath-breaking, the painfal grpw,tl),pf syatems of elementary ednpatioa nnder whipb children are turned oat. clever about!, thia world, but . ntterly ignorant about Obrist, the Holy, Ghost, or the way to heaven — all thaae are great blaok faote whioh no. one cad dei and which londly demand the intention ox every patriot and every Ohriatian. Now; what arc we doing to. mend the times ?j .Lpt ne eaoii do onr dnty in oqr own plaoaa,fnud bfild, the wall of Jjerasalem.bafoire pijqwn dpors.' Lst US not ha oontpnt with groanTng anid elpklng onr heads, and lamenting. " Lot na be awake, and alive, and. work, atter'thn great example of Him who abed Hieblodd for onr son Is. He was ever going ab-iot doing good ; let as strive and pray to beli.kP Him. There is no saying what even; one layman in a parish may do if he ia alive puif on fire, and.laya himself out to do good. A |hzy, idlo, hslf-aslsep, one-day-a-waok Oarie- tianity is one of the plagnes of onr times. Dace more I ask yon to remember. the text— : "He that hath no swjrd, let him BoU'his garment and bay one." 