SPIRITUALISM: WHAT IS IT? TRUTH OR IMPOSTURE? Ancient and Modern Spirit- ualism. Researches and Enquiries. Remarkable Phenomena. Investigations by Our Own Representative. Seance or Farce. How the Silly Public are Fooled. No. 3. [Continued from Last Saturday's Issue.] "Oh for the touch of a vanished hand Or the sound of a voice that is still." "Well, I am inclined to think there is something in it"—such is the half- hesitat- ing admission of hundreds of men who have heard of some of the phenomena of spiritualism but have never dived deep into the subject. Many things occur admitted- ly which are not susceptible of explanation to the ordinary mind. For example, the average man if he forms a little "circle," from which all imposture is absent, finds that a table will "rap" out intelligent answers to questions. He cannot explain why the table moves so freely nor why its replies should have in them an evident knowledge of his- private affairs, and there- fore he pleads guilty to believing there is "something" in it, but declines to go fur- ther and define, or attempt to discover, what that something is. Having expressed our candid opinion in respect to the apparent honesty and genuineness of Mrs. H. A. Rising, a local clairvoyant medium whose seances are at- tended by large numbers of well-known residents who express mingled wonder and satisfaction at the communications received, apparently, from their deceased relations and friends, we now propose following up our experiences of spiritualistic phen- omena by giving a description of the fraudulent aspect of the question. Clair- voyancy, indeed, offers a very tempting field for imposture. Any enterprising person whose stock-in-trade need only be an unlimited supply of brazen-faced effron- tery, has only to announce, through the medium of a shilling advertisement, that he or she possesses the gift of clairvoyancy, when the foolish flies will readily walk into the human spider's parlour, and allow them- selves to be deluded and victimised—for by a little adroit "drawing out" of the sitter, and by making the given information sufficiently vague, the trickster may carry on a very snug business, especially as man- kind as a rule are prone to accept anything savoring of the supernatural with more credulity than they would accept any evi- dence as jurymen in a court of law. Having had the satisfaction of interviewing frauds of this description, our only wonder is that the public will be such asses as to swallow the utter humbug administered to them in the disguise of spiritualism. At the same time, as we remarked on Wednesday, it is unfair to judge of the truth of spiritualism by the manifestations received from im- postors, just as it is unfair to estimate the value of Freemasonry by taking the late Bro. Deeming as a sample, or the truth of religion by selecting such specimens as G. N. Taylor, as representing the Protestant faith, and Matthias Larkin, as representing the Catholic belief. We frankly admit that in the coarse of our investigations we have met with ex- periences which up to date we are unable to account for on any known principle of nature and which would assume that the "something" alluded to in the first part of this article was really the influence of an invisible visitant from the other world. Some of these test cases will hereafter form interesting reading, supported as some will be by sworn testimony; but in the meantime our business is to describe a visit to a "medium" whose impositions were too glaring to evoke the faintest credence. The medium was of the male gender, but it is unnecessary to particularise the locality in which he is to be found, as probably the present notice will scarcely add to the profits of his trade. Suffice it that we found ourselves at the door of a neat suburban villa on the other side of the Yarra where we were met by a couple of little fairies—two little Miss Mediums. Yes, there was a circle that evening, and we could go in if we wished. And then Mrs. Medium put in an appearance, took our fee and ushered us into the darkened room. We were almost alone, and it was only at intervals that a straggler arrived They appeared to be principally of the ordinary credulous and illiterate type, and not very brilliant at that—people who looked as if they had an hour or so to spare and felt that a "seance" was more "creepy" than a melodrama at a theatre and cheaper, —for the fee was the humble but not to be despised shilling. The last to arrive were two young men, bricklayers apparently, with their Sunday clothes all on, who rushed in breathless, panting, with the beads of perspiration rolling down their cheeks as they flopped into seats ejaculating one to another "Golly, we nearly missed it that time." They were a decided break in the solemn order of visitors who looked like mutes at a funeral. And then the Medium entered—a fine man, with a powerful and sonorous voice, but looking decidedly ashamed of himself as with a curt "Good evening, friends" he strode to a seat at the end of the room, looking neither to the right nor to the left, and immediately proceeded to go into a trance. There is a story told of a child who having committed a depredation in a flower garden and being anxious to disown any liability therewith proceeded indoors at once with the assertion "Grandma, I didn't break oo's flower." The attempted deception was too palpable. So with our friend, the Medium, while the "spirits" wrestled with him in the trance. He "had 'em bad—wery bad." He wrestled, and groaned, and thumped, and hammered him- self, and still, according to the interpreta- tion given to us, the evil and good spirits contended for the possession of his body. And the fight went on with a pertinacity which would have done credit to a profes- sional athlete. The time also went on, and by and bye Mrs Medium ventured to put in a mild suggestion that the evil spirit should leave the medium "as we are only wasting time." Singularly the evil spirit yielded to that exorcism and shortly after- wards "gave up the ghost," to use a colloquialism, and left the medium under the charge of his "control," a certain "London solicitor." Then followed a sonorous and palpably hypocritical prayer, based largely upon the church service, after which came a long address by the "control" on the Depression and How to Bear It, wrapped in the usual flow of words, which, by their smug- ness, scorn to have a comforting influence over many people. There was, however, one spark of prophecy which we intend to bear in mind when next we renew a bill. For five months the colony is to have a frightful time of it; but at the end of six months all will be sunshine and brightness. That is pretty safe prophecy. Not even the word of a "spirit" was necessary to tell us that the winter, with all the banks in a heap, is going to be frightful; while it is the usual thing for us all to recuperate about Cup time. Ten minutes past nine had now arrived, and at last we got to practical work by the "medium," who was in a high state of ex- citement, getting hold of a young girl's hand which he pumped as if ten timber yards were on fire, and he the only man who could work the massal. It was the "control" who announced that the girl's grandfather was present, and that he stood with his mouth open, showing that he had lost a tooth—as most people of sixty have. Could she recognise him by the tooth that wasn't there? "Please, I never saw my grandfather," she explained. Was there no way of testing his identity, or of tracing out the fact that her grandfather, who was present but couldn't speak for himself (could he have swallowed that tooth and choked on it?) did lose a tooth? but she sorrowfully negatived the pro- position, and the "medium" commenced hand-sawing with an elderly woman at- tired in mourning, ejaculating in heart- broken tones the words "Mother! Mother!! MOTHER!!!"—only that and nothing more. But it visibly affected the sitter, who pro- bably had lost a child—most elderly women have; but not the slightest test of identity was given, nor was it explained why the spirit was so unhappy. A little comedy was then enacted. A beggar arose from the grave and accosted a lady sitter. He told her how he had ruined himself, how he had gone away hundreds of miles from his friends into beggary, and how one day she had relieved him. He grew pathetic over the kindness of her eyes, "Never, madam, shall I forget those eyes; never before or since have I seen such eyes as those," until the sitter brought the wearisome reiteration to a close by de- claring that she did not remember the incident, and enquiring the spirit's name: to which he weakly responded that it was no use mentioning it, as she would not know it. Here the "medium" lost his opportunity. Had he boldly declared the spirit to have been "Montmorencie Fitzduff, tramping under the name of Bill Adams," he would have created a greater dramatic effect. The spirit of one of the bricklayer's father urged him to carry out an impulse he had had the previous day, and he prom- ised to do so. He told us afterwards that he didn't remember what the impulse was, but he intended to carry it out all the same. The other lad's father—in spiritland—shook his head over "my boy," and told him he was getting on "only fairly well," but would be better if only his son was better. An Indian chief conversed with a lady in Choctaw or Jawtalk or some language we do not understand, and just as we were thinking that we were quite forgotten, we were seized by the hand, and the pumping process re-commenced. Thank heaven we escaped—but half-an-hour's interview with that "medium" would have spoilt our pen hand for a month. "Walter!" That was the only word uttered, and as we are not Walter, we waited. Then it ap- peared that "Walter" was addressing us. We "speered," as the Scotch say, into his identity, but the spirit put the question aside by assuring us that we had been "the apple of his eye" all our life. That was a staggerer. We never knew a Walter as a relative or friend, dead or alive, and here was one who went on to tell us that he was always watching over us, particularly during the troubles of the past fortnight. The hook was baited. Considering that banks have been smashing during the fort- night, it was natural to suppose that we might have had trouble. Had we assented, "Walter" would have immediately told us to cheer up, that all things would come right. But the fish did not swallow the bait. We indignantly repudiated any knowledge of Walter, or of being in trouble. That evidently caused a "bust up" in spiritland, and after a brisk interlude, during which the Walter was apparently knocked out of time, the London solicitor came up smiling but breathless to tell us that Walter was, if not a delusion and a snare, certainly at sea in respect to his communications, and that he (the control) could see nothing whatever in our surroundings to justify Walter in forming the conclusion that we were in trouble. So ended, for that night, our experience with Mr. —, professional medium, of whom and others of his ilk we shall have more to say in another article. (To be Continued next Saturday) 