Amusements. ' HAMLETS AT ??£? THE A.TEE EOTAL. A house overflowing with charity and en thusiasm assembled at : the popular old Theatre Boyal last night, when Mr. Alfred Dampier in augurated his old- time popular ShaJcs perian Fridays with Shakspeie's masterpiece ' Hamlet.' The refreshing news thai at least one ghost was able to walk in these trfublous times was gratefully received by ?nany of the best Sydney citizens, who, despite ths fact ?fchat bank shares were going begging and fixed deposits being ruthlessly dragged from their graves by timorous investors, succeeded in scooping up the necessary funds to entitle them to a seat in Alderman Eainford's cosy theatre. Several of the city alder men were to be seen ? among the audi ence in the circle, which was augmented by the presence of the genial Mayor himself, who carefully followed the long sets of the tragedy, and waxed quite enthusiastic when his old con frere appeared in . his seemingly immaterial garb of armour, and delivered the im pressive lines that were first spoken on a* stage by the immortal dramatist himself. Even the gallery was nearly packed, and a large and attentive audience inspired the players with more than the usual fervor, and stamped the performance, as a whole, with the trade mark of distinct success. Considering the fact that this trying play was placed on the stage for ' one consecutive night' only, the stage management calls for the warmest praise. The scenery was admirable, and the faults always to be found on a first night were more than counterbalanced by the decided excellence of the 'tout ensemble.' Every actor who is worthy the name has conceived a, different Hamlet. Even Shakapere himself we venture to think would have had a difficulty in award ing the palm to one of the many diametrically opposite versions our finest actors have given na. So in a. rmrt which is onen to so many different interpretations it is futile to attempt to lay down any written law. Every critic has his own idea of the character, and that idea generally clashes with the conception of the artist he is called upon to criticise. Mr. Dampier has his idea of the part, and he follows out that idea with an earnestness and fervor that must impress his listeners even if it does not convert them to his own train of reason ing in its connection. It is a performance that clearly shows a scholarly perception, and, at least, a keen appreciation of the difficulties which, from a psychological point of view, surround the charac ter of a man who was either grandly mad or madly grand. Apart from a mannerism, which is scarcely to be regarded as a blemish in a good performance, and a tendency to over accentuate the melancholy side on the Dane's nature. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is worthy a place among his more dis tinguished contemporaries, and will rank among his best Shaksperian performances. He has a good presence, a fine rich voice, and an able delivery. His method may invite criticism, but it cannot fail to impress, and in the Flay Scene last night he carried the house with him to a man. The New Ophelia was somewhat disap pointing at first. Miss Rose Dampier rises to the requirements of the everyday heroine, but fails to realise the subtlety of the poet's djeam. She played her parts with intelli gence and eraee, but the soul was wanting and that indescribable touch that transforms the actress into the character was not. In the mad scene, however, the young actress all but struck the magic chord, and her performance in this trying situation was above mediocrity. It hinted at a possibility that study and perseverance may attain, and was received with a genuine burst of applause. Mr. J. P. West, despite the fact that his make up was decidedly uniegal, made a good Claudius, and deserves praise for a thoroughly conscientious perform ance, and Mr. Hodson is to be credited with a very intelligent reading of the part of Folonius. Mr. A. Eolfe, a gentleman who should make a name in Shaksperian parts, was admirably suited to the role of Laertes, and Horatio was safe in the hands of Mr. A. Harford. As was before intimated Mr. J. H.Bainford was seen to decided advantage as the ' Ghost,' a part he has not essayed for some years— not, in fact, since he played with Fairclough. His delivery was impressive, and met with the distinct ap proval of the house. If we may be allowed a suggestion we might hint that his second ap pearance should be made a little nearer the foot lights if practicable, but this after all is a detail which can eoon be remedied. Mr. H. Leston was seen to advantage as the First Gravedigger, and Mr. H. Flimmer was eminently satisfactory as the First Flayer. Miss Julia Merton's Gertrude requires a little more relief, but her performance was throughout a very satisfac tory one, and Miss Alice May in the small part of the Actress showed a careful study and an amount of care that should with more experience stand her in good stead. The rest of the large cast was appropriately filled, and the incidental music, some of which was courteously supplied by Signer Hazon, was done full justice to by an excellent orchestra, under the capable baton of Mr. S. White. This evening a dramatised ver sion of Marcus Clarke's novel, ' For the Term of His Natural Life,' will be played by this com pany. The usual concert will be given to-morrow evening at the Alhambra Music Hall by the mem bers of Messrs. Delohery, Craydon, and Hollands's Variety Company. An attractive programme is announced. The customary concert will be given at Bondi Aquarium to-morrow afternoon, when a number of well-known artists, including the celebrated Hungarian Cornet Quartette, Harry Leston, Fred. Dark, Herbert Rowley, and Misses Lillie Rowley and Ida Holbein will make their appearance. At the Gaiety Theatre Slade Murray and the whole of the World Star Society Company will hold the boards on Sunday evening, when a varied and attractive concert performance will be sub mitted. A sacred and classical concert will be given on Sunday evening at the Opera House by Mr. H. Barrington's Imperial Minstrel Company. The reputation of the company should ensure a good house. Mr. Harry Rickards and his Tivoli Company advertise another of their popular Sunday even ing concerts at the Tivoii Theatre. A first-class programme will be submitted, in which Mr. G-. H. Wood, ' the somewhat different comedian,' will atroear. 