1oý9' olumn,11. Wagner as a Boy.-Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March 22.1813. When be was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in structed him in music; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opportu. nity of repeating the melodies that he had heard, especially those of "Der Freischutz," which had already kindled his powerful ih-. agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings-he was a poet In his eleventh year he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake. speare. that he. decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama.i IHe was forced to re lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last-act in order to have peiformers enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresdeno where he had been living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that he was put back a class; this so discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tragedy. When he had nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This had so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass, to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did he become with the study, that he de termined to be a poet no longer, but that music shoqld have tlie devotion of his life. When his family leafned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the cause of his backwardness at school; but when they found him to be writing music, they were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great harm. He was not to be discouraged, howevef, and composed in' secret. But at last h w~as placed under the instruction "of Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.--Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would theysay to the boat-dwel lers of Japan?' In that crowdel'country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un usual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are in other parts of the world. Their business is the bransportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says: " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, notwith standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat ever goes, to another's aid, nor will any boatman save any other from,drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among. these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and tense.l and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah I it is in reading and learning about the people of other lands that we find how much we have to love and be thankful for in the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streeis of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country. An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. -I had singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me as a trophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun. dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever he swerved ens-gh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snapping the bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some. what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my motith and nostrils; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a.merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.-The Rev. J; G. Wood, the well known English writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse : " Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and staid horse. It so happened that there was. a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady. who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the mannouvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as lie was, he sprang off at full speed, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where the regi. ment went the horse went; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughoutthe whole of the manmuvres. " After the review was over the ofliers crowded round the old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, however, were refused." The world is so cold, love . (I really can't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh I won't there be strife) I And yours shah be mine, dear (Oh, Lord; Here's my wife 1) " A font is a baptismal basin in church, isn't it, father ?" asked young Sharpehins. " Yes," returned the old gentleman, shortly. " Then why is a set of printers' type called a font ?" enquired young S. " Because so many authors gain a name Nbroumb it." 