T A B L E A U X VIVANTS. THE Governor and the Countess of Hopeloun attended the inblenw and musical entertain men t held in the Prahrun Town Hall on Saturday evening in aid of the Women's Hospital. The audience was fashionable and overflowing, and excited to a pitch that once again proved that there, is nothing Society loves better than contact with theatres and theatricals. On Saturday evening many local fashionables were taking actual part jn the performance, and the hum ol excitement was relatively loud among themselves and their friends in the audience. There may have been another cause for the little tumult, for was not .Saturday the day on which the Queen celebrated her own and the ])nke of York's birthdays, and was not. the celebration of JK<)3 to bring a knighthood to our now Chief Justice, whose family were chief actors in the entertainment Jf the honour were always so worthily bestowed as in the present instance, these knighthoods would not be so cheaply held as they have come to be in Victoria. Sir John received the Governor and Lady Hojietoun and the younger members of the family were as much at Inane as though the occasion were a juvenile parly at " Cloviie." We. like this ourselves, because it is a good specific against the too prevalent society gavnltmc. Wo have said that the audience was overflowing, and the. front seats were all taken so early that we must conclude that soino of the patrons went without their dinner. Despite this, many late people went to the front and managed to find accommodation in some unaccountable manner. A civic dignitary aud his wife were stopped midway in the passage and blandly informed that there was no room, but when the gentleman whispered his identity to the usher he latter boned them in, while some one near hummed " Kor l'ui the Mayor." Sir William and Lady Clarke wore accompanicd by Miss .Snodgrass, Miss Clarke and Misses Mary and Vera Clarke. The two latter look part iu the labhvnx, and Miss Clarke carried the "properties." 'The Austrian officers, -who at the present moment have turned Melbourne into a southern Vienna, were there in numbers, and iiad the attention of many ladies, a favour which the naval men seemed eagerly disposed to accept:. As Hell- l'lock- walked 'up the. hall to take his piaceatthe head of the ercbe.stra some ladies bowed to liini, aud he promptly raised his hand to his hat 1 as he thought, but only to pull ..IV the spectacles winch he had tilted up on his fparsely-crowncd hejid. By-the-way, the genial llerrdid not use his customary discretion in the opening piece, which was a see-saw kind of measure, the reverse of soothiug. The stagelooked pretty with a display of palms and ferns kindly lent by Messrs. Patau and Sons. The musical performers were not allowed to go behind the scenes, as the lahlrau representatives, with all the old Town Hall at their disposal, were still pressed for room, aud so the artists had to find accommodation in the front of the house. It looked rather odd to see ladies aud gentlemen bobbing up from among the audience to ascend the platform to give their number, ami this arrangement also led to their continually passing aud repassing in front of the Governor's paity. O/io of the vocalists, when crossing in front of His Excellency, turned round to how her excuses, but her courtesy resulted in the upset of a table and other trifles, but still bettei anything than interference with the picture people the director.', seemed to think. So l-lmt tinillusions might not be spoiled a passage wa-. screened off at the side, along which those taking part iu the iahlamx were to pass to the stage, but the majority of these could neither hide their light nor restrain their curiosity, and so, during the evening, a row of grinning, peering faces appeared above tinscreens, reminding one of the mask stand at Drury Lane during the pantomime season. The programme! 'Well, the programme, which numbered twenty-seven items exclusive of encores, was a shade too generous in extent, but it was also excellent in parts ; indeed, the lillcavx were all wonderfully good, those of "Vout ii at the Prow and Pleasure at the Helm '' being singularly beautiful. The complete list ut <jbtcaiM- is appended:— l'jrt I.-'J'jbleuii, " The King'.! Diuglitfr," Mr'. ,1. Masters, Mi.s s Huit, S. Madden, E. Jouus, C O Loghlcr: M. Clirrie. D. Carnuglon, N. Wilkie. T. 1'miiirr, li. Hartrop aud M IJanderaou Tiihleuu. " Tho ive l<'oo.ui), Viigius," Musses VVillisma Fu^erald, Micbio, V itUackett aud D. A'lieckett. Tableau, "A Winter' Talc," Miss s jAuijIiy, Wueeler. itirinan. Horoir; Sifuocspn and SI. pars. A, \V. and H. K. Jacoby. Tablnn '•Tbe D&tiaiu;^ Lrbsoo," Mi-s?g &uie;)ris, Fitz-jerdU-, Staugbton, HendersoD, L. Midden. M. Madden, >' Madieu aud SI. aud X. fioudersou. Xriblcav. " Youth Ht the Prow and Pleasure at the Helm,' Misses Vm Clarke G. Hay, A. OLigblen, L. ISox, 13. Williams K. Clarke. G. Urush, IJ. Shields, (j. Haoigrass, A. Mem, Grey, 1,. Htevenson, Currie and tue Mis^ea Carriugtou. l'art II -Tableau, " Tim Latest ]Jit of Scandal'' Misses li PeDder aud D. Maddeu, Met-sra. <J tjauut J. Porves, junr., Clayton, Niveia and W. Gtdfrey jieii'. Tubtnm " Da Tropp," Mioses H Midden, H. Ma iden nu-J N. Wilkie, Messrs. 1-'. f'aluior nod H. LSox. TaMt i "Statuary," MiBae.s boyd. Hogg, A. Anderson, M. Au.ie. son, N. Ingram, E. Ingram. J. Turnbuli and lj. Suiitli. Taiitcnu, " Faith, Hopa. Obarity," Mi5ses SI iry Clarke. E. l-'uggerald and Sbivlds. The vocalists were Mrs. Palmer, who v-aencored fur an excellent rendering of " Good-bye:' Mdlle. Dreyfus, who was rewarded with s, cmlovely Uowers for her artistic singing of ••Tin- Flower <5irlMrs. Itiddell Stanley, Mr. Hau Mrs. Aronson, Dr. O'Hara, Miss" Hancock, Mi:- Daisy Madden, Miss Howe and Mr. C. Miles, ' contributed comic selections, of which the less s;vi' the belter—for the singer. Miss Madden, but IV her previous exertions in tbe hall, would doubt !i have hud better control of her voice, nnd Jli; Pon e, who sang the accompaniment to " Too Lute marred an otherwise creditable effort by fauK enunciation. During this number a coiitiuu.' knocking at the back of the stage gave a inmeaning to tho words of the song, The hall notably bad in acoustic properties, and t' arrangements we have already referred were much against the singers. In the sing of the " Venetian boat Song," the repetition one word sounded so much like a cafi call of rnl-ir piscatorial delicacy thai one lady was ,'1'ird to utter—" Sardines ! No thanks, although wj lire packed like them." Mrs. Carter, who „nd(> a most' satisfactory accompanist, was presented with IV lovely bouquet from tlw Fingers, for whom she hud acted during the evening. Mr. JJIascheck received more applause than any ,,110 elso on the programme, and he deserved it, •mil now that lie has decided to devote himself entirely to his work wo hope to often hear of his services being retained for society entertainments. His recitation of an " After-dinner Speech "was iilmirablo, and "Tommy on Ghosts" was no less !i,i both being loudly applauded, and encores in.'in" insisted on in each case. Miss Lewis l.lu.ved ft Violiu solo with very good effect. Mr. 1! H. Plimpton gave a whistling solo which was much enjoyed, and another good number was Mr. lunes-Noad's recitation. Among the audience, besides those already mentioned, were Captain -Vbri.Tht, A .B.C. Mrs Shields, Mrs. Edwin Millar, Ur and Mrs. Septimus Miller (the latter wearing lovely dress), Madame Dejardin, Mi6s Julie . 'larke, Miss Greig, Mr. and Mrs. N. Fitzgerald, Mr Percy Fitzgerald, Mrs. and Miss Nuwbigin, Mr and'Mrs. John Young, Mr. and Mrs. M. E. lieiiiamin, Mrs. Hughes, Miss G. Snodgrass, Mrs. Laiidalo, Mr. and Mrs. Weigall, Mrs. Lewis Kiddle, Misses Kiddle, Lady Wrixon, Misses llartrop. Mrs. O'Hara, Mrs. T. l J iice, Mrs. Alex. Murphy, Mre. Leonard, Mrs. J. A. Levey, Misses Xyulasy, Signor Catani, .Mrs. A. Miller, Miss Ida 1 i nner, Mrs. Polham, Mrs. Charles White. SOCIAL—(Cmdiu^i). The Indies of We:l Jej-loun gave a return dance dip gentlemen of Welderburn on Kriday ening,lnst at the Instil utf Hall. and they IVI> everj' Mwn t» c-Jiu^mtuI;itu thenuelre* on e sin'cess thereof. Tin- hull was tastefully morated with evergreens and flowers. Thorp • re visitors from liiglewond. Komug Vain, j.irt aud Charlton. Aiimi;' tin- ladies present. Ml'' M'Millftil-^ri-BB ol libel: silk. M**5. J. 11. Gray— fiwn Cfi'imi'. <•! en Cniittf—WhitI- a'lil anin&l; r.nBlumo lilrt. M'l'l'C mierv - civim si'i'i unwn. Mrs. WicciDB - «bn« nu-rvi-iiliMix Miw Lim-ait - or icy pown of P.IH'HIU •-il.il KOl'l triniuinica. Miss llimier— prmyfr-cUolp 1 •111011 MiPP IMInu-F- liljcliO >»tun>i\ cn.rdinn.1 roues Mils H»y*arrt—iilnoh liqun'rt silk, Mirs jcgaje Steel—lu'ettv drees of black ]ai:o mid in lire, jet irliiimiiiRs. Mi«e Mvijmio >» worn » nice ptm plairf trimuliuge. Mr?. H iilrfet - black co^tuor Prfictni-— pi >d with black v.-lvet Mi?» Morecroft—In cup diesi. blncl: laci triiuuiinr, Miss Guthrie—black i slum •• Mi" A. Mlrenrofc—niuk null's veiling i.ud M.ss N: rilibon. i-lvet. Misi Steel him I: costuni". I'd—1> tin cret'tl wrveilleux. piDk SfeHl—pink linn fi viiliu." and nuin. H. M .ivcrdft-lil-ok frock, Willi pill': tliniininqp. jiiips lluRlim-lil rkilri-ss. ordinal e^bli. Miss 11 u lison —tirowu ccstuiiio. Inco triuiiuiosfi. Miss llock jialu green costume. On Jloud.iv evening lasf\o!h .lull". a pirty was given bvMr. and Mrs.'J. !•'. Moggie,al " Lmdortis." Tlotliiin'i-sti-.-ct. Ivist Melbourne. til celebrate the coming of age of their third son. .Tuhn Henry. It proved to be a inns! delightful affair. 'l'iie large riiiiiiiizronui was cleared, and dancing. singing and recitations Mete indulged m liv the gue.-ts, ^tipp.'V was provided about eleven m'clock, and nfrer (lii-t was disposed of Mr. .1. Ill-own. in a humon-lls speech, proposed tin- henltii of Mr, J. H. Hi-g-.'ie. who responded in suitable terms. Dancing \v;is j-esn-iii'ii. :i'id eonrinned until tin; early hours of ihe iieu-iiimr- .Some very pretty dn.-fl.s wore worn bv the ieli. <. "J'Ik; host and lioste?s letl nothing undiino flint could at all conduce to the umufovt and eujoynieut of their Hiiesta. I'm: jiafienls of 1 lie Austin Hospital at Ueidellier" were eniei'lained by a lew Molbourne ladies muf aclitlcim.-ii <11 We.lne.-day last week- at a concert, wlmli was a ^reat success. AjHomrst- the item.! were -ll nice. .Miss Jfane Sanjni : son^' l-Mrs. 'lCnerv 'Aivkins"), Mr. Alliert U'axin ui : son". Miss Vic WnMnan: soiii; f Il.^'ie Man"), Mr.^liarloy Perry .- miital i..ns, Mr. Willie Smith: jiinno i.ilo' Mi's Ii"se Tchen : piano solo. Miss llairie Waxniiin : Min«, Mrs-, l-'ryber^.- recitation, Mrs. ISlaski : violin sol.., Mr. Ornstein ; cornet: solo. Mrs. i b iisteiu. The ni-(i<fcs were eutert.aiuud alter the ,-onci'rt. bv Mrs. illass, of Aldington. Thk Harriers' ball to-niorrow evening at the lV.-ihiaii 'J'owu Hall promises to lie a most, enjoyable funet ion. Sir John and Liii,v Madden, Sir Win. and Ladv Claii.o, Mr. and Mrs. K. W. liest. Mr. and Mis. «'. H. I'roker, Dr. and Mrs, Charles Kyan. Hon. <>o. and Mrs. 'J'urner. Mrs. Ibbotson, .linliie Ca-ev mid otiicis will join in the festivities. Tile hall is to be prettily festooned and decorated will) plants and tin* flasjs of all the clubs forniin^ the Victorian Amateur Athletic. Association, and of iier appropriate emblems. The MUric will bo supplied by S-luvart?,. and tiie cateniiL,' by Kdlinjer and (io 'tr. (Vienna f.i/.'j, FH that I'lioso potions ,,f the programme should pi- uve ipnte talisl'.-i 'to rv. and tlie I Juniors themselves have .juite a reputation for making these dances enjoyable socially. Tut: Melbourne Iticvole Club, .jive a very enjoyable "siiiok- ui-rlit " la^t '1'ilesday at their cbibr.ionis, I'oliins-street, w hen ti ere was a lar^e atieiidance of its mcuiburs and friends. Mr. M'CullaLTh. "•ecrot.ii v, had arr.ui-je.i a -jond projri:Huni". Mr. A. Mnirhe.id occupied the chair, and 1'rofi'ssor 1''. Ireland opened the prosraniine Willi an overture anano-ed bv himself. The first tons; was that oiven by Mr. !•'. Best, entitled " MarehiiiL r -.' ibe next was tolloweil by a eoutie descriptive souu'. entitled '-Words 'J'o 'J'hat Ktfe,t." -riven bv Mr. t\ Terry, which was loudly applauded, and ho irave as an encore " I'll Have, 'fjin Hy-au l-bye." Mr. Kt-ael/.-r followed,-fivinga violin -o'.o, " Scotch Airs." which was very well rendered and received with applause : the next was a grami Wi ^iveu by Mr. Dawson, "'J'he Minor:" the next was a splendid recitation -riven hy Mr. A.i'-ipjjiu, " Cliristuias Stories," and was received with an encore. Mr. Davies next favoured tiie cunip.iny with a pianoforte solo, '•The <;.iie!y." and Mr. Thompson followed with a comic souir, " l'h" Coniforts of a. Honi"," which was received with laiiLrhler and eneoreil. Mr. Walton trax by special request, " 'l'he Old Sexton." aud in resp mse to well- deserved applause he [rave "Till! Village Uiaeksmitb." Mr. Will Elder xnrr a s])lendid coimc recitation entitled •• Tin- Killuii-deiiirker." and ns an encore lie gave a scene in four a -ts. Mr. A.Gatland ended the iirst jial't of the programme by a clover mimic of musical instruments, The second part ol the programme was ni.eie up by tin; following gentleiu-'u : - Messrs. Dirier. M-Rinnan, Koss, Oool«y, .1. M'CuUii^h and oti.er,. Ai ns, S,i:jKi.»i:t:-j bad charge of Monday's ici/i/eV at the Austral Salon, when tlie large nnnibi-r of members and frien-ls presenl sjient an enjnvable tiui". MissOmoril'lirien read a paper, and there were several musical and dramatic members. At live o'clock Madame .Antoinette Sterling arrived and was accorded a rrreat ovation by the member.-:.to whom slie delivered all eloijuent address. Tin: Sisters of Charily gave a delightful fuo-r iiihm-m/i- at. J^ho cjivert sehu-jlroom on Wednesday last woek. Despite the -Irencliing l-ain the bali was crowded to excess. Sigtior )iu/.r.i, who was in capital voice, sang splendidly, as did .Miss Alice King and Madame Christian, while tliu violin so!.- iiv Mr. Cnrlis was niue'ii enjoyed, 'j'he cantata, "Charity." was well rendered, and then there wel l' Some 'excellent. I t),h->iu i:i which lite various jihases ot hospital life were ably illustrated During tno evening the Rjv. Mother of the Sydney branch, in who-e honour the snin'c was given, was presented with a handsome album, and Dr. Leo Kenny made a suitable reply on her behalf. Tim annual SUi ieills' s-ieiai ei'ellia;r given uy the inenibers of the Melbourne University Union will be held ill Hie Wilson Hull, the University, on Friday, Kith June, under the patronage of the Chancellor of the University, Sir Anthony Colliug Hrownless. A programme of students' songs will be rendered entirely by the students—comprising members of the. University orohustra and of the musical societies .of the'Oruiond and Trinity Colleges. IMreshments will be.Bervod during the evening. Tickets ma.y he obtained from Messrs. A. W."Craig, H. fi. Williams. J. Maefarlan, D. Gordon, A" E. l'eae.iek, H. 11. Henry, K. M'Allister, A. I 1 '. l'earce, A. W. Johnson, A. H. Hansford and li. I 1 ' Klliington, or the sccrelaries of the University .societies, or at Messrs. MeWille, Mullen and Slade's. SOME limelight views, interspersed with songs and recitations, were exhibited in the Unitarian Church on last Thursday evening by Air. T.-J. llvslop. 'J he performance throughout was most enjoyable, and Mr. Hyslop is to lid conirratulared on tiie success of his undertaking. His is « class of entertainment that:)s bcconiingextremelypopular, and is of such a high order of merit that lie is likely to be much sought after for similar occasions. "Homes and Haunts ;of the Yarra " was a series oljparticulariy clever views. 