Lecture by the Rev. jr. Nairn. ? ~ ' — ? — — ? — On Tuesday evening a lecture, entitled 'Dickens' Christmas Carols,' was do livered in the Masonic Hall, by the ltev. 5\. Nairn. The time of starting had to be postponed from 7.9D to 6.15 on aocounf b| the fire. At about 8.45 the hall was com fortably filled. Mr A. Caratron presided, supported by the Rev. J. W. Grove and Mr A. Mor risby. Mr Cameron, after a few pertinent re marks, introduced the lecturer. The lecture is a clear delineation of the] grasp ing, greedy character of so many mer chants in Dickens' time, and even down to the present day, ' Serpoge ' being the name picked out by Dickens to operate on. of 'Scrooge' to begin with, his portrayal of 'Sorooge's' charaoter eliciting much laughter from the audience. A definition of 'iMarley'B Ghost' followed (Mr Marley being Scrooge's partner), and the conver sation between the ghost of the dead pirther and ghost ol the live old miser Horooge put th« audience on good terxs with themselves. Then came 'The first Of the Three Spirits/' by which Ssrooge was introduced to bis former self when a boyj his apprenticeship was alsj de scribe!; 'Old Fezei wig's BUI,' was given in splendid stylo by the lecturer, creating roars of laughter. ' Tuo Second of the Three Spirits,' in which Bob Cratchet's (Scrooges clerk) home was dealt with, the leading characters Mm Cratchet, Matter Peter, the two young Cratchet', and Tiny Tim'; the story of the 'Christinas goose, and pudding was .another really funny story, given with the lecturer's broid humorous style Next followed a picture of Christmas Day at Scrooge's nephew's house, in which the character of the nephew, Tbppor,-and tbe plump siBter, in lace lacker, were amusing . features J1 The Last of the Threp Spirits,' being the ghost of ChrielraaB yet to corns followed. In this Pete, Old Joe\\- pawnshop, ,was dealt with. Scrooge's visits with the spirits to liis own grave was then given, and his earnest prayer to the spirit, as ho olarped said spirit in entreaty, appeared very funny When that spirit turned out to) b9. Scrooge's own bedpost. During this! pkrt of the lecture a graphic description of the death of Tiny Tim was given. Fol lowiog on the numerous miserly attributes: Scrooge's earlier life, which were painted in boob an amusing way by tin lecturer, camera description of his changed cha racter after the visit of the spirit to him. The lecturer here dropped the amusing stylo arid held his hearers spell-bound as be delineated the. marvellous alteration in Scrooge's life which 'had been brought about The visitsof the ghosts hid shown htm Ihe miserable life created by himself In his owa ftreedy eelfishees, and Induced tomake such.aB alteration in his dealings ttfrti others *h«t he shed happiness all round him. ; The lecture is an impersonation of one ot the immortal Dickens' best creations, and the i R?r. J. Nairn's - broad humor is well able to handle it. Itight through he Wafetramotod, pathetic, or graphic, as oodi-' M^^£fBdJ^itain|y ***** °ne JftwftiiuuI^hita^i^M^ieetioBr.'-: : ^vAMheoonclMioH.Mr Morrisbyandtha J*tftWJVe franked Mr Nairn 'for the* tuej proteoflingr ihen wouhft up with i j C6^o8nptrer, MeMames NairSitlBWar,' Ourrie, Fole^^S, fcWfciffattended to the ^provisioaiuf, and., the. tables, were presided over by the Miese* MilleVParf, and Polglaz. The nipper woncd wp% «ry pleasant evening's entertainment. 