HUXLEY ON EVOLUTION. , A profound despair haunts the purely- materialistic philosopher. Unless this world of ours be the vestibule of a heavenly temple, it is the most awfnjly disastrous structure that could have been contrived. At one time we were con gratulated on the certainty of progress which the theory of evolution assured to us. Now one of the high priests of this cult dashes the cup of expectation from the lip, and derides the idea that evolu tion, or, as he prefers to name it, the cosmic process, is in any wise a guarantee for ethical progress. According to Professor Huxley, in his Romanes Lecture last week at Oxford, immoral sentiments have been as naturally evolved as moral sentiments, and have the same sanction in Nature. " The thief and the murderer follow Nature just as much as the philanthropist." The survival of the fittest he admits to be, as we have always contended that it was, the survival of the physically strongest. Ethical considera tions have comparatively little to do with it. Given a few degrees more cold, and only the lichens would survive. Change it to a few degrees more heat, and all but tropical growths would be extinguished. Add to this, what Huxley did not broach, the astronomical prediction that one day our globe shall melt in fervent heat, and what becomes of ethical progress and the hope for the future upon a mere evolutionaiy basis? Plainly the evolu tionist ought to be a pessimist, if he be strictly logical. Either there is no rational obligation to live ethical lives, or else there must be a future existence. For all natural science proves that there is no place in Nature for the ethical man. His environment is in favour of physical energy, but very little productive of, or conducive to the development of the finer traits of character. The need of the policeman always in reserve is because there is no dependable nature process by which right can be made to prevail socially. If, as Huxley says, men have instinctive preferences for the beautiful over the ugly, the Professor should move a step onwards and allow that there is a conscience in man which always consents to the opinion that there is a good and an evil. Nor is such good and evil solely differentiated to us by pain. We are not solely attracted towards the good because it is comfortable, nor repelled from the evil because it is attended with suffering. The evil men may flourish and the good men may be depressed, and yet there is a something in us which yields homage to the good. Professor Huxley has struck a heavy blow at the optimism of the Naturists. " The practice of that which is ethically best — what we call goodness or virtue — involves a course of conduct which in all respects is opposed to that which leads to success in the cosmic struggle for existence." We could not ourselves accept this without considerable qualification. But it is a smart stroke upon some of the thinkers on his own side. Another, possibly unconscious, admis- ision the Professor makes. He speaks of the human mind " being very much what it was six and twenty centuries ago." If that be so, what becomes of the suppo- sition that all our mental qualities are the product of successive stages of evolution, and of hereditary modification from the ape ? For the human mind to be constant in its judgment and its powers over twenty-six hundred years, argues little likelihood of much change either in the past or in the future. We do not know how, historically, men can escape from this opinion about mental constancy. It is one of the arguments Sir William Dawson most tellingly employed against the Evolutionists. Who can read the modern discoveries of Egyptian literature, and feel that in ethical reasoning we are much ahead of either ancient Babylonians or Ancient Egyptians ? Present the same moral facts to the observation of an Egyptian, a Chaldean, a Greek, and an Englishman, and how far would the con- clusions vary ? Very little indeed. Probably, by-and-by some of our scientific friends will concede that even Adam was an intelligent old gentleman. It is most interesting to watch this return to common sense, and to acceptance of the experience of history after twenty and thirty years of advanced views and of sceptical material ism. Men are once again reduced to the old conclusion, that there is much more in heaven and earth than has been dreamt of in their philosophy. We may venture to remind them that this missing factor, which has dropped from their considera- tion, and for which they are groping, is faith in God and in Providence. Chrysippus said, as quoted by Huxley, " Give me a doctrine, and I will find the reason for it." This bias towards special pleading has been the delusion of man through all time. Few men think for themselves, whilst of those who do, the majority are occupied in defending posi tions which they have come to hold, though profoundly unconscious of the reason of them. This was the mistake of Cardinal Newman. In all his writings, if you grant the premises, the inferences are irresistible. For hundreds of years the school-men were immersed in specula tions, the fundamental principles of which were misleading. Roman Catholics are for ever building their new aggressive garrisons upon ground acquired, but not justified. Scientific men have been, and we suppose will again and again be caught in the same bewildering trap. A theory of evolution was started, and forthwith every fact and incident of human life was fitted into this theory. We are looking now for the new theory, whatever it may be, which scientists will propound, and feel certain that when it is announced; the old habit will revive and adapt itself to the new manifestations. Wise men are chary of their hospitality to novel theories, whether in Church, or in State, or in Science. "Wise men also are careful to examine, and to re-examine, the foundations of the theories already current. To be prepared to give a reason for the faith that is in us means that we have investigated honestly and inde- pendently the bases of that faith— it does not mean that, having embraced the faith, we are with subtle ingenuity manufacturing plausible reasons for that faith. On one point we agree with Pro- fessor Huxley, though not for his reasons. He bids us " cast aside the notion that the escape from pain and sorrow is the proper object of life." Never more than in this utilitarian and comfortless age was such advice needed. — English Church- man. 1 Writing: by Proxy.—" Animpor- -''tant biuauL oi Jittivarj baamcsB now.adaya Is. . iiWriiicg ,by proxy," aaid a pn.bliaber to an , interviewer repreS'.nticg a weekly magazine. " This is a busy world, and tbeie are a good many people in it who, having no time to prodnoe matter foir pablication themselves, employ others to do it for them. For example, one of the beat known pbyaioians in this oonhtry baa also a oonBiderable rnpntation aa a littdratenr. He has pnbliabed a number of learned medical works, besides several volnmea of fiotion. Not one of them baa been written by himself. " I am," he went on to aay, " also acqnain- ted with a diatingniahed barrister, who employs a newspaper man of ability, with whom he is on confidential terms, to write articles regnlarly for bim. They are mostly on topics which have some reference to law. The barrister signs his name to them, and the jonrnalist receives his pay. This Is advan- tageonstobotb, baoauBe the barrister's repnta- tlon makes the .articles fetch doable or even treble what the newspaper man conld sell them for as his own. The barrister also pro- dnces abont fonr short stories for migazlnes every jrear. These also are written by the joarnaliat, who gets £1 a piece for them, while the barrister signs bis name and is content with the glory." What mnst be the feelings.abont this . basinesB of tha wives of those gentlemen, all ronnd. more Converts.— By. the .consent of bis Grace the Archbishop .of.Dablin, a service from the old Litnrgy of .the Ohnroh.ot Ireland was nsed in the Miseion Obntch, Dablin, on a recent Snnday, when twenty-six adnlt con verts from the Ohnrch of Borne were admitted into the fellowship of the Ohnroh of Ireland. The ceremony is a very simple one. The converts make a short statement of tbair having renonnoed the errors of Rome, and their intention to adhere to the doctrines and praotioes of the Obnroh of Ireland for the fntnre, believing them to be in oonformity with the Soriptnrea. After this declaration, and snbseqaent brief prayer on behalf of the oonverte, eaoh of them is admitted into fellowship by the minister taking the convert by the hand, at the same time repeating' the words: "By virtue of the authority com mitted to me, I do, upon this thy solemn pro fession and earnest request, receive thee iiito the holy oommnnion of the Obnroh of Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Moat of these oonverts are parents of children attending the aohools of the Irish Ohnroh Missioiia in Dablin, all having received the knoirledge of the truth through the instrumentality of that Society. Cellbacjr«—E' Premier Mercier of Qaebeo, the old friend of the Jesnits, has bad a kind of change of heart lately. The hostility of the priests toward him sinoe bis political downfall baa revived in bim his former radicalism. In a speech delivered before the Letellier Olob of Montreal Mr. Meroier said with reference to the Provinoe of Qaebeo : " Why are the Frehoh Oanadians and the OatbolicB divided as they are in Parliament ? The oanse lies in the ednoation they receive. This ednoation Is bad. It does not teach children to lift np their heads like freemen. If they bad been tangbt their rights as free men they wonld not await the dictations of a prieeior of a bishop; they wonld think for themselves. Now the clergy who have led them to the battle-field abont this question (the Manitoba school qnestion) want to go back. It is time to let thsm know that this is aqaestion of nationality as well as of religion. The protection of the race belongs to the fathers of this race. He who has not the eonrage to support a wife or raise np a family is not competent to speak when the rack is threatened." This laet tbrnst at olerfcal celibacy has cansed a tremendons nproar in Qaebeo, coming from enoh an alleged friend of Rome, a Papal knight and Roman oonnt at that. Still Mr. Mercier has not taken beok the offensive words. Plurses — It is long since Diokens, in bis sketch of Mrs. Gam, indicated the sbort- cominge of the nnrslng sisterhood. It nsed to be. thonght that every woman was a born- nurse. Now we are in danger of oecillating to the other extreme and ousting some of the best, nnrses, the wives and dunghters, in favonr- of certified hirelings. The Royal British Nnrses' Assooiatlpn has obtained its charter, and will only register those who have bad three years' trainiiig In a properly ap pointed institution. This is well, bat there are two vices of nnrses-T-drankenness and arbitrariness. The former may be exposed ; the latter Is even inoreased by modern pre-, oantlone. Woe nnto the invalid, nnlees he or : she be poor. Dootora and nurses, like vultures .to their prey, poutice upon the nnbappy victim, and shnt ont. forthwith both family and friends. To the monotony of the doctor's Bcientifio invastigationB and the nnree's diota- .torial directions the poor enfferer is helplessly, oonsighed. In anrgioal oases, where frequent dreeaings are reqaired, or in infectiona ailments where a sanitary oordon mnst be drawn round the qnfor-tnnate patient, it will be necessary to have the trained nurse. But in most other siokneeees the tonoh of affeotion ia the beet medidine, and we must protest against too much deepotiam of either doctor or nurse. Xlie Union not a fallnre.— Lord Salisbury at the Bslfast assemblage aaid : We say the Uuion has. been a enaceBB- a greater snocess than any form of government which ever has existed in Ireland, or, as f «r as . one ctn see, wbiob can be established there. (Hear, hear.) Even In the three Sonthern provinces nobody oan obntend that since that wreck of all things, the famine of 1848, the standard of comfort amongst the reasants has Act been greatly , rused. uiat thtir opndition has not been vastly improved, and probably SB mnoh material progress made as in any oonntry in Earope in the same time, consider ing the position of things from which it started. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Gladetone himself, . at Leeds in 1881, said—" I do not believe there Is a labonring popnlation of Ireland. Let me look at the farming class, which constitqteB the eat bod of the nation. Forty years ago the deposits In ths Irish banks— indica tions of their savings — were five millions. There ere now. of deposits, which represent almost wholly the honest savings of the Irish farmers, £30,00(),000. If I am to speak of moral profrees I say it has been remarkable. These are ihdioations of real progress. They are enconragements to persevere, to fall back npon that etook of patience by which it is that a nation grows great, and when it bee grown great keep its greatness." Well, here in the North, in this great mannfaotoring city, the centre and the heart of the enterprise and indnstry of the Obnnties of Down and Antrim, the Lancashire of Ireland, the eye rests every where oh those great faotories and bonnting- honaes, docks, and establisbmenta whiohare not only monnmente of yonr wealth, energy, and progress, bat witnesaea to the worth and excBllenco of that form of government nnder wboBB laws and adminstration yon have en joyed the commerioal freedom, seonrity, and o der which have made that progress possible and enabled everyone amongst yon to employ his energies in whatever direction he considers best and in peace to reap the frnita of his labonrs. (Hear, hear.) 'YeB, Belfast and the mannfactnring towcs whioh clnster aronnd it are the material proofs of the saooess.of the Union, while the spirit and reaolation.whioh animate yonr sons and the loyalty and con tentment which prevail amongst yon are the loyal and spiritaal proofs that nnder it yon have breathed the air of freedom and enjoyed the bleesfngs of a jnat, a generons, and an equal rule. (Hear, hear.) If the other parts of Ireland have not advanced as rapjdly as yon have done, the fault is not in the iaws and form of government. These were the same for both. (Load cheers.) 