FOOTBALL MENS. BY "WAT TYRRELL." Since my last mems Sandhurst has beaten the Bendigo; Eaglehawk has put both the North and the South Bendigo through; and the Bondigo has scored an easy victory over fchn rod and white. No alteration Lus there fore taken place with regard to the order the various clubs were in for the premiership, but. the contest for first honors rests entirely between the cardinals and the blues. Although both have the same number of points tho former are well in the van with the fine per oontago of 80, whilst tho latter stand at a little over 73. Tho Norths are still third but are completely distanced, having only 46 per cent of the possible points, while Bendigo stands fourth and tho Souths fifth with 34 and nearly 20 per cent, respectively, Tho only interest now centered in football oirolos is in the match Bendigo v. Englehawlr, and in case of a win by tho latter, tho final match between that club and tho cardinals. The Eagles have three matches to play and if they got home io all throe, and if the cardi nals como in first in throe out of tho four matches they yet have to play, a tie will ho the-result; but should Bendigo boat the blues in their next match the Sandhurst must bo premiers, and the strong winged Eagles again have to put up with the position of runners up. There will bo in that case no interest in the final match, cardinals v. blues, and the football season will practically bo ended be fore the last match is played, it may be argued that Bendigo has yet to meet the Sandhurst and may put them through, which contingency would of course put a different complexion on the game, but I do not think Ihoy will, and I will give my reasons anon for so slating. "With regard to tho Norths effect ing a surprise I cannot reckon their chances, as not turning up in one match and starting with only 14 men in another aro not auspicious facts. To sum up the foregoing it seems that all going well the final result will be tbat the cardinals and Eagles will fight out the premiership in their last match and that the former will have tho advantage of a draw yielding fhom the palm, whilst (ha latter al though victorious, will still have to meet their opponents again, or, /n othoy words, the bluos to come In on top most boat, not only ilio Bondigo and-South Bendigo, but the Sandhurst Uvioo. Tho question arises is thlB possible? It is, but under circumstance# that X will draw attention to, highly improbable. Tho Eagles have not boon playing nearly so well lately. Take thdir last two matches for example and to o certain extent they wore lucky. In tho contort against South they only won by a goal and in my opinion would hove boon beaten bad tho play continued another fifteen minutes as tho red and white were over* hauling them very fast—having started badly through being handicapped by having only 17 players. On last Wednesday tho Norths bad not their best team and actually started with only 14 men, and wore by no moans run rings around, (he play being at times very equal indeed. Now tor tho other sido of tbo pie* turo. Tho Sandhurst seem to bo improving every match. In thoir .last trial of skill with tho Norths, who had a good team, the yellow and black wore actually played with and never had a ghost of a chance from start to finish. Again on Wednesday tho Bendigo did simply what they liked with tho Souths and should, according to tho ploy, havo hod 12 or 15 goals, but tho cardinals on tho previous Wednesday were as much too good for tho Bendigo as tho rod aod blue wore for tho rod and while. Tho logical deduction therefore that if tho blues and tho red and white ore now playing pretty equally, but tho Bendigo stands hood and shoulders over the South Bendigo, and tho oardidals arc as good again as tho rod and blue, then what show have the blues ? According to'this,—none.|But still what a gallant fight they made at the model borough tbo other day. To defeat Sandhurst twice and wipe out tbo Bendigo who showed splendid form last Wednesday see ms to mo a hopeless task. Still lot tho blues stand by their old motto, nil dosperaodum, and who knows though all are against them they may yet hold pride of place. Tho air is still thick with rumors of certain oluhs out of tho running not doing their best when pitted against certain others. I dealt at great length with this matter in my last as far as tho yellow and black players wore concerned. I now fool it a duty to deal with tho rod and blue. When tho Bendigo and Sandhurst met tho other day it was common talk all over tho ground that it was an arranged ft (lair and the longest odds to nothing could have boon obtained against tho former. When tho Bendigo moot tho Engles shortly, will tho odds bo very groat? Certainly Viet, But why not? Have not tho blues shown themselves nearly equal to tho cardinals? Yos, but still mark what I say:—There will ho no twos to ouo against the Bendigo, but it will very Hkoly bo ovens. Is this state of affairs tho fault of tho committee or players of tho Bendigo? Of tho committee, cor tainlv not. Of tho players, from what 1 can see it is not thoir fault either, still it requires explanation why snob a miserable team entered tho field ogninsl tho Sandhurst. Then whoro are wo to look for tho reason? In my opinion it is this:—Although tho Bondigo may loavo no stone unturned to win, a groat num ber fancy that this is not so and say tho rod andliluo would nob win if they could against Sandhurst, so that tho Eagles may not be tho premiers. This opinioh was very generally’ hold before tho Bondigo appeared on tho Hold in their matob' against the cardinals, but when that apology for a team did step into tho arena it was nothing bat laughter nil over tho ground and it was a common ob servation to hoar 11 Oh, thoy thought they would ho found out if they did not do their best, so they stayed away." As a writer 1 naturally made enquiries why certain mem bers wore absent and am perfectly satisfied except in tho oaso of two men who could have turned up if they had wished. Two most important points hinge on tho fore going for tho host consideration of tho com mittee of tho Bendigo Football Club. Tbo first is that in justice to thomsolvoa they should publish tho names of every first twenty man absent with tho reason given for such absonoo,' and thoir own opinion as to tho bona-fidos ot each individual case, - If this he not done they will do their club no good beoauso those who are not in a position to know why so many wore obsonfc, ascribe n different, and in most cases, as I know from enquiry, an unjust reason. The point that wants consideration is:—Would it not only bo fair and sportsmanlike, to put tho same team in the field against tho Eagles as played against tho Sandhurst? On this point thoro will no doubt bo two sides to look at, viz, do justice to tho Eagles and tho othor do justice to our club. Which view should bo takoa tho committee will no doubt look at from overy standpoint and without expressing my own view, I raise tho point hoping that it will at least ho thought worthy of some attention. Thoro is certainly a difiioulty in tho matter as many reasons could be advanced on cither sido. To oonoludo tho argument if tho Bondigo want to play thoir best available toonr against tlur bVacu-itrinuartr Wuhftwm-M X • ask above, tho reason for tho absonoe of so many of tho very host raon when playing against tbo Sandhurst. Further I think that tho Association,which is a body constituted in tho interests of tho gamo should, if the rod and blue do not, voluntarily furnish the in formation call on that club to do so. Tbo Norths havo boon called on _ for tho reason thoir club did not turn up against tho Souths and this caso is almost on a par, in fact raoro important still as tho ono match would have had no effect on tho premiership, whilst tho othor had a most important bearing on tbo result. In tbo match on Wednesday between tho Bondigo and Souths tho former showed to greater advantage than at any previous match this season. They playod with a dash that reminded ono of thoir form Inst year and if thoy only koop it up in tho other .throe matches yot to take place thoy may occupy third position. Kershaw as usual showed splendid football. Burtonolay, also again camo out of his shell. Kelly, although it was his first appearance this year was of gront service to his sido. Trowartha was a host in himself. Tyaok was not at his best Harding was as good as over. Tho Griffiths brothers did splendid work. Lyons was in groat form. Butler was ono of the best. Storey and Minter followed well and did rough useful work. Forgusson missed mahy good things. Carroll was an absentee. Throe men played without uniform; there is no exouso for this. Williams for tho rod and whito was gom of tho first water. Smith is one of tho best players in tho district. Hardy defended goal in magnificent stylo. Luke was not up to his high standard. Roberts was only in his own road. O’Halloran did very little. Tho others do not call for any special mention. The match at North Bondigo on Wednesday at ono time looked as if it would end in a free fight, in fact at an early stage of the game a real pugilistic display did take place. It is to bo hoped that the B. F. Association will not lot this exhibition fall through, but will bring to book those taking part and show once and for all that players must keep their temper in tbo field and play tho game in a spirit of true rivalry and without seeing which side is tbo hotter ns regards fisticuffs. Considering tho team tho yellow and blaok showed out prominently and seemed more iu accord than for some time bock. It is pleas ing to nolo that this team, which to all ap pearances scorned about to go to pieces, have pulled themselves together again, and are likely to finish tho season, in a creditable manner. That they do so is tho forvont wish’ of a goodly" number of supporters, who recog nise that thoy have men at tho bead of their affairs who aro second to no othor committee in tho distriot. A good fight against Ben digo next week may bo looked for, os the posi tion of third on the list in a great measure depends on tho result, as if tho red and blue win thoyjjwill ho within two points of tho Norths, and may ultimately go ahead of them. All tbo senior clubs in tbo district now scorn to find a groat difficulty in putting 20 men in tbo field. At one time it was a matter of whom can we leave out ? Now it is a caso ot whom can wo got ? If two or three players aro unavoidably absent there is a run ning about to find substitutes to fill tho gup irrespective of thoir claims as footballers of ■ ability. Tho rcasoh of this is mainly attri butable to the great, absorbing, and increas ing interest in the ranks of the juniors, but oven so, a \vell-ininnged senior team should certainly havo atHbafft 30 good playing mem bers, and so they weald wore tho attractions hold out to good men noroasod. But when 'players that should be in the team are left out time after time, thoy naturally join tbo ranks of the juniors whore they are sure of a game. Again, I believe the juniors are in some oases better managed than the seniors, and some how or other thoro seems more unity of pur pose. and less bickering in the younger oluhs. For this thoro must bo some cause, and tbo older bodies sbould find out tho reason, and where practicable wipeout tho causo of tbo dissatisfaction, when the result would be to thoir own great and lasting advantage. The umpiring on Wednesday was bettor than the average.' Kerr showed some of bis old form, and taken as a whole was very good. Ho was impartial, strict, and fairly fast, and but few-mistakes were made.' Con don also was in good form, bnt tbo game was rougher than it should have been, ft is to be hoped ho took notice of those offending, and will put in a full and clear report to the Bondigo Football Association, so that the offending players-may be dealt with. If the. same satisfactory umpiring were shown in all matches there would scarcely be need for out side umpires. ' 