THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. 130OK iI. TriPrARKINl FOil Hii WOnIK, « *-4------- CHAPTER- XIV.-(Contiued), "1 My dear young m1'," he said at length, " you are sadly mistaken." " Am I,"replied Andrew; "then Ishould be very glad if you'd put me right.", " If you'd seen the glorious revivals we've had up here, you would not talk like you havebeen doing." "I'vo not a word to say against rovivals," replied Andrew, " Anything that will stir up these people to think of things other than those of which they are constantly. thinking is good, But what I want to see is the practical results of your revivals, I will admit there are a iarge number of good people in the parish, but I have like wise been amazed by the immorality which exists. You know it is afact that the con verta of one winter are the backsliders of the next, and that out of a great number who profess conversion, only a few remain Christian." Henry sighed. T'his was true. The young man had put his finger on a groat weakness. "And it is no wonder," continued An drew. "No wonder! iTow?" "Because nothing is done for them., , Excepting one night a fortnight, your b chapol and schoolroom doors are closed a from Sunday to Sunday, and thoose people odn go whore they like, What wonder, b amidst the loneliness of their life, that they seek diversion in ways that lead them astray." "'Inero bo. the class mectin's, young Mnan." "Do many go to them, pray ?" a Henry shook hie head. " Very few," he , muttered, I "I went to one," Andrew continued, "Old Amos Crews took me." di "You went to a class moctin'! Aw, yes, i I hcoerd about it," r " Well, I don't wonder that young people f don't care about going, The leader had prepared nothing that would interest oe g help. Hie simply droned out a few worn out platitudes." I a "Ha spoke as the Spirit gave him utter anco, young man." a Androw was silent. An answer spran to his lips, but he did not give utterance t i it. It would seem irreverent, n "The only power to savo is religion of young mn," asserted Henry, w "1 agree with you," replied Andren p S"but it mustbo a real rligion-a religio 'touching every phase of life, and fathoim h ing the deepest human needs. A religio like you were telling me about in thii t hymn you quoted is a caricature of real r , ]!gion," ;, . enry would have replied, but ho heard . his daughter coming into the house. list "Will you use your influence, and get forc your Church to take up this matter ?" An drew asked, seeing him hesitate. "No, young man. Our chapel and th schoolroom was built as the house of God, I will never consent for it to become a club.room d Bloth church and chapel had refused him,, ve then, for he know that Henry Yolland was Mi as much a master at the chapel as the rector was at hoe church. Certainly the leaders of religion were against him. Andrew enjoyed his tea thoroughly. Cor. tainly Henry was a poor exponent of his religion, if that religion was the one ex. pressed in Charles Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with good food. A great ham, meat pasties, the remains of a huge chicken pie, and abundance of clotted 1 cream were placed on the table, while cakes and tarts were brought forward in great varieties. L ertainly, whatever might be the condition of the poor farm labourer, Mr Yelland f red sumptuously every day. An After tusa ut faunly went to chapel, An- poor drew being placed in Hlenry's paw. He condl found the place nearly full, andt unusual oniul interest was manifested. Andrew found U I that thu church had been trying to "got up WN , revival," and on this night they expected sin a'breakdown among the tuiconverted. . Houry preached. a remarkable sermon, Mike and on this occasion mado a great offect. I will not try and reproduce it. If I did I ihould he accused of irreverence, for many of his statements would shook many who bin save never attended a revival meeting in algn( Loamshire. Hli took for his text, " The bim vages of sin is death," and spent his whole boet ?owcra in trying to tell the moaning of i loath, which in his conception was a con- yo u msious eternal torture. 11e quoted the lethodist catechistu,,which said that the 0icked would be punished in hell by hav- gtvei ag their bodies tormented by fire, avd houL heir souls by a sense of the wiath of God. "I e, mnioreover, cnlarged on the idea that high 1heso tormente would last for .ever and 'tea And yet the mai who preached this " ould cratk a joke with the best at the thle 1 ight time-thas ia to say, on holiday oo irenl usiens, markct days, salas, and so on, while to could ect roast beef and plutu-pudding supp ith a splendid appetite, At length the seormon came to an end, ard the prayer-meeting commenced. Now you amo the time when the Loamsnire charac-* or shone out, A great fear, almost iore mounting to a panic, had laid hold of Bee many of tihe peopole, who commenced to G groan. There was manifest sincerity, too, paid. and a serious look settled on their faces. '( And this was scarcely wondeoful. Fancy, thot if you can, a place nearly ten miles from a ' gas lamp, where the iueoplo had been soves aught for l.ng generations to believe in ethi ghosts, apparitions, satanic visitations, and i so forth, and then think .of the effoeat of eyes preaching fearful doctrines. Moreover, it dee was a dark night, and some had to go long distances alone. Elivery bush would be ai( thosi unearthly visitant, overy sound tihe foot- certs stop of boo dead. Tihe hymns they sangi whal too, were calculated to arouse every bit of whal atent superatition in their natures. I tni Andrew listened in wonder, The peoplo did not sing unmusically, but. the words his were terrible;- qu "We shall seo the Judge descending,, hou In that groat day, forg Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet vale S,$haill go sounding through the.vilo. whil of tl "1We shall see the graves all opening j him In the old churchyard, Whilas llio mighty, mighty trumpet, otc ue " Wo shall hear the devils howling man In bthat groat day, T r. Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, oto, me 'Theso words were set to a weird, creepy few ind of nnusio, and as at the close of each won Vrse nearly the whole congregation burs H forth with the following refrain;- e ° "Turn, poor sinner, and escape eternal find ire, " - : ' ' talc For you'll have to atued the lire in that pro] g. reatday"- t h e Andrew began to foeel somethiggof thh tbo influence of a.revival meeting, diff .And yet there .were:no penitoents. .Th on1 troth was tho -poople were aoaustomnied tb p this kind of thing, and while it exorted an ladi influence, many regarded it as a matter o1 trai ourse. hen o ~s the moeetieg went on, the noise be. the wamo great. One or two commenced to the shout, three' or four prayed at one time, had until quieot thought was almost impossible Thi I will not describo this mooting f urthor, the or I shall, perchance, be accused of dealing lippnautly with a solemn theme. l'or the Aw same reason I will not reolai the conve.rs tion which followed boy su o. the prin- the cip al tl nm bers of the .. .urch. A t th, e am • ie, if Ilam t) tcll the story of Andrew airfax, I must necessarily refer to this part of his life. Neithcr would I he accused of lack of syispathy with roegious revivals 3 -nayV I have every belief in tleii, le'O tri fled they ar gnuii Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind or mooting : have described. The people are not ve.ý susceptible to finer in luenow, b.heir verj conditioa of life had rondereal theon sa sluggish and lethargio tfhat only.tbp. ijn. fineness which appealed to thl?ci go?iSee natures had much effect upon thruii, Andrew, however, did not fnd lhe nroet ing helpful. To the young an' whose surroundings had been different, oo.d,*hose intolleot had been trained, the teachlng and general influence werercpugn°at, S much was this so that when hle tw'asked about his own spiritual condition, he was led to give expression to some very.?-?,duk words, IHe told- those peoplo that thler' conception of God and religion was op. posed to what was boat and truoet, and that its power would grow less year by year. The young man left the chapel with a bad name, ,tud it was hinteol that say 'one holding such opinions as his was sullioi6nt to ftill any revival. Andrew wont home with a sad heath, i0e fels as though he could do nothing: Tho' hlorgyman had doeclined to help hintitho± people at the chapel evidently regdwled him as a dangerous young man. Mean. whilo the villagers dragged out a weary, ,sinful existence. They had nothing that raveinterest to their lives, nothing to re i no or ennoble them. As for their future, inly a painful old ago anad the workhoue troed, themo in the face, ' \- It is true that both church and chapel' xisted, but what did they do 'Tao' ormer adhered to anoient forms and con. entional methods, but it had lost touch rith the people, The great vaulbtlike iilding was opened only one day a ?eok, ad then it was nearly empty. As forthe hapel, there were activity and earnestness ut the work done was one-sided and ~in. Itleicut, The people. did not seeos to' alizo that the same laws prevailed in thel piritual as in the natural realm, and thus "o was without its true joy. They camnd great deal about saving people fromu hell id getting them to heaven, but as to try. ig to make this world less like hell asd ore like hoevau, by boettering the physlalj id social conditions of the people, they i not regard that as al part of their' ligion. For weeks together there was' thiing to interest or amune great numbirs the pcoplc, and thus somiolow they lost ip of that which was purely emotional, d No d-ubt both chapeol ana church did ans ouent of good, buhot they both lacked that: sial clement, that regtrd for this work-a-i y world, whereby. they could have beeon treat power for good, "Oh," though Andrew, "if some broad-i nded young curate and some thorough-I ing minist :r could comn to thslo placesj worship, and then unitedly go to work,I at a change could be wrought heres i ligion could be made a thousand times ro to them than it is now-but it cannot I suppose. What's to be done, then P': Jo stopped a mninute in the road, as if i I uiht had struck him. Yes, I'll go," he said to himself; "I i. She paid but little attention to imy I or, but if I can see her, surely shai will r en, oven although she thinks I am por. I eo a farm servant." Is that you, AMr Fairfax P" man had overtaken him and spoken ato him, t I've bin wantin' to speak to you oal " he went on, " "My two children be q bad ; they'ro chunoked up in the throat, old Iehns ov gived me noatico tolaive, it I'm to do I doan' k?aw," 0!APTgi XV. . .. F.aIp TO FAUC, ' So.to begin at the beginulin' g An' come dirootly to the pint,' .' i, I think the country's underpinuiun' . Is solme consid'ble onuto' jith?t. Saina't a.goin' to try your patience.o By tollin' who done this or thote. I don'tnake no insinooations,- I jest lot on l amell'a rat." -Blatow PArrlb drew recognised the man. He1 was a. s fellow whose house was in a miserable a ition, and whose faintly,: seven..j a bar, had to. sloop in the asmaneroen. g had-soeught to -befriend hin inimniny sv ,.and so,;no doubt, Mr Bot?ns had:d led hhnrout'for'spoeal dealing t [lave you paid the rent regularly P"' d the young man, i as, sur, I have." Chen why is he turning you out P" " Iwo, I' 'fraid he do knaow as 'ow you've 'indl- to moe hotter you'd left me 3I 'cause if you had, :'shud still ov abloeto stay on, a ad hads s.'tps, a d !r than the side of the bhadge. t don't know. Your, children are ill, ,ay ." '' ' : 'fraud they've got lthat tlio'eii?' tnd no doubt it's th'u: ihouea that lhas 1 it to them. - D)byou know of anoteor d a OmptyP , " as, sur, thor's wawn a liut that's a: rent, and. do belong to the lady, so to good.t' 1 ,ad that's the only house P:' ' o L'her's another 'bout a mile away blt ouse is a big one. 1 auddn't payth eVoll, we'll soee. When are you sup osed to leave P" " , )hristmas." Tell, don't trouble about that, Ihave c ad the doctor for your children f" iia o, I oann't. I' halin't: got a ponny 'n what'll buy a bit of suturmin to nit. los, he do live five mile away," io and fetch him, 1'11 seoo that ho'i )ai the Loard bless 'oe, stir; !bilt Ill saina'll serve you out somehow," Vell, let him, But stay, hero's a :ejign. If the doctor will not comeo swise, pay himn on the spot."' ' to man hurried away with tears in hi while Andrew walked on thinking fy. . Ihank God that editor has scnt'.me i cheques," he muttered. "1I shall duly be able to do soinetlngi but t lan do is nothing compared witlh f Miss Leoant ought to do, fhall I go ihht ? It's Sunday, but.-" a hesitated a second, asd then turned 'ao towards the great house,. ' ' Swas not long in reaching it, andwas' ly admitted. •Once inside the 'great I io, Andrew forgot social distinetions- ot that it was Sunday, , The agonised a of poor Bill Watte rang in his cars) , it the picture of the miserable eottaged to poor farm'labourcre p?e?redabefo e Andrew .1airfax, did you 'say P' said' servant, as he gave his name,. Androw ],airfax," repeated the youngi ho servant asredat -hlm, but tool his age to her mistress, and returned i seconds later, saying that Miss Lce?an I Id see him, e followed the orviant in' a somoewhat liol mood. 1I0 had never seen Mins ant to his knowledge, and expeooted to a grina, hard-festred, woman., cr, 1 sly tne letter shelo had sent him did nob muiso anything very favorable, and whesi' door opened, and ho was Usheored into soly furnished room, he wondered how owner of such a hontouse could be so in, erent to the welfare of the poor cottagers the estate. ly the side of the fireplace sat twei ies, who both turned at Androw's en5 ace, and then his heart gave a great ad. The younger of the two ladies wao one whoso horse hlie had guided througlt fields not long before, and whom hq L seen at church that very moraing. sir eyes Umet, and a rosy flush mIantlet young lady's cheeks. Ahlndew 1"airfas " she said, as if in 'Iy name is Andrew Fairfax," rellile young man. I saw you yo.dterdsay P" And this morning," replited he. Lie hbad altogether forgotten that the was arm lalouIrer, and spolco as an eqal- tke, too, as one who did not intend beinig Iled with, SI had umarcely Iline to thank you,e' Ssite said, "my horse botindod, away quickly," Andrew felt himself faslcnated 9by 'li influence, It was longa'soiio e hbad ibeo in auiot ro9mu,.adUmot with suoh lad Hid knsee that heo hlid alricdy begun-to fir eoustes for her, and to aotuse himself runesOs, -,,Of course she would not troub about the cottages on her casto I of cours it was the ateward's work to attend to a these things, and he- was -vory pri sumptuous--rude to dare to como there i such a?way, Only for a minute, however, did he or tortain these feelings. . Perhaps it was th cool stare of the older lady. whosat besid Miss Levant that touched his pride pt'i haps for a second he remembeored that th young lady looked very coldly on him,. i;' I did not come because of. that,", h said coldly. " light 1 ask for why you -camne P" shi said, " Surely your business must be o: importance to bring you on a Sundal night I" "You are right; it is of importanoo otherwise I would not have troubled you Perhaps you remember the letter I wrote you, aliss lezast." , Perfeotly well. It was answered," '"Pardon me; Idoinot think so, It is true I received a note saying you referred all these matters to your stoward, but I do not think such an answer is sufftllont." "I. cannot talk: with you to-night; o busincs, I mustt ask that the inatter be postponed. Is there anytling elseo about which you wish to see msue P'' " 'There are"- many- things about which I wouldlike tq pspeak to'yoiu;but. to-night I mus' prea?sth0lo qustionyoutivduld tisinises,' The older lady looked at him 1~iughtily. " Young man, do you know to whom you are speaking P" she said, .. . am speakitng to-Miss i Lczait, pwnor of thn ,s?hvator srEutto,," ililied?indrasi, with a touch of 'passion in his voice. ". On that estate are dozens of- houses not flet to kennel dog.. In one of those houses are two clildsren lying, illI-wlth dphtbhoria. 'ho diphthoria has been brought on by the unhealthy condition of the house, 'J'he roofis thatch;. it lIts in water,-. 'Theo:walla are green with damp. The floor is as wet se mud, while smotterod over the room are basins placecdto 'catch' the watei'-wlitich !rops from the roof. The house has, but one bedroom, and in it nine people have to sloop l seven children-two of whom are ill with diphthoria-and their pareints,. Phat house isa picturer o: several others.; ~hss Lezant risolves rent for those houses, but I do not believe she is acquainted with hoe true state of affairs" The great brown oyes'of Miss Lezrtit lashed strangely, . . ' s.1whan b you havoe said true P" she asked auskily., "1.hali vltslted theo uotigus myself, and Ian vouch for;tho truth of my?-words., lBe' ides, the man whose ohildren are illucato o.imo this very'dvening, and told me that iEr Beans, in whom you. have-sucl 'con Idenee, has given him notice that he must olve at Jhristmhans. ''ho mIan has no eoncy, and hob knows of no house to which o can go." "Impossible I" "I have told you thO truth." "But I have hoard nothiu.-of these lungs. No complaimtahave reoach ed ms." " Very likdly. The cottagers are afraid f your stosard, becaOua they know what ower hehis. .He has your full consent to o as he likes, and. he has the reputation fbeing a cruel, vindictive roan. Wlhen I 'ont to lhim, he ordered me out of his ouse. Hence imy letter to you." MeIs Lezant looired keenly at Andrew. ertainly he had every appearanuce of a ontloman-he spoke as one, too. Bhe was ia dileman as to how sho should treat "And you have no fear of. Mr Beans i" "I know no reason why I should fear t. Pardon me, but you areo-" "11 am Andrew k'airfar.. My father used Sfarm Trevadlook, but he died when I as a ohild. , lam a servent on the farm t resont," toe spoke proudly, as though .he had a rim satianacteion In aolinugg the proutl lady, ,hojo'lior:s)lh Isid ledo,wh'atl, he was. ito ahjtstlwtou toal her thast he wss roared as endorly and etlucated as earolully as she; a might have claimed equality with her, gut utch las not- his humour. " You ,wbre a soldier, were you not ?" klled the old lady, "No, madam, 1.was nevera soldier," ; Mlr Beans said yourwore " . I' I wee nsvers a soldier, mylam, l, 8 o'not sc' iwhat 'my trade or profession has odo with my purpose in oiming hero." S-But what can I do? P"- aked Misse tizant. " I think the loiat you can do is to in-' uire into'tho life'of the people who are so ependenton you," ho said. "It could do b harm if you were to look into their ouses and see how tliey live,".., "But Mr ROeans tells me thecottagers are roll off, and- to interfere with. them : would nly blreed.dscontent," ;,.. . . "'And you prefer'to listen to Mr beans P": A quick flash faom her eyes was her only newer ito him. !I wish to know,".continued Andrew, becauso the poor fellow whoe spoke fo ma' ras nearly mad. It will moan the deRath Ihis children if they, uro turned out at+ uch a time, espeoially if they have no lace to which they cn go," ,!'lmust speak to Mr Boains,". ' "And be guided by him P!' " Heroyes flasheod angrily again i evidently heo did not wish to toll him her intentions. '' I shall do whatI doom best" she anid1 a no very oncouraging voioo. "You will investigate the slatwmonts I ave made P" . ' I shall nmake no promises as tow what I hall do. Probably I shall nat seoe lit to ,panythingy at all.". Egidently she was ugry at this young matl, who was so angeroesly pernisteont, .: i" Pardon me," said Andrew, "bitt a 'sime btg-natt bdt done," I SYOs te, oinunt," "Indeed,. I would like ts,lknow by what uthority you eant give such a cominmnd P" Of 1' forget politonessin remembering the ioor people's neces?aity. Th people en 'our .estteh-l mean the Iabourer- are Imaply dragging ott an existence of poverty ind pas, and if somtething is not done, I liiy proclaim their condition in a hundred sosaspapelrs. Everybody shall know that his parioh of St. Neot is cruelly neglected, sud that whil0 th0 rich revel in lusxiry, ho poor weho give thsom their riches lie lisnased a sd dying without ever receiving Miss Lezant did not reply, butt the older ady started to her feet, and said aughltily Sho arce you, young man ? You are ot wha?tS ou seem." '" I am a working man," replied Andrew rondlyl "my father was a working tinier, and I am not ash!unsed of my ainte +cdents,. It is inatural for ome to spook up or my ohss, . I have entored into their ives, and I know tihe colourles, wierisome irudgery whilch makes up their existence. All 1 want is thit tshey clltl be trcnated as human beings, and I mean that they shall Evidently Mliss Lepant was talkin?g with horself. lE'r first ismpultho was to riig for a Ierevant Iand have the presumptnstto's younltg tsiat eisiwn ous of the house; but somebow she could not bring heorself to do this. Ith looked lilkeo a gentleman, and spoko like ono. 110 was not at all awkward because of Iis surrosundings. An orditary country clown wsoulll ntot have Inown shat to do, or bow to act lwhen shown int' the presetCis "f two Iadies, especsihlly whon those Ildies 'vreissin a htndsomsei'ly furnished rooist; bIst this ,eSosusg ilsan wav perfectly at case, as t|.hough lie ir eIccstulomcd to mix in the hoat, society. [oreovo-, het had irendored cher a service antl aeho was grateful. Btill,.ahe coutl lot help being angry at his confident way of opeaking, and she cor tainly felt no inelintion to makeo him i any promisce, so ':Js that all you have to say P" she said at length. or "'There is a great deal. more,' rd plied in Andrew, " but'it can wait for alittle while, y. The matters Ihavo mentioned are press. ad 'ing." of She touched the bell at her side and o ,rang it, shortly .after which a. servant so entered. ll Will you show this man out," she said, e6 "Or stay," she continued, turning to An In drew "if you like you can go into the aitchen and have a jug of beer. a. Was it a desire to remind the young man se of his soolal status that she did this? IHe to could not toll, but he fancied that such r- was her intention. 0 "Thank you, I never drink beer," was his reply, and bowing politely, he walked o out of the room, On looking at his watoh, he found that . he had' boon out far later than was the f rule for servants at Trevadlock Farm, ltnt y he was comparatively careless now. 'tio was sure Cundy would think twice before ,, reprimanding him. Thus he walked home L. slowly, and saw with gladness that the sky a was clearing, and the heavy mist rolling away. "' Things are turning out strangely," he s thought. " Who would have fancied that I the lady I assisted was liss Lezant, the I' wealthy owner of Ashwator Estates P I'm " afraid I've overstepped the bounds of my Sp:sitiona; but I fancy i've made her think, e and aroused her to the fact that Bhe has t duties as well as pleasures. I little thought whei It saw her in lcoles.ton Square that I I' should meet her under such circumstinces, I Isn't she beautiful, though P It was awfully hard to speak the truth to her, but liam glad I did " Thus the young man mused as he Wended his way back to the farm. The monu had now appeared, and the night was o.b. qonug.pleasant. " 'fy visit to the oeuutry is turning out differcutly.from what I expected," he went on. "Things do not appear nearly as monstrous as they did. No doubt I have maado an enemy of litr Beans, while his mis. tress is angry at a farm labourer's daring. .It was kind of her to offer me a jug of beer, though, Hark I what's that ?" eo stopped and listoned, For a second i all was silent; thou he heard a- sobbing noise. "It's a girl's voice," he thought. "I wonder who's in trouble." "A second later a nane's voice spoke im. I patiently,and yet with an attempt at being t persuasive, "- I tell you I will not," was the sobbing i reply of. the girl. "You know.what you promised. You-you said yo' loired me, and that we would boe married, You--you r " know you did." "But can't you see how I am placed P Can't you s0e it's impossiblo. Now, if you would.do as I tell you, I will marry you." " Surely," thought the young man, "1 reoogniso those voices. 1 believe it is young Sirn Cuudy and Kitty Crews, Can there be anything wrong ?" " I tell you I will not," replied the girl b again "I'll rather die by the hedge side.. And this after what you've promised, too." " Then you must take your chance," said n the man angrily. "If you will not be reasonable, it's your own fault." p " I tall you I can't," replied the girl. n "Grandmother do know now, and--and-" tI Androw hesitated a second, then jump.,d over the hedge, and, soon after, passed a them unobserved, lie hurried on, and in it a few minutes camo to the cottage of old Autos Craws. lie had not seen the old a man at chapel that night, and wondered at p the reason, for, although he was a local t preacher with the "Irslanites," whose y, chapel was two miles in another direction, h he generally attendod the Methodist Church in St. Noot village. ?ecing a light ia in the cottage, ho knocked gently at the door, and entered. h By the side of the firo sat Amos and his w wife. Both of thoem loked weary and lonely, while a look of inuetiblo sorrow roeted on' f their faces. They looked up at Andrew's na enutrance, and give hint a kind greeting. For a minute or two Andrew talked about tihe woather, and the way corn was yield ing then ho satd- "I Kitty Ilome yet ?" Neither ,raswclrd. p "Nothing.wrong, I hope." w "Os," said old Amos solemnly, "'the y Loard la dailin' very'ard wi' nto." A "IHow " -replied Androw. w. "Her mother os gone, I doean' knew wi whore," replied the old man; " she wont w: wrong, the maid did, and left us wP Kitty. yr We've tried to do our beet wi' or, but iW sho've bin slocked away by young Sirn Ci Cundy, and-and-." The old man covered an his face as if in shame, ) "You see," he went on, "she wur akiud be of black sheep. She wur ruthor proud, and se wuddsn go around wi' maidens ov her own A bringin' up, while they that sie would hav'b gone with wudden look top her, and so she It war loft lonely weth we, 1 was 'fraid ow twould be when I seed young Cundy ro allays loppin' round after her-and now. in Well, they o'n put me in the union now so ot quick as they like, I don't care. I shall never be ablo to bould up my 'cad agoean." at "Now, Amnos, donau't give way zo," said in the old woman. " Hlo may marry 'or, ya ci knaw. lie touln her he wud. An' I'm saure he do like her. Besides, it mtayn't be AI so bad." p Tho old man shook his head solemnly. "I 'ovidrty 1 can bear, hard workr I can oi boar, and I'm willin' to work till I do drap, 50 but ehastuie, disgraace, I caan't bear. Oh, Loard, help mue. at "And if it's possible, you shlall be saved so from disgrace," said Andrew, his voice dc trembling, yr S"I'm 'fraid 'te no use," said the old fa mtan. " 'rapls wtc lover itiade things y bright for 'er 'ome here, and thoer' was no plaoe she could go. IBut what could we m do F We ded everything in our power. so But" that young Cundy--hOe--he-God 'clp I mo, or 1 shall curse hint." m At that mlouiont Andrew heard a step at I thle doorway. and looking, saw Kitty enter Ir aloneuo. At first she did inot see bint, but Ii whet shie caughlt sight of Iis face, sho turned uial, andt trombled. "Ititty," said thle old woman, "Kitt " come here." Slowly the young girl dragged herselt o' i the fireside. . , sUNDAY NIGIT T. "Yo friends to truth, ye statesmen who at survey The rich mui's joy increase, the poor's do cay, 'Tie yours to judge how wide the limits stand A Iletween a splendid and a happy land. ti Ji'en now the devastation is begun, hI And half the hnusineso of tldestructiot done; t; E'en now mnethinks, as pondering hero I1 stand, I see the rteal virtues leave the land." -OLivy. GOLUSMerTt, y " Kitty, we was jiat talki' 'bouet 'co," said Amtos t the treubling gid. Kitty was silent. " I'm 'fraid our hearnts 'll break, lKitty," I h wont on the old mans. " YVu be our only child now, atd I feel I caan'L baar it." Kitty cov r d her face wiith her hands, and began to sob. ' "I)on't be hard, Amos," interposed his wife; "p'raps tlte poor tmaid have-" Here sile stopped as if she did not ktnow 1 how to finishl the sentence, while Andrew I looked around incomufortably, feeling that " Ihe ought to leave the house. "'oll us, Kitty, tell us, ohceld." It Anldr-w took his hat, and prepared to go out, "No, Mr Andrew, don't go,"'?said Aionae; J "we foel as 'ow you be our friend--don't go. Now, Kitty, lty tmaid, of you've got tunythitg to say to yor broken-hearted ould i grandfather', say it." " Donn't spaik so hardl, Aino,"' rejoined I Ilia wife. " Kitty os a good nsaid for oml overlbody may say, and she's cal we've got.'. 1 These word yeamredt to Irar t?le tpoor .rl's hoeart. She came ai to Iter graid father, th her arms around his neck; l ald ,, o. ae,0ndfather, forgive me. But 1 be 't so a you think. I ern't toll 'eo cryti but he promised to make mn a wiid-and-' " Andre rushtOh back of his hand aoross his cs. " Kitty, y g he stammnered, "for giveo in fo apse, but did young Sim Cundy on to.e you his wife ? Does he owe you is, n p The you ,ioked up and flushed painfully, u ot in anger. Andrew had befrie ed ' Amos in many ways, and since tl eCo with Jimmer in the cornflold, h aden greatly beloved by the old cour . ,eemned as if about to speak, thoun oried her face in her hands again, jiddrow know the answer. He did no .st, second longer. He hurried out, '? nds clenched, and his eyes flashing orously. Turning his face towards idlook Farm, he ran rapidly. Hie ha ; gone far when he saw young Sim C ibeforo him. Without hesitating, he jo1p to the young farmer and stopped hiin. .." undy," heoas.," I wish to speak to you." Sins had beon tching moodily along and did not s to relish Andrew's nethodof speak' "Rhemember w ou're speaking to," he said. " Let's be deno th nonsense," roplied tndrew ; "i'm the humour for it, jook here, I've com? i from :Amos roews' cottage," "Well, what fo I?" "Youe know wh :mean very well," " How should I w p' " Because I saw itey, too." " I don't know a king about Kitty." "You tell a lie." " How dare you sa ak so to me P 'I tell on, I know nothink, of her." "You toll a lie." "I toll a lie, do I Prove it. I'm not goin' to be saddled with your inventions, tell you. I don't know, nor never did now anything abou Kitty Crews " "I.saw you with r to-night, I heard or oying, I heard te tUll you that yoe romised to marry h r, and 1 heard your neswer." Sim Cundy was ail I. "I've just comne ro their cottogo,' nt on . Andrew.: 'They are broken earted,. I.. think. t o troubld, will kil tem. Kitty sits wit her face covered b3 sr hands, sobbing a il her heart weulc reak."? The young farmer still silent. "'What are you g ing to do '" askei ndrew, "What's that to u" 'replied Sil ilonly. "I want your answer." - " And I shan't give it" ' " Yes, you will. What are you going t about Kitty Crows p "Well, then; nothin'," " Yes, you are. They are all heart okon, and you will have to do some ing." "Nobody can prove anything agains "Plenty can prove against you, Cundy enty I and even 'if there were not wit sees to your vile conduct, it would he al o same. You will have to marry her." "I marry her I Do you know what yoi a saying ? I'd like to see mysels marry g any comelhe.chance maid." " Do you know what yon are P You ar mnan, contemptible .ad. You. break. or girl's heart, you: ruin'her lifeo,an on you say you willdo nothing.. 4l-'io u are not worthy of her, but you wil ve to marry her." Young Sim glared at Androw, as if h culd like to kill hiu; hbut odil no aspiah " I toll you." wention Andre?' "you wil vo to give Kitty Crews your ame ye 11 have to save.l er from disg ce." fI'm t- i1do," snarled ho youn moet.""She sn,'t be, reason bie, an w I'll do nothil for her." "Yes, you will I shall make eou." ! You will I Id like to see youl" 'r Yes, I will. If you don't, I will have ur villainy pooted up on overy gate-pil the parish. I will lhave your story inted and postod on the church leeoors, 1 make every boy in the parishl hiss a u as you pass by. I will go to [ie,? Jana irtin, whom yoen wish to nusrry and fo tom you would idesert this girl, and 11 tell her your sile conduct, until Msl 11 scorn to speak to you. I will have Ir villainy printed in the county paper ero everybody shall read that Sin ndy, of Trovadlook Farl, St. Neot, is I ank and a coward," ts Siln herrd those scathing words hi tame desperate, lie was no longer hium f, and, with a savage oath, he sprang a Idrew with clonched lists, 'If ;you do not promise never to say t Ord, I will murder you," lie cried." 1 minute later ho liy sprawling by thb Aside, stunned and su dlued. A sting blow had knocked it great deal of hi itinaey and :ourago out of him. Eo got, on to his feet slowly and lookeo Andrew fearfully. This strangeo youn n was his mlastcr in every way, II cked him at every turn. 'I must have your lpromnise," continuec drow, very coolly, " I shall see that th ms is i carried olt." 'or a little while young Sine was silent dently he was pondering over som tome. At length he said 'Look hero, I don't knlow who you b all. You say you'ne Andrew Fairfax' I, but I believe it's a lie. Wlat you'r n' down hero I doan't know,for evident) Sboan't of the sort that do stay on mu, But thcre's one o.thing; I exp~c i've done somothin' you did'n' ouglht t andl another en that you'me short o neoy, Now I knaw I've bin a fool, an' p'raps we'm 'bout quits. Well, I thini an help you of you'll help me, Ef you'l Try Kitty, I'll give 'eo fifty pound, whioc an got; and ro you cain migrate to AilS lin, or souso auch place. Do that, ant are both settled right." 'Cundy, do you mean that P" '1 do main it," said Silo eagerly "hat do you think of it "' • . 'Why, that you are not only a kniayc ,a fool." Come now, I- " o 'None of theso thinn will do, ? d:ly a will have to marry that gi'."'" 'But, hut-" 'I will have no buts al.i is ytur duty d you musto do it." - lhi hueitatcdl a second. SWell, I will," he said slowly, "Very well," sud Androw, "you will isitud, I mean that you shall I 1a termined not to leave this neighbouir od until you do. lind that, Ishalll go Amon Crews to-morrow, anld tell him not you've told me." " No, not tlht;." "ertainly I shahll. You cannot keel' or ilnrriage a stcret-.you kno0 that ry well. Aid now I mustgct in ,lsickly. 'od-night,' lo strolo lon, leaving Siie alol0, ltld rried backl to the farm quickly, It 'was ,w laiI, andl he knew that thie hu',k dolor theo lr;u f atis locked early. y'og Sitm rriled the key of the front door ntd so .d no need to trouble about tA time. 'hon ho caIme to the houue, thLre're he n ntot surpriscd at iindiig th door alod. For I ininuto he hlesitate( whact do, an d had just detlermined to fy and slo ei her ac/ky or Bill, when hoBoard Inovontlclt at the dtoor, which a nauto Ler wana opened, andt he saw bliss 'ah. " You knoew father's rule," shie sahl " I torlinuotl nolt t t go to sleep till llow ,u were in. I haven't scon you f ti'e gllt; where in the worli have youbn b ' " I woeut froim the little chalpel to?th Ier'," hlo saidl. "'t ~o urcly don't know the houoalslai " No, I don't know any of them." MIiss arult looked relieved. " had0o0 tl sauplper ?" she asked. "No." " I'll ,ot somi rabbit p)iO for you my with you if l.eaould, only I sbolX found out, and father wouldn't like it-at any rite, not yet. Good-night." " Good-night." Soon afterwards Andrew adjourned to the room which used to be his father's, but for a long time could not sleep. The day had been a strange one, and a busy one. First there was toe meting in the caurch. yard with the young lady who had im pressed him as, theo the walk back with Miss daraxh; afterewards followed the inter view with the rector, which had been so disappointing. On leaving the rectory there was his meeting with Henry Yelland, followed by the strango service in the chapel, Again there was the case of the poor fellow whose children were ill, which led to his visit to the great house, where lie had been so surprised. And all this was followed by the sorrow and shame of poor Kitty Crews, and the meeting with Sim Cuady. Surely he had enough to occupy his time and thought, and he wondered what tihe outcome of it all was to be. Ifs fell asleep at length, however, amd awoke in the mornung with his mind clear. When he left the farmhouse for the cattle shed, he found that the rain was falling heavily, and that there was overy prospect of a wet day. So much the worse for the inmates of the wretched, leaky cottages. Still, for some reasons he was not sorry. He could do nothing on the farm while it rainud so heavily. lel would be able to get to the village againu. After breaktast, "Farmer Cundy asked him to take a horse to be shod, a request which ieo quickly obeyed. HIe jumped nimbly on the back of the patient animal, and trotted slowly townards ot. Noot, with several plans revolving in his mind. On his way thither he met young Sim, who looked lowering and despondent. lie did not,raise his head a, Andrew passed him. lvidently young daii was not in anenviable mood, For the next nmile he met no one, but as he neared the village he saw the miller's cart, which was slowly drawn from the t valley beneath, lio stoplped until the cart came up, for lie saw beneatlh the tarp:aulin I covering the athletlic form of the young t miller, who, wonderful for a Loaulshiro rustic, was reading a daily paper. "' Kerniok, I should like to speak to you." Martin lKornick inmediately folded his paper hand turned towards Androw, as if waiting for liim to proceed. 1! I am given to understand that you are Sa politician." I Korniok smiled, and proudly assented. " What are your polities worth P" "A good deal, 1 in a staunch Liberal. 1 .1 am in favour of Disestablishment, liomo hIul for Ireland, and a reform in the Land I Laws." " Very good, but are your opinions of sullioent toree to lead you to try and remedy the state of things at St. Not F" o "lixplain." Andrew explained. He went further than he had erone with either the clergy " wman or with lienry Yelland. His club and i- his lectures, etc., were good, but they did not go far enough. Clubs would not ouild it proper houses, clubs would not give the people a bit of land, clubs would not give r, home comforts. lo mentioned a scheme \- for sending a memorial to the Guardians 11 for better dwellings for the poor, and a better s) stem of outdoorrelief. He dropped u a hint ian respect to encouraging the cot tagers to cultivate tho common land, which would so richly pay for a little labour, and \- wlich might lead to the proverbial " three a acres and-a coww" becoming an established d facsas far as S?b Neotbwas coheerned.; -=-lesawhile Martin eraick stared. Tllis 1i young man was possessed of more than ordinary abiility and a fair education, but 0 his readinxg of the daily papers had led hims ra, to regard polities 'as eomethwag in tbe far II distamce- aomething which consisted in a passing measures and nothing resulting irom th?lu. A good mnany politicians do n t ditter much Crotn him. " I atu anxious for the Liberals to come into power again," said Malrtin at length, ar'u's you i'' " 1 don's bother," answered Andrioew. "I Scannot ?co tllht it hr party tare much to bh preferred. Let us try antid apply the laws already existing, and we snaill do Ssonmethinig." t 1 m i with you a great way," answerod 0 the young miller. r " Yill you help Inc to do something ?" " Yes, anld thsihlip will too." S"Giood. I should hkoe us to meet and 0 talk it over," " To-night at the mill; will that do ?" S " Very well, Good morning." (1'o be conlixrtld), 