LOCAL ITEMS. MR. HOSKING'S display of photos looks well by gaslight. FARMS.-Mr. H. M. Oxley has two dairy farms to let. THE man that is given to anger des troys his own house. INSOLVENCY.-Joseph Henry Radford, of Bowral, bootmaker. A PARADE of the Bowral Volunteers will take place this afternoon. BOTH Messrs. Taylor and Elliott have addressed the electors of Moss Vale dur ing the week. SPORTS at Robertson on Wednesday. A. E. Charker secured first prize for lamon cutting. FURNITURE.-To-day, at 2.30, at Mr.. A. B.. Robinson's, Oxley-street,by Messrs Morris and Co. P.A.F.S;-There- is 1 Protestant Al- liance Lodge in. Bowral 62 inN.S.W. 153 in the whole of Australasia. THE- Kilburn Sisters have taken pre- mises at Moss Vale, and intend to carry on their work of the care of sick children. TENDERS close at Morris and Co is on: Monday next for the purchase of a liarge galvanised iron shed and an 800-gallon "CABMAN'S SHELTER."—Mr. Vanheems has photographed this humane structure, with a few cabs and cabbies ; also other Bowral edifices. THE Atcorney-General has declined to prosecute in the case of Regina v. John Astley, committed for trial from. Bowral on a charge of libel. PARKS.-The " second National Park at the Hawkesbury River is being ded icated to: the public-. We. want a Mr. Copeland ia Bowral. THE Association C.C. have had the Government roller on their ground during the week. It should make the fielding, sure and safe at to-da.y s match. POLICE.-At the Bowral Police Court vesterday, Thomas Larkin was fined 1.0s and "=1/6 costs for using obscene- language. Tames Falls-and George Oxley were also iach fined 5sand 5/6 tor aiding.a.man- to j resist the police.. IT isn't worth while to Eiret, dear,. To walk as behind a hearse, No matter how vexing things may be;. 'Xhcy easily might be wovBe; _ _ And the time you spend complaining; And groaning-about the load, Wonld better be given to going c And pressing along-the road.. '.on,. ! ON- THE ROLL.-Every opportunity- . is being afforded to. every elector through out the colony in- order that the- new. franchise may be obtained by those qual ified under the Act to- enjpy it. The Government have.extended, the time tor the-revision of. all the lists.up to- 2,3rd January.. . COTTAGE- HOMES.-In- reply to -.Dr. Cullen, Sir George Dibbs stated :.-i. The amount of rental for six homes within the Mittagong. municipality is £367 ; and tor one:outside £^o. 2. It ismot the mtcnr, tion. of the Government to; create mote Cottage Homes within the municipality, nor are they in treaty for houses for that 1 purpose.. DEATH-Early- on- Thursday- moving. I the young wife (Amy Elizabeth) of Mr. Tohn Ritchie died at Bowral. She .was a | visiter from: Sydney,.being ordered- to this .( climate, and occupied a, residence- on-( Oxley's. Hill. The deceased lady was 2S, years, of age and the eldest daughter of, Mr. Robert Hudson of Ashfield.. The funeral took, place yesterday afternoon.. CLOSE: SEASON'. -B y Gazette notice the close season, is. proclaimed for the follow ing birds, commencing on June 15 and ter minating. on December each year Brush turkey, mallee hen, land- curlev-v bittern, land rail, black swan, bustard; or plain turkey, wild ducks of every species (including, teal), plovers o£ every species, pigeons and doves of every species,, wild geese of every description. QUESTION': " Then you' are not' going to borrow that ^"iooo, after all ? -- ANSWER : " Not at all ! We are simply legalising an illegal act of Alderman J. L-. Campbell when Mayor nearly three-years a<*o T: L- Sot tlie money from "ie bank without the Governor's permission, and we are merely getting the necessary per mission now." " Then all this fuss is a storm in a teapot ?" " Of course it is 1 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.-At a meeting of the* Executive Committee of the National Association it was resolved that the following resolution bs recommended for consideration by the General Council. a That having due regard to the urgent necessity for promoting and providing tor settlement on the land, such' provision should be made for the pastoral industry in the central division as shall ensure its continuity on the footing necessary for the prosperity of the country." ACCIDENT.-On Thursday evening Daniel Chalker, whilst riding a spirited horse on a bush track at Rush s estate, near Mittagong, lost his seat in the saddle and was thrown. He lay m the bush all nicht, but was luckily discovered- about 9 o'clock next morning. He was brought to Mittagong, and Dr. Middleton immedi-. atelv ordered his removal to the Cottage Hospital at Bowral. Dr. Wilson admitted him about noon, and on examination found that his spine was seriously injured. Chalker. is 55 years of age. RETURN OF LIVE- STOCK.--It having, been brought under the notice of the Stock Department that certain persons aro collecting, returns of live stock under the Pastures and Stock Protection Acts, and demanding a fee for filling in the re quired form, we may state that there are no per&ons; authorised by the department to collect returns, arid that forms can be had free of charge on application to the Stock Department, to any Inspector of Stock, or at any police station. At the same time owners are reminded that re turns are not due until 1st December next, and they may be made any time between i that date and the end of the year. BOWRAL PAINTING.-SOME splendid work has been turned out from Mr. W. Vial's Bowral coachbtiilding establish ment in the form of painting under the masterly brush of Mr. E. Mitchell, viz., Dr. Fisher's^ dog cart, painted lake and carmine, with good finish; A. Corry's confectioner's cart, the lettering and shading being good and clear; Mr. T. Lovevidge's hooded cab phaeton, painted invisibe green, striped with hair lines, the whole (like new) got up with a first-class face. The firm has a double and single buggy (made on the premises) for sale. With such creditable work as the fore going being turned out, residents have no need to go to other towns for their re quirements in this particular line.. FRED. DAVYS'S BRIGHT LIGHTS.-This company appeared in Bowral on. Wednes day and Thursday nights, and have left a creditable impression, behind. The per formances took place under a spread' of canvass in the adjacent paddock to Vial's blacksmithing works; in one end of the tent was. erected a unique stage., Mr. Davys evidently knows how. to cater for the-pleasure of an audience,. as everyone seemed well satisfied with the entertain ment and the change they received for the coin of admission. On Wednesday night the programme commenced in a minstrel style and it contained some good items. Mr. Fred. Davys was well received in the singing of " Accidents," " I'm going back to Ireland," and "On the back of Daddy, oh in the latter he appeared in. a splendid make up. The dancing of Miss Lillie Howard was much admired. Miss Myra Lodge proved her capabilities as a vocalist and conjurer. Miss Evans choose " The Old and the New " for her song, in the first half, and later on was successful in singing " What a gay young man, you are." Messrs. -Bell (tambo) and Franks (bones) contributed numerous " comics-." and jokes; the former imper sonated: an. English showman, to a " T, " while the latter gave some clever acro batic feats. Thursday night's programme, with a few exceptions, was-a complete .change ; a ghost sketch being very amus ing. The American marionettes were in troduced both- nights. The- Company's band of six performers greatly enlivened the proceedings;. they played' several pleasing selections prior to the commence ment and during the intermissions. 