Bo^ Column. Wagner as a Boy.—Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March 22.1813. When be was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who instructed him in music ; he paid no attention to bis practising, but seized every opportu • nity of repeating the melodies that he bad heard, especially those of " Der Freischutz," which had already kindled his powerful imagination. Aneient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in hone of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings—he was a poet I In his eleventh year he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shakespeare that be dccided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty two people in hie drama. He was forced to relent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last act in order to have performers enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where lie had been living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected bis studies for musical composition, that he was put back a class ; tbis so discouraged him that he gave himself entirely to his tragedy. When he had nearly finished it be firet heard Beethoven's music. Tbis had so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. 80 fascinated did he become with the study, that he determined to be a poet no longer, but that music should have tbe devotion of his life. When bis family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the eause of hla backwardness at school; but wben.they found him to be writing music, they Were in despair, {or tbqy believed it to be nothing motfe than a fancy, ana that; it might do the boy great barm. He was not to be discouraged, nowever, and composed in secret. But at last ho was placed under tbe instruction of Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan—Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would they say to the boat-dwellers of Japan ? t In that crowde 1 country hundreds ot families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some unusual business. In every bay along tbe coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called " junks." These are small, fiat-bottomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses arc in other parts of the world. Thetr business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, notwithstanding their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat evergoes to another's aid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says,, it is all fate, and he who interferes' with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fi9h, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teased and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defencc. Ah! it is in reading and learning about tbe people of other lands that we find Jiow much we have to love and be thankfnl for in the broad free life of our own. But even beje there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the riven and harbon of their own country- An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. —1 had singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and tbe most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me as a trophy. To single tbe brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse a3 mine. The remainder of the herd thundered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second; sending a pill into his side whenever be swerved entugh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter bis cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and chargfed me, his magnificent bead cocked sidewise, ready to to99 my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of bis course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snapping the bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was somewhat shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils; one of bis horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was aB glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.—The Rev. J. G. Wood, the well-known English writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse : " Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his wijdow all his property, including an old and' staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on bis instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he wa?, he sprang off at full speed, galloped into tbe ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The sigaal to charge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Wbere the regiment went the horse went; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the manoeuvres. "After the review^ was over the officers crowded round tbe old horse, who evidently had belonged to the,cavalry, and offered a •eiy high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of bim. The offers, however, were refused." The world is eo cold, love (I really oan't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I most get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh I won't there be strife) I And yours shah be mine,.deai (Oh, Lord; Here's my wife I) " A font is a baptismal basin in oburch, Im't it, father ?" asked young SharpBhins. " Yes," returned the old gentleman, shortly. " Then why is a set of printers' type called a font ?" enquired young S. Beoaose so many author* gain ft MOM thioDgb it." 