Melbourne Letter. -:o: [By OUR OWN CORRESPONDBNT.J Tuesday. ACCORDING to Mr Max Hirsch, who was entertained at a banquet the other evening, the days of protection in the laud are numbered, and in the near future Parliament will be taken pos. session of by a band of freetraders. In order to push on with the work a sui of £3000 is required, and all who have tie cause of feetalde at heart areastked to iire proof of their sin cerity by contrilbuting according to their mlleans. Now, quite apart from the vexed questioni of freetrade crstus protection, it nmay be asked-is the present the tight time to mtake an appeal for money to assist the free trade policy ? Parlialulent is about to close its labors and rest for a few inonths; no fixed question distturbs the .-ltimlunity; business of all kinds is laborintg halrd against the stortm, and there is trouble all over the land; anld then why attempt to raise strife and tariff questions I The battle of freetrady agai st protectio 11, of -rse, be re toyed. and r ' h ,hi . . I" P a r - seint there is noisonad reassn for beat it.g the fieetsiade cymbals. lainful evidence of the had times is filrished itn the atnnouncements in the " Wanted' to Sell " columns of our morning news;'apers. Pesple appear to lie getting rid, at great sacrifices, of everytlhing they can do without. Cot tage, drawinroomt suites, pianos, seaSing machines, and arrticles of jewellery are advertised for sale, at 'private sesides.ces, by the score. One person stat s that she has a pia.no lwhichi cost £65 two years ago for sale, and that as sIte is greatnly iressed for moner sihe will accept £25 " to-dlay (the day sshe advertised); ano her of ithe sex, nrg-s somleonie :a buy her sew inhg machilne for £1 lOs. (almost new and coot wn12 "; and " a gentleman in distress" olfets his gold watch andtl silvter chain at a tetupting secriice. It is tnl tllose who miove atmong the Seo-ple, can formt any idea of the great imisry athicl, exists in the metropolis at the, present titme. Thie Premier saw a little of the seaitt s ole of life the ,Illher dlay when he passed ant hour int the city court. S?ulsequenttly Ihe visited the Royal Park lirepr, whler neglected children are rieceived prior to Iesing sent to the Industrial scholoi l andwhen he re turned to his otlice its the evenitg he remarked " Whiat I have seer. and heard to-day proves the existence of a etate of things that is Ib yond paraliel." Mr. Patterson is now satisfied that the qu estisn s f establish nig ai foundling hospital tist receive serious consildera tisn in the Iea't srssi,,n of PaRliament'. The crimle of intanticide is increesing t to an nlarming extertt, andt somethmg lannt he done to stop it. 'Many w0ill meaniing I ee le are strongly oplosed to foutndliune hos1-itals, on the ground that they may encourage vice, but against e that view there is tihe painful fact thatt aihoost daily in this city, helpless womelln murder their li tle ones, or leave theml to tdie in the public reserves. t Society cannot. look calmly on at this condition of things. The " Spook " society has not hbeen able to capture a ghost yet, and I hear s that thie council is not a happy family. A literary gentleman whose contrihu tions to the press appear under the initials " J.'.i has cnle into tarm I conftlict with the burly Dr. Bevan; t anll the son if a well known deceased d philasntrophist in this city lihas had anl angry tussle with the Rev. Charles t Strong. Somet iemlllers of the cotuncil are earnest ghost seekers, all are sun- r guine of being able to exhibit half-a dozen of tihe class on Iho platform of the t'ol hall ere longl while others laughl in their sleeve.- while they accons- c pany their cslUht-ges in the search. There is otne' p'lminent gentleuia't in this city (he has lnot given ane pera!is sion to esntssi his name) who is in- t quiring quict tly a:n: earnestly, iunto tlhe question (tf spirit comnn: .,. ttion, and I anticipate'that by-and-bye ire will imake his lexperiences public. Is he eidoes I amu sure that much weighr t wrill i he attached to w.hat it t' Ci'. The number of "' Prfestsrs" in M.ellurne is increasing, and thes papers contain rows of advertisemesI s fromn Imembers of 'bthil sexes wilo undertake ino tell peopll all about tle fiture. One of the class is evidently a fellow possessed of some honesty, as lhe mralrtly ann?rucrssthat all" tlslstso pleased.' Nu inrtimations tf coming darger; no earl;y sereaventseut ; ,no -liadows over thiit househlold ;-every iliiiig ltlea.an.st. This man's flnank.tess shloiud brisg t hIis doors a large per' celilae of the foolish pieople wsho be !;ete in psofesioial sight seers. 