SPORT AND PLAY. BY " OLTMPUS." WITJK oniy'tjie bare results of tho first two days' plav in' the opening match of the Australians before ine, appearances warrant the conclusion that there lias been a deal of luck in connection wjfh that contest. In tho first place the Australians were extremely lucky to get such an eleven lf as Lord Sheffield's out for 257, after such a start being made as lit) runs for the loss of one wicket. As against this the Englishmen were lucky in Arthur Shrewsbury being missed twice; because although such a thing as that is all in the chances of the game the accounts to hand ot the general fielding of Our Hoys proves conclusively that iu that respect they were very nearly up to their best form. Hut it strikes me that the greatest luck of all was the scooting of (he Australians out for 13S after they had compiled 40 for tbe loss of one wicket. Plucky little Harry Graham was top score with 32, and bids fair to develop into tho premier batsman of the team. Tbe volatile Coningham captured five wickets for 74, aud already the Queensland "woodchopper" (as Harry Chifney dubbed him when he saw him come out to bat in the Intercolonial Match on the Melbourne Cricket Ground last December) lias earned golden opinions from the judges in the old country. At tbe time of writing tilings look extremely blue, without a doubt; but still there's a possibility of their panning out (like Old Carlton) "true blue" before it is all over. The Australians are never beaten till the last wicket falls. THK week before last I expressed my belief that the applause which follows Mr. Marshall's annual remarks of bis ideas for the Purification of Foothall is only Hypocritical after all. My experience at the meeting of the Permit Committee on Wednesday evening, 3rd May, fully convinced me that such was an incontrovertible fact. Of all the Travesties of Justice ever I heard tell of in connection with Sport the proceedings of that meeting was the. Greatest Farce. On the face of it the bare idea of delegates frotn Williamstown, llichnioti'J and St. Kilda forming a majo in the matter of granting or refusing permits to or from Melbourne, South Melbourne, Carlton and Geelong was ridiculous enough; but ivhen one listened to the childish prattle and the pettifogging quips and quiddets of the law that were loistud into the cross- examination of some of (he applicants for permits it WHS diverting in the extreme. That is to say, it would have been diverting were it not for the loiv, despicable tactics that were resorted to so as to advance petty club interests at the sacrifice of every spark of honour. FROM the Tuesday morning, after reading a couple of paragraphs ill the Sporting Stawbird, was fully prepare! to find the permit of P. N'Donald (late of St. Kilda) to play this season with Carlton refused. These paragraphs—which bore the impress of Inspiration—were as follows :— 1\. "Goal-kicker M'Donald, of St. liilda, hasn't the ghost of a chalice of getting a permit to play with Carlton." 2\. "M'Donald, of St. Kilda fame, has kicked six goals for Carlton in two Saturdays, but his chances of kicking auy more for the same cLuhs (!) are very remote." Now, wherever the writer of those two paragraphs got his information from, he got it Very Pure— in fact ho couldn't have got it purer from the Secretary of the Association himself. And this naturally gives rise to the query—" Where is the Utility of a Permit Committee Gammoning to Hold a Meeting for Hearing the Statements of Players who have been refused clearances by t heir clubs on a Wednesday when the result of their deliberations has been notified through a section of the Press thirty-six hours before ?" In so far as the Secretary of the Association was concerned he had informed me on the Wednesday morning that "No Good Man Would Ever He Refused a Permit if he wished to change from one club to another, and more especially if there was nothing against him and he had changed his residence. l.'lie rule," continued Mr. Maishall. "was never intended to apply to hmvi fide amateurs, but to semi- profes sionals." But, oh ! What a Different Tune was sung at night when Mr, F. M'Donald appeared before the " Mystic Six !" " You played with St. Kilda last year, did you not ?" queried tho Lord Chief Justice of Williamstown. " I did," was the mild reponse. " And who do you want to play with this season ?" was the next quest,ion. " With Carlton," was the reply, coupled with an addendum —" 1 wanted to play with Carlton last season." " And why didn't you continued the long-andthe-short-of-it. " Because a number of my friends in St. Kilda strongly urged upon me to play another season with them, aud 1 consented -. but now that I have left St. Kilda and am living in East Melbourne I am desirous of playing with Carlton." " Is that your only reason ?" was the next question; to which M r. M'Donald made reply after a pause:—" Well, no : another reason was because 1 didn't think some of the St. Kilda team played their best ou occasions last season." And no sooner had he sai.l that than the L. C. J. of Williamstown turned to "Gillie" Wilson, the secretary of St. Kilda (who is also one of the Permit Committee) and said "Do you want to play M'Donald again this season ?" and on Gillie " Wilson replying, " Oh, yes we want to play him," Mr. M'Donald was immediately placed in the same category as Webb, of Essen don, was last year—namely, a player who was refused his permit, aud not only refused it, but refused it " absolutely." Now T am not quoting Mr. F. JI'Donald's cii.-e specially because lie was refused a permit to Carlton. I am directing attention to it on account of the fact that the Permit Committee have no! a leg to stand on in their treatment of hiui. Although I have beeu on particularly goo.l terms with a number of the "Saints" for Rome years, I have never, to my knowledge, made the acquaintance of Mr. M'Donald; but have, as a matter of course, witnessed his prowess in the football field on many occasion-. When I discovered on Saturday morning that he had been Virtually Ostracised from football uuhvs he played with St. Kilda I sought out some of my acquaintances connected with the St. Kilda Football Club and asked them what vocation Mr. M'Donald followed, and whether it was likely that any pecuniary consideration was underlying his desire to play with Carlton. " Oh, dear no !" was the reply of Charley Ailatd. " Well, then," J remarked, "don't your hoys think thatit is rather rough treating him actually worse than So-and- So aud So-and-So f" " Oh, you inusn't mention M'Donald's name in conjunction with men of that stamp," cried the nugge.ty little '• Saiut," ut the same time looking as if he would jump riglit down my throat. " You musn't mention M'Donald's name iu conjunction with them. Fred M iJoivi/ a Gmllcman! And we are all awfully sorry lose him. In fact, he is nearly certain now to yet his clearance from us." AND then I consulted some more people who knew M'Donald well; one of them—strange to say 1—a member of the Permit Committee. And what do you think ho told me? That Mr, M'Donald is so far removed from having ;my sordid motive in regard to his connection with football that he actually insists on paying own travelling expenses vjhencvcr his clu side its own district. And that's the sort of n man whose " freedom of contract" is to be calieJ in question by individuals whose sole connection with football is due to Mercenary lleasons, an.! to Mercenary Reasons alone. MARK me ! There were Several Other Injustices perpetrated under the specious guise of " Purification of Football" during the past week; Billy Strickland, Peter Forman, O'Halloran, Kendall and others. But in the main the Permit Com mittee managed to pay a strict attention to the " you-scratch-my-back- and-l'll-scratch-your-back" business. It was a perfect study to watch the self-satisfied smirk that would o'erspread llie countenance of some of the dolegates const-itulin; the Permit Committee when, on an appli.-.i" 1 ity being asked what club he intended to play with if he got his permit, he mentioned the name of t heir own particular elub. His cross-examination wis of the very mildest character, and m the vast majority of cases he passed muster. in last Saturday's Argus "Observer" makes Millie rat her startling "averments" in connection willi this permit business. In the first place he suites that "Mr. Marshall, the Honorary (!) Secretnry of the Association, made a Strong Appeal to the New Permit Committee to dis- , .image once for all the regular annual flight of 7 LIE birds of passage, and BO far Thoy Have Followed the Advice to the Letter." Well, if that be in, and Mr. Marshall is really the individual lesponsible for the refusal of the permits, how that fact coincide with his statement to ine ai the Wednesday morning that No Good Man Would Ever be Refused a Permit ? AGAIN, "Observer" says" Melbourne are not .•miking so many changes as was anticipated. In ;lit! case of O'Halloran there was almost fair ground for the request for a permit, as he promises to be one of tue ground staff of the M.C.C., :\nii largely helped to win their last match against Fitzroy." Now, if that was almost fair ground for the request for a permit, why didn't " Observer" make soiue comment with regard to Petter Forman, who has become " Honorary " (to quote "Observer's" own word) Secretary of the South Melbourne Football Club. IT was with no small degree of satisfaction I perused an article in last Saturday's Age, in which ihe writer dealt very trenchantly with those would-be amateur detectives who, never being able to rise above the dull uniformity of Iittle IVddlingtonism, endeavour—for considerations totally unworthy of a true sportsman—to cripple as many other clubs as possible on the off chance of their own ascending two or three rungs higher ! ban the bottom of the ladder of football fame. After remarking that to-day the game of football under *• Australasian rules is attended by no more risk than anyone indulging in athletic exercises may reasonably expect, to encounter, the Age scribe goes on to say:—" It, was recently pointed out, however, in those columns that the Victorian Football Association, a generally wellconducted institution, bad at times fallen into the error of over- legislating, and that this was especially noticeable in connection with the order prohibiting players changing clubs without permission. • Follower,' writing in the Age ami tho Leader. has always strenuously opposed this ridiculous interference with the liberty of the subject, and urged the elimination of the rule referring to ' permits' and'clearances.' It has, however, been allowed to remain in existence, though nonsensical to an extreme degree, and one consequence has been that last Wednesday evening the permit committee found themselves overwhelmed with applications from players desirous of changing clubs, and were unable to decide any of the cases, although it was within three days of the opening of the season. Suehaa annoying and embarrassing state of affairs brings ridicule upon the game, and the sooner permits and clearances are entirely done away with the sooner will the public give our football legislators credit for possessing some couitnon-sense. Let members of the football Association beware lest in their desire to air a little brief authority they likewise bring their game into contempt hy leading the public to believe and understand that those heroes whom they weekly assemble to honour are but poor things who must only play for this or that club according to instructions. The perpetuation of this rule will assuredly bring about a rebellion against tho exercise of such arbitrary power, and when the players muster up courage enough to assert themselves and treat the association with contempt, as the cricketers did, the self-appointed inquisitors will perhaps have cause to repent having been guilty of such unwarranted interference with the rights of players to play with whichever clubs they may prefer." IN a table showing the results of tho Premiership Matches Eince their inception in 1870, which appeared• in Saturday's Age, Fitzroy were placed third (to South Melbourne and Carlton) for the year 181)0—vice Essendon deposed; all Football il aides, philosophers and friends to the contrary notwithstanding. Not content with this there is a foot-note calling attention to the fact that the Victorian Football Association would once more have to stand corrected by the "Orthodox" lnkslinger, the exact wording of the aforesaid foot-note being as follows:—" Essendon were placed third in ISiW by the Association, who cancelled a goal 6Cored hy Fitzroy against Port Melbourne. This, being done against the decision ot the umpire, was ultra vires, and, consequently, in the above list Fitzroy are placed third for Ikuy—their proper position." In this connection 1 may as well call attention to the fact that at the tiuio I refused to acknowledge the power of this Association to alter one of the fundamental laws o! the game without going through a proper form ol procedure, and kept on scoring the goal to Fitzroy, and eventually plac'ed them third in my l'lemiership List table at the end of the season. 1 am pleased to acknowledge the Age as a convert even after a couple of years have elapsed. DULL though the afternoon was ou Saturday, (lie opening day of the football season attracted a very lar"e gathering of enthusiasts to the East .Melbourne Cricket Ground, the number of ladies present being a specially attractive feature in the transaction. The partisans of Port Melbourne were very confident that their lads would give the ic.ioubtable premiers a tyiug-up, and as on two separate occasions at the beginniug of a season "1'owts" had downed Carlton even tho most bigoted believers in the Red and Black anxiously awaited developments when it was found that the 1'urts captain (W. Morton) had won the toss and til lis gained advantage of a fairish breeze the firnt quarter. Dame Fortune did not smile on them after this, however, as they never secured n a behind until the time the first " change over" took place, whilst Esseudon had put up 3 coals—Thurgood (2) and Watson—for an equal Huml er of behinds. On facing the other way, i however, Captain Morton changed his men i ttaucrially, and with good effect, Hunt {late of Tfttttiunia) notching tho first goal for Port Mel- | hnm ne. This seemed to put Tracker Forbes on mettle, and by a brilliant piece of play he foi warded the ball to Colin Campbell, who proved equal to the occasion. Give and take play followed, the outcon e of which was that Daly (another Tasmanian) hoisted the dual flags on behalf of Port Melbourne, the scores being as the belligerents entered upon a needed cessation of hostilities—Essendon, i goals b behinds; Port Melbourne, 2 goals. The third quarter was all in favour of Port Melbourne, who played right over Esseudon, despite some magnificent play on the part of Vantin, Prentice and Ball. In fact, it took the local men all their timo to defend their citadel, which, in spite of the tremendous defence opposed by Officer, was carried once by Maddox, two minor points being also added to the Ports score, whilst Essendon remained in the same old spot. In the last q uartpr, though, they worried up amain, Thurgood and Christian each succeeding in doing the trick, whilst fire more behiuds were likewise registered. To these persistent attacks Ports could only respond with three behinds; the contest resulting in a liardly-won victory for Kssendou by<> goals 10 behiuds to Port Melbourne's 3 goals 5 behiuds. J. J. Trait officiated as central umpire, and when Essendon were a bit raw.le-dazzled and forgot themselves the veteran was not at all backward in bringing them up with a round turn. At times some of the more pronounced of the Ked and Black supporters felt a hit sore at this and expressed their feelines rather openly; but although 1 must candidly admit that Port Melbourne did not suffer by comparison, there was more judgment in Trait's umpiring on Saturday than 1 have noticed him display before. On onu occasion I took particular notice of tlus, as, although an Essendon man was wilfully shoved from behind, Trait did not award a free kick, as by so doing ho would have placed the recipient's side at a decided disadvantage, the ball having whipped down to the front of the Ports' goal with the. celerity of greased lightning. Now, that is a thing I thoroughly agree with; I don't consider that a field umpire is justified in inflicting punishment for an infringement of the rules when it would be a positive loss for the side in whose favour the free kick was awarded to have the ball brought back to where the infringement took place. I maintain that the Held umpire has a perfect right to use his discretion in the matter. It not, what is to prevent a player from deliberately committing n breach of the rules directly he sees the ball inclined to sail airily between tho goal posts ? That's a branch of industry that could bo specially practised—like the old-time " rabbiting." I DON'T often miss Geelong's opening match, but I did last Saturday—more's the pity. However, from what I can gather the boys of the Pivot arc in rattling good nick this year, as the St. Kilda pippins considered they were auite eiyial to repeating last year's performance on the Geelong Cricket Ground, when they "fluttered the Volscians in Corio-li" by -1 goals to :t. On Saturday, however, although they managed to make the first tally " goal and goal," they were never able to catch up to Dick Houston and Co. afterwards; Geelong (who were minus the services of Greenfield and James — engaged rowing) achieving a highly meritorious victory by !) goals 3 behinds to 4 goals 0 behiuds. Charley Allard was particularly unfortunate in hitting the post on one occasion, and just " shaving" it two or three times afterwards,- whilst Donahoo'a " mozzel "was dead out in the latter particular as well. The goal- kickers for Geelong- were, O'Farrell (3), DoCoit (3), Houston, Leighton and Moody-, for St. Kilda, Allard, Hesse, Smith and Bonaboo. RICHMOND had the temerity to meet Fitzroy on their native heath, and might liavo come out pretty right after all had not Jem Grace been so terribly doadly in bis "bootings," no less than six goals falling to his share. Then Banks, Swan and Ahem were also in evidence with the leathern sphere; the Yellow and Black hoys being hold down to 3 goals 3 behiuds—the successful "pilots " being Lallan (2) and Elder. Along with their » goals Fitzroy registered 12 behinds. THE followers of the Dark Blues—aud their name is truly Legion whenever the cry is "Forward, Carlton!"— are in great heart at their decisive victory over North Melbourne by H goals 8 behinds to 1 goal 5 behinds. That's not at all a bad "doing" considering the game took place in the '' gluepot," and that a number of tho Carlton lads were juniors. But they arc evidently the right stamp of juniors, and after they have becoufe more accustomed to each other's play will doubtless render an excellent account of themselves. Time was when the name of Carlton was a thing to conjure with in so far as talent at football was concerned -, but even in its palmiest days the members were always seized of the fact that "practice makes perfect." Practice—field practice, and plenty of it—will work .vonders with the raw material Secretary Jack Melville has gathered together. Against tho North, Thompson (i), Hastings (2), Smith and Woods blazoned their names on the scroll of goal-kicking fame for Carlton; whilst on behalf of North Melbourne A r irth was the only one fortunate enough to steer the ball between the uprights. MELBOURNE swooped down on poor Footscray like a set of haivks tor the first half ot their game on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, the respective scores at the adjournment being—Melbourne, 3 goals 5 behinds; Footscray, 3 behinds. On resuming hostilities, however, the lads from Stoneapolis proved quite as good as their Redlegged adversaries, and actually got on level terms with them ; the scores being 3 goals all. But then the severe task imposed on them told its inevitable tale, and Melbourne once more assuming the aggressive they eventually finished up clever winners by (5 goals « behinds to Footscray's 3 goals 7 behinds. Smith (2), B. Kelly, li. Kelly, Wiseman and Roche kicked the goals for Melbourne; Bryant, Walshe and Kent for Footscray. SOUTH MELBOUKNE put up something like a. "record" against Williainstown on Saturday, when they tried conclusions on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground. Not that their 12 goals 8 behinds to Williamstown's 2 goals 11 behinds was anything very extraordinary; hut the way South's 12 goals were obtained was decidedly out of tho common. Captain Elms won the toss; but " first goal" was obtained by Warren (" a regular beauty!") for Williamstown. After this South prevailed for tho remainder of the first quarter, during which Hi ay kept Wiliiamstowu " as you were" whilst hoisting up 3 goals 7 behinds themselves. In the second quarter they kicked 5 goals for 1 behind; and in the third quarter they secured 4- goals for nary a behind ; the visitors only breaking through the attack spasmodically till the last quarter, when they were 1 goal S behinds. No less than seven different men participated in the glories of goal-kicking for South Melbourne; Watson potting three; H. Windley, M'Arthur and J. Forman two each, and Burns, Howard and Hell three between them. .Tones wns the other successful goal-kicker besides Warren for Williamstown. As has been uiy wont during past football seasons, I append a table exemplifying the positions of the different clubs in their trysts for the Premiership based upon the system first advocated by me in these columns of deciding those positions by points; to wit, 4 for a win, and 2 for a draw. In the eveut of two or more clubs being equal in point of average, it has been my invariable custom to place them according to priority in the matter of number of goals obtained as against goals lost. That I take to be a much fairer system than acting upon the absurd custom of allowing last year's positions to affect the present season's. Following out this plan these are the POSITIONS OF T11K SENIOJt CLUHS TO DATE Name of Club. STJI | 31r £ ) »3 e 1 £ . 4 = I « a S > % O c Pointa litrt(nc< f\rlton I t i ... H 1 4 4 4-1)00 fouth ileU>our»e i t ... ... is 4 4 4'ttlO Fitxr.jy i i t ! ... 9 8 4 4'IJOO Geelung i. i i . . . !l 4 4 4 IW) K«*e))f?tm I ; 1 j ... 0 3 4 4 4-Ml) Melbourne 1 1 ... G ;i 4 4 4-000 Collingwood , 1 - Fflotscray "i i i "i (i •i Pore Melbourne i •... i,... i St. Kitds 1 : ... i ... i 4 ii 4 Hiclimond 1 ; ... l -! 9 4 WjJJ/am&t; North lfel»v>iir»»f» 1 • ... 1 t ... i i 4 - ANALYSING matters still closer, you will find that the six victors last Saturday secured 50 goals between them (straugely enough for the same number of behinds), whilst the vanquished could only muster up 1(1 goals (as against 30 behinds). And so that you can right through the present season refer to each .and every goalsrieak'a form at a glance, 1 append the ' - UoAL-lSlCiyJiG. flitJ^JBl). I Goals? ' - / Goals Grace (Fitzroy) .... (i Leightofl/Geplong) 1 Thompson (Carlton). * toodyrGeclong) ... 1 Thurgood (Essendon 1 3 Allard (St. Kilda) ... 1 O'Farrell (Geelong) 3 Hesse (St. Kilda) ... 1 De Coit (Geelong) ... 3 Smith (St. Kilda) ... 1 Watson 'S. Melb.) ... 3 Honahoo (St. Kilda) 1 Smith (Melbourne) 2 Kelly, B. (Melbourne) 1 Windley, H. (S. Melb.) 2 Kelly, B. (Melbourne) 1 M'Artbur (S. Melb.) ... 2 Roche (Melbourne) ... 1 Forman, J. (S. Melb.) ... 2 Wiseman(Melbourne) 1 Lallan (Richmond) ... Ii Bryant (Footscray) 1 Hastings (Carlton)... 2 Walshe (Footscray) 1 Watson (Essendon) 1 Kent (Footscray) ... 1 Campbell (Essendon) 1 Burns (S, Melb.) ... 1 Christian (Essendon) I Howard (S. Melb.) ... 1 Dalv (Port Melb.) ... 1 Bell (S. Melb.) ... 1 Hunt (Port Melb.) ... 1 Warren (W'mstown) 1 Maddox (Port Melb.) 1 Jones (Williauistown) 1 Banks (Fitzroy) ... I Elder (ltichmond) ... 1 Swan (Fitzroy) ... 1 Smith (Carlton) ... 1 Ahern (Fitzroy) ...1 Woods (Carlto-i) ... 1 Houston (Geelong)... 1 Virth(NovthJ;elb.)... 1 THR following were the results of tho matches played on Saturday by tho teams under tho banner of the Victorian Football Association :— A Section: North Williamstown,!! goals i\ Coburg, 1. Maiylehone, 7 goals r. Union Jack, 2. Fitzroy Juniors, 2 goals r. Carlton Juniors, 1. Austral, 3 goals v. North Melbourne Juniors, 1. University, 7 goals v. Edlington 3. IS Section : Napier Imperial, 7 goals r. Brighton. 1. Rainbow, 4 goals v. Albion United, 3. Bruuswick, 4 goals v. Camberwell, nixey. Essendon District, 0 goals v. Preston, 1. Hawthorn, 4 goals v. Collingwood Juniors, 1. OVEB Adelaide way Port Adelaide slapped it about North Adelaide by 13 goals IK behinds to 2 goals 1 behind,- K. M'lvenzie notching no less than eight for the victors. Norwood gave Adelaide a " hit of a picnic," scoring 12 goals 27 behinds to 1 goal 3 behinds. As Certain as Death.—That within the next two football seasons in Victoria (but probably no farther away than next season) there will he two Sections (A and B) in Football, as in Cricket. A Section will consist of the eight leading clubs at the end of the previous season. " 'TWEIIE good you do so much for Charity." In connection with the Maryborough District Association it is my pleasing duty to have to announce that on Saturday next a benefit match will be plavcd ou Princes Park, Maryborough, in aid of the'Blind Asylum, the respective sides bein" a combined team of Maryborough and Talbot versus a combined team of Bowenvale and Carisbrook. You do drop across some rum coons at times at a football match, and on Saturday, in front of the East Melbourne pavilion, my attention was attracted bytwoor three young fellows—evidently disciples of the liugby game or football—who were casting aspersions on the Australiau game. Well that was enough for me, and, sidling up alongside the most pronounced of them (whom I c • took to be a " blawsted Britisher") 1 casually remarked that 1 had seen two or three Colonials who could play Kngby a little. " Yon dnn't know the game," said the liugby man. "Who the deuce can you have seen ov«r here, if you ever saw the game!'" "Well," was my answer. " 1 once saw a New Kealandcr, named Pat Kengh ; and 1 have read in some English papers that there wasn't a finer half- hack than him in England when lie went home with Mr. J. II. Scott's Maori team." '•' Ya-a-a-s, Pat Keogh was pretty goad," he replied, " hut who else have you seen ?" " Oh, a fellow named George Cou'lthnrd, who only " dropped five goals for Ijiirwood against Sydney University on one occasion. And then there was another chap named Ted Kaper—he wasn't a had 'nn ; and Bob Wat son. of Scone, and Bob Thallon, and Charley Hon!." " Good Heavens! You don't mean to say you know all these fellows," was his next ejaculation. " Why, they are all chums of mine. I ania Queenslainier; uty name's Beibridgc! 1 am only over here on a visitAm stopping at Scott's! Come up and see me '" " Surely you are not the son of old Billy Bulbridge, who used to be a com p. on the Argus years ago, and was afterwards overseer --l' the Sy^urif Ec)ioy" 1 <[UerieJ. " J just am 1" was his answer. " Well then, look here!" 1 said; "we will just go in and see whether Fielder Ware has any more <1 ur vomica and strychnine behind that counter, and just you tell your Queuisland and New South Wales friends that there are some few of us down here ill Victoria have teen one or two fellows lriio could piav liugby football a little; and, moreover, that the Victorian game of football is only an evolution of the old liugby game, one of the first men to start the innovation being a New South Wales native named Thomas Weill,worth Wills, sometime Captain of liugby School Football." And, by golly! You should have seen the look of young Uclbridge when 1 bad thus delivered myself. liimnv UNION is again starling into vitality in anil around Melbourne, four clubs (Pioneers, liovers, Crusaders and Pirates) being at present allilialcd, with every prospect of the ranks bein,.- strengthened in the immediate future. The season proper will open on Saturday, 20th May, when the Pioneers and Hovers will try conclusions. The Crusaders and Pirates alto meet on the same day ; admission being entirely free, and the Friendly Societies' Gardens having been leased by the Victorian Kugbv Union. The credit of inaugurating the movement belongs to the Rev. John Hoatfon, who has f.^und an able coadjutor in Mr. Arthur E. Luwis. In recognition of the services rendered by these gentlemen they have been elected vice-presidents of the V.li.U. THUS the Sniurday Review on Football as it is played in America ;—It is now sume time since the American first took to himself the destination of owning individual and uational institutions other than those of bis methods of commerce and his manner of dining, lie claims a school of art, owns ,as we know, a distinct style in literature, and in architecture has developed results quite as distinctive as Ionic or Go!hie and infinitely moro surprising. Tn the light of these events it is a pity that he does not acknowledge his theory of the game of football as his own. But it is still extensively referred to in the United States us an English game, and is by many people regarded as tho crowning feature of a depraved Anglomania. Those of the inner circle, indeed, admit a similarity only between their rules and those known as the Rugby Union upon which tliey consider they have improved. It is admitted on all sides that, played under the most favourable circumstances, and by men who would consider a loss of temper almost, equivalent to a loss of honour, football under liugby Union rules is a reasonably dangerous game. Played as it is in America, it seems admirably adapted for paying off old gruJaes, and proving conclusively that good- humoured pluck and skill are no match for savage brutality and irrelevant violence. To an aspiraut for honours in the American football Held we would say, " My son, learn boxmg. Learn football also, if possible,- but first learn thi* art of self-defence." Moreover, the pernicious practices are notexercisedsecretly (except with regard to the umpire), but are tacitly recognised as a part and parcel of the game. True, if a man is caught fighting he may be ruled out of the match. It is made a logical outcome of this law that six or eight reserve men are always ready equipped to take the places of any detected bruisers. The thinking man can and does easily improve tha occasion. If he feels exhausted as the short winter afternoon is drawing in, he can watch until he catches the umpire's eye, " slug " a diminutive opponent and have his place occupied by one seven times more wicked than himself. Or, being but a player of mediocre ability, he can vet provoke to a merry bout of fisticuffs one wbo.ie ability in the game is greater, and may thus bring about the retivcinent of both, sacrificing his own pawn self for the opponent knight. The American asserts that his game is the more scientific, which, from a certain point of view is self-evident. Tut Melbourne Harriers held their opening club run this season at Heidelberg on Saturdaylast. Before the hares (Messrs. J, W. Thomas and P. n. llaggart) were cast off, a photograph of the runners was taken by Mr. E. P. Peacock, a member of the club. The course taken by the "game" was along the Yarra bank for about a mile, then towards the Plenty Bridge, passing Bonnyvale, doubling back almost on the out; trail. Tho race homo resulted in a win for It P. Lewess, C. Longwood second, and H, B. Chapman third, being well up. The captain and vicecaptain acted as "p.ice" and "whip," respectively. Twenty-eight took part in the chase. The distance travelled was about six miles. Next. Saturday the run will be from the lioyal Hotel, Essendon. at 3.30 sharp ; Messrs. Jackson and Chapman will be the hares. 