SPORTING INTELL'GENCE. Wo understand that owing to insufficient entries, caused by the absence of some of tbe yachts, the scoond contest for W. Hart and Sons' trophy is postponed to Saturday week. Heuda, sot Hellas, has been nominated ior the £.T:-1 Maided Hurdle Baed. Autonomy's leg filled Shortly beioijj the AJ.C. Autumn Meet, and - there is fto' prospect of his racing for some time. Peter Keating, who sustained concussion of the brain throngh Larry 1L falling with him in the Menton - Hurdle Baee on March 26, is progressing favorably, but is still an inmste ol the Alfred HoapitaL 1 The Sydney yearling sale* commenoed on -Monday, when the total amount realised was 6440gs. The biggest price realised' during tbe day was 600gs, given by Mr T. Pa- ten for a colt by Marvellous from Chatham's dam. The oolt was bred at the Hobartnlle stud, 80 youngsters from which stud brought 96l0gi, or an average of l20lgs. For tbe Onkarparinga (S.A.) Steeplechase Trojan was the most fancied. Nearly £600 went on him. Strike was next in the call with £890, and Shanks figuring at 6's. The race was a splendid one, being remarkable for the beautifully clean jumping, none falling till the second round, when Alba core, who struck heavily twice before, came down with Corrigan. Egyptian also fell. ! For a long while Mr Lee, on I.X L., led, but later In the race save way to Pure I Grit, who looked like winning entering tho straight for the lasl time. Scobie though had reserved Shanks properly, and came with a grand run in the nick of time, win ning by a clear length from Pure Grit, who was some distance from that game little maTe, Coral (third), the same position that he ran into last year. Trojan never showed up prominently in the race, and great was the public disappointment thereat. I It is somewhat remarkable that the winner I of the A J.C. Poncaster Handicap, Cremorne, ! and Realm, who carried off the Sydney Cup, should both be descended from an Arab. Cremorne's dam, Nea, was got by Lord of Llnne from Hebe, by Magus from Lalla Bookh, by Satellite, as imported Arab ; and Realm's dam, Empress, was got by Eyogle from Fair Ellen, bv Lord of the Hills from Diamond, by Gratis from Uaybelle, by Btecl trap from Legislator (an Arab). , In the Autumn Stakes, writes the Sydney j correspondent of the Sportsman, Ucalm 1 was allowed to eo away with a long siart. and when they cbiuc to the home turn, Lewis on The Admiral, began to go after him, and was looking round for his com panions. They were not inclined to hurry at tbis stage. Marvel droped back to last all at once, and ran wide into the bargain. Ducrow was running a bad lsst before, and the two formed a rear- guard down the straight. Realm being a thorough stavcr, and one of tbe best finishers to be found anywhere, answered all the calls of his rider when challenged by The Admiral, Portsea, and Oxide, and got home by a length from Mr Cook's horse. The winner, now owned by Mr S. Hordern, and trained by Mr W. Day, was .-unbacked, and ' the books ' bad a rare treat. The same authority says :— Alexander, who rattled to the front in great Btyle, looked like a certain winner passing the* St. Leper stand. Cremorne had worked iojward in the meantime, and his finishing run on the out side, as he shot past one and then the next, was something to marvel at. He got up just in time to snatch a half-neck victory, and Pharamond also put in a fine finish. On tbe latter colt there w&e; not a penny of stable money, and one supporter got 60 to I about him. Alexander, after his defeat in the Hawkesbury Rowley Mile, did not command anyone's confidence, and stood at 100 to 2 ; but cremorne baa a strong touowing, who j refused to ignore his double win at Roschill recently, when he carried lOst 71b easily to victory in the Welter Mile in lmin 44isec. 6teadfast was heavily supported, but both | he and Buccleugh, as well as many others, | had not much chance ot getting through the ; large field. When a mile is run in lmin ' 4lsec, there is little chance of any horse | winning that gets blocked more than once. 1 The performances of Cremorne have been excellent lately, sari go to redeem thestigma of faintheartedness against the Glorious tribe. His Bathurst disgrace, however, be tween the Bosehill and Randwick triumphs is simply inexplicable. The Sydney Morning Herald gives the following description of the race for the Sydney Cup ' when the final bell rang for the great race of the meeting, the Sydney Cup, it was found that Marvel, Sir William, Cuiloden, and Warpaint had declined the honor of contesting the big event. These withdrawals left 23. During the early part of the day Rrrlm and Oamoola ran locked level for the favoriUshlp at 6 to 1 ; but as it was noted that tbe sun and wind were rapidly drying up tbe oourse, the great army i that usually follow the fortunes of the New market stable gave Oamoola such genuine support that, when speculation closed, the eon of Chester was a pronounced favorite at the short price of 8 to 1. He looked fresher than he did on the St. Leger day, and his appearance indicated that he would run a great race, and he did ; but the holding state of the going must have been against him to some extent. Realm stripped cue great mass of moicie, and bore undeniable evidence of the care bestowed upon him by Mr D&y.; For the first part of the journey he was one of the last lot, but kept gradu ally improving him position until a little more than three furlongs from home, when he raced to the front and, leaving his horses as though they had been anchored, cleared out and won easily, despite the most gallant efforts on the parts of Oamoola and The Admiral, who raua wonderfully good horse under his great impost. When the home corner was rounded the three that filled the places left the moderate lot that oppebsd them, and never left them the ghost of a chance. The tact of The Admiral and Oamoola having got second a^d third with such big weights in tbe saddle, shows that we have a very poor lot of long distance horses at present upon the turf. Mr S. Hordcrn's victory was heartily received, and there cannot be a doubt but that he possesses a ereat racehorse in the sou of Archie, and one tbat should get any distance. He com menced his turf carccr when 8yrs old, nt which age he won a number of racs:: in Queens'ttid. Aa a 4yr old he won the Queensland Cap, two miles, with 8s& 81b up, in Smln S4J*ec; the Elderncll Handicap, one mile and a quarter, with 9et 61b, in 2min lS^eec; the Brisbane Tattcrs-dl'ti Metropolitan Stakes, one mile nnd a half, with 9tt 81b up, in 2min 39}eoc. the Norman 6takes, nine furlongs, witb 9st, in 2min 6sec. His efforts in ISew Soath Wales aa a 6yr-old were not very successful, but he carried 6st into third place for the A.J C. Sydney Handicap, one mite and c. half, won by Florrie, 7et 91b ; and, with 8st, ran second to Chatham, 7st 12lb, for the last Tattersall's Cup, two miles, negotiated in Smin S8sec, beating Oxide, 8st 71b, and a good field. On Saturday last he won the Autumn Stakes like a racehorse. Portsea looked as well as we have ever seen him ; but Set 81b found him out, while Stornch&ser;, 1 who bad not been at all favored by the ban dioapper, quite failed to work himself into a ! prominent position at any part of the battle. 1 nrisdidnot show anything like the form he displayed in theCaulfieldazid Melbourne Cups, , ana it may be that he is short of a gallop ! or two. Tne gallant little Oxide ran a great bone, until the weight told upon him when three furlongs and a half from home ; while - the handsome Florrie and Din O'Connor 1 quite contradicted tbe work that had bu'en 1 done in private. Little Bernie remained buried in the ruck right through die cout-j&t;, and so did Chatham and Daredevil. Ductvw waa another that ran disappointingly, wliil.; the long and weary journey provyd too much for Mom Bobs, Marvel ette, Elymas, and Alexander j^nt Dondafteif, after paving ran laet until a'couplo of furlontrj from home, finiehedsip at agreat j-ace,*$tta W -uld bave been clofer had Jib been able git on his legs sooner. Bodkin ran a good m*re up to the three- furlong post, and old Vespasia also succeeded in keeping her colors in a promi nent position, but Attains and Aster were among the ' first beaten. Taking^ into con aMeration'the heavy goid{?, the rime (Smin SBsec) was very ijood, and there cannot be a doubt but that the b?et liorsa at the weights wdn. PAris wris fourih. Jttrt beating Portsea, vfitir Dkcfow and Vesp&fla; se&& 