[BY JDTEHIS.] APLAIN "Mr" has been appointed Governor of NEW South Wales, and the Australian titled class is now composed OF the few Knights scat tered over the country, and a few scions of the aristocracy in gaoL Tlie receptions AT Govern ment, House will lose half their interest ; and unless Her Majesty carries out her threat, AND gives Duff a little, he and his wife will be struck off the visiting list of some of the best people in Sydney. # # * - ' * PBATEBS are now being offered up for some very diverse objects; at Muttaburra because they have little or no rain,, and by the Ulster people because they are1 likely to' get too much Some Rule. As the latter are getting, in a supply of ammunition and weapons, they are evidently anticipating an unfavorable reply. Should Home Hule be granted and the drought' in the West continue for another month, a number of faithful people will join > ' the great army of scoffers. A VANQUISHED people have at last had a chance of revenging themselves upon their tyrants, and at the same time having a festi val, which, unhappily for them, comes too sel dom. The misfortune of the Brisbane brewers has been the opportun of the scattered band of the original owners of the soil now camped near tidal waters. They disdained other salvage, and used to the full the chance ; which fortune had given them, of indulging their racial hatred, AND at the same TAME quenching their thirst. Until the floods subside it it hardly likely that the watch for stray barrels of beer will be relaxed. # * # # JTOW that 6000 Jews are leaving Russia, politicians out here will be on the alert to see that none of the exiles reach these shores. Bibbs objects to] Assyrians and Jews; and should another invasion be threatend a con ference, as usual, will be proposed. Emigration of the chosen people might be allowed under certain conditions, as for instance. Three hundred refugees might each be presented with a homestead area, on condition that Baron Hirsch. accompanied them AND brought his "cash; the next instal ment to be under the care of one of the family, who would be compelled to give A guarantee that he would invest his capital in land. IF such an arrangment could be made the colonies would largely benefit, and the immigrants would receive all the HL^P^G8 of civilization AND true religion. * : #? * * A BAILIFF'S departure has led to a diecusBion on the question of precedent in a northern Divisional Board. Uliat officer having sent in his resignation, it was read, and one of the member* moved that it be accepted. Another member objected to this, as when I tli« CFEJGF Justice resigned his position there "WAS no motion dealing with its accept ance, 'and what was good enough for a Chief Justice thould be good enough for the Board's bailiff. The mover of the motion pointed out- that it had ? been the custom of the Board LO formally ACEEJJF the resignation of its servants and WAS evidently disposed to resentany Wat Tjlerish interference with the usual routine. The ; general feeling, however, was too sfrong, | amd for the future when the officers of that Board RESIGN they will be treated fin exactly the Same manner as Sir Charles ? V" -;R V ^ The drought at Mattabnrxaha8been,and is, | the severest known for years, and the inhabi- j tante of that district are reduced to their last extremity. One section of .society is offering up prayers for rain, and to keep solid with both sides, another section has put its trust in profanity. The worst of; it u that when rain does come, it will be a difficult matter to decide which sids deserve? the credit. To ensure certainty, the best way would be for each to take week about and judge by re sults. * * * # * THE Belief Committee at Gympie are evidently indisposed to part with the money ? which has been subscribed for the relief of J those who have suffered there, and good ] sense is behind their contention that it would be absurd to-send money to Brisbane only-to have it sent back again. The Central Belief Committee in Brisbane have a very difficult task to perform; and although it will be scarcely possible to avoid errors, subscribers may feel every confidence that the money raised will be distributed in an equitable manner. * , * * # * AT elections sentiment sometimes has an in fluence, and sometimes it has not. In a re cent municipal election down south a retiring Alderman again sought the support of his fellow-citizens, and began an active canvass. About a week before the election while re pairing a roof, he fell about 30ffc on to a tank, breaking his leg, and sustaining other injuries, besides entirely ruining the tank. At the poll he received 9 votes; a re sult which has entirely cured, nothisinjuries, but his desire to be a benefactor to the town in which he lives. # * ' # * AT a recent election a candidate was his own scrutineer, and fell foul of the Returning Officer, who insisted that Chinese voters should record their votes in the same manner as others. After repeated warnings the Re turning Officer summoned a policeman, and had him stationed at the door ready for any emergency ; but the candidate settling down, the elections closed without an arrest being made. As the candidate is a J.P. his incar ceration woq|d have probably led to a riot and attempted rescue by his supporters, who numbered at least 17. # ». * * A BA.ID will shortly be made on those who have for some time been pitching rocks and other objectionable matter in the harbour at Cook town, thereby silting up the channel to town. For the future the boats will have to bring up their ballast and take it ashore, instead of eonTOniftntljr dumping it into deep water.: A - mariner who throws a rock into the Cook town harbour, regardless and indifferent, whether that rock will detain the mail steamer at this "outer bar" deserves some tiling more than censure, and should get it. One block in the navigation would enable the Cairns people to laugh for a month. # * * # HE was seeking the suffrages of the free and independent of a country electorate, and after an eloquent address, , stated that he would be glad to answer any questions. One of the electors promptly responded and asked a number of questions principally bearing on the candidate's previous record, which it appeared was not entirely without blemish. The candidate was exasperated at the unex pected catechism, and in great wrath said to his tormentor--" You're -a cattle duffer Mick, and your father was before you. I want to conduct this fighton decent lines; but if you ask me any more of your dirty questions, I'll The fell in tlie price of Bank of Ireland j shares is ominous. Unionists put it down to fear caused by the pro spec', of the people being allowed to conduct their own business; the Nationalists put it down to the prayers of the Ulster people, whose supplications must have miscarried if their contention is correct. For the future the example of the small boy who wrote on & card in a big round lioid " Please God, send me a bigger gun than Tom Smith's,9 should be followed, and all requests be reduced to writing. * * # * i To make a gift conditional often lessens its usefulness. A man who was appealed to for a donation for the relief of the distress in the South, was for a time deaf to the voice of the charmer; but eloquence at last prevailed. The jubilant collector was writing down the donation, 6s cash, when he was informed by the donor that the money was given on the clear understanding that" no part of it was to be devoted to again " dredging the Brisbane River." The money was accepted but the condition will not be mentioned to the Central Belief Committee. ' * * * m THE Chinese have been charged with almost; every offence possible to fallen man) but until tbe_ past few days none of them have ever been accused of interfering with the parity of election. This high political record baa now been broken, as a Chinaman namal Ah Yow was charged at the Port Douglas Police ' Court with personation. It is only just to say that the accused was acquitted without a stain on has character, and much sympathy has been expressed at what is called his " persecution." Hitherto, politics have been rather an objectionable business, although it has been a strictly white industry; but if our political bosses are partly recruited from the sharpest among the Celestials, what is to be come of the people ? The outloook is de cidedly unpromising, the only hope being that those who now enjoy the monopoly of governing the people will resent any intra- j sion on their domain by people as able, un scrupulous, and much quieter than them selves. , ! * # ?# * THE most interesting, and. exciting contest among the local elections this year has been at Port Douglas, where public feeling has been deeply stirred. For some time before election day it was apparent th .t the contest would stir the great faea:t of the public in a most unusual manner. Even tlie eld of a Chinaman canvasrer was called in, and the ex" ? oitement spread to the 'camp,' trade for the j time being neglected, in eloquent- address in support of two of the candidates was der" lirered ita Hie purest Chinese by a newspaper man.and a vote of confidence passed in them. On the morning of the election it was feared that as party feeling ran bo high the peace might J>e broken, and every precaution was taken by the police to prevent m outbreak. A rumor that one of jthe candidates to spend a pound in drinks if he were re- j turned, tomewliat allayed the excitement, and (he poll closed quietly. A crowd of: fully 40 persons, exactly enough to cut out the pound, aseembled to bear the result. The successful candidates obtained 21 and-; 20 votes, ard the unsuccessful onej 17 and i 15 votes. To the bitter d isappointment of j the 40, the candidate with the £1 did not get j returned; and this disappointment; was' a»g;ava'ed by the successfuljeandida<es taking their friends up to the leading public from which immediately afterwards sounds of rerelry issued. In all 37 electors; must haverecorded their votes; what would have become of the town had there been 100 can I only be~a matter of conjecture. CHTTHCH entertainments daring the past tea years have undergone a considerable change. Before that period a couple oi hours silent prayer was regarded as a most hilarious pro* ceeding. For the change the Salvation Army is largely responsible, as the other sects see that they will have to combine " knee drill/ and great musical and other " goes," if they don't want to be left. As an instance of this, one important body adveitised a "Great Variety Entertainment/' while the visit of a Bishop to a Northern town was made the occasion of a." Cinderella Dance." Whether his lordship was expected to tread a | measure, I cannot say, as the programme is I silent on the subject. This is as it should be, j_and it is not unlikely that before long, church life will be more closely and affectionately associated with tin amusements of the people. * * # * FOB generations past there has been much speculation as to the appearances, which in all countries liavc carried consternation among those whose business compelled them to return to their homes in the dead waste and middle of the night. "These appearances have been called ghosts, bogies &e; &c.; but their real character remained a mystery until Mrs. Besant, with the assistance of a few enthu siasts in the same line, found out the secret. It appears from evidence, which appears to satisfy a number of worthy people, that what is commonly known as a ghost, is merely the ' Astral spirit' of some departed mortal, which resolutely declines to quit the spot it is familiar with. Fortunately, these astral spirits undergo decay, otherwise the law of Malthus would press heavily upon the spiritual population. Although Mrs Besant and her followers have establishedtlie identity of these apparitions beyond reasonable doubt they are silent on the question of their necessity. The inference is that the reform of the habits of the Astral moiety of a human being is just as urgent as the improvement of his earthly portion. Until further particulars are to hand, Astral spirits must remain as big a nuisance as the familiar old-timer the ghost. # # # # CHEDUMTY is the leading mental charac teristic of all ages, civilization merely chang ing its direction not its nature. Prophets have been honored at all times, not excepting the present, and there are indications, appa rent that their popularity lias not decreased. The old style of prophet who lived in caves, whose manners were objectionable, and whose rattier erratic appearances carried dismay among the faithful, lias gradually" receded before the shower bath; his place having been taken by a well dressed, and ,clean indi vidual, whose only resemblance to the ancient seer is that he is equally unreliable, la fact, so far as the evidence, which is admittedly imperfect, goes, the modern prophet or expert is not in in ft with those in the same Hna ages ago. When the recent failures of Mr. Wragge to predict the weathe% and tbe thousands of wild and unreliable prophecies in connection with the Melbourne Gup are contrasted with the eminent success of Joseph, in the land of Egypt, under exceed ingly disadvantageous circumstances, one is forced t3 the conclusion th^the ancient pro fessors ' could give points and a beating to those we now believe in. As Joseph's most bril liant tips weremiadein gaol, the expsriment of placing Mr. Wragge in a similar establish-' ment might well be made in the interests of the public. The parts of the Chief Baker and Butler could be taken by a couple-of members of the Civil Service Board, as they mustbecapital bands to dream. The experi ment would create much public interest, and might result in a prophecy that Queensland has now a chance of seven jeara of plenty# 