CURRENT TOPICS. A notable sign of tho times in matters political is that freo-trado is now generally admitted to bo an insufficient base for can didates and leagues to Btand upon with any decree of safety. "Free-trade and laud reform" is now the resort of oue faction ; "free-trade and liberal" that of anothar, while free-trade and democracy has its scattered supporters also. The days when the name of freo-trade was of itself capable of alluring voters havo pnssod, and honce we havo the various combinations of political catchwords which orators on the watch for ft UlSsOlUvlOU Ukiu AvLUSlOlllLU Lv vApfvaoi JLllv Free-trade aud Liberal Association— one of the many organisations of which Mr. B. R. Wisk has been the Jonah — is to reappear to. day, and its uncalled for disinterment is to bo distinguished by the reappearance of Mr. E. Fulsfoud, and heralded by the oratory of Mr. M'Millan. What the latter will say we may readily anticipate, as be has already published li s opposition to the views expressed by tho Reid and Wise faction of fiscal rebels. Mr. Pulsford's present political gospel, however, is still involved in some mystery. Except for purposes of public amusomcnt it might properly retain its obscurity; but we really are curious to know how ho will justify his refusal to follow the two politicians whom it has so long been his business and delight to flatter and support with the doubtful influence of his voice and goosequill. The North .Sydney Labor League has with all due solemnity resolved— "That the Freo-trade aud Land Reform League was designed to thwart tho objeots of tho Labor Electoral Leagues, and was simply formed for the purpose of booming played-out politicians." Tho simple directness of this pronouncement proves that the sup porters of tho resolution are too keen of political insight to "barrack" for Messrs. IiEiDaud Wise, and that as far as tho N. S. L. L. is concerned the reign of this pair has come to a Budden end. That tho League should have so resolved is of more credit to their candor than to their discernment. Anyone who haB read tho extraordinary and con stantly conflicting assertions of tho two barristers namod must havo coma to the conclusion that they woro out on a political angling exoursion, and wero not quite sure which bait would catch most fish. With re gard to tho N. S. L. L., wo could wish tlia t their candor had baeu carried a step fur ther, and that we might havo been informed as to tho politicians whom that League desires to boom. We suppose that as the League regards Reid and Wise as played out, thore aro members of the League ready to fill the places of the despised twain. It may oven be that among the supportors of the condemnatory motion wo have oitcd there are men who could bo persuaded to serve their country in place of tho men who havo beon condemned as " played out." Sir Henry Norman's appointment to tho Govornor-Generalship of India in succession to tho Marquis of Lansdownc is something of a surprise. This post has for a consider able timo )been regarded as the prize eminout statesmen, generally of high arisio cratic rank. Tho salary is £16,700 per annum, to ivhich lordly stipend the ncv Viceroy will jump from Queensland's modes £5000. The rulo of appointing ir.en at rank aud political renown to the chieftain ship of India has not been broken through causelessly upsn this occasion. Thq new Governor hiaisolf believes that his appointment ib due to the fact that ho is a soldier, and that Indian matters are at present in an unquiet stato. The Imperial Government has doubtless good reason for abandoning tlio civilian for the military viceroy. But the Governor of Queensland ha9 long been divorced from the profession of arms, and is .well on in years. It seom3 curious that Lord Roberts has not beon appointed to tho post. As a soldier oven Sir Hexuy Norman will admit his remarkable superiority ; while aB a ruler he is asserted to have displayed extraordinary tact aud diplomatic resouroo in dealing with tho wilder tribes auu peoplos of India. A fow days ago Lord Roberts was mentioned in conneotion with the appointment, but apparently the home authorities have determined to shelve Lord Roberts, just as Labouciieiie, of Lon don Truth, predicted would bo the case. They passed bim over in the matter of the Aldershot command, which hns been assimi lated by ono of the scions of England's capa cious Royal Family. That was perhaps inevitable, for wherever State pickings are Royal dukes and suohliko are entitled to como first; but if Lord Roberts expected the Indian Governor-General ship the selection of Sir Henry Norman for tho position must bo extremely galling to him, and at the same timo extremely unjust. Lord Roberts unquestionably has the most powerful claims to the post of all tho soldier.- in the Empire. If England is determined to shelve her ouiy other general, then so much the worse for England. At tho saino time Australia will wish Sir Henry Norman sucoess in the position to which ho has been translated. In Queens land, as in Jamaica, he has proved hinuelf a courteous and capablo man of affairs. The Imperial Federation Lcaguo is not dead after all. It has but changed its habitation ; or if it gave up the ghost in London it was ouiy to be reincarnated in Melbourne. The executive committee of tho Imperial Fede ration League lias arranged to hold a public meeting in the Melbourne Town Hall on Monday next to support the Australian federation movement. Heretofore thore has boon a suspicion in the mind of tlio well-informed Australian nationalist that the movement for the federation of the colonies, agredablo as such a federation would be to any enlightened citizen of this country, is a matter in which the Imperial federationist has displayed a quite super fluous interest. That suspicion now doepens into certainty. Once or twice, indeed, it has been asserted at Imperial federation gatherings in London that it would be easier for negotiations to federate tho Empire to bo carried on with one Government representing United Australia than with the numerous colonial Govern ments at present existing. It is evident that the main body of Imperial fedcrationists have been converged to this view. To further their ends it is necessary that the powerful but separate provinces of Aus tralia should be united, and with a candor that argues. little faith in Australian perspi cacity their object is now flauntingly avowed. That the transpontine resurrcc tion of Imperial , federation should taka place in Melbourne is not snrprising, for that city - has always been curiously attracted by tho Imperial idea, whilo, excepting in ono or two notable instances. New South Wales has bsen sturdily Aus tralian iu the temper of its political senti ment. There is reason to be grateful that tho Imperial federation conspirators ia Australia have unmasked, although the immediate result may be to put Australian federation somewhat further back than it was before. But it will come, and only in the form acceptable to Australians. 