MINISTERIAL. (BY EliECTBIO TELEGRAPH.) HOBABT. July 26. I Macfarlane Brothers are advieed that the s.s. Buabine left the Cape on the 20th inat , and she is due here on Augnst S, but should the steamer meit with favorable weather ehe may be looked for a day earlier. The new Govtroor, Viacoont Gormanston, is ex lufifaJ +A A 1 I I «a t,v l«A» M ^ 1 1 LjtlJ a Cabinet meeting to decide what form of reception will be accorded, but in the present' slate cf the finances it is not likely that any elaborate display will be made. The Treasurer will deliver his financial statement to-morrow evening. The Opposi tion wi 1 probably meet on Friday morning to decide what course to adopt, whether tbey will debate the statement on Friday eight, or defer the discussisn till Tuesday, It is likely the latter course will be adopted, as the Northern memters will not, in ell probability, come down till next week. Givr Folic® Cottbt.— Mr G. W, Water house, P.M., had only one case to dispose ot yesterday. A man, charged with being drunk and disorderly In Wellington-street, was fined 10a, in default three days in gaol. Fire usr Oaxxixq st&kst.; — About 11 o'clock -esteiday morning a fire occurred at the residence of Mr IngUs in Canning* street. It appears some linen was being aired in front of afire in the dining-room, and while llrs Inglia was engaged ironing in an adjoining apartment it Is supposed tbat a spsrk flew oat and set alight tbe clothes. Some painters working close handy were apprised of the danger the premises were in, and immediately rendered valuable assis tance by extinguishing the fire with the aid ot a garden hose. In the meantime an alarm wss vigorously rang out from the central station, and in a very few minutes Superintendent Bennell and the membrrs of the brigade, with their reels, were on the scene, but their services were not called into requisition. The left side of the mantel shelf was scorchei a little, and afewatticles of clothing partially destroyed, tut on ths whole the damage done was only slight. The building was insured in the Cornwall office for £400, and the furniture for £200 in the Phoenix office. WESLVYAK CHURCH, P-ATTEBBOK-gTREET. —At this church, at lest night's servicc, the Bev. D, J. Flockart gave an interesting analytical address on Paul's first mission in Ephesus. A graphic description was given of the city of Ephesus, its world-renowned temple and goddess, its theatre and circua. fauls mission was shown to be to bring pore religion to the Ephesians, and to dc- clare the Holy Ghost unto the Ohiistiau dieciples whom he found among them. For three years he labored, entering into the work of Apolloe, first in the synagogue and afterwards in tbe school of Tyrannus, seek' ing to make known to all Asia the Gospel of Jceub Christ The result of Paul's faithful loll was noticed as given in Acts xxiL, E7. The following practical lessons enforced : — Showing religion, like that of Ephesian idolaters, lacks purity ; Christians shoold take up each other's work and preach Jeans in ana through the Holy Ghost, for it is possible to have much religion and little power ; Christiana should avoid by God's grace leaving their first love and returning to the ways of the world and sin. Much interest wee given to the service by a pre pared analysis of the address, which was distributed to the congregation as they entered the church. Tbe Mechanics' iKSTrrtTTE. — At the monthly meeting of the board of managers of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute and Free Library held on Tuesday evening last, Mr Alex* Fowler, M.E.A., was elected as one of tbe vice- presidents of tbe Institute to fill tbe vacancy caused by the death of Mr A. W. BlrchalL Tbe Govebhmevt Bail ways. — The express train, which usually leaves Laun ceston for Hobart at 8 p.m., will ba de spatched to day at 12'i5, reaching Hobart at 6 30 p.m. This alteration will enable mem bers of Parliament to be present at the unfolding of tho Treasurer's ^wawriri- state ment, Mb H.N.TayxiOB.— -We are sorry to re cord that ths Government Inspector of Works for Northern Tasmania (Mr H. N. Taylor) is confined to his bed with a severe cold, contracted during hia visit to the Hadspen Bridge on Tuesday.' Ths absence of Mr Taylor at the present time will be generally regretted. He has rendered valu able services in the emergency which has fallen upen the city, and we are Only ex pressing the wiah of a large aectton of the community when we trust he will be speedily restored to health. St. Andrew's Literary Association meets lo*night at 7*80, Cor-^|i.^Mr A^onjgomery {gfe&lcgical; eurveyof).-iniiU3ectvxe on'3!' Copper to night at the ifcchanlcs' Institute, wiU sake ?pedal refsrenoo to tho Mount Lyellmine, in which ^'jnuch intirett josHfefs at the present time. jTiic reports^B^Jr. Petera show that this la likely to become ens of the ft^O&ttlnSS;'ffi^he'worlfl.a.hffifife wnrkinp ptltonthe |mm£Bse telle proffl^a nijufc be bt -tienefit jbotbe colony both 'directly -and Jndirecfclyr^the ^ectnre is the fourtfe ofifhe serifs arrangftUby. -the vMetihanlc?4n*iitnte and the Association Of * Trades and Jlann* facturra, ^ . ,? ? tebueroDK Tail^^-The exccrgloh''tndn was fun fxfom . ¥lngal to Launbeeto'n^and intermediate stations -yesterday with' a fair number of passen^ers on ^board. The train arrived here at noon, and left on the return journey about 4 SO p.m. . Fault at jhb WoBD'e Faxb.— Canada (says the special correspondent ol the makes a wonderfully fine Interesting display of frutlB,-iho production of which, especially apples and table grapes, is one of the staple industries of the Dominion. The province of Ontario alone 'abows III -varie- ties of apples, 6t varieties of strawberries, 56 ot plums, ^18 of -grapes, 76 ot p~ears,-20 of gooseberries, cherries, and 20 of peaches. This province tu sow 5000 acres .under vines, and from one wayside railway station alone,' Winona, 10 miles from Hamilton, BPOD jtoas ;of grapes were despatched last jear, yielding .a return to the grower of from 2 to B cents, or Id to l}d her lb, a ?rofi table return on the capital invested. he gooseberries and-corrants shown in tho Canadian section arp the biggest .1 ever beheld, the latter l-eing as large as medium Bleed grapes. Altogether 8000 large glass cylinders are on exhibition, contributed by private exhibitors and by the five experi mental farms in the Dominion, The most prised apples grown in Canada are asfollow:. —Winter varieties: NnrtliPTTi Rnv flwun. ing, Baldwin, King and Wealthy, Autumn : Graveastein, £nmtaer; ' Bed As trachea and : Dnchesa ; of ^ Oldenburg. 'Conversing with one of the, experts in charge, |fr.l! Woolverton, secretary of the Fruit Growers' Association ot Ontaciot I. got a fall and dear deBcription ot the 'method of packing apples for the J&^glish market, . Barrels are used with a capacity of nearly threebushels. These are turned upside down, with the Ud on, and the bottom removed. The apples are then packed on the lid, stem end to wards it. They are carefully graded accord ing to the color, use, and form .into extras, firat grade, and second grade, and only one grade is put into each barrel. Thus an , apple crop of one variety will have all the 1 same flavor, but will be marketed in three grades, in accordance with the outward ap pearance of the fruit. The ''apples are arranged in layers till they reach about Sin above the rim of the barrel. A lever press is then applied, which packs them in tightly —to that motion is impossible — without crushing the fruit. The bottom is then fixed into the cask, the whole is well coopered, and the barrel is turned upside down into its proper position and branded. Extra fine apples ar« packed in kega the 6:ze of the ordinary barrel, and some times — but rareiy-^ach individual fruit is wrapped in tis&ue; paper. These points by no means exhaust the lessons to be learned from the pomologfcal exhibition at the World's Fair ; but 1 have written enongh to ebow that everyone interested in the fruit growing industry who visits Chicago this year can carry away with bim information of an invaluable nature, A PLEA. FOB THE DIBEOT VETO.— The following is a translation of a letter from a native Maori chief at Hokianga to the Bev. H. H. Lawry Mangamuka, Hokianga, Julyl,l&93\. Mr Lawry. Sir,— Salutations to you, ts all of you. I wish to tell you about our annoyance at a Buropecn who is opening an hotel for selling spirit ucus liquors at Mangamuka, at the great bridge of the Mangamuka :Biver. All the chiefs of this part petitioned tbe Hokianga .Council to prevent that dreadful evil ; but it oould not be prevented. We are now getting up a iret o petition to the great Parliament at Wellington (10 people sign it), to drive away that hotel and cause it to cease, because our young people will be troubled by tb-t drink, and the good influences of religi.on will be injured. For this reason 1 write to ycu to assist us with suitable counsel, that the hotel may not be opened here. It is true that the European owns the land on which tho public house is standing ; but Maoris are the only people, there are no Europeans only two tiore keepere. Consider the matter and devise come means for closing that hoteL The license has been issued to him for ibe hotel ; the Council granted it. But it is for you to search out some plan, either from the Euro pean members of Parliament, or from the Bev. Leonard 11. Isitt, to tramples down tbiB hotel, and strongly oppose those Europeans who are setting up this hotel at Mangamuka. Great is their persistence. All the people of Mangamuka are unwilling for tbat honss to be open for the sale of intoxicating drinks ; but the European owner of tbe house still persists. 1 continoally pray that it may be overthrown. By tho church, perhaps, or by you, or by people in authority, perhaps, he may he persuaded, aud caused perhaps to cease. Now you understand that all the peopie 01 aiaugamuaa, including toe women J and children, and all tbe chiefs, are peti tioning for that house not to be established in Mangamuka, although the European is the owner of the land. I must conclude my remarks. Many have been my praiets in secret that that house, so dreaded, might not be opened ; but it has been opened, and the spirituous liquore will arrive during the month. Write to me, instructing me whatl should do under similar troubles. Enough.— Fromyourlovingsonandfaithfultoyou, from PlBlFI BAKENA, Sikgdlab Tbade Dibpute.— A singular trade dispute was heard at Bow-street (Lon don) Polios Court on June 12, A dealer bought 72 boxes of tomatoes in Covcnt garden Market, on the strength of a sample* box opened in his presence. Nearly all the fruit turned out to be rotten, and the sailer, Henry Levy, of the Floral Hall, Covent garden, w&s; summoned for selling fruit which wps unfit for food. For the defence it w«8 contended that, according to the rules of the market, tho'buyer took his chance of the quality of the bulk after seeing the sample goods ; and that if some of tbe fruit, as in this instance, wss found to be bad, he should have made his profit out of that which was good. Mr Lnsbj&gton; fined ths defendant £20, or a month's imprisonment. Cayalbv Curates.— An ecclesiastics41 corps, called ' Cavalry Curates,' bas jus been formed in connection with the Church of Fngland. In out'of-the way districts, where the population is scant and sparse, small chapels of iron or other material will be constructed, in which the services will be conducted by ' Cavalry Curates' supplied with, lithe and etrong ponice for the purpose, who will not only prcach in half a- dozen places on Bnnday, but will arrange to hold galloping ministrations during tho weok. Tbis (says an English journal) is the latest energdic forward movement on the part of the Church. Deafness Permanently Cubed.— A gentleman who cured himself of Deafness and Noises in the Head, of many yean' standing, by a new method, will be pleased to send -full particulars, with copies ot testi monial^ etc., for two stamps. The most sue* ccsaful treatment ever introduced. Address Herbert Clifton, 51 Upper Kennington Lane London, BJB, The residents of Creasy and neighborhood are promised a great treat to-morrow nigbt. A grand vocal and instrumental concert will be given by Launceston amateurs, including Mrs James Anderson and Mr Lawrecc? Campbell, our inimitable elocutionist, who will give eiveral of his masterly recitations. B. D. Richards and Oo., warehousemen, Brisbane-street, announce the winding up sale of Allen and Davidson's tfock. The price list, which will be found in another full column ia this isaue, notifies immense reductions in all classes of drapery and clothing. . The sale advertised to take place at Moat ferm to-day has boon postponed for the It is notified that the Cataract Cliff Grounds will be closed at a p.m. until farther notice. J. H. Boom, draper, Brisbane-street, states he is offering his enormous stock of drapery and clothing at a great sacrifice on ordinary prices. China Tonic,' for the speedy relief of debility, nervousness, neuralcia, etc., may b? bed at the Homoeopathic Pharmacy, Bria* bine-Street; Canvassers and collectors are wanted for the Citizens' Life Aasnrauce Gjmpauy. We are requested to note tho following addition baa bsen made to the list of tele phone subscribers :— Mr A. Edward Ever *hcd, manager of India Rubber Company, 68 Brisbane-street ; telephone, No. 14G. ? 