The Carcoar Tragedy. . THE CONDEMNED MAN VISITED: BY HIS MOTHER. A LETTER FROM MRS. GLASSON. MRS. FHILLIPS'S CONDITION. BT TBLEOitAnt 1 Stdnbt. Sundoy. Ginsaon wns yoatordfty visit Gd by his mother, bub it is uot known what transpired Whoa parting, however, tho son's last words wore, " Nover mind, doar mother, wo shall soon moot nbovo." Glasson, for tho Carcoar murdors, is' to be hanged iu Bathurat Gaol on Wednesday noxt. His unhappy wife has written to mrs. Oavanagh, tho mothor of tho young lady who wasmurdored, tho following lottor : — " xaralift. Darling Point, Friday, My doar Mrs. Oavanagh,— It almost breaks my heart having to writo to you, but storn duty oompots it. I hoar from Mr. Bonnett of your Bnd. noble heart, and got up this morning from asiok bed tooomoandseoyou, but, to my great sorrow,' found you had left Sydney. lam trying to got up an appeal for my unfortunate husband on tho ground of insanity, and I wantyonto forgivo him, for you must Iniow he was mad to do tho torriblo deed. Tho strong proofs of insanity in the Glasson family show this very plainly. All who know him oan toll how good and laud ho was, and how at varianoo with his former llfo thia dood is. Do not, I implore you, withhold your forgiveness; your angel daughter will look down from hor homo above, and wish you to forgivo. Oh, dear Mrs. Oavanagh, you cannot beliovo how unhappy lam! My heart is too full to writo more. All I oan say is that if the worst oomos, Almighty God wiU take mo aud my unborn ohild to ft bettor and brighter world. — Your heart broken friend, Amnxb Mat Glasson." Mrs. Phillips, the wife of ono of Glasson' viotims, and who was noarly done .to doath by tho murderer, has arrivod in Sydney. - She - hovered for days and weeks between life and doath, and at ono time it was thought tho great shook and ihe awful wound sho received would be too muoh for her. The careful nursing and tho attention bostowod on hor by her Garooax . friends pullod her through, and no (writes a Sydney correspondent) sho is , able v to. move about. A friend who has seen her since' her arrival in Sydney says sho. looks very pale— more libo a ghost than a human being. Her face is polo and bloodless, and hor eyes sunken and look lustro. It is not to be wondered at, poor woman. She has had an awfnl experience, and how she got through it, . goodness only . knows. It is thought here that the City Bank will give her an annuity. Somo say the cor poration will bo nice and put her down for £300 per annum. It is to be , hoped so, for certainly though poor Phillips was unable to defend himself, ho did alihe oould' to' provent tho bonk being robbed, and he lost his life in the defence of tho Corporation property. 