COMPLIMENTARY BANQUET. MR. WILLIAM P. STEWART. MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK. A BRILLIANT GATHERING. At the invitation of Mr. W. H. Kelynack, the manager for Queensland of the Mutual Life Insurance Company of Now York, there was a very large gathering of financial, medical, and business men of Brisbane in the Imperial Hotel, last night. The cause of the assemblage was a banquet given to honour Mr. William P. Stewart, the professional actuary and instructor of agents for the company, and Major Z. C. Rennie, the general manager for Australia. The banquet ranked as one of the best which have ever taken place in the city. It was given in the large dining-room of the hostelry. The floral decorations were of a prolific character ; the menus, if not exactly works of art, closely approached it, consisting of sixteen pages of elegantly printed matter, containing full information as to the official composition of the company, both here and in America. The musical portion of the programme was on a similarly elaborate scale, and during the progress of the dinner a programme of eight pieces were performed by a string band under the conduct of Herr Rosendorff. To add to the comfort of the guests and to increase tho brilliance of the scene the aid of Messrs. Barton, White, and Co. had been called in, and eleatric fans and additional lights were installed. The guests included the following gentlemen :-The Hon. T. J. Byrnes, M.L.O. (Solicitor-General), Hon. J. C. Heussler, M.L.C. (Consul for Germany and Netherlands), Mr. Barron L. Barnett,(Consul for Italy), Mr. Charles Warde (Consul for Sweden and Norway), Mr. W. J. Weatherill (United States Consul), Hon. JamesE. Dickson, M.L.A., Hon. A. Rutledge, M.L.A., Hon. John Donald- son, M.L.A., Hon. B. B. Moreton, Hon. W. Forrest, M.L.C, his Honour Judge Paul, Mr. John Mathieson (Chief Commissioner of Rail- ways), Mr. D. J. Abercrombie (Commercial Banking Company of Sydney), Mr. G. H. Al. Addison, Mr. George Agnew, M.L.A., Dr. W. S. Byrne, Captain J. J. Byron, Mr. 0. H. Buzacott, Mr. W. T. Blakeney, Mr. A. Bryant (Bank of North Queensland), Mr. J. R. Baxter Bruce, Mr. A. D. Campbell, Mr. J. J. Clarke, Mr. Alex. Corrie, Mr. J. A. Corrie, Mr. T. 0. Cowlishaw, Mr. A. L. Daw- son (Commercial Banking Company of Syd- ney), Mr. J. B. Dickson, jun., Mr. Horace Earle, Mr. George Eddington (Bank New South Wales), Mr. Thomas Finney, Mr. C. B. Fletcher, Mr. James Forsyth, Mr. 0. M. Foster, Mr. Richard Gailey, Mr. M. B. Gannon, M.L.A., Dr. F. M. Geoghegan, Mr. E. A. M. Goertz, Mr. Edwin G. Goertz, Dr. J. H. Griffin, Mr. P. de Jersey Grut (English, Soottish, and Australian Chartered Bank), Mr. T. M. Hall, Mr. J. A. Holdsworth (District Railway Traffic Manager), Mr. James T. Isles, Dr. E. S. Jackson, Mr. W. H. Kent, Mr. W. M. King, Mr. Harold Lilley, Mr. J. Love, Mr. John Macdonald (New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Com- pany), Mr. A. Macintosh (Royal Bank), Mr. Julius Martin, Mr. Hugh Milman, Mr. G. P. M. Murray, Mr. H. J. Oxley, Captain 0. E. De F. Pennefather, Mr. George H. Perry, Mr. James B. Beid, Dr. R. Rendle, Mr. Pring Roberts, Mr. W. H. Ryder, Mr. D. G. Stuart (Queensland National Bank), Mr. W. K. Salton, Dr. R. B. Scholes, Mr. E. E. Smith, Mr. Robert Murray Smith, Mr. C. J. W. South, Dr. R. Thompaon, Mr. A. Trimble, Mr. J. 0. Warner, Dr. J. A. Wheeler, Mr. T. E. White, Mr. George Woolnough, M.A., and others. The Chairman (Mr. Kelynack) proposed the toast of "The Queen," which was loyally honoured. The CHAIRMAN proposed the toast of the guests of the evening, " Professor Stewart and Major Bennie." He said it was with great pleasure that he submitted the toast, but at the same time he had to regret the absence of Major Rennie. He had, however, received a telegram from that gentleman in which he regretted that physical afflic- tion and very important company busi- ness required his absence. To the Queensland guests he sent his compliments and best wishes. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Kelynack) had known Major Rennie since his arrival in Australia, and to know him was to like him. Personally he regretted his absence very much. As to Professor Stewart, it gave him great pleasure to welcome him to Queensland. (Ap- plause.) Their guest had visited the other colonies first, but he had paid this colony the compliment of seeing it last, although it was not the least of the group. (Hear, hear.) Were the present event a banquet in the United States, where culture and genius were fully accorded prominence he would have no need to introduce to them Professor Stewart. As it was there was little need for him to do so, for as soon as that gentleman had appeared here he had made his mark. (Applause.) He asked them to drink the health of their guest. (Applause.) Professor STEWART said from the menu in his hand he saw he had been tendered the honour of this banquet, both in his character as a pro- fessional actuary and as a staff representative of the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. He had not that assumption of pride in his own attainments which would permit him to consider their presence there that night as a compliment to these. In his judgment there were but few living men who would be justified, in laying such a flattering unction to their souls as that so much of the representative mind and worth of Queensland should assemble to do them Individual honour. He had been feted from one end of Australia to the other ; he had been treated with the utmost kindness by the Press and the people generally ; but he had never for a moment lost his head, or discarded that practical sense which was the heirloom of the English tongue. With the very first tender of regard, he knew it was the American that was entertained-the United States of America that was honoured-and the love for the dear old mother race of them all that had extended the grasp of affection. (Applause.) It had been his good fortune to give utterance to sentiments that they had been pleased to re- gard with favour, and to acquit himself as a representative of his country in a manner that they had been pleased to applaud ; for this he took no credit to himself, for he felt that with the inspiration of such a presence there needed only a strain of English, or Scotch, or Irish blood in one's veins to make one an orator, and he had at least two of these, if not all three. But, as they were well aware, his visit to this city was in more than a personal character ; it was as more than the represen- tative of America, or the writer collecting materials for a book, that he tarried with them. He was here primarily in the interests of the largest financial institution in the United States-the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, a society of co-insurers, the largest in numbers, and the largest in means, of any insurance company in the world. It had the virtue of being the property of its policy-holders wherever they might come to reside; and, for this reason, to be a home company in every country where it opened an office, and this so long as there might be a policy-holder resident to claim its care. Many present were policy-holders of that great cor- poration, and all of them its friends-as men in their positions were the friends, always, of great merit. He knew, therefore, that they anticipated from him some utterances in its behalf, which it would be his pleasure to make later on. He was sure also that they ex peoted him to speak to them of Amerioa, as of a country with which they desired the closest commercial intercourse, and with whioh they ono day expected to make a partition wall of the equotor. (Applause.) But ho was afraid thoy would be disappointed in what he should say of this, because he felt more as the philosopher that night than as the patriot. He would say in passing, however, as extending his last re- mark, that the voice of America was not to be heard from the lips of one man, nor its State- craft to be influenced by, the desires of a separate people. Yet, after all, America could ' feel only as in the heart of some one, and would think only as in the brain of a single in- dividual, and when her friendship was pledged it would bo with the grasp of but .one right hand, J/' It was then butworldly prudence, veil ¡tas they might, to aot on the supposition that with some near or remote, effect-politically, financially, and sooially-it was Australia and America that wero in touoh when an Amorioon and an Australian embraced. Amerioa oould use all their wool, and one day its people would buy their moot ; for they would later on be able to supply it to Amerioa's groat cities oheaper than they .would be able to raise it on the plains that wore now fast being covored with towns and oitios, as with the rub of Aladdin's lamp. Tho late oleotion had undoubtedly oponed the door to Australia, but they must not expect to have it all their own way, and to send over thoir ships freighted with Australian produce, only to come book in ballast with American dollars. But all that was a question of politics, with which that gathering had nothing to do, and he therefore dropped the subjeot with the prophecy that, early in the coming century, America and Australia would be found at the two ends of a Paoifio cable, and nearer each other by a week's journey, and with a short out to the Eastern markets, and an alternate road to Europa through tho Nicaraguan Canal. (Applause.) Of the great Mutual Life of Now York ho would say but a word, and that in no sensu of the shop. It had many competitors, and was not without its detractors. In fact, he might fairly say it was the one centre of life insurance hubbub, and for the same reason that around the player who holds the ball in a foot game there was to bo seen the rush-and-tumblo of the field. But it was not necessary that ho should take up the oudgels in its bohalf, or that ho should indulgo in a specific statement of those merits which had made it tho promoter of tho more dignified and more benign methods of life insurance the world around. In his speooh at Sydnoy they might havo read of the prinolple involved in all formB of insurance, and of its potenay and worth. In his speooh m Melbourne they might have read of the lntcBt contribution to the scienoe of life under- writing, and of the one great author of these the company of his identity. In his speooh that night he intended to oonfino himself more to the presentation of the professional actuary and statist, and to indulge them moro in the strain of what he should call the " Philosophy of Vital Statistics." If he couid indulge in in- dividual eulogism in a matter that so nearly concerned himself, it would be on an occasion like this, where they were all oommittod to a kindly thought of eaoh other by the salt they had eaten in common. Ho would like to set forth the oharaoters of the mon who comprised the official staff of the Mutual Life of New York. He could almost ohallenge them with safety to name a man of any prominence in the United States that was not a policy-holder in that great oompany. It was only within some six years that its management aonaludcd to make it a mutuality of the civilised world, and he ventured to say that when it had reached its first centennial the same ohallenge might then be offered as for all nations. But it was of its president, Mr. Richard A. M'Curdy, of its vice- president, Mr. Robert A. Gramiss, and of ita general manager, Dr. Walter R. Gillette, that he would like to speak that night, were it not that they were cast in a mould whioh merely personal praise would belittle. He might say, though, with strict propriety, as mentioning no names, that they might read in the offioial organ of the oompany-tho Weekly Statement -legal popers, emanating from their law de- partment, whioh insurance lawyers commended as with one voice, and they might read there papers, emanating from their medical depart- ment, which physicians, and insurance examiners of the general insurance world, praised without criticism. He might also say that at the head of the company's aotuorial department was to bo found a man with Boientifio attainments so broad that he reflected lustre on the whole profession. So on, through a galaxy of financial ability, with their treasurer at ita hoad ; of routine ability, with thoir seoond vioe-president and secretary in direot supervifaion ; of the Vouohors' Depart- ment, with their auditor at its head ; and so on through the list of brilliant minor officers until he reaohed the lower rung of the ladder in himself. But with these serious minded men descriptive flights were not to bo thought of ; the mere fact of thoir being where thoy were was supposed to tell its story; but with himself they saw it was différant. He was yet a climber, and did not mind people saying pleasant things about him ; and he sincerely trusted they were alike in that respect, for he could indulge nothing but eulogism in his talk of Australians, and he would like to feel free to make this somewhat manifest. For the piosont he must indulge tho philosopher. The consensus of popular opinion was to the conclusion that the vitality of their race was waning ; that, in fact, life with thom was being shortened, as the consequence of the so-called vioes of civilisation. From promises of suppo- sition merely, more than one book, and more than one essay bad been printed, and sermon preached, to a sequence of physical and mental, and he might say, moral deterioration that would leave humanity without a hope. "Each generation grows more effeminate," said these mentors, because the need of physi- cal culture on lines of physiological harmony was more and more ignored; and because exorcise was indulged in merely in those excesses of pleasure that weakened rather than strengthened the muscular system. The close of tho nineteenth century was giving birth to a race of smaller heads, it was said, and of lesser constitutional reserves, because of the growing complexity of society, the swifter currents of trade, the sharper competition of the many, and the consequent increasing tax on individual energy. There was a growth in nervous dis- orders, said authorities, there was an increase in insanity, and a larger disposition to committ suicide ; a reckless taking to drink, to gambling, and to those vices which demoralise and dis- courage. Some good men told them in sub- stance, that the wholesome restraints of morality and religion were now being fought against ; that sentiment was now laughed at, that genius was now employed by tho hour, and that art had become a ballet-dancer. It was an aphorism of his that facts left records, and it was also a habit of his to turn to the index of these whenever a statement interested him. It was a proverbial saying that "figures won't lie," as though they had a way of falling into exact relations of truth, as the bits of glass in a kaleidoscope, into exact angles. But in his experience he had found figures to be the most arrant liars ; and such, because of their known universal exemption from popular analysis and understanding. Instinatively the reader would skip the table of supporting figures in the text of special assertion or argument, and content himself with the unverified statement of their significance. (Hear, hear.) Bat for him the searching of statistics had always had the charm as of auriferous mountains to the gold-hunter ; and to bim their revelations had always Bpoken as with the rhythm of poetry, and under his touoh their light had always sparkled as with the scintillations of raro goms. From his study of the dry facts of the world, limited though it had been to tho short work-hours of one little life, he had gathered conclusions that were directly opposed to the present popular pessimism. To him human existence was intensifying, the span of individual life was broadening, and the strength of men, par- ticularly as massed humanity, was more herculean than ever. (Applause.) The facts which sustained him in this opinion lay every- where at hand. Labour was now housed in palaces and clothed in the raiment of kings as contrasted with its former opportunity and means. Laws were now everywhere enacted for the preservation of life ; sanitary conditions were now everywhere studied as the primary consideration of municipal govern- ment, quarantines were now built as stone walls acrossthe pathway of epidemics, the percentage of wrecks by sea and accidents on shore grew yearly less, because collective science was now tho mariner of tho deep, and experienced prudence now signalled from tho watch towers of the land. Surgeons now made daily con- quests over diseases once regarded as beyond the skill of man. The more enlightened practice of medicine was now supplemented by the skilled nurse ; and tho pathological chemist was constantly discovering specific antidotes to the more definite types of disease. The dis- covery of quinine alone had lessoned the death roll of the world over a tenth. Prisons were coming to be reformatories, hospitals vied with each other in their percentages of cure—as cities advertised their respective merits in the lowness of the death rate. Tho human mind was everywhere busy with tho problems of preven- tion, as the human heart everywhere was throbbing with plans for relief. A disaster in Europe was now felt as a calamity in America, and tho granaries of the world opened to the cry of hunger from its remoter parts. They now made ice at the equator, and melted it at the poles ; all extremes of climate were now everywhere within reaoh of a few days' journey; all seasons were present in the general market, and every year increased tho variety of pro- ducts and diminished tho cost to the consumer. Tho forces of nature were everywhere becoming the bond slave of industry; and more and more tho earth yielded up" to man tho means of his comfort and enrichment. Life was no longer a builder of pyramids, or a dweller within lean-to huts ; human society was fast becoming an enclosure within perpendicular walls, instead of a series of terraces rising from ignorance to disdain. (Hear, hoar.) Many years ago he discovered, in studying the vital statistics of America, that the death rate of emigrant life, particularly that of tho German, was materially greater than that of tho American; and that the vitality of tho Semitic American was mate- rially greater than that of tho Anglo-Saxon, native or foreign. He found the family records of peoplo in the hotter portions of the country better than in the colder; since then he had discovered tho percentage of old age, in the annuals death rate of the more settled communities, to be a steady increase when divided into decades; and that tho contrast of one cycle with another, for the last 500 years, warranted him in the belief that the twentieth century would chronicle the longest span of human life tho world has seen. (Hw., hour.) Just now there was a cry going the world round for physical culture; and boys' colleges, and girls' semi- naries, were being turned into nurseries for outdoor sports, and indoor gymnastics ; with a growing disposition to gamble on the en- durance of legs, or tho strength of arms ; or to wreathe chaplets of honour for the hero of the kick, or the heroine of a jump. Happily, in contrast with this there was also a tidal wave going the world round, under the inspiration of the Chautauqua circles of America; and the basic mass of humanity was really coming to be the cultured of tho world; and the teacher rather than the taught, of the higher and stronger lUfe. He said this was happily so, for there was a health of mind as wall as of the body, which was to be preserved by obedience to spiritual rather than to physical law ; and there was a strength of mind, which was infinitely more potent than tho strength of body, and which was not grown by tho swing of a dumb-bell or lost by tho cutting off of the hair. (Hoar, hoar.) He regarded the body as having long since reached the fulness of its age, while he regarded tho mind as yet in its swaddling clothes. The soul within had yet to stand forth as the adult man, and this would know neither weakness nor disease Notwithstanding the achievements they boasted of, ha believed they would appear to later generations as mental savages who strutted over the domain of mind to-day as ignorant of its confined powers as did the black man, further back, over unvisited Australia, unconscious of its stored up energies. There was much said about a coming race in popular literature, but tho conceptions of it so far printed had no basis in fact or suggestiveness of desirability or likelihood. But he could tell them that in the race of races, as now seen, there was already a distinctness gathering in favour of the Semitic type as the final domi- nant or surviving force. And he would say that, given its present excess of vitality, its present ratio of births, and its present acquisi- tion of means, the question of finality was but a theorem of fact which might be algebraically stated. Tho mani- festations of vitality with this race were greater than with any, other, and yet its tenacity of life was not born of fox-hunting nor of the cricket ground. It was his opinion that when the secret of this had been discovered it would be seen as tho one persistent domination of mind over matter, which had gone on for ages, and which was yet to be formulated by science and set for all as the primary rule for the congenital mastery of weakness. There was also much said about the coming man. He should say the coming man would be a " woman" somewhere in tho twentieth century. (Laughtor.) She would be realised first in America, then later in her fairer and younger sister of Australia, to reign thereafter as the literal Queen Bee of the human hive. In spite of the materialistic physiologist who asserted that woman had a limited brain scope, she was literally gathering up her skirts for a rush along all tho avenues to power, and would leave but little room for man, when she had had her own sweet will- in the collective and political sense as she had it now in America and was winning all over the world, especially wherever the English tongue was spoken, in tho individual assertions of her sex. (Applause.) Tho Women's Christian Temperance Union of America, and the Women's Commission of the Columbia Fair were evidences—the former of wonderful talents for organisation, and the latter of wonderful creative ability in now de- partments. When he left Chicago, seven months ago, the headquarters of the Ladies' Christian Temperance Association, built by ladies out of their association's money, was an Eiffel tower in height, comprising twenty-four commercial stories ; and tho Ladies' Commission of the Fair had already forced with man a division of the honours of administration to such an extent, and to such bewildering results, as to appear like tho second writing upon the walls of Belshazzar's court. Woman was already a general voter in one of tho States of the Union, and a special voter in many, with tho evidence growing that the male politician was a born idiot to her. He had said that women will, one day, be the property-owners of the world. The maidens of to- day were much wiser in their generation than were their mothers; they regarded the seniority of the husband as a necessity in a well-ordered marriage. Without years a man rarely had the' accumulation of means that qualified him for a marriage of to-day. The charm of being an " old man's darling" casts a broader spell over every fresh generation of girlhood. Every year a larger complement of young men reasonably carno to the conclusion that they must first make a fortune before they cntared Into the bonds of wedlock. The con- trast botweon the average age of the bride and the avorage aga of the bridegroom had'grown distinctly moro marked within the last twenty yeara. Spring was literally ooming to take up her abode, not in the lap, but in the storohouse of winter, justly reasoning that without tho seeds loft over from a former harvesting she could not bring out thoso charma whioh woro so perennially made the inspiration of the poet. Ho regarded it as a proper thing that girls should marry sensibly ; but it was not a matter of bis opinion. The cold logic of the faot was that with the growing disparity in years, tho wife naturally became the survivor, and the residuary legateo ; and, generally, with the modern idealisation of the suttee of India, sbo immo- lated horaolf, not upon her husband's funeral pyre, but as upon the memory of that fostering love whioh had placed her beyond want. As a rule wealthy widows did not marry, for as a rule the revorse of tho pioture would then bo true. From middle ago on the health of womon was bettor than that of men, and the averages of their lives longer, and these faots woro emphasised when they were the possessors of assured incomes. But there was a phase of modern womanhood that was exerting n profound influence in the shaping of modern life, and whioh he did not rotnembor to have ever seen under newspaper discussion; and that was hor growing restlessness of limi- tation-particularly ns to locality. To be sure this restlessness was not wholly confined to her. Men would oontentedly work, isolated from their fellowmen, in ?' the acquisition of thoso moans which would one day qualify them for love and social life ; but women did not willingly do this. They might observe in the older countries, even in the oidor portions of the United States of America, farms every- where being abandoned. The artist's favourite ivy-grown cottage was allowed to tumble into ruins ; the old oaken bucket of the song was allowod to hang ¡dtyán the rank-grown well ; and tho old '8oareçfiow23i(i the oornfioldi torstond alone, as truly, the visible ghost, of a type that had passed into oblivion. Statistics showed that there was a con- stantly increasing urban population at the expense of the suburban. The oharms of cattle pastures, and of truak farms were yearly paling before the light of the city's blaze. The farmer could no longer bring up his children satisfied with a oountry home. They would not hesitato to complain of the selfishness of paronts who had deprived them of the educa- tional and trade opportunities of the city. In Amorioa the ladies look longinglyfor a residence in tho oity of Now York, to them the Mecca of social divinity. In Australia there was every- where the talk of " home" and "going home," whioh, when critically inquired into, meant a Hfo in London-to Australians tho City of tlie World. The Frenchwoman hod ever her heart turned to Paris. But fashionable Bummer or winter haunts of Amerioa had woman as the preponderating guest, and he ventured to say this might be found as literally tine of Europe, and as substantially so of Australia. It was a popular aphorism among the women that " to bo out of sooioty was to be out of the world." It was a strange faot that none wont baale to tho abandoned farm in America except some misanthropic recluse, to die in tho Bolitudo of the homestead ruin. That diatinotion should be borne in mind in con- sidering the tendency to centralisation. The form as a moans of livelihood, and tho farm as a residence, weie two distinct propositions. AB a residenoe modern civilisation abandoned It; as a means of livelihood it was in competition with capital, soionoe, and improved maonlnery, and was undor, the restriction of trade neoessitios. Years ago the reverse of this was truo, for wives were regardod then as household drudges, and children as bond-slaves ; but this waB bofore the ora of modern journalism, of steam travel and electrical conveyance ; beforo city sanita- tion, olootric lights, and tramway servioe; bofore knowledge, and art, and grace, had become publio missionaries. Tho farm was then tho common dream of Paradise, but that was never to be again. This was the age of oities, and of city life. He thought the growth in this dirootion bad beon somowhat forced by the leecnt land booms, but the tendonoy was long boforo, and, in his judg- ment, would continue intensifying to the end. As tho spaed of travel was inoreased and the oost diminished, oities would grow into larger and larger oiroumference. As the boalth, comfort, and pleasures of Ufa become more and moro the rosult of assooiotion, the hope of one day living in a great oity would bo the single aspiration of all remoter life ; and as the move- ment would bo rather by stages, from tho noaror to tho farther, from the farm to the village, tho village to the city, it would one day como to be that a soleotion in favour of the larger and larger oities would go on, until London ond New York would oomo to be the cosmopolitan homos of the world's wealth, and thus a new significance be found in Tennyson's favourite line , Better fifty years of Europe titan a oyolo ot Cathay. (Hear, hear.) A few minutos ago he touched somewhot on the health and strength of the mind, and the wondors concerning it which were yet to be rovoalod. As somewhat eluoidativo of his position, ho would tell them of a phase of mental infiuenoe and dirootion that ho first discovered in the study of life insurance statisttos. It was a mental phenomenon merely, whioh years ago ho dossed under the head of " solf-seleotion." As they knew, there hod been this broad dia- tinotion in tho plans of life insurance. One plan was a benefit only at death. If paid for until deoth ensued it was oollod an ordinary life policy ; if paid for in a limited number of years, but to mature at death, it was oalled a limited payment life polioy; if tnkon with the understanding that it was to continue in foi co for only a limitad number of years, but to maturo only at death, should it happen within the years stipulated, it was callad a torm life policy. Then there was another plan, which matured at the end of a oertauv number of yoars in a cash payment to the party insured, if then alive, or to his beneficiaries at death if happen- ing before, and this was oalled an endowment polioy. The period of maturity might be far, off-say, for twenty or thirty years,' and this would be called a long endow- ment ; or it might be made to mature in ten or fifteen years, and this would be oalled a short endowment. Now, in studying the data fur- nished by the records'of a life insurance com- pany to whioh he had'aoooss, ho made the dis- covery that, taking ' the limited life polioy holders as a whole, where 100 doutha had bean oxpeoted, the company lost but sevonty-oight ; that, taking the whole Ufo polioy holders in like manner, where 100 deaths had boen expected, the oompany lost but ninety-three ; and that, taking tho " term life policy-holders" together, where 100 deaths had bean expected tho oompany lost, as an inexplicable foot, 172. With respoot to the endowment polioy-holdcis, taken as a group, ha found that, whore 100 deaths hod been ex pooted, with the short endowment polioy- holders tho oompany had lost sovonty-threo ; and that, where 100 deaths had been expected, with the long endowment policy-holders, the oom- pany had lost but fifty-eight, showing a saving in mortality equally as in oxpllooble, as the oxcossivo death rate experienced with the^ term life poliolos. Now, whon they understood that the lives thus insured had all passed through the same oiiticol examination as to health, and, so far as medical experience wont in those days, thoy were all to be regarded as equally insurable lives, the conclusion whioh these facts justified was that the plan itself had attracted ; and this in accordanoe .with tho clmraoter of its appeal to the instinct hopefulness or despon donoyoflife; and that that form whioh would reward longevity would bo token, naturally, by tho applicant feeling the oortainty of his living into old age ; while that form whioh would reword at death only, would bo taken by the assured on the plan and terms of payment most in accord with his doubt as to the yoars of life he had yet to live. Assuming this to be the truth, then it followed that the polioy-holdors of the " term plan " deoeived the oompony'a oxaminer; or, that having no speolal knowledge of inherent weak- ness, they had instinctively reasoned to an' early death. niB own oonviotion was, how over, that some truth might He in both sup positions ; but that the major truth was to be sought in the infiuenoe of committal ; and tho strength of will and pride of attainment that gathered about it. If the undertaking wore of a kind that would free and sustain life later on, theia was a constant happiness in its con- templation, there was an inspiration to down all obstacles in the woy of its fruition, and a hopefulness that sustained through all the disappointments of the present. Suoh an endeavour was undoniobly a healthful tonio always. To got to a brooder understanding of his meaning, the prinoiplo might bo stated something like this :-If thoy jumped without íegard to measure, they had no consciousness of improvement with ooch successive jump ; but if thoy fixed a mark somewhere they would find os they jumpod to it there would be genoratod an ambition to jump still beyond it ; and tho ability for a further jump would come with every renewed effort. " Maik higher than you can kick," was a good rule if they wanted to keep up tha highest standard of ability. The mind itself was often diseased, and the first symptoms were usually conditions of morbidity. As they could starve the body so could they starvo the mind ; as they weakened tho body so might they weaken tho mind; and as they toned up the one so might thoy tone up the othor. The means were quite different, of course, but thoy might be rendered equally effeotlve. He held that a sound mind would moke a sound body ; the strongest man he ever know diod of quiok consumption at the age of 31, because he Buffered his mind, once brilliant and aggressive, to weaken under the burden of a great mistake. Education and athletic train- ing had made ipf.him a perteot Bpeoimen of their work, butjinhad not given him a moral grasp of self, nor the right understanding of the mind-thoughia physician. As easily as thoy mioht train the muscles of tho arm they could train the energies of tho mind. It was an affair of the will inbothmstonoes, but for this train- ing to be carried on successfully, there must be an objeot in view; there must be a goal ahead that blessed with the anticipation. Ho hold that á man might will, if he would, his mind into a condition of- oheerfulness, his faoe into a wreath of smiles, and his body into a feeling of health, whore otherwise if the ten donoy was not fought against ho might become morbid of mind, gloomy of preaenoo, and physioally unstrung. (Applause.) In a word, he wished them to understand that he believed in such a principio as " self-seleotion ;" that they oould all train for it if thoy would, and that if they dreBsed for a bridal party they might be permitted to kiss the biide, but that if they dressed for a funeral they must expoot to train with the hoarse. (Laughter and applause) Having described the old plans of life insurance-and he migbt say still tho un- modified plans of tha majority of life insurance oompanies-for the puipoaoa of supplying thom with some facts iu the support of his theory of self-selection, he felt that it was due to them, before dosing his remarks, that he should make known the later and more scientifically conoepted plans of the Mutual Life of New York, but it might not bo necessary for him to say more than that the thesis of those had been clearly outlined in his two spoeohes previously referred to. But he might say, however, by way of enlisting their interost in their study, as in a new proposition of life insurance, that they were constructed on this theory of "solf-seleotion ;" that thoy woro calculated to provide income guarantees through the later years of life; and that thoy made it really worth a man's while to Hvo. Of their speoifto oliarocter and details of investment they might gather the fullest infor- mation of the company's agents, or they might obtain, on request, pamphlet oopies of the Sydney and Melbourne speeohes, whioh ho thought it was hardly neoessary for him to state, would bo found to cover more than the popular understanding of advertisements. And now he had had his say, and had he not felt the company's policy-holders hero, and the company's agents had expected this of him, he should have much preferred but the indul- gence of a few remarks, in the satisfaction of extending a larger latitude to the committed talent that was present. As it was, the only indemnity he oould promise himself was that he would stay with tho last speaker until he had said his last word. (Applause.) That was not only the close of his lomarka to-night, but his pubho " Good-bye to Australia." Ho Would leave their beautiful Queensland with only about time enough to get comfortably off on the Olotat on Saturday week. It was for this moment that ho had reserved his intendod eulogy of the Australian ; it waa now that he intondod to Bay those nico things to them faoe to face that ho had been Baying so frequently behind their bnoks. Ho had never failed in the ease of this boforo; but just now the one rofrain running in his mind-meaning moro than they oould imagino, and more than thoy might know-was " Good-byo !" (Loud cheers.) Tho Hon. Jons DONALDSON proposed the toast of " Australia." (Applause.) In doing so ho thanked tho entertainer and Professor Stewart for tho gathering, and for tho intelli- gent speech which tho latter gentleman had dolivered. The toast of Australia was a very large order, but he was suro they would forgive all shortcomings, for to the majority of the company it would be like repeating the Lord's Prayer. The toast was an innovation on their list, but ho hoped to soo it repeated. (Applause.) There was much in common between Australia and America, but while in the past the former had learnt from her oousins, in the future it might bo the casa that Australia would set an example to America. (Hear, hear.) The groatest com- pliment whioh Australia had over paid Amerioa had beon to oopy at the Sydney Convention as muoh of the American constitution as was suited to its conditions. (Applause.) With the innate modesty of a native-born Aus- tralian he would not indulge in muoh spread-eagleism, but would rather deal with in facts. He thought that considering the age of Australia it had piogresacd more rapidly than America had during tho same period of time. The potentialities of tho Australian oolonies were something enormous. (Applause.) In the past they had had aeiious drawbacks to contend with in the shape of slow-sailing ships, but he thought he was safo in saying that America had matorially assisted by her example iu the development of the country. It wa3 truo that the public debt of Australia amounted to £140,000,000, but they must remember that that was not a war debt-(applause)-but had boen ¡nourred in consequence of the construction of railways and other publio works. (Applauao.) It was also true that there was general depression, but he waa satisfied that it would disappear before long. (Applause.) Let them look at their exporta of gold, and wool, and grain, and meat, (Applause.) Tho resources of the country woro so great that few oould understand them. (Hear, hear.) It was one of the great desire« of his lito to visit Ameiica, but he was afraid that that was impossible on account of time and monoy. Thero never was a bettor time for proposing suoh a toast as prosperity to Australia, and he did so with the full know lodge that it would receive their kind conside- ration. (Applauso.) Tho Hon. T. J. BYRNES said ho was very glad to soo the toast of " Australia" placed on tho toast list, particularly in connection with a banquet given by a large Amorioan oompany to a gentleman who had boen a stranger to them, but who would be a stranger no longer. (Applause.) Mr. Donaldson had said ha had novar seen such a toast on their toast lists before, but from his (Mr. Byrnes's) personal experience, he knew that at Thursday Island it ocoupied a promi- nent place on their tonst lists. (Applause.) In future he hoped to seo tho toast on all their lists at suoh gatherings. (Hoar, hear.) Tho recognition of the position which AUB ti alia occupied at the present time would also lead to the recognition of tho faot that it was no mero geographical plaoo on the map that she ulled, but that she was the habitation of a human nation yet to bo. (Applause.) As a native-born Australian he claimed Australia for the Australians, but it was in no narrow senso of tho word. (Hear, hoar.) They 'were imbued with a higher sense than purely local ideas. Ideas of matured national growth they would gladly receive, adapting them to their own lequirements. (Applause.) He did not believe in eroding a ring fence around tho continent-that would prove . just as futile as the stone, wall whioh was built around China, and whioh served no more useful purpose than to horn in the people who were inside. They were pleased to wolcome American companies to their midst, although some of them bad oxploited the country, For many of their improvements they wore indebted to America ; for their agri- cultural progress, for instanoe ; and at tho pre- sent time they had with them a gentleman who was going to show thom how to turn to advan- tage their great meat supplios. (Hear, hear.) Ho was glad to soo that the company which Piofossor Stewart represented had come here to stay-(hoar, hoar)-and that they had shown a dosiro to invest their funds in Australia. (Hear, hear.) That showed that they had a substantial basis to their policy- holders, and that if thoy-tho policy-holders-had to have rccouise to litigation thoy would not have to go aoross tho sea to get their monoy. (Applause.) Turning to the main subject, ho said ¡n some small matters Australia had been able to teaoh America oertain things, particularly with regard to tho ballot. In another system, that of tho law of real property, Australia was ahead of all the world. (Hear, hoar.) He was surprised that in such a country as Amerioa there was such a conservative system of real propoi ty law. If Professor Stewart had timo he advised him to go and study the law of roal property hero. He thought the adoption of the new land law system in England would do a great deal towards meeting many of the social problems whioh troubled tho world at tho present timo. (Hear, hoar.) He advised all thoso who were present to read the speech whioh Professor Stewart had dolivered in Sydney, and ho also expressed pleasure that that gontleman was going to write a book. Poople ' who had como hero, and educated people too, had written booka, apd ha'd told stories.' The difficulty in the past had been to get tho truth told of Australia-(applause) and they did not mind the truth being told. Professor Stewart probably saw the colonies in their worst state at the present time, because the continent was subjeat to poriodlool seasonB of great drought. Within a short time, howovor, he was sure thoy would recover. They wero engoged in the arduous task" of building up a great notion-a nation whioh would be within a nation. (Applause.) Professor Stewart could tell America when he went back that Australia was engaged in the heroic task of building up her position, although she was suffering from financial depression and from a syBtera of financial pandering which had almost boen her ruin. Although not a republic, Australia wos determined to preserve the first principles of law and order, to give to every man the right to work, and to proBeive to him the fruits of his industry (applouse)-and they hoped to build up under the Australian constitution whioh was yet to be a notion whioh would be o rovolation to the world OB a nation without any internal disputes, on emblem of peace to the people, and a hope to the notions of the world. (Loud applause.) The Hon. A. RUTLEDGE proposed the toast of " Our American Cousins." (Applause.) Was it not a source of pride that the Americans wore their oousins, descended from the same im porlshable stook whence they bad all sprung, and bound together by the snored tie of kin- ship ? (Applause.) Geographically they wero separate people, but they were brothers and sisters in one common language and one oommon faith. (Applause.) Many reasons might be brought forward to account for the position which America occupied in the nations of the earth at the present time, but ho ascribed it to her inhabitants possessing the best oharaatorlBticB of the Anglo-Saxon race, com- bining all the higher qualities thot had distin- guished England, Ireland, and Scotland through many oentnries of stirring history. (Applause.) Amerioa was a land of large things, and they should bo proud to stretch out to their visitor the hand, not of a cousin, but of a man and a brother. (Applause.) Politically, as a com- monwealth, Amerioa wos worthy of their imita- tion, and he hoped to see tho bonds of relation- ship drown tighter in the future. Mr. W. J. WEATHERILL, the United States Consul, briefly responded, oxpressing a oonvio tion that the good feeling whioh existed between Australia and America at the present time would increase. While suoh institutions as thoso with whioh Professor Stewart waa con- nected come to Australia to settle, and bought land, and identified themselves with the oolonies here, he did not think thoy need have any foar as to the future of those colonies. (Applause.) Mr. JOHN MATHIESON proposed the toast of " The Press," whioh was duly responded to. The Hon. A. RUTLEDGE proposed the toast of "Tho Chairman, Mr. Kelynaok," referring to him as a culturod gentleman, and one of social attainments, particularly with regard to music Mr. KELYNACK duly responded, and the oompany separatod shortly before 1 o'olook. 