BRITISH AND FOREIGN. A pig killed at Busengraben weighed 9601b The British Isle» comprise no fewer than 1003 separate islands and islets. Ten boys were committed for trial at Windsor for highway robbery. It was alleged that thev waylaid a confectioner rear Eton, and, mounting hie cart, carried off 14 boxes ot sweets. Tie repeating Mannlicher rifla supplied to the Austro-Hungarian army) has been also accepted by Roumania, and a contract for 111,000 riflis entered into with an Austrian company. Wholesale robberies from goods trains on the Somerset and Dorset railway in England took place, and pnzz'ed the detectives for months. Four eDglne-drivers are now charged with the thefts. William Ordwav Partridge, the Boston sculptor, gets 10,000 dollars f jr bin statue of Shakespeare, and will receive 27,000 dollars for his equebtrlan statue of Git field. He is only 31 years of age. Mr. Cleveland, eight years ago, went to Washington a poor man. He returns now woith 250,000 dollars. He has been fortunate la his investments an well as in politics. Mr. Cleveland weighs 2471b. Lieutenant- Governor Bolkin, of Montana, is paralysed from the waist down, and has for many years been moved around in an invalid's chair. And yet be is a distinguished lawyer and an eloquent platform speaker. Mrs. Whitney's will was written on a single sheet of foolscap paper, but it left 3,000,000 dols. to her husband. This should be a lesson to young writers that it is possible to siy a good deal sometimes in a very little space. M, Tiburce Frai queville, the judge entrusted with the Panama prosecutions, is 40 yetrs olc*, and has a brilliant reputation outside legal circles, especially as a Luinist, his translations of Cicero being highly esteemed. At Vienna a society of 13 bald men exists ; the contributions of members are rather high, serving to provide for the widows and orphans. When a new candidate wishes to enter, he has to send a photo of his bald head in two positions, frout and back view. The industry of silk stuff* is decreasing in England. The value of silk produced in the United States of America in 1892 amounted to £20,000,000. In 1861 them were in the neighborhood of Manchester 100 large and small silk manufactories ; now there are only three or four. Some very encouraging- experiments havr been made at Brest with an invention, patented by M. Oriolle, of Nantes, for rendering torpedo boats invisible while attacking. The object is sought to be attained by veiling the torts behind a screen of artificially- sreated smoke. Further experiments are to be made. At a competition arranged by the German American opera union of Philadelphia, whose best work is to be produced at the Chicago Exhibition, the 19 years old Carl Frotzer, of Vienna, obtained first prze. The opera Arnelda was considered the best. The youthful composer was educated at the Vienna Conservatory. In America people can not only insure their life and property, they can insure their salaries. The insurance company undertakes to protect any person working for wages against loss for any sudden interruption or termination of their employment from any cause other than their own wilful act or . Gladstone, the present Premier of Englandi is 88 years of age ; Lord Palmerston died in ' ° a u tu f s but 011 tbe w e » of his 82od blrthdav; Chatham died at 70 ; Fox at 57 ; Pitt at 47 ; nobert Peel, who had an accident, died at M years ; Eirl Russell reached the 86 h vear, out he had left the State service since his 74th year; Lord Beaconefield died at 77. A Chicago telegram eays that Dunnivant. »e newsboy, with whom the daughter of Mr. "iter, a Chicago millionaire, fell in love, and wno was afterwards arrested at the instance of ar f otter and lodged in gaol on a charge of H m * > he young lady, has obtained a Ihji J\ tbe actioa for false imprisonment Which he brought against the millionaire. WflB «r,l CUrio ? 8 r, dUcovo, y among the wchiyes 0f Southampton of a box containing h« W" 1 T a l ,awa of tb *t P° r t early as be fourteenth century. One of them was that "'J'-n* of the sailors of a vessel on tbe point of tailing were of opinion that the wind was unfavorable, and the vessel was wrecked the C3ptain vlll^u' was responsible for the value of the goods lost. th^R i U - W T 1 Earner Laopold II., built for W £ lan G .?™»n>et,t by a Scotch firm, to bZVT m ? ,B between 0iteEd and Dover, Btorlrtm rR ? ne her 8team trials, which 8 r^tl J L SfitI8feotor y- The vessel steamed b t)f th e e rnv GngQar l' * n * ffi « r ln Ministry prodacinK pictured threa timer qi \ 8 C ° lot8 b y P rlntlD on 8 l c y fact hi»w\ o ior8 0,n . ^ dono at once, a *Grionvrrl t considered hi s impossible. Mr. P«' eDt Hew Ywt fn, * "ydieate in will rclil one dollars. Besito, ^^eSS e a n c e t ' a l 1 ? percentage on every Bttanuftctared according to his system. 5ttfitiMori?i C \ N lT York ^iesandgentle- 1 ^ to hire M elegant 8leM£ w iot seven months, supplied with all the latett luxutie°, including music and concerts three times a day; every shareholder to pay 3250 dollars cash. The trip will embrace Bermu'da, the Azores, the Mediterranean, through the Suez Canal to East India, Jipan, Germany, France, Swi zerland, returning by way of Eng land. A puma which not long ago arrived at the London " Zio " from South America has been accorded the name of " Gladstone." Oaly on two occasions has this distinction been equalled, when tbe names of (then) Mr. Robt. Lowe and Mr. Stephen Cave were given to a brace of " four-footers." It may be added that at the " Zio " the bestowal of a name, however well known, Is looked upon as a tribute of honour and distinction. Kiug Alfonso of Spain recently received a severe lesson in Kingly courtesy. While driving with his governess, an aged officer of high rank saluted the king with reverence, and the small boy, in acknowledgment, pat out his tongue. A Republican journal made capital of the incident, and the queen-mother, in punishment, gave her son a vigorous whipping, that has borne fruit in copious smiles and bows in public. A French statistician has taken the trouble to ascertain the number of breweries at present existing in several great countries, and the quantity of beer annually brewed in them. Tbere are in the entire world, he declares, 51.000 breweries. Germany easily heads the list with 26,240. Next comes England with 12.874 breweries, then the United States with 2300 breweries; Austria, with 1942; Belgium, with 1270 ; and France, with 1044. . Messrs. Hobba, Wright, and Newman, who have been sentenced to long terms of imprisonment in connection with frauds on the Liberator Building Society of London, are undergoing the first nine months of their imprisonment at Wormwood Scrabbs, and are engaged in oakum picking and making coal bags. Their heads are closely cropped, and their beards are clipped close to the face, making a great change in their appearance. The effects of acids in destroying microbe? have again, it is reported, been proved by M. Girard, chief of the Paris Municipal Laboratory. He finds that citric acid is the most useful and powerful of ail. One gramme, he say?, added to a guart of tainted water, will effectively destroy all the microbes that are in it. Consequently be recommends the use of natural lemonade BB an excellent beverage at all times, and to neutralise the acidity of the lemon a little bicarbonate of soda can be added, if necessary. For having mocked and offended a lady who wore a crinoline in a public garden in Vienna, four persons were fined on April 12 It appears (-tays a Vienna correspondent) that a crowd followed the wearer, but she could not find out the names of more than four offenders. They offered to beg her pardon, but tbe indignant woman would not hear of it, and insisted upon them being punished, saying that she only wished she knew who the other offenders were. Dr. Weissenberg declares that moustaches in women are getting more common than of old. In Constantinople he makes out that about 10 per cent, of the women—Armenians chiefly, since Moslems are veiled, and therefore do not come into the calculations—have these appendages to the upper lips. D ;pila tories are much in demand among tbe Philadelphia ladles. Tet Dr. Brinton thinks that fully 3 per cent, of them are BO ornamented, and in Madrid the Constantinople figures are fully reached. Apparently the demind for first-class sites in the city of London at fancy prices is hardly keeping pace with tbe supply. Recently Nos. 30 and 31, Clemet's-lane, Lombard-street, were offered for sale at the Mart. Although the ground value was increased by the substantial stone building which stands upon it, the h ghost bid was only jC30,000, or £23 per square foot, and the property was consequently withdrawn. The last big figure of this kind was at the sale on Cornhill, wben £50 per square foot was realised. Tbe Paris Matin of April 14 contains an article on the strength of the military forces ot Germany, showing that in the event of a war that country could place 500,000 men in the field against France in her first fighting line. This force could rapidly be raised to a million and a half of men, and could be divided into four distinct armies. At the same time Germanv could put 260,000 men in the field against Russia at tbe commencement of the war, and 800,000 men after a complete mobilisation had been effected. According to the recent official returns, the British troops recruited from Ireland numbered 26,788 non-commissioned officers and men of all arms; tbe Scottish, 15 993; and the English, 153,131. Of the Irish troops, ont of a grand total of 203,161, there were in religions denominations 35,695 Roman Catholic, 10 938 WesleyanB, 15 015 Presbyterians, 137,764 Church of Eoeland men, and 1620 "other Protectants." The highest number of Irish Notionalist troops wae reached in the year 1873, when it atood at 42,284. - If when Wellington won the battle of Waterloo in 1815, the news had been telegraphed i'S immediately, there are pome stars so remote that it would not yet have reached them. To so a step further, if in 1066 the result of tbe Cocqu^Bt could have been wired to some of these stare, the message would still be on its way. If the tidings of the first Christmastide in Bethlehem had been sent to the stars, there pre some orbs, situated is the furthermost depths of space, which could not receive the message for a long time yet. The Wagner cycle which is beiag prepuel at Munich this year, in place of the suspended Bayreuth performances, will be a very important sffair. The series will begin on August 13 with Wagner'a juvenile opera, " Die Feen ;" and the " Fifing Dutchman," "Meisterslnger," " Ring dee Niebelungen," "Tristan," and " Tannhauser " will also be played each twice. From September 24 to 29 an extra representation of the whole Tetralogy will be given. The zme railway tariff in Hungary continues to show wonderful results. Daring the five years preceding the introduction of the zme tariff (August 1,1889) the returns showed a number of passengers varying between 61 and 7 6 millions. During ths first year ot the zioe tariff, from August 1, 1889, to July 31, 1890, this numbsr rose to 16*2 millions ; during the second year, 1890 91, to 19 0 millions; and during the third year, 1891 92, to 28-3 millions. The receipts have daring the same time been very nearly doubled. The Mullingar correspondent of the Dublin Freeman's Journal says that the Esrl of Lingford was summoned by a local reporter on April 8 for having knocked off his hat daring the singing of " God Save the Queen " at a recent Unionist meeting in Mullingar. Lord Lonpford admitted that he had knocked off Mr. Nallv's hat, and eaid that there were very few honest men—he should say very few men in his position in the country—who would not have done the same, Tbe reporter had only himself to blame for the incident. The magistrates dismissed the case. The accompanying extract will interest those who care to learn what a modern Bishop has ti do. Here is a summary of the engagements of Dr. Thorold, Bishop of Winchester, for 1892 down to the middle of Dtcember :— Letters received, over 9000; letters written, over 5000 (the other 4000 may have been dealt with by the chaplain or otherwise); sermons preached, 67; confirmation services, 77 ; committees, 31; public meetings, 30; addresses, 111 ; churches consecrated, 4; churchyards, 5 ; church openings, 1; ordination, 1 ; formal interviews, 172. It is understood that the Queen made her will in 1876. It is engrossed in vellum, quarto siz°, and is bound as a volume, secured with a private lock. Several blank pages have been left at the end of the book for codicils, some of which have already been aided. Thus, when the Princess Alice died in 1878, modifications of tbe bequests were rendered necessary, and in the summer of 1884, after the Dake of Albany's death, further revisions were imperative. On* entry relates entirely to tbe disposal of ths Queen's Jubilee gifts, which are not the property of the nation. Famous Russian physicians, according to St. Petersburg papers, have little trouble in becoming wealthy. Professor G. A. Sacharjin, one of the greatest doctors of the empire, living in Moscow, was recently called to visit Mme. Tereschtschenko, wife of a rich landed proprietor in the Skwira District. In addition to all expenses, he received about 7000dol. for his advice and aid. An assistant, who accompanied his chief, left the country place the richer by lOOOdol. Mr. Tereschtsckenko, however, will not miss the money. He hired a special train later to get the medicines ordered by tbe professor in Kieff. A correspondent of the Frankfurter Zeitung had an interview with Monsieur Alphonse at Paris, who stated that before the Franco- German War in 1870 nobody in Prance hated tbe Germans. Tbe English were hated then and now. The poet continued in conversation :—" Whon lately Fitting in the theatre, abd hearing the German Wagner's grand march in Lohengrin, it sounded into my ears like a flourish of victory. An abundance of German ideas and German art has crossed the boundary and conquered our French youth. We even find pleasure in drinking beer. This enrages me as a representative of Gael and Latinism." The third and last exodus of the Grim Tartars has actively set in under pressure of the new law whicb makes them amenable to the military conscription. Hitherto the remnant Tartar Inhabitants of the Crimea have enjoyed a special immunity from the contcriptional statute. These Mongolian emigrants will now reek new b^mes in the Asiatic dominions of Turkey. Wben the Crimea was first incorporated with Russia in 1783, 300,000 of the Tartar population left. Tbe second exoduB followed the close of tbe Crimean war, when 182,000 passed over to Turkey. The present migratorv movement will well nigh depopulate the Crimea of its Tartar inhabitants. A railway line to be worked by electricity is now actually in course of construction between tbe important cities of Chicago and St. Louis. The distance between the two is 248 miles, and the line has been laid ont almokt absolutely straight. The whole distance is to be run without a stop, the speed being 100 miles per hour, and to this end all grade crossings will be avoided. The line is to be divided up in 25 sections of 10 miles each, and the current will be cut off, as suggested many years ago by Professors Ayrton and Perry, from the sections before and behind any given train, thus reducing the possibility of accident. The city of St. Louis is a very large one, and the population of Chicago is now approaching one million and a half. The backward condition of pnblic instruction in provincial Russia may be gathered from « brief and weU-aatheatictrted statement lath* Nedielya, from which it appears that in the Government of Pekoff, adjoining that of St. Petersburg, there is to bo found only one elementary school in the whole area of 500 square versts, and among more than 200 villages, many of which contain several thousands of inhabitants. The Government, w hose boundary is only six versts distant from the capital, the Nedielya describes as a sort of Sahara of public education. From one end of tbe province to the other one does not meet a farmer or peasant who can read or write, or who has even an idea of the alphabet or of the use of printed books or journals. The French consul at Frankfort-on-the- Main states that the wine crop of the past year in Germany, though excellent in quality, was very small in quantity, being little mora than half tbe average production of the previous tan years (48 781,615 gallons). The area planted in vineyards iB about 300,000 acres, and the yield per acre has, with the exception of three or four bad years, been constantly increasing for the last decade, the districts which produce the most wine being Alsace-Lorraine (which has a fouilh of the total area in vineyards), Bavaria, and tbe Palatinate, the Duchy of Biden, Wurtemberg, tbe Rhine Provinces, and the Grand Duchy of Hesse. The average expoiti for the past tea years have been 4 162,500 gallons, representing a value of about £960,000, whereas the wine imported into Germany during the same period has averaged just double that amount. The St James's Gazelle says .-—"The newa that the Duke of Westminster has sold Clive- den—his beautiful estate on tbe Thamesout-and-out to Mr. Aetor, the American millionaire, has just BO much more interest than usual in that a place like Cliveden is one of the public sights and delights of the Londoner's river. Mr, Astor Beems quite to be qualifying as an Englishman. Within the last few months he has acquired an Eiglish newspaper, a fine L3ndon mansion, and a Thames country seat. It may be wondered how the Americans like all this. Talk of Irish absenteeism I But what of the American millionaires who draw their house rents in New York and spend their money in England 1 And the absenteeism is likely to increase, because to 'a poor devil of a millionaire ' England is after all a pleasanter place than the States, and gives a good deal more for the money." According to information which has reached the Moscow correspondent of the London Chronicle from Tchadslnsk, in the government of Perin, tbe people in that government are dying in great numbers from famine. The Bishkirs are said to have suffered the most severely, and in Borne villages the dead are lying on the roofs of their houses, as their relations are too exhausted to bury them. The distress in Voronesh is also very terrible, and, according to letters received from that government, 7,000,000 poods of grain over and above the quantity Bent by the Government will be required to keep the peasants from starvation. As the famine this year is not " officially" recognised, and the Cz ire witch's committee has ceased to exist, subscriptions for the starvlag peasants are being raised by " unofficial committees"—ie, "secretly," and contrary to tbe law, whicb demands that all work of this kind shall be carried on officially and through the authorities. The white lead industry (writes a Linden authority) has long been known as one of those manufacturing processes which quickly bring disease and death to those engaged in it, and from time to time improved methods have been invented with the view of putting an end to such lamentable results. The most recent of theBe is that of Mr. J. B. Hannay, which has for some time been in operation at Possil Park, Glasgow, and by which a sulphate of lead is produced instead of a carbonate, as under the old^ Dutch process. This new white-lead, which is quite innocuous to the workers, is made direct from the cheapest lead ore, which is crushed and fed into coke furnaces. The heat combined with an air-blast causes the lead to volatallse, and the fumes are carried to a tower, where they meet a current of steam. Finally, the lead is absorbed by water, and la run off as a creamy- white fluid into eettlingtanks. From these tanks it passes into filter presses, where the white sludge is deprived of Its moleture, after which it is dried and packed for market. The operation is quick, the product is good, but, more than all, the process does not injure the workers. The Germans on the Sandwich Islands occupy a high position. The Teutonic merchants, Hackfield, Schafer, Boltod, and Martens, together with the German-American, Klaus Spreckel, rule the sugar export of Hawaii, which yearly brings to the countrymore than 25 million dollars. The management of the telephone is in the hands of a German. At Honolulu, numbering 20,000 Inhabitants, the telephone represents tbe town, poet office; all invitations, orders, and inquiries are verbally made through that instrument. Its promoter has since 1882 already a monthly profit of 1000 dollar?. A former Prusslau officer is superintendent of the royal herds. Herr H. A. Wiedemann, married to a local princess, was twice Minister of Fnance. Bandmaster Berger ie conductor of the excellently managed roral military orchestra, consisting eince 20 years exclusively of Kanakas. Tbere is a German school, of which Herr George Jorgens, a native of Schleswlg- Holstein, is the master since 10 years. German churches are in Kauai,' Kllanki, Koloa, and Kekaha. On Molokai, the island o' lepers, a formerly Hamburg physician, Dr, Karl Late, has been engaged by the Govern* meat to fight the fearful (Usctue, 