A BEAL SLIGE OF LUCK, TOLD BY AN EX-DETECTIVE. It was tbe height of the season atMiddlchamp ton-on-Sea, when I found myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary in brain and body, Iturned my back on the din and turmoil of London for a fortnight. As I sat in the train with my wife and family, I thought I had entered upon a new era of my life. I seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation rise from my shoulders; for fourteen blissful days were my own, without the fear of being rung up at untimely hours. I had doneforthenonce with stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of some miscreant, or, what is often just as tedious, tracking a thief in the guiBe of a gentleman from hotel to hotel. I remember on one occasion playing a game of hide-and-seek with one of this class, who led me a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an appearance, he bad just disappeared, and never empty-handed ; but at last 1 ran him to earth at an hotel where a number of rich Americans were staying, and landed my fish, who gave in, like the common-bred article he was, the moment I hooked him. But this is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep tion at'Middlehampton-on-Ses. The landlady doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that sort, and I flattered myself that in mv brand-new tweed suit and straw hat the last thing people would take me for was an officer connected with the detective depart The tide of humanity seemed to me to be almost as wonderful as the tide of the ocean. There were, as a communicative beachman told me, “ tons of visitors ” present. They crowded the Esplanade; they Btrolled and mooned about the High- street in hundreds, and pickled them selves m the briny in shoals. Being a sociable animal, I generally drop into the coffee-room of an hotel to enjoy a glass, a smoke, and a chat before going to bed, and in accordance with my custom, I strolled into the Norfolk, where I found a number of sea captains ashore, a few shipowners, gnd perhaps half a dozen local tradesmen, but (no visitors; I.-felt. a tall, gentlemanly man. He was well and neatly dressed, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted jpim like a pair of gloves. There was about him the air of an independent man who was killing time, and found that even an exertion and a His cheek-bones were a little too high, his month too large, and his eyes too close to each other formy liking; but Nature turned us out of a variety of moulds, and the man we dislike at first sight often carries a heart as true and honest as sterling gold. It was evident that the new-comer was ex pected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the “Shipping Gazette,” and the sea captains forgot to talk wind and weather. In a few minntes I gathered that the gentle man rejoiced in the aristocratic name ofDe Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. He was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his confidence. Mr Box, the landlord of the hotel, bowed down before him, and the frequenters of the room hong on his very words, and not without reason, for Mr De Caux had been everywhere and knew every k°B£e had hobnobbed with Ministers of the Crown, and might have satin Parliament but for the fact that he had taken an oath not to meet a certain man; and he had come to Middlehamp ton-on-Seafor qaiet and rest beforo starting on a long journey in his steam yacht, which, he stated, was then under repairs. ....... I listened in amazement, not eo much that the Trmn should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelledthe world over should believe one-half what he said. The character was not newto me. Ihadmetmanysuchafellow,who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the way place to astonish the natives and leave a record behind him. , The habitues of the snug coffee-room treated me civilly enough, but in comparison to Mr De Caux I was a mere, nonentity. By some means or other the conversation tnrned upon banks and banking. Box, the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of theL-S - \V_should only bo open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. . ... „ ... i get so sick of it, ” he said, flourishing a long pipe, “that very often I don’t trouble to bank for weeks, especially at the height of the season, when I can’t call a moment my own until late in the evening. Just step round and see what my bars are like. You’ll find em crammed with visitors, and I ought to be there now, but”—bowing deferentially to Mr De Caux—“ since you have come among us, I can’t resist the temptation of en joying an hour in the society you have been good enough to give us„” “Why don’t you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before them? ” demanded the great De Caux. “ I would. No doubt, Mr Box, you have often large sums of money in your house ?” “ I should think I have! Why, at the present moment-Good evening, Mr Trailer. ” Mr Trailer was the superintendent of the police—a stout, burly man, blessed with a largo bald head, staring eyes, and a; painfully wheezy dr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, uiged chairs so that he might sit at his side, 1 ordered Mr Box to fill a glass with some ng which the superintendent seemed par alarly partial jo, for on its Being supplied, liariy ptuuiu tfVy Ivt UU using “'**'£'*-— j emptied the glass at a gulp and set it down. Dhis feat seemed to Mr De Caux’s mind niH ItJifci. DUC1UOU W JkJO vaun. o ite a work of art, and the landlord’s services re again called into requisition.. Lgain the subject changed, and this time with turd to the number of police employed at ddlehampton-on-Sea. With a grunt, which 1 Trailer meant’for a laugh, he was good ragh to inform us that the country authorities isidered four men sufficient to protect six msand souls while they walked abroad or ft in their beds. - Vnn Mfl. ** he You see, ” he said, in that awful voice of “we are all honest here; and as to the prs, I hav’n’t had a serious charge for Is. Occasionally we get a' drunken excurs it, but—bah !—that is nothing. ” ad so they talked and drank and laughed 1 Mr Box reluctantly told ns that eleven xsk had come, and that, all but lodgers in bouse must depart. I .was the.firat to — ernapfl lb was just w wou wuunu.uua .customers were, so ample-minded; butT Id hot quite understand Mr Superintendent Her, and I came to the conclusion that had De Caux liked, he conld have wormed ont rim a good deal of information, which, if hape not exactly official, might prove ex. melj useful to an unscrupnloua man. Early next morning I met Mr Be Caux. We bathed from adjoining machines, and hef recog nising me, hoped that he would have the honor of my company in the evening, which—save the honor—I stated he would undoubtedly have. Now it was no business of mine to make my self known to Mr Trailer. Had I chose I could have done so, but my mind was not so bent. In the first {dace, I was on leave, and a free lance, and, secondly, I was not convinced that Trailer—who was about bb fit for his post aa a log of wood—would not hint mysteriously at what I was, and render the remainder of my holidays extremely uncomfortable. For I must tell you that when a detective is at play there is as much difference in him as Philip drunk and Philip sober. He drops “shop ’’ as he drops a hot coal, and it is with a growing despair in his heart that he counts the days to the one when he must again pick up the thread which leads so unfortunately to the d ock and prison. The day passed pleasantly enough, and after a late dinner (we were quite genteel at Middle hampton-on-Sea) I wandered al)Out the esplan ade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazing at a mile or so of flat sand and sea* weed, it Btrack me that I should be wasting time in seeing what the town away from the High-street was like. But for one thing I was not repaid for iny trouble. The thoroughfares were narrow, and the dwellings mostly small. The houses were full enough now, but I pictured to myself what they would be like in a few weeks’ time, when sorrowing landladies eat in the back kitchens listening to the howling of the wind as it swept the desolate shore, and wishing that it was always summer, and visitors did not migrate with the regularity of swallows. * An old sign stretching half a across one of the streets attracted my notice. The house to Good entertainment for man and beast. I was pondering on the age and history of the honse, when the curiously-shaped door opened and a man stepped cautiously out, and in spite of a soft felt hat pulled well over his eyes, I recognised the celebrated Mr Be Caux. Of course, he had as much right to explore the interior of The Old White Bear as I had to stare at the exterior, yet it etruck me aB rather strange that so distinguished a personage should find his way there. He did not notice me, but walked swiftly towards the High-Btreot, and no soonerwos he out of sight than I stepped into the hostelry—or, rather, I should say, I fell in; for, not noticing that two Bteps had to be negotiated, I went a trash against the counter. “Uponmy word,” I said to the grinning landlord, “ I ought to apologise for startling ^ “ Oh, ” he replied, “ we get used to that sort of thing. My only hope is that you have not hurt yourself. I think I must have the floor raised level with the road. ” “ And high time, ” X rejoined, laughing. “Well, thank goodness no harm is done; so draw mo a good glass of ale, and I’ll sit down and forget that I have had a shaking. ” “ Won'tyou walkinto the parlor r” inquired the landlord. “You will find it less draughty than sitting here.” I accepted his invitation, and on entering the room found myself in the presence of two men. The moment X appeared they rose to depart; but before they had time to pass out of the door, X had taken stock of them. The contrast be tween them was great. One was short, thick set, with arms out of proportion to his height; the other was tall, Blim, thin-featured, and sham bling in his gait. “ I suppose, ” said I, as the landlord brought in the ale on a tray, “ f at you are not much troubled with visitors ? ’ ’ “They drop in and out.“he replied; “butl don’t take much notice of them. The two just left are strangersto me. You see, sir, I depend on the inhabitants for my living, and the seasons don’t make much difference to my trade. ” “ I ran against another fellow as I was comingiu,” I said, “and I fancied I had Been him Bomewhere. ” “Most likely. He went into the parlor, and got into conversation with the others, as people will do at the seaside. For my own part, X scarcely ever leave my house, save on Sunday afternoon, when I take a stroll fer my health’s Bake; so it is not likely that I take much notice of people who come and go. ” I drank up my ale and wandered back to the busy part of the town. What I had seen set me thinking. I remembered what Mr Box, of the Norfolk, had Baid about keeping a great deal of money in the house, and I meditated on the popularity of Mr ^Caux, who had eat ju| hi»q altar; in this; amass." What an ass l am to— .M . y—r out people I have never seen before! • ite within the bounds of possibility that I .ve been spotted by a constable in private >thes, so I will let Mr Be Caux go his own ly, and I will go mine.” It was just nine o’clock when I approached e Norfolk. Sounds of hilarity floated from e half open window. ‘ Mr Be Caux was telling e of his famous stories, and had “ set the ble on a roar.” Mr Superintendent Trailer was in a painful ite of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, 3 fat sides shook, and every now and then he eked spasmodically, as if he -were going to .ve a fit. “ I assure yon it iB true,” Baid Mr Be Caux. [ saw it with my own oyes. ” A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Box is so overcome that he bit off the end of his pe and narrowly escaped swallowing it. I ucluded that, by being a little late, I had lost good thing. Every body said so, too, and I id to be content with listening to the story coud-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it 13 as truthful as the punishment of the man in e moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I etended to laugh with the rest, and Mr Be lux was in such good humor that he insisted t the glasses being refilled, not only once, but rice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr rellergot exceedingly mellow, and volunteered sing a song, .whereupon the landlord fled in samay, and the rest of the company coaghed ihind their hands. As I was passing out, Mr Be Caux stopped me the doorway. ■ “I have taken a fancy to you,” he said. You have not said very much, but I know a an of the world when I see one. Now,” he lded, looking at me out of the corner of his res, “I should say that you either hold or did }ld a commission in the army.” “You flatter my appearance,” .1 responded. To the best of my knowledge, I have never rawn a sword in my life.” “Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely du have been in some official capacity r” “ I am afraid I know. more of pickles and ims than what you are talking about. ’’ “I don’t care what you are,” he replied, rossingmy hand warmly.. “I have taken e iking to you, and that is sufficient. Hang it it aoes it signify how a man gets his living ongashe is a man? Will you ___ _ you go for a re with me in the morning?” With the greatest of pleasure,” I said—and j ittle did he or I think what sort of drive we e to take, and how advantageous it was to retooneofus. hat night I slept but little, and when I did dreams were of such a troubled nature that in morning I found myself, unrefreshed and ti a singing in my ears which promised to elop into as nasty a headache as ever man ; afflicted with. don’t know what possessed me, but as soon \ had gone through the farce of breaking my S, I stepped ov- _• to the post-office, and wired description of Mr Be Caux to the chief n in charge of the “ Yard.” ’he clerk who took the message waB visibly ■cted os he counted the number of words, a pencil jumped about the paper like the icator of a telegraph instrument. _ ‘I’ll attend to this myself,” he said. “Will i wait one minute, sir ? I should like to ra a word with you.” . nafew minutes he returned, and leaning >r the counter, said: * Perhaps you don’t know that a burglary s eommited at the Norfolk last night. The eves broke open the safe, stole all the money, 1 then had the audacity to enter a gentia n’s bedroom, and not only walked off with watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag con ning jewellery and valuables to a considerable long course of training and experience had ht me never to betray astonishment, but his occasion I think I must have done so, ; found myself clutching at the edge of the iter with one hand and rubbing my throat i the other. Indeed,” I said. “ Well, send the reply to the Norfolk. I will go thereat once.” i the doorstep stood poor Mr Box, De i and Superintendent Trailer. , dx was as pale as a ghost, Treller looked ectly greasy with perspiration, and De x: was laying down the law in no measured i. nice thing this is for me' 1” he was say “I don’t care so much about the value of hings, but they were nearly all heirlooms, o was a mourning-ring which 1 would nof parted with for twice a hundred pounds, r the deaoe,” he added, turning furloudj » upon Box, *‘ don’t yon have your side windows ■ fitted with shatters ? Any boy with a putty ■ knife coaid force bade such a fastening.” i Mr Box remained silent. Speech had almost failed him since the discover? of his loss. The burglars had entered the house br a window, under the archway, and entering the office, had made a clean sweep of everything worth taking. The safe, a very old one, had given the burglars but little trouble, and a trifle over two hundred pounds had been extracted. The watchless and heirloomless De Caux ap peared to be half mad with grief and rage. “ This,” said he, ‘* comes of carrying my heart on my sleeve. This is the result of tanking before strangers. Oh, the fool I hove made of myself!” Just then I espied the telegraph boy, and met him half way. To tear off the buff cover and' read the contents of the message was but the work of a moment: “ The man is wanted. Detain him.” That was enough for me. I strolled calmly back, with my hands in my pockets, and hum ming the air of a popular tune. Trailer now stood alone in the doorway, and I beckoned to “I haven’t time to talk to you or anybody.” he wheezed. ‘‘Pray don’t bother me. My men are soouring the country, and I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard.” ^ “f have saved you the trouble by doing so, “ You!” The color died out of his face, and he tilted backwards on his heels. “ Yes. Pardon me, Mr Treller; but I think you have lost your head. Step up to the station and bring a pair of handcuffs. I have more than ample reason for remaining here. ^My name is Y——■, and I have been nnuaenteri witK. ■•-i'-.-tom—yes, ne actually ran—for the first time in the memory of living man. Tradesmen rushed to their shop-doors and watched him in open-mouthed amazement, and the wag of the place promptly put it about that the superintendent had started training for the sports advertised to take place in a week’s I entered the hotel, and found De Caux in . earnest conversation with tho landlord. “I consider,” said the former, “that yon have been greatly to blame, and it will be my duty to bring an action against von. Under the circumstances, it would be idle of me to stay here, so I will go to London, and return, in a few days.”’ “Business calls me to town,” I remarked, “ so perhaps you will not mind travelling with me. I stepped in to sympathise with you ” “Pray don’t,” Be Caux interposed, waving, his hand. “ Well, well! Excuse my brusaue ness, but you cannot tell how upset 1 am.’ ’ ’ Just then Superintendent Trailer came back. He was melting like butter in the sun. I gave-' him a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give ■ Be Caux time to pack up the rest of hiB belong ings. The moment he went up stairs I drew the superintendent aside. “I have altered my mind,” I said, “At present I have no real clue to who the man is, so I intend to shadow him in the hope of drop--' ping on his companions with the Bwag. Give me the handcuffs, and wire to Hereford for a constable to meet me at the station in cose I should need his assistance.” The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions he was in a kind of dreamy state, and could only hope that I would be successful. Half an hour later Be Caux and I were on our way to London. At the terminus we parted, but not for long. Ho sooner was he in one hansom than I was in another. The driver knew me, and took the hint at once when I said “ follow.” For the best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of London, until the hanBom containing Be Caux bowled into a road flanked with neat villas and came to a stop. “ Pull round sharp,” I said, pushing up the trap; “ I have seen enough. Now drive mo to H-street station.” A dozen words with the inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clothes under my direction. Be Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe as if held in a vice with a giant at the handle. All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o’clock a girl dressed as a servant out for the evening left the house. She was fol lowed by a “ shadow,” who reported that she had left a note at a house in J-street, and. had then taken a tramcar for the northern part of London. 1 Opposite Mr De Caux’s, and the otter a-— boldly up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened X and my men darted across the road. Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling followed, but the fight ended entirely in our favor, and 1 tad the satisfaction of escorting the famed De Caux and the two men I had met at the old White Bear to the station. The 14 swag*9 was almost intact, and the des pair of the prisoners unique. I need not enlarge on what followed, tut explain briefly that De Caux, whose name afterwards transpired to be a very common one indeed, was nothing more nor leas than the pioneer of a clever gang of burglars. The “put up” job at Middiehampton-on Sea was one of the cleverest 1 had ever to deal with. De Caux, as I will call him, let the burglars in, and while they were at work went calmly back to bed. To keep up the part he was playing* his accomplices walked off with his whtch and chain and Gladstone hag, which, however, did not contain a valuable mourning" ring, or anything of value. Mr Rox got the most part of his money back, and spent a portion of it in having his windows better protected, and I don’t mind saying that he did not forget your humble servant. It was, indeed, a real slice of luck all round, save to poor Treller. That unhappy man never got over how he had been taken in. The notion that he had hobnodded and made friends with a notorious rascal was more than he could stand, and after a short time he “ handed ^ his paper b in ” and retired. It was lime he did so; but, if I am not mistaken, so far as sharpness goes, I fear that the race of Treller is not yet extinct.— “Weekly Budget.” 