MUNICIPAL. MANLY. Meeting held February 15. Present : i Aldermou Groman, Moss, Hayes, Scurr, Thomas, Farmer, Fletcher, Passau, Warbur- ton. Alderman Farmer, as return ing officer formally announced the election, unopposed, of Mr. Thomas for Fatrlight Ward and Mr- W.-II. Gorman for Wcntworth Ward; also the return by majority of Mr. Warburton for Stcyne Ward. Mr. Warburton as a new alderman received and responded to the usual congratulations on taking his seat. The special business of tho meeting being the election of the Mayor, Alderman Haves pro posed, and Alderman Farmer seconded, the re-election of Alderman W. H. Gorman. The nomination, having been spoken to by other aldermen, was unanimously adopted. Alderman Gorman, in returning thanks for his election, said ho cheerfully accepted the office, and trusted that with the experience he had gained during his past year's term he would be ablo to do good service for the borough. Ho gave a hopeful prospective review of the comiug year, and bore high tes timony to the efficiency and energy of the council's officers. BOTANY. Meeting held February 15. Present : The Mayor (Alderman F. J. Lul&nd;), and Alder men Mocfadycii, Daniels, J. Pemberton, Smith, Luff, iixell, and Wiggins. Correspond ence : — From the Mayor or Ashfield, with respect to united action on the part of suburban municipalities in recognising Lord Jersey's term of office as Governor oi Now South Walesa, and asking the couuoil to co operate — received; from the National Asso ciation, with reference to a meeting to be held by that body, and enclosing cards of in vitation ; from Alcssrs. Robb and Ncilson, asking permission to erect a balcony in front of the premises they were erecting in Botany- road — after some discussion the matter was left in the hands of the Mayor ; from the Board ol Health, intimating that, in eouscqucnco of information supplied to them, the police had been in structed to inspect the habitations of Chinese, and the council wore asked to in struct the oiliou is of tho borough to report any eases that might come under their notice— it was arranged that the council clerk should arrange for a visit of in spection in company with the police and any of the aldermen that could attend. A requisition to the Mayor, signed by a number of aldermen and ratepayers, was read, which asked him to convene a public meeting of the residents of Botany in order that some action might betaken to render assistance to those thrown into distress by the recent floods in Queensland — it was decided that steps should bo taken to ascertain what evening the School of Arts might be engaged, in order that the Alayor might convene the. meeting. Alderman Alaofadyen drew attention to the desirable ness of an alteration being made iu tho sections on the tramway, and suggested that the commissioners be requested to make the same concessions on the Botany line as had been made on the Newtown and Ramlwiok lines — the council clerk was instructed to communicate with the Railway Commissioners. Alderman Macfadycu drew attention to the inadequate police protection in the borough, and it was decided that the council clerk should communicate with the Inspector-General in respect to the same. Alderman Lull moved — 44 That the level of Chatham- street be taken and advertised in the usual manner, and that the street be formed, the side path sodded, kerbod on the side of Air. Page a residence the whole dis tance, about seven chains, at a probable cost of £30" — after considerable discussion the matter was referred to tiie works committee. The following committees were appointed : — Works, Aldermen Wiggins, Pemberton, and Daniels; finance, the Alayor, Aldermen Luff and Alacfadyon; sanitary and dairies, Alder men Exell, Swinbourtic and Smith ; lighting, Aldermen Wiggins, Pemberton and Daniels. On the motion of Alderman Macfadycu it was decided that the rate for goner -1 purposes should be at the rate of Is in the £, and that tiic gas rate should be 2d in the £. Tenders for tiie bridge were then considered, and as they were not satisfactory, fresh tenders were ordered to be called for. FIVE DOCK. Meeting held February 16. Present : The Mayor (Alderman J. H. Lucas) and Alder men West, Croker, Myler, Ghost and Alac fadyon. Correspondence: From the Board of Health, intimating that certain instruc tions had been issued to the police of the colony witii respect- to the inspection of Chinese dwellings, and requesting the coun cil, in order to insure the same being effec tively curried out, to instruct the borough officers to also make inspections and re port anything they deem necessary to the board ; from Mr. W. Hozlett, First-avenue, Five Dock, drawing the attention of the council to a nuisance arising from a boiling-down establishment situated on the Ramsay Estate, and which made it nearly impossible to live iu his house, and requesting tho council to take steps to stop the nuisance — it was decided that a copy of tho letter should be forwarded to the Ashfield Council (the nuisance complained of arising from premises in that borough), and an inti mation made that unless they attended to the sumo tho matter would be brought before tho notice of tho Board of Health ; from Mr. 13. O. Rodd, enclosing a cheque for £45 in satisfaction of claim made by the council for overdue rates. From the Public Works Department, in reply to council's letter, asking that surplus material from the works in connection with the extension of the tramline to Batlersca should not be removed for the purpose of widening the tramway bank on the north side of Iron Cove Creek bridge — the letter slatcil that until the quantity had been ascertained that, would be required by the department no determination can be arrived at with regard to the disposal of the sur plus, if any ; from the Lands Department, with respect to the reservation of foreshores atBattersea; from tho Registrar-General's Department, forwarding diagrams of lands in tho district of Five Dock. As the out come of the borough inspector's report, it was resolved that tho worst of the holes in Lyons-road should be filled up. The report showed that the road was in a very bad state, and suggested the expenditure of £50 on repairs, hut tho council were not pro- pared to agree to such a sum being laid out unless it was decided to put the roud in thorough repair. It was also decided that repairs should be effected in Wimble don and Regatta roads. Tenders for the assessment of the borough for the year 1893-94 were then considered, and resulted in the appointment of Messrs. Greville and West for the sum of £17. The treasurer's report showed that the council's overdraft stood at £558 2s 8d. Tho council-clerk reported that, as the municipal year 1893-94 had com menced, the motion with regard to the light ing rate would now come iuto force, and that tho balance-sheet was how ready for audit. 