yarmcr Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the Bust system for show animals. Clean irell-linircd heasts do not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a. dilhcult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of tho cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not tho only point aimed at — the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for tho show yard, and to confine the animals by the hoad or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish tho desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and com fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area requited from tho calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, ac cording to the amount of out-door exorcise available, and in the house each beast re quires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattlo not intended for breeding purposes may bo vory closely confinod superficially for tlio period of one year without injury to their health ; but there are moro breeding animals ruined from want of room or exorcise than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattlo. Moderate exercise at tho expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of tho animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the tem perature, and tho nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 dog. Falir., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather tho heat of the byre can he raised by closed doors and ventila- tors, but when tho tomperaturo is raised by tho constant breathing of tho same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All undor-currents or draughts should be excluded, aud in no case should the upper or roof vontilators be entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In liot days tho doors can bo opened, or partly so, as tho thermometer will instruct; and aftor that tho only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of courso, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattlo-feoding. Tho best that can bo done is to have the byres or shods properly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration whon neces sary. An excess of light undor cover is to be avoided in tho case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very woll have too much sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable to the cattlo-feedcr whon the tomporature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated tlio direct rays of the sun can bo dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as wo provide with alicltcr, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunhoat for licn-ltli giving; proportion We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in the means we employ to attain it tlio air is certain to become .more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat from the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything wc can manufacture. This i3 the reason why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto' Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— " Why it is that shying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,". said a prominent veterinary Burgeon, "it must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact 19 tbat it is seldom met with unless tbe horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying horees for near sightcdncss, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that i9 near-sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make nny difference about the Bight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful tbat he is not near-sighted, for he will throw yon sooner or later. _ 'The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animnls the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. _ A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The nnimal has not been able to sec it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers—It has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, foradriverto makeasudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden hound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers tbat were at tbe time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued day after day the year throughout? Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses arc thus rendered comparatively value- : less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre ceding tbe whin, and not the whip tbe voice. Buying Curios in China — Later ex perience taught us -that the curio man asks about five times as much ns he is prepared to accept for bis wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards his profit, in telligently occupies about one-half of the; cultured diplomat's time. Tbecnrio chosen, the first thing to do is to take yonr man into the house, separating him from his fellows that he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, be disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, be asks, as if there had never been any question of it before, " How much?' You again offer, and with a long drawn " No," he once more unpacks that he may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits the things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you a present of them ; tbat you are a hardened sinner ; it has cost him hts life's blood, but he had no choice. With an- 1 O U for the amount and a deep bow be has gone, and you find your self a collector im embryo with the co« duems#rmly riutcbingyoa. 