WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? . Mrs. H. II, Jennings lives at No. 211, Mnin- itreet, Bridgeport, and Miss .Minnie Parrot boaids with her. Tlie house is nil old one, but in good jrder. O110 night eurlv in December (18911 the two women locked all tlie doors and wont to tlie theatre, leaving not a soul in tlie house, 'i'licy left the gas burning, however, iu the front parlour. At about half-past cloven they returned, and entered tho house laughing and talking. But ns they went into the parlour tlie merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in tlie middle of the room stood a dark mail of gigantic stature. Tho upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gicamin" through tlie eyeholes in it. His shirt -sleeves' were i-olled up, unci in one hand lie carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. The women iled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came .in five minutes later lie found 110 ono in tho parlour, and all tho doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? ; , " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I hail slept badly for several successive nights. On tlie fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like tho calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bud stood tlie itnngc of my moth'er just as she lookod five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she wns killed in n, railway, disaster. I screamed and fuintcd. I was foolish onough to.. tell of it, and tlie local old women gossips said it was a summon anil I would never get woll. Yot I did, anil am iu perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it sinoe, and its morc than throe years ago now." No doubt it was tho nerves. Why there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In Marolf, 18'Jt), it was,- Unit Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darr'acott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows: — "I wns so dreadfully nervous I|coulil not bear anyone in the room with ine, yet I did r.ot wisli tlieni faraway in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having pone to bed. There was often a severe' pain in my head and over my eyes, anil I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach anil bowels felt cola ami dead. By-aiul-by I hud. to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said ho didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. My memory com pletely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose iny. senses, anil my friends agreed that I would never got better. "I hail given up all hope, when ono day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Motlior Seigel's Cura tive Syrup. As she seemed to liavo so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wits able to walk' across tlie room, and by the oud of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as woll as ever. I can eat anil digest my food, anil all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indi gos lion and dyspepsia anil nervous prostration. Tho original cause was grief and shock at tho violent death of her husband, by accident, and tlie system rallied only when the syrup had given new vigour to the digoslion and thus fed and toned tlie nerves. Whatever may lie your opinion of tlie Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, mul when Mother .Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 