Was It a Ghost They Saw? Mrs. S. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with lier. The house is an old one, but in good older. One night eariy in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past 11 thev returned, and entered the house laughing ana talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Highfc in the middle of the room stood a dark man of giganticstaturc. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt elecves'werc rolled up, and in one hand he carried u long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from Hie room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later, he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. "What was it the women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health,1' writes uu American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by ichat seemed Me the editing of nig name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five rears before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was lulled in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was. a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerros. "Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on yon when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Poster, of Darracott road, Pokeadown; Hants, wrote as I follows: "hcusso d^eadfnUg nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did I not wish them far away in case I should call j out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept: very badly, and in the morning felt Httlo the ; better for having gone to bed. There was ; of ten a severe pain in my head and over my eves, and I was sick most of tho timo. My akin was diy and yellow, and tho stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to Ho helpless in bed. The doctor said no didn't : know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that 4 on my stomach. By this timo I was nothing v*hut ririnVind bone. My memory completely V failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought •• I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never got better. "I had given up allhopo, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I , was taking. She told mc she wits herself once _ just as badly off, and was curod by Mother . fleigel's Curative Syrup. As site seemed to hare so much faith in this medicine, I triod it, and in three daysT was able to walk across the room, trnd by the end of tho weekl went down stairs. Now I am as well ns ever. I can eat and digest ray food, and all my nervousness has left mo." Tho malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was A indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra y:tion. The original cuuso was grief and shock _ at the violent death of her husband, by accident, And the system rallied only when the syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and* thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of tho Britlge • - Tprt ghost, it remains true that most uncanny virions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts oomo from tho inside of tho person who sees them, and when Mother SeageTs Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. During the Middle Ages poisoning, espe cially in Italy, was regarded as uu entirely jusb'fiaVe menus of getting lid of an enenuu 