| A MOSLEM SHRINE. 1 Or UST off the high road, on a breezy -cliff J which overlooks tiie Alediterranean, two little domes peer, above a rough, lime- washed wall. They indicate that a saint and his saintly, issue (for the title is heredit- ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in then way, define the gulf which the French areso anxious to bridge over here 111 Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn .with narrow wlute tombs 111 all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds ; at its Eastern base a low, white pcnt-liouse where dwells "the care taker — a good mail who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as ail excrescence from the northern wall, and' built into it, is the oldest of the koubbas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the door reveals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig-tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sailly tawdy ; making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes nnd cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern picture." She bears an airy little facade of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns— discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to be marble ; relics, possibly, of tlio old Roman city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, dangle to and fro under the arcade. At our first meeting the koubbas were simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the snn which gave them. Nothing was wanting to complete the Eastern glamour of the whole : vivid- sunshine ; white domes clear out against a blue sky ; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty' child tumbling half- naked among tiie tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and there ; and, as if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabyle came presently out of the lean-to at the end of tlio court carrying a cruche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees, a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a bright ..handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin and large shining eyes. She came, swinging the cruche, to the dilipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, lier body bending to the weight like some slender poplar before a gate, her. bare feet, planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes; lier soft lips parted to ease lier breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March . wind caught ber hair anil blew it across her face ; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent and frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life before her in the quiet court, untii she marry some grave, brown, man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunuy corner sqch qsthis,. then to go forth to work tending goats, or' hoeing vineyards on t he rugged mountain sides or in the peaceful valleys of this beautiful land of hers.. This pretty., creature was the daughter of -the caretaker, and lived in the lean-to hut with I don't know how many generations of relatives ; for, as well as women and girls, there was a swarm of children for ever crawling and scramblingabout in thecourt. ; T watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocrity about them all ; a steady working for a few tiling?, and a deep enjoymentof the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigour which, as a lesson alone, were worth going o'ut to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French have signally bridged-tlieirgulf — laying sure foundations of absinthe and. hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous— and convened their wild Arabs into flaneurs, chiffoniers, touts, "quack guides, and what not (all which parts, be it said, the "Arabs .were very willing to play); from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of this even lifeis a far cry, and hopefully, sug gestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm, and stress amid which most of us sweat and groan our days away. Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of the women in all Eastern countries,, and accordingly I find numbers of them- here everyday, .in' the presence of the dead, it :seems, they venture to disregard the living, for directly they have entered the court and kissed the walls and astray stone or so, they throw off their habarahs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffies on her same dull iyay encumbered with mystery— none of her seeking— draperies, and babies. Unveiled, the mono tony is still there, for it goes deeper than the veil ; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we must, that the clothes have becqme veritable Nessusr shirts ; that the shrouds once on can never come off again ; fqr if put away they are still there, shrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding here begins at fourteen ; think of that ! A mother of two children — a mere slip of a girl — comes nearly every day. Comes shuffling' in, a drab bundle of a creature, dragging her babies with her ; punctually kisses "the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voice for half-an- hour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant ; gossips a little; slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the object of it, or at me ; laughs shrilly without- merriment, and always where to cry would be more to the purpose ; then rises with a weary gesture and puts ou the shroud that never was off if she but. knew it ; and shuffles out again into her cage. These Kabyle dwellers in the lean-to are better off. No shrouds, palpable or inpalpablc, for them. Hard work in plenty, and a bed as hard tq rest qn, scanty fare, a shed Jo cover theip ; here are no luxuries, God wot. But free limbs and a bare head, barq feet and a free soul, are gifts from the treasure- houso of Nature, though now per haps somewhat scorned and made light of by the qualms and whimsies of a high- sniffing world. "Income of one hundred pounds a year," cries Cnrlyle, " and no dry- rot in the soul of you anywhere ; income of one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry-and-wet rot in the soul of you (ugly appetites, unveracities, blusterous conceits, and probably — as symbol of all tilings — a pot-belly to your poor body itself) ; oh, my friends !" —Temple Bar, 