Literary àiid Theatrical. (BY "ESPIGADOB.")' " The Life of Sir Morell Mackenzie, Physician and Operator," by the Rav. H. R. Haweis, is announced for early publication. j The literary world seems threatened with another controversy on the subject of the author ship of t ie " Lsttera of Jnnius." The last time that the matter received one of these periodical stirrings up, to whLih it has been liable for over a century, was some 20 years ago, when fresh light was thrown upon it by the minute observations of a gróatexpertin handwriting, who bad examined the Junius manuscripts. His testimony did not aid muih towards the positive identification of the famou3 political writer, but at any rate it was rather destiuctive of one claim for which pre viously there had boen rather strong evidence. It was to the effect that the handwriting of Judos waa not, as had often been asserted, the hind writing of Sir Pnilip Francia. It has now been suggested that Gibbon might have been Junius-if it is not indeed the repetition of a rumor which was current in the historian's own day, and which included his name among the many which were associated with the authorship of the myste.ious.[epistles that so excited the curiosity of the English-reading world. In like manner the notion that the great Earl of Chatham waa "Junius" is boing mooted again, a notion which, on the whole, is more credible than that which would identify the celebrated correspondent of the PUBLIC ADVERTISER with the author of the " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." The death is announced of Baron Ducasse, formerly aide de-camp t J King Jerome, at the age j of 79. He edited the memoirs of Joseph Bona parte, and was the author of many military and historical works. The April number of the NEW REVIEW is to | ontain an important and hitherto unpublished article by the late M. Renan on, " The Children of Israel." Countess S/dney, widow of the late Lord Sydney, is Bai 1 to be in a very precarious state of health. A3 she was born as early in the century as 1810, it is only too probable that she will soon join the great majority. She leaves no children, and so the title of Sydney-from which, a3 is well known, our New South Wales capital took its name-will become extinct. It was con ferred originally by Gdorge III. on the noted politician Thomas Townshend, the " Tommy " Townshend of the famous lines on Burke in Goldsmith's " Retaliation " : Thotiíli fraught with all learning, still straining his throat ] To persuade Tomar y Townshend to lend him a vote. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy is at present busy writing his biog aphy. It is said the rights of the Australian portion of the book have been pur chased for ¿5500 by Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., for publication by an Australian newspaper syndi cate. It is likely that the matter relating to Irish history will be intensely interesting, cover ing as it mu3t the exciting events of the middle of the century, including the trial of Sir Charles and I O'Connell in 1846, and the establishment of the | Iris'i Federation and of the Tenant League. Astley's Amphitheatre, London, lately Sanger's Circus, ia about to disappear. It datea from the last quarter ot the 18th century. Its originator, Philip Astley had been a trooper. He first opened a sort of riding school. A service which he happened to render Gaor^e III. while on horseback procured him a licence for equestrian entertainments, to which others of a partially dramatic character | were added by-and-bye. The establishment during Philip Ailey's lifetime was twice burned down. He died in 1814, and was succeeded by his son, who in turn yielded his sceptre, or rather his whip, to Ducrow, who after long " witching the world with noble horemanahip," took his final gallop with the rider of the pale steed in 18Í1. The novels of Dickens and Thackeray -as may be said of most of the light literature of the first half of this century -contain many allusions to Astley's. One of the most noted of all its productions was " The Battle of Waterloo," with Mr. Gomersal as Napo leon. To people of this generation the name of that once-distinguished monarch of the sawdust will be familiar only through the medium of the yet-unforgotten "Bon Gaultier BilladB," where he Í3 introduced in a clever imitation of the ring iag stanzas of Lockhart's translations of the | ancient Spanish ballads. " The Midnight Visit " of the ghost of Napoleon to Lord Castlereagh ends, it may be remembered, with the ghost dropping a I paper and vanishing- ' " ," -He passes through the door Wa3 it a phantom, or a man was standing on the floor ? And could that he the Emperor that moved before my eyes? , Ah. yes, too sure it was himself, for here the paper lies 1 " with trembling h iud Lord Castlereagh undid the mystic _ Bcroll, With glassy eyes essayed to read, for fear was on his soul- . What's here-" At Astley's every night, the plav of « M03 cow s Fall!' * Napoleon, for the thousandth time, hy Mr. Gomersal." Peter Jackson, the colored pugilist, emulating the noble example of John L. Sullivan, has resolved to present himself to the public in, "dramatic form." Peter, it is said, will make his debut as Uncle Tom. "Niobe" is being adapted to the German sta *e A ?Blumentnal» aT*d will be played in Vienna 1 and other German speaking cities early in the autumn, whilo the Dutch will sample the Paul tons clever play much earlier. A marble statue of the late Mr. Barry Sullivan, depicted in the character of Hamlet, is shortly to oe placed over the distinguished actor's grave in Ulasnevin Cemetery, Dublin. The statue is the work of Mr. Farrell. ; Sydney.playgçpra j cpatùlùe ; to be offered; a ! drama, melodrama, domestic tragedy, and opera. jOf the latter'"liucrezia Borgia "is to be'the final sample given by .the Montague-Turner Company Ijat the Lyceum. Afc the Criterion the Brough and jBoucicault Company has been repeating " The [Village Priest," whilèat the Theatre Eoyal Mr. 'Dampier ha3 been attracting sympathetic au diences in his version of Marcus Clarke's " HÍB ;NaturalLife."- .?....; .' . .r¡ji 