"How Eihall We Decide This Question'?" NOW, WHICHt Is TU-: WORE-TO IItVF NO APP'KTITE OR Y ICR DiNNER, OR TO tevs; no DINN1.R 'OR YOUR APPETITE? There ale lots ,f people on the one side or the other of this que-tion. When "good diesotion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to. wasrds his meals. But most of us are not hlessed I:] that wa?y; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enoutigh to satisfy it. Dillereut folk dill answer this question diffrently,. yet the common sense of it is that, without reeonabla limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like cat. Ing, sa'Hds in need of "alterations and repair-," Io illustrate. We recently received a eonm munieatiou in which tl.e wriler say;, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food watt pou. sined, or did his nature rebel agins the nourishment lirel on t If the latter, whyl Let him clear the mystery himself. He says,'In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signaoman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I dlid not feel myseli. 3IMy month tasted bad, so tilat ordinary articles of iliet seemed to lose their ltiror; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have unothilng to say to them. One :thing was like another, antd nnon was good. M!y tonguie was coatel and furred, with a dark live down the middle and yellowv fur round it, Mly ht..ath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains throaugh the cthet and Ishoulders, which were altrnvs right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with win:L It would gather so it felt like a ball in my threat, andl act as it it would choke me." We c.annot wonder that under these cireuim etabnes our friend failed to tlo justice to hiis meals. lie adds that there was what he cells " a pricking sens,.tlin "nt his be.ut, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, aguin, g , at times lie wsas attacked with spantts, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rottla oft him. "I dreaded," he myl "the thought of eating, and ata.r A St'ANTY 11:AL IHAE I 3MAD. 1FOR 1 WAS ArtiAt) TO EAT. " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner* cons condi;io ltand felt mlarabhIe *e if gle-. ttt1ti was gttnl to nappenll, ansI this c'atled tile to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear oit "something going to happen " is, of coursc, the fear of sine calamity, sulch as the lossof his position, his ownt death, or tl.e death of omebodty dear to hiu. This wa·s tdue. is he intimates, to the impovcrished state o.f his bled (the life hItarer) his unstrung nerves, and to the brainenfeeb!ed iy lack of nourohýllaint. The eight of this foam of illness is always full of ghosts and poh. lies. the creatures of a restless anti ungo. rerned imagination. "With great dilliculty,"he says." I stack to my work, for I had a wife anid fatuily de. pending on me. Si I stuogglel oil, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I Aol sURE No ase IIAB srO'. FERED so .Ui'Oit AS I HtAVE IsDOt:." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always hauler to bear than is one's notion of his ncigtbonr's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we dtln't happten to come in touch with tlhem Well, the writer linally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a ease EX.ACrLY LIKE Ilts owN having been cured by Mother feigel's Syrup, "fly wife," he esys, "got mue a bottlo at Mr. Langstall's, in W\ou?!esford, awl after using its ountents thu ailment left me and has nev:r retuaned since that fortunste dlay. I should :ike the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Mlilland lRailway Company for eleven years. (sigtnl) " Gconr;a ll'rr " Ca: lottolm oa, l, " ,pperley Ilridge. near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's a'etire, in order that part of the world at Ieait may know who thankful he is and for what reason. 