JUST SO. Current Comment — Town Topics— The World, the Flesh, and the Devil. Loio Puller, the London, serpentine dancer, gots .£180 a woek: for fooling about with her ' skirts. We know a girl — — . But, let it go. From the D.T. : — " Wednesday's issue, by a uiisprint in a Newcastle telegram, tho natno ' Edward Whatley Thompson' appeared as ' Coward Whiteley Thomp son."' " Edward Wlmtoloy, most sedately Sat and read the paper, when, Glancing lightly, saw that White loy Coward liaU been oaHod by men. Rose bo straightly, 10.1 ward Whatoly, Wrote to Brienl letter strong, Latter brightly fixed up Whiteley, Cursod tho oomp3 for going wrong. Mrs. Hastio locturod at the School, of Arts Friday night on " Australian Womon in Politics." We likothem hotter in speckledprintand a sunbonnct or summer delaine and crush strawberry sashes and things. Howovor, if wo couldn't have 'cm any other way wo would -accept 'cm in politics. Thero is nothing mean about us where the gentle sex is concerned. Absolutely nothing. Miss Dinah Ferguson, tho smallpox patient at the quarantino station, is re ported to bo progressing favorably. Glad to hear that Dinah is doing well. Hope sho won't bo pitted. We will try and induce tho gentlo Ardill to go to quaran tine and consolo hor with prayer and sweet discourso, and remiuiscences of "How I Won'l'heLibel Action," and other pleasing and entertaining conversations. It must bo lonely for dealt Dinah down there by liorself. _ Fancy being tho only small-pox patient in a big city. It is worse than having a liaro lip. \- At la9t meeting of tho City Council the Mayor explained that a warrant had been issued for tho arrest of Mr. G. Merriman, tho lato City Solicitor; bub it had not been oxecutod owing to tho con tinued illness of the accused. City Father, jug him. Bather 1 Defalcations somothiug huge ; Public money, inueh too funny j People sick of subterfuge. Two Chinese gardcuers have diod sud denly at Gera'dton arter eating poisonous fish. Ono had a piece of fish in his mouth whon lie died. If that Chinaman's ghost docs not rise up and walk it is a wonder to U3. John's troublod spirit will never be ' able to get over tho fact that ho did not huvo time to finish the fish. Says a Sydney daily : — " Reports havo been received of an attack by natives on some minora at tho 90-mile rush. The miners were attacked while asleop. One man escaped through tho nativos attack ing the wrong ond of his body with a tomahawk. Which is tho wrong end of a man's body, anyhow ? 