^ s Mpm UNRAVELLED. , . Tfop n^mlannln prafliw Hud rtlmmis- Bioa store of Mr Purvis, on Delaware Bvewe/iUAr Vine-street, wap rokibpd oa the night of October 17, 1865. The Bale had been opened apparently by false keys, and upward of nine thousand \- ddlin. in 'greenbacks - were nbstmcted. A pacinge of bonds to the app^oa!of. 3,000 dollars more remained untouched. : • Two clerks, both young men, osnally slept in-the store. August Yerkes tad been in the employ of Mr Harrison Pnms for about four yeare, and enjoyed tb«' ^confidence, of his employer. Pembroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, bat the manner in which he took hold of the business impressed Mr Purvis 60 much in his faror that he predicted a successful fnturo -for the jjnnt; man, as s very able salesman and- ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon, and selected him as a companion for Yerkes in the store at night. . Both of these young men were in the store the night that the robbery occurred ; but, ; -when the {dace was opened in the mornMg, Sharon was missing, and-Yerkes lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of his bead, which had- been bleeding profusely; judging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate young man bad evidently endeavored to stanch the blood, for hifi -hands were stained as well as his dothes/ By the disorder in the office the numerous blood stains, both on t]ae floor and walls, it was evident that a desperate straggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that SbeioB, Jjating provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and been surprised. by his fellow-clerk in the midst of his work, who in turn -dealt iiim the blow near the temple, and tiieu, after a severe strode . between theiu, Yerkes fainted. from loss of blood ana the robber fled with his booty. Vamoe, a detective, and a physician were at ..once sent for; and, while Di. Edson was' attending to his patient, tbe detective examined die premises with his nsnal carefulness, particularly the second floor, «nd returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had recovered, and sat in an arm-chair with a bandage around his head. " Well, Mr Yarnoe, what hare you dfecovered ?" said Mr Purvis. " I find that the robber has been to the second floor," replied the detective " possibly he has taken some valuables from them as well." The merchant hastened upstairs, bat presently returned, saying that nothing had .been disturbed and removed as far as he could see." " Whatever his object may have been, I am positive he visited the second floor the bloody struggle had taken 7> • -- TL, Yerkes gave the following account:— ~ ' He woke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed. and, fearing that some mishap had overtaken him, lit a paraffine candle by the small gas jet inthe room and began to search for bmn, Hot finding him on the second floor hfi retoaed to the first floor, and dis- OWr^biia-before -the open safe.. They saijr jeabh'^etlier'at the. same moment, ^ftft •Shjgon'was spellfiound a* -bein? dis covered, in Ais criminal Then, began the straggle the evidence of which was SIX plainly appmnnt. S|i»iY|n | Nvfflg tfi» stronger of the two, soon overpowered his opponent, and -threw him so violently on th&fioor; that he became insensible. \- -Varaoe- listened with rapt attention to t^e tad, then made a few nates in hie book, after which he west out of the stare with hie eyes bent on the;floor before him, until he readied the street then, after casting his eyes seanchingly tiround on the ground, he walked over to the dock and.£azad Into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and; rejoined the others in the office, it was " Mr Purvis, the jobber has evidently escaped; by way of the river, as the blood trackB reach to the dock." Alloy*! were now directed towards tba^wDOBiled .man, who had enddenly 1 1 giyljrn pafe-;. He opened iris mouth as if fe iiw iomeihing, but £dL back with a gnfan and fainted away. While the doctor mis applying re-' etoraiiree to hie chuge, the detective drew Mr ^Porvis away to the rear of the Etare, 4^id xemained than half aa hour, in TOBTOBition with him, and, judging by pis frequent exclamations, pe mnst bave be^ astonished by what the detective told him. Be entering the office, they found stfll unconscious, and, ait the b L of Vamoe, he was taken to/ piteL "Kow, Mr Parvis," said Yarnoe.* c "wpl you point out to me the clothes a usually-vom by Mr Sharon while on] du^- at the store ?" "Certainly, sir," replied the gentle man ; " that is easily done," and h< went to the closet -where the clerks kep their outer garments. He examined the clothing, with gasps of enrprise. "What Is it?" said Vamoe,when Mr Purvis laid the garments -on Uuj bed. ** As I live, Sharon has not only lefts his co&t; and vest behind, but his pants, as * said Mr Purvis, in bewilder-f iiieiiL ' ThatJs Bingnlar," said tbe detective^ | arehanging glances with the physician j f "Ji is iraibr puEzling. in fact, when, | ijoi JJear in mind that Mr Yerkes, when; | found, was felly dressed, while the thielj I left jhis.pants behind," pointing t> a pain I beiieath the bed. { . i _ Ton will {iease fee whether* Mri Shafon left anything valuable; in hig Pnrvifl said, after, examining the seals. " I don't know what to think," said the gentleman, hopeleaslyT " I decl .'ire my head aches trying to divine ;iie motive* for- -this moefc extraordinary crime." 'Think as I'do." " What is that ?" i" Why, that Sharon, instead of b«:ng the thief, is the thiefe victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer garments behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him in the river.*' " Then you really expect Yerkes is the thief 7" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. " I am sure he is not only the thief, but a probable murderer also." Oh, the wretch!" cried the merchant passionately, " and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endnred in endeavoring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit the right man," continued Mr Purvis. "If he knew of this he might give ns the slip. He next thing to be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." " Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his ba:k are not his own," spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severe fit of seasickness. Something in the tone of his voice struck * chord in the breast of the merchant. He approached the man, and asked eagerly— "Who are yon?" " My name is Pembroke Sharon." In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested permission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference— the positions were changed. It was Sharon who had surprised the other in front of the open safe in the act of stowing in his pocket the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who de nounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus detected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow-clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more "until he awoke on board vessel near.the navy yard. He was told that they picked him up in the river. The captain and his two men had been to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him aboard the vessel, where his wants were at once attended to. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark, when familiar footsteps were heard ascending the bt&ir.; By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes!" whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and shut the door. He was none too saon, for the next moment Yerkee walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him that something was amiss—something to his disadvantage, too. You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked he for want of something -else to say. " We are, indeed," replied Mr Purvii regarding him -with an ominous look. " Yon all appear to be anything bnt pleased to see me," next remarked the robber and would-be assassin. On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective, with an ambiguous smile. Glancing at tbe detective with a scep- tical air, Yerkes walked to the closet and opened the. door, and the next moment he uttered a tearful shriek and started back with his hair -standing on end, and Iris face the color uf ashes. He had seen {as his goflty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, lor Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes -fixed- reproachfully on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision us too much lor his brain toendnre. Yerkss became a raving maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was oblige! to manae'e him hand and foot and again take htm to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterwards conveyed to the insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously rein pensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit oth to himself and his grateful em Yerkes lived abont a year after this onfinement, and died a raving immim<; terrible retribution {or bis attempt to fasten the crime on aa innocent person. 