NEWS AND NOTES IK A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. L .rornor leaves on 2f>th inst. s'"iid pinca -will cost 1,170,000. More polluted Yim Yonu water, l'olitinul wouthur chart puzzling, f-ultry, cloudy, with variable winds. lb-construction or extinction, which ? Holiday railway ticket for Founds tinn Day. Stuitury motto : " Polly, put the ieitfo on." Typhoid cuboa in the colony last week, 45; deaths, 7. " Ironmongers' Night" at tho Theatre jloyal on Friday next. 1'iinny Kmublc, the well-known actress and reader, is dctul. uses of diphtheria in tho colony last i-k 23, with li deaths. French and Italian men-of-war sent to T. iigiers. On the watch. A scientific oxpedition has been sont «»»« Norway, to West Australia. Might falling off in railway receipts for lu.st wouk as compared with 1892. iJullurat branch Miners' Association li;. i a credit balanco of LlQO 18s Dd. , Thirteen years ago to-day tho tele- pucne was iutioducod into Melbourne. !ri»k evicted tenants threaten out- Ti tea unless reinstated in their hold Tho borough of Port Melbourne has liven proclaimed town by au order-in- council. ' ir.il.S. Orlando on hor wny toAde- Initio and West Australia. Thouco to Hubert. r,.. Federal Council sits in fl obart on 2Ctli y.s' ,L,,taw Duffy and -Shiula ronrcseut intense cold iu Kurojie and America. Hamburgh icebound. Skating ull ovor J'higlund. It.M.8. PiirrauinUa exported in Ado- laido to-morrow. English mails to 16lb December. Tho Clovolnnd President Elect, United Slates, urging the repeal of the Silver l'urchnse-Act. Tentlers for Victorian Treasury bonds receivable at reveiiuo and tjuy ulHce until iioou, 31st inst. The ju'ek)>ockct brigado is at work ogam on tho Yurro wliurvcs. Pasiougors and other WHru'cd. A dyuamito train oxplodos at Mated!, war tho mouth of tho Congo, Africa, l-'it'ty persona killed. i'otnl yield of gold, Queensland, last year 002,75Sez, Increase of 2G,3IUox. l uinpured wilh 1891. Tho first dividend of Is in tho £ has bron paid in London to tho creditors of Urn nuiv Oriental Bank. _ Iteported that tho Austrulinu Finance t.o, contemplates starting frocziug works at a North Queensland port. Fourteenth half-yearly report Royal Hank of Queensland shows L12,413 net proGts. Dividend o per oeut. M. llihout, French I'romirr, apologises tn Huron .Mohruuheiiu, Russian Ambas sador, for tlioso bribery insiiiiiations. Australian pearl Ashore on the south roast of Burmuh wanted off by the Indian (iovornmont, Govonnneut monojily. A London firm commissions a Hobart agent- to purchase 40,000 bushels of apples at 4s per bushel on tho wharf. , ,uty ,®n c!iiial beer most successful of tho Victorian taxes. Kevonue for 1st boptombcr to 31st Dccomher. 1.49,002 2s 8d. , 'rhoI,I>,-, I"11 O. Co.'. n.SI.S Ocoauu, from Mulbouruo 3rd December, arrived an Plymouth on the evening of the 13tb inst, Several sharoholdcrs in 'tho Panama Company ready to subscribo anothor million sterling. No want of confidence there. According to tho "St. Jamos' tJwwito" tho beirotlml of tho Duko of brk to Princess Muy will shortly bo announced. Mtss Marion Willis and Company, re cently playing at Opera House, have com mencod an eight nights' ongagemeut ut Bondigo. Tlio 'correspondents of some Gorman, Ifnngariau, and Italian papers havo been rxpolled from Paris for " hinting at " Baron Mobronhoim. Mr p H. 8. Palmer, recently retired Bupcrintondent of tho Victorian Polico, appointed district agent N.Y. Life As surance Rooioty, llnlhirat. Messrs Dalgety and Company are ad vised, by cable, of tho doparturo of tho Aberdeen lino s.s. Australasian from GmeTown, on loth inst. The Governor will tako ohargo of a present, the Oballonge Cup given by tho old University oarsmen of England, to us rowed for by Australian University. Official recoivor of tho London and General Bank reports grave mismanage ment. Roservo fund was exhausted wnon last dividend of 10 per oeut. was de- dared, f A ghost rtory from Moolean, N.8.W. Tne " shade " smashes windows, throws tonos, stc. XInfartutiatoly tho widow of t« 'supposed human original has becomo insane, _Th« Butherglen Vino and Fruit Pcowere Assoolation oak for a Govern- rogalatiou that all brsudy dls- tillad in Victoria should bo from tho Juioe of the grapes, 