TELEPHONE TALKS. Quiz—" The elections are over, Miss Mac, and I hope we have all recovered our senses. Some of us, I am aware, had bo senses to lose, but no matter. Let us come back to our everyday life again. Switch me on to the Com missioner of Police with all speed. Peter, which signifieth a stone, are you there? I am your little play mate, Quiz." "Then I wish my little playmate would run away and play \fith someone else. You have let me alone for a long time; why can't you keep quiet altogether ? Look here, if you behave yourself I will send the police van to take you for a ride." "What! Black Maria! No, thanks. I shall come to that all in good time. And if you mean the vehicle in which I see you sometimes taking the air, you must reserve that for more dis tinguished personages—the Govern ment House crowd, for example. By the-bye, why don't you go in for a bicycle ? Your troopers look quite elegant on their little machines, and if you had one built—take care that it is strong—and paraded King William, Street you would create a sensation. You would set the fashion in bicycles, and jaded sassiety would ever bless you." " Did you ring me up to talk this rubbish? I am very busy." " Are you making a list, of all the old fossils in the Force who ought to retire and make way for younger men ? That would be very good work Or are you studying Theosophy ? I know at one time you used to in vestigate Spiritualism, and you were very nearly, if not quite, a believer in it." " Well, I don't think you ought to scoff at it. There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." " Quite true. I am no scoffer. I am told that Spiritualistic seances were held in what was known as your chamber of horrors. You were sur rounded by pistols and knives and other weapons with which murder had 1 been committed, and the still air was peopled with the ghosts of the mur derers. Ugh! It makes me feel creepy." "What on earth are you driving at? Do try to be a little practical for once in a while." "That's just what I am coming to. ^ I want you to go in for the study of j| Theosophy. I don't know much about the subject, but I am willing to learn. I should like to have two bodies and two existences. Just fancy when a creditor called for his little account your astral body could hover around while he was vainly arguing with a senseless mass of flesh." " Do stop this rigmarole .and let me get on with my work." "I must pursue an idea that has taken possession of me. I am in clined to believe in the astral-body business. Have you never felt as though your thinking self had left your body ? I have lots of times. It was generally after a late night, but that does hot interfere with the theory. I am going to cultivate theosophy, and send my astral body out on newspaper missions. He, or it, shall discover how our best people conduct themselves when the public eye is not fixed upon them. Oh, I warrant you there will be a pretty bit of scandal. The only fear I have is that the publication of the par ticulars might lead to the absolute breaking up of many comparatively happy homes." " I devoutly wish that someone would break you up into very minute pieces." " Don't be savage. Think how useful an astral body would be to you. You would be able to lock your office door, and your spiritual self could float through the window over Vic toria Square. You could peep into the Chief Justice's chamber and see \ him nursing his Pomeranian pet. Then you could whisk across the road to the Police Station, and there you could smile at the old fogies of officers also engaged in nursing— gout and rheumatism and bandy legs. And you would glance into the detectives' quarters, and perhaps— mind I don't say you would do so— find them engaged in a friendly game of euchre or endeavoring to discover by the cards whether the ticket they hold in the next big sweep is going to prove a winning number." " Oh, do for goodness sake be quiet. You make my head ache." "Grant me a few minutes more, most worthy Commissioner. I am nearly at the end of my tether now." " You will be at the end of a tether one of these days. Ha, ha, ha !" " That is cruel—and before the child, too. If you can't be serious it is no use going on with the discussion. Here am I wasting my precious time endeavoring' to explain how theosophy can be usefully applied to the Police Force and you treat me to ribald remarks. This is most discouraging. I want you to educate the force. Let the common policeman and the detec tives know that they possess astral bodies and there will be no limit to their acquirements. The occupation of the burglar would be gone. He wouldn't care to go burgling if he thought that there was a spectre of a D. superintending operations, and so he would be led to adopt an honest life." " But, my dear fellow, the burglar might learn that he too had an astral body, and so might encounter the other in mid air. What would happen then ? Besides, supposing the spiritual detective—oh, hold me up while I laugh at the thought of a spiritual detective—well, anyway, what use would he be in the witness box. It would be of no use for the corporeal D. to swear that he saw the enterpris ing burglar at work. His wife would probably be called to declare that at the very time he was asleep in his bed at home." "Pshaw! You shan't throw cold water on my scheme in this way: Couldn't the astral body communicate a clue to the other part of him, and don't we know that clues are the ne plus ultra of a detective's existence. What would a D. be without a clue ? Well, this would be a substantial clue, and you might be able to arrest a noted criminal once in a way. Take the case of a man about to abscond with Government money to Mexico or South America, there would be no necessity to employ black trackers. The spook of the detective would go floating serenely around, and the intending escapee would have all his movements watched. Then, Hey! Presto ! Pass! The spirit would go back to the man, the man would pull himself together and disguise himself in a belltopper, and the fate of the would-be absconder would be decided. He wouldn't need to ask legal advice about extradition treaties. The D. in the flesh would act on what the D. in the spirit had seen. There! What do you think of that for a practical suggestion?" " I am inclined to think that you have been exercising your brains too much of late or else the brand of whisky you patronise is extra strong." " Then to think of the astral police man on his weary beat passing and repassing the publichouse, moistening his lips and longing for a long beer. There would be no necessity for him to sneak in the side way and then issue forth furtively wiping the froth from his moustache. He could u'nseen soar above the barroom habitues and drink up the beer they had left while they were engaged in conversation; The prospect is Elysium." "Here, I say, where would the beer go? A spirit can't drink beer or spirits either. You are getting beyond your depth again." " How do you know 1 Have you ever been a spook 1 Then what right have you to pronounce an opinion 1 I have been casting my pearls before the unclean animal. . I have given you ideas for the reformation of the Force and you laugh them to scorn. I wash my hands of the whole . business. Your policeman may continue to go hotpe with froth on their moustaches, your detectives may remain obtuse and unable to find out anyone but a duck stealer, and you may—well, I wont finish the sentence. I'm dis gusted." " Good-bye, Quiz, I'll send Dr. Paterson to examine you. I don't think you will require a padded cell. Ha, ha, ha." " And now ring up P. McM. Glynn. The top of the morning, Paddy McGlynn. I'm right glad to see you, I mean to hear you, but as I haven't heard you yet that statement is a bit mixed. I say, they had a divvle of a row at Kapunda—a regular kind of Donnybrook Fair on a mild scale. I wonder you weren't in the thick of it." " Not I. I,had nothing to do with it. Sure, the boys were a bit angry at my defeat, and the divvle got into them, and there was the deuce and all to pay. I was spoiling for a row, but I had nothing to do with it." "No ; I am sure of that. It was a pity that the affair happened. Also fl am sorry that you were beaten, because I wanted to see you in the House again." " Ah, well, I knew it was all up with 1 me after the Kapunda votes had been counted. Misrepresentation of my opinions spoiled my chances elsewhere. Still the boys stuck to me. The young men who were going to exercise the franchise for the first time all gave me their votes, and it is to them that we have to look in the future." "I hear that you had some pretty hard things to say about some of the electors. For instance, you told the 4free and enlightened' at one place, which shall be nameless, that they were drink-sodden beasts, or words to that effect, that the way to gain their Votes was by means of the beer barrel, and that you did not wish to represent such a lot of blankety blank idiots." 4 4 No, I never used bad language, but I did speak very strongly, because I felt strongly. I might have explained my views for a week and it would not have made any difference. They had made up their minds long before, and they would have none of me." 44 You also said some severe things of the Germans, whom you do not seem to like. I heard that if a German agent had been in a certain township your election would have been secure." 44 Ah, well, it's no use crying over spilt milk. I have been beaten, and I am not going to make a noise. Still, I don't think that Germans who have not been naturalized should be entitled to vote. When they settle here they must conform to our institutions, and naturalization is one of them. How ever, somebody else may deal with that point." " I hope the lessons you gave somp of the electors will bear good fruii. But you gave Jenkin Coles a bad turn at 6ne of your meetings when you alluded to him as a single taxer in 1884 and an opponent of extra land taxation to-day, as a freetrader ten years ago and a protectionist in 1887. Why didn't you let bygones be by gones. It was unkind of you." " Qh, I let theua have it all round. I wasn?t particular." " Well, what is your programme now? Are you going to wait for three years and honor Light with your presence again? Or will you offer yourself as a candidate for the Legislative Council ?" " There is plenty of time to consider that. My present idea is to try a constituency nearer the city ; but we shall see what we shall see. Good-bye for the present." 