NATASQUA. CHAPTER VI. ' MlSS Vai)X was sitting in the long grass under a big paper mulberry, on the Wge. / The shadow was as dark " Bs'a tent over her dnd Dort« who stood beside her, and,tar above was the tenting .ky, itsftilUnd vast folds shutting them invi.A chance beam of light fell on her ( ' fcwS, with its cap and tuft of scarlet feather.,. The liver was a silent pathway of[Stfel(flay through the dusk; on its nfuAhershorea boat, with spectral sail, tackoaandjibbed silently as a ghost. TOe.duk tore of a crab-fisher, of which WWjthp. flwa aqji arms could, be seen l Abolw itbe .Arater, passed; noiselessly atonp'^the 'shore, an unwieldy boat to bis., mist He ..atfNMii of 'tight* Hie silence Was "itfecdtttt,1-.'W|ert!.«e no sinking birds in *»fB» SffWJvi' ptbept dark, any sparrpws, who hop along the . "fetid Mridront & twitter. ? . . the Styx," 'iiiSAIftiss Vatii£ ItejifciWi With an .effort.1 '^jAwirJWler js Charon s boat, waiting Sort made no reply. on; the bark' .of this tree, Mr. Doit. Red,; purple,' «afiron(-eveiy shade of the browns. One' natufe apd her palette I"' ji>?4dly- but his lips, {iimnnBeKorablyehuLi . , "Tbey ought aoon to cut the sedge," JfhfejWittirea, thirdly. "This is quite , r jtl.What doI carefor Charon, or the .ted^e? Why do you talk in this way to . V lBecafise ihete is nothing else left for UB.to talk of," she answered steadily. ; "Because, one day more and we will be alfadgerato each other for the remainder . pfpurlives. It is safer that we should . meet as Grangers now." . '"Romyl" . She,rose as though against her will . W»4 stood beside him. He held out his '.bands to her. V "?¥«, I know," she said, answering words which he did not speak, " I know what! amtoyou." " But you-yoii 1 I am a dam-digger to .ypuyt.^at's all I A vulgar fellow that ? eould amusemiufor the time {something ?curious, a little -out of the common town ;Way, tO be' ^nked with the sea-horse ' that ybu cried, br the plaice, with both ,"..^»:«»PW.Iliidl»tr«h'?";-,., 1"."*"Vou«reunjust«"quietly. "I have told you thai I lovfe you." >""4ut what klhd of love is it ?" When the did not answer, he stood hot and fuic .jeqe^soui he, w«s ashamed of his rage .'jjtJt^Sdpk thwatted., It seemed to him, as Jihe aarK' tree shut them in, there was but | Tthis Anfc living creature in all the world. ?It'seitJjfed as if, by aswift, hard insight, . .(|)P,flrsf, time clearly, himself n ili^d Jhis past ilife, his incompleteness, his uncontrolled temper, his ignorance, his Mpceit. 411 that |h? lacked waited for ' ntm, 4rj ^r.;. ^^ritttlly, if he reasoned about'iV of course "Rpmy was a weak, soft<«ttatUre. ; Yet ihe1iad a curious _^ffect|Upo^ him5;tf)'t:to'an1)e might be, T "Wnich iie'nevef had thought .of till she came, stoodjjefore him whenever he wis JngttKjrid£?clear and healthy, and real WQttday's noohshlhe.. Soft and Weak though she mjght^e,^herfcj|iis all invis ible wWl ab'TO'^lSofiMSo, stronger thfn r a«y strength which he s knew. He was parting from hW|Sftttfl probability, for ever; he was'triad'irith'passibn to touch her; her babyish'ttbdtti, her thin, blue veined hand, With thfe glove half off, her cloak, were biit a hand's breadth from him, yet he could not put his fihger on them. : The line of invisible air might have been a gulf wide as death, so im passable was it. He spoke at last. She , turned quickly; " There is but one day more, and then you are gone. Do you know what it is that you leave me to ? I wish I could tell you. I have no words like the men who are your companions." He stopped short. How could he show her that she was the only gleam from that outer world of refinement and culture which had ever come to him? He could not tell her that when she was gone ? he would sink back into Dick Dort, clam and oyster trader, with neither ideas nor ambitions beyond a lucky planting or a sharp sale. Was it best to any silly girl that she had such absolute power over a man's fate ? He would have liked to assert the proper difference between man and woman ; to be masterful, dominant; to bcckon her toward him as the sultan his favorite. But he found that, in fact, he did nothing of the kind; he only raged or complained. " You think of duty. You have no thought for me," he said sullenly. In spite of his flash of humility, he felt that he was well worth thinking of. He was sure that there were very high places in the world wait ing for himself, or men like him. " Give me a chance of calling you wife, Romy, and I will show you what I can make of myself." Now Miss Vaux had neither her father's love of talking, nor his facility of expression. Whenever she was driven to the wall and forced to speak, other wise than by looks or smiles, her words were few, and not particularly well chosen. " I never thought of what you would be. It's only what you are. You are so-so honest; and I have not always lived among honest people." Her dark blue eyes met his, but not steadily as usual. They were full of tears; she held out her hand, hoping he would take it. Romy had neither love nor petting at home; had never had them; she only, there fore, like most still, cold-mannered women, wanted them a little more than the rest of her sex. But Dick drew back, biting his lips. " Don't touch me, unless you will come to me altogether." "It is you who forbid me to come. I do love you. Why won't you believe that I love you, Richard ?" " How should I believe you ? There is but one chance that you should become my wife, and that you refuse." " It is not the only one." "What can I do but adopt your mother's suggestion ? I confess it did seem cowardly to me at first. But I see no other course." " It is not cowardly only, it is base; it-is-no matter: it is one which I will never accept. I will be no man's wife clandestinely-" "When I came to you to-night I thought your father might consent. But you-" " I don't underrate the difficulty, as you did. He will not consent to morrow, nor the next day, perhaps never," . . ? ''What would you have me do, thenr "Go to him fairly. He;is human, after all," she said laughing.' "He (know whit lore is. There never was loyaj^lbver-tfianhe to his wife. Let \is wait. Love and patience and. 4$ftfii0n sense can conquer anything in time." , " I do not see how you can talk cheer fully and be ready to joke about it," he i6aid, clapping his hat on irritably. . "Life does not seem so tragifc a matter to me, after all, Richard. 'There's no need of putting our love into the Ercles' vein. There is no danger of: ;our growing old or gray-headed, What if we Should wait a yetftor two ?" "I don't know what you mean by the Erctes' vein. I do know that you throw me off as you would a cast-off shoe, without a thought I ask for no more than a legal hold on you, that I may claim you when the time comes." Miss Vaux's blue eyes watched him with a quizzical laugh. " It is my father, I think, that you propose I should fling away like a worn-out shoe that had served his turn. Doesn't it occur to you that the nineteen years of love and service he has given me deserve that I should not turn ray back on him . for a friend of three week's acquaintance, without at least something of a decent apology? I am unromantic and prosaic, perhaps. I know you have all the poets and novelists on your side. But, Richard," and then her voice broke, and she held out her hand again, " my love for you is the honestest and purest thing that ever came to me. Don't ask me to make it a sham and a lie. I can't eat my father's bread for years under a false name, plotting against him and tricking him, day and night. If that is all that is left to us, I'll go back to him; you can stay here." With that the young lady turned and walked up the hill. If she had earned her head stiffly or set her feet down sharply like any other angry woman, Dick would have followed her and renewed the struggle. But she went on her way with as easy, soft tread as the day he met her first, the same genial, quizzical laugh on her pretty face. There was no means of knowing how much flint lay under that soft-tinted flesh and good humor. He let her go, and sat down doggedly on the ground, clasping his hands about his knees. " It's ail very well to jog cheerfully , along through life in that way, or to preach that it will all come right if we do our duty in a humdrum, honest way" (which poor Romy had never preached, by the way). " But there is pain and passion in the world, of which you know nothing, Romaine Vaux I" looking bitterly after her retreating figure, re treating more slowly when she found he did not follow her. On the top of the hill she found her mother engaged in active conflict with a blackberry-bush that had caught her frizzy camel's-hair trimming. " I don't believe you'll over get me loose in the world, Romy. And I have my stockings full of nettles besides. What's the matter, child ? You've been crying. You did not consent to my plan ? Oh, very well I You mean to break our hearts altogether ?" "It will not be so fatal a matter as that, mother," looking up from her knees and the brambles j " give father time to see that we arc in earnest, and he will con sent." " Never, Romaine Vaux I Never 1 You do not remember that Richard is a poor fisherman ; it's very romantic, I know, but really that room is only a kitchen ; one can not disguise the fact." " I remember when my father was a poor shoemaker, and I seen our old room in Shanly Court," said Romy, quietly. " Oh, very well! Hut don't talk of those old times; it's very unpleasant, and in bad taste-very bad ! Your father is a gentleman now, and in affluence. He hasn't a settled income, to be sure, but the public-don't look in that way, Romy. Don't say you're tired of living o(T the public." " I did not say so, mother," gently ad justing the cloak. " It would be very improper if you had It is not delicate in young girls to set themselves up as censors of their parents. Your father puts the case very aptly about the public and a donkey; I forget the simile, but its very complete. But to go back. He never would allow you to leave the world of refinement and culture in which you live, to come here." " There may be such a world," said Romy, her soft cheek reddening, "but it's certain that we don't live in it. I'm tired of our miserable aping, and our past: jewelry, and gold that is washed brass. Oh, I am so tired 1" Mrs. Vaux looked at her in dismay. " I never wore washed brass in my life," she ejaculated solemnly to berself. French gilt I may have- Well, if you are tired of it," raising her voice, "why don't you escape from it? . Why not marry my-this poor boy ? He loves you, as nobody ever will again." " Because I will not make life itself as much of a sham as the rest. Oh, mother, can't you see? Can nobody understand ?" " There, there, there I" stroking her head. " I understand all about it, but as for waiting for your father's consent do you know him, Romaine Vaux ? that's all I ask-do you know him ?" Romy wiped her red eyes. " I know him as you do not, mother. I remember when I was a child in that room in Shanly Court, puny, cross, and sick. Father was police reporter for the Times. I remember when he would come in at one o'clock in the morning, worn out with the day's work, and sit in his shirt sleeves, time and again, rocking and singing to me till daylight. I do not forget that. I can't cheat him now." " Oh, very well I The matter is de cided. Go and bid good-by to your crony, Mr. Inskip. I certainly have no desire to meet him again; I consider him intolerably rude ! I will wait for you here.", She sat down on the dry sedge. The moon bad risen; its even, cold light grew cheerful and tender, falling on the homely farm-bouse, the orchard, the bright river with its incessant drowsy whisper to the shore. She drew a long breath of relief. " It certainly is better than the gaslight on the briclts, and the policeman eternally tramp, tramping up and down." It was a happy nest for her boy and Romy; but there he sat, sullen and despairing, on the river's brink. And there was Romy, going from him every moment. The two black figures drew further apart, sot to meet again. " And it is I that have done it I" For a moment the ordinary bewilder ment of scraps and tag-rag of thoughts eleared away from her brain, and she saw the truth face to face. If Major Vaux knew that Dort was her son, she secretly believed he would allow Romy to marry him. " The boy has pluck and business energy. He is a Dort, and the Major counts blood for so much 1" she said to herself. The story would not be ? so terrible to tell, after alt. She was but a school-girl of sixteen when she ran away with Jonn Walt. They were legally married: she had the certificate still. It was her mother's plan to keep the silly marriage concealed until they were of age, but when Walt died, and her baby also, as they told her, it was her own, to let it remain a secret, "I had all mamma's skill in affairs," thought Fanny, complacently. Only a few years ago she had learned that her child still lived. " Oh, if I had only told him-then 1" she said. "But now-" yet even now it might give her boy a wife, place, name for lite; it would take away the shame of his birth. I have done nothing for him. Nothing I Surely I can do this little thing. The major loves me. He'll for give me. I will go to him to- night now." She got up ; there were none of the ready tears in her eyes; the real pain at her heart had dried them. She tied on her bonnet. When the icy lingers touched her chin-" I declare it's just like death," she gasped. " Oh, I daren't! I daren't!" Was there no plan, nothing to take the place of this dragging open her whole treacherous life, as at the bar of judgment? One good) honest effort and all would be Well. " But dear, dear 1 a little clever bit of finesse serves one just as well, generally, as honesty," said Mrs. Vaux, even while she dragged herself slowly to the tent. " It always has me. Let me think; let me think 1" Her steps grew slower and slower; whatever she did must be done at once. There was but to- morrow; after that, Dort was lost to her and Romy forever. She stopped, leaning against a tree. Suddenly the heat began to creep back to her flesh, the dingy colour to her powdered cheeks; her eyes twinkled; she began to flirt her fan vigorously. " I have it! I have it 1" she cried, and, turn ing, went hastily toward the tent; then, recollectingherself,satdown and patiently waited for Romy. 