hi AiistpaMan Millionaire. I BOOK III. ? CHAPTER XV.— tCoNHNtiED.) ? But to this Captain Fennacove objected. ? Unlike Larry, lie could not find any Bnleasure in listening to 'what might be a ?private confession, although he knew quite B£b much of his old friend's past as ? Larry did. Theie might be more |to know, possibly, of which, he would. ?rather remain in ignorance, and. there ? fora he declined. About an hour later on, ? and tha day of Larry's arrival, Eoland, ? finding the lawyer could spare an hour or ? eo, was seated -with Larry and Tackerline ? in the private office of the latter. The I three — the old squatter, the quondam ward, Hand the legal adviser — eat at the office ? table. Roland in the centre, appointed ? reader, with his hands on the packet — a I tig blue oblong envelope, bulging with its ? contents. His fingers trifled nervously ? with it, and his voice had not its usual I strength and clearness, as he said, turning j I first to Larry, and next to the lawyer — J ? « Now you, and you, are my witnesses this j ? hour that I, on behalf o£ the dead son of a dead father, at the instigation of you, my witnesses, do break open this envelope, deeming it incumbent upon me. Is that rot so?' ' That is bo,' responded the lawyer solemnly. ' Go ahead,' cried Larry, impatient. ' And in this compact,' continued Koland, ' we, as three just men fearing God, ask his mercy and pardon if we ehonld be misguided in our preBent action.' ' Amen -'* said Tackerline. 'Amenl' repeated Larry ; 'and now fire away. Do as that Bible chap done — cut the Gordian knot, you know. Cut away, youngster.' In spite of confused memory, his simile was not without its application, as shall be se«n ; but the utterance of it for a few moments robbed the proceedings of their solemnity, and compelled a smile to broaden on the lawyer's face ; while Roland's upper lip took its wonted curve — a slight wave of amusement. Roland slit the envelope with his pen knife, and could no more liken himself to the Macedonian warrior than he could believe his knife to be that victorious eword said to have severed the famous knot; and yet you will understand in due course that it would not be such an absurd or extravagant comparison, either. A thick folding of letter-paper was withdrawn and spread open on tiie table before the three man ; and Roland, con scious oi a strange palpitation at Ms breast, Dent over the opened sheets and began to read aloud Jeremiah Gold win's communication to his son. It was written in a cramped, somewhat illegible hand, closely packed, and it occa sionally lapsed into solecism and iaco herence ; but these deficiencies did not detract anything1 of its interest for the one who read and the two who listened. Thus it opened — ' Dear Boy— I am only a shaking old man, about to die, and to write the longest letter ever written in my life — but write I must ; for she's at my elbow — a ghost — the ghost of a woman. Her eyes burn me I like live coals j hex fingers guide mine ; they are like steel — so _hard, so cold, grip ping mine ; and her voice is like a stormy wind, with a howl like a sick dog's, at my ear, and she whines, * Write ! write 1 write !' —and write I must. Last night I saw your mother through that blood-red pane, saw her lips touch that fellow's— that traitor — that man I took a fancy to and gave a billet because his name was Lcckstud, and because he was an old friend of hers, she told me. Oh yes, he was an old friend— a great friend. I crouched at the window, and the ghost bent over me, and pointed a finger at her, and gave a croaking laugh. ' See your fond wife, fool1, her heart is that man's — not ycurs. She avenges nay brother's death — your first wife's death. See ! Yes, your mother, my eon, is my second wife, and my first was sweet and true. And I, in jealous rage, not knowing the truth, hurled Basil Sebaste to his death ; for he had my sweet little Stella in his arms and his vile mouth on her cheek ; and so I sprang on him, and he died. The fall on the fender did for him, but my arms threw him, and I sent him out of the world — not at once j he lingered, but yet he died before the week was oat — and I killed Mm, That woman, his sister, Helen Sebaste, bent over him, feeling Ms heart, bis pulse, bind ing his temple with, her handkerchief, getting redder and redder with, his blood and Stella swooned. But for that swoon I could have struck her too in my madness, woman rose to her feet and cursed me. « You shall suffer! you shall hang. The law shall show no mercy to such devils as you, Cecil Kovodel 1' ' she cried. Here Roland, drawing a sharp breath, was compelled to stop. He straightened himself, and reBted well back against his chair. There was awe written on his countenance, his hands shook, Mb words at the last had become slightly indistinct, and he turned appealingly to the lawyer, re questing him to finish the reading. « Why, what's up ?' asked Larry. «? Has it scared you ? You read on_j you'll under stand it eoon. Any man would ha' done the same.' ' It is marvellous,' said Roland, not ad dressing anybody in particular, and making no attempt to continue. « It is not an uncommon occurence,' re marked Tackerline, wondering at Roland's evident agitation. 'Bat I will read it Bince you wish it.' The lawyer took the sheets in his own hands, and, peering at them closely through his glasses, took up tha thread where Roland had dropped it, while Eoland, as grave as Hamlet before his father's ghost, leaning forward with Ms hands supporting his head, and his' elbow on the table, re mained thus till John Tackerline drew to the conclusion. ' And now,' read the lawyer, 'after all theBe years the curse has ripened— -has found me oat. I've been fooled— duped by a woman I must love etill, a snake fawning on ma for my money — a beautiful snake, your mother — - not wholly false, but £al»e enough to prove how right poos old WftUh was— false enough to drive me crasty and aeref ^rlsh to see her again. Poor old Walsh I he wouldn't stand by and see me wronged in any way.''1 '? Ay,' put in Larry, with a groan. '?Oh,' continued Tackerline, ' «I loved her, and I love you, my son — dote on you, have plotted and planned for you, have prayed to live to see you grow ! There were years of life in me till last night, now the old craft is sinking, and I daren't look at her again ; she'd bewitch me again, and I want to punish her like she has punished me, through the cursed money. I'll be even with her; butyou, my boy, when you read this, may provide for her as it shall eeein good or just, and may remove the yoke I shall fix about her j neck. As a man you shall judge, as a son j you shall do your duty, if she lives, and i never visit her sin to me upon her head. That's all about her. Nowforpoor little Stella i and that wretch, Basil Sebaste. With her ' white face, and him stiff in death, as I thought, I fled from the house where but a little timeagolhad settled down happy with my young wife. I fled to a friend — Timothy Pennacove— the beet friend of my early days, second mate on board the Gitano, and my successor as first mate when I gave up the sea for Stella. He rose to captain since, but I made it worth while for him to give up the sea, too. He brought me to my senses ; he told me I had been too rash — hinted at Stella not being in the wrong, and when thinking that I would have rushed back to her, he held me from going, saying I was going straight for a reef with my eyes wide open ; said if my girl was false I was better away, and if she was true she'd follow me, for he was off for Australia the very next day, and vowed he'd carry me off with. him. So he did ; he smuggled me on board the old Gitano, and the hue and cry never reached me. Shaved and dyed and dressed as a Jack-tar, I sailed, as I thought, from the clutch and the curse of Helen Sebaste. The old captain never smelt a rat at all, and thought me a sailor friend of the first mate, asking to work Ms passage to Australia. But one young1 sailor fellow, sharper than the master, found me out, and I told him every tning, and he helped to keep the dodge afloat. That same is Jacob, now as old as me, and well provided for on the Washington run. I like to reward my friends as Monte Cristo did. Well, my son, as soon as I arrived I dropped the sailor clothes, and I became Jeremiah Goodwin ; each name had its own mean ing. 1 meant to win gold, and there was always a jeremiad at my heart. But when the Gitano sailed back I sent a letter by Tim to old Lockstud, Stella's guardian — ' ' Lockstud ! ' interpolated Tackerline ; -c that's strange to meet the name here, isn't it ?' ? It was a mere comment urged by the question of coincidence to which the name pointed, and only met with a grunt from. Larry. Roland never spoke — never changed his position. ' ' Sent a letter by Tim to old Lockstud, Stella's guardian,'' repeated Tackerline, '?explaining everything and asking for news of my wife. I didn't get an answer for months ; remember, it was all sailing then, and it was a long time before Tim touched England again ; and when it did come — from Tim, not Lockstud — it floored me, and I took to money-making like a man to dram-drinking to keep Mm from thinking. I had been all wrong, it said. Stella's, but before she met ma she had found him out for a villain, and what she had once thought love was only infatuation or fascination with the cur'e handsome face. Old Lockatud told Tim tMs, mind, and swore I should never see my wife again — that he wouldn't trust her to a mad-brained scamp, wouldn't disgrace her with my name! I was a murderer, and had better not show nay face in London, or the law would have me. He was in a towering rage, and at the last blubbered like a girl, for he was so fond of my Stella. * Why didn't she tell her hus band of her old lover then ?' asked Tim ; and to this Lockstud said she was frightened to tell, because I had once said I couldn't bear to think that she ever cared for any man but me. I did say it, for my love was strong and fierce. Well, this fellow had some letters of hers, said Lockstud, for which she had begged, but he wouldn't give them up till he saw there was some thing to be made by them, and then he and Ms sister came upon her one day when was I out, and he had her letters with a big price set on them. She offered to give it too ; and then the wretch, not satisfied, dared to embrace her. There it is in a nutshell. I cast him from her and threw him ; she swooned and died six months afterwards in cMld-birth. So I helped to kill her and the child — at least, I'm not so sure about the child. Whether girl or boy Lockstud wouldn't tell, and neither would he say outright whether it was living or dead, and that's all old Tim could tell me. Now, my boy, understand there might be somebody living of the name of Kovodel. I could not make inquiries without betray ing my true name ; and, besides, Stella was rich, and I knew the child, if living, would have all hers, and that the Lockstud folks would see to it. I've always been on the alert to find a Kovodel, bat have never met, with one bearing the name. Old Lockstud had plenty relations, and I sometimes thought tMs Theodore Lockstud might be one of them, but daren't ask him any questions. It was for tMs I was so ready to befriend him, for I liked the old man, and wanted to make some sort of repara tion.' Again, remember Stella's maiden' name was Maybell, and she may have taken that name j so be on the lookout for a May bell if you can't find a Kovodel, and do something to help one or other on in the world, if it is needed. I almost forget that I am not Jeremiah Goldwin now ; that is, I did till last night. I was very miserable over .Tim's letter. I prayed hard in those days, but think I prayed more to Stella than God, knowing that she was innocent and good, and feeling I had -wronged her so, and would have liked to die, only I wasn't fit. I said I'd live and get rich and found charities, and do good with my riches, and bury the old name, and raise one that should be honored. So I got rich and the years rolled by, and I didn't pray bo often I fear. A friend came to main my loneliness $ ho loved me; ho a&vecl; zny life, and for it I told him all my past) but it mtdoao difference, he stuck to me, he did, and thought me' a good man in spite of all. He believed in me and helped me to believe in myself, and we two rough chaps were close as a pair of lovers, dear old Wash and me.' ' Here Larry displayed visible emotion. Roland never stirred, and Tackerline was the only one of the three calm, cool, and col lected, aB he read on : ' About six or seven years after Stella's death an advertisement went the round of the newspapers. Somebody wanted news of one Cecil Kovodel, whether living or dead. Well, my boy, as Cecil Kovodel was buried as soon as his escape was good, I answered the advertisement, stating I knew him well, and that the man was dead and buried. Jeremiah Goldwin was too wide awake, too old a bird, to be caught in that way ; and now you know all. I shall lay that ghost — Basil's sister's ghost. She goes as I write. Her grip loosens, the fire in her eyes is dying out, she can do me no mozo harm. She is going — going — she is gone ! Go, tell Basil he is avenged. Lucky Jerry's day is gone. Good-bye, son j good bye to all I held dear — wife, wealth, and child j yes, and Wash and Tim. You own my surname in your second. I would have it so, that you might not have a wholly false name. Whatever it is, I pray you to keep it honored. May God send a blessing on it for you — for your heirs ! May He forgive me, and show you how to forgive. In tMs confession I hope I wash my hands of that man's blood ! Amen.' (to be continued.) 