LENTEN PASTORAL. WILLIAM, IlU the grace of God, and of ohe Iotl dpostolic See; .lBishop of Goulburn. TO THE CATOtOLIO CLEROY 0ND LOIT OF TE DIO0E0S OF OOtt?IWN. "I womno that you are so soon removed from Him that olled you into the graceo of Christ, unto another gospel. Whicb is not another, only there are someo that trouble you, and would pervert tle gospol of Chirint. Bot though mwe or n angel from hoaven preceh a goopel to tou beiden that whib you hnluave received. lot him bo nuathatns:" (St. Paul Galat., 1 c. , , 7, v.) Dearly beloved brothron and children in Christ, Only twenty-three years had passe sinco Cherist our Lord had ascended into hoavnn, when St. Paul found it nececssary to remind tht Galatians of the one gospel which he had preached to them. The nsame necessity hns continued ever since, for our Divine Lord has said: "And false prophets shall sioe, and shall aedaoo many-hut he that shall paorevoro to thto end, he shall be saved." (ontt. 21 5., lt-10.) Of all Christian truths themro is not one more clearly announced than that of the ancnoaity for saltation, of holding and keeping the one gospel of Christ. Our Lord snys: "I am the vine, you the brancheas; ho that abideth iu Ho and I in him, the same hoatreth mnuch fruit; for without to you can do nothing. If anyone abide not in Mo, he shall be cast forth nas a branch, and shall wither, and they shall gather him up nod cast him into the fire, and he burnoth." John 15 e., 5.6 v.) Our Lord says: " HIe that elteroth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climboth uo nother way, the sameit a thief and a robber. I speak to you and you believe not; the works I do in the namo of My Father, they give testimony to tote. But you do not lelieva beoausa you aronot of My eheap. My elloeep hear My voice, and I know thout, and they follow Ie." (John 10 e., 1-25-26-27 v) When after His resurrcotion our Lord said to the eloven: " Going, therefore, teach all nations-teach ing them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you nil days, even to the oonsummation uf the world." (Iatt. 28 , 19-20 v.) HRe gave them H;s autho rity to pubohlish to the world Hist gosptl, what to htlive ancd what to do. Whbn the apostles went forth into different countries, they carried out the commands given, and the teachingof any one apostle couold not bhe different from that of any other apostle, for it was the teaching of Christ who sent the Holy Ghost on them, to be with them for ever even to the consummation of ages. As the gospel of Christ spread, and os the apostleshad placed now rulers to govern the different new churches, the teaohing in each, being received from the apostlee, must have booen the one and the same, each forming living branches of the one vine, and all joined together, and abiding in Christ, and forming the one church of Christ. This same course to continue to the end. If thin were not the case, if the teaching of one wtre different from that of another, the branoch would be one having another gospel, whilst there is but one gospel-it would be a braooh separated from the one church, which shtll wither and be easet into the fire. The same teaching is found in other parts of the inspired writings. St. Peter says: , But there were also fa?.o prophets among the people, even as there shall bhe among you lying teaoher-, who shall briug in sects of purdition, end deny the Lord who bought tbhem; and many shall follow their riotousness, through whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken oi." What then shall we say of all those different enots, having different and contradictory teaching, and enparuted from the one vine whose branuhecs oxtend through thbs whole world ? Were we to say from ourselves that they nere not on the way to eternal salvation, the expression would be hard; but what has the inspired writings said of it ? that is, what does God say of it ? for He is the Supreme DOspenser of all things, and may renquire for man's snlvution tny conditions he may think fit. If He requires a belief iu all His toeaching, as pro pounded by those whom He sent to teaoh, who nan complain? And are not the words of scripture clear ? There is one gospel only there is one vine, which represents the one church, the branches of which are united to this one vine, and if separated wither, and are oeast into the fire-there is one fold, in which the sheep hear the voice of Christ, and what is that voioo but that of those whom He sent to teach His commands ? But as theretois one faith there is one baptism, which maktes us Christians and children of God. All those then who are bhptisaod belong to the one tburoh Bsnd mortal sin only 0an condemn them. If we were then to suppose that children baptisted into the one chnroh passed through lifo without committing sin we should say that they in invincible ignorance of the truth and falling into no sin wore in the way of salvation. But there are difficoulties. To be in invieciblh ignorance there must be no fault in that ignoranoe. If men do not sinoerely desire to know the troth, if men are coareless abount eeking for the truth, and perhaps so disposed that if they learned that they were wrong would still continue in the wrong, and would not be prepared to sanorifice friends and pride and worldly interest, their ignorance would not be without its guilt. These would b aso those spoken of in Job 21 c., 11 v., "They spend their days in weal h and in a moment they go down to hell: who have said to God, depart from us, we desire not the knowledge of Thy ways." If then men do not eee the truth from indifference or from worldly motives their ignorance of the truth is not without its fault; and what is it for a man to gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul ? However, we are not to judge any one. God alone is the Judge who will bring to light the hidden things of darknoess. It is for us to sea that the op portunities given us are not neglected. We have the Saoraments of Penanoe and the B. Euchurist. We have other helps to enable us to proeesd in the way that leads to oternal life. Following the ad. viou of the Apostle St. Peter, " Wherefore, brethren, labour the more, that by good worse you nmay make sure your vocation and election, for deing these things you shall not sin at any time." (ii Poter, 1 c., 10 v.) And " You therefore, breth ren, knowing these things before, beware loat, beinog led awavy by the error of the unowise, you fall from your own steadfastness. But inuroase in grace and iu the oknowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To Him be glory both now and notil the day of eternity. Amen." (ii Peter, 3 o., 17r18 v.) t Wor. Laoeato, Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's Hones, Goulburo, tebrunry 9, 16tl3. 