A MURDER REVFhAtED BY A I GHOST. f OR some time after the Jacobite rising ,U of 1745 had been suppressed by the crushing defeat of the Highland Clans at Culloden, the whole of the North of Scotland was in a disturbed state, and it was neces sary to keep a large force of troops there in order to !tamp out the last sparks of rebellion. Among the regiments to which this stern duty was entrusted was one com manded and, to -a large extent, raised by Lieutenant- teneral Guise, which was generally known as Guise's Regiment. It was quartered in the wild and remote High land -districb of Braemar, at the South Western corner of Aberdeenshire. The sympathies of the Highlanders of that portion of the country were warmly Jacobite, and the sight of the English soldiers was hateful to the great bulk of the population, who cherished fierce feelings of vengeance against the "butchers of Culloden." Time, however, to some degree, modified these hostile sentiments, and the Highlanders became used to the presence of these red coats, when they found them, after all, not to be such monsters of cruelty as they had at one time imagined, and out of whom, if civilly treated, they discovered there was money to be made. Now in Guise's Regi ment there was a certain Sergeant Arthur Davies, who was very popular among his comrades. He was superior in birth and education to the ordinary run of non-com missioned officers, and was, besides, remark able for his great stature, his immense physical strength, and his handsome personal appearance. He had been very active in obtaining recruits for the regiment,, and in consequence received a higher amount of pay and enjoyed a better position than -others nominally of the same rank. A frank, manly, fearless English soldier, he.had. ingratiated himself even among the dour and sullen Highlanders, and was regarded by them with less animosity, probably, than any other soldier in the regiment. The sergeant was an enthusiastic sportsman, and so little did he fear any treachery on the part of the mountaineers that he frequently set out on shooting excursions over the wild moors alone or attended by a single gilly. On the morning of the 28th of September, 1749, Sergeant Davies started off alone with his fowling-piece to shoot over a moor not very far distant from Braemar. When night fell he did not return to his quarters, aud the whole of the next day passed with. out any tidings being heard of him. On the third day after his mysterious disappearance, a search party was sent out to scour the district for the missing sergeant, but they were unable to find the slightest trace of him... Aweek passed, amonth, and still no sign of the lost sergeant of Guise's. By. this time there was no doubt in the minds of any of his comrades that Davies had met with foul play, and the General himself; swore that he would leave no stone unturned to discover the murderers of the best non. commissioned officer he had in his regiment. But neither threats nor rewards brought any clue to the sergeant's disappearance, and his fate remained wrapped in mystery, though there could be little doubt that more than one person must have been concerned' in the murder, for it was not likely that any single Highlander would venture to attack so powerful and resolute a man as the ser geant, whose athletic prowess was well known over the district. Five years passed, the mysterious disap pearance of Sergeant Davies had never been accounted for, and even his comrades had ceased to speculate upon it. .Nor would the problem probably haveever been solved but for one man who had sworn never to cease his inquiries and in~edtigations until the murderers of Sergeant Davies were brought to justice. This man was Jssee Small, formerly an ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment, and now factor or steward of the estate of Strowan, which had been forfeited to the Crown through the attainder of its laird as a rebel. Mr. James Small had known Sergeant Davies well; they had fought at Culloden together, and. bad subsequently met often whilst Guise's Regiment was quartered in Braemar. The new factor of Strowan was adetermined and` a somewhat consequential man. HRe thought it was a slur upon the Government which lie served that it should be unable to discover and bring to justice the murderers of an officer of Her Majesty's army, and he daciea it incumbent upon himself to remove that slur. With patient, dogged horn notecase, he ea ..m~e·; W oho [wef or. discovering the perpetrators of the crime, and at last he succeeded. Bit by bit he joined together stray pieces of evidence until he had a case suffciently strong enough to justify him in procuring the arrest of two Highlanders, Duncan Terig alias Clerk, and Alexander Bain Macdonald. The fowling piece belonging to the murdered man had been found in the house of one of them, and trinkets and valuables known to have been the property of Sergeant Davies had been seen in the possession of both men. But there was a still stronger and more damning proof of the guilt of these two persons, which among those who were superstitious, as most Highlanders were in those days, carried overwhelming weight, and it was the strange story attached to this which invested the case with extraordinary interest when it came on for trial before the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh. The prisoners, Duncan Terig and Alex under Bain lMacdonald, were arraigned before the Lords of Session at seven o'clock on the morning of Jupe 11, 1754. Then s there was made public the strange story of a the manner in which the crine and its per i petrators had been discveied. Alexander Macpherson, of Inverey, a e farm-servant, aged 26, deposed that o one night in the summer of 1750, whilst in lbed il a shoaling (the long turf-thatched Sout- house in which Highland farm-servants slept, in beds arranged along the wall), b several others being at the same in the said k shealing, there entered a man dressed in y blue, whom he took to be the brother of a Snebiglbur, Donald Farquharlon, of Glendee, who came to his bedside and beckoned to of him to come out. Macpherson rose and s, followed tble figure outside the door, where I, upon the person turned and said, "Irem g iSerean Dafviesf" i then, pointing to a moss \- or tract of swampy moorland, known as g Christie's Hill, added, "You will find my y bones there, go and bury them at once, for I can have no peace, nor will I give you any al until my bones are buried; and you may 50 get Donald Farqubarson to help you." Having spoke these words very solemnly and earnestly, thle apparition vanished. Early the niext morning Macpherson went alone to this spot indicated by the wraith, and so exact had been the instructions iven by the mysterious visitant, that before he had searched five minutes he came . upon a human body embedded in the moss. h Meoat of the flesh was 'one, but the coat of blue cloth which had been worn by the dead le man was pretty nearly entire. By using his d staffas probeand lever, Macpherson drew d out the body, and laid it on the upper soil; d but did not attempt 'to bury it. ol A few nights later the apparition again It visited Macpherson when lhe was in bed in r the shealing, and reproached him for not a having carried out its instructions for is burial, urging him at the same time to lose n no time in committing the remains to the o earth. Then Macpherson plucked up d eourage to ask, W?Who murdered you 1" to \- which the apparition replied clearly, LI "Duncan ,?lerk and Alexander Macdonald," Lb then ransnsed.as suddenly and abruptly as d before. e On the flloosing day MlacYhejorson wsent I to Iunnold Farquharson, told him the story, at snd peLrsuaded him to come and assist to Is bury the body of the murdered man in dry wE ground. Farquharson, never doubting the : truth of the story, went with Macpherson .d to Christie's Hill, carried the body away, , dug a grave in dry ground, and there Sburied the remains. To all his own she Snthe business, Farsuharson swore poso. Stively, and emphatically expressed his , belief that Macpherson had told him nothing r but the truth. The only other person to . whom Macpherson confided the story was SJohn Grewar, of Dalhownie, who deposed Sthat Macpherson, under strict promie of Ssecrecy, told him, a few days after the apparition had appeared for the second time, how he, in obedience to its commands, had, with the assistance of Donald Farqubarson, buried the body. But there was still stronger corroboration oqMacpherson's strange story in theevi* denpe given by Ieabel Mlachardie, of Inverey, ,, who deposed that on the night ~i;II:t h~o_~~~~o L the apparitioi` for the second timei;7alet aleeping at'thei other`end of- the ahealing, in the portion: set apart for the women, most distinctly saw " Something naked come' in at the door and go straight to Macpher-j son's bed, which frightened her so much that she drew the clothes over her head that when it appeared it came in a bowing posture, but she cannot tell what it was that next morning she asked Macpheraon{ what it was that had troubled them tbhe night before, and that he answered seho might be easy, for it would trouble them mno. more." Now the counsel for the prisoners was one of the most eminent advocates in Scotland, Alexander Lockhart, who was making then, by far the largest professional income everr up to that time known North of the Tweedi -considerably upwardsof a thousand pounds a year, which may be set out as equivalent to about three thousand a-year in the present day. Lockhart was a notoriousi Jacobite, and had gained for himself mucld celebrity by defending the prisoners captured after the rising of '45. As in duty bound, he threw ridicule upon this story of the ghost, and he made his great point when in cross-examination of Macpherson, whol could speak nothing but Gaelic, and whose' evidence had to be interpreted to the Court,1 he said to the witness, "Whatlanguage didI the ghost speak in 1" To which Macpherson promptly replied, "'As good Gaelic as ever I heardi Lochaber." "Pretty good for the ghost of an~' English sergeant," said Lockhart, and there. was general laughter in Court. Ther was other evidence connecting the: prisoner with the crime, the possession onl the murdered man's fowling-piece and trinkets, and some suspicious circumstances which would have told heavily against then accused had not Lockhart laughed the case out of Court by the ridicule he threw upon the story of the English ghost that spoke "as good Gaelic as ever was heard in Loch- " aber." He declared thatthewhole case was. trumped up by Mr. James Small, who had, carefully instructed the witnesses for the prosecution what to say, and had? endeavpured to intimidate witnesses for tbhe defence from giving evidence. In the end1i after sitting continuously from seven o'clock. on the morning of June 11, to six o'clock inl the o " , " " ed a verdict of "Not Guilty." The next day, as Mr. Lockhart was pro? ceeding acrois the Parliament Close to the, Courts, he was assaulted by Mr. James] Small, who endeavoured to provoke him to: a duel. But Lockhart, who was a bully.' and a coward, appealed for protection to the Lords of Session, who had Small arrested and brought before them, but dischargedi him after he had made an ample apology; and entered intosureties of £50 to keep the" peace for a twelve-month. ` "But though the ghost story was aso successfully laughed out of Court, its trnth" was not really disproved. And a carefulb examination of all the evidence adduced at1 the trial leads us to wonder that the jury? should have allowed themselves to overlook the very remarkable character of Macpher: son's evidence. Sir Walter .Scott, in com menting on the case, suggested that asi giving information was-unpopular in the Highlands, and especially when the accuse. were Jacobites, Macpherson trumped up the ghost-story, knowing well that his super stitious countrymen would pardon his com municating the commission entrusted to him by a being from the other world. But tbl? facts, as set forth in the report of the trial,; .do not support that theory. In the firsbj place, Macpherson's story was corroborated jby Isabel Machardie, who distinctly swore thatshe saw an apparition in the shealing, exactly similar to that described by Mac-l pherson as having appeared to him at the, very same time and place. It was nobt shown that there was any collusion between' the man and the woman ; nor were their' statements in any way shaken by cross-; examination. Then Donald Farquhareon's1 :evidence as to his assisting Macpherson to ,bury the body was not dispute , and the question arises how could Macpherson have known where the body was, or by whom' the dpad man lead been murdered, unless he, had himself been one of the murderers or had seen the deed done? Yet neither of these hypotheses was suggested, nor was aniy; attempt made to show how- Macpherson could have known who the murderer was,t and where the body was concealed, other.. wise than by the supernatural mode he described. Then again, Macpherson andi Farquharson had clearly no malice againsbt Terig and Mlacdonald, for three years' elapsed withoit their saying a word to any4 one about the discovery of the body, and 'they would'pr?bably never have divulged, the secret but fof the active interference oft Mr. James Small. Lastly, there was Lock.': hart's sneer aliont the ghost of an Englishi sergeant speaking good Gaelic. But grant;. ing the apparition, what was there absurdi about its A Scakin?" GaelleJ_ fio.? TUh.an -wIi lnguages are af(i1e famnilmar to its ihbabi tants, and, indeed, it would be preposterous to suppose that ghosts are confined to the; \- tongue which they spoke when in the flesh.' The thing that was extraordinary was the' apparition, not the language in which it' spoke. Lockhart would probably, what., ever his own scepticism may have been, have hardly dared to deny, in that super-' stitious age and country, the possibility of! one from the unseen world "revisiting thel glimpses of thi moon," and but for his smart) and plausible ridicule -of the Gaelic in the! mouth of an English sergeant he might have) 'found it difficult to persuade even an Edin burgh jury that Macpherson was not telling the truth when he swore to his interview ·with the ghost of Sergeant Davies. Thati the man thoroughly believed that he hsd6 seen and talked with the spiri6 or wraith ot the dead soldier we do not for a momen* doubt. Whether he actually did oee an hear what he thought he saw and heard. or whether there are such things as ghoest~ these are questions which we leave to thel Psychological Society to answer. We would point out, however, one odd circumstance? that Wihereas in the former case of super. natural vcridence which we gave the prisoner r'olin Walker, of Chester-le-Street, wa hanged on the evidence of a ghost, whic revealed the crime to a neighbour, in the "resent cas? the two prisoners were acquitted ainly because of the alleged ghostly rove ltion. The reaQt of the evidence againt them was, discredited, because of the ridr cule thrown upon the witnesses, who swor5 that their information came through a ghost. Yeb years afterwards, when both Duncan Terig and Alexander Macdonald had gonet to join Sergeant Davies, their solicitort Sadmitted that both he and Lockhart were. firmly convinced of their guilt, and saw thali their only chance of obtaining an acquittal I was by throwing.ridicule-as strong as it, could be made-upon the story of the Ser-. I geant's ghost.-Licensced Vicuallecrs' Gazetic. 