i rar Jin gui Funny Evidence. Plaintiff in thfe Box for 4 Hours. [Continued.^ Mr. Symon : Having teen refused this lucra live appointment on the 'Record' at ios a week, y--u made use of your position in the local Osiacil lo get ihe defendant's advertising *-*i»iij^o icuuccu, uiq you hoi r ^ itness : No Mr. Symon : On January ij you took the opportunity of getting some other member to move that the charges for advertising in the 4 Record' be reduced ? Witness : No, sir Mr. Symon : Did you not get Councillor Linkson to move it ? Witness : 1 don't know whether I did or not ; I don't think so , Mr. Symon : Did you not induce Councillor Linkson on January 4 lo move in respect to advertising in the * Record* Witness : I don't know Mr. Symon : Will you sweat you did not ? Witness : No, 1 won't swear Mr. Symon : Did not Councillor Linkson say he would not have anything more to do with your contemptible work ? Witness : I don't think so Mr. Symon : You seconded a motion on the matter ? Witness: Yes Mr. Symon : And you, with other coun cillors waited on the defendant ? Mr. Symon : The resolution was only about advertising, wasn't it ? Witness : Yes. Mr. Symon : Didn't you also try to bring in jobbing, and try to cut down his charges for jobbing ? Witness : I was deputed by the Council to go to Mr. Davey to get reductions made in charges. Mr. Symon : In advertising. Witness : No all round Mr. Syroon ? You recollect quite well that it was only for advertising. This was the minute : — * That the Finance Committee wait on the proprietor of the ' Burra Record' re charges on advertisements.' It was not all round ; you were mistaken were you not ? Wi:ness : I meant the charges all round Mr. Symon : You are mistaken are you ? Witness : Well, of course the minute says advertising. Mr. Symon : Did you mention jobbing ? Witness : I don't think so. Mr. Symon : Will you swear that there was to be a reduction in jobbing as well ? witness : 1 won 1 swear Mr. Symen : Did you hear a councillor say that you had no authority to deal with job bing? Witness : I don't recollect it Mr. Symon : Will you swear ? Witness : No ; I don't believe it was said. Mr. Hill 10 Mr.' Symon : You don't mean him to say the opposite, do you ? Mr. Symon : No ; I expect you to keep quiet. (Laughter) Mr. Symon : You won't swear he did not say it? Witness : No Mr. Symon : You wrote these letters (band ing witness two letters) Witness : Yes The letters mentioned were : — Buna, February 25 1892 To W. J. Davey * Record' office Burra Sir — In your report of the late Presenta tation to Ex-Councillors Sampson and O'Leary (' Record' Feby 24 — 92) you Cast dirty, Slanderous, and libellous reflections by innuendos upon myself by reporting Mr. T. T. Shortridge to have said First — That ' the Way the people were being repre sented in some quarters was a Mistake' Secondly — The defeat of Mr. Sampson at the late Elections Cannot be accounted for: there was Something behind the Curtains that the ratepayers Couid not s?e but now it is being unveiled etc' Which Mr. T. T. Shortridge point blank asserts to me he never said — I hereby inform you that unless you admit having wrongfully inserted into his remarks, you will hear more about the matter. I shall not ailow such a Mischiev ously Defamatory Libel to go unheeded. You must understand that the ' law of libel1 does not allow of any person to publish (evsn in a report of a public Meeting) such innuendos which may huld another person up to hatred etc — Especially when the speaker at Such Meeting did not make use of such remarks, which makes the matter all the worse for the publisher — I am not acl ing-without a footing, so perhaps you will see you way to withdraw. Yours etc W. H. Hardy Councillor East Ward Burra {The following letter reached the defendant a day 01 two after the above, being written in red and black ink] The Fox's Tail Again To The Editor//! f ''Record' In your jast issue you appear to have got out of your depth, you report Mr. T. T. Shortridge to have said : — 'The way people were now being represented in some quarters was a mistake.' SUCH IS FALSE T. T. S. NEVER SAID SUCH A THING-NOR YET DID HE SAY— 4 There was Something be hind the Curtain that the ratepayers Could not see, but sow it is being unveiled.' Which proves the ' Record' reporter 1 ! is a-fire with Ani mus, spite and HATERED— 'Truth of things in general objects to sucn Journalism ill!! I — You should not use other people's names for mean purposes — I have more Faith in T.T.S. and I would make you suffer if I were him — Your & ? Truth. The following was the report objected to by witness : — Mr. T. T. Shortridge said if the ratepayers returned gentlemen like Messrs. Sampson and O'Leary the town would continue to pros per — (Hear, hear). The way the people were now being represented in some quarters was a mistake. If tbe progress ot the town was to continue the ratepayers must return men who were respected and men of principle — (Hear, bear). Tbe men who had a stake in the town should be the persons to represent respectable people, and unless this were done he feared the town would not prosper. The defeat of Mr. Sampson at the late elections cannot be ac counted for ; there was something behind the curtains that the ratepayers could not see, but now it is being unveiled. Asa councillor Mr. Sampson had no equal, and as a townsman he was highly respected— (Hear, hear). He had known him for a number of years and always found Mm to be possessed of good principle, [ courteous and obliging. No one could contra dict the statements made in reference to the success ami pr.'iiress of the town being largely due In him. lie was always ai his post and there he would i!o his duty without fear or favour, am) in tlie most conscientious manner — (Hear, lieaj). He hoped that he would again conies* a seat in the Council and if the elections came 011 again at once he would be returned uiih an overwhelming majority — (Hear, hear). Mr. Sjmon : Is this true, * You cast dirty, slanderous, end libellous reflections by innuen dos upon myself by reporting Mr. T. T. Short' ndge to have written the above ? Witness : That is true. Mr. Symon : What about this letter appear ing in the ' Record' on March 9, 1892 :— To the Public of Burra. Ladies and Gentlemen — Having heard from reliable aulhority that W. H. Hardy Councillor for East Ward, has taken personal afltonl to my speech delivered at Ibe Corporation Chamber on Wednesday, February 17, and reported in the ? Burra Record' on Wednesday, February 24, 1892, and has further stated that I have verbally apologised to him for the same, I hereby wish to publicly state that I have NEVER, either Verbally or by Writing apologised to the said W. H. Hardy, nor do I ever intend to, and I publicly give the lie direct to him. II the re marks published in the ' Burra Record' have caused him personal uneasiness then let him wear the cap if it fits him Thomas Thorman Shortridge. Kooringa, March 8, 1892. Mr. Symon : According to Mr. Shortridge this offensive letter of yours was nut justified. Witness : Y«. according to Mr. Shortridee. Mr. Symon : Who was the fox mentioned in your letter ? Who was tbe gentleman you meant to compliment ? Witness : I was referring to the action of the paper Mr. Symon : But was deft ndant the fox ? Witness : If he likes to take it upon himself it is alright Mr. Symon : Alright, of course. (Laughter.) We are not going to take an action against you for it. We will leave you to live in your glory. (Laughter) Mr. Hardy was answerable for the following paragraph on the matter which appeared in the 'Jamestown Review' of March 16, 1892, and was produced in court : — ' Two of our residents have a game of ' yon are another' on through tbe press. Auditor Shortridge seems lo have said something about Councillor Hardy, who says that Shortridge afterwards apologised to him, saying he was sorry, etc. But afterwards again Shortridge publishes a disclaimer in the local paper, and Councillor Hardy does likewise in the ' Adver tiser.' Now the residents have to decide as to who is the liar. Hardy advertises that ' he he neves ms veracity win noia us own wun mat of Shortridge.' I think so too' Mr. Symon remarked that such comment from the person interested was ludicrous. With regard to tbe Stacey Comedy Com pany, the plaintiff wrote the following criticism it tbe defendant's report of the company in tbe 1 Jamestown Review' of April 20, 1892 :-' The ilacey Comedy Company played the well oiown production ' Hans the Boatman' here )D Monday evening to a small house. Bythe tray, during their visit quite a sensational re utation of fair criticism was indulged in by Mr. Stacey and his leading Lady {?). It seems hat when here previously ' The Widow* was itaged and * yours truly' had tbe cheek (mind rou) to adversely criticise it by pronouncing it : a vulgar leg show, &c.;' This appears to have rot the hair of this Leading Lady (?) ' riz,' as t were, and her tongue knew no bounds during in interview with myself on tbe occasion, an :vent which our local * Record' became so oyous about as to cause his ' funny' com -osition to run clean away with his brains, as n a paragraph under the heading 'An exciting ime' he publishes some of tbe most inconstant alse and brainless stuff imaginable, besides -oing to the trouble of publishing in extenso, nterlarded with (hear hear, and cheers) a garbled statement made by Stacey on the stage, he whole of which I challenge either the Editor of tbe ' Record' or Mr. Stacey himself o prove. I take it that Mr. Stacey and his eading Lady (?) showed the white feather by aking the criticism so much to heart, especially vhen they are travelling the country as pro essionals. Had their work been for other mrposes than their own, things would have leen different but pros all the world over are -ros, and are public property in so far as criii ism concerning the productions they charge br are concerned. Owing to further comments by the defendant roncerning tbe matter the plaintiff forwarded his letter to him : — tier's Repudiated To The Editor of the Burra ' Record' Sir As you have taken so much interest in the remarks made by Mr. Stacey of the Comedy Company, as to publish in extenso the Same in your Columns, no doubt you will publish a few lines from me as the Burra Correspondent to the Jamestown 'Review' for the purpose ol' proving to those of your readers who may have taken any notice of such remarks, that tbe bulk of what Mr. Stacey said was false and un worthv of any man. I admit having written to the Jamestown ' Review* concerning the play put on the stage at the previous visit of the Company entitled 'The Widow1 And I admit having termed it ? a Vulgar Leg Show' and still Notwithstanding All that has been said, I challenge any decent person to say otherwise But when Mr. Lake's name is mentioned as to having kept my remarks out of the ' Review' ? Out of respect to me etc1 All Mr. Stacey said in reference there to was a miserable subter fuge and a'series of consummate lies, as there was noting to be aflfraid of The Criticism was that the play ' was vulgar' and Again I say it was vulgar, the twaddle of Mr. Stacey notwithstanding. Now to go a little further I noticed a reference made to the same matter in your local news column under the head line of ' An exciting time' I again say that the bulk of what is written is only worthy of an un principled person of the lowest standard, and fit only For the Columns of such a sheet as the late ' Dead Bird' or the present * Bird of Freedom' as it is a Conglomer ation of tbe basest lies and oi very little credit to the writer (whom I know) The same writer, I can prove, taking every chance of pandering to such meanness from personal motives. I challenge him to prove his paragraph true and I will give One Pound to tbe Burra Hospi.'al Funds if he can do so. Claiming t' be far mote truth ful than either the persons refered to above. I am sir etc W H Hardy Burra Correspondent to the Jamestown 'Review' April 13 — 92 Mr. Symon : Judging from your remarks you don't seem to have a good word for any Burra people, do you ? Witness : Oh, yes. Mr. Symon : What, you have an honest word for someone in tbe Burra? Witness : Yes, I have Mr. Symon : Mention one, sir Witness : Oh, I don't want to. (Laughter.) Tbe following letter was then produced :— To the Editor Burra ' Record' Sir — Again I have tbe distasteful duty of calling your attention to FALSE and SLANDEROUS statements published in your columns which I challenge you to prove otherwise. Be a man and accept the challenge. As on previous evasions I want none of your ANSWERS TO CORRES PONDENTS I simply wish to see you give your readers the truth, and hence my challenge to you to substantiate what you write. I have been persuaded to take no notice of you by several business men in ibe townj but a deliberate FALSE statement published for personal ends, I CLAIM TO BE TOO HONEST lo allow pass without a word. As to the matter published by you concerning what you call 'a joke' I take no further notice of, being proof against larrikinistn and all its champions, and knowing the cowardly attacks by EVEN YOU sir, of the very ordinary U B BLODE character, cannot but drag the of fender in the dirt, at the end. I only care to deal with your DELIBERATE FALSE HOODS and MISREPRESENTA TIONS and such must be ever uppermost in my efforts for right, ami! my challenge for proof is accepted by you. You publish in your issue for this date : — ? The Burra scribe to the Catholic paper sarcastically remarks that Mr. Holder is the leader writer to this Touroal.' Meaning the ' Re Cord' I say such is a wilful lie and when proved otherwise I shall have a much better opinion ot you than I have at present. So much for your paragraph * Mares Nest No 1' To go on, Yon attempt to poke fun at other papers re ACCIDENTAL errors when A glance at your own columns will disgnst the inost Careless readers of NEWS paper Writings, lake my advice and don't act in such a foolish and cowardly manner from behind ynur editorial shelter any longer but CORRECT YOUR OWN PAPER before you attempt to pose as a champion of accuracy. Hoping you will find space for this in your next issue, and be MAN ENOUGH to publish it to con vince your readers of yoor MALICE. I may inform you thut I hold a copy of this for iurther use, in fact, I have your pub IMied invective of like order from the time you first meddled with this U B BLODE business — Again, hoping you will not shirk your duty as An HONOURABLE Journalist by abstaining from publishing this, Or, accepting my Challenge lo prove your statements TKUE I am, etc Your (So Called) * Mares nest' Editor ' Record' Sir — Your attention to the above will oblige W. H. Hardy Burra Mr. Symon : Another ' Mare's Nest' and U B BLODE, and you wanted that letter pub lished in the public columns of the ' Record' ? Witness ; Yes. Mr. Symon : This is good — * I only care to deal with your deliberate falsehoods and mis representaiions.' Is that ? venomous' ? Which would you prefer yourself to be a ' snake' or a ' serpent' ? (Laughter) Witness : I have no choice. Mr. Symon : You stale that ibe comment of the defendant, relative to Mr. Holder writing leaders, was a lie, yet you did say that Mr. Holder was the occasional leader writer. Don't you think it a little strong to call the way in which the defendant put it 'a wilful lie'? Witness : I said it because I meant it. Mr. Symon : Do yi.u think any respectable newspaper would publish such a letter as that? Witness : They arc often published. Mr. Symon : Show me one in which lan guage anj-ihing approaching that is used ? Why you lake the cake for bad language. No answer. A further letter was here handed in which was as follows : — Burra, April 20, 1892. The Editor (?) Burra Record Burra Sir — I fee! pleased to notice in your paper that you give me credit for ' having inter ested mystiC in reference to the late School Board of Advice Nominations, as it is v ell to be able sometimes to do A LI TTLE for the public good. But while I am thus pleased I do not notice that you have accepted my challenge to try if you can to disprove my inference, a few days since, that the writer of the paragraph in your issue for last week * An Exciiing time' is a CONSUMMATELIER Again I REPETE the challenge for you lo disprove the paragraph referred to is other than a deliberate lie and the writer a delib erate LIER — you were not man enough as a public press man to publish my letter show ing a cowardice I cannot forgive. W. H. Hardy, the one you refer lo. Mr. Symon : Did not you write that some body was a ' consummate liar' intending the letter for publication in the ? Burra Record' ? Witness : No, I did not intend it to be pub lished. Mr. Symon ; You addressed it to the editor, but you did not intend it for publication ? Witness: No. Mr. Symon : Was the paragraph you men tion in that letter the one in which it was said a lady threatened to horsewhip you ? Laughter Witness : Yes, he made a mistake when he said it was a 'lady.' Mr. Symon : That was a lie ? Witness : The language that was published in that paper was not the language used by the female. Mr. Symon : ' Female* ; now you must not be rude, bui she did threaten to horsewhip you then? (Laughter. Why the man who has passed through burning in effigy and being horsswhipped by a lady has had a wide experi ence. (Laughter.) Did she smack you? Laughter Witness : No. Mr. Symon : Umberalla you ? Witness : No. (Laughter). Mr. Symon : Did she have anything in her hand ? (Laughter.) Witness : I don't know. Mr. Symon : It would not do to pry into the matter. (Laughter). Witness : But I am not ashamed of it. Mr. Symon : She came to your office then ? Witness : Yes. Mr. Symon : You did not want it published I suppose ? (Laughter). Witness: No. Mr. Symon : Where is your o&ce; ; is it the same office as your solicitor's ? Witness : Under tbe same roof. Mr. Symon : Oh, under the same roof ; same vine and fig tree, like. (Laughter). The lady talked pretty freely to you, I supoose ? Witness : No, not loudly. Mr. Symon : Gave you a bit of her mind ? Witness (smiling) : Yes. Mr. Symon : She talked freely and made you curl up ? (Laughter). Witness : No. Mr. Sjrnon : You are sometimes called the ' ink slinger* of Burra ? Witness : By the ' Burra Record.' Mr. Symon : You are known as the ' ink slinger' of Burra, though ? Witness : I say by that publication and by some of the public after that appeared in the ' Record.' Mr. Symon : The author of this excellent phrase seems to have been the Captain of the effigy business ? Witness : Perhaps he may have been. Mr. Symon : Were you present on that pleasant occasion? Witness : Part of the time. Mr. Symon : You were under th? gallows ? (Laughter). Witness : There was a clothes line hanging up. if that is what you mean. Mr. Symon : There was a line hanging up with a loop in it for you. (Laughter). Do yuu admit you deserved it ? Witness: No. Mr. Symon : Did you hear the captain's speech ? Witness : Part of it. Mr. Symon : When the proceedings were over did the captain ifannk the crowd for their orderly conduct on such a solemn occasion. Witness: Yes Mr. Symon : Did he tell them tfaat they had seen the last ol the notorious ' ink sliiger' (Laughter) Witness : Yes Mr. Symon ? And you were ihe hero of tht occasion ? Witness : One of them Mr. Symon-: Did not this effigy business occur after you had published in the * Register' a letter denouncing the Broken Hill strike people ? Witness: Yes. The letter mentioned which appeared in the 1 Register' of July 9, 1892, was :— LARRIKINISM AT BROKEN HILL. Sir — Notniib.standing the fact that the Directors of the Broken Hill Mines have dene wrong by breaking the contract they have without a conference with tbe mine employes it is a strange thing to note that the New South Wales authorities will allow the present larrikinism taking place to go unchecked. Is Mr. R. Sleath, the firebrand of the mob on the Barrier, Czar of that part of tbe country, that he can with impunity dictate to property owners in the manner he is doing ? We have it on the best of authority that all ihe practical miners who know their work would agree to wjrk by contract, and that the whole of the present bother is caused by the mob, or a lot of cx-counterjumpers and others who have got a job underground and at the meetings of their own Unions out vote tbe men who know their business. Yes, Sir, the out-come of tbe present strike is proved to be the act of the larrikin push championed by Mr. Sleath. I hope the men with sense will sever their con nection with such a gang, and go to work as they wish, instead of being dictated to by a gasbag of the Sleath type, who cares for nothing so long as he gets his large salary out of tbe miner1:' earnings. His actions through out have been in opposition to the best interests of the miners, and also the business people of Broken Hill, and it is time he was made to ' get' I am, Sir, &c;, Burra. W. H. HARDY. Mr. Symon : After you were burnt in effigy you changed your mind ? Witness : No, I never change my mind. Mr. Symon : You altered your style of writ ing about it in the public newspaper ? Witness : That is it. Mr. Symon : Yon didn't change you mind about the Broken Hill people ? No answer. Mr. Symon : Did you take the fide of the mineowners ? Witness : Not necessarily. Mr. Symon: You opposed the strike leaders? Witness : Yes. Mr. Symon : Did you not change your mind about that ? Witness : No. Mr. Symon : Well, why did you write the following letter to the * Barrier Miner' on Sep tember 5, 1892, which shows tbe extraordinary way in which you change that mind ol yours : BAMBOOZLING THE WORKER. Sir — Kindly allow me another few inches of space in your valuable columns — this time simply to again ask ths workers of the Barrier to take courage, and before very long they will have solved the jiieat problem and proved to the moneybags that might is not right. During the past lew weeks they, as workers and wealth producers, have had many detractors ; but unless I am a long way out of my reckoning, tbe detractors' helliA system of dealing with iheir fellow-men will rebound upon them with double the force of their present special efforts in favur of oppression. I received to-day a letter from a resident of Broken Hill, enclosed in which was a letter signed * Small Share holder,' and cut from a contemporary, and the writer, if actually a 'Small Shareholder,' I must say, is evidently either a tool of a big shareholder or a fool. The correspondent in question writes ; — ' The action of the workers in anticipating the termination of the agree ment between masters and men by a strike evidently shows them as but too ready to take up a hostile attitude, and can only be met by firm decision on tbe part as owners to main tain their rights.' This assertion is simply childish, because Che notice from tbe mine owners which was the cause of tbe strike was practically a termination of the agreement as any commonsense person must know. This so- called 'Small Shareholder' further stales : ? The mineowners were quite justified in their endeavor to curtail expenses,' &c; I admit they were, bat not in the contemptible and dishonest manner they went to work, by ignoring their own agreement made a little over a year before in reference to settling any such matter by arbitration. 'Small Share holder' again comes out with the assertion that ' the men strike without the least consideration for their employers' interests.' This is all damnable twaddle, from the fact that the case is just vice versa. What consideration have the Mineowners' Association shown for the men's interests? They have simply treated the men as pieces of machinery. And last but not least, this scribe tool of the might-is-right policy advocates the downfall of unionism in Australia by saying : — I think the bes! way out of tbe difficulty would be to obtain a couple of thousand miners from England and Germany; they couid he got out and on the ground intwo months.' This surely proves that tbe writer instead of being a ' small shareholder,' as his signature implies, is one of the hefore men tioned big shareholders and Chinese, kanaka, coolie loving monstrosities we have of late read so much about. The Barrier friend who was so kind as to forward me tbe effusion of * Small Shareholder.' as above referred tc, lets me have some startling facts as to how the shareholders' money is squandered at Broken Hill by Messrs. Howell and other of the mine managers who appear to have untold privileges outside their salaries, which, God knows, are high enough for work done. But suffice. I hope the men, now they have made a start, will stick to their Sags, and refuse to be made the machines the capitalistic crowd is evidently trying to make them. In conclusion, let me ask you, workers — Hand in hand then join together. Brother workers, all unite, And a new creation dawning Fill the earth with purer light. Be a bold united army. As a mighty brotherhood, And your motto in the conflict — Greatest number, greatest good. I am, &c;, W. H. HARDY. Burra, South Australia. Mr. Symon : Did not you write that letter after the burning in effigy ? Witness : Yes. Mr. Symon : Don't you think it is a little op posed to your letter in the * Register ? Witness: What has that to do with the case? Mr. Symon : Don't be in loo much hurry. I want to show what a splendid leader writer you are. Don't you think this letter is opposed in ail its bearing to what you previously wrote! No answer. Mr. Symon : Don't yoa think yon were taking the side ol the mineowners when you state ' Is Mr. Sleath the fire brand of the mob on the Barrier, Czar of that part Of the conn ? iy that he can with impunity dictate to pro per! y owners in t'h.e manner he is doing?1' Witness :' I Ivjft A that the majority of the men were misled1. Mr. Symon : You use pteXi *?'r-p.S language — * Hellish' and ' damnable.' f Ii.it'fi Arong 1 Did you forget yourself. (Laugh' cr.) Witness : No. Witness stated that he wrote the f- llowing in the ? Southern Cross, of fuly 15 :— A DISCLAIMER FROM OUR BURRA Correspondent. Td THE EDifdR. Sir — Under the heading. ? Another Sfare's Nest;1 the Burra ? Record' of Wednesday lasf makes a statement that I, as your correspon dent, ' sarcastically remarks that Mr: Holder is the leader-writer to this journal' (vi^.,- the 'Re cord). Now, sir, if vour readers will \ea& my last they will find that / ' remarks, (as per ' Record) nothing of the sort. Further, the ' Record' itself either goes of its head through the excitement of the remarks, Or tries to get out of my accusation by a deliberate /alrebood by stating that ' I offered my services to it for paltry sum of ios per week.' The offer I made was principally in reference to going through his prools, and, as tbe paper only had one is sue a week, I made the offer to do such work tor him — say half a day each week, previous to publishing day, in my cam office — for the half sovereign per issue, as stated. Consequently, I throw the statements of the * Record' back to it as the falsehoods they are. lam, Sir, etc., Yoor Bctkra Correspondent. Burra, July tj, BURRA NOTES Tbe larrikins have it ! Yes. Mr. Editor, such is my conclusion, as far as concerns the peace able, or should-be peaceable, evenings of our residen's. The- larrikins have it, 1 again re peat. On Monday night a solid five hours were made really hideous hp the antics of a body of the larrikin brigade, so rarely seen in Burra, led on by ? Ah, there's the rub. Not a Burraite. Still, as above stated, we, as peaceful residents, had to 'go down' on account of tbe event in question. It appears a mob of would-be respectables — about 30 — with black faces, turned out to * snuff out' a pair oi individuals who they said fell foul of them, and the exhibition ended in the effigies of these two personages being consumed, accompanied by the tunes (?) of a bowling mob. So far for law and order. The whole appeared eventu ally to turn into a ruse for a collection, as we were itold, in aid of the Broken Hill Strike Fund. Two prominent residents promised £$ each, and before the fun (?) was over several other amounts weie scored, which I only hope will forthwith be sent to the Barrier without any backing out on the part of the ones who so willingly made the promises Tbe larrikins mustered well here on Monday night Mob rule was nearly in vogue here last week. Five-pound notes flew about very freely on Monday night here Several of the Burra youths worked harder on Monday than for some time previously Mr. Symon : The article in the Burra notes is the article dealt with in the ' Record' of July 20? Witness: Yes Mr. Symon : Is there a word in your letter that is truth ? What do you mean by asserting you offered to go through his proofs ? Witness : I don't think it is untrue Mr. Symon : Is it not an entire misrepre sentation of your letter to tbe defendant ? No answer Mr. Symon: Is it a suppression of tbe truth ? Witness: No Mr. Symon : A garbled statement. Witness: No. Mr. Symon : Is it a little it-correct ? Witness : It is not all there. Mr. Symon: Oh, highly incomplete. (Laugh ter.) In the ' Jamestown Review' of June 1, 1892, you write 'our Record' appears to be on tbe grovel, leaving the lower for the higher Horders, oh ! fie !' Is that the way of being at peace with all mankind ? Witness: That was written in retaliation. He started first. (Laughter) Mr. Symon : What ? Do you say that / You have been mud slinging for the last 18 months and you have the effrontery to come into conrt with a libel action. (Cheers). Witness : I say they were barefaced false hoods. Mr. Symon : Just after defendant declined to accept your splendid offer of doing all the lacky work for ios 3 week, you wrote this article in the 'Jamestown Review' about news papers. The following is the article alluded to : ? ABOUT NEWS (?) PAPERS. By-the-way I mentioned to yoa last week that the ' Burra Record' had again found a resting place in other hands as Mr. P. Murrie, jun,, bas sold out and given up the ghost as a newspaper man. The new owner has com menced operations and the old sheet again sports a few sticks of long primer. Mr. Editor I hope you will pardon me, hut I feel that I must let you (not the ' Record' man) know how to properly edit a paper. For instance, let me tell you how to write leaders (its no use wasting time setting long primer), of course any fool can dish op the *we understand' locai para graphs. The art of leader writing (this is not for the * Record' man) consists principally in havinga strong thumb. You will easily tire to writing leaders if you have not a strong thumb, because the strain upon the thumb *by the scissors' is very severe. You sir, {not as I said before the 'Record' man) start your leaders by writing something like this : — ? The speech delivered by Mr. Hogwash in the As sembly last week is a sufficient answer to those who deny the obvious advantage to tbe work ing man that must result from taking 2s 6d from one pocket and putting is 6d into another. The hon. member said (here cut out ? Hansard' a foot slab of Mr. Hogwash's remarks and let it into the article.) These contentions are irre futable. Later on in the debate Mr. Blowhard contended that (here let in another foot slab of Blowhard}. How is it possible that we still have in our midst (very useful phrase ' in our midst') men who are so insane as to support the property or any otherihan a Progressive Wealth Tar. When we see men here (here let in a string of famous names) declaring their convic tions of tbe fallacy of any taxation at all. What is lo be said ? Has South Australia (Bnrra in cluded, of course) all the wisdom in the world? She has sir. and the press (I don't mean the 'Record' mind you) has all the wisdom in South Australia. By this means you will be able to write a two column article in ro minutes and it will be just as mud use as if yon thought it all out for yourself— because nobody will read it anyhow. Mr. Svmon : Did you intend to bring ridicule and contempt upon defendant on the way that he pot his leaders together? Witness: Not at all Mr. Symon : Did not you intend to ridicule his capacity for writing leaders ? Witness : No ; I didn't know be wrote the leaders Mr. Symon : Did not you intend this to be a burlesque of tbe ? Burra Record* when you wrote it ? Witness : Not necessarily Mr. Symon : Did you do it for the purpose of making people laugh at the way the * Re cord' was got up? Witness : I don't see anything to laugh at Mr. Symon : Did you intend to make then weep? Witness : I intended it as an item of news Mr. Symon : That is not news it is ridicule Witness : There was no intention to ridicule anything Mr. Symon : ? Mr Bloward,' 'Mr Hogwash,* you're funny. I don't know these gentlemen. The art of leaJer writing consist principally of having a strong thumb, .because the strain up 'in ihe thumb by tbe scissors is very severe V. 'ii seem to know all about it. Did not you ;n?:m all ibis matter to convey to everybody ?? ho lead it that it was tbe * Record' mas yoa due aiming at? Witacrs i J^ot necessarily. Mr. Symnri s Did you intend it unnecessarily then. (Laughter) Witnrss : Ot course, were might be some people ilii.ik so On March 2r 1892, ibe foUowing (which was produced in court) was inst^t01, m d-e ' Jamestown Review' and written by Ctfness s Fl/RTHER TROUBLE. There appears- to be further trouble in store for some of out public men here, I understand that on account of Certain remarks published in tbe report of a presentation meeting last week/ it is most probable that an action will be started against one or two of the instigators. It appear that fbe local press in reporting one of the speakers, used words which one of our councillors maintains is ft dheet libel upon bis actftfns during the electioneering- contest, and which has fate bim up to hatred and contempt by bis fellowtottrtsmsn, and which the speaKe*, who is credited with fbe remarks, point Manfe contradicts having ased, consequently tbe councillor in question contends that Sudt speaker's name has been made use «f for par* por-es incompatible to straight-sailing', of coarse objects to put up with it. I understand legal advicn has been secured on the matter, and as a result, unless there is a public contradiction, ibe action will eventuate. Mr. Symon : There is not much in anything you write except abuse, and yet you are the gentleman who wants damages for libel after writing such letter* as you do ? In the * James town Review' of Tone 15, 1892, you say that the 'Buna Record's' last leading article was one half free-trade and the other ball protection or half &nd; half. Is that a reflection 00 defendant? Witness ! Usually on the press it would be considered one Mr. Symon : Did yon call the paper a cad of a newspaper? Witness : Yes, and I would say so again. (Loud dissent) Mr. Symon (severely) : Be careful, yon might be sent to gaol if you say that, yoa should not make a statement of that kind in the wintness-box Witness : I can't help that Mr. Symon : Did the editor and proprietor of the * Jamestown Review' apologise for that i Witness : I don't know Mr. Symon : Were you not told so by Mr. Lake? Witness : No, he did not say anything to me about it Mr. Symon : Did not Lake tell yon that he had to apologise to Mr. Davey for these attacks of yours ? Witness : No Mr. Symon : Did they caution you? Witness : No Mr. Symon : You saw in the ' Record' that they apologised ? Witness; Yes Mr. Symon : Did not he write you that he would not allow anything objectionable to ap pear? Witness ? I don't remember that he did Mr. Symon : Will you swear he did not i Witness : No, I won't sweat ; why don't yon bring hint here ? Mr. Symcn: No, we don't want to bring him here to see you make such a miserable ex hibition of yourself. (Laughter) The following are the apologies written by Mr. Lake, the piopiietor, and Mr. Reade, the editor of the ' Jamestown Review' to the de fendant : — October 12, iSgr. Mr. W. J. Davey, Burra, Dear Sis — I received yours te communica tion to * Review1 from Burra correspondent. I regret very much that the comment should have appeared, and bad I seen it before it ap peared I would have prevented it. I have told my representative here to exercise fuller super vision over these letters in future, and I trust thereby to eliminate anything that may be ob jectionable to my Burra friends. I will also write our correspondent, but of course make no reference to your letter. I wish you every success in your enterprise. Yours faithfully, G. Kingston Lake. July is, 1S92. To Mr. Davey, Burra. Dear Sir — In our issue of July 6, there is a par. in our * Burra Gossip' which possibly re fers to the 'Record,' and I wish to express my regret for the said par., which crept in though I had exercised it in tbe proof. I am always anxious that a feeling of friendliness and good fellowship should exist between all sections of the northern press, and regret anything which might interfere with this. I tiust you will ac cept this assurance in good faith, and Believe me, cordially yours, C. J. Reade, editor * Re view.* To be continued. SANDER & SO-'S EUCALYPTI EX TRACT. Urdei th distinguished patronage of His Maj .= - the King of Italy, as per com munication maat b- tbe Minister for Foreign affairs, through the Consul-General for Italyat Melbourne, 14th March. 1878. Awarded Diploma at the Amsterdam Exhibition, 1883. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Univer sities all over the globe. There are imitation of Eucalypti Extract in the market, products of simple distilla tion forming crude resinous oils. In order that these crude oils may not be taken for our Pure Volatile Eucalypt Extract, which is re cognised by the medical divison of the Prus sian Government 10 be of perfectly pure origin, as per information forwarded to as through the Consul at Melbourne, 2nd March 1878, we state — It is proved by tests made by the Medi cal Clinics of the {Jniversites at Bonn and Gnefswald (Prussia), and reported by Dr. Shulz, Professor of Pharmacology at Bonn, and Professor Dr. Moiler, Director of the Medical Clinic at Gnefswald, that only pro ducts that are saturated with oxygen and freed acids, resinous and other substances, adber ant to primary distilliaton, will develop the sanative qualities proper to the plant. Al crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti extracts, are to be classed according to the '''^ authorities among the turpentines which are of insignificant medicinal value, find aban doned long since as an internal medicament. These crude oils or so-called Eucalypt Ex tracts, are decribed — 1\. By their deficiency in pungent odor (which or product, the only genuine Eucalypti Extract,de vcl ops most frctly through its surplus of oxygen). 2\. By their alcoholic, thin and mobile ap pearance, being reduced u specific denisty through the presence of adds. 3\. By their taste, the result ol the con tracting tendency of resins and tanats. If these crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in cases ot croup, bronchitis, diptheria, internal inflam mations, dysentery, etc., tbe consequences are most appalling. For safety sake ask always for Sander & Sons* Eucalyptus Extract, Sand hurst, Victoria, Australia.— SANDER AND 4»* 