Cauld Kail in Aberdeen. The Penritb. speech received a notable addition, and in its own very peculiar way was even bettered, laBt sight by Sir George Dibbs at Aberdeen. It was a, most extra- . ordinary harangue indeed. It showed that while for oratorical purposes at least the Premier seemed to have a happy knack of forgetting every previous circumstance which might tend to bind him to something like consistency? he evidently credited ? his hearers with being equally oblivious of the past. The introductory rigmarole may be passed over. It was not till he cams to touch on the question of federation. that Sir George exhibited himself in regular characteristic form as a political jug gler, though assuredly one of the clumsiest that ever attempted the part. He endeavored once again, for the comfort of those whom it- might concern, to prove that he was really in favor of federation, and that already he had even made a great many practical advances in that direction. He was very sympathetic with respect to his colleague Mr. Barton, and pro tested against the obstacles which, had been thrown in that ardent federa tionist's way by jealous rivals on the other side. Mr. Barton's zeal in the cause has, to be sure, appeared to a good many persoas to be somewhat similar to what a vulgar saying attributes to a soldier in search of a hard day's work. Any how, Sir Geohgk declared federation for the present to be dead, though he looked for ward to a resurrection of it, and meanwhile adviaed everybody to Btudy it well before committing themselves to it at all. The last piece of advice is sound enough, and has been often uttered by the Evening News. The funny thing is to hear it echoed now by Sir Geoege Dibbs, and with a seeming unconsciousness that either in that remark or his other ones on federation he has iavolved himself in the most glaring inconsistencies. The crown ing effort of the evening was, however, that in which the Premier submitted his latest scheme of taxation. The financial path is to be made straight for him by a tax for the Support of hospitals. Charity, according to the best authority, covers a multitude of sins, but it is to be imagined that the proposed illustration of it, specious as it may seem at first sight, will go but a short way to conceal the poverty, the utter barrenness of she ideas which now, at the eleventh hour, Sir Geoege Dibbs is bringing forward in the almost desperate situation in -which he has placed the country as well as himself. Those who have looked to him for bread have truly received a stone ; or, to employ a still more appropriate metaphor, it was indeed but ' cauld kail in Aberdeen.' Notwithstanding that remarkable deliver ance of Sir George Dibbs's which will hereafter be known as the ' penitent thief' speech, let no one say the author, of it is ungrateful to his supporters. He has named a bridge after one of tbe-m. ' Fitzgerald'B Bridge,' Aberdeen, has been so christened in order that it mav be regarded as ' an enduring monument of Mr. Fitzgerald's faithful services to his electorate.' As if this -were not enough, the Premier added the hope that the gratitude of the people would serve to retain him long as their member. A par liamentary representative whose services to his country have been recognised by a mon ument, even though it be but a bridsre, can surely not be included among those back sliders who require, in their last days, to play the part of the penitent thief. But what about the rest of the army — those of Sir George's supporters who have not either their names to bridges, or, what is the same thing, bridges to their names. After the Penrith and Aberdeen performances, one would imagine that nothing less than railway lines all round, duly accredited to the proper persons, will placate them. Miss Shaw, the lady who recently *? did ' Australia for the Times, has been contri buting to that journal an article specially dealing with Australian democracy. State socialism, according to her views, is the political ideal which. is insisted on by the New Unionism in this part of the world. - Plutocracy, she opines, has no ideal, and raises no public cry, which circumstance eh« regards as the most dangerous feature of the future outlook. Miss Shaw is no doubt a very sharp and observant person, and has the knack of ex pressing herself in -fluent and well chosen language. But so far as the cablegram gives any- impression of it, the article in question is not indicative of any axtra ordinary wisdom on the part of the fair critic. Indeed, it smacks r-r«tty strongly of the merest commonplace, though doubtless delivered with the appropriata oracular ling. It needs no ghost. to come from the grave to tell anybody that plutocracy has no ideal, and 'raises no cry. But certainly the conclusions which are to be drawn from that indisputable fact, apply with tenfold force to England itself. The wonder, therefore, is that Miss Shaw should have found it necessary to point her moral specially from Australia when she had » more striking — not- to -eay shock ing — example so much nearer at hand. This question of plutocracy is indeed the sphynxes riddle for modern civilisation as a wkole, though at the same time it may be said that most of the so called socialistic attempts to alter it have hitherto been of the wildest and saddest kind. Miss Shaw is no believer in the pay ment of members system. It is interesting to learn that on such a -subject the lady's ideas are so sensible, but the fact itself is of no great consequence to any one. There has for some time past beea intriguing and plotting, and protocolling and depntationising, and all sorts of things between Albury and Corowa about which should be the seat of the federation con ference and be allowed to form the head quarters of the border federation movement. Albury, the ' federal city,' would not yield, and Corowa hadjto be con tent with the promise of a visit from the Premier of Victoria and a number of ardent federationists, to orate, and reso lute, and generally make federation hum on the Murray. And now — O lame and impotent conclusion ! — Corowa hears that eighty people are coming with the Premier, and sends word that some of them had better stay at home, as she cannot accom modate such an army. Alas for the faint hearts that lately beat so high 1 What if there were but few hotels each with but a few rooms !, What if the local magnates would not make room for Victorians unknown ! Were there no woolsheds in the neigh borhood, and could no six-by-eight tents be pitched ? Corowa has missed its op portunity, and after seeking it carefully with tears. The playful bombardment of the Beat of government by insurgent Nicaraguans opens up all sorts of possibilities for future travellers. It is true that the vessels effecting the bombardment are said to have been on Lake Managua, and the river connecting that sheet with Lake Nicaragua, which is to form part of the water -way across the isthmus, is impassable for all but canoes. But if armed steamers accessible to insur gents are there they may also be on the larger lake in the same state, and their pent-up ' energy may hereafter be directed against an Orient liner. Some one . writing this week, says the progress of the -world has made adven ture and exciting travel impossible for the future. This is the merest sonsense, There is always a possibility of excitement and adventure in Central or South America, and the world there is not as old by a couple of centuries as it is with us. Whether taking a highway across it will effect a change remains to be seen. 