UNDER THE GREAT SEAL A NOVEL. By Joseph Hatton, Author of " Clytie," •' By Order of the Czar,'' " J ohn Needham'f Double," " Cruel London," &c.; PART II. CHAPTER I. GHOBTS OF HEABT'S DELIGHT. jj'or twenty years Alan Keith disappears | from view among the surf-swept reefs of i Bahama's thousand islands. t t J As his gaunt figure fades out in the mists or t that mocking sunshine which found him alone the one living remnant of the St. Denis, there j arieeB in the natural course of this romance the lithe young figure of David, his son. It looms up clear cut againBt the grey horizon of an English champaign country bordering on They might be limned as human types of hope and despair, this father andthiB son. Away beyond the Spanish main Alan Keith, galled with manacles of body and soul, tried to give to that of Hannah, his wife, a companion vision of David their wotB© than orphaned son. That he could never do bo encouraged I him to believe the boy was living. It almost 1 made him think that the deserted offspring was happy. Otherwise he surely would have been able to summons him to the darkness of his celL , . _ ... Such is the love of man that Alan, all sin stained and half crazy with fasting and con finement, was able to win the sweet companion ship of Hannah from the Elyaian fields, r or years, in hiB imagination, hardly a day had passed when she had not glided through the m&Beive; walls of his priBon to sit by hisside and talk to.him of tneir happy days. Ihey had often spoken of little David, speculating upon what might be hiB fortunes. Strange, too, that the pathetio ghost of Hannah Plympton had no spiritual tidings of their Bon. Ims again argued for bis life andhappmess. # Dead, he would assuredly have joined her with the saints. Unhappy, she would have had a mission to him of comfort and consolation. The gaoIerB heard their familiar prisoner in his neglected den talking as waB his wont with unseen visitors. , The mad Englishman was indeed very mad since he no longer complained of his lot, no longer craved for food, but took the stuff they gave him with a grateful smile.^ One day they would relieve him of his chains and unbar his door. But would it be death or human freedom that would make the award of liberty t And what could, so broken-witted a creature do for himself in the strange world upon which liberty would thrust him ? It would Burely be best for hixn that he should die* Yet Alan in hiB blackest despair saw glimses of a star shining afar off through the darkness. . . Happily for David s peace of mmd his father was dead to him, though the heroic story of his life, as he had heard it from Sally Mumford and read of it in documents signed by David Plympton, lived continually in bis fancy. To have known the truth about the prisoner of Tarifa would have been a heavy burden for the generous-hearted and romantic lad to carry. He loved the memory of his father, could see him in his fancy sitting fn the porch of the great house with his mother, could see him in command of his avenging ship, fighting for freedom of his fellows, and paying the glorious penalty of his courage and devotion. Whether he had anv suspicion of the truth or not David's father was to the son a hero whose memory w»b worthy of reverence and venera tion. Miss Mumford liked nothing better than to tell David Btories of Alan Keith's famous deeds, bis kindness to her, and his devotion to his wife. '• MisB Mumford was an old maid for David s sake. She looked the character of a cheery spinster to the life. Her trim little home in a corner of one of the Yarmouth rows, with bright brass knocker and white lace curtains, was not less neat than herself. It was a picturesque house, its windows full of flowers, the court or row, in which it waa the principal dwelling, white with limewash, its pavementB red with freshly washed bricks. Hartley'e-row at this point branched off into a small court, with three or four quaint houses that might have^ suggested to the traveller a stray bit of Venice, an unlooked-for incident in some straggling bit of street abutting on a back oan&l.; Indeed, to this day there are by-ways in Yarmouth that might be by-ways of the city in the sea when the sun shines and soft shadows fall from ^window pediments and over-hanging gables in well kept rows that run off quiet and Btill from busy thoroughfares. But Miss Mumford was more of a Dutch woman than a Venetian in the matter of clean liness. Her bouse, with its immediate approaches, was constantly washed and brushed up. The window-panes shone, the doorstep was as white as the blinds, the very atmosphere of the place was immaculate. Miss Mumford and her neighbour, Mildred Hope, in Hartley'e-row were the centre of a clean and godly influence. Miss Mumford was only fifty, after all the years that bad passed over Heart's Content and Heart's Delight, with wreck and ruin, with sun and storm. Here ehe lived once more in the country of her fathers, and, though a spinster, was still a mother to David Keith, beloved by the gracious lad, and respected by all their neighbours. She bad had a hard time of it when the new settlement at Heart's Content was broken up. Before the arrest of Plympton and the others the Master had been able to place in her hands sufficient moneys for her own and David's security against want. By his advice she bad followed him to London, and had taken a lodging there not far from the prison where he was confined. Plympton's durance was not of long continuance. He had influential friends at Court. His story waa honestly told by one who knew it well. The time was favourable for its c&uBe.; He was honourably acquitted of the charges brought against him, ana received a certain compensation for the. loss of his property, which be duly settled in trust for David Keith. This secured to the boy an education and a email inoome for life. With the moneys of which Misa Mumford was already possessed, the two were able to live in comparative affluence in Hartley'e-row, at Yarmouth. If at this moment it seems odd^ to Rpe&k; of Sally as Miss, you would be satisfied^ if yon could have seen her in her prim black eiik with white fichu and apron, a pair of gold spectacles on ber noBe, and her grey hair dressed in two bunohes of curls about her thoughtful, pleasant face. She looked older than she was on account of the troubles she had seen, and the responsibilities that Providence had placed upon her41 unbeknown and unexpected." Fortunately, as well for Plympton's com panion as himself, they werea supported in their defence by ardent petitions for their release. Even St. John's joined in the prayers of the last of the men and women of Heart's Delight and Heart's Content. Furthermore, the prisoners came before the Council by way of preliminary enquiry at the moment when the new Governor, Admiral Sir Richard Godwin Keats, was on the point of sailing with instructions for more enlightened govern ment of Newfoundland that had been inspired by recent events in that unhappy colony, backed by something like a revolt of the merchants at St. John's. As evidence of this refractory spirit Sir John Dnokwarth bad felt called upon to report the case of a merchant there, who had thought proper to dispense with the Governor's leave, and had violently attempted to build a house, which, in a daring letter to the Sheriff, he had avowed his intention of letting as a dwelling-house. This attempt, moreover, was not that of an indvidual, but was instigated and supported by a company of merchants and settlers, who had raised ajfund, " the real object of which," declared the Governor, " was to oppose the government and establish the right of property upon a quiet possession of twenty years." This was no further back than the early years of the present century. In April, 1813, the new Governor was authorized to make maDy changes, one or two of which may be mentioned. The publicans of St. John's, in consideration of their licence to sell ardent spiritB, had to act as constables; they were now to be relieved of this particular duty, and taxed for their privileges, the money thus obtained being set apart to create a civic arm for the proper preservation of peace and order. Grants of land at an annual quit rent for the purposes of cultivation were sanctioned, but with severe restrictions as to the renewal of leases; the memorial of certain admirals, a rigorous continuation of the enforced return of seamen after the olose of each fishing season as heretofore, or for the right to seize them and bring them on board His Majesty's ship, was disregarded ; and further evidence was not wanting on all hands, for endorsement of : the faith that had made Alan Keith obstinate in his hopes of a free Newfoundland, with j rights to dig and delve and make the land I blossom as the rose. Suoh was the generous mood of the govern- ; ment when David Plympton and his fellows stood for judgment, and the magnanimity of the time has burdened the shoulders of Her Majesty's Ministers in our own day and hampered the natural progress of the enfran chised island. Although Prance had been the disturber of the peace of Europe, and her ruler was chiefly indebted to England for his throne, Great Britain, utterly disregarding the petitions of Newfoundland and her own colonial and naval interests, and without any reason whatever, unless it was in the way of still discrediting and crippling the native settlers, voluntarily engaged to restore to the French the colonies, fisheries, factories and establishments of every kind which they had possessed m 1792, on the seas and on the Con- I tinent of America. It might be doubtful ; whether after all Newfoundland bad been successful training ground for the British Navy, but it is tbe settled and expressed opinion of specialists that except for the generous concessions of England as regards Newfoundland Prance might to-day be almost without a navy. So liberal also were tbe privileges conceded to America that in a short time the incentive thus given to foreign competition was soon the cause of serious embarrassment to the colonists. Duly impressed with the importance of the fisheries both the French and Americans at at once established a system of bounties for their encouragement, and at tbe same time secured for their own fishermen a monopoly of their markets by a prohibitory duty on the import of foreign fish. This literally broke the financial backs of a vast majority of the Newfoundland merchants and fishermen. It was as if Government relenting of her tardy acts of justice turned once more to rend the unhappy colony. The price of fish fell from forty-five shillings per quintal to twelve. Many large mercantile firms became bankrupt. Others realized their property, and retired from the country. No less than nine hundred oases arising out of the general failure came before the Civil Courts. Bills to the value of a million sterling were dishonoured. The entire colony was at a standstill for work, and the modest savings of the industrious classes were swept away. The Government had to_ send aid to the etarving people, and did so with no unstinting hand. The innate pluck of the colonists, the recuperative power of the English people, eventually utilized tbe new and beneficent laws of local and Imperial Government; but to this day tbe magnanimity of tbe home Government to a beaten foe at the expense of the colony is an ever-growing seed of trouble and danger. It was lucky all the same, as I have said, for Plympton and the rest that their revolt, so-called, had to be considered when the Government was in a forgiving and a generous mood. Plympton was released and to Borne extent compensated; the others were permitted to take service in her Majesty's fleet, in which capacity they disappear from these pages, Lester BeDtz, who sailed into port with the triumphant St. George, was rewarded for his patriotic services with an official position on the Governor's staff. Cowardice and cunning had come out successfully in his case, and he had tbe satisfaction of bestowing an official snub upon Master David Plympton, whose business bad brought the two together, Plympton as a suppliant, Lester Bentz as an officer of authority in tbe colonial department. Tbe Admiral of the St. George had to report the complete annihilation of the St. Denis, which had been used by Alan Keith for piratical purposes. It was debated whether Keath and hi» men should be proclaimed malefactors; but a super-BenBible member of the Council of the Admiralty urged that they wasted time in discussing dead men. More over, there had been something gallant in the way in which Keith had captured the brigantine from the King's enemy; and it was plain that he had been driven to revolt and madness by the overstrained authority of Ristack and the other fishing admirals, who had used their powers for their own individual advantages; Keith and his fellows being dead —viotims to their temerity in fighting an English ship—there let them rest. And this in effect was the verdict of the Court, which was too busy with a thousand living questions to do more at the moment than advanoe the promotion of tbe commander of the St. George and authorize the speedy distribution of whatever prize money belonged to his ship. Lister Bentz had said something about the possibility of hidden treasures that might be found in the locality of Keith's hiding-place; but he was vague and hypothetical in his suggestions, and the Admiral of the St. George declared "fore gad" that any man was welcome to whatever they might dig out of the God-forsaken coasts and creeks about Demon's Rock. Plympton having arranged with one of the trustees of David and Miss Mumford for their removal to Yarmouth, where he had legal and other associations, went back to Newfound land, and busied himself there for some time, more especially in the northern territory of Labrador. Witbin a year or two he died, and was buried by tbe side of bis daughter Hannah. The settlers had cleared the forest thereabouts and made a cemetery of the sacred spot. Tbe graveyard took in the tree under which the dog Sampson was buried, and upon the shadowing trunk of tbe tamaerack a plate had been let in bearing Sampson's name, with a brief reference to tbe manner of the dog's heroic death. And so the years passed away, and the buried treasure of WilaerneBS Creek reared its triple-headed lie among the graves of the dead and-gone, and took upon its stony front the same tokens of time and weather that marked the true mementoes. In winter these silent sentinels of the cave of Demon's Rock were white with snow and frost, ghoBtB of the iey wilderness. Summer found them green and grey with moss and lichnen. In later years an occasional traveller, pioneer of trade and commerce, missionary of civiliza tion, prospector of metals, mid hidden stores of earth and sea, would cross himself or doff his cap at the Bight of the little cemetery with its three cairns that stood higher than the rest, as fate might have designed for a land mark in the mazes of this strange eventful history, their mystio shadows oreeping outside the stormy portals of Nasquappe and the Demon's ridge to light upon the fortunes of David Keith, the deserted son of Alan, and others within the orbit of hiB influence for good or evil on the eastern coast of England. 