coming men. No. 18—Hon. J. H. Carruthers, M;L,A. New South Wales being the senior of Victoria, as a settlement, by half-a- century, it is not surprising that the natives of the former colony Have a larger grasp and a stronger hold upon the Govern went of the country and the administration of State departments than the natives of Victoria have upon the institutions of their particular colony. There are more " natives," too, at the heads of the learned, professions in New South' "WaleB than there are in Victoria. But nearly all the leading natives of the sister colony are now elderly men, who have.not yet thrown off the old • conservative notions ' which characterised the public men of their fathers' time, and which they themselves have inherited, and, as a rule, maintain. The term "conservative," be it understood, is not used here in the strictly political sense, as denoting a party, but in the more general sense, as upholding the old principle that " whatever is, is right." The young men of the present generation in New South Wales are stepping out from the beaten track of old Conservatism and Imperialism, and while (with, of course, some exceptions) retaining their attachment to and affection for the British Empire, are giving rein to larger views than presented themselves to their fathers, and developing a literal and progressive spirit in public life which is in keeping with the spread of education and the growth of thought. Amongst the promising young men who have entered public life in New South Wales within the last decade of years is Mr. Joseph H. Carruthers, the present member for the electorate of Canterbury, a suburb of Sydney. However, although the electoral district bears the name of but one suburb, it really includes several municipal districts, thickly populated, and containing the residences of a great number of merohants and professional men, who pursue jtheir avocations in Sydney, besides a large section of the middle - and working classes. Although Mr. Carruthers has been only six' years in Parliament, he has already held office as Minister of the Crown for two and a half years—a fairly long term, as the lives of Ministries go. The leaders of the two great parties into which New South Wales politicians are now divided are old men, and, in the bourse of things, must before very many years disappear from the battle-field of politicsj and it is not too early to begin to speculate who are to be the successors of the veterans who are now fiercely waging war with one another. There can be no doubt that Mr. Carruthers will take a foremost plaoe among the statesmen of the future. He is a man of University education, a member of the legal profession, having a trained and acute mind, superadded to which he possesses great natural general ability and an activity, and tenaoity of purpose which eminently fit him for the conduct of public business. During the few years that he has held a seat in Parliament he has made a larger record of useful and practical, work than men who have sat in the Assembly for twice or thrice the length of time, but only—talked. Mr. Carruthers was born in 1857, at Kiatna, New South Wales—famous for ghosts and dairy produce. At least one ghost is reported to have been seen in the town, but if the late Mr. John Banim, the author of that notable novel, The Qhoet Hunter, were now alive and in New South Wales, he might be able to explain the apparition as he did the supposed reappearance upou earth of the defunot Joe Wilson. However, the butter and oheese of Kiaraa are more substantial than its ghost, and furnish a far more luorative reputation for the place.' Mr, Carruthers had almost become a little Christmas-box for his respeoted father, for he was born on December 21, Just four days before the great festival when presents become so popular , and almost universal. However, little ■ Carruthers arrived sufficiently' well in the Christmas season to make a real " speaking" plaything, a welcome and appropriate acquisition to his little brothers and sisters—if he had any.. He received his early education at the Superior Publio School, in Fort-street, Sydney, at the foot of the hill upon the summit of whioh the .Observatory stands. " He was next sent to the. Hlgh> 9ohool; at Goulburn, from which, in 1873, he went to the Sydney University. There, Mr. Carruthers had for' contemporaries and fellow-students a large number of young men who now occupy prominent positions in the learned professions in New South Wales. Amongst these may be mentioned His Honour Judge Gibson and His Honour Judge Backhouse, both at the District Court—or County Court, as .the equivalent jurisdiction is called in Victoria; Mr. T. Butler, now Professor of Classics in the Sydney University ; Mr. H. E. Barff, registrar of the University; Doctors Hurst, Murray-Oram M'Culloch and Kendall, all well known medical men in Sydney ; Mr. Walter Edmunds, barrister-at-law, and late member for South Sydney in the Legislative Assembly ; and Mr. J. E. Russell-Jones, solicitor, formerly Mayor of Burwood, near Sydney. Mr.: Carruthers took the degree of Bachelor of Arts in; 1876 and that of Master of Arts in 1878. He entered the legal profession as an articled; clerk to Mr. A. H. McCulloch, jun. (who occupied a, seat in the New South Wales Assembly for .some: years), in 1876, and three years later was admitted to practice as a solicitor of the Supreme Court. Since then he has been in active practice as a solicitor in Sydney, in partnership with Mr. W. E. Hawkins.' Mr. Carruthers first entered Parliament in 1887. At that time a fierce all- round fight was proceeding in New South Wales between the Freetraders and the Protectionists. Up to that period the fiscal policy of the colony was freetrade, and it was maintained by a substantial majority in Parliament, led by the veteran Sir Henry Parkes. The Protectionists were making a great struggle for power and proselytes, and they gained many of the latter. A general .eleotion took place in February, 1887, and Mr. Carruthers became a candidate for Canterbury. Although: the constituency returned only four members, there were no fewer than ten candidates, namely, Messrs. J. H. Carruthers, W. Henson, W. L. Davis, J. T. "Vyilahire, T. W. G. Cameron, A. Hutchinson, J. Wheeler, J. ^W. Watkin, R. McCoy, and G. Wallace. The fight was hot, and the polling heavy. Whon .the "numbers went up" Mr. Carruthers headed the ,poll with 4302—the highest number of votes which had ever been polled in New South Wales at any Parliamentary eleotion by any candidate; and he was only 29 years of age. He polled on the occasion 1300 more votes than the next successful candidate, Mr. Henson, and 2200 more than the highest un-; successful candidate. Mr. Davis and Mr. Wilsliire were the third and fourth upon the poll. Since that eleotion Mr. Carruthers has been re-elected for the same constituency twice ; and surprising as was j the polling for him in February, 1887, it was still, higher at the second election—6066; and at the third contest he obtained no fewer than 7321 votes. This reminds one of the enormous polling of Mr. J. J. (now Judge) Casey at Eaglehawk, in the old days of the struggle between the Liberals and Constitutionalists in the colony of Victoria. In March, 1889, Sir Henry Parkes recalled to power, after a brief reign of Mr. (now Sir) G. 1J. Dibbs, and he offered the portfolio of Education to Mr. Carruthers, by whom.it was accepted. It speaks well for. the opinion which Sir Henry Parkes held of Mr. Carruthers' qualifications to administer a department of state when he selected him, at 32 years of age, to control one of the most difficult and delicate departments in the hands of the Ministry. Mr. Carruthers .amply showed his fitness for the responsible position assigned, to him, and has .left his mark on the education system, of New. South Wales. Mr. Carruthers has been instrumental in initiating or. carrying through. Parliament a number of very important measures, chiefly in connection ,wrij;h the work of public education. Amongst these measures may be enumerated i the Women's College Bill, by .whioh a college for females was founded in connection with the Sydney University j a bill to regulate mining on ohuroh.and aohool lands, an .extension of the Contractors' Debts Act, and the Birds' Protection Act. He effected a number of important, reforms in the Education department, and initiated. Arbor Day, whioh is now being observed throughout thAoqlony, and is a regular "fixture" at all the public, sohools. Mr. .Carruthers, while at the head, of the Education department, took over, the department of Technical Education, and plaoed it under ,the diroot control of the Minister. - He founded tho Technical College at Ultimo, Sydney, whioh was,opened by His Excellency Sir B. W. Puff a couple of weeks ago. He introduced I the system of bursaries in the Education department, by which th e children of poor parents are enabled to go on to the High School or the University. Mx*. Carrutliers re-modelled the cadot force of New South Wales, and raised it from a state of decay. Over 6000 boys are now enrolled in the force. Mr. Carruthers introduced the system of erecting the public schools upon a uniform or stereo-; -typed plan, whereby provision was made for keeping pace in school accommodation with the growth of, population, and, at the same time, a saving was; effected in the annual expenditure upon school' buildings. He re-modelled the whole system of» management of the industrial schools, and rendered; those establishments much more effective in opera-tion than they had previously been. Mr. Carruthers retired from office as Minister of Public Instruction" with the .Government of Sir Henry Parkes in. Sep-:i tember, 1891, when the Cabinet was succeeded by, the present Ministry of Sir George Dibbs. 1 In his University days, Mr. Carruthers was a prominent cricketer and football player. For several years he was a member of the first eleven University cricket team and one of tho University j fifteen football players. Ho still occasionally' appears in the cricket field, and he is vice-president of the Rugby Football Union. His principal physical recreations now, however, are fishing and shooting. Mr. Carruthers'mental exercise is the reading of books dealing with social and political economy, and for simple relaxation he is a great reader of books of travel. He manages to seize upon every new work of that description which makes its appearance, and it is quite a common thing for him to dispose of a volume of some such matter every week. In 1879—the same year in which he was.admitted to practice as a solicitor—Mr. Carruthers married Miss ' Louisa Marion Roberts, daughter of Mr. William Roberts, a well-known Sydney solicitor. In the Assembly the subject of this sketch is a staunch adherent to party and principle. His opinions are thoroughly well known, and ho can be trusted tq- act".~i^on• .them fearlessly under all cir'from, his personal popularity, this is,,tlys'secret' of vJiis.-fenormous success at the polling1" jboofcl^v, He nevbhr>finds it necessary to "set -.hiinself' ri&ljrt-; .wjtlffi-Kis'^constituents," or to oxplam'or^defendvotefegivgffiiri the House. To use a familiar^dxjpiession, . ho js an out and out " straighw^ji^tfci^j.ahd^.has' been returned thrice to Parliament by-'tmh^efiBe^inajorities purely upon his merits. He is a caustic critic, but possesses too much good sense and gentlemanly instinct to figure in " scenes" or brawls on the floor of the Assembly. He is a fluent speaker, and his speeches are well arranged and full of telling points. He is a useful and influential contributor to a debate. A gkand Masonic choral sorvice, under the auspices of the Earl of Carnarvon, Albert Victor, and the York Bramwell lodges, will be given in aid of the local distress relief fund, at the Collingwood Town Hall, on Sunday next. The service will be conducted by the Rev. Bro. E. A. Thomas, P.M., P.G.C., who will deliver the oration, assisted by the Rev. Bro. W. G. Hindloy and the Rev. Bro. W. G. Marsh. The musical portion of the service will be rendered by the combined choirs of St. John's Church, Melbourne (choirmaster, Mr. S. Greenwood); St. Mark's Church, Fitzroy (choirmaster, Bro, J. W. Samuels), and St. Philip's Church; Abbotsford, (choirmaster, Mr. Bayley); undor the conductorship of Mr. S. Greenwood. Precentor, Bro. J. Allard. Tho band of the 1st Victorian Regiment and the band of the Viotorian' Rangers will combine and play selections under the conduotorship of Bandmaster Riley. Tho soloists will be Bro. A. H. Geo, Bro. J. A. John, Bro. T. E. Jones, Mr. Henry Stookwell; and the organists, Mr. Jas. Pullar, Mt. A. Nickson; accompanist, Bro. II. J. Inge; musical director", Bro. J. W. Samuels. A series of poetio recitals will be given weekly by Miss Adey Brunei at the Assembly Hall, CollinsBtreet, beginning on Saturday, September 2. The objeot of these recitals . will be to illustrate the characteristics and dramatic and lyrical beauties of the greatest poets of the English-speaking race ; but only those poems suitable to recitation will beohosen. Tho authors selected will be grouped as nearly as possible to represent typioal periods of literature. Eaoh recital will be prefaced by a leoturette, the objeot of whioh will be to call attention t6 any speaialbeauties in the poenid to be recited, and to touch lightly upon the character of the poet and the nature of his work. The recitals will also include declamations to niusio and pianoforte solos by Ilerr Benno Sohorok. The following poets, amongst others, will be ! dealt with i—Tennyson, the Brownings, Chaucer, Spencer, Milton and Shakespeare, Byron, Shelley, Keats, Scott, > Burns, llosetti, Matthow Arnold, Edwin Arnold, Swinburne, Morris, Buchanan, Calverley, Thackeray. Hood and Austin DobBOMi the Australian and New Zealand poets, and the American poots (including Foe, Longfollow, Bf'ot llarto, Whittier and Olivor Wondoll Holmes). | 