Local Government. Local government, is administered in two ways, with a bank overdraft and without it. In many oases the ordinary overdraft is supplemented by a loan from the Treasury, repayable in instalments and deducted with interest from the neeriied endowment. Tn nil nnneR the question of income is at present one of paramount importance, since on the one hand it TOgulates the amount of Govern ment aid, and on the other hand the in come of 1892 deoides the legal limit to the bank overdraft for 1893. With some of our local bodies the legal limit will be so nearly reached, or bo far over reached, that continued depression will mean a stoppage unless the most rigorous economy is practised. The last year or two have opened the eyes of local authorities very unplea santly. "With an endowment that is vanishing into perspective nothingness, and with an income that in these times is very difficult to collect, there is little wonder if our councillors and boardsmen are despondent. The past is no longer unBighed for, and the future is anything but Bure. Like. Laodamia, they find themselves - in a. very, unsatisfactory ,pj>sir tion ; and, like her, the ghost of a past profit must teach them, the lesson of . a future success. . Borrowed money must be repaid, aud the interest kept up in the meantime. Contracts entered into must not - be repudiated, however burdensome they may > have become. Arrears of rates must 'bo collected, if the first half of next year is to be safely passed through. The work that needs to bo done in each case muBt be carried out at efficiently and as economically as possible. Last, and yet most important perhaps, valuations must bo so made that the appoals, if suc cessful, shall not upset careful calcula tions. The " happy go lucky " system of valuation and expenditure has been a very prominent point in some of the municipalities and divisions, and a full tide has carried the ship along. Now that we are at an ebb, the utmost caution and skill must be exercised to keep within a safe channel. Tho great hindrance in the way of a reasonable valuation of city and suburban properties undoubtedly lies in the fact that half the populations are on the move, or would like to be. As a consequence, no one wishes to bay pro perty, unleBB he can get the value of a sovereign for sixpence, and not then in most cases, while everyone wishes to sell. A forced sale in some localities would place values below those in a Japanese village. Yet the advice given by so many to those with a little or with much money is, "Now is the' time to buy;" This must mean that in the near future prices will rise, or it means nothing. In a 09m- muhity ' whore the Tuling rate is the result of years of buying and.' selling without much fluctuation there is little difficulty, but' in a young, colony where every thing is ' in extremes it is. almost impossible ..to': make ' satisfactory valua tions.. When magistrates take a pessimistic view of the situation and write down the values appealed against 50 per cent in discriminately because they consider that property has fallen one-half, we cannot be surprised if the local authorities use ultra municipal language. In this, as in other things, there should be a mean between the extremes of value. No man iu his senseB will consider £50 the fair value of a house property that would cost £100 to build at present rates simply because the seller was starving and could not hold on. No municipal body oan be blamed for declining to accept such a sale as the basiB of valuation in that particular street or district. And again, since under the new Act a heavy initial rate can he levied, and additional special rates to practically, any extent may be etruok, it follows that even on absurdly low valuations the in come may be kept up. ; The injustice of panio-strioken reductions will be felt most when a number of ' reasonable men have rofrained from appealing on what they consider a fair, valuation. It may be that a large minority have been success ful in their appeals. Consequently, when a rate is struok that must .bring in enough to meet outstanding liabilities or neces sities, non-appellants will suffer,- because their properties will staud at the larger and uncontested amount,. : and... the proportion becomes unequal/ .' ' Magis trates should satisfy thcmsolves that the valuations made . are a fair ' state- ment of average valne, and are neithor based on " boom '? prioes nor. on- the . un satisfactory foundation of huuger-bittou solds. Very occasionally ono hears of a sale that has taken pluco in whicli the seller has not been forced to soli, and tho purohaser has boen willing to pay a iair prioo. Tho price given in such cases generally turns out to be a mean between the tidal wave value of six or seven years ago, and the drought mark of a forced Bale in the next street. If municipal oounoils and divisional boards will make their valuations, or uuthorise them, on this basiB, and if magistrates on appeal will remember that a standard of value is praotically non-existent at present, we. shall not have a conglomeration of hybrid levies that must tell hardly upon the reasonable men in tho community. Now that tho Government endowment is becoming a thing of the past, and public bodies are painfully awaking to the faot, it will be well if the whole situation is reviewed carefully by our oitizenB. A future without the bright sunshine of outside aid may be trying, but it need not be enervating. There must be a steady self-help, accompanied though it be with the puinful necessity of liquidating liabilities on the old "penny a week" plan. Another old way of making money must be followed, too, in the administration of local finance. When the question arises as to obtaining or oarrving out a desirable thing the point should he not "do we want it?" but "oan we do without it ?" just as our grandfathers did about a new coat. . If this method is pursued it is only reasonable to suppose that the same assistance will be extended to public bodies, that is given by private citizens and by firms to each other..., Tho terms of payment are extended, and renewals are granted every day in . business that may very well be allowed Blsewhere if necessary. The Treasury stops principal and interest with great precision from the endowments of local bodies in- its debt, and this is right. Yet it is to bo wished that no undue pressure may bo brought to bear when such action will make the difference between recovery or col lapse. Among the difficulties with which mnnicipalitieH and divisions have to con tend are two in particular ; and in mak ing income go as far as possible in every direction thoy must be carefully con sidered. The arrears of rates that in many cases are uncollected and frequently un- oollectable are a source of serious weak ness. So many properties are abandoned by the original owners and are not yet legally held by the mortgagees that be tween two stools the rutes are fallen, or suspended, as the case may be. In the ordinary way none of the local bodies care to take possession of properties by s'eoreB since it is impossible to lease tbcm to any advantage, if at all. Of course it can be pointed out that everything comes to him that oan wait, and that eventually arrears of rates must be paid when properties change hands. But in this instance the authorities concerned cannot wait since bank interest has no ddlce far niente of its own. Another source of trouble is felt by some of the hoards in the contracts that hang like millstones about their nocka. One of its phases is seen when a sanitary contract has been entered into in tho past on the principle of paying for work done or not, Where the council or board, has bound itself to pay on the number of houses irrespective of occu pancy or otherwise, the contractor must smile to himself as he finds house after house empty in such times as theBe, though the araountpaid still keepsitsgenialrotun- dity. The Act provides that no more shall be levied for the work than is actually expended upon it. But in cases where property has been mortgaged, and the mortgagees, though actually in possession, will not perform any act of ownership to a vacant house, it is impossible to collect the rate. One municipality last year was unable to oolleot its sanitary rate by nearly a thousand pounds, and when bank interest has to be paid thereon, the item becomes a puzzling ono to deal with. 