THE DAY OF REST. A GOLDEN PRAYER. A SB.EMON by C. H. Spohgeon. 1 Father, elorify Tby name."—John rii. i In tbe first part of my discourse I shall strictly j keep to my text, as the words of our Lord Josub Christ, and endeavour to show what it teaches us with regard to Him, These are His own words, and it would be a robbery to borrow them until 1 first we have Been what they meant as they fell from I His lips. Their most golden meaning must be seen j in the light of His sacred countenance. Then, in the second part of my Bermon I shall try to point | out how the petition before us may be used by ourselves, and I pray that Divine grace may be given us that it may be engraven upon ' our hearts, and that each one of us may | be taught by the Holy Spirit daily to 'say for Himself, "Father, glorify Thy name." I would suggest that these words should be to all the ; Lord's people their prayer throughout life. It will as well beseem the beginner in grace as the ripe believer; it will be proper both at the wicket-gate of faith and at the portals of glory. Like a lovely rainbow let the prayer," Father, glorify Thy name," overarch the whole period of our life on earth. I cannot snggest a better petition for any moment of our pilgrimage. As for the past, " Father, glorify j Thy name;" in the present fulfil this desire unto Thy servants, and in the future do it yet more abundantly. L Let us look, then, at the words, first of all, in I respect to our Lord Jesus Christ. They occur in the | following connection. He had wrought a notable miracle in tbe raising of Lazarus from the dead. The fame of the miracle bad attracted many to hear Him; enthusiastic crowds had gathered, and he had become so extremely popular that the Pharisees said, "ike world hath gone after Him." The people were willing to have made Him a King, and a great concourse met Him with branches of palm-trees and cried, " Hosanna; blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord." Our Lord passed in royal but bumble pomp through tbe streets of Jerusalem, riding upon a colt, the foal of an ass. ThiB public manifestation, the renown of the miracle, and the general talk of the populace led to strangers bearing of Him, and enquiring about Him; so that certain intelligent Ureeks of a very respectable order—for their mode of address to Philip shows their superior behaviour asked to be introduced to Him. They would " see Jesus," not, of course, merely see Him in the street, for that they could do if they pleased without applying to Philip; but they would have an interview with Him, and learn more about His teaching and His claims. I suppose that the sight of these Greeks greatly gladdened the heart of the Saviour, for He delighted to see men coming to the light. He seemed to say within Himself, "Behold, the nations come to Me; the Gentiles arise and seek their Saviour." He saw in those Greeks the advance guard of the Gentile world. He looked upon the strangers with delight, regarding them as represen tative men, the first of myriads who from the ends of the earth and the islands of the sea should come flocking to Him, to behold tbe glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Our Lord rejoiced in spirit; His heart was glad within Him, and He began to address Himself to the people round about and to the Greeks, who mingled with the throng. At that very moment tbe thought flashed across the Saviour's mind, "But these nations who are to be born unto Me and to be saved by Me, cannot be so bom without birth pangs, nor saved except I endure unspeakable suffering as their Redeemer." I shall want to call your attention briefly here, first, to the trouble of the Redeemer's soul. I always tremble within myself when I try to speak of the inner conflicts of our blessed Lord, for it is so easy to make a mistake and darken counsel by words without knowledge. His person is complex, and therefore we readily confuse, yet He Himself is but one, and it is equilly dangerous to make over nice distinctions. Loving jealousy of our Lord's honour makes us feel that we scarcely know how to speak of him. I remember an earnest admirer of art who in pointing with his wolking-sti< k to the beauties of a famous picture pushed his cane through tbe canvas and ruined it; and it is possible that In our enthusiasm to point out the beauties and points of interest in tbe life and death of our Lord we may spoil it all. This much is clear, that our Saviour's heart was full of trouble. He who could still the sea and bid tbe storms retreat was tempest tossed in His own s ul, and castabout Him for anchorage. Master of all worlds, supreme amongst the angels, and adored at His Father's right hand, yet He confesses, " How is My soul troubled. Lord of all, yet learned He obedience by the things which He suffered. How near akin it makes Him to nsl How human! How compassed with infirmity 1 Ye worship Him, and rightly so, but still He is a man ana a mourner. Ye call Him Master and Lord, and ye do well, yet He not only washed His disciples' feet but His own feet trembled in the rough places of the way. He felt those same commotions of spirit which makes onr hearts sad within us and causes us to pour out our souls within ub. Do not think Tof the Lord Jesus otherwise than a dear brother born for ad versity, or a faithful husband sharing all our lot, being bone of our bone and flesh of our fiesh. Jesus also nnderstands by sympathy what it is you mean. Do yon look around you and feel that you know not what to do. and does your trembling heart suggeet that you should pray, " Father, save me from this hour?"—in all this you may see the Well Beloved's footprints—you are not upon a new and strange track, He leads yon through no darker rooms than He went through before. With the like afflictions He has been afflicted; there is nothing in them novel or surprising to His sympathetic heart. Let me invite you to consider that not only did onr Lord thus suffer, but it is joyful to reflect that He suffered all this without sin. Hence it follows that mental conflict is not in itself sinful; even the shrinking hack of the flesh from suffering is not necessarily evil; and the question, " What shall I say?" and the apparent distraction of the spirit for the moment as to what shall be its course are not in themselves criminal. There could be no sin in the Lord Jesus, and consequently there is not of neces sity sin in our inward struggles, though I am very far from venturing to hope that in any one of them we are quite clear of fault. Our Lord's nature was so pure that however much it was stirred it re mained clear; but in our case, though the stirring is not sinful, it sets in motion the sin which dwelleth in us, and we are defiled. Yet I do not believe that all those depressions of spirit which come of sick ness, that all those wanderings of mind in the heat of fever, that all those ahrimringB and drawings back from pain, which are essential to our humanity, are by our Heavenly Father set down as sin, though sin is doubtless mixed with them. If they he sinful in themselves, yet surely thsy are blotted out as soon as written down, for "like as a father pltieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear Him." He pitieth rather than censures or con demns. Ye do not judge your children hardly for what they say when they are racked with pain or prostrated by weakness; you bear with their little fancies and pevishnesses, and the like, and you never taunt them with their follies afterwards: neither can I think that our Heavenly Father would have us doubt our interest In Christ because in our semi-delirium we could not realize His love, nor would he have ns question the grace which is in as because our feverish thoughts were near akin to despair. When the true heart struggles to love ana trust and obey, but tbe poor brain is tortured with dark thoughts the conflict is not all sinful, new any of it necessarily bo. There may be an awfal struggle in the soul, and yet the Father may be glorified. The sin lies not in the conflict but in the defeat, if defeat there be; the enllt is not in tbe shrinking from pain, bnt in permitting that natural feeling to hinder us from duty or to lead ns to rebel against chastisement " If it be possible let this oup pass from Me" Is not a sinful utterance If it be followed by "nevertheless not as I will, bnt as Thou wilt I feel so Mad to think our Lord when he was pass ing through this Inward conflict spoke ont His feel ings. It is instructive that He shonld have done so, for with His strength of mind He was quite capable of preserving a self- contained attitude and keeping His agony to Himself; yet you notice that neither here, in which case He spoke so that others heard Km; nor at a Gethsemane, in which case He took three of His disciples to be with Him, and went to them again and again for sympathy; nor even on the cross, in which case He cried aloud:— "My God; my God, why hast Thou forsaken me?" Did He endeavour to conceal His emotion from others ? It may be that by this He intended to teach ns wisdom; He would show us by His own example that it Is well for ub not to be too much shut np within ourselves. Bmother not your sorrow, tell tt out, or it may gather an ungovernable heat. Tbat is tbe worst of grief, which cannot weep or moan. Draw up the sluice?, give a vent to penc up feelings; even though it he but a child who hears jour tale it will relieve your mind to tell it. Any thing is better than banking up th6 fires, and con centrating all the heat within the souL Act not the Btoic'B par>; be not ashamed to let it be known that you are a man, a man who can grieve and be troubled even an others. It may sometimes be well to follow the poet's advice who says— "Bear and still bear and silent be, Tell no man thy misery." Bnt I qnestlon if the occasions sue very frequent. At any rate, such is not the command of our Lord, nor does His example point in that direction. In Himself speaking out our Lord gives ns a full permit to speak too. We might have said, " Ho, I will not tell what is going on within lest my weak ness should seem to dishononr.God." How, we know that onr Lord did not dishonour the Father by say ing, "How is My soul troubled," and by revealing the inward conflict of His soul; neither will the fact of onr speaking out grief necessarily dishonour our God. Jesus wept, and we may weep. JesuB told oat His sorrow to His friends, and yon may do the In thns speaking onr Lord affords as the best of help, for His fellow-feeling is a grand support. Did ' He Bay, "Now is My soul troubled?" and did He i scarce know what to ask? Bnt did He at the last still triumph and resign Himself into the Father's hands? Then, girt abont by the eelfsame power, | we also will encounter the same sorrow after onr measure and endure until we triumph as He did- ! Even though in the triumph there should he clear evidence of our personal weakness, yet we will not regret it, since by that means cur God shall be the more Bnrely glorified by the more distinct revelation of His power. I will [say no more abont the trouble of our Be deemer, because I would now ask you to fix your thoughts for a minute upon the firm resolve which the text sets forth. There is a battle, but from the very first moment to the last of it there is really no question in the Saviour's mind abont what He means to do; His purpose was settled beyond disturbance. The surface of his mind was ruffled, but deep down in HiB heart the current of the Bedeemer'a soul flowed on Irresistibly in the ordained channel. He was even straitened till He had been baptised with the appointed baptism. Observe the question raised, and see how really it was answered in His heart before He aBked it. "How is my sonl troubled; and what Bhalllsay? Father, save me from this hour." Must men be unsaved and Jesus be delivered from the towering storm? If so, yonder Greeks need not ask fa tlim far ttmro mill ha nn Ufa In a fanfc" at. to see Him, for there will be no " life in a look" at Him. The disciples round abont need not cling to Him as their helper, for there is no help in Him, ai mm no iucu uoifrai, lui iiuore ia uu uwp ui uiuii unless he dies to redeem the sons of men. Shall men, then, be unredeemed? Shall the blood of atonement be unspilt, and no man be ransomed from going down to the pit? Shall He remain alone, the grain of wheat nnsown? If He doth, He will be happy enough and glorious enough, for Heaven is all His own. Does ne need men to make Him blessed? Does he require worms of the dust to make Him glorious? Should he remain alone He will still be God and Lord. But shall the death penalty be left to he borne by men, guilty men, who deserve to bear it ? Shall there be no cross, no Calvary, no open tomb, no resurrection, no gates of Heaven set wide open for coming souls? There is the question, and you see hi the text how resolutely Jesus had settled it. He says hi effect—" Father, glorify Thy name by my death; for this purpose have I come to this hour, that by my agony and bloody sweat, by my cross and passion, I may redeem the sons of men. Redeemed they must and shall be, coBt me what it may. I have resolved to bear the penalty, and magnify Thy law, and I will perform it, though bell itself be let loose against me and ail its waves of fire dash over me. I will endure the cross and despise tbe shame to honour Thee; my Father." Observe right well that the text indicates the deep intent which steadied our Lord's resolve. Why is Christ resolved to die ? Is it to save men? Yes, but not as the chief reason. His first prayer is not "Father, save Thy people," but "Father, glorify Thy name." The glory of God was tbe chief end and object of our Saviour's life and death. It is that the Father's name may be illustrious that Jesus would have souls redeemed. His passion had for its main intent the exhibition of tbe attributes of God. And how completely He has glorified Jehovah's name t Upon the cross we see the Divine justice in the wounds of tbe Great Substitute, for the Son of God mnst needs dio when sin is laid upon Him. There also yon behold infinite wisdom, for what bnt infallible wisdom could have devised the way whereby Godmightbe just and yet the-justi fier of him that believeth. There, too, is love—rich, free boundless love—never so conspicuous as in the death of man's Bedeemer. Till this day it still re mains a question concerning tbe atonement which of the letters best is writ, the justice, the wisdom, or the love. In t he atonement the divine attributes are all so perfectly glorified tbat no one crowds oat the other: each one nas its fall display without in the least degree diminishing the glory of any other. Our blessed Lord, that the Father might be glori fied, pushed on to the end which He had set before Him. Whatever conflict michtbe within Hiaspirit His heart was fixed upon bearing to the death our load, and suffering to the end our penalty. n. Now we will use our text in reference to our selves. Sometimes we are in snch a condition that we do not know which way to turn. We are in great affliction; it may not be so much outward trouble as distress of mind, which is worst of all. The water has leaked into the ship, and that is worse than an ocean outside. The vessel begins to fill; you use the pnmps, but cannot keep it under. At such times yon cry, "What shall I do? What shall I say? Where can I look ? I am oppressed and over whelmed?" Bnt there is an end of the conflict when you turn round and cry, "Father! Father!" A child may have lost its way, and it may be sobbing its heart out in its distress; but the moment it sees its father it is loBt no longeT, it haB found its way and is at rest. Though there may be no difference in your positon nor change in your circumstances, yet if you catch a sight of your Heavenly Father It is enough; yon are a lost child no more. When you. can pray, "Father, glorify Thy name," then there is no more question about "What shall I say?" You have saia the right thing, and there let it end. Our text breathes a spirit which is the surrender of self. When a man can truly say, "Father, glorify Thy name," he begins to understand that saying of our Saviour concerning the com of wheat falling into the ground and dying, for that prayer means, " Lord, dowbat Thou wilt with me. I will make no stipulations, but leave all to Thee. Be member that I am dust, and deal tenderly with me, but still glorify Thy name. Do not spare me, if thereby Thon wouldat be less glorious. Act not according to my foolish wishes or childish desires, bnt glorify Thy name in me by any means and by all means." The prayer means—I am willing to be made nothing of, so that Thy will maybe done. I am willing to be as one dead and buried, forgotten and unknown, if Thou mayest he magnified. I am ready to be buried and sown because I believe that this is the way by which I shall grow and bring forth fruit to Thy praise. This surrender includes obedient service, for onr great Master goes on to say, " If any man serve Me, let him follow Me." True self-renunciation shows itself inithe obedient imitation of Christ. "Father, glorify Thy name,1' means wafting the Lord's bid ding and running in His ways. If tbe petition be written out at length, it runs thus:—"Help me to copy my Saviour's example, help me to follow in Hl» blessed footsteps! This is my desire; passively to honour my HeavenlyFather by bearing His will, and actively to glorify Him by doing His wilL Lord help me to do both of these, and never let me be forgetful that I am not my own, bnt wholly my Lonl's." Tbe prayer appears to me to he most properly need when it is made a personal one—"Father, glorify Thy name in me. I am the recipient of so much merry, get some glory out of me, I pray Thee." We desire the Loid to glorify that name in our selves by preventing our impatience in suffering, and keeping ns from famtness in labour. We beseech onr Heavenly Father to destroy our selfish ness, to cast ont our pride, and to overcome every evil propensity which would prevent His getting glory ont of ns. How, aee how that care is divested of all sorrow by onr casting it upon God. The prayer is not "Father, help me to glorify Thy name/*bnt it is Father, glorify Thy name"—Thjself. ^Thj^glor^Ig j too much for me to compass, do Thou t, , own self. In Thy providence so arrange my position and condition as to glorify Thy name. By Thy grace so sustain me, and sanctify me, that I may glorify Thee. I cannot do it, but Thon canst, ana the care which I was glad to feel I am glad also to bring by faith to Thee. And now if yon can pray in that fashion your con fidence will come back to yon; If yon nave been greatly distracted calm peace will visit you again, for now you will My, "I will boar the Lord's .will1 and will be content therewith. I cannot qnatrcd with Master's dealings any more, for I have asked Him to glorify His name, and as I know that He is doing it, I cannot murmur. How can I struggle against that which is really glorifying my Father? Your heart will cease to question and to quake, and nestle down beneath the eternal wings in deep and happy peace. Why, sometimes it seems to me that it were worth while to pray to be bnrned at a staie. qulck to the death, If by martyrdom we could glorify God. t could not desire such a death, and yet from one point of view I bare often envied martyrs those ruby crowns which they cast at the feet of their dear Lord. How honourable in tbem to have glorified God by eo mnch Buffering. Sorely he Is the*grandest creature God has made who glorifies Him most. And who Is be? Hot the tall arch angel of. whom Milton sings, whoso wand might make a mast for some great admiral, but the mosb insignificant nobody, who has lain long upon her bed of weariness, and there has praised the Lord by perfect patience:—She, though apparently the least, may be the greatest glotlfierof (he Bather. That which most thoroughly yields itself toQod, that which most completely annihilates itseli into the eternal All—is most glorifying to Him. May God of His infinite mercy bring us to this self annihilation, this care for his glory only. Strive after It, beloved, by the powers of the Holy Ghost. 