LATE SPORTING. w Bt ' AuauB'g Ghost.' Sportsmen's Guide. Jan. 1. — Nakan'deea Posy and Galloway Club's Races. ' Jan. 1 aud 2.— Hat Jockey Club. Feb. 6 and 7.— M ubeumbdbbah Tobp Club Feb 14 and 15. — Cooiamundra Toef Club The ancient' Little John, who a few years ago was a particularly smart hurdle cliaser, was given a run among the penies at Coatamundra on Tuesday, but so dotty was the little bay on his pins that he eraoked up soon after the flag fell and was pulled. Little John now does duty in the shafts of his owner's 'euggy. ? . ? At the Wi luinstown Races on Monday ? last, J5, with 8st 71b, completely smothered the fair field opposed to bun .in the Christ mas Gift, 6 furlongs, leaving the dietanoe behind him in lmin 15J sees. 1T* must have an AI show in the Stincliah Handicap. Tho NewtownCWagga; olub journeyed to Coolamon om Tuesday to try conolasions with with tne Coolamoa club -saya 'ths ' Ex presi'). The latter in their first innings fan np a total of 125 runs before the last wiuket fell, Selby (tl)and Noonan (33) beinp the chief soorers. The Noirtown replied with a total of 91, Perriman(44) bsing the prinoipal ooniributor.' ~ In their s«oond innings the CooUmon team had lost t wiokets for 119 runs when time was called, Selby, ssoring 51, and Noonan (not ont) 39. Th* match, therefore resulted in a wia for tha Coolamoa ites on the first innings by 31 runs. It is probable that ths return match will bt played at Wagga on |2Stb January next. The following A.J.O. rules bear npon the protest against Sharpshooter, the winner of the Whitton Flying Handicap, for not hav ing been, nominated by his owner, from which it would appear that the committee's dismiaal of the protest was right, whatever grounds they may have based their decitio^ upon. I haven't heard, '? however, whethelj the nsminator has paid tha £5 yet. The rules are: — Rule 20: — 'Any person entering a horse for any race shall declare the name of the bona-fide owner, or if more than one, of all the bona-fide owners of the said . horse, and of all pecsous in anywise interested direotly or indirectly therein. And if such person shall fail to make suoh declaration, or if it shall be proved to the satisfactioo-of the Committee that the 'declaration,- 'when made, is in any respect untrue, then the entry or entries of such horse shall be deemed invalid, and the stakes paid for such entry or entries forfeited for the benefit of the raes or races in which the- horse is entered.' Rule 33 : — ' Any entry mt^s con trary to these rules shall he ' invalid unless the committee be satisfied that the horse intended to 'be entered is sufficiently identified, aud that there is no r&ua;^^ tjsuBpfect fraud. If bo sitisfied they may per Jjnit any. accidental or inadvertent «rror or ^mission to be corrected or supplied upon payment of a fee of Five Pounds.'- Eule 134:— 'No objection 6n the ground of uisdescription, or of error or omission in ad entry, Shall be entertained after a race, unless a charge of fraudulent entry, or of tunninf a hone under a fraudulently false description be preferred in connection there be seen that rule 134 also bears on the same with.' Mr J. E. Bum, captian of the Broken Hill bicycle club, armed in Narandera on Friday last, on his bicycle, resuming his journey on Saturday. Mr Bridle left Broken Hill on the 14th met., and journexed here via ICenindie, Clare, Oxley, Maude-, Hay Carrathool, Darlington Point, and Whitton. The distance travelled » over 600 miles. The fastest run of the journey Iras from a peiui 45 miles on the west side of Oxley to Hay, a distance of about 110 miles, which was covered in 14 hours. The cyclist left Nnrandera for Tumut, which town he expected to reach on Sunday morn ing. It was 7 p.m. when be left Narandera and be expected to make Tumut in thirteen hours ? i good performance if accomplished. At Tumut he proposed to remain a few days before contiuuing his journey to Sydney. While on his return to the colonies from England, C. T. B. Turn-;-~iie Australian bowler, was interviewed at Colombo by a re presentative of the ' Times of Ceylon.' In that interview Turner expressed the opinion that bad orioket was the sole cause of their defeats. Tho bowlers, he explained, failed whenever they were wanted. The fielding wan simply bad, the catches missed were in numerable, and lost many a match. As am illustration, he mentioned that three catches were missed off three successive bat's he bowled against the North of England atltan and out.' The team he {declared to be the worst ever sent from Australia, and some ot its performances in representative matches were unworthy of a second- class oounty. Jake Gaudaur, the American oarsman, has challenged T. Sullivan, the New Zealand scolltr, who is in England, to raw a ecullinjr match in Texas for fiOOdol a-side, and, and ffen to allow Sullivan his expenses. The spnrts gathering -held by the em ployes of Biverina Chilled Meat Works on Monday, eventuated successfully,- a-rlfirtfe, iinmbtr of townspeople attending, and t proceedings being enlivened by the bane Everything moved smoothly, nothwithstand etanding the hurried way in which the gathering was arranged, secretary (enter prising Tom Duffy) and committee supplying the lubricant in the form of energy, and brains. Following are the results :— Open- ing Handicap— J. Pierce, 10yds, 1 ; W. Goddard, 12yds, 2. Boy's Race— J.Dixon, 1; W. Smith, 2. Butchers' Handicap— Oiles, J ; 6. Jones, 2. Hop-step-and-jump — Kennedy, 40ft, 1. Laborer's Handicap— B. Adams, 1 ; T. Brown, 2. Old Buffer's Race » — J. Buchanan, I ; Harry, 2. Threelegged race— J. fierce anrt rr. lioddiiM, 1. Warner! Men's Race— P. Keighran, 1; J. Smith, 2. 'B.n.M.W. Handicap -L. Savage, 1; G. Jones, 2. Anothur -iaj's sports will be ar ranged shortly. Tom Dnfty is trying to organisea Riverina Chilled Meat Works cricket team. 