HOW -SHALL WE - DEĆIDE THffi If y r c': ftOESMONI.-V ; Nowi whichisŁthewor«e—4o have*uo ap.: petite for your dinner, or to have' no dinner for yourśppetite? .- There are lots of people on the one ode or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on -appetite, and -health on* both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in.that <way.; we: either have too much food witbont an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will angfrer this question differently, but.the .common seg^e of it .is that, withrn reawyBWelijnita it is better to have an ap- — — ńtadmner, .because, short "of the ion lire, a hnpgry man is a healthy jm^ j owhtteas a man who ought to eat and "dosm't. ;feSeł like eating, stands in needof ł" alt^tiónsand^repairs." - : :. . . fTo illustrate. • We recently received a' communication in, which the writer says, "IwMalraid' - Did -he, ftney his fooS -wa» poisoned, did his nature , rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ! Let him clear the mystery himself. - ' ... "" • ' ' He says, " In theye*r l8891 (hanged my wioilifeom'nulway iporter to ognalman. 1 lwd%eeh*ignalman twdve months, and then alUtonc*, BO-to apeak, Idid'notfeelmyaelf. My. ^ t h te bad, ao &at; ordinary I g B S ^ l S ^ B ^ L l tohavehbthingto ray.tolhenu' One tMng me down the middle ,»nd Wlow Spr-tomd 'V- ^ -««biub4b anfl my appeitopoor, -.with ysina .through -the<Aist^ad i l g g m i s i » „ 1. dreaded," he says, "the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. " "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and. felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep " What he means hy the fear of " something going to happen" is of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of bis position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. Tins was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the lifehearei), his unstrnng nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always fnll of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he savB " I stuck to my work, for I bad a wife and family deending on me. So I strngcled on, bnt what -suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one suffered so much as I have done." \- In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There i« a conntfess multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment bad left him where it fonnd him he chanced to read in a book a'case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says. " got me a bottle at Mr LangstafTs, in' Woodles r ord, and after using its content^ the^ai^m'nt Jeftzne-and £has hever "returned since that fortunite day. I should like the whole world to know what it.did for me. I have been employed by the Midlacd Railway Cnmrany for eleven years. \- (Signed) «' Georgk Hunt, " Car Bottom Pond, " Apperly Bridge, near Leeds." We publioh this by Mr Hnnfs desire, in order that part of the world at large may know how thankful he is and for what 