CHURCH GF ENSLAHD SYNOD- ? 1 (BYELE0T8IC TELEGRAM.) ? - HOBABT. APRIL II. The second session of the twelfth synod of .the; diocese of Tasmania . was opened to-day*at 11 a.m., whaa Holy Communion was celebrated at St. David's Cathedral,, the celebrant being the Bishop of Tasmania, assisted by Dean Dundas, The synod met in the SynodHall«t 7i80' p.m., His Lordship tbe Bishop pfenning, rrayers were read by the Rev. Canon lA£fmj!/r&fter; which the roll waB called by ^ejworbtarjr/ . j ! ' CLE^KE' StTP-EBANNU ATION. AOT. , ! Thp Eev'.'W. H. Boot brought tip the fol lowing Synopsis of tbe Superannuation'Act : , — 1. Every clcrk in the diocese under' 65 years of age at the passing of the Aot, and every clerk who hereafter receives the ' Bishop's license, provided he ia not . over^ 46, j shall become contributors. 2. Tbe premium ! to ha £12 12s a year for clergy receiving ] £250 aud more a year, £9 9a for those re; ; ceiving nuder £250, £6 tis in those rt- | oeiving under £200. 8. The annuity to bej .£4 a' year up to £100 rvyear, hut no benefitcan j ?bereceivedf romthe fund until after payment ? of fivo premiums. 1. Any contributor may buy 'status, 6. If a contributor dies, bis widow or family will got back half his subscription. Tf be leave tbe diocr-se he will get the same, ? or he may still continue his membership by paying the premium. 6. The board can declare when a contributor is incapacitated, and the Bishop can then declare the^ cure I vacant' 7. The .fund is to be investigated I every five yeianjfor re-adjustment. I The Bev. Mr Boot Tnoved— ' That the I clerk's superannuation fund hill be read a first titis;'' 4 This was agreed to, acd the second read in£ was£et down for next day. The 'report wbj tabled. OHUROBWABDBHB, . Mr Belstead (in the absenoe of ..the Bev. Oanon Finnis) brought np the report of 'the select committee regarding the appointment of churchwardens, and moved that it be considered next day. Carried. y ' THE BIBHOP'B ADDBESB. « ' f^he sessional orders having been adopted tbe Bishop read the opening address, which occupied one hour and twenty minutes, and in the course of its delivery was frequently applauded. Wo take the following from tbe address : — '? J! My rev.' brethren and brethren of the laity— The ideal I put before myself in my to the synod is a comprehensive one. 1 would not willingly omit to mention to you any leading events in that large body of ^vhich we ''form a part, tbe Church in Australia and Tasmania. There are also some still greater questions affecting the whole Cburch and humanity at large, which I must face and study, and with all humility lay the result of my best « thoughts before you at (he commencement of our solemn session, and I would be unworthy of my position if I could not fed tlie pulse of the diocese for yon, and mark the lessons taught by statistics, and by the work of clergy and laity alike, No one can have so com prehensive a view of our common life than I, and no one should speak bo sympatheti cally of all earnest workers as the occupant of this chair. We have had but few changes in oar staff of clergy, tbe Bev. H. Davis has. returned to England, and death deprived us of one of our oldest and re spected brethren ; the Bev. Thomas Garrard, after spending a lifetime in tbe Church's work at Macquarie Plains, has been gathered to his rest. The death has also taken place of tbe Bev. fi. B. Fookes, M. A., one of the oldest of the clergy. The Bev.' Webster has brought strength' to the Holy Trinity, Launceston, axid the Bev. Turnbnll is doing a vigorous ; work at Macquarie Plains. Movements within the diocese have been numerous, and nothing, 1 think, since I came among you hat given me greater anxiety than the changes that have taken place at Bothwell, ; Deloraine, Circular Head, Bt. Leonards, Perth, Waratah.and Macquarlc Plains. The patronage council moves slowly, and some' times exhibits an inability to come to a con clusion, and I hare to content my soul in sympathetic patience, and 1 would not en large upon tbe injury that a parish can sus tain when it has been for four months with out a recognised incumbent. |n more than one instance I have called upon clergymen to leave parishes where tbey were happy and deservedly loved by their people in order to bigin again among strangers. My appeal was instantly accepted. '* Happy is the diosese which possesses such soldier spirits, when, in the view of its soas, duty comes first, aud personal comfort is not weighed in the balance.' Gentlemen, i sbaii *iways act in this manner. I warn you that if you give me the right to appoint to any of your wishes, I shall not hesitate to rob other oenlres, if this Btep is needed, working for the good of all, and believing that by the good hand of God upon me I may build up the whole Church, apd neglect none of jon. Thi most marked development of the Church's work during the past 18 nionths has appeared at George's Bay, and trust that when we next meet in synod you will not grudge my request to put this district upon the general f and. During the year churches have been consecrated at Fern Tree, Glen Era, Conara, South Arm, Whitofoord Hills, Derby, Barren Island, Langley, Coppington and Strahan, while parsonages have been erected at SbeOleld and Longford, schools at Glenorchy and Qucenborongh, and I have ordained three deacons, the Bev*. Plant, Oopelaud, and B. de Coetlogon. 1 believe I that there is room for a separate parish between St. Davtt's and Holy Trinifcr, where a large number of our children are baptised is oar church^, but not present in our 8unday*«ehools. No one can scan the pre sent position of the Church in Launceston without noticing the grievous lack of clergy. At least three more are needed if we are to tend the people baptised in our cunrohes. Both in Hobart and Launceston the work of attending tho hospitals, gaols, homes, and State schools, is a 'most perioos burden upon the clergy. Indeed, I have been seriously alarmed at the signs of overwork among our city clergy. Next to the cities the North' West Coast is our chief centre of Interest. 1 have recognised this in the most distinct manner by asking the Bev. A. Beresford, whose praise is in the churches, to make Ulverstoae tbe centre of Church life in that region, and 1 have asked him to accept a canonry that he may carry with him what dignity we can bestow, not only as a recognition of bis piat work, but an augnry of that which we con fidently expict in the future. Parishes have decreased their contributions to their clergy by tbe sum of £BtO during the past year, and on the other hand the of »11 collections in churches have inoreaseo oy £250. There are 11 more licensed churches this year, and five more nnconsccrated buildings used for worship; 422 additional sundry services have been held, and an in crease of 106 on week days. Public cele brations have increased by 212, baptisms have increased by 115, the total being 2307. Mamages by banns have increased froui five to 18 ; by license a decrease from 296 to 272\. Burials have increased by tiO. Our Sunday schools show an upward tend, 632 is the increase for tbe year, with an addi tion to our list cf teachers. The clergy will know that I have asked tUem *or s:v?.r^ returns which are not upon the printed Ijtt. Tiic number of our communicants is more fully returned than It u«ed to be; but the question has to be asked, bow often those communicants communicated. Tho return is tucrosjpbly miaun lerstooi und is far from complete ycfcj but the answer given this year ii that their at ten* dances of 4400 communicants in 1892 were 2k-,687. A return which is of extreme value baB not bum commented upau beforj in the bishop's address.! 1 m-iftu that which has refer ence to religious reading in our St^te schools The amount of instructions is large, and _ I thankfully rccognise tbe willing labor of tho *iar-r«r- The teaching (riven in State schools is every whit as important as that given in lhe Sunday sohools. I look np0B th.18 , partment of work is of quite ptujeicBS value. St. George's, Hobart, heads the list with 140 instructions In the j ear, not a single parsh in the Southern Archdeaconry bas failed to give Instructions ; five iu the Northern Archdeaconry has faqea in ttiis most important duty j 1 have taken M n« re turns' to mean work not done. This rcta™ is for the year 1891, the later year statistics not being complete. I have not been able during the year to undertake any i-ina voce examinations, but Mr Woolnougb's report on the written examinations is before synod. My own work dnrlng 18921 took me a good deal ftom . Hobart, in addition to an absence of 4J months on my Mclanesian tour. 1 confirmed 6S0 candidates in centres. It is our hope that tbe bebuti fnl and spaciocs chancrl, side chapel, and vestries at St. Davil's Cathedral will be completed this year, and that 5'0«.WXJ'_J® invited to tbe consacration *»rly m The community residing at Barren IsHnd, #ofl»pojed almost entirel. of half-castes, have 1 buOt a beautiful church, free of nil w)i', giving their time and labor without paymeai : for nionths : but some £80 is still oving, for which 1 made myself personally liable. The Church of the Epiphany at Barren Island stands with open doors night and day. The : .House of Mercy in Hobart is still doing its ' ?duty, and is still being abundantly blec&ed;', though there are incessant anxieties, and there is need for constant watchfulness. Miss Shoobridge is at present a probationer at Launceston connected with the Melbourne 3)eaconess Association. I shall be glad when we can have such an institution firmly established in our dioc:Be. Such a step will not be taken without the approval of ayfaod first. The Church in Australia is to be con* : gratnlated upon the accession of Bishop Chalmers to the episcopal bench, and Goulburn will see the iIatb of increasing prosperity. Brisbane has been divided, and oockhampton has its own bishop. For my part, I long for the day when we may hi. ve closer union with neighboring dioceses ; not only would it strengthen, in my oninlon,the dioceses so incorporated, but provinces com Soscd of united and eameBt churchmen.' baling with his visit to Melanesia and foreign missions, His Lordship saidi-fll ^ ooui-csBea inai waen i iook at trie returns from our parishes I am disheartened wlien 1 discover that apparently 14 parishe? To the Northern, and 4 in tho Southern, Arch deaconry had contributed nothing whatever to any missionary cause in 1892. The amount collec'ed for foreign miaulous last year was £167, in oar schools £109, Ne* Fouudland fund £118; total,. £394. This does not include efforts outside the cburch : end school, and is therefore quite', unsatis- ' factory, and I take this opportunity ftf^tat ing my determination that, as I refuse to be a bar to the ingress of any -Spiritual 4prce of . whatever party into the dlocesi,' ' lib I am i ready to assist egress of all fprcejiigcted by us for the welfare of 'mai∈{i\^fi the enlargement of the Churcn oi^God,1 believing that those who water others will assuredly be watered. No one who loves the Church of England can fail to be overjoyed at the decision of the Privy Council, which upheld practically the whole ot the Lambeth judgment.' Vflt supports thousands of loyal chnrchtnenjin the ritual familiar to tbem from ohildh^d, and whilst it gives liberty to somS, it 'cur*, tails the freedom of none If called npon to give « formal judgment upon aasypoints, by ?' tnose wbo nave a ngnt to sjk ior ii, i should base my decisions upon the judgment of the Archbishop. I am yearly more rcon firmed In my opinion that it is my dnlyto welcome all spiritual forees-^among -men zealous for the Blaster's cause, if we can possibly include them in the wide ^i&its; of the Cburch, regardless of the fact whether I personally agree with them or sot, regard less also of the direction in which they m *y tend. Let the currents of spiritual power flow freely through us ; they will give us the one thing most naeJful— real life, their exoesses we must temper with our common sense ; aud never, never may we become here the Church of one party. From that error may God ever keep ns. T^wonld ask you to now look back at the events of the last fifteen months, note the spiritual forces which have* passed through us— there has been diversity enough among them, a misnomer tp ourselves, a deputation from a great missionary society, a band of sisters, and the first beginning of a deaooness institution. Probably no one has been attracted by all four -alike, but there is no one who possesses any spiritual earnestness wbo has not been attracted by one or other of them at least, and all claim to be churchmen as loyal as any in this synod, i. would resist to the utmost any 1 attempt to force Upon yon diocesan schemes regarding which a large majority has sus picions. On the other band, parishes have also their individual rights, when a parish, together with its pastor, welcomes a new and novel organisation of any sort, which is within the limits of tbe Church, it would be an unpardonable sin for any other parish to interfere, and I would resist lo the utmost any such interference in defmc j of the undoubted right of a parish to be a free agent under the bishop's government. After all, what yon look most auxiously for in a bishop is, I believe, the spirit of firmneFB and of common sense There arc many g'.ts I covet earnestly, that 1 might, by their meaus, be a worthy leader among you. Yoq will understand, after what 1 have said, that most qE all I should pray for a 'right judgment in all things/ The Archbishop of Canterbury has fixed 16?7 for the fourth meeting of Anglican bishops. It will be tbe 1300th anniversary of ., onr first English Archbishop, and a fitting occasion for so fruitful a conference. Daring the past 20 fe^rs tbe sons of the Church have volnu arily given £20,000,000 for the building aid restoring of ohurohes in EngUnd nloae, How many millions havo been spent in education ? It may be as nothiug ones more to what the Christian bodies in Eng land ought to have given for foreign mis sions ; still another *20,000,000 have been given by them in the last 20 years. 1 con gratulate you as members of the Church npon tbe iganqer in which we have been able to pass through the present finsqcial crisis. There are few, indeed, who have not felt the strain, but no parish has been neglected or left without a paator. Give due credit to your church trustees and your diQ£esan secretary, for the ceasa lesB watchfulness aqd wise manage ment they extroise througbo'ur tbe year. 1 congratulate yon sj cititens upon your infant University, and npon the opportuni ties of education, both iu the University courses and in the University extension lectures ; and I would also press upon }ou, especially in country placcs, the Australa sian Home Beading Usiog as a real haud word to higher assisted studies. We suffer from a fault common to smull communities , where the standard of society is not always a high one, and where men know a great I deal about'eaeh other, have f,his against I Tasmania that her sous do not show 1 righteous indignation aj^inet open 'sin. Smouldering under the surface there is in j the hearts of many that I know a discontent, j a feeling of corperate disquiet, because open and notorious gins are couponed, penalties are not exacted, and society tafees no action. In the last tco years, no man oan deny It, Hpeflp have been done in Tasmania whiah call a blush to the cheek of any right minded man, aye, and woman, too ; yet the flowing indignation does not burst out, the spark which 1 am SQro exists still smoulders In conclusion, we have our special faults my brethren, the clergy have theirs and the laity thein ; but we all have our good qualities as well. These last are predominant during our synod meeting. All of 30a will certainly visit the half completed cathedral in the next few days. Whilst you are inspecting the work you will notice bov the ground is covered in all directions with out stones, some lying : b 7 themselves, others heaped up, but not in order, one above the other. Bo far it will be looking upon a very fair representation of the views of manv excellent Christiana upon a very deep question. Tbey consider that the one t^ing needful is to be pa iahed aud cut stones, awakened, converted, possibly baptised; but there the thing needful caases, and they are indifferent what is done next with those stones so well cut. It fom^tim-'B seems to sne as if some Christian people believe they are so dressed In the Great (^ison's yard simply to lie about till Judg ment D*y. New look up at the stately fabric rising slowly before you 1 what lesson does It teach you of truest Christian life ? That when you are takes lQ bmd fay ihe Gre*t Mason it is in order to at you, not for yourself alone, but to live in olosest unity with your neighbor stone. Let each of us rea lee that we detail all questions overph^dowed by the power of the Holy Ghost, who, as He has blessed, in age after age, the deliberations of Christian men, is with us to-day to aid our speech and strengthen our judgment, and fill us with tfoe spirit of charity. Invoking His saorod aid, f now call upon you to com* mcnce your labors in cburoh and oouhtry for aorlh and south and east and west. There is no distinction between ns. It is enough rgws^rd if it be said of us that we, in our lime, laid true and perfect a few more layers in tbe great temple of the Obprph of God, and never shall nave caused regret to those wbo shall follow ns. 80 we fall to work, taking as our motto words cut iu lcLters ftf gold on the eastern facc pf our cathedral, and shining the sunrise morn ing after morning -r- ' *&jorm; Jiei , j lor lam. n 1 6T. DAVTD'6 PARISH LOAKB. Mr W. Lovett moved for leave to intro duce a bill to consolidate the loans of St. David's parish, to enable the trustefs of the property of the Church of England to bo r iw the sum of £3850, to make additions tn the diocesan registry and book dep6t builditg, and for consolidating oertain loans now chargeable upon the revenues of tthe parish of St. David's, Hobart. ?? ii * £ Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for Thursday, THR CATUKDCIaTj AOT. Dean DuuJ&s; move-.l for leave to intro duce a bill 'to amend the Cathedral Act No. 1, 1886, to the following end : — 1. IL shall be lawful for the Dean to appoint a sub-Dean, wbo shall hold office during pleasure. 2. The Blsbop.may appoint tbe sub-Dean Canon 8\. During any absence of 'rthe Daan from the diocese, 4he sub -Dean., or if ttitre be no sub'Dian, the Dean's loom. fefhwu, .shall be a member of tbe Cathedral board ; and during any vacancy in the office ot Dean, -the clergyman appointed by tbe Bishop to .pailorm tho duties of inoumbent I shall be a memb:-r of the raid board. 4. The : Cathedral board may. make roles as to tbe , number who shall form a quorum. ? - The bill was read a first time, and the second reading was lixed for Thursday. ADMINISTRATOR OP DIOOBSE Mr Lovet moved, M That the synod hereby directs the insertion in the estimates -of the sam of £100 as aa honorarium to the ad ministrator of the diocese for services ren dered during the absence of the Bishop in the year 1892.' The Hev. Mr Buckncll seconded the . Mr V. Tarlcton said it was well-known that the Dean would not accept the honorarium if passed ; therefore, he sug gested that the motion be withdrawn. . The Bishop ruled the motion out of order. The Bev. Cauoa Adams moved, ' That the hoarty thanks of the synod be accorded to Dean Dundas.for the excellent services ren dered by him in the administration of the diocese during tbe absence of the Bishop.' Mr Tarleton seconded the motion, and warmly eulogised the Dean for tbe able way in which lie had curried out the duties of the- diooese duiing bis term of office as ad-: minis trator. Carried. ,-„l^lENKEAL OBUBOR FUND,, 1 Dean Dundas moved, 1. 'That the 'in-! terest on invested capital' be kebt distinct' from the * general church fund/ That in co' '-case ot a grant-in-aid to parochial, stipend shall a mm exceeding £50 be. charged to the interest bn invested capital, . and that every sum so charged shall be '- diminished by 6 per cent, each yeaT.' 9. 'That the organising duties in connection; -with the general church fund be separated from the office of diocesan secretary.' Dr, Crouch seconded' the motion AfterdlBcussion the first part of the reso lution was referred to a selest committee to : report upon to the'uext, synod. -Therseoopd- pkrt of jthe resolution was postponed ; till next day. ' ADJOURNMENT. The synod adjourned at C o'clock'till 2-80' p.m. next day. 