THE PRINCE OF ARIEDAM. By J.M.Waterhouse. CHAPTER II. Continued. The outcry from the onlookers reminded Halred that the feats of skill were being executed by Resga for his advantage, and that it was discourteous of him to let his attention wander. As he turned once more to watch her, she sprang into the nearest flower-cup, and sinking on her knees held out her lustre-circled arms to the prince in an impassioned appeal. He started and flushed, but, with another bound, she vanished and with the falling of the curtain the whole scene disappeared. In a few moments, the crowd hurried from their seats, struggling and scrambling and blocking the entrances, in their endeavour to get one more glimpse of the enchantress. Halred stayed alone in his seat watching the hurrying people, and attended by his councillors. The young nobles had gone in pursuit of Resga. Ampha, in her cloudy white robes, stood near tbe principal entrance, waiting with her father for the moment of escape. From behind a small curtain near this door, Resga suddenly appeared, still attired as she had been during her ride, and placing herself at Ampha's side cast a look of triumph at the prince. He rose at once and came towards the two women, thinking as he walked ; " How false and tawdry Resga appears beside Ampha, who shines like a rare pearl, fallen amid a gorgeous rubbish heap. " Well prince ! What say you ?" Resga called as he came near. Excitement and overfed vanity coarsened the tones of her naturally harsh voice. " Have I not proved my divine right to be Queen of the Southern World ?" Ampha blushed deeply with shame. She felt that Resga forced her, as a woman, to share in her humiliation, for how, she thought, could a woman abuse herself more than by the utterance of these words. Halred bowed low, but the expression of his face was haughty and cold. " Let me render you thanks in my own name, and in that of my court," he said, " your grace and skill appear to us magical, the training or your horses is to our inexperience a marvel. We are duly grateful for the enjoyment which you have afforded to us." Resga laughed scornfully. " Let us go to the banquet !" she replied. " Yours is a nation of frost and ice, we must trust to our generous wines to warm you to responsiveness." Again the prince bowed, this time offering his hand to lead Resga to the banqueting tent. As the royal couple moved away, the oldest councillor stepped forward and begged in his own name, and in that of the senate, to be excused from attendance at the banquet, and pleading important state business as a reason for their absence. But Resga haughtily refused her permission for them to withdraw, and they were compelled unwillingly, to follow with the rest. Across a small open space, starry overhead, grassy under foot, they walked to an octagonal tent. From the broad, draped entrance came a flood of light and the tinkling sound of music. Behind the royal party came a hurrying, chattering concourse of men and women of all ages, commenting upon the late performance in undertones, nodding, greeting each other, jostling and exchanging smiles and remonstrances. The interior of this second tent was hung with draperies of every hue and shade, cunningly twisted and wreathed against wide sweeps of neutral colour. Resga's chief ministers were waiting, wand in hand, to conduct the guests to the severally appointed places of honour. Hand in hand, Halred and Resga ascended a flight of shallow wooden steps leading to a high, raised dais in the middle of the pavilion. Here a small table was spread for six persons, the seats of Halred and Resga were placed opposite to each other, under a canopy of fringed golden cloth. The general of Resga's army sat at her right hand, beside him a chair was placed for Ampha, the only woman who was admitted to the royal table. On either side of the prince sat Euthnor and the second councillor. Below the dais, the rest of the company found seats at different tables, each appointed with due regard to their rank. The feast was splendid in its profusion of rich dishes and strong wines served in jewelled cups and flagons of gold. But for all its dainties, its glow of colour, in spite of the grace and beauty there constellated, Halred and his friends found that feast a disagreeable ordeal. The manners of Ariedam differed widely from those of Ranyae ; the spectacle of a princess tearing apart her food with her fingers, eating voraciously and drinking wine to excess was disgusting to the leaders of a refined and self restrained people. When, as the feast went on and Resga's face grew flushed, she struck a servant in the face with a gold spoon for some fancied negligence. Halred felt that to sit longer at her table was unendurable, and was seeking in his mind for an opportunity to retire without giving offence to his hostess. Euthnor once more begged permission to withdraw, and this time the request was carelessly granted. Drink Halred, drink !" Resga cried, excitedly. " Time flies, and with it our youth. Away with the old fools who try to curb us ! Drink and forget them. I will fill your goblet. Speak not to yonder dreary ghost ! You and I are royal, in our veins flows the ruby --" But Halred had spoken to Ampha before the princess addressed him, and he listened eagerly for her low reply. " What !" screamed Resga. " Do you choose between that pale phantom and me ? I have watched you when you when you little knew the eyes that were upon you --" In the words that followed she insulted Ampha in the grossest language. Iscarres rose and led the terrified girl down the steps. " Madam !" said Halred, springing to his feet, " Iscarres is my honoured friend. An insult to him or his daughter is an insult to me. Except as your enemy I will appear in your presence no more." He reached the entrance door of the tent as soon as Ampha and Iscarres, regardless of Resga's wild cries to him to return. " Seize them ! Seize the thieves who polluted my tent with their presence," she shrieked, dashing flagons and goblets on to the floor in her fury. " May we entreat your highness to reflect," pleaded her minister. The prince is surrounded by his attendants. Any attempt to offer violence to those under his protection would be followed by an uproar, in which we should assuredly suffer severely." " What matter ?" asked Resga, in sullen contempt. " Only," replied the minister, " that there might be some score fewer of us to defend your royal highness in case your royal mission should fail." " Dotard ! Dare not to speak to me of failure !" Resga cried, angrily. Then with a quick change of mood, she cried, imploringly. " Follow Halred and beseech him to return. Say that I pass my hours in misery since I have seen him, because he spends them not with me." "Nay, dear lady," said the councillor, softened by her grief, yet shocked the words, 'were not the message of a maiden princess.' " Old dolt ! will you wear out your remaining days in a dungeon ? Bear to him my message saying also that Resga's vengeance upon her enemies is swift and sure." The old man, alarmed by Resga's glaring eyes and swollen face, rushed after Halred and reached him near the palace gates. Iscarres and his daughter were safe in their own house " I beg, I implore of you to return to pacify my royal mistress," he cried with clasped hands, the long white hair on his uncovered head blowing backward in tbe night breeze. " The princess is fiery of temper, but generous of heart and soon forgets her anger if we do not cross her will. For her own sake, for Iscarres and his daughter, I beg you to return." " It is impossible," said Halred, coldly. " Cease to importune me. Never again will I appear before your princess as a friend." " But your marriage ! Your royal highness cannot set aside --" " Peace, old man, and meddle not with that which concerns you not," said Halred sternly, and with a heavy sigh the aged minister called up his courage and returned to Resga. The interview to which Halred summoned his senate was brief. Some other business was despatched, and upon Euthnor putting a formal question to the prince, he declared that he repudiated the alliance destined for him. At once relieved and sorrowful, Euthnor prepared a scroll to send on the morrow to Resga's ministers, containing Halred's decision, " Many a widow and orphan must weep the wilfulness of Halred," he said, with a sigh. " This means war." " But," whispered one of the young councillors, " surely the princess with her strange ways is no mate for Halred." " Let him shut her in a dungeon," growled Euthnor, " when once the power is his. What matter such paltry differences compared with the nation's welfare ?" CHAPTER III. IN THE TEMPLE. On the following day Halred discussed with Iscarres the probability of war being declared by Resga against Ariedam. The prince was scarcely surprised to discover that Iscarres was a master of the science of war as practised in Europe. He was beginning to learn how rapidly life was lived in countries of the older civilization, and to learn in how many subjects a man must be versed who means to play an active part in the great work of the world. Iscarres gave a series of rapid sketches of some of the great battles of previous years with such vivid portraiture that Halred throbbed with the excitement of an actual spectator of the scenes described. The young man had begun to accept as a matter of course the fact that Iscarres could be acquainted with many forms of knowledge, and the discovery of his limitations in certain directions did not check his faith in the older man's wisdom. Iscarres talked with scarcely suppressed eagerness of the necessary preparation in case Resga's intentions should be hostile. " My opinion is that she has been laying her plans ever since her arrival, and now, I doubt not, she has sent messengers to Ranyae to desire that troops may be forwarded to Ariedam. Early this morning I saw the forms of horsemen riding far away across the desert. If she thinks to besiege our city, she will find that we have been beforehand with her, but I imagine that she will prefer the open plain of the desert. In any case, her plans will require the delay of some days, and we will avail ourselves to the full of that time." Before the two men separated, the senate was summoned to meet the Prince and Iscarres in the Alvan, and a scheme of defence in case of attack was laid out on lines which were entirely new both to the prince and to the senators. Iscarres had made a few hasty sketches of the city and its surroundings, and he when the meeting broke up, he went to his own house with the sketches in his hand, intending to work them out with careful detail, and to prepare the necessary maps and plans for action. (To be continued next week.) 