THE LORD OH THEATRES. London, October 13,1S93. There can be no doubt: whatever that the new comic opera at the Savoy is the best thing Gilbert and Sullivan (reunited at last) have done since "Patience." Mr. Gilbert's peculiar humor has grown subtler than ever. Some of his jokes indeed flew far over even the gallery's head, • and even the stalls had occasionally to think them out. But a more brilliant pungent satire on ourselves this king of sardonic sarcasm has never perpe trated. The book deals of course purely with contemporary .manners. It will be a3 much out of date 10 years henoe as "Patience" is to-day, and our grand children will wonder, no doubt, what we Eaw to laugh at in it. But the plot will take so long to reproduce. I must reserve further criticism and also remarks on Sullivan's musio. The full title of this production is "Utopia (Limited), or the Blowers of Progress," and the name contains in a condensed form the salient points of the plot. King Paramount, the Pirst King of Utopia (Mr. Rut land Barrington), is ruling with more or less comfort in the Land of Perfec tion. Upon the principle of the survival of the fittest, the Utopians-have discovered that the bast possible form of government is a "Despotism tempered by dynamite — an autocrat who dares nob abuse his autocratic power." To quote Tarara, the Public Ex ploder (Mr. Walter Passmore), "the Utopian monarch is a despot who although in theory absolute is in practice nothing of the kind, being watched day and night by two wise men whose duty it is on his very first lapse from political or social propriety to denounce him to the Publio Exploder, who then has to blow up his majesty with dynamite, who S3 some compensation for his wounded feel ings is allowed to reign in his stead." "The two wise men" are Scaphio (Mr. W. H. Denny) and Phantis (Mr. John LeHay). They have forced their charge to edit and write a "society" paper called The Palace Peeper in which imaginary royal irregularities are reported, and to produce a comic opera (entirely himself) in which he is held up to ridicule. King Paramount, who is an easy going monarch, puts up with this persecu tion, consoled with the thought that there is a humorous side to everything, and that his thraldom may be amusing, but he kioks at the "Palace Paper" and the comic opera in which his own personal peculiarities are burlesqued. It is while he is attempting to discover "where the joke comes in " m these last outrages that his eldest daughter, the Princess Zara (Miss Nancy Mcintosh), re turns from England, where she has carried all before her at Girtou. King Paramount, like the Japanese, is greatly taken with everything English, and besides sending his eldest child to Cambridge, has had her two younger sisters educated on the English plan by a model English governess, for whom he feels a carefully concealed affection. The Prinoess has brought with her from England Lord Dramaleigh, a British Lord Cfhamberlaiu (Mr. Scott Russell), Captain Sir Ed ward Corcoran, K. C. B., of the Royal Navy (Mr. Lawrence Gridley), Mr. Gold bur}-, a company promoter (Mr. Scott Eishe), Sir Bailey Barre, Q.C., M.P. j (Mr. Enos Beardmore), Mr. Blushington, of the County Council (Mr. Herbert Raband), and last but not least, Captain Eitzbattleaxe, First Life Guards (Mr. Charles Kingham). These gentlemen are "the Blowers of Pro gress and Progress," and the first aot ends in'one of them (the promoter) converting the Land of Perfection into an association under the Act, with the catching title of "Utopia (Limited)." He thus describes in a song, which was one of the most successful of the evening, the modus operandi of floating a company Some seven men form an Association (If possible, all Peers and Baronets), They start off with a public declaration To what extent they mean to pay their debts | That's called their Capital; if they are wary They will not quote it at a Bum immense. The figure's immaterial—it may vary Brom eighteen million down to eighteen-1 pence. I should pub it rabher low; The good sense of doing so Will be evident at once to any debtor. When it's left to you to say What amount you mean to pay, Why, the lower you can put it at, the better. When it's left to you to'say, &c.; They then proceed to trade with all who'll trust 'em, Quite irrespective of their capital (It's shady, but it's sanctified by custom); Bank, Railway, Loan, or Panama Canal. You can't embark on trading too tremendous— It's strictly fair, and based on common ■ sense— If you succeed, your profits are stupendous— And if you fail, pop goes your eighteen . : pence. Make the money-spinner spin ! Bor you only stand to win, And you'll never with dishonesty be twitted. Bor nobody can know, To a million or so, Tc what extent your capital's committed! If you come to grief, and creditors are craving (Bor nothing that is planned by mortal head Is certain in this Vale of Sorrow—Baving ■ That one's Liability iB Limited)— Do you suppose that signifies perdition ? If so you're bub a mouetary dunce— You merely file a Winding-up Petition, And start another Company at once? ' Though a Rothschild you may be In your own capaoity,' As a Compan j you've come to utter sorrow— But the Liquidators say, " Never mind—you needn't pay," So you start another Company to-morrow. In the second act we find that "Utopia (Limited)" has proved a great success. In the first scene we have made acquaintance with a lovely view' of one of the happy isles, a land surrounded by azure sky and azure water, and yielding golden palm-trees and silver strands._ In the next we have the " Throne Room in the Palace," a magnificent set in which • Oriental splendour is tastefully combined with the modulated effulgence of the electric light. Mr. Hawea Craven (by permission of Mr. Henry Irving) is re sponsible • for the soenery, and on this occa sion the veteran artist has beaten his own re cord. Captain Eitzbattleaxe, who has been in command of the escort of "Birsb Life Guards" • in attendance upon the Princess Zara on her voyage from England to Utopia, is paying his court _to the young lady. No difficulties are raised to his suit, nor to the pairing of the Lord Chamberlain and the Company Promoter (now raised to the dignity of Comptroller of the Utopian Household) with the Princesses Nakaya and Kalyba (Misses Emma Owen and Florence Perry). To inaugurate the company King Paramount holds a court at which all the forms of an English drawing-room are carefully copied, from the entrance of the state officials headed by the Gentlemen-at-Arms down to the last presentation of the youngest debutante. The King wears the uniform of an English field-marshal (which he deolares " to those who have been accustomed to the uncontrolled use of their limbs, is at first a little cramping"), and before holding his court, presides at a Cabinet council. He thus sums up the results of the working of the Limited Liability Act in Utopia:— Society has quite forsaken all her wicked courses, Which empties our police courts, and abolishes divorces. Chorcs, Divorce is nearly obsolete in England King. No tolerance we show to undeserv ing rank and splendor ; Bor the higher hi3 position is, the greater the offender. CH0RC3, That's a maxim that is pre valent in England. King. No peeress at our Drawing-room before the Presence passes Who wouldn't be accepted by the lower-middle classes. Eaob shady dame, whatever be her ranki iB bowed out neatly, j Chobus. In short this happy country has been Anglicised completely! Itjreally iB surprising What a thorough Anglicising We have brought about—Utopia's quite another land; In her enterprising movements, She is England—with improve ments, Which we dutifully offer to our motherland! King. Our city we have beautified—we've done it willy-nilly— And all that isn't Belgrave-square is Strand and Piccadilly. Chorus. We haven't any slummeries in England ! King. We have solved the labor question with discrimination polished, So poverty is obsolete aud hunger is abolished— Chorus. We are going to abolish it in England. King. The Chamberlain our native stage has purged, beyond a question, Of " risky" situation and indelicate suggestion. No piece is tolerated if it's costumed iudiscreetly— Cnonus. In Hhort, this happy country has been Anglicised completely 1 King. Our Peerage we've remodelled on an intellectual basis, Which certainly is rough on our hereditary races— Chorus. We are going to remodel it in England. King. The Brewers and the Cotton Lords no longer seek admission, And Literary Merit meets with proper recognition— Chorus. As Literary Merit does in England 1 King. Who knows but we may count among our intellectual chickens Like you, an Earl of Thackeray and p'r'aps a Duke of Dickens— Lord Eildes and Viscount Millais (when they come) we'll welcome sweetly— Chorus. In short, this happy country has been Anglicised completely! All goes well for a while until the Utopians come to the conclusion thab they are too perfect. Then there is a reaction, and the subjects of King Paramount clamor for a change of government. At this moment the Princess Zara remembers thab England owes her greatness to party feeling. She ex claims :— Government by Party! Introduce thab great and glorious element—at once the bulwark and foundation of England's great ness—and all will be well! No political measures will endure, because one Party will assuredly undo all that the other Party has done; inexperienced civilians will govern your army and your navy ; no social reforms will be attempted, because out of vice, squalor, and drunkenness no political capital is to be made; and while grouse is to be shot, and foxes worried to death, the legislative action of the country will be at a standstill. Then there will be sickness in plenty, endless law suits, crowded jails, interminable confusion in the army and navy, and, in short, general and unexampled prosperity ! The suggestion iB adopted with enthusiasm, Scaphio aud Phantis (who have been plotting against the state) are ordered into custody, aud all ends happily. King Paramount declares that from that moment government by party Bhould be adopted with all its attendant blessings, and henceforward Utopia should no longer be known as a Monarchy (Limited), but as something a great deal better a " Limited Monarchy 1" And with a return to a military chorus that bad welcomed the appearance of the Eirst Life Guards, the curtain falls for the second and last time. Mr. Gilbert's dialogue is full of good things. The author has obtained a reputa tion for scoffing at "the young person," and even in " Utopia (Limited)" he jeersatthemock modesty and prudish airs of the modern Miss. In revenge (as the French. would say) he has written an admirable song in praise of English maidenhood, the final verse of which is worth recording. And this excerpb shall be our last quotation :— Her soul is sweet as the ocean air, Eor prudery knows no haven there : To find mock modest}-, please apply To the conscious blush and the downcast eye. Rich in the things contentment brings, In every pure enjoyment wealthy, Blithe as a beautiful bird she sings, Eor body and mind are hale and healthy. Her eyes they thrill with right goodwill— Her heart is light as a floating feather— As pure and bright as the mountain rill Tnat leaps and laughs in the Highland heather. Go search the world and search the sea, Then come you home and sing with me, There's no such gold and no such pearl As a bright and beautiful English girl. Mr. Jno. Hare and the Garriok company, including Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft, are to appear at Balmoral in the famous revival of "Diplomacy" on the 2-ith inst. This is not the first time Mr. Ilare has been commanded to Court. Only last autumn he and his pro vincial company played "A Pair of Spec tacles" before her Majesty. Mr. H. B. Irving, jun., commonly known as Harry Irving, ha3 nob after ali left the stage. Those who have once tasted the glamor of the footlights seldom do. Mr. Irving will take the title role of Robert Buchanan's now play "Sheridan" when "Sowing the "Wind," likely to run a year or more, ceases to attract at the Comedy Theatre. "Not know G. W. Hunt?" said a soarlet beaked veteran to a pasty-faced office boy as they hobnobbed over their alcohol ab a West end music-ball and discussed the said Hunt's benefit. " Mr. Hunt, sir," avowed the speaker, "stopped bhe Rueso-Turkish war. He wrote, 1 We don't want to fight, but by jingo,' &c.;, and, mark you, we Britons sung it that 'earty night after night that the Czar rackernised — 'The Russians shall not 'ave Con-stan-ti-no- ple'—and guv up trying for it. As for Mr. 'Unt, the Sultan wrote 'im a letter of thanks for his kindly feelics towards the Turkish Empire. I reckon that letter aud a couple of ' quid' (sovereigns) was all he got out of the song. Bub Macder mott, he raked in the shekels proper." I actually overhead this conversation. An extremely comical and perhaps not alto gether impromptu addition was made to the programme of the Royal Aquarium entertain ment the other evening." During the antics of some knockabout artists a ghost is introduced, and one of the characters who is supposed to be terribly frightened thereat, rushes about the stage emitting most frantic yells, and en deavoring to escape from the spiritual visitant. The celebrated troupe of performing dogs which come next in the programme, and which were placidly waiting at the wings, beoame tremendously excited ab the noise, and suddenly rushed on the stage in a body and made for the ghost. The latter skipped on to a table in the centre of the stage, and there, surrounded by the whole barking pack, implored Bomeone to call off the dogs. Never, probably, did a spectre so entirely lose his dignity. The audience was convulsed with laughter, and it was some little time before the programme could be proceeded with. It struck a good many people after wards thab they had to thank Mr. Ritchie's advertising genius for this little diversion. Had the thing been entirely impromptu the ghost would certainly have been mauled by the collies, for his position on the table was no bar to their getting ab him had they desired to do so. Miss Loio Fuller, the introducer of ser pentine danoing, probably received the highest sum ever paid to a dancer in England. Her manager has just made a statement which fills one with a great wonder, qualified by a trifle of—some thing else. According to Mr. Grace, "La Loie'a" terms with the Gaiety management were that she should have one-half the gross receipts over £138, and if bhe receipts did not reach thab sum Bhe should receive nothing. A similar arrangement was made with Shaftes bury Theatre, the lady doing two "turns" per night. On the first evening Miss Fuller's share amounted to £1 from the Gaiety and "nix" from the Charing Cross-road house, but on the following Saturday the receipts had run up, so thab she was paid £93 by the Gaiety and £88 by the Shaftesbury, or a total for one evening's work of £1811 Both Miss Fuller and her manager are Americans "by birth and eduoation." The Drury LaDe pantomime box office is to be opened on Monday next. The preliminary "puff pars" are already in ciroulation, for, in accordanoe with his custom, Sir Augustus Harris haB lifted just a corner of the curtain and divulged a few stage secrets. The simple tale of Robinson.OruBoe is the dish chosen by Druriolanus for his patrons, bub it will bo garnished in the usual gorgeous Drury Lane fashion. A principal feature of the pantomime will be a magnificent procession—an "object lesson" for the nineteenth century child—to bet called " The history of England in twenty minutes." Sir Augustus has attempted some thing of this kind before, but the memory of all Drury Lane processions is to be effaced by the splendors of that of 1893. Ib will be the crowning effort in stage effeot of Sir Augustus's career. The company engaged is remarkably Btrong. Ada Blanohe, the best " boy" on the modern stage since Nellie Earren's retirement, will be Robinson Crusoe; Marie Lloyd will "wink the other eye" as Polly, the publican's daughter; and Dan Leno, the inimitable, is oast for Mr. Crusoe. Herbert Campbell of course will figure in the piece; no Drury Lane Bhow would be complete minuB that " fab funniosity." Eor the ballet scenes bhe incomparable Zuoohi has been specially engaged, and iEnea, after an absence of several years, will perform aerial flights among the wings and flies. The harle quinade is so be revived in "up to date" fashion, and the famous.Alberteiri has been engaged for harlequin. Harry Pain will of oourse.be clown. London, October 20. Despite the oharacteristio and amusing manifestoes of "Honest John" (Mr. Holliuga head) and an admirable band and chorus I fear' the operabio version of our venerable friend, "Green Bushes," is not likely to "catch on" with a modern audience. On Monday the humors of Jack Gong and Mr. Grinnidge, at which we are told our grandfathers held their sides, fell very flab. The onlookers felt more inclined to titter when Miami, the impassioned huntress in the wildest districts of America in 1747, descended from, the bridge whioh spans the ravine and began to warble a particularly up-to-date waltz measure to her lover. Mr. Gilbert has, to tell the truth, spoiled us for plays like Buokstono's old melo drama. Even without the music "Miami" would Beern full of iDoongruities, but the ballads and cavatinas and duets and choruses dropped in from time to time heighten its absurdity considerably. Not that Mr. Haydn Parry's score is weak. On the contrary, many of the numbers are melodious and oharming, and will be freely used in the drawing-room and on the eoncerb platform. Mrs. Keeley, the veteran actress, now in her 88th year, was present in the stalls of Drury Lane last Saturday morning, and after the third aot went round to congratulate Mrs. Bernard 13sere on her performance of the be trayed heroine. This actress has, it is gene rally conceded, never been seen to greater advantage than at Drury Lane, the huge stage of which just suits her graoeful, sweeping style and dear ringing voice. If the Lord Chamberlain had, as was rumored, refused to license the new up-to date Vaudeville, entitled " A Gaiety Girl," whioh was produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre on Saturday last, there would have been really little to wonder at. A more daring caricature has never been placed on the stago than that of Sir Alfred Grey, judge of the Divorce Court. This white - haired functionary, who is given to expatiate rather freely in sooiety upon the details of cases thab have come before him in. his offioial capacity, who with insinuating gallantry assures a married lady that she is "far too charming a woman to be handed over to the j tender mercies of one man," and who finally contends with an army chaplain in full clerical costume for the privilege of peep ing into a bathing machine in whioh a lady is preparing for a dip in the sea, was on Saturday continually addressed as " Sir Francis." Sir Alfred also relates with considerable unction how he once rebuked " Mr. Candlewick, Q.C.," in this wi6e. llis learned brother had taunted a witness who waB suing for divorce with the infamy of " employ ing a private detective to spy upon his wife." " Did you expect," was the judicial comment, " the Archbishop of Canterbury to undertake the job, Mr. Candlewick ?" In a like frivolous mood the white-haired judge, having been told that MiBs Alma Somerset, a young lady whom he meets at a garden party, is a " Gaiety girl" observes, " Then I daresay we shall make her acquaintance later on"—a remark whioh is eohoed by the Lady Virginia Forrest in the observation, " I daresay the Gaiety girl will find it useful to ingratiate herself witn a judge—especially with a judge of the Divorce Court." Of such is the dialogue of " A Gaiety Girl" after—on difc—a vigorous use of blue pencil by the official censor of plays. The wonder is that he passed it at all. Mr. James Davis, the author of "A Gaiety Girl," was originally one of Mr. Jno. Corlett's young men, and wrote under the torn do plume of "Stalled Ox" in the Pink 'Un theatrical1 notes both crisp and critical. Later he started The Bat, whioh was for a time the most audacious and crisply written of all the society 1 weeklies. It came to grief, however, through libelling Lord Durham, and Mr. Davi3 had to fly the country, leaving, it is said, sundry unpaid | contributors behind. Shortly afterwards Mr. i Davis's wife inherited a large fortune, bub he j did not at once settle up with his journalistic creditors, and Augustus Moore and others attacked him very vioioualy: A year (or rather more perhaps) ago, Mr. Davis managed to persuade Lord Durham to accept apologies and damages (or at least law costs) and returned to England. Whilst abroad he wrote chiefly for Truth, many of the "Queer Stories" coming from bis pen. The action of the new American piece "Incog," rechriatened "Tom, Dick, and Harry," turns to a great extent on the close resemblance between the brothers Dick and Harry Winter. The photo of one of these being found by quick-witted Tom Stanhope (needless to say Mr. Hawtrey's part) whose love affairs are not going smoothly, he obtains a suggestion for a disguise and is soon recog nised by one lady as her husband and by another as her betrothed. Then of course there is Tom's real sweetheart to reckon with. Complications last through three aots, and are very funnj\ 