CYCLING NOTES. (By ' Cyclofile.') Sydney B.C.— Tho committee of tho Sydney Club mut at their rooms lust woolt, when Mr. John Wilkcs occupied tho chair, and there wcrti prosout Mo«sm. H. A. Fry, 11. Harvey, A. Peufo|d, A. S. Joiioh, S. T. Dibdon, C. A. Marshall, S. J. Wyatt, and James Hoighway, hon. soc. A' largo quantity of correspondence wan received and dealt with, and accounts to thn amount of ^150 ordered to bo naid. Thn sum df Jil WU \vus voted In ouch of the follow ing Institutions-Si. Vi,,clllil's HoHiiital, Sydney Hospital, Children's Hospital, Bene volent Asylum, and Tbirhnoro flomo for Con sumptives. Messrs. F. Starkoy and F. John son wore elected new members, and thu re signation of Mr. J. U. Vmider lioack waB ac cop tod. Moiars. J. Tcohair and liussoll Mar shall woro olectod auditors, and tho mooting then adjourned until October 5. Tho.hofi. BOcrotary Sydnoy B.C. haB-',ro. ooivod word that the trophy 'presented by the Earl of Jersey to his club ban arrivud iu the city, and is ubw nt Gnvurumout House, where it can bu obtuiued forthwith. The trophy is a Bilver teapot, and has already been won by W. L: Korr in the ruco (or tho Club Championship. Ho is ontitlod to hold tho trophy for ono year. At tho usual goncral meeting of tho mom bors of tho Molhourno Bicyclu Club, to havo boon hold last night, it was intended to elect tho first delegates to tho Louguo of Victorian whoulmon. Great intorost was takon lately in this question, and the result will be watched with interest. iTho good old Molbourno Bioyolo Club, bo long ronowned for doing things iu a world's record fashion, havo at lost fullon into a courso or channol that can no doubt do littlo or no good for itself. Tho idea, startod by Mr. Waltor Uonyer,.to givo a trophy for. tho most popular member, has caught on, and was to bo decided at lust night's meeting. Tho idoa is as bud as th'ey mako 'em, and can havo nono but a party fooling result, and should .havo been nipped in the bud. I bavo soon n. oiroularof tho Molbourno Bioyolo Club, which notifies to members that Mr. Goo. Buraton will xhow for tho first tituo limo-light views of scenes takou during his lato tour through Guinea and Japan. Tho notice also says that if our inuch-travollod friend is ' woll enough,' ho might also roluto a fow of his porsonal oxporiencoa. This lattor draw should about fill tho bouse. .Accident to Lorj Herman.— Mr. Lou Herman, porhaps ono of tho bost known uud most successful racing men that Australia has ovor Boon, mot with a sorious aoeidout iu Victoria on Saturday night mst, which almost cost him his lifo. Uorman, tho Boudigo cyclist, was ono of tho competitors iu the Victorian iutor-club 50-mile bicyolo champion ship road raco. Hg was ouo of tho throo representatives of Beudigo in tho race, and wu6 ridiug nbnr-Donnybrook, on tho homo run, whon he collided with a milk cart, which in tho dark ho failed to notico. His puco-being pretty fast nt the time of tho collision, ho was thrown heavily to the' ground off his machine, and was rcdored unconscious. Assistance wus at hand, and bo was romovod to tho Donnybrook liailway Station, and thonco by ambulance stretcher to tho Melbourne Hospital, which ho reached at 1 o'oiock on Sunday morniug. Upon examination of him it was found that, ho had sustainod injuries to the chest and ribs of a serious nature, nnd although at first no dangor was apprehoudod, his condition on Sunday ultorcd so muteriully for tho worso that tho doctors four ho may not rooovor. On Monday tho hospital authorities, told mo that it was a bad caso of its class, but a slight ohango for tho bettor had taken placo. The Fifty Mile Bicycle Eoad Cham pionship op Victokia.— The Fifty-mile Iuter-Club Road Championship Race took place on Saturday afternooulast under tlio most ndvorso woathor conditions. Unfortuuatolv a violent north wind set in in the morning, and this so interfered with the arrangements' that a hastily convouod mooting was hold on tho ground, and tiro limit was extondod by half an hour. Finally, at 5uiin and 20aeo past 3 tho competitors were dospatohed on thoir ?journoy in tho teeth of a northerly gale. Up to tho 17th milo post thoy kopt well together, the pace .being -vory -slow, but a 6piirt soon weeded out tho main body, though as tho leaders eased up a stiff pinch tho strngglerB gradually came in. Tho Whole 33 wont through Boveridgo iu a bunch, and kept fairly well together' until reaching tho 24-mile post, at Bovoridgo, whore a dillicult hill soon reduced tho loading division to about twolvo or fourteen of the firat-olass.mon. A sharp raco ensued to a turning point on Pretty Sally's Hill, where Cadby had tho lead, closely followod by Greou wobd, aftor' whom came Turner,- Booson, -James, Parsons, Hourigan. Broudbent, Wright, Schurp, and Chrisp. At tho turning point a fow of tho competitors hud tnkon tho precaution to have new machinos in waiting. Tumor in particular, who had ridden a 00 gonr up, changed to a 72-gear, and thus, with a strong galo hehind him and a down-hill track, hud a great advantage. Tho paco home was a cracknr, aud from this point the raco may bo said to liavo commenced in oarnost. Coming c'own the hill at uoarly 30 milos an hour, Parsons turuod a complo somersault, but though iuome*ntarily stuuuod, remounted and finished well within tho timo limit. Broadbont, in his anxiety to assist a club mate, lost a mile and a quarter of distance before be set sail aftorthe leaders, but, putting on tho puce, passed .in turn Houriinui, Parsons, Cadby, Beeson, and Greenwood, and finally piokod up Tumor and James. Twolvo milos from homo night fell, and in tho darkness Tumor slipped away. Broadbent rodo us haf'd as the darkness per mitted, but ho failed to oatoh him. Tho 25 milos out took up noarly threo hours, and the lpurnoy homo a little ovor the hour. Uiidor o'rdiuary oonditions tho distanoo should. have been accomplished within throo hours. Tho following aro the resultB : — Club. Points. Place.;;, Southern District ... ... 'fiii ' 7~~ Melbourne ? 78 ? J Jfo'otf ? 53 3 Ferusldo ? 32 i Northorn ... ? a) . 5 East Mttlbournb ... . ,„ 20 . - 0 Victorian BulhVajs ... 25 7 INDIVIDUAL BffSUJTS.''.: ' -?'?'?'?': ':.y:.*%lS?::wS&\-- ? . ??.?'''? ? Tinio. Turner, ITolbour'noV ? s' 5*20' 3 55 ll, lireuilbout, Fernsido ... ... 3 5 20 350 10 JanicB, Southorn District ... 3 5 20 3 57 37 n. Bocsou, Victory ? 3 5 20 . 3 57 40 Greouwooil, Southern District 3 5 20 3 53 30 Purroiis, Victory ... ... 3 5 20 i 0 50 Cudbf.SouthernJDistrlot ... 3 5 20 4 12 25 HouriKan, East Melbourne ... 3 5 20 4J' »a Johnston, Victorian liuilwayB 3 ? 5 20 4 12 31 V. right, Sonthern District ... 3 5 20 4 14 40 Chrisp, Molbourno ... .... 3 5 20 '4-22,33 v Kollon-, Molbourifb ... ... 3 5 20 4 22*42 Mr. G. Vf. Burston actod as ju'dgo, lir. W. G. Fnrroll as startor, Jlossrs. J. W? Scott A.. Z. Drydo, W. J. O. Elliott, A. D. Muir hoad, aud J. Boyos as roforoes, and tho time koopors at tho starting point woro Messrs. A Kirston and R. M. K. Uollan, and at Uio ter minating point Mossrs. S. A. Buoknall and T. Rand. M^r. W. P. Armstrong; was aoon in Jlolbourno aftor having aocomplishod a rooord rido bo twoon Molbourno and Sydnoy in- 4 days 3h 45inin. Mr. Armstrong is ouo of thoso plucky whoolmon who rodo from tho Gulf of Carpen taria to Syduoy a couplo of weoks ago, aud is thoroforo the Long-distance Champion of Australia. A good run of tho Loaguo of N.S.W Wheelmen took placo on Saturday to Botany whoro a football match was played. J. M'Innis won both tho races at the Right Hour sports ou Monday. Johnson, who an noxod tho first event, wns proved to havo riddon a tnaohino a couplo of pounds too light, and was thoroforo disqualified. Tho bicyclist's Btoop (kyphoris licyclula mini) scorns to bo practically confined to boys, Girls rido bicyclos moro und moro, but for some reason they do not fiud it necessary to hunch their uliuuldors forward, and double themselves ovor the linmlloRof their machines. Perhaps that is because thoy aro vainer than tlio boys, and euro moro how thoy look. Per haps it is merely because they havo moro sense. Perhaps thore is anothor roaaon still, aud tho mothers of stooping cyclists might correct thoir youngHtors' deformity by put ting thorn into corsots, — Exchange. International Ctolino in Denmark.— A Koutur's tblegrara, datod Copenhagen, August 22, says : — Sovorul further oy'cling raocs of an international oflaractor woro docidod horo to-day. Tho first ovont (ono Lilomotro) wus won by A. J. Watson, London, iulmin.'l.'-2-.V-ec, M. ingomaiiPotorsen.Copen hauen, coming in second, and M. Radomakor, Scboveniugen, third. Watson alto gaiuod tho £nxlish Half-mile Bace in lmin Dsec, M. Ingemau-Petcrson again being peeond. nnd M. j Hademaker third. In the Kuglish Fivo Miles Kuee M. Svou Hauscii, Copunhngen was fli-sk 1 M. llonfo, Chrimiatiitt, Koconrt ; and Hi-rr ' Hubicht, Mauutieiui, third ; Watson comiuif iu fourth. Tho winner's time was l&nin; -lscu. Walter Sanukr Expkllkii from an AmkricXn Cluii.— A DalKiel telegram, dnteU Miluker, August 23, Kays: Walter ganger, holder of thu world's bicyolo mile; record and one milo champiou of K.iejaud, was expelled ' from tho Telegram Bicycle Club to-day lur refusing, after ho had bemi udvurtinoil. to ap pear ou tho track nt a meeting arranged by the club. Auatniliuu champions plcuso noto. Says 'Veteran' in tho London Sl'OiiTH JUK :- ' If any proof were uunded of tho ruporior speed-rale of Ilcii.c-hill track, it wns forthcoiiiiiig when Ci. K. Osmond rodo a milo in Smiii lU^ec, anil, goiug on, did two iuiIoh in ,4miii 242-,'isuc. Tho old record of ?lmin ifJsoo by L. H. Miontjos ou tho nuno track this year isjthus loft a. long wuy bohind. That Osmond is a good man is perfectly clear, but I cannot believe that ho is us good us his brother used to be, or that ho would stand a ghost of 11 ohaiico iu a lovol milo or two miWrfdo with o»o or two cyclists whom I might mention. Tho secret of his fast performances uguiust the watch lies iu tho porfect system of pacing and tho.murvellously fust mirlaco at Homo hill. My own idea, is that such a man as A. W. Harris, on un equally good oveuiug and with the Bumo perfect pacing, would do Usoo bet'ter timo for a mile than Osmond. Yet I shall expect tho latter to gut insido 2min 8soo before tlio season's end. This Rounds liko nsking Harris to do something Sensational u» read by present lights, but inasmuch as good judges consider tho present Heruo-hill track lOsoo a mile faster than tho old ono, thero is no reason why a milo in 2min doad may not have to bo credited to tho Bpeodiest cyclist of his.tirao.' The following handicaps havo boon de clared for tho Lillio Bridge bicyclo races to bo held to-night :— : Two-Mjles Uictcle IUxDicAr.— J. Watson, . : scratRh i n. W. Lewis, 40yds ; .1. Willilims, 50ja» ; ? ?P. Prico, MydB-; J. Mcitsou, HOyds ; W. P. PJielan.'ISOydi; T . l'ayno, 140vds ; 'L. Woods, S. ?Shorter, 100yds j ?Iwertos, 200yds ; K. WultorB, S35yds ? O. Noilson, 200yds ; C. Jorsopson, 2/bj-as ; U. Vf. Jttoknmn, iliOyas ; W. N. Shaw,2S5yda ; K. : UrucM),' A. Grey,' A. Glbver, 29ayds ; A.Gl-eek,' aiSydsj P. Cnuioron,' 300ydn ; P. Youiir, U. Thomns, 320yds ; J. Burns,' 370yds ; P. StaCkle. berK, V. Engert, -HJOyds. 'ABSiimed names. 