THE. FREEMAN'S PHONOGRAPH. By Thb Flaneur. HADEM AND AZ1M j OR, THE NEW INNOCENTS ABROAD. 'Tote me no t?tea !' is probably the angry shout of every bored render in 6ho land today ; but, like Banquo'o ghost, 'oho 'cote la a thing that ' v?ill not dowa.' To a great extent the tote subject o2 late has paled the Pulpifc, the Parliament, and the Press, and although it has been denounced by all, it holds its osvn and cotmia its victims by hun dreds of thousands still. Qa the face of their own cards the tote-ranners have baen figured up as frauds o£ the' most unblushing typ?, r/ho add G and 5 together cad mcko the total 7 when paying oufe theii? pools, but the Cool-headed public pops its money down as usual and actually begs to be swiadled some more. A glaring £l'cuc! oE thiB desosiption was fully espo3e& in last Friday's dailies here, cud on the following Saturday the inscrumoutn that can lie, and do lie, wera better patronized than ever. This seems to be the ex ception vrhich proves the rule cxperientia docet. * This iveacy old trouble popped up aa fresh as eve? in the Souse on Wednesday Ia3f', and in de spairing fcoBea Premier Dibbs declared that 'dur- ing the past cis- weeks upwards o£ 100 police prosecutiocQ in tote cases were recorded, and yet -.- those prosecutions have, apparently had no deter rent effect whatever.' It would be a matter for profound surprise it' they had, fo? the .^eal offen der's. 'sue not -published at all. When the tote trickster io 'Sued z fiver :he simply passes, the Sue on to, his ddpes and the' fraudulent :profit he makes on the nesfc race run simply repays him for hie loss of time and money. These fiaea are turn ing in a decent revenue to the State, howevei*, and if they were properly ' earmarked'* and Get aside would soon pay the whole cost' of running the police department.' Out oC evil corn'eth good — occasionally. ? That the police are determined to do their anti» gambling duty at all riBks was made evident on Monday last when.trco stalwart members of the force ' saysouaded ' c cripple at the Haymarket, fetid aftei' a deal of strategy succeeded in captivj ing and raaaia£ him in (as fast as a oae-Iegge^ aaon could be sun) on a charge o£ conducting a revolving shooting gallery at which small boye, and occasionally large-sized fools, endeavoured to amass Coetuaeo by having penny. shoto at a bull's eye target. The tnogiaferafce found that tbe gam@ differed materially from tote-running, inasmuch as it was illegal but fair, and so the daring offender's life was Graced, and he was let; off with a fine. The police explained that they had no rooted objections to a revolving shooting gallery per se, but parents complained that their sons and heirs wera wasting their mission money and lolly allowance on the cripple's gambling machine, and therefore it would have to be suppressed in the interests o£ the coming race. Just round the corner, however, ocores of tote shops could be found wherein the parents of those boya gamble ?or pounds, but as those institutions are not run by cripples, and the game played ia neither legal noff fair, no decicive action in the way of closing them up can be attempted. The law is a lovely fchicg— afc o djafcaaco. Ho one would eve? think of looking for a mine o£ hutnorar in our Bankruptcy Courts, aeither would they expect the undentE'eble correspondence of our official assignees to be as full of jocular sarcasm as the pages o£ Mark Twain or A?temus Waifd. All the same, however, Bomo oi! those gents have a very pleasing veic of humour ia their composition, and a prime specimen of thai? fine facetiousness lies before me aow ; ia Cacti I intend to have it foamed as a sort of humour inopiring charm. My financial trouble, alluded to a fortnight ago, has been settled by my paying two-thirds of the claim in spot cash by way, of compromise, but in his letter of advice the kind-heaefcec! but businaas like oinsial assignee warns me to thoroughly ancleEotanel that in the event of the gone-bung company ' paying more than 20s in the «S to it3 creditors after all coata and charges connected with the winding up, &c;, have been settled, I will have to pay the balance of my liability before E can have any righc to claim a share in the surplus assets!' Considering that 18d in the S, is reckoned a very fair -: divtfy ' for such companies to pays this intimation seetna to me to be brimful oil pleasing sarcasm, and i£ I live until the tinia crriveg for me to olaioi a share of the profits Methusalem will have his champion old age eeeoci wiped into everlasting smash The. aamber of victims now falling into these fmaueial teaps is legion, and I fear this year will in consequence thereof see many a ?' Merry Christmas ' nipped in the bud. The Sheik will now apeak a piece on similar subjects. To the Sheik Muafcapha, Bagdad. Salutations So all. And with mine to you go the tiding ckaestful or otherwise, that the gEeati English fiem of Oveuend, Gusney,' and Co., in which we inves ted aome of the savings of our youthful days, has now, rites a liquidation o£ 27 years, been finally squared up at last. How many will benefit thereby is not known. Many of the creditors have long since ftone to fche land wheze gold is cs shoes and culver as mire, but you may eemembeL1 that the pQctnei?- who was credited with having wrecked She firm died worth .51,000,000, and, as a matter of course, ' reapected by all who knew him'=ia the outwai'd show o£ this world at le^st. We were having a friendly gossip and glaco afc the Club Ico'c night when Ouc Hoat observed :—' I have heard of some smart Dwindles in my time, but a very good friend fn'om the Never Never country send' along the story of an event which bappaned at a station not far from Aramac, and which will be very hard to beat indeed. ' It seems that a gentleman clothed in the garb o£ a prieafc atrived in a buggy with hia attendant, and after being sumptuously treated by the manager, he said he would like to have a look round the place, it being his firat trip oat We^. A^ it was a Sunday in the shearing season, the mea were amusing themselves and honouring the c oS day5 by playing cards, &c.s; .one rather large frnd escited group going- in for the shearer's fiovouiifce. sport known as ' heading 'em.' Catch ing oight of ibis crowd, the visitor asked the men v;hat they were doing, and on being informed he said he would like to watch She game as it was the first time he had seen anything of the kind. ' ' The men were delighfcsd fco be ablo to oblige his reverence, and their delight b:-rd\'rel on frenzy v^heD, after carefully watching the play for some time, the good Father told the gaff era that he wa3 collecting in aid of a church budding fund and then picked up the 'irip' and the coins and gooJ-hutnoTJi redly taid, 'Look here, boyp, I'm on the ' cadge' for church building money, and ifc seems to me that this innocent litblo game cf yours ia far before all baz^are, and raffles, and the like, so I'll give it a trial in the name of the blessed St. Peter after whom my new church is to be called.' And ? thee fixing the coins on the 'kip* he threw down a ,£10 note and exclaimed c The Holy Church saya ' heads a tenner,' now v?ho'o on?' Liia reverence wag -promptly ' set/ up went the coins, and the Holy Ooureh won. e Goad iron!' shoutad the 'ringer' oi the shed? 'I'll go another tenner on the tails/ Sa he did, but ' blessed bt. PeterV luck was io, and the clerical holder oi the ? peter ' scooped the pool oace more amidst the general rejoicing of the csovrd. ' Ia a little time the rejoicing became far lees general and enthusiastic, for bis reverence handled the ' kip' like a pistmaster of the gentle art, and !h facS he won nine times (and a tenner a pop, too), dghfc or2 the reel, By this time the players were getting very fcired indeed, and aa fchey filed ;out oi! fchj 'school' it was unanimously agreed }fchafc ' fchia 'ard blinky clergyman waa too deroed hot/ and they 'couldn't stsnd c fellow, priest or paraon, or even blessed Peter himself, heiidin' 'em \- ten ^times'' run'nih'. ' And sn, the school being skinned, n»8 reverence Stowed away his winning?, had! a dhoc^nd-dhorish with tbe manager, and ' : went on hiSiWay rejoicing. 'The men were not over pleased, even though some tried to comfort themselves with the thought that the money had gone to a good cause ; but howling mad would be a mild term to espress their Btate when a police sergeant rode up nest day, and hearing about the incident, asked, ' Was this felloe a long- thin cove, and did he drive a little bay mase with a star and white sfcockin's ?* c That's the very chap/ replied the ' Einger.' ? Then you're a blazing lot of swindled mugs,' returned the officer. ' That fellow was ' Long Jim Barnes,' tho smartest spieler that ever flipped a coin, or rung in a ' g^ey,' a3 ho ctrfainly did on you. I've (jot a wat' rant for the joker in my pocket now for a swindle he worked on tha Bcwea Downa.* ' Good luck to you then, go and catch him/ Bhouted a shearer who had lost his pile 5 c and then bring hiaa back here, and b^ the holy froi? we'll neither kick him, not1 thump him, but we'll break his heart with fella.' ' This tale amused us greatly, and it so worked on Azim that he proposed a game of cards, and then came out a winnerrof ,=530 by moans o2 tricks wbieh would have raised a blush even on the bronzed check o£ «' Long Jim Barnea.' Allah watch over thee and thy friend, SHEIK ALI BEN HADEM. 