LOCAL NEUS. TH« EXTRA SURETS O*- THK "MKRCUKI "-Tho third shoot of this day's paper contains-Advertise- ments | Poetry-" A Christmas Greoting," Original Talo " The Ghost of Bamboo Gully i" Pleasantries. -The second sbeot contains- Advertisements ¡ Weet Maitland Police Court j DiBtriet News - Paterson, Greta, Miller's ForcBt, Tamworth, " For Ucmemurance," original verso; Bankruptcy P*o ceedings ¡ Editorial Article ; ltevtcw ; Rctmnis cence'8 of Maitland j Mercury Junior; The Christ- mas Iii Ila (poetry) ; Cricket; The Political Situa- tion-Mr. Gould's Speech, Cassilis Land Hoard i Tho Shops at Clinstmaetidc ; East Mnitland Borough|Counctl j Literary News, io , Land Snles ; Sarah Bernhardt and her Vocation. We also ISBUO an almanac thia week. UOI.IDAT CtlKBH AT Till MAITLAND HoMIIAT, -It is always cheering to Und that the unfoi tunntes in our public institutions aro not forgotten when tho general public are in the midst of plea- sure. Feasting is one of the things thnt m sepcraUy connected with Chrietmastido, notwith standing the difficulty in the way of climate for its I thorough enjoyment Mr leane Gornck with his usual thought for the sick poor inmntes of the Maitland Hospital a few days ngo applied to the lion John Eales, MLC, asking lum to provide a Clirintruns dinner for that institution on Monday next Mr. Eales at once replied expressing his pleasure to do what was required, mid it is needless to say that Mr Gorrick will see that Mr Eales' wishes are faithfully carried out Not only are I the patients in the institution provided in IBIS ros I peet for that day, but for Anntv crbary Day aleo, the I donor of tho latter dinner being Mr Neville D j Coben, the esteemed President of tho institution, and a hurd worker and liberal contributor in its cause I Tun ToitONTO JJoTBL.-A correspondent writes UBI Sinoo Mr. and Mrs. Liardet have taken the lesseeBhip of tho Toronto Hotel many improve- ments have been effected. Tho hotel has been separated from the picnic pleasure grounds. From tho tramway platform an entrance has boen made to the grounds, so that there need bo no connection with the hotel. Tho dancing pavilion has been removed from the end of the hotol to a spacious hall 70ft by 30ft, which has been erected in the grove of trees adjoining the swingB. In closo proxi- mity to thiB a dining hall and bar combined, of similar dimensions, has been placed, where picnic parties can bo supplied at |moderatc ratos, and thus save the worry of carrying hampors of pro l VÍBÍODB. The old pavilion is to bo converted into a conservatory, and already a fine collection of ferns haa been procured. The large pond facing tho hotel is undergoing a change. It will be stocked with goldfish, and the margin is to be planted with willow trees and shrubs. A pretty little rustic bridge mil be thrown across, connecting the little island with the grounds. On the island a summer- house will be built and fitted up in a charming manner as a ladies' afternoon tea resort. Through- out the spacious grounds a number of scats are be- ing placed. Toronto, when the alterations have been completed, will certainly take the lead of any pleasure resort in the eolonios. A HANUT DATE CAOENIUII.-From Mr. W. Dimmock, who ¡B Maitland agent for tho Company, wo have received a specimen of the British and Colonial Assurance Company's dato Calendar. It is a stiff card, shield shaped, provided with a brass socket into which cards severally printed with names of the days of the week, of the months, and figures up to 81, may bo fitted and changed as each day and month passes. A PBONOUNCED SUCCESS,-The new white metal now uaed in the manufacture of Spoons and Forks has quite superseded all others. Finished equal to the best, Bolid white right through, thoy do not corrode, and aro easier to clean than any other. J. HART, Silversmith, of West Maitland, is the direct importer from the makers, and offers them at the following wholesale prices-Table Spoons and Forks, 13B Gd | Dessert, 10s Gd ; and Tea Spoons, Cs Gd per dozen, Orders sent per post promptly. 3000 THE BISHOPRIC OF QUAI-TON ANO AHMIDALE. The Clarence Eraminer of Dec. 19 says :-Beforo convening another session of Synod, to deal with the selection of a Bishop for the diocese of Grafton i and Armidale, the Administrator (Von, Archdeacon Groemvny) has consulted his Chancellor (Mr, A. J. Gould, M.P.j who advises- that the Metropolitan should be informed that the board of Delegation, haning failed to agree upon the name of a suitable person, it became necossary to summon the Synod to again meet, and askine- him to issue a fresh mandate. The administrator has communicated with the Metropolitan j and probably tho Synod will be summoned to meet at Glen Innes early in February. ROAD TO DORA CREEK RAILWAY STATION - Mr R Stevenson has been informed that the letter presented by bim from Mr. Neil Harpor, J.P., directing attention to the want of the means of access to the Railway Station at Dora Creek, has been sent to the local olBorr for report, and when J rectiivod a further communication will bo made to bim. FKKCINO SCHOOL GUOOND.-The Minister for Public Instruction has informed tho Member for the Wollombi, that ho regrets the state of the pub- lic funds precludes him from at present carrying out tho fencing in of tho school grounds at the Lower Hawkesbury, asked for by the residents. EANKINO RBTUBNS - From tho ofllca of (he Government Statistician we bava received a sum- mary of the sworn returns of assets, liabilities, oapital and profits of a number of banking and build- ing societies, oto. Twentv-Üvo societies are repre- sented ; their total liabilities are .£2,075,600, [their total assets £6,015,078, their paid up capital £2,001,609, the amount of dividend this year £113,7.10, and tho amount of reserved profits when the dividend was declared £017,327. TUB Ciuitu is LOST, PLIUBUKE GONE,-you fool naturally annoyod when you find you have paid double for jewellery presents you could have bought from me. This is a notice to thoso who wish to make it a Merry Christmas and liappy Now Year. -EDWABD STOBM, Jewollor, Maitland. 3449 BANU OV HOI-K.-On Wednesday evoning a pleasant and successful entertainment was held in connection with the Band of Hope meeting in the WoBloyan School Hall, Charles Street. The enter- tainment was described as a " Christmas Double Surprise Night," and proved to bo a series of sur- prises to al! concerned. After opening exercises, (.lie li mt surprise wits In the appearance of a Christ- mas fairy, who announced the approach of old Father Christinas, who presently appeared, accom- panied by heralds, princesues, fairies, and other attendants. A happy dialogue was carried ou by these, interspersed with carols and Cliristmna songs, and the first part was concluded willi a vary offVc tive and well arranged tableau, Tim next surprise was in the présentât ion of an address und valuable inkstand and pen to the President of the Society, the Rev, J. Is, Carruthers, whoso connection tvjtli the Band of Hope will soon terminate hy his re- moval fi oin tho district, This being suiUbly re «ponded to by tim reolpont, the great e-tt sur- prise of all was in llie bringing ill of a Christina« tree, laden with one bundled present« of varying value A scene of happy excitement followed, lu tim illnti¡billion of tlmeu present« to juvenile ineinburs of tim Burn! and other little folk in tim oiidiemie, Um delight of the youngster» being out of all »roporllon to the value of the gifts, An i wa« awarded to MU« li, Blair and Mix« Brewer Un- organised! of tin» »utwrtiiiniiiiiiit, und the pioenud inga closed with the NnUmiiil Ant lunn and a geuor»! choru« of " a murry Chi jalma«" to everybody con cerned, A Htunu l£n.i.ti> - Ahuut dinner time on Thuin day last Mr, Fred lYIolmluon liilled a brown minite about four feet in length at the rear nt his luriii turu waiuliouae (ii Iflgli-atreut. The reptile had butru neun if) MrSifielimial'syaiiliritlminoriifiig, hut, managed to escape its piirimer«, When Mr, NMiolsou ««w it lie Irlril to <:4t-J) it by the tail, a« im lia« done many ttimtlier.bin failed, and uf let wai'tiu lilli'd it with a brum» Inindle, Mr, 'J .uri,e.y, the tailor, found ay. »ingana»-» mi lil« pri-mlbf,», mut door, Homujfuw i.-iintluugo, urn! hu look» upon timm KI re','''» of (lie flood, ViiutinnÂiiK Cow üiti -An will be seen by our advertising cfllutmiN tho Cataby Band assisted by tim I'lilllmrmmil« rJwl«' y, inti'ii'l liolll.ig a »erle« of Promenade «mcertfl on (IK* Al Mon iJioinid, riming the glimmer months. Tim ilisl will t.iku piuca un Tiiuraday, lHtli January »u-xl. 'J'IUUA nwnarU proved vastly popular latt summer, and evidently catch the public taste. CAM tai HO on IÍKTWN'Í IN TUP. IVnir Oi'i'ir«, A regulation In the Uatelle of Tito-day forbid«, under pain of dismissal any irainbliug or, betting I 1 »wong «errants of the I'ett Onie«, ALL SAINTS' Carmen, WOCWVILLB.-His Lord ship tho Bishop of Newcastle is announced to preach at the morning service at 10.30 on Sunday next. This will be the first service in tbiB Church aftor tho completion of its restoration. The collection will be devoted to the Diocesan Church Extension Fund. SATISFACTORY Rr.Bin.Ts.-Wo acknowledge with plrnsurc the numerous gratifying letters received of the accurate time-keeping of our Reliance WatcheB. They must continue to lead all others, as they nre the only Keyless Lovers ndvertiaed at a low price. They have all modern improvements, and avoid complications ; if sent to us, rarely cost moro than 2B Cd to repair. They wind nnd set without opening ; dust-tight cases, for 33s. J. HAUT, West Maitland, will guarantee safe deliver r by pOBfc. 3000 THE REV. "W. n. H. YAWUNOTON AT ST. BAH NAKAR'.-The St. ¡tornabas' Gleaner of December 11 PBJ'B :-Tho Rev. W. II. H. Yarrington, who had exchanged duties for n mime with the incumbent, returned to his homo last week. During bia stay at St. Barnabas, he made many friends, and was much appreciated for bia scholarly and earnest Bor- nons. The lust Sunday in November being his final nddrcss, the Churchwardens expressed their thanks to Mr. Yarrington for tho help ho had been to the church during his stay. The Incumbent (the Rev, W. Martin) returned in time for duty on Sunday laBt, and proaîhod to a large congregation in the evening. A HANDSOME PRESENT TO ST. MARY'S CHURCH. -Wo wore shown yesterday a pair of solid silver collection plates, which were specially ordered from England by Mr. and Mrs. Waddy, of West Mait- land, as a gift to St. Mary's Church, at the pre- sent Christmas time. Tho p'atos aro plain bright silver with the exception of a email chased orna- ment ; each has in tho centre the letters in German text I. II. S. (JCRUS Hominem Salvator) and the words " St. Mary'p, West Maitland,'! on the rim t each is also supplied with a blue velvet cushion or pad which fits into tho centre of the plate, and bears the monogram I. H. S. worked in silk. Tho church- wardens received tho following letter with the gift West Maitland, December 20,1893. To the Churchwarden« of rît. Mary's Chmch, West Mtitland. Dear Friends,-I am sending you herewith a small parcel con- taining a pair ot sterling stiver offertory platea lor your church, which I beg you will accept, on behalt of Kt» Mary's Church, as a trilling Christmas gilt troin Mrs. Waddy and rnypclt. And if you will kindly hand them over to the Hev. Mr. Yar rtngton for us, witt) nil the best wishes and compliments ot this festive season, and ask him to oblige us by using them for the first time on Sunday morning next, we shall erteem it a iavour. With every good and sincere wish for the prosperily nnd weltart* ot St. Mury's Church and all it» omec-benrers, believe me, yours sincerely, Pmer WAIWY." Wo mBy add that the gift carno as a complete surprise to the churchwardens, who know nothing whatever of the purposo of the generous donors till their letter was receivod. Ono of the church- wardens, alluding to the blue velvot cushion, re- marked suggestively that ita colour vronld enable the half- sovereigns put on the plate to bo con- spicuous. In compliance with the wish of Mr. and Mrs. Waddy, the now plates will be used for the firBt time to-morrow. THE EFFECT OP A LAND TAX.-Addressing a meeting of farmers at Gininderra on Thursday Mr. O'sullivan said he had (through Sir Joseph Abbott) obtained the opinion of the expert of the A.M.P. Society upon the effect of a tax upon land values, and it was as follows :-Beckoning interest nt 4 per cent., a perpetual tax of one penny in the X on the capital valuo of land, X1 per acre, would reduce that value to 17s lid per acre, 2d in the X to 16s lOd per acre, 3d in the X to 13s 91, and 4, in the £ to 11B 8d per acre. This is to say a tax of four ponce in the X would reduce the selling value of cbe land by nearly one- half. It was absurd for some of the single-taxcrs and advocates of land value taxation only to say that they would be con- tent with a penny in the X. Others of their numbers were honoat enough to say that 4d in the X would be required, and there could be no doubt that they wore right. The unimproved valiiu of land in New South Wales was Xl70,O0O,00O, and a penny in the X on that would only produce X75O.O00. As tho land-value taxera talked of abolishing X2,000,000 of other taxation, they would require to raise X2,000,000 to replace that amount. That would require «early 3d in the X ; and if wo allowed for the depreciation referred to by tho ex pert of the A.M.I*. Society, then more than Gd in the X would bo required to raise the X2.000.000. It was, therefore, clear that at least Gd in the X would be necessary. It was timo that the farmers, selectors, and other landowners organised their ' forces against such a nefarious proposal as those dreamers advocated. THE RiiaisntAu-GENKRAi/s DEPARTMENT.-In connection with the Commission of Inquiry Into the working of this department by Judge Fitzhar dinge, three officers have been called upon to show causo why they should not bo dismissed from the service. LICENSING COUKTB.-MesBrs. E. H. V. Allnutt, and C IS. Smith, aro to bo liconsing magistrates at Quirindi and Walcha, respectively. The following gentlemen are to be appointed members of the several licensing courts of tho district« named: Quirindi-Messrs. B. Underwood and R. Wilson ¡ Walcha-Messrs. J. A'. Nivison and J. H, Head. TUB BBST WAT TO PUBSKUVH TI^H SIGHT.-It is very important that ovory person should study well how to preserve such a precious and priceless gift as Good Sight, From various causes in a climate like that of Australia, most people guffer in some way from defective or impaired vision, There is one way to remedy this evil, and that is by studying N. Lazarus' pamphlet " How to Preserve the Sight," »vhieb will bo sent post free on application to the undersigned, who ia the sole agent for Maitland District, for Lazarus' world famed optical goods.-A. HsnMiss, Praotietl Watchmaker and Joweller, High- street, WoBb Mait- land. 6707 TUB CONSTITUTIONAL POINT-Wo havo been reminded, in connection with the contention that the Electoral Act of 1803 is invalid becauso it alter« the franchise in contravention of the Constitution ? Act that in 1885 in our columns Mr. W. H. Sparke of Newcastle, tbun a law student argued that the Act of 1880 waa invalid, though not for tho samo reason, Mr. Sparke's contention waa that Acts of the Imperial Parliament made imperative the re- servation for the Royal aBSsnt of all measures of tho New South Wales Legislature designing to vary the basis of representation, that the Ant of 18S0 did vary the basis of representation, that it had not been reserved foi the Royal tissent but caine into force after the Governor had assented to it, and that therefore it was invalid, It will bo manifest how ever that if Mr, Sparke's opinion oxpresbei} in J885 was uoriect, Die Act of 1803 i» unconstitutional, a« likewise inn all Act« of all the Parliaments which iinvii riitt under (lui Act of 1880, "I'AMNIJ'H CiiitisTMAH ANNUAL."-From the NewcanUe Hriwwh of Messrs, W, II, L'allnjraud Cu'e establishment wo have received a copy of the ninth number of Paling'* Olirhlmns Annual, It contain» sixteen pieues uhlelly favourite songs, but also three piece« of dance muido Among I he songs i« " Hie giuiit American suocens" " After the Ball," and we are pleased to see in the collection it ditly wjiji'li mice hml great voyue, namely BJouUey's " Item I« und Jfoinua," The other songs »re fami- liar melodies, not hackneyed i the printing i« clear and tim minimi lia« a tasteful cover ornamentally loll ei ed and embellished with an emblematic pic tuie in gii'y and gold, MAI'ILANI» IlKNBtoi.ii'N'r Soi'irnv-We aie ph'ii»iid to notion that lim «piiitnf dimity,notiviili. «tnmilng the tInn's, Is as inuuli in evidence as ever iiinongot thone at our resident« wlio are b|e«u*x) »vilh ni) »bundaneo of God's gift«, und it must bo extieinu'.y gratifying to the aged and infirm fu- mai mi of fin'« admirable Institution to know (hut through the ll)i>ii|ihtfulm>«ii mid geinuodity of two kind fiiund« Ihey are »lllo be pr«v|i)ei| willi good dinner« on Christina« mid New iVur's Di»y, Mr. George Clffl, of Knut Maitland, whose wool lady ia nu active and uiiuigetjt' member of the Committee will mmuiu f»r them o» Cjujstma* liny, «nd Mi«, Nevill« I), Cohen will add to bur immy *rU of benevolence by giving them a similar iront on New VDUI'N Day, Ho that lu I be- midst of the gMlieml 11'j'iicltlgB tiley too Mill be ItMn to I «tjulun, nul reid t but thu burden of llielr live« hu« boc» made ligliti'l lo bear, fin A vi ne M AUK EAHV.-Ilon'l huuk your face willi t'iiUi'lr brand« of racoi«, but tv ii to to J, Mini, of Went Maitland, the direct impoi ter of the world famed Jo«eph IMici'i'« and rions' reliabln razor«, full situ 7« üd medium C« (no»t free), 'i'Jiey have been bi'loni the world »ini* 1704, and now stand top of the tri'O, which I« tb« best evidence of merit. With l hi'in «having It * pleasure, as they nr# all carefully set ready fer use and require nothing but stropping to keep Uw.m «o for yean. 8000 '. \8*ïi,kT, ^"«-Mr. W. C. Markwell, agent for the Universal Nursery Company, near Hornsby, exhibited yesterday to several fruitgrowers « splondid specimen of one of the plum« grown in the nursery of the above company. The spécimen ia question was of the Janapwc variety, and is known ne tho Pruuus Simonii. Mr. Markwell tells us that during the pnat season he sold quite a number of these plum trees to roRido.ita in and around Mait- land, so that in a year or two we may expect to seo plums from here equal to anything produced in th» colony. The specimen shown by Mr. Markwell yesterday was ns largo as a good-Bized peach, and could readily bo sold at Gd or 7d per dozen. UISCOCK'B FumtnAi, MIVSTHBL".-By reference to our advertising columns it will peon that wo arc to be favored by a vmfc from IliBCOck's Fcdoral Minstrels consisting of twenty-one artists, ladies and gentlemen. If their past record- and it should -bo any critorion to judge of tlum itmay bo safely predicted that the citizens have a rare treat in store for them, and we have no doubt that the Holiday folk will give them two bumper houses during their short stay of two nights amongst us. " GILLIESTON PUIILIC SCHOOL.-The Minister of Public Instruction has acceqitcd the tender of Messrs. Peet and Toozo for removing the Publie school building« from Fishery Creek to the new sito at Gillieston. Wo understand that the con- tractors are proceeding with the work, and the building has already been pulled down and tho material taken to the now site. « SHOOTING EXTKAOKDIKAKT.-Eeceut advices inform us that Cnpt. J. L. Brawer in his lost match at 30 yards killed 98 out of 100, actually killing all his birds, two falling out of bounds. This was done with a Cashmore gun, SmalL wonder then that he should write the makers the following : "lam thoroughly convinced that the Cashmore guns have no equal." J. Hart, of West Maitland, has just received direct from the factory a complete stock of all grades; particulars and best wholesale price for a single gun on appli- cation. 3000 DEPOSITORS WITH THE LONDON BANK OP AUSTKALIA.-The Herald, in its commercial article of Thursday Bays: The fixed depositors in the London Bank of Australia it ia expected will, within a day or two, receive six months' notice, in accor- dance with the reconstruction ochóme, of the in- tention of the bank to pay the first instalment of what ia due to them ; that is, a tenth of tho amount of their deposit. As tho last avorage statement in New South Wales prior to reconstruction showed the bank to have fixed deposits to the amount of XG34.000, it may be oxpeoted that about XGO.OOO will be liberated. A late cablegram announces that depositors who desire can get the amount to be paid by giving a month's notice. This will be regarded as satisfactory, because the payment was not due under the terms of reconstruction until 1898. As tho bank has already liberated its currents, this further movement adds to tho evidence that the suspens- ions of payment by the banks last year were the result of ill-grounded fears of the solvency of the institutions. THE COAL TRADE.-There is no further develop- ment of the difficulty in the coal trade, and wo presume nothing definite will be dono till the be gining of the year. The understanding ¡B that the miners under the A. A. Company will accept tho price of 3s 2d per ton and will help their fellows to stand out against the reduction to 2s lOd proposed by other companies, FITNFSS, TUB KEriTTEn- We have on »cveral previo» occtflons r. f erred to the excellent work performed by that at least locally-distinguished physician of musical instruments or doctor of mutlc- Mr. Fred. Fitness, the popular con- ductor of the Federal Band, but we havo wilbla the past few days had ocular and auricular demon stratton that if pianos and organs had souls thejr would wear them out In Involuntary vamping ot pxans of praise ot their siviour and proteo tor, Mr. Fitness: When tho devastating waves oi the starch flood hud rolled ocoanwards it left the very great majority of Meitlaud pianos, organs, and other rent-lowering machines In a deplorable condition, and it wau then that the opportunity found the man and the man found tho opportunity. Mr. Fitness, a young Maitlander of i high musical attainment« and of much inventive faculty, tried lils 'prentice hand on some of the dilapidated instrumenta, and I bo rtucoeeded in restoring them BO tully to their pristine vigour and attraotlvencsa that lie soon found his hands lull, und lils original occupation a thing of the past. Ula home is now ?> cottage hospital full of lost chords, wrong notes, and the strings that once, etc., whilst lila workshop is simply a musical infirmary. Seriously speaking, Mr. Fitness has done «orno wonderlul work in the renovation ot pianos, organs, and other musical Instruments which bad been discarded as hopeless wrecks by owners and incurable oujeolg by other« ia lit» business Tho oilier doy wo lind a look In at his workshop In Abbott-street, and were shown what was to all intents and ' purport!« a splendid Instrument by Siegel and Slade, the original prlco of which would bo about £76. Mr. Fitness , annoyed it tor a period, and its notes were as mellow, as , crisp, as sonorous as probably they were ia their best day, yet it had been in the Marou flood, waa under water for at least four days, had been sold very willingly by its owner-a lady wo know intimately-for £1 when It was in seotlons and thought to be past redemption, yet Mr. Fltuees haa restored every portion ot It In every resnrot. That Is one specimen of our own townsman's unique skill, It is only one of many, butlt Is deserving of recognition and commendation. Titi« make» something like the tenth piano fhat Mr. Fitness has pat through his hand« tinco he has adopted piano tuning and re Ímiring as a profession, and yet soino people who posed as udges declared that it was impossible tor ally man to put the flooded pianos in anything like order. If títere ara now any sceptics on this point Mr, Fitness will te glad to show them several of the forsaken and outcast pianos and organs which ho has restored to their owners who now declare that the instruments are as good as they were when new, thanks to the maslcal skill and mechanical genius postoBsed by this young; Maillander. GOOD TTMI'LAU« -On Wednesday evening last ttio members of Australia « Hope Lodge No 41, Good retnplara West Mait- land, took tile ocoanion to welcome Uro John IV Tender hom«) alter lil« trip to Knglaml There wa« a very large attendant« of meinbeiv and visiting members from neighbouring lodges. After Hie uni»! lodge bunine«« wa» gone through,Hiro Revett, on behalf »f the lodge extended a weloome to Worthy lfrotlier l'ender Uro W H Newman moved that Hie Lodge aooord . hearty weloome to Bro 1'rnder 1 bo motion was cirrled witta aoclatnatlon, und spoken to in happy term« by several members of tim lodge also by representatives of the Snow Drop Lodge, t Multland, Dewdrop Lodge, Ilolwarra and Mullum in i'arvo Lodge, Hiulou, all tistlliud to the work done by Uro l'under In tb« femperanoe work Uro I'amlir on rising (o rupond, waa w«rmlv received He thanked the members for the way tiley bad received bim He referred lo iii« pleaiant voyage to the old country and the land of lui birth, lia also «poke about bilng tallai! upon to give a teuiperauoe address, and ufter «peaking about oilier «I¿illI« and scenes In lila nativu land, bo guv« a short ucoount of lil« visit to Aiuerloi, where be met the Hey Dr Lucas, who was ovir here toms Hine ago lecturing in the temperance ouuee He «poke of the Chicago Lxhiüitloi), und ol lil« visit to Hie 1 all« ol Niagara. He Hun referred to bl« trip through Honolulu and Huova. Alter referring to eiverul nillir incidents, Urn i'eader again thauked the member», and promised at nome future period to give a full address ol his visit A vote of thanks wa« accorded to the visitor« on the motion of Uro (j .1 Junior, seconded. by Uro Long Jue .respondí din by hrotherafrimi the rinowdrop. Mullum lu Parvo aud Dewdrop Lodge« At the olote of the imuiuu a repust wai partaken »I provided by Ibu member« of Australia'« Hupe 1 odge, to which full Justice wa« done, anti thin oloeid a viry pleasant and mjoyuble «ri ning I'mseNiArioN- Last week a pleasing ceremony took plane at Mina Macartney's Holiool when Mis« Dora Hill (who lia« terminated a year'« engagement there «« tendier nf muslo) wa» presi mid by her pupils willi u very oliólo« gold broooli set with jinuloio» «toni« Mlrs Mncirtniy, In limbing the presentation, «poke In vi ry high lerms of Hu nueces« wbliMi the pupila liad attnlniil andtea'illid totliegrttltudo willoh «be ami Hie pupila felt lo Ml«« Hill fur the cartful and painstaking way in willoi* flie lind oui ried out lier dillie« MI'S lill) had been chosen by Mr O V Klug for Hie punition willoh «lie Ulled with aiion «ueeea« milln i, MAI IKINAI u Kin K Dim im i -Mr It hievciison, M I' ask« II« lo print Hie following lullen-"I'ubllo Work« Department Hyilniy, Dunmour HUh, Ibuj hlr.-WllU reiur inontothe petition priiunUd by you from Mi«»r» .1 Walker, Itlulmnl Juul. and ullur ruldeiil« »I Hie 6l«eilnimld lu y cr, urging lim! II bridge hu meted over Ibu mouth of Wright'» IJruk J um dlrtolul In inform you Ilia) In view of Hie (act Illili Hine I« n good i omi on eue «ide ol Ihurlvri «ml Ihulilie Inliuliiliint« mi Hie nillir side baw their own heal« mid sr« «erred by a dniglur, III" örurelary fur I'ubllo IVorKs nannoU li eule lu lheir ri (UKI. 1 Ilute, eto, J JlAlU INO, Under Hkuretury ' Moollli Al »HUMAN AlUANAI- Wu llttVU liliolycij * oopynf Mooren Aualralluu AIIIIUIIUO und I uuulry Dlriotury lor liiui | hi« I« Hie (orly Hurd) uro) i ublluailun J|e»Ue« Hie eiileudur lor Hie year Uluru i« u gardt'iiirV ualemlur ol'cul. lum lui HinnlUdledliiilulofNew boult) Wiilea und u iiuanlJly olulllulul and oilier liiformulluii reSpuolinir tile Hoviiiiiujnf, I'lirllauuiil, ile A «»nuiiary nf Hie provWon« of Hu New Uliuloml Aot I« «uppilud tilt uoiu»|e|« irclu«!««ltuu> Hat« uri a lintore in Dil« publliwijon, nuil no ul.o I« Ibu enligory ol uluuulluuul t«tuh|i«lim«nt«. 1 turu I» « lill »I Kidney «iictelli« und publie IIIMIIUIOU», lind under Hie lirud ' I'oolul iuliiriiiuliuii ' is « l«l,lnu| Iii« radii wiililu wlui h Ibu pilli,)1 i ¡o»! II I «yetna opimii«, u» weil «. uunlnu« din ellon« iibuiii ruin* >lo In Hil« I »ii ol Hu houk Mill lui (mimi Ibu nunns ol «II lim pn«t lou ils lu NPW Houlll Walis wil1' their dlslauer« from Hydniy 1 ulluwing »ppeuri riillwuv l.iluunullun lueluilliig an »IpliabitUul ll»t ol'»I ¿Iion«, willi Ibu fan« «lililí from H>diny lu teni, 'llilogi worin kuuwliig' I« ii lirudiug whlul) i iiilnlii. n.ili i und Hie «mue muy hu «ni i el ' lliulHi Illili« Juill) |uloriu»llun and par» tluului«abuut Ibu di itiiet ami uilier uuuit«, preeedutli« Cuuiitry Dlnelurv, which fill« Ibu Inlli r bull of Hie book I In eniuplft» Hun II tile ulmuuut I» a« unit lui a« u«u«l and It mine mort lukis ii« rank uiuwig Ibu mu«! /aluuble ol »unit publliailuu«. LAU NI»» , > OAHU ? Ibu nuble new« In ibu Hydu#y pupiimf I lou «.luv und )irlenluy lailuUd Oiieinli r ti ti, mel «I JhvHpunlah IJi viiuiiiinl H,lliiepoil lim »i «reblaUito Hie I udruiu Hund« -A I mpuaul be« UiU iu«ilu foi tin t*teu Hea Ino mai >. ir II/ tin IUIMIII k11 ling nf Ibu Iinji Hal fArlliiiiru -I beru wirm )«< deuil,« Hum Intluuii/s lu loudon la Ibu wuk mili I Di mullir IM -A elifpuuiii of igg« |>um by ii III y |u tuudou by lU llilluiiula wu« r.iltiu i Hu biilUr «r Hud lu gool iiindiiioii -Ibu »otuou tim winn o| mundine» iiimlfi i In Hu Ifouai it I omnium wu« y nrlmly i«rly vote; file I'nluuM pri«Muuu"u Mr Ulmlulo ,i;lil Dilling «II Hie oin»"! I Ion el «liiui/lbrntiig flin K»vy -J|,u jlulluu j'rii»lrr I)»« wploiid Ibu f'litmbut» «Iri-iigibui ibeGoviriiiiii'ni In diul luj Killi the flu«ne««~lbe IJnilel Slate. iiiwi,/ir eoun#el« Hie |««u« of ¿J, Omi MM) nf Ktute Ixjmi» |0 und Hu définit, IWK>«1 ol IriWi u> aljon -Hu llmnu, "f i oin mun« ultel*«! 0» Lera« »luinduuiit of Ibu Liaiiluvrr« Llablllly Hill -Ibe «i1 lecüon of natural nroduola al Hie Dnpirlal I »IIIMII, lia« prorcd of praetlcil benrflt ia luerolianu and InH-nHlug irolgranU J1w# baa been more flirbtlu« In llrixil, and u great nival batt!« li rumoured retulung in til* Or teal ol UM l'ieOdeot'i talpi. Sr. l'Ai -u*n -Elsewhere will be found the Hit ol ««-rice« In tx. n with the above parish for both Sunday (to-morrow) ann Holy Comr inte- 'I be administered at 7 am., arid also at the ii o'clock s¿. rice ; while the evening service will begin at t p io., and consists ot short Krensong and carols. At Illshop'a Bridge lhere will be Holy Communion at o a m, end Uvcnsong at I p m on Christmas my. ST. MAn\\\Cm io it -Inonradvertlslngcoluranswlliboread | the subjects ol the sermon« at the above church to-morrow ((tooday) and Monday (C'hrHma» Day) On Hie last nsmrd day the «mice will Include some special Christmas carols (lobe snng by the choir and the school children who have bren practi- sing them forsomt tlnit), niithcmanil hymn?. Holy Commun- ion will be administered on Christmas Day at 7 JO a m A LATH TnAir. nut itouiiAV MAKFIIS -Mc»»rs Wilks ando lltlm, lion htcrctarlis ot the Multlnnd Heit holiday Association, ha\c been In communication with the Hillway Ceramlisionir» rc-prcllngn late train to ser»o thorc who wish aller business hourn to duv lo \l»ll Sydney during Hie holiday s They were Inlormed b> Hie hecrctnry to Hie Cmnhiisslonira that a train »111 leave Singleton nt half past ten this evening for Sydney, colling at all station» A Í'ROVISIMI MAITLAMHH-In the Ihrahl ol Thursday appears the nfulls of the examinations of students in Hie faculty of medicine nt the Utilvirslty ot .Sydney. Only tho names ol llicstudmts arc ghin ultu no Indlcntlnn ol whero they come from Hut our attention I.as been called to the Incl that among Hiern is Mr. T Vi Llpicomli, son ol Mr W tí Lipscomb, ol this town, who lins continued at the medical school the siiocc»« lie commenced with nt Maitland Here Mr. Lipscomb pa*°ed in n higiily creditable manner the stiff examination that entitled lils going din c1 to the medical school I he list obi» e reltrred to Mum s that he lins now suc- cessfully pn««ed Hie flrft year's cxnmlntllon In the faculty of medicine Ile has also secured a pass In chemistry, and taken honour» In class II in physics We congratulate our young townsman, and hope he will continue in the luccesslul wny lu Which he has comtm need llMTTons AMI TIII HiweioN COURTS-1 he electors of Niw South Wales nie reminded that, pending the holding ol reilslon courts, the ititi sol whlrh appear in this issue lor nil the northern elect orates, It will be their wisdom to examine the roll«, which omi now be sem nt every Post Office the roll Is the basis upon which Hie Nue of elector«' rights vt 111 take place, and every person conceiving himself mtitled to vote ihuild sue that his nome ha» been entered Should his name not apptnr he may attend the rcvl»ion court «nd claim enrolment, and he may at the sume court object to names turollid. Claimants and objectors inu»t transmit claims or notice In writing In the prescribed tnrrn If after being enrolled an elector falls to receive a right belore March 1 lie can before March SI next year, on making a declaration biloro the registrara! lils district, procure such a right It between tho timts of the colkctor's visit and the dnu fixed for the holding ot the revision court any person claims to have become an elector by arriving al tin full agc of 21 years, by having completed the term of three months residence, or, ii naturalised, by having completed a 1.» months' continuous residence within the colony since naturalisa- tion and three months within the one electorate, such person may apply lor enrolment and the- issue to him of au elector's right to the clerk of the revision o-,urt. Uri. Q. Y KINO, A CO-On Thursday night Mr. King organist of St Mary's Church Weet MnlllauU, returned to Maitland by the mail train, and was met at the Church-street station by a number ol lils admirers Mr King has been absent from Maitland about twelve months, and returns looking well in health and more roliuet than when he took lils leave Mr King's ninia objtct in visiting the old country was advance- ment in lils profession, and that has been successfully carried out, for during his stay in London he passed his examination and was admitted an As«oclatcof the College of OrganlBts, being oneofSO who parsed out of 130 candidates In addition to the motbercountry Mr King and his brother v> ho accompanied him vMted Holland. Austria Germany, Italy,Swit7erlaud, Belgium and France, and they were dcllghttd with the musicthey heard there. They were in the midst ol the late gaieties in Loudon, and the most enjoyable weather was experienced. The travellers returned by way ol America and visited the World's Fair at Chicago It being known that Mr King was returning on Thursday, lils friends of the Philharmonlo Society, , members of St Mary's congregation, and other J gentlemen, assembled ut the Church street station, and on lils alighting from the traiu Mr Klug lound btmsslf In the midst ol many old friends ile wus taken to Hie Grand Central Hotel, where Ihey sat down to a capital spread prepared by Mr and Mrs Fry After partaking of the solid portion of the provisions, Dr Power, the Président of the Philharmonic Society, who was in the chair proposed Mr King s health and was followed by Mtssrs I D Prentice, K Blair, II C Hill, W A Squlro, ,1 D Miller, Dr It G Alcorn, W T Lindsay, Vi 1( Ross, It A Hyndes, A A Wall, A J Prentice, Itert Hyndes, nud Gio Rourke, «ho each weloomed their friend baok to town, and expressed warm hopes of the aid be would give in musical matters generally Mr King replied in a lew britt words, and the extent ol lils travel was afterwards brought out in a conversational manner Hinging and other speeches were afterward» indulged in, in which the neglect ol the Government to foster uiurlo was dealt willi A most enjoyable rrtning was spent Mr King returns lo lils friends in the metropolis lor the < lirlstmns liol! days and will resume the dutlts ol organist at St Mary's the first Sunday in the New year BEVISION COUIlTo UNDFB TnP ELEfTonAI. ACT-Tilt Supplement to the Gazette dated Wednesday, Deoernber ¿0, Intimates that the following datta have bien fixed for the ltevision Courts tobe held under the Llectoral Act -Armidale -At Armidale. Monday, January 15, for Hillgrove- noel Guy fawkes divisions at Hillgrove, Thursday, Janunry l8 The Barwon At Angledool, lrldny.Januury 3d, Brewarrina Ibursday,Jan l8, Wulgctt,Tutsdoy,Jan 10, Collarcndahrl, Thursday Jan l8 Goodooga Monday, Jau 2J, for Llsslng ton division at Weilmoringle, Wednesday, January at, lor Carinda ulvitlonnt Walgett, Jan lil Mugara At Kurraba, tuesday,Jan 16 Bingara, Thursday, Jan IS, Bundarra, Saturday, Ian 27, Manilla, Saturday, Jan J7, tingha, Thursday, Jan 25 , Waudsworth, Wednesday, Jan ¿4 Coon- amble At Coonamble, Tutsday, Jan 16, Uilganbra, Satur- day, Jan 27, for Grahway divisional Wurrin, Thursday, lau JA, Quambone Tuesday, Jan 23, Warrin, Thursduy, Jan 25 Dubbo For the three divisions Dubbo, Narromine, uud Tranttie at Dubbo, Wednesday, Jan 17. Durham At Clarence lown, Thursday, Jan l8, Dungog, iutsdoy Jan 16, Paterson, Saturday, Jan 20 Glin Innis Dundee division st Glen Innes Wednesday, Jan 17, Limita Tille, Saturday, Jun 27, lor Glen Innes and Guyra divisions at Glen Innes, Wedntsduy, Jan 17, Kookabookra Monday, Jan IS Glouccsttr At Bullahdtlah, ihtirmluy, Jan 26. Copeland, Monday, Jan JJ, Forster, Saturday lau SO, Kaymond Jerrnce, iridoy Jan 1 'I, Stroud, Wedutsday, Jan li Gunnedah At liotguhrl Monday, Jan 2J, for Bun della division at Guuntdah, Saturday, Jan 25 , Coolah, Mon- day, Jan 22 , Coonabarabran, thursday, Jan IS Gunnedah, Saturday, Jan ii, Mendoran, Thursduy, Jan 25 i ho Bastings and the Macleay I or Bellbrook und Wtst Kempsey division, at West Kcmpei), Monduy Jun If., for Port Mao Junrle and Wauchope divisions, at Port Macquarie, Jan lu nverell, At Aelord, Wednesday Jan 17, ltoushnw, Monday, .Tun 16, Lismore, Monduy, Jan ii , Gntmuii Monday, Jon ».Inverell Saturday, Jim 20 I ittlo Plain, Friday, Jan I», Yetman Wednesday, lan 2< Kahibah tor divisions Adamstown end charlestown, at Nïuea»tli,Tnepday, Jan 2J Maitland LUE! At 1 ust Maithiud Friday Jan 111, Minmi, Thursday, Jan l81 Morpeth 1 rldey lan U Maitland Weet At Cessnock on i uisday, Jan 21, West Maitland,Monday, Jan iii IbeMauning Cuiudeu liaun, iuttduy, Jun .'J , 1er divisions ofTJoopeniook ond turee, Wednesday Inn 24, lordlvldons of Wingham und Woodsldt at Wlughain, Wednesday, Jan 17 Moree At llogubillu, Saturday, lan J7, for Gurah Meroe and Moree divisions at Moree, thuitdsy, Jan 26, Munlglndi Monday, Jun ii, Warialda, hulurdny, Jun JO Nurrubri For Burrin division at Pilliga Vtednisdny Jan 17, Millie, Thursday, Jan ;',, tor Muroadool division ut Pilliga, Wedneeda), January 17, Nurrubil, Monday Junuury ..', Pilliga, Wtdneidaj lan 17 ¡ Wie Waa ïrlday. Jan 1J Newcastle hast 1 ort lt> and Stockton divisions ut Newcastle, Tuesday Tan ii Newcastle West For West til vision ut newcastle I uesday,'Ian i J Northumberland At Coounhoig, Thursday, fun, IB , Goelord Wednesday, Jan 17, St Albans, Tuesday Ion IS , Wollombi 1 riduy lan Ik Quirindi 1 or Blackville and Uretra divisions at Quirindi thursduy, lau rt , Nundlt lutsduy Jun .3,I'ulrludl lliumluy,.lau, ii Kultigh At llelllugtii, Monduy .fun JJ I fur Bostobrick ill vi «ton at Tyringham, on WtdursJay, lau .'4, for Clybucca dlvislou at Gladstone, lutsduy, Junuury 1(1, fir Colts Harbour divisional Billing r lutsduy, Jun 21, Dnl morton, Saturday, Jan JO, Non,buces saturday, Jan jo, for Nuna division ut Woolgoolga Saturday Jan Ml Hubert sou At Denman, Friday lau JJ, Murrurundi Friday Juu lu i Mueclelirouk, Wtdiitsday lu» li. Scout, lutsduy luu 16 iiyliluuu At Cassilis, Wedntsduy, Jan ii, Merriwa, Monday, Jun ii, ityltstone, iutcduy, Jun lei Wollar, Saturday, fun J7 Slngltttiu 1 ur Broke division at Single ten, lunduy lau in , Grttu, Wednesday, Jan 17 ; lor .Jury n Plains and Slnglttoii divisions, ut Singleton, lutsduy Juu Id Turnworth I tirSnuiirton division, el turnworth I m -tiny Inn l81 Swamp Oak, 1 rlduy.J uti lu turnworth I linday,,I tin lu Teuterllild At Dtuiivvutu thursday lau Ji>, Diukt, Thursduy, Jim l8, tor Mut mile lllvlslou at Deepwater, Thursduy, luu in, ItiiterlUld, Muuduy Juu 16, wilsons Downfall, lliuraduy, lan JA Uralla ttulohn At (louth meer, Wtduesday, Juu .4, fur Nowuuluo division, ut Walcha, Monday fun ii. Uralla Wedneeda?, Juu 17, Walcha, Monduy, lau JJ Wull»niil I ur J.rall.» Wttltstud und Wtst Wallsend divisions, ut Plait* burg ami Wallsend t unit house Monday, Jan JJ Waratah lor 11 mullion division al l\ umtali, Wtitiiiiduy, Juu HI, J »milton, lutsduy luu JJ, Wurutuh, Wiitin nitty, Jan 'ii ViluWiuin lor Carlington uud i lithe» Hill division* ut Newcastle, tuesday, Jail Jl Units» v-hirn specially nu io Moiled tim name of Hie plaeu whtru Hui eourt is to he held Is identical willi Hie munn ni ihu ill vi,Ion Kl.-iiitiMhü Ou it I us UM.i li nu liu-iiitui Air - 'J he lolluwlug returning tiinutrs huvt been apiiulutvd Amil ilute' Auront IIIMIIIUU Ihr Um won humml llu/lttt. Illiiuuio, John Byrnes J. P. , Coonamble, Peter Aloysius Polin J. P.; Dubbu (liurgu lltury taylor, J I' , Durlia-u, Umrgu filen lunts, J a ni m Marlin I 1' AlixiiuiWr Mut kuy, J.l" , lilouetslur, lohn Jtithuulsuiii Gtiniiululi, I ti want Diehu iitriiiou vuu Winn II ibu Hiiillngs ¿nil Hit "tucliuy linn»» Wilson, luv»it II Ihuiutis K t mu Iii lim iii Mi yin IP, Kahibah, Duvfd Ii« HIL» IllgtOI I I sal Mullum 1 Suiuiiil lilli Wirt M nil lund Alt* toidi i Wilkinson! ilit Muiiiiliig, (bury M lulu J hil ; Muree, vWlliuui lltury Midgtly. Nuiittbrl Ioho Mitti nv Muudonuld, Ntvvuuellt lust iJii.tiiut. Ilnjuks, Niwtusllu West, lunns Htuurt Itiulgiiit Niiiiliuiiibttlitlil William Inliil t lilli mini, Ouliliiill I want I'ti.l,ivvotiii Jfiiltiuji IftJtllik 1 lumms Muutie«», itiilitll uti, 1 ttsvuid Hlllllll lilli Ifylsluiie huillín I to oi io- Jimmu, dingi luu II,my itolt, Tuumoilli Alixtinittr luhuuttiii luiltiiield, 1 iwunl Hits Whereat : Uralla, Walcha, Michael John Walsh, J.P. ; Walls- «nut .1111111 Brady Nuslt M li , Wurulah, Duvid Wilson i Witkliuiu /i h mobil i I honiton blieitt ( iit»biAtti . -At Hu West Mullliilid politu tuurl rtsltriluy 6'r Ali» M I bllium Hie IJuiuiigh < numil« Urtu OIIU, WHS »WWII III lo- li s| Hliil t'.ollslul/le lu I ole 61 r I I II lluilliuiu Pullen tluitlsliult lu mun luiiett willi u ii.|tu I liiudt hy Hie M ujiir um) ubi. nut II, vvlunlt ititi ti II mi muni Inr HID bullir p,I/ormiiui.i'ol lils ilullts Illili nu b pnwi is should lu nonttrftd iipun him ________ ______________ 