" Bow Shall We Decide This Qucstion?" Non,. wutuj Is Trie WORSE-TO ii.111: NO APIRIPTE FOR IYOUII DINNER., OR TO HAVE NO DINNER FOR YOUil APPETITE There are lots of people oin the one side or the other of this question. When "good diye.tion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to. walrds his meals. But most of us are nut blessed in that way; we either have too much food withoult an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to eatisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, without reaonable limits, it is belter to have an appetite withouts a dinner, because, short of the starvation fline, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ouglht to eat and doesn't feel like cat. fig, stands in need of "alterations and repairsi, Lu illustrate. We recently received a com municatirn in which the writer say-, ' I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy thl food wais pli. soaed, or dill his nature rebel arains the nourihtnent lived on f If the latter, whyi: Let hin clear the mystery himself. Ist says,' In the year 1889 I changed toy work from railway sorter to signalmanu. I had been signa'mnan twelve months, and then alloat once, so to speak, I did not feel mysel. May mouth tasted had, so that ordinaly articleas of diet seemedl to lose their flavor; the palate, to piut it in that way, appeared to have lothllilg to say to thea. One hIlilg was like another, and oneu was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was ulotensive andl my ap;petite ploor, o ith plairns through the chect and shloulders, which were always right before I had iaten anything. Then I was gleatly troubled with winl. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, anl act as it it would choke tile." We cannot wonder that under these cireunl stancles our frieutnd ftaibx to do justice to ihis meals. lie adds that there was what he calls Sa pricking sens.tion " at his heart, as though it were touchled with solme sharp instrument. Then, again, at times hie was attacked with spamles, the agony of which was so severe that the sneat rolled oft him. "1 dreaded," he says, "'the thought of eating, and slari A SCANTY 31AL It.AVE I AIDE, suit I WAS AFTlll) TO EAT. SAfter a time I got into a low, weak, ner* rount condllition, andi felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused mue to lose a good deal of sleep:'." What he meanus by the fear of "something goilng to happen" is, of coursc, tho fear of oIae calamity. sic'h as the lossof his position, his ownl dlealth, r tl.e le.ith of somebody dear to hint. This was fote, as he intillmates, to the impoverished state of his bhItl (the life bearer) Ihis unstrung nerves. nd to the brain enfebled hiy lack of nonrishtelnt. The night of this form of illlcess is always full of ghosts and g*. lies, the creatures of a restless and ungo. erneld imaginatlion. " With great dificuilty,"he says,' I stack to liy work, for I had a wife ail! f unity he. pending ion me. Si I struggledl on, but what I suffered for over two years is ipast try powers of description. 1 .t suiten so onre Iais sUF. rern:i so MucII As I Ave DoSE:'" In the latter statement he is nodoubtedly wvrong, One's own palio is one's own, and is alwrays hLarder to hear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a count!lss multitude who are all the owhile going through tile s.une wretched eperience, only we dln't happen to come in touch with tlhemi H ell, the writer finally mentions that after all tmeical treatmert had ileft him where it found himn he chanced to 'rcad in a book of a case I:xAcrLY .cLIKE His ow having been cnret by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got ile a bottle at .Mr. L.angstare, In Wom.llerstorl, and after usilng its colltects the ailment left me and has nev:r returned since that fortunate diay. I should :ike the whole world to know what it did for tme. I hare been employed by tilhe .idlanld iRailway Company far elvcren years. (signil) " GuosuE LNTnr, " Cat Bottom f1uid, SApperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by MIr. hunt's desire, in orslcder that part of the world at least may know wto thankful he is and for what reason, 