Actors. AMONO numerous stories told of the stage ¡ind actors Liiere is one of un acini' who some few years since held a good position as n third-class artist. Ile used to play paris snell as one of the witches in Macbeth, the ghost in Hamlet, etc. He had learned somewhat ol' elocution, and spoke out in very audible tones and with an important, manlier. On one occasion he was rehearsing for the play of Macbeth, in which the scene occurs of throe witches dancing round a cauldron, throwing various things in and stirring them up together. . In his part he had to throw in and announce " the tail of rat, the blood of a dragon." He, however, called it a dniijoon. This occurred at several rehearsals. Ile had been engaged by Mr. Irving, who more than once pointed out to him the mistake, and afc last, in order to lix it in his mind, explained in a very pointed way that a drunooii. was a man on horseback with a fine coat and a big sword dangling at his side ; but a din yo it ivas a thing with ii long tail and a forked tongue. The net or assured Mr. Irving that the explanation he had given as to the dill'er ence between tho two had thoroughly'im- pressed bim, and that he would be sure to remember and not make the mistake, again. When the play was performed before a large London audience, lie repeated in most, clis tinct and audible tones " The tail of a ral, the blood ol' a lira (¡OOH"; bub no sooner had Hie words fscaped him than in tones just ns em- phatic and audible he said "Daum it, i've said.it again." And the house roared with laughter. On another occasion tho same actor was playing the ghost in Hamlet,mid happened to be on Hie wrong side ol' Hie stage when Hamlet (Irving) came on saying " .See where it conies, seo where it comes." Tile ghost not appearing as expected, Irving sustained the position.ns long as possible, when suildenlya loud voice from the other side was heard by | j the whole house-"! nm th h side. Mr. trv I mg. : I'm Hrh uhlc." The ghost had lints j spoken, and the house cheered at the ludic- rous incident;_ 