THE TOILERS OF THE HILLS. By a Native. NO. XVI.-THE SECOND CREEK. The gully traversed by the Second Creek is situated below Brewer's wine shop, the Pinch, and between the Black Hill and Green Hill. It (or the portion of it immediately. above Burnside) was formerly known as Clifton and Warland's Bottom; afterwards either as Sismey's, Knuckey's, or Slape's Gully, from the names of latter - day residents there. The creek takes its rise from below Ridge- road, a short distance north of Little Mount Lofty, and its Alpha and Omega were in the matter of early condi- tions connected with the establishment of brandy distilleries. The locality of the one near its source was owned by the late Mr. J Baye, and is known by hillites as Brandy Gully; whilst the other was proprieted by in old identity known as 'Sandy' Paterson, and it was situated on the creek just above Burnside. To Mr. Paterson belonged the honour of being entitled the first settler, long before the teatree which formerly marked the course of the creek was 'pulled down.' His hut was built over fifty years ago " of mud walls of a dwarfish height' with boughs of the teatree bent over them for the dual purpose of forming a roof and secreting the existence of one of our earliest colonial industries. A beautiful spring bub-, bled up close by, and near it were tubs and casks of all descriptions used in connec- tion with the distillery. The business paid well; brandy was brandy in those days, and it used to be carted to town in jars placed. within a load of wood.' The only difficulty. experienced by the 'canny' distiller was in 'keeping it dark.' No one but my informant knew of its existence, and his knowledge of what was going on there was heavily mort- gaged to 'Sandy.' However, after the in- evitable intervention of the police the business was perforce relinquished, and Sandy was prosecuted 'with the utmost rigour of the law.' He then sulked, 'wouldn't eat, speak, or sleep,' and after having his money and stock-in-trade confiscated, he, with the keenly sorrow of a true son of Scotia, even ' refused to breathe.' The next to reside on the creek was the late Mr. William Bell, who planted the first garden there. Its situation was just below Sismey's, now the residence of Mr. N. A. Knox, and its principal product was to- bacco, from the leaves of which cigars were manufactured and sold by Mr. Bell. At about that time the late Mr. Henry Warland, sen., built his homestead on the southern slope of the creek, and his garden on its banks was known as Warland's Bottom. Besides garden- ing, woodcarting and dairying were engaged in by the proprietor. Money was scarce in Adelaide in those days, and payments for loads taken to town were made half in cash ind the balance in stores. The old homestead has long since been demolished; but it is remembered by many men and women now (children then) whose legs were tacklod by a magpie belonging to the homestead, which looked upon all visitors or passers- by as intruders, and treated them as such. The late Mr. G. D. Sismey, well known at one time as a miller in Adelaide, was the next to build at ' Clifton Valley,' as he called the place. The residence was two storied, and was at that time the largest out of Adelaide. The late Messrs. Hugh Knuckey and Slape subsequently commenced gardening operations higher up the creek. All the above-mentioned, and a woodcarter named Fenson, comprised the first residents, or toilors, on the Second Creek, and the stories told me by one of the few re- maining who was acquainted with the majority of them were most amusing, but unfortunately a recount of them would be inappropriate in these articles. The valley of the Second Creek from its sources down to Clifton is narrow and rugged, and does not therefore admit of much in the way of cultivation. Near the head of the creek at Brandy Gully Mr. W. Slape has a fruit and vegetable garden of about 10 acres. The soil contaieod in the narrow flats favours vegetables, and a goodly quantity of them are grown. Plenty of water in supplied for irri- gation purposes by the springs which there abound, but fruit-trees, like othera in the neighbourhood of Summertown, are handi- capped by disease. The next garden in situated a considerable distance below, and to reach it the Greenhill-road has to be traversed to just below what is known as the Pinch. Here running from the back of Green Hill ib a steep and narrow one-dray cut- ting which was made by Mr. Fenson. The drive down it or up it is enjoyable to anyone fond of ex- citement. The edge of the cutting is unfenced, so that there is nothing in the matter of pro- tection bebween your trap and a yawning chasm. The Black Hill, bereft of its scrubby mantle by the bush fire of 1892, frowns dowu on your left, and looks blacker than usual; whilst the wall of rock through which the cut- ting leads on your right has been splashed her and there by itinerant painters in white, in- viting you to eat, drink, and smoke all kinds it concocotions or decoctions. Your interest in them is concentrated in calculating on tho effect of your horse shying at their ghost-like lettering, and, if so, how far you would con- stitute ' the motion of a body through space' previous to being picked up in pieces on the rocky shelving constituting the banks of the creek below. However, on reaching the termi- nation of the cutting, lovers of the 'ruggudly wild' romantic might do worse than follow the creek up on foot for the purpose of seeing the waterfall. On the other hand the turnoff down stream leads to the garden of Mr. Roberb R. Slape, which skirts the creek for a considerable distance below the Black Hill and contains about nine acres. On its long narrow-necked strip fruit-trees and vege- tablea are planted, but the latter have recently been discounted, aa fruit pays better. The first portion of the orchard was planted by Mr. Slape thirty years ago. Oranges and lemons both do well, and they number about 400 trees in all. In the autumn aphis makes its appearance on them, but it is washed off by the early rains.' Of apples only the Pomeroys are affected with disease, and it made its appearance two years ago. Other kinds, including the .Scarlet Pear- man and Nonpareil, Strawberry and Golden Pippins, are not affected, and yield good crops. It was near the locality ofthis garden that a team of bullocks with their dray tumbled from the top of the hill down the ravine many years ago. One of their number was fonnd alive at the bottom with both its horns knocked off. Afterwards it formed one of a team that did the overland trip to the Victorian gold fields on two occasions, and it was subsequently recognised doing duty in the streets of embryo Melbourne. So much for that bullock. Below Mr. Slape's garden is the spot whence water is supplied to the Burnside high-level reservoir. Further down the creek is Knuckey's old garden, where long ago many pedestrians from the eastern suburbs were in the habit of purchasing fruit. Thn garden is now in the hands of Messrs. Paul and Julius DimeL All the splendid old orange trees are things of the past. Their situations have been filled by younger trees of their kind, also by applets and cherries. Many happy memories are con- nected with this and other localities situated on the banks of the creek further down. Of crayfish dibbled for and hauled up in num- bers. Of adventures whilst poisoning wattle- bird and parrot shooting. Of gathering wild flowers, gum, and cranberries between here and Ilfracombe. And lastly of a grand old specimen of an early-day toiler in the person of Mrs. Flynn, who used to pedal from near here all the way to town and back alongside her cartload of washing. The cart was drawn by her stanch and favourite white billygoat, which the facetious youth of Kensington nioknamed Snowy William. THE THIRD CREEK. In tracing the Third Creek it was necessary t0 return to the headlands on the western slopes of Ridge-road. The sources of the creek are located between tho head of the Second Creek and Norton's Summit. Imme- diately north of Mr. William Slape's is Gum Flat, situated above Ferguson's Pinch, where Mr. William Trenorden, jun., has an orchard containing six acres, half of which contains nut trees and half young fruit-trees. The latter were planted five years ago, and are doing fairly well ; but the old trees are in a very sorry condition, although not so bad as those in Mr. Trenorden'a older plantation at Tregarthan. The scenery here is magnifi- cent; indeed from anywhere adjacent to Ridge-road it cannot be excelled, and could any of to-day's toilers rise from their graves some fifty years hence they might possibly be surprised at the transformation that will necessarily take place in the matter of resi- dential occupation within that period. Adjoin- ing Gum Flat is Auldwood, the property of Mr. John Moulds. Its occupant was well known m tho eastern suburbs many years ago, and after a lapse of many years I was indeed pleased to meet him. He has during his thirty five years' residence here obtained a consider- able amount of experience, and to him I am indebted for a good many of the little histories contained in the earlier numbers of these articles. Auldwood was when Mr. Moulds came here what the Adelaide natives would have named Ker- nonga (mountain side), portions of it being so steep that one part of it has not yet been trodden by the foot of the owner nor of that of any other white man. The homestead is situated on a tongue or rise of land between two blind gullies, on either side of which ia the orchard and garden. The area cultivated ia the largest on the headlands of the Third Creek, viz., thirty acres. Fruit-trees are for the most part cultivated, the land not being so favourable for vegetables, principally on account of the absence of the wherewithal for irrigation. In the orchard several of the apple-trees were badly diseased, and about 300 of them had been cut down and grafted, Pomeroys, Stone Pippins, Scarlet Nonpareils, and the Beauty of Australia being included in the number ; whilst the London Pippin, Peasgood's, None such (here seen for the first time), Worcester Pearman, Yorkshire Beauty, and William's Favourite were not ao bad. The fruit crop generally was the year before last fairly good ; but this year it has, so far, been a killer, short crops and shorter prices both lending their aids to warrant Mr. Moulds re- ferring to it in this wise. Wailings re assess- ment at £15 per acre were here apparently justifiably indulged in. 'I will givo you forty aores of land be assessed,' said Mr. Moulds, 'if you will walk over it.' But even with laddering that would be impos- sible, as that quantum of it is perfectly in- accessible. 'Appeals are too expensive, so I have to pay up, grin, and bear it,' he added ; but in this he is wrong, for on the authority of one of the heads of the Taxation Department I am now enabled to inform him and many others who complain of over-assessment that they have only to apply direct to the depart- ment, and applications will receive due consideration without the expense of en- gaging either lawyers or agents to act for them. Further north and similarly beautifully situated is the steading of Mr. W. Lovibond. His orchard and garden is in two plots— one containing fourteen acrea and the other (or older portion) six aores. The drive through the first mentioned ia skirted with walnuts, which were looking somewhat sunburnt. This was accounted for by the fact that their elevated situation ia wanting in moisture. About 1,000 apple- treea have been planted on this portion of the property, and all are more or leas diseased. Taken as a whole they were very bad. Several were bearing nothing, and Bismarck's, which had previously done well, were then ' resembling cricket balls,' Adams' Pearmain being perhaps the beat of the lot. On the flat in the upper garden cabbages had been grown, but clubfoot had recently been so bad that the plots have been planted with filberts. In the old garden below the house there are three splendid springs, and below them are vegetables of luxuriant growth, French beans being specially good. Hot lime ia here placed in the holes previous to planting cabbages, and as a pre- ventive for clubfoot it has been found to answer very well. There are two magnificent looking peartreea in the old garden, but they have not borne for years, and none of those of younger growth have so far done any good. Speaking generally, the cherriea have borne a good crop, and the trees are clean ; plums, no crop at all ; damsons, fair ; strawberries, a con- siderable area planted, produced the best fruit for many years; whilst of raspberries and gooseberries there is a goodly number, and they bear well. In the matter of disease pre- vention eau celeste and copper spray was tried on fifty old apple-trees two years ago, but although used during 'bud breaking and bloom' no good results were obtained. Of the gardens situated on the main tribu- tary of the Third Creek that of the late Mr. H. Greenham is nearest its sources. Other places immediately below it are the better known to Adelaideans, notably Grove Hill (or Giles's), Baler's tea garden, and the old Rock Tavern, now a private dwelling house. Greenham's was planted forty years ago, and is now occupied by Mr. T. Playford, jun. The acreage ia about twenty-five acres, and the principal fruit-trees are cherries, apples, pears, plums, quinces, and a few peaches, which were planted two years since. All the old trees are very badly diseased, although the apples are better this season than last. However that is not saying much, as last year only 10 bushels of marketable apples were gathered from some hundreds of trees. Several have been cut down and grafted with Mr. Gladstone's and the Northern Spy, and it is to be trusted that the ' Mr. Gladstone's' may prove to be the Home Ruler of both a better crop and better prices. [..??..], they ought to be, for he's a bit of a grafter,' afterwards remarked my pilot. Pears grafted some years ago are as bad as those ungrafted. Cherries cut back for ' working' were found to be full of pith in the centre of the old stems, and those that have been grafted are shotholed. Fungoid is plentiful on all of them. Apples, pears, and plums are only too bountifully supplied with it. On the rise near the main road one and a half acres have been planted within the past two years, and they aru doing very well, but as Mr. Playford has only been in occupation of the property for a comparatively short time no doubt a con- siderable improvement will be effected in both growth and culture in the near future. Adjoining ia the well- known estate of Grove Hill, and it, both in the matter of age and the area under cultivation, deserves special mention. Its original owner was, as most people are aware, the late Mr. Charles Giles, the well-known horticulturist and floriculturist, who, previous to its pur- chase fifty years ago, resided on the South road. Happening at that time to visit the vicinity ot Norton's Summit he was most favourably impressed with what he afterwards named Grove Hill. Returning home he on the following day revisited the spot, bringing with him a spade for the purpose of testing the quality of the soil below its surface. The test proving satisfactory he applied for the survey of a section there, and purchased it at the rate of £4 per acre. After its purchase he was in the habit of walking to his newly-acquired property every Monday morning from the South-road, carrying with him a week's provisions. There was no road up the Third Creek in those days, the nearest track to it being by way of the hills to Norton's Summit. And years after he and his family had settled at Grove Hill he was obliged to carry everything in tho matter of [..??..] and household requirements on his shoulders down from the Summit.' His love for horticulture here in the first instance was manifested, and a cutting from an old Register proves that forty years ago he challenged the then [..??..] of the colony to ' Show a collection of roses against his' for the sum of £50. But either the money or the roses were wanting, probably both, for the challenge was not accepted. After the planting of the orchard, some ten years later, a fire was occasioned by some neighbour in blasting wood. Thedamage then sustained by Mr. Giles in the Ioss of sixty acres of trees with a fair crop amounted to about £10 000. Fruit-trees were fruit-trees then, and common apples fetched 20s. per bushel and one tree (a. Stone Pippin) which was partially destroyed by the fire had 'yielded fruit to the value of £40 that season.' Mr. Giles was always a successful exhibitor at our metropolitan Shows, but his best record as an exhibitor was on the occasion of tho Exhi- bition held during the Duke of Edinburgh's visit, when eighty-five prizes were placed to his credit, exclusive of three medals, one of the latter being for the largest and best collec- tion of fruit. Such is an outline of the history of Grovo Hill in thp days of its founder. It is . now in the occupation of Mr. Charles Gilts, hia Bon, to whom I am indebted for the foregoing particulars. Near the entranco gate to Grovo Hill are Eomo splendidly crown trees. Included in their number are the oak, elm. Sycamore beech, poplar, and mountain ash. Near them in a tounuin playing, which is fed by a spring higher up. To che left ure the greenhouses, fernery, and hothouse, and each of them contain flowers and ferna of tho choicest de unriptions To give a full description of the orchard is a matter of difficulty, there ia bo much of it. The firo of thirty yeara ago was not an nnmixed evil. The orchard at that time was planted with all kindH of treea and ' thousands of them were rubbish' as compared with the varieties obtainable nowadays. The ettms of those that were burnt were in many esses cut and grafted with better sorts. AU kinds of trees are or have been grown here, but disease i3 rampant. Cutting back has beon indulged in to a considerable extent, but Eeveral of the stocks wither away and die after having been out. Some of the plum and apple grafts are attacked and perforated by a Email crab, which starts at the top and eats its way down to tho butts. Hundreds of cher ries, apples, pears, and plums have been dug np, and other trees, including apricots and peaohea, have been planted. All of them ao far look well. Of orange-trees there are about 100\. Thoy aro planted in a blind gully, and bore a splendid crop laat year, Living been greatly assisted by an appli cation of Fison's fertilizer. Walnuts thirty-five yeara old still bear well, but present a somewhat withered appearance on their uppermost branches. A miniature forest of figtreea was at one time contained in what is called Fig Gully, but their fruit was so much appreciated by the birdu that they had to be grabbed out, and the gully is now planted with applea, cherriea, and' plums. All the lower portion of thia immense orchard 1b drained underground by one central drain, 3 ft. square, made of stone, aud others from the sido gullies are connected with id. Irrigation is not required even for the oranges. In concluding this. notice of Gtove Hill the opinions of the present proprietor- will be quoted. He says—' I am continually grafting with better kind* so as to keep pace with pre sent requirements. It ia no use growing small fruit; it must be large and showy, in eapective of quality. I think there might be a large export trade to England of apples and pears, but freights are far too' high. I sent! about 400 oasea tnere two yeara ago, which resulted in great loaa. When I then went to England I took a small consignment (forty cases) and felt sure of success, but when they were unpacked I wa3 surprised a5 the bad condition of the fruit. We ought to have an advantage over Tasmania, as - wa cculd pack our fruit nearly a fortnight later. Small Stunner Pip pinB were selling in England at 3d. each. If we could get our fine samplea landed there in Rood condition they would realize Is. each. The best kinds of apples for shipment are Strawberry, Sturmer, Stone, and London Pippins, Dunn's Seedling, Scarlet Nonpareil, and French Crab, but the Ribaton Pippin is the apple that would sell if it could ba landed in good order. .Pears would also sell well, and there are very few imported. Napoleon and Blano Perne are the only two that would suit the market]. They have plenty of cooking varieties, so that they are not re uired.' Three yeara since two cases of Water loo cherries were sent from here to Colonjbo by Mr. Giles, and they arrived in such good oondition that an' order was forthcoming for further ehipmenta of 20. cases' by each ateamer, but owing to its late arrival the order was not executed. Apples' and pears' also' sell well. Some of each were taken there by Afc Giles, *nd the former ralized two rupees (about 2s. 8d.) per dozen. With regard to the ' black spot' in apples, Mr Gile3 ia of opinion that it ia occasioned by climatic influences, and that 'all the spraying in the world' is not much good. If you get a dry, hot season the disease is; very trifling, and his favourite disease -re'siatera' are the London Pippin and Reinette du Canada. The ' yield from the former at Grove Hill was close on 1,000 bushels,' some of the treea yielding 20 bushels of a fair aample thia season. The pear crop was small and 'fearfully diseased,' but plums were good, though they scarcely paid for picking. Three acres' of almond- treeB, thirty years old, had been cut down, as ' they never used to bear, and the frost cuts the bloom, causing it to die off.' Mr. Giles has a very high opinion of Fiaon'a fertilizer ; it ia expen sive, but after using it for his orange-treea it doubly repaid him. Three hundred hoefiheada of cider was made at Grove Hill aome five yeara ago, but it 'turned oat a dead lose.' If, however, it could be made as it is in Devonshire ' it would knock our sparkling colonial beer flat.' Mr. Gil»w was ill at the time of my visit, and I acknowledge my indebtedness to him for furnishing the above particular; coming as they do from a practical grower they Bhould be of value. Space will not permit of a more lengthy description of this, the largest and pioneer orchard on the Third Creek, but its area of cultivation and the immense amount of work done there ia a lasting memorial of the enerey and enterprise displayed by its founder, the late Mr Charles Giles - Sen 