/ Novelist. !A MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. CHAPTER V By SPBOT.UXJM. A few moments' thought convinced Dash ol fine fact. ; The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really a corpse; and again, remarkable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whose pallid features he had gazed upon under the moonlight upon the lonely beach. ~ He was astounded at the remarkable resemblance, and satisfied that there was some myseterious connection between the ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, he determined to solve the mystery. > While coming to this resolution, he had been standing just within the door-way, gazing at the girl. i The latter appeared fo be in the company of (two gentlemen. ( Her companions were remarkable-looking •?nen, evidently foreigners. ' One was tall and slender, while the other was short and. thick-set. Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyes, and raven-black hair. •' Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, when the attention* of one of the men was directed toward him, > Seeing that he had.attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and walked elowly down the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon the eve of departure, and he felt that it would not do to.let t.hem go without ascertaining something .about them. While he was still standing there, and considering what course he should take to accomplish his pupose, he heard a step approaching along the hall, and, upon turning, discovered that tho newcomer was the taller of the two men whom he had seen in company with tho girl. As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, he fastened on the latter a steady, enquiring glance. " I reckon that fellow will know me again when he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young man,-as he started to descend the stairs. From the fact that the man had passed him, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on the point of departure, and he determined to postpone his enquiries until a more opportune occasion. • Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, having nothing' particular,to do. strolled into the billiardroom. He had been seated there but a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so impudently came into the room also, ! Hie latter took a seat directly opposite Dash,.and again fastened his gaze upon the young fellow in a fixed and impudent manner. ' Our readers are all well aware that it [is not a very nice thing to be impudently stared at by a total stranger, and Dash began to feel rather uncomfortable. For some time he paid no atteniioii to the man, but directed his gaze carelessly about the • room ; but every time he glanced toward the man sitting opposite, he found the latter's gaze fastened upon him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously annoyed by this offensive surveillance, and in retaliation he faced the man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. Thus for a few seconds the two men faced each other, until it became necessary f or one or the other to Bpeak. Dash was the one who decided to. venture apon this experiment, and he said i " Are we acquainted, sir ?" "No," was the laconic reply. " Then why do you gaze at me in such a manner?" " Because I choose to!" was the impertinent .reply- . — " Well, I choose that you should desist from looking at me in such a fixed manner; it is .offenssive," said Dash. ; "I thought a few moments ago/when I eaw you trying to etare a lady oiifc of countenance, that you approved of such little pleasantries," said the man. Dash instantly recollected that he had stared at the man's companion, and being a frank, generous fellow, not at all quarrelsome, naturally he thought that an explanation was due, and he said: . " 5 -can give a good reason for my seemingly impertineafe conduct, sir." ! "I should like to hear it," answered the man. " The young lady whom I saw in your company bears a remarkable resemblance to another person whom I met under peculiar circumstances." Upon hearing this reply the dark face of the acresger became livid. His lips were bloodless, and a fierce, threatening light gleamed in his eyes as he said, in a low, husky voicc: "As you have offered this explantion, will you please go still further, and explain under what circumstances you met the lady who you .say resembles my niece?" " I did not say that it was a lady," replied 'Dash, with provoking coolness. " Well, will you state who it was "-I do not think that I will, under present .circumstances." j "Imay compel yem tot, 1 'wasjfoe fierce re- When you do I may tell," replied Dash. Do not provoke mo too far, young man; it nifty provo dangerous." "It is ymu'aelf who had bettor fee carefuH You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust ^conversation upon me,"replied Dash King- \- fV yOU , were tl,e aggressor; you in suited a lady under my charcre " "That is false!" "Do you give me the lie ?" "I would serve you right if I were to give you the palm of my glove on your cheek," said JJasli, angrily. " No; you are a loafer; you dare not strike a ceTitlGina.ru This was the first time that such an epithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, lie advanced and raised his baud, intending to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the latter suddenly sprung from Lis seat, and r ashing at the younger man, struck a powerful blow at him. Dash was quick-eyed and an export boxer, and throwing out his left arm he warded off the blow, and with the right hand knocked the other's hat off. His antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-be assassin, saying, m a firm voice: "Stop ! you must not shoot." The man who had thus opportunely interfered in on behalf of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been a companion of the young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoke in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As he turned the weapon aside, and while still holding the aiyi of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : " What is the trouble "You must ask your friend," returned our hero. * You must be careful, my friend will kill you F " I think not," was the quiet reply " But he would have killed you had I not come." " "X DU did not save my life but your friend's," replied Dash, and as he spoke he showed a pistol in his hand, adding: " Before your friend could have raised his arm, sir, lie would have been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." " My friend is not an assassin. You must have insulted him grossly, or he would not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in the middle of the day; there was no one in the room at the moment the actual outbreak occurred, and consequently the above conversation passed without heing heard, except by those taking 1 part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : " It was your friend that insulted me; and the best thing you can do is to take him away with you." While the above conversation was transpiring the tall man had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glance that was menacing, and meant danger at fome future time. Thp stout man seemed to possess a wonderful influence over him, and it was only at his friend's request that ho was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now took place between tho two men, in the Spanish tongue. Our hero was a fine Spanish scholar, and, unknown to them, heard and understood every word that passed between them. What led to the troubleasked the thickset man of the tall one. "That man recognised Gertine !" was the reply. " Recognised Gertine ? Impossible 1" "Yes; but lie admitted that he did." "You have been fooled, Alonzo." " No; I tell you he said that he hadgeen her - before." ~ " Then he wa3 making sport of you. It is impossible that he could have seen her before, and no one should know that fact better than you." " Ah, but you do not understand ; he said that he had seen some one who looked RO much like her that he could almost swear that it was the same person. And to thee again, Del Fuer, none should know better than thou that there was but one person who looked so much likeour Gertine." After a short silence, the stout man said : "Are you sure that you did not misunderstand the young man ?" " I am sure." " Well, Alonzo, remember that we have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shooting him down in the street." " I cannot be goaded." " But you must not be rash; you must apologise. We must make a friend of him; then, if we cannot use him, we can remove him without any noise." Dash congratulated himself on having been taught the Spanish language, and at tho same time came the thought that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. " I will go—you are are cooler than I; you make him you friend," said the tall man. •The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by his friend- — 1 — -latter turned Lu Z^asn and said: " You must forgive my friend ; come,let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstances he was quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on nis guard, he was willing to take long chances to win. CHAPTER VI. "You will forgive my friend?" said the Spaniaed. "I will forgive bim on condition that he apologises. " He shall do so, but not to-day. lie is too much excited. But come, you and I must b® friends. I like your looks, and I feel that I can like you too." "Iam willing to be friendly with anyone who is friendly towards me," said Dash, iu an easy, off-hand manner. " I wish to be friendly toward you, and I am sorry that my friend had this trouble with you ; I beg that you will tell me liow it came about." " Well. I eaw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a gentleman's privilege in admiring her for a moment from a (distance." , " Yes, Gertine is beautiful—very beautiful; but my friend says that you stared at her." " It is possible that I did gaze at her very intently for a moment, but I meant no offence and I had an excuse for so doing." " Yes, yes, I know that you did; but I pray you tell me what it was that attracted you so r* " Her resemblance to another person." " Ah, yes ; that is a common mistake. But tell me, does she resemble a lady friend?" "Since thinking the matter over, sir, I have come to the conclusion that, this young lady does not resemble any one wli«>m I ever knew," said Dash, evasively. , " Then you made a mistakje ?" The man Del Fuer fixed a. penetrating glance , upon Dash when he asked this last question, and Dash looked exceedingly innocent and indifferent as he replied: " Yes; we will say that I made a mistake." " I think that such is the case, for my child has been in Australia but a few days." Some further conversation of a similar character to that above described followed between Dash and the man Del Fuer. After an interval Dash found an oppc^nsst^? to make the acquaintance of the clerk -of the hotel, when he sought to find out something concerning the mysterious strangers. The clerk could furnish bim but little satisfaction. He slid that the guests had airivttd only that morning, and that he had seen bufc little of them. " From whence did they come ?" he i. I'Froaa Sydney, "was the reply. ^— " How did they register ?" "As Pedro Del Fuer, and A. Gomez and niecc." " That is strange," said Dash. " What is strange ?" enquired the clerk. " Why, that the stout man, whose name ii Del Fuer, should say that the girl is his daughter." "She may be, for all I know ; but she was not registered as his daughter." D.ith, after a little adroit dodging to avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of the apartment occupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining theirs. He resolved to fathom the mystrry to the bottom. Of one thing he was certain. The two Spaniards were villains and assassins, and ccrtain indications led him to believe that the death of the murdered girl coold be traced directly to them. This fact was plain to him, but the mysterious secret was, what connection had that lovely counterpart of the dead with the crimes of the two men. Was she linked with them, or was she also a victim whom they were waiting ap opportunity to assassinate. And again,from whence came this marvellous resemblance. These were the thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon the night following the fracas in the b'lliard saloon, as he retired for the night to his room, adjoining the one occupied by the two men whom he had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought the girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and he resolved to keep upon the track of the parties, learn the truth, and rescue the girl at all hazards, if his conclusions should in the end prove correct. Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upon the side of his bed musing upon the facts above stated, when he was startled by hearing voices in the adjoining room. He was on the point of making a noise, so as to notify the parties in the next room that they might be overheard, when he was startled by hearing a smothered scream or cry for help. All scruples at once vanised. He had previously observed a hole in the partition where a stove-pipe had once passed through, and leaping upon a chair, he. put his face to the aperture and glanced into the room from whence the smothered cry for help had come. The gas was turned on at full blaze, and our hero was once more surprised and astounded by a startling discovery. Upon her knees upon the floor, with Iier hands clasped and raised in a beseeching manner, was the girl Gertine; while over her, with gleamiug eyes, and a face convulsed with anger, stood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but one of the most elorious beauties that the dazzled eyes of Dash had ever gazed upon. At length the latter spoke, and her words were in the^gpanish tongue : but, fortunate!}', as our readers will remember, our hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, and had no difficulty understanding every word that was spoken. " So you will still dare to rebel against my authority! said the elder woman from between her clenched teeth, " No, no ! I will not rebel against yon, Isabel. But why make me be obedient to those dreadful men ?" was the trembling response. "You forget that Don Alonzo is my relation." " But he is a stranger to ine." " No, he is not; he often fondled you when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. You used to be fond of htin once." ,., I hate him now 1" wai the abruptjekfilamation. . . - r.Vr -- " Hiefc! be oareful! ijgfipt'daro to say thtt jR^am. or I will make you loarjr!" __ ~~" You are cruel, aricT you will teach me to hate you." ~ . - J ' {jertme, you will T^gret every word you -are-now uttedeg." " I will regret my lagfc .words now if you will only take me to some place where I will never see that man again." •" Once again I warn jrnu, Gertine." - If you do not heed my prayer I will floe away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" "I say, that if you do not take me to some place where I will never see that man again, I will fly away and find one myself." " All! Well, I am glad that you told me. And now, listen to me—if you ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, I will find you." Oh, Isabel! you never, spoke to me noi treated me in this cruel manner until that man crossed our path," murmured Gertine. I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-uiglit, Gertine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or make the faiutest attempt to escape I will do what I threatened. Now mind!" As the woman uttered the last words, she gave Gertine a push that knocked her over upon the floor, and then the elderly woman left the room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as the younger girl had called her, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in the lock, securing the door from the outside. Full half an hour passed, during which Gertine remained sobbing upon the floor, while Dash retained his "position at the aperture watching her. At length the girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyes were still filled with tears, but a resolute expression rested upon her features, as she exclaimed in excellent English: " I will fly from tliis bondage, even if I have to leap out of the window. She crossed the ro'om and tried the door. It was locked. "lama prisoner! Would that I'had the strength to wrench that lock off. Once away from these people and I would take such precau tions that they should never find me again," she murmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping down noiselessly from his perch, he secured the key from his own door, and re- mounted to his position. As he glanced a third time into the room a sight met his gaze that caused his heart to cease pulsating, and the blood to curdle through his veins with icy coldness. He sought to utter an exclamation of warning, but his powers of speech were suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged in his heart, when once again, though unable to speak, a happy idea struck him, and he made one last effort to save a human life. CHAPTER VII. The si<*bt which met the gaze of our hera was one well-calculated to freeze the blood in the veins of one more accustomed to scenes ol horror than be was. Before a mirror in the room, located directly opposite the spot from whence he was gazing, stood the young girl. Her eyes were dilated with some fearful resolution, and her features were set and fixed like those of the dead, while an ashen hue added to their death-like appearance. In her hand was grasped a naked stiletto, whose long, slender blade glittered in the gaslight like polished silver. The expression of her face and her s^&sde; left no doubt as to her terrible purpose. Her hand was uplifted, the dagger was truly poised, and its point was aimed directly at her heart. This was the sight that curdled the blood around Dash Kingston's heart, and caused his tongue to cleave helpless to the roof of his mouth. A few seconds only passed : a few more and it would be too late to utter a warning cry,and he was stricken speechless with horror. It was at this moment that a lucky thought Etnick him. He could not use his tongue, but his arm was subject to his will. In his hand he held the key of his room. , , It vug a fortaaatq fact, and a etjj| »fi£fife£ i tunate inspiration' that caused linn to throw it through the pipe-hole into the adjoining room; With a sharp click it struck against a porcelain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with « second sound. The girl heard the fall, and with a low, smothered cry she lowered the murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upen the little tarnished piece of brass. " It is a key ! Heaven must have sent it for my deliverance!" she exclaimed, with gladness. Gertine proved herself instantly to be a young lady of nerve and coolness. It was evident that desperation had led her to seek to take her own life; but now that a chance for escape by other means presented itself, a new hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily she crossed the room on tiptoe, and inserted the key in the lock. It fitted, and the bolt yielding to the pressure, a way of escape was open. Satisfied that she could open the door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to paek a small valise. While Dash watched the process of packing, ho beheld a sight that once again astonished and surprised him. Besides quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise,after having transferred several notes to her portmonnaie, evidently for immediate necessities. At length her preparations seemed satisfae* tory and complete. Then, as a final matter, she dropped upon her knees beside her valise, and appeared to indulge a few moments in silent supplication. Having concluded her short devotions, she rose to her feet, seized her valise, and on tip. toe moved to the door, opened it, and passed cut. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a great hurry, and had not burdened himself with any superfluous baggage. He was in marching order, and the moment the girl left her room he also leaped down from his place of observation, seized his satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo ! the truth flashed upon his mind that ho was locked in. He now remembered that he had locked his room door upon first entering it, and when he had seized his key to assist his beautiful neighbour he had not stopped to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer habitually, but a naughty word did fall from his lips when it he conviction settled upon his mind that he ;vas really a prisoner. "Hang my pig-headedness! this is a pretty state of affairs. Here I have released one person only to injprison myself," he exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a person to be easily discouraged. He was full of expedients, and hastily opening his satchel, he drew forth a long-bladed knife, and inserting the steel in the key-hole quickly, had the satisfaction of bearing the bolt fly back. How little do we poor mortals know how often some trifling annoyance portends some direful calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by the little accident that had made him a momentary prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he would have been a prisoner in a more serous manner. ; At the very moment that he was fumblirig to get out, a man passed his door and nVoved slowly along the hall to another room, searching for the very room occupied by Dash at that moment. * A misunderstanding of the information given him.'by the clerk of the hotel had sent hipi to the wrong room. Had he met Dash in the hall he would have recognised him,but at the moment Dash passed out the inan was at the other end of the hall, an^ when he did return to the single room its occupant was gone* Tho mysterious man was a Sydney detective, and he bore with him a warrant for the arrest of a mtaderer. , LTO BE CONTINUED,j 