FICTION. Brum Kuillilj, Aiuerlr.KU, nuil UUitr r>*rlndleali. The Empress of the Leape. CHAPTER XIX. Near one window stood a high Japanese scieen, with plate glaps panels Ifeodore had briely time to oonceal hrrself behind thi=, -when Lo Gautier entered He poemed somewhat hurried, but other- wise calm enough, as he walked into the rcom, and towards Enid "Before I leave-" Then he »topped suddenly Sir Geoffrey was standing a little way back from the group, one band helund his back, the other pointing with unsteady forcfinger to Linda Despard, while he never moved hie eyes ftom Le Gautier's face A httlo flick of the nostrils, a qui\ er of the lip, and the Frenchman was himBelf again But Sir Geoffrey never mo\ ed , he merely opened his lips, and snapped out one word, " Well ?" "Is this a thcitucnl rehearsal'' Le Gautier asked at length " I am waiting," the baronetíeturned, "for some explanation 'Io a man of your astuteness, I need not bf explicit This lady, monBieur, and you, I hear, are old acquaintances " " You talk in riddles,, Sir Geoffrey " " You are anxious to gain time T, on the other hand, do not wish to bo tr o hard upon you Let me explain, Miss Linda Despard-who has been in my house for some time, the result of an accident, the details of which you havepiobably heard-turns out to be an old friend of yours She is dressed this moment, you perceive, in a charaetei which had been rehearsed under your personal superintendence-the character of my late brother " But what ean this possibly have to do with me?" " A truce to this folly '" Sir Geoffrey cried warmly ' I have heaid everything about the jug- glery at Paddington-the mirrors, and Pepper's Ghosts, and the whole miserable machinery by which I wab deluded ' "Then you no longer belie\e ?" Le Gautier asked, fixing his glittering pyeB upon the baronet's face But the magnetic power was gone now , the glance was return' d »fa sternly, Sir Geoffrey seemed a new man " I do not believe," he replied ' Then take the < onscquences-be a haunted miserable man foi the rest of your days ' You will not be warned I have done all I can for you If you like to believe the tale you have heard, I will not prevent you I say again, take the conse- quences " " On the contrary, my gcod sir, it is you who wiU Le the principal sufferer I wish to make this interview as pleasant aB possible, and cannot do better than by mnking it brief There was a little contract between us, which you will consider at an end from this moment " " And why ? Le Gautier asked hotly " You have proved nothing against me it present This Linda Despard, whose tale you have been listening to, ib no friend of mine " ' Can you look hci in the face and say that she is wrong ?" Sir Geoffioy interrupted "Of course, you cannot deny the truth of her words Then why am I bound to fulfil my contract with you ?" " Because I have your word it shall be so On your word, and by the power I hold over you, T cla.m my wife still " " And in good time, you shall have her, Hector le Gautier." The group assembled there looked suddenly at Lucrèce, as she spoke. She came forward now facing the Frenchman, who eyed her with an undisguised sneer. " And what has the maid of Misa Charteris to do with me ?" " Much," she answered quietly. " Do y ÄU who I am ?" drawing-room A servant who has got ^ ,. hten " by mistake. If I ?%¥ward, throwing her head Lucrèce sterjn¿p one hand apon a table afc her liacK, anf^jj enlighten you. Five years is a long Sine in a lifetime like mine, but your memory will carry you back to the Villa Mattio, Hector le Gautier, I am Lucrèce ^ isci, sister of your friend Garlo Visci " " And I am no wiser now." " But I am," Enid exclaimed. " Father, yon remember Signor Visci, the artist, who used to meet us at Rome ?" " Yee, my dear"-with a glance at Le Gautier " a fine specimen of an Italian gentleman. The only unpleabant recollection J have of him is, that he first introduced me to Monsieur le Gautier." The Frenchman's eyes flashed, and he moved as if to speak ; but Lucrèce continued rapidly : " You may not remember mo ; but you have not forgotten my eister, Geneviève. Ah ! I have moved you now ! Miss Charteris, you were in Rome when she disappeared. He false lover stands before you now !" " It is false !" Le Gautier exclaimed. " Prove that 1~" " It is true-prove it! Look at your ora face there !" Lucreece cried, pointing to a mirror oppo- site him. " Look there, and deny it if you can !" " True or false, I cannot waste words with you Sir Geoffrey, 1 hold you to your promise. Enid, you shall keep your word." " We are not in the habit of bestowing the daughters of our Iioubc upon adventurers," Sir Geoffrey replied. " I am sure your natural good sense and ajittle calm reflection will show you Mhe folly of your demand." "My father has spoken for me," Enid said. " I have nothing to add." Le Gautier stepped across the room to her. She rose to her feet in alarm. Lucrèce stood between the two, and grasping Enid by the wrist, and laying her hand upon the Frenchman's shoulder, held him baok. "Are you mad that you ask this thiug?" she Eaid. " And wherefore ? How does it concern you ?" She looked lum steadily in the face as she re- plied : " Then I must refresh your memory," and raising her voice, till it rang through the lofty room, " because you have a wife already!" Le Gautier staggered b'ck; but he was not beaten yot. " Another of your little fabrications," he said, mockingly. " Look at him !" Lucrèce exclaimed, turning to the others, and pointing at the detected man with infinite scorn. " Look into his face-mark his dejected air, though he braves it out well, and tell me if I am wrong." " Your word is doubtless a good one ¡ but there is something better than words, and that is proof. Do you not think I can see through this paltry conspiracy which has been got up against me ? Hut you have the wrong man to deal with in me fortbat. I will have the compact fulfilled; my power is not over yet j and, Sir Gcoffri;y, I give yon one more chance. Refuse at your peril." " I do refuse," Sir Geoffrey answered, icily. " Do your weflst." " That is your decision ?-And now, as to these groundless accusations you have brought agamst me. You have made them j prove them. He turned to Lucrcecp with a gesture which was almost noble, all the order's instinct aroused in him now. These was ooo aeeperate chance for him yet. " You had best take care, if I accept you at your word." " I wish to be taken at my word. I demand your proofs !" " And you shall have them !" Saying these words Imorece glided swiftly from the room. An awkward silence fell upon the group i Le Gautier waa the first to Bp^a«. There was a kind of moiáture m his eye, and an air of resigned me- lancholy on his face ' "i ou have misjudged me " he said sorrowfully ' Some day, you will be ashamed of this Sir Geoffrey you are the victim of a designing woman, who eeekc, for some reason to traduce my fair fame If I have a wife, let them bring me face to face with her here 1" " You have your wish Hector, for I am here '" Le Gautier hounded forward like a man who has received a mortal hurt and gazed at the speaker with glaring eyes '\ alêne vas standing before him, not without agitation herself A low cry burst from his lips, and he drew hie shaking hand down his white, damp face ' 'ft hat bungs you here ? he asked, his voice sounding strangely to his own ears as if it came from far away " Woman ' Why do you eonie here to destroy me utterly ? ' She shrank back-an eloquent gesture to the onlookers- a gesturt seven ycirs freedom from thraldom had not obliterated " You wished to see me Lo ! I am here ' furn round to your friends now and deny that I am youi lawful wife -deny again that you have ever Geen me before, and put me to the proof Why do you not speak » Why do you not show a little of that manhood you UBed to hare9 Stn le me as you have done often in the times gonp by-anything better than standing there, a poor pitiful, detected swindler-a miserable hound indeed ' ' Therp was a dead silence now, only broken by Le Gautier's heavy breathing, and the rustle of his sleeve as he wiped the peropiration from his face "There is the proof you demanded," Lucrèce said at length "We arp waiting for you to deny the witness of your eyeo ' But still Le Gautier did not speak, standing there like some stone figuu, his limbo almost powerless He raised his bead a moment, then lowered it again swiftly He tried to articulate a few words but bia tongue refused its office Sir Geoffrey laid his hand upon the bell " Have [ you nothing to saj ' ' he asked i " I-I- Let me go out-the place is choking me'" Sir Geoffrey rang the bell sharply. " Then this interview had better close. It has already been too long, and degrading. James, show Monsieur le Gautier out, if you please. I have the honour to wish you good morning s and if we do meet again," he added in a stern undertone, " remember, it is as strangers." Le Gautier, without another word or look, left the roorn, Lucrèce following a moment later, and leading Valerie away. Isodore stepped out from her hiding place, her tace alternately scornful and tender. " We owe you a heavy debt of gratitude indeed !" Sir Geoffrey exclaimed warmly. " It is extremely good of you to take all this trouble for mere strangers. Accept my most sincere thanks !" " We are not quite strangers," Isodore replied, turning to Enid. " Lui. rece told you who she was ¡ let me tell you who I am. 1 have never met you, though once I hoppd to do so. I am Geneviève Víbcí !" "What! Signor Visci's sister-the girl who who" " Do not hesitate to pay it. Yes, Isodore and Geneviève are one. Out of recollection ot old times, when you were so kind to my dear brother, I have not forgotten you, knowing Le Gautiei so well." "But Lucrèce, your Bister, to come h to -uv maid. And Le Gautier-how did you 'in all at sea yet." " It is a long, sad story, and some , wnen - know you better, I will tell you all, but not now But one thing, please, remember, that come what will, Le Gantier cannot harm you now. He may threaten, but he is powerless. I have only to hold up my hand" " And Frederick-Mr. Maxwell ?& " Do not be impatient. You will see him to-morrow j for this evening I have need of hirr- I You have not the slightest grounds for anx^y Le Gautier will never harm anyone more." | "How strangely, Bternly, you speat>" Enid replied. Isodore smiled. " Do I ? Well, you heard what Lucrèce said, and I may have planned a lit*Ie retaliation of my own. The eastern eagle uieB slowly, but his flight is sure. Trust me, pad fear not." Enid was bewildered. But the tir«* was near when she was to understand. With baffled fury and revenge raiDKin. h's heart, Le Gautier turned away in <*,e direction of his lodgings, anywhere to get a" ay from himself for a time, nothing left to hUo nov but to wreak his vengeance upon Sir Geoffrey it the most diabolical way his fiendish ingenuity could contrive-and Isodore. By this time, î»*we11. was no more ¡ there was some grain of Refaction m that ; and he had Marie St. Jean <~^",^ck upon. He sat br'-'ain£ ln ",s rooms till nearly nine time *- '.l,cen^ tno meeting of the League, the last r~¿ ne determined that should ever see his face. Had he known how fatally true this was, he would have faced a thousand dangers rather than go to Gray's Inn Road that night. It was nearly ten when he lowered hie gaB, and struck off acrosB the side Btrects in the direction of Holborn. When he reached his destination he walked upstairs, the only arrival as yet. Had he been less pre-occupied he would not have failed to notice the glance bestowed upon him by the custodian. He lingered about the room till one by one the company came in. They were not long in commencing business. Le Gautier did not occupy the chair on this occasion ; the proceedings of the evening were important, and a Supreme Councillor was present. He greeted each man coldly. To Lo Gautier hu manner was stern to the last degree. The routine commenced and was conducted quietly for some time in the briefest, dry est fashion. Then the president for tho evening rose, and, taking from his pocket the gold moidore, commanded every one there to throw his upon the table. Presently nine golden, coins glittered on the green baize. "One short," 6aid the president sternly. " Whose ?'¡> They looked round, each waiting for the other to speak. "It is mine," Le Gautier c xclaimed. " I did not think it necessary." "You have no right to think; it is not in your province. If you have in any way parted with it" -He stopped significantly, and Le Gautier hastily intervened. " I humbly beg your pardon. I will fetch it immediately. I have not far to go j I can return at once. In justice to myself, I am sure you will permit me to fetch it." "No!" thundered the Chief Councillor with a glance in Le Gautier's face that made his heart beat thick and fast. "And as to justice, you shall have it presently to the utterraoBt scruple. Gentle- men, there is a traitor present !" With one accord they sprang to their feet, sus- picion and alarm in every eye. " Who is it ?" they cried. " Death to the traitor." "Look round amoila yourselves, and see if you can discover him. No! Then be rears a good mask who han a hard conscience. Stand up traitor ! ay, the most despicable ; stand up, and look us in the face! Who is the man who has enjoyed our con- fidences-the man we have to thank Isodore for discoveiing? Stand up, I say! Rise, Hictor Le Gautier !" _ The Frenchman knew bia last hour bud como ; he knew that a bold accusation as this could not be made without the most convincing proof. But despite his failings, he was not the îpan to cower before such a great danger. He bracud his nerves till they were like steel ; there was no particle of fear in his face as be turned at b»y. "I had expected something like this," he paid. " It is not likely my promotiou should pass by with- out incurring some jealousy. I will say nothing about my long services-the years I have Bpent in the service cf the League. My accuser, and your proof !" A murmur of applause ran round the table at this sentiment. There was no appearance of guilt here. "Isodore is your accuser-the proof she holds. You are charged with conspiracy to overthrow the League, in conjunction with another person. Your companion is one Marie St. Jean." Even with his iron nprves under control as they were Le Gautier could not repressa start, which was not lost upon the Councillor. " Marie S6. Jcoo." So art3ttt,t&, "eooatvod from you certain papers for Ihe parpo«« of handing them over to the police. The information contained i therein is complete. Do you deny your handwrit- ing P" i He threw a bundle of papers across the table to \ Le Gautier. As he read them, his white face bev H came corpse-like in its livid hue. But he was fighting 1 for his life now, and summoned all his self-command to his aid, knowing full well that if he was con- demned he would never leave that room alive His calm air came back to him " I admit the handwriting-private memoranda stolen from my apartments I am Btill waiting for , your proof Besides, Marie St Jean is amember of the League, she retorted to me" " Your insignia, which you had the temerity to stake upon the colour at Hamburg -Salvarim, I call upon you to say if this is not so ?" " I would rather say nothing about thiB," SHlva rini said Le Gautier noticed how distressed and agitated he was " I fear-I much fear you have too much proof, without calling upon me " " You stand by a friend, Luigi '" Le Gautier said b'tterly " Do not think of me now Every man must look to himself '" ' Sufficient of this," the president interrupted "My proofs are overpowering You are charged with packing the cards, to force the Brother Max well upon a dangerous mission " "Enough1" the prisoner exclaimed, confront me with mv accuser'" " You Bhall see her. Isodore !" . Ab she raised his voice, a breathless hush fell upon the assembly. Presently a woman entered; for a moment she looked at the group, and then, raising her veil, Bhowed her beautiful face. " Marie !" A deep, bitter cry, following this word, burst from Le Gautier's Ups, and he fell forward upon the table, his head upon his hands. There was no escape now, he knew full well. And the woman he thought had loved him-the woman who knew all his plans to the letter, was the Princess of the League, the most dangerous member, Isodore herself ; Sal varini looked into her face for a moment, and then whispered one word-Geneviève ; but she heard it, and smiled at him, pleased that one man should re- member-heard the little word which struck a womanly chord in her heart, and was thankful, Then she made him a sign to be silent. Stunned by the crushing force and suddenness of the blow, Le Gautier half lay there with his head resting upon the table, no sound breaking the solemn silence. The President addressed the wretched man, asking him if he had anything to say. Ho raised his head and looked dazedly around, then down again. "I ? No, I have nothing to say. My doom is sealed." " Bind him." Hough hands .» ere laid upon the doomed wretch, and fastened him in his chair securely, taking care to make his bonds too tight for escape. Le Gantier did not resist j he knew now there was no escape in all the wide world for him. They left him thus, trooping in to an adjoining room to go through the mockery of the trial which the orders of the League demanded. When Le Gautier looked up he was alone, save for Isodore. " You are satisfied with your work now?" .'Yes, I am satisfied now," Isodore echoed. '. So | you thought to play me off against Enid Charteris, poor fool ! Hector le Gautier, I am going to tax your memory. Do you remember one evening in the Mattio woodB when you abandoned a lonely trusting girl, the sister of your friend ? Do you re- member laughing at a vow of vengeance five years ago ? Justice is slow, but it is sure. Do you re- member ?" " Yes. It is possible that you can be ?" "Yes, it is possible, for I am Geneviève V^ci ? Mis my turn now." And without anotht* word ilelefthim. Presently a desire to live took tb» Place of his du despair. In an agony he tngsed and turned, cutting his wrists with the kp«1 rope till the blood ran down his hands. H» -.oula hear the low mono- i tonous voices from <.«"» adjoining room> the hurry, ing footsteps i> ine road below, and only that thin wall betw'-a bimself and safety. Even the window leadi^o rrom tne 'ron staircase was open, and the I paning breeze fanned his white despairing face. He struggled again till his heart nearly burst, and then, worn out broke into tears. Hector !" He turned round, hardly certain whether it was a voice or a fancy. Gradually out of the mists a figure emerged, and creeping stealthily across the bare floor, carne to his side. It was Valerie. " So you bave come to gloat over my misery, too," he whispered hoarsely. Go, or, manacled as lam, I shall do you a mischief." For answer, she drew a knife from her pocket, and commenced, with trembling fingers, to sever his bonds. One by one the sharp knife cut through them, till at length he stood a free.man. One grudging, grateful glance at the woman, and he disappeared. 