AN EXHAUSTED CONTROVERSY. To the Editor of the Express. Snu,-At length the disension on the Re incarnation dogma is threshed out. As to the Theosophy dogma, it never was on the threshing-floor at all. Its one disciple has not a word to say for himself, nor his pet craze. Him, therefore, we may let drop; and his one poor doctrine we may leave to Max Muller, whose crushing reply to Mr. Sinnett--Madame Blavatsky's one apostle, in the Nineteenth Century for September, as effectually "lays" Theosophy as ever ghost was laid by the abbot's bell, book, and candle in the ages of faith. One very minute point may be noted before dropping him finally. He hints that I am in error in specifying 1,700 years as the time that has elapsed since the date of Plotinus and his doctrines. Very well, here are the figures :-the date of the birth of Plotiuus (according to all the authorities) was A.D. 204; although he lived to a good old age, lie died in the same century; therefore he flourished in the 3rd century. We are now within a few years of tihe 20th1 aentc ry. Subtract " from 20 and 17 remains, according to Cocker. Then, "17 centuries," put in figures, is 1,700 years. Q.E.D. [Still, Plotinus Ihas not been dead 1,700 years, which was the statement refuted by " AEI."-EL.] Now as to the Reincarnationist. He blankly refuses to authenticate his dogma and his statements by giving his name ; and similarly refuses to come forth man fully into the open to defend both. A truly valorous advocate of a transcendental doctrine, of the highest interest and im portance to the world ! This is like writ ing an anymous letter to a well-known person, filled with false statements and personal abuse, and then pretending before the world, when inquiry is made, the most innocent ignorance of all about it. Cer tainly, this style of argument has never been mine, since I began contending for what I hold to be the truth half-a-century ago. But now, of what value can such advocacy as that of the anonymous Re incarnationist be to any cause? And of what worth can be the cause that requires such advocacy? Anyhow, that same sorry advocate of a sorry fiction reduces his personal attack at once to the value of something less than nothing at all-what the algebraists term, a minus quantity-by his refusal to appear in person. For what man in his senses cares a straw for an anonymous letter that nobody can be found to acknowledge? [Mr. Blair, as an old journalist, knows that this is an exaggeration. Anonymous letter writing, like anonymous leading article writing, has well-recognised merits, or advantages, and " Gnostic" mentioned some of them last week.-ED.] Still, in the interests of truth-which is still of some value to mankind-I have some final remarks to make upon this valorous anonymous champion of a foolish fad, before I dismiss him into spook land -that region which is tenanted by all the shrouded and nameless shadows of de parted personalities. First, then, I would strongly recommend him to carefully avoid all attempts at sarcasm when writing-unless he shall follow Artemus Ward's example, and write after every particularly severe passage the caution, "This is wrote sarcastic." As an advocate of a long-lost cause he is weaker than weakness itself; as a reasoner he is simply lamentable: but, as a sarcastic opponent, he is deplorable-which word means, etymologically, " exciting to tears." Secondly, he piteously appeals to me to explain to him the New Testament doctrine of the Intermediate State, respecting which he seems to be in a sad quandary. This is really too funny ! Having from the first assumed the attitude of a dogmatic, dictatorial, and even infallible teacher on this very doctrine, he now flops down on his knees and begs of me to be his in structor! Well, I shall certainly take upon me no such office. This anonymous Reincarnationist may believe whatever he feels inclined to believe, so far as I am concerned-from the doctrine that the moon is made of green cheese round to the doctrine that every man is at least a dozen other men, at one and the same time, beside himself!- [This is "wrote sarkastic." Mr. Blair should remember that he is an author of long standing and high repute as a teacher of theology, and any man who enters upon that high and mazy task is bound to admit his liability to be called upon to defend or explain his views. He can refuse to do so, of course, but he has no right to say tlhat his ques tioner has no right to ask.-ED.] Thirdly: he seems never to have come to the knowledge of the fact that there is such a thing in existence as the vast library of Christian literature and scholarship, accumulated during the past 1,800 years. Never once does he refer to it, even inci dentally; never once does he drop an ex pression implying that he knows of its existence. Now, please to note here that I do not allude to what is called contro versial theology-the points in dispute between the rival churches of Christendom -but to that great body of literature and scholarship which is common to all churches, whether Protestant, Greek, or Roman Catholic, reaching from the age of Augustine and Chrysostom down to the age of Lightfoot, Westcott, and Newman. Here is the very flower of the intellectual culture of the human race. Sound learn ing, conclusive reasoning, luminous ex position, unbiassed conclusion; all are here. Now, without a single exception and the authorities on their side are legion, and unanimous-these splendid Christian scholars aflirm that there is no such doctrine as that of Reincarnation, nor any hint of it, to be found either in the Old Testament or the New, or in the creeds of the Christian churches. But here comes in an anonymous disciple to affirm boldly (from behind a mask and domiino) that all Christendom, and its intellectual leaders for 1,800 years, have been groping blindly in the dark for a truth wliclh stares them blankly in the face on every page of the Bible! Truly, Athanasius against the world (Athanasius contra mundum) is nothing to this! The mere shadow of a name stands all-powerful against an in numerable army of mighty scholars-every man of them a giant in intellect and learning!-[Mr. Blair's own exposition of Christianity a few weeks back was contrary to that of the " army of mighty scholars," &c.; If traditional belief is to count in these matters Papal infallibility should be accepted.-ED.] Fourthly: I, on my own personal ac count again flatly deny that any one of that grotesque list of names picked out of some spiritist magazine either held or taught the absurd reincarnation doctrine. It is not Plato's grand doctrine of Ideas; nor is it even the Metempsychosis of Plotinus. Ballanche's doctrine it may be-whoever Ballanche may be-but even then it is only the waking dream of some unknown French charlatan, masquerading as a latter day philosopher. Fifthly: It smacks of mlnacy to affirm that, when Our Lord thanked His Heavenly Father that His doctrines had been hid from the wise and the prudent, He referred, not to the Pagan philosophers ot His own day, but to the whole multitude of His own devoted followers for 1,800 years. It similarly smacks of lunacy to affirm that the doctrines, so hidden, of which he made mention, consisted solely of the one pagan doctrine of the Transmigration of Souls. It likewise savours of insanity to aflirm that St. Paul-in the parallel passage in the 1st Epistle to the Corinthians-refers, not to the wealthy and powerful pagan Romans of his own day, but to all Christians in the ages to come, oven to those who implicitly follow St. Paul himself as their teacher and guide into Christian truth. And, lastly, it is a distinct note of lunacy to pretend to give an exposition of the text in the New Testament relating to Elijah's return in John the Baptist by roundly affirming that John told a flat fidsehood when he told the deputation that he was neot Elijah ; and a second note of like import it is to shirk deliberately all reference to the Angel's words to Zachariah, and to the coincident appearance of Elijah himself, in his glorified person, on the Mount of Transfiguration.-I am, &c.;, DAVID BLAIR. Armadale, Oct. 24. [Why insist so mulch upon lunacy? Was Ussher a lunatic when he made " a pretty mess" (as Mr. Blair described it) of the ehronological interpretation of Mosaic cosmogony ? Was Moses himself a luna tic on that subject ? History has been said to be " fiction agreed upon," and so it must be to a very large extent; while theology is wholly, in the last analysis, surmise, imagination, or idealism clothed with various concretions of accumulated human beliefs or methods of worship. ED.] ____ 