municipal. FIVE DOCK. Mooting Held April 13. Present : The Mayor (Alderman J. H. Lucas) and Alder men West, Myler, M'Fadyon, Crokcr, and Ghost. On tho minutes being read Alder man Crokcr moved that the nortion of the minutes referring to the gas question be ex punged from the minutes, aud was proceed ing to state his reasons when he was ruled out of order by the Mayor. Alderman Wont also moved that tho portion of the minutes alreudy referred to be expunged, and was also ruled out of order. Both of the alder men objected to the Mayor's ruling, and on a motion that the minutes should be coniiriued asked for a division and a record of the names to be made, but this the Mayor de clined to do, and the minutes were adopted. Correspondence: From Mr. W, Ii. Pigott, drawing council's attention to the fact that ho had forwarded three separate accounts, which together amounted to tho sum of £123 7s 3d, and had also written several times for pay ment, but had so far received no recognition — the matter caused considerable surprise among the aldermen, as none of them had any knowledge of cither accouuts rendered as stated by Mr. Pigott, or of the subsequent communications with respect to tho same, and it was decided that Mr. Pigott should be asked to furnish particulars ; from the Water and .Sewerage Board, with respect to council's request for the extension of the watermaia along King's-road, and in timating that such work could not be carried out unless a revenue of £9 per annum is guaranfeed, and at pre sent the probable revenue was £4 lis ; from the Board of Health, acknowledging receipt of council's letter on the 17th ult., respecting complaints made concerning a nuisance arising from a boiling-down estab lishment on Ramsay estate, Ashfield, and intimating that inquiries had been made by the officers of the department and the Ash field Council requested to take stens to cause the nuisance to be abated — decided that a lettor be forwarded to tho board stating that the nuisance had not been abated ; from Mr. J. H. Camithcrs, M.P., advising a deputation to tho Minister for Works with reference to tlic new road at Five Dock from Lyon's-road to Bay-road ; from the Board of Health, forwarding report of the recent inspection of dairies in tho borough. The report showed that 11 parsons were licensed, 27 cows being milked, and that certain premises required cleansing. The borough treasurer reported the stoppage of the E.S. and A.C. Bank, with which institution the council did business. Motions as follows were agreed to By Aldortnan Crokcr: "That the sum of £25 bo expended on ballasting Regatta-road." By Alderman Myler : (1) "That a dish drain be opened across Harris-road, and ut its intersection with Queen's-road on the south side"; (2) "That the overseer be empowered to have the stumps in Bay View-street ex- ! tracted." Alderman West moved: "That; the resolution passed at the special meeting , oil March 23 that the gas rate be 6d in the £, I be aud is hereby rescinded." The Mayor j ruled the resolution out of order, the 12th j bylaw not having been complied with, but submitted the following minute : — " That in i view of tho dissatisfaction of tho ratejiayers j at the increased gas rate, a call of tlic whole council be made, for the purpose of consider ing the gas rate." The minute was agreed tu, and tho meeting fixed for Wednesday next. ENFIELD. Tlic Enfield Council at its last meeting re ceived a report from the Board of Health stating that the veterinary had.ieported the local dairies to be well kept, and the cattle | in good condition. Tho resident engineer j for Harbors and Rivera oll'cred to recom mend that an amount be paid to tho council by tho department for repairs adjacent to I Waratuli-street. It was resolved that as the j amount was too small, the department 1 should effect tho repairs themselves. Two applications were received for the position of inspector of slaughterhouses, and Mr. Thomas Warren was appointed. The Deputy Postmaster-General wrote, stat ing that arrangements had been made for ac commodating the post and telegraph office in a central position, and that until thepremises j were available, the business would bo con- j ducted at the council chambers. Mrs. Ilodson complained of a mtisunco on Roberts's-road, and the inspector was in structed to attend to the matter. The works committee reported having purchased a quantity of material from the sewerage works — tho report was adopted. Motions standing in the name of Alderman Hudson for tlic appointment of a sanitary committee, and to secure an extension of tlic Cattle Slaughtering Act to the borough, were post poned till next meeting. 