Was it n Gliost They Snw t Mrs. IT. 17. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minuie Parrot boards with ber. The bouse is an old one, but in good order. One night aarly in Decem ber, 1891, the two women locked all tbo duors nnd wont to the theatre, loaving not a soul in the house. They left I he rob burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half* p&et; eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second, liiglil in the mid dle of the room Btood a dark mau of gigantic staturo. The upper part of his face was con cealed by a mask, his eyes gleaurug through the eyeholes in it. His shirt- sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old.faibioned pistol. The women fled scream* ing from the room, And when Mr. Jennings came in fire minutes later be found DO one ID the parlcwand all the doors and window* securely locked. What was it the women saw P " During a recent period of 111 health," writes an American friend, "I bad slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'olock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed W;a the calliiip of my name: and at tho foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as ehe was leaving home to go on a journey, , on which journey ehe was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and faioted. 1 was foolish enough to tell of it, aqd the iootl old women gossips said it was n summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and aui in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it einoet and it's more than three years ago now," No doubt it was the nerve*. Why, there's co end to the tricks the tiorves will-play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of DarracoLt-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows " I was $o dreadfully ncroout I could not bear anyone in the room with mo, yet I did not wish them far away from me in case I should call out for help. Tms was in June, 1889. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little tho better for bavinggo&o; to bed. Thero was often a sovcrc pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was weak most of tho time. My ekia was dry and yollow, and the stomach and bowels fell cold end dead. By*and»by I had to lie helpless in bed. Tho doctor said ho didn't know whatmy complaint was. I took nothing bat liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. Mr bead achcd (0 dreadfully I thought,I should lose my senses, and my friecds agreed that I would nevor got better. '* I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked me what I was taking. &b;<t told me she was horself once jast as badly off, and was cored by Mother Beigel's Curalivo Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this mcdicine, ! I tried it, and in throe days was ablo to walk actoss Ihu room, and by tho end of a week was able to walk downstairs. Now I am as well as over. 1 can est and digeBt my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pro* stration. The original cause was grief and shock at the loss of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only wheu the syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed end toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remaius true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts comc from the lnsido of the peison who sees them, and when Mother Seigcl's Syrup does its work the eyes nnd nars entertain only whnt is nntural and wliolcsamc. 