A Famous IiOiidon Prisom. jfQW IN COURSE OF DEMOLITION. ITS NOTABLE CRIMINALS — THEIR EXTRAORDINARY CONDUCT — RE MAKKABLE ATTEMPTS AT ESCAPE; NARRATED — STRANGE INCIDENTS UNEARTHED. It was not' until 1821 that Millbank: Prison, now in coarse of active demolition, vaB finished at a cost of nearly £500,000. It was the l«rg Bt of London prisons. The site was purchased from the Salis bury family in 1799 for £12,000, and con sisted of seven acres, on which the prison ?«d outbuildings stood, with nine acres of garden at one time cultivated by the convicts. In 1844, during a debate in the House of Commons, the prison was referred to as ' a ' toy, for a parcel of philanthropic gentlemen to keep them Ijukj during their spare hours.' An his torian is responsible for the 'statement that at ?? Christmas time the prisoners were i«* galed with roast beef and plum pudding, aft9r which they returned thanks to the Archdeacon, who was present, and sang ?God Save the King.' ' BE31AEKABLE BEHAVIOK OF THE PRISONERS. About this time the behavior of the prisoners was somewhat remarkable. It is Btated ' They stabbed their officers with ehoemakera' knives, or dug scissors into their arms. One powerful ruffian dashed at an officer's throat and demanded the instant surrender of his keys. A notorious criminal named King met the governor on his rounds, and after assailing him with abuse, struck him in the mouth,' whereupon the author sa- s, « CaDtain Groves promptly knocked him down.' During the governorship of Captain Groves, it was almost impossible to per euade officers to remain in the general ?ward after dark owing to the violent character of the prisoners. On one occasion an officer on duty had his pocket picked of a snuff-box, which was afterwards found on a youug prisoner. By the Act of 1843, Jlillbank was made the depot for prisoners sentenced to transportation, and so numer ous were they ' about this ' time that embarkation to^k place every week. The ' tranBDorts ' were abackled or chained together in gangs of 10 upon one chain, which pjiseed through a bracelet on each prisoner's arm. OLD COLLINS. If the embarkation was to be at low tide old Collius, a well-known bargee, who had permission to make his boata fast opposite the Millbank steps, had brought them some hours before, and ran tl- em aground, so as to form a passage or gangway to the steam tug. This Collins was a well-known cha racter in his time. His spare hours were devoted to gathering up bodies of the persons drowned in the Thames. It was said that he had secured in this -way no fewer than 200 corpses. The parish authorities paid him at the rate of 10s per head. It was his invariable cus tom, bo he assured the coroner, to , wash the face of every corpse he picked up and kiss it. It was all fish that came to i his net. On one occasion be found a bag f Ml of sovereigns, upon which, so the story flzns, both he and his family lived glori ouely till the money was all gone. This piece of luck proved fatal to his wife. Re turning from one of her drinking bouts to ? their home on board a barge — for Collins occupied the oldest of his boats, roofed in — Mrs. Collins 6lipp-?oT off the plank into the Thames, and was picked up by her husband the next day, woo, by-the-bye, did not fail to apply for his usual fee of 10a. Poor old Collins came to a bad end. He was caught in his old age stealing coals from a neigh boring barge, and for six months occupied one of tne ells at Millbank. HELICS OP MILLBANK. The -whole of tt.e records and relics of the prison were upon itB closing (in De cember, 1890) removed to Holloway Gaol, including tne contents of the celebrated chain cr armor room. This room contained many interesting curiosities, such as leg irone, neck-pieces (heavy enough to break an ordinary man's collar-bone), colossal swivel cuffs, enormous chains, iron waist bands, and baby - handcuffs to be toed for juvenile offenders. As late as 1862 a warder remarked to an illus trious visitor. ' Ye9, it's given up now I everywhere except Scotland, and there they I do it still. The prisoners who come up to I tie from Scotland have leg-irons, and ankle I cuffs, and the cuffs are fastened ao tightly I that our people here have to knock away at I them for some time with a heavy hammer I before they can drive tbe rivets out. Occa I eionally tbe hammer misses the rivet and I hits the man's leg.' The few swords, guns, I &c.;, which were in the armor room belonged I to the soldiers quartered in the prison I during the Chartist riots in 1848. I ESCAPES AND EXCITING BE8COES. I At Milbank from first to last the I escapes, successful and unsuccessful, have I heeu many and various, the earliest onre I cord occurring in 1831. One night about I 10 o'clock a qnaniity of wearing apparel I was stolen from the rooms of three of the I officers, and a little later the patrol dis I covered two men suspended on a white I wpe, made of a cut of crossover (a ] I piece of long yarn issued to be I worked up in the looms). When I the rope was shaken the men fell to I 'hn -.round, but they attacked the warder, I and after knocking him down made off I into the gardens. The men, however, were I discovered c ncealed in a hole they had I dntr for themselves in tbe eof t mould. I ^ey were wearintr the officers' clothes, I and on being searched a number of skele I ten k^ys made of pewter were found- in - I their pockets. These keys would -open I almost any lock in the prison. The prisoners I ttrnf-ssad that they obtained the impws I »ioii8 of the warder's keys on pieces of I *°ap, and that they had made the keys out I «f the pewter mugs. These keys are still I *niopg.th« relics. V 7 '???'?; I A POISONER OF GREAT RESOURCE. ' I The first successful escape of any note I »»6 that of a man named Pickard Smith, I who, after breaking out of his cell, I succeeded by means of a rope made of I «oarso thread in scaling the wall- and] I gating away. With-~the connivance of -, I Ha relatives, who were anxious' to jaecura I the £50 rewaid off«red-jby-theBejM*iiry -ot I Stat», Smith was eyentualfy, iSe^pjtoecli ? I A month or two later he was again gte I covered, but just in the nick \\-f tinffe^ -JKffces I on the verge of a second escape. i P fc His removal to another part of the i prison had no effect, for Smith again ! succeeded in getting outside, the cell j window, and the governor, became so be wildered that he petitioned the Secretary of State for permission to manacle the prisoner to a staple in the floor, but thiB permission was refused. The -weak points of the pri-on were soon detected by the watchful prisoner, and every loophole of escape was quickly explored. and turned to account. In 1850 the Governor said in a report, ?' So danger ous are the prisoners, that did I not keep the plans of the prison in my office covered with a curtain, the. prieon«W'' eyesore so sharp that they would at once understand the entire arrangements of the prison, and would thereby discover its weak points and attempt to escape.' That some of these convicts 'were resolute in their deter mination to escape may be believed when it is stated that one offered a. wardar £600 not to notice a rope and a suit of clothes thrown over the wall. v. ' A RIVAL TO JACK 8HEPPARD. The story of the escape of a prisoner called ' Punch ' Howard rivals the achieve ments of 'Jack Sheppard:.'*' ''Howard suc- ceeded in climbing up a small window nine feet from the ground. Out of his dinner knife he made a rough saw, and with this cut through the bar on which the window revolved. Having made a rope of his .blankets and sheets, he squeezed himself through the little window and descended by degrees, with nothing on but his shirt, into the prison graveyard. The sentry, on catching eight of him, tied, thinking he had seen a ghost. With the tdd of Borne planks he scaled the outer walls, and, con cealing himself by day, he succeeded in reaching his mother's house at Uxbridge. Subsequently tne authorities got ?wind of his whereabouts, and by a ruse he was captured and taken back- to Millbank. BURGLAR LOVETT'S INGENUOUS FEAT. In 1882 a notorious burglar named Lovett, who was serving his' term of 14 years' penal servitude, succeeded in escap ing thus : He scraped away the mortar between the bricks of which the ceiling of his cell was made, and, to prevent detec tion, replaced it with some chewed bread. Watching his opportunity, he pulled down a sufficient number of bricks to allow him to enter the room above, in which there was a fireplace. Climbing up the chimney, he found himself on the roof of an out building, a short distance from the boun dary wall. He then obliterated the 'broad arrows' of his prison dress by smothering his clothes with soot, and jumping on to the wall reached the ground. A short distance from the prison Lovett was favored by fortune, for standing out side a gentleman's residence he found a sweep's broom and apparatus. These he promptly shouldered, and made his way to tbe south of London, where, however, he was shortlr after retaken. hackett's letter to. the governor. No account of escapes from the prison would be complete without reference to that of a man named Hackett, who, after stealing some good clothing from the governor's house, managed to scale the boundary wall and effect his escape. A few days later the governor received the following epistle : ' George Hackett presents his compli ments to the Governor, and b3gs to apprise him of hie happ\ escape from the gaoL He is in ^excellent spirits, and assures the Governor it would tie useless to pursue him. He-is quite safe, aiwl intends in a few days to proceed to the (Continent ? to recruit his health. Hackett was aubsequently re captured ?? on the road ' to the Derby, and sentenced to 15 years' transportation. A YOrTNU 'WOMAN'S ATTEMPT. Perhaps the most adroit escape was that of a young woman named Lloyd, who had been a barmaid, and who in the early part of 1839 was sentenced to a short term of imprisonment. Having obtained the good will of the matron, -she was employed in the latter's private apartments. While engaged in cleaning- a -dressing-room Bhe rapidly exchanged her prison clothes for those of a young lady who was staying with the matron. She managed to pass various warders unchallenged, but upon Teaching, the outer gate she was asked who she was. Equal to the emergency, she gave the name of th« matron's young lady friend and was passed out. She was re taken and sentenced to hard labor for a month for breaking out of prison. A prisoner named Grey, - a notorious ruffiam, in endeavoring to escape from 'a refractory cell window, strained himself so badly that he died a few days. later. REMARKABLE PRISONERS... Foremost on the Millbank Calendar stand those of the upper classes, at j lad the 'specials' or 'gentleman'1 convicts. It is said that there were of these at one and the eame time in Millbank, a baronet, two captains, two ex mayors, four clergymen, eight solicitors, and three doctors. Most of these genteel people who found them selves in prison owed their late to rorgery or fraud. There was one old gentleman, of 70 years of age who had been a mayor 'of a north country manufacturing town, and' who had defrauded his nieces out of some £360,000. The officers spoke of him as *' a fine old fellow,' and he took to his work:«f tailoring/ ??like .a man,' and after a very .little 'Ituitura tsould- turn .out a^soi dier'e greatcoat as well as anyone in the prison.' Another.irimate 'was a .Liverpool merchant, who forged bills to the extent oi£150M0. ; - . ; \ A HOBERN- 'BLtTE BEABD.' - ? ? '. A. ? surgeon named . ; J3-r — — , ???: committed, - bigamy on a large acale, and the scene in court when this « Blue Beayd*'. was bqii tenced was painful in the extreme,- there being no less than 13 women in court with . whom he . had ?? gone through ? : the form of marriage. B, ? was, remembered in prieona^aman of considergble^ttjiHrii^ents, Qne'ot ? .this 'favorite ;£eattf -^afi-io; write;&B;::: Lord^e 'grayer itt^vedifEerent'^i^w^es^pn -a ,$ieee of 'paper rrolargetihan sixpence. * .'?': i,^'.-.-,. . .'''.1' '? 'rf'^'. 'fi/'?-5'iKP ;???-... -. '; often landed him in Millbank. He could read Hebrew, the warders averred, as eaeily as the Governor could the prisoners' names. He was discovered one da? writing -Hebrew just when a party of distinguished visitors were inspecting the prison. One of them, surprised, said, ' What ! do you understand Hebrew P' 'Yes,' was the impudent reply, 'I expect a great deal better than you do.' A better story still is told of this man later, when set at large on ticket-of- leave. Through bare-faced mis representation he had been permitted to take tbe duty of a benefited clergyman during his absence from the parish. In due course came an invitation to dine 'with a local magnate, whose place was at some distance from the rectory. Our ex-convict clergyman ordered a carriage and pair, and drove to the ball. As he alighted from the carriage, his footman, hired also for the oc casion, recognised his face in the blaze of light from the open door, ' Blow me, if that ain't Slimy V ? the chaplain man, who did his 'bit* along with us at the * bank.' ' Both coachman and footman were ex-convicts too. After that the secret soon leaked out, and his country parish be came~ra*ber »oo not to^iold him. THE FATHER OP ALL THE ROBBERS. There w«re many other criminals who were in Millbank wuo belonged at least to the aristocracy of crime, if not to that of the great world. Old Canty, nicknamed 'Tne father of all the robbers,' was a most notorious receiver, and as a betting man frequented the great race meetings. Under the Tose for many years he devoted all hi* abilities to planning extensive bank robberies, widen were devised with ' great ingenuity and carried out with great daring. He, however, was sentenced to 20 years, and it was elicited that through his' hands had passed the major part of the proceeds of the principal robberies of the day. It was said that in this way be had ' touched ' nearly half a million of money. A THIEF-DETECTIVE. For unblushing effrontery and insolence, so to speak, in criminal daring, the case of K ? , the detective, is almost without parallel. Although supposed to b*- a tbief taker by profession, he was really an J instigator and supporter of crime. He formed by degrees a small gang of pick nAntofa atmI 'ATnrk?rkTrA-? f.iiATn tn nt.AA.1 fn? him. He took them to the best hunting grounds, and gave them timely warning in case of danger. His pupils were few in number, but were industrious and highly successful. One boy stated bis earnings at from £90 to £100 a week. K ? was a kind and liberal master to the boys. They lived on the fat of the land. The rascally ingenuity of K. ? in turning to hi8 own advantage his opportunities as an officer of the law, savors somewhat of Vidocq. K ? got 14 years. ' VELVET NED.' ' Velvet Ned ' was one of the most suc cessful cracksmen in England. It was he, with Scottie, Brown, and Caisley, who broke open the iron safe at the shop of Mr. Walker, the watchmaker, of CornhilL This case created some excitement at the time, because Mr. Walker brought an action against the patentees of tne safe. They had certified that it must take at least 11-J hours to break it open, a statement alto gether ridiculed by ' Velvet Ned,' who, when in custody, declared he had opened it — and could any other — in less than two hours. Caisley, who turned Queen's evi dence, gave the judge full information as to now the job was done. These prisoners, when at Millbank, were supposed to have several thousands to tht-ir credit in various banks, but in other names, in those days a felon's property was confiscated, and to preserve it tne greatest caution was re quired. A COURT THIEF. The memoirs of another prisoner named Barrington * ere widely successful, and ran throu h several editions. His career of crime was more than curious. His hunt ing grounds were royal levees, court balls, Ranelagh, and the Opera House. At the palace be found it easy in the crush to cut the diamonds out of orders and stars. At the opera he picked Prince Orloff's pocket of a snuffbox worth £30,000, but being col lared by the owner he restored the booty. Much more could be written did space permit about this interesting prison, not a brick of which will be left standing ere a few weeks have passed. 