WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW! Mrs. H. H. Jennings Uve3 at No, 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. Tho house is an old onet but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors aud went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour* At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing ana talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry numour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature* The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt* sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from tho room, and when Mr. Jennings camo in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw " During a rocent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I bad sleptbadlv for several successive nights. On tho fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud denly aroused from a dose by what setmed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of tho bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey sho was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a 6ummons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never peeu it sincej and it's more than three years ago now-" No doubt it was the nerves. Why, thore'a no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Koad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows u I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wiBh them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time X was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and myfrionds agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs Weat, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told mo she was herself once juBt as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigol's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to , have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, ( and in three days I-wos able to walk across the room, and by tho end of the week X went down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. X can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." Tho malady Mrs Fostor suffered from was ( indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra- ( tion, The original cause was erief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci- ( dent, and tho system rallied only when tho Syrup had xjiven new vigour to the digestion ( and tnus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the Bridge- J port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny • visions and sounds mean nothing more or less ^ than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and • dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the porson who sees them, and when Mother Seigol's . I Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain 1 only what is natural and wholesome. 