ALL ALONG THE RIVER. Br MISS M. E. BRADDON, Anthor of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or All in Honor,' ' Aurora FJoyd,' 'The Cloven Foot,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' '.Just as I Am,' 'Taken at the Flood,' ' Phantom Fortune,' ' Like and Unlike,' ' Weavers and Weft,' 4c., &c;, [Published by epaolal arrangement with the suJhor. AU rights reserved.] Chapter XXVTL— I, You, axd God can Comprehend Each Other. It was two months after Allegra's wedding day, and Martin Disney bad been warned that the closing hour of the young life he bad watched so tenderly was not far off. It might come to-morrow, or it might not come for a wefik, or the lingering flame might go flicker ing on, fainting and reviving in the socket, for another month. He must hold himself pre pared for the worst. Death might come sud denly at the last like a thief in the night, or by stealthy, gradual stops and slowest progress from life to day. He eat beside Isola's sofa in tho Roman lodging as he had sat beside her bed in that long illness at Trelasoo, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. He watched as faithfully as he had watched then, but this time without hope. Father Rod well had been with her at seven o'clock upon the last three mornings and had administered the sacrament to her anri to her husband and to the faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the last ; but she rallied a little as the day wore on and lived till sunset; lived through the long painful night, and another day dawned and he found her waiting for him in the morning ready to greet him with her pale smile when he appeared upon the threshold of her room, after going up the staircase in saddest appre hension, dreading to hear that all was over except the funeral service and the funeral belL She insisted upon getting up aud going into the drawing-room, feeble as she was. Tabitha was so bandy and so helpful that the fatigue of an invalid's toilet was lightened to the utter most. Tabitha and the colonel carried her from the bedroom to tha drawing-room upon her couch and carried the oouch back to the bedside in the evening. Before noon she was lying in the eunlit salon surrounded with flowers and photographs and books and news papers and all things that lighten tho mono tonous hours of sickness. Nor was companionship ever wanting. Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing patience. Upon no pretence would he leave her for more than half an hour at a time— just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via de' Condotti and the Corso ; just the space of a cigar in the loggia. He read to her, he talked to her, he waited upon her. Tabitha and he were her only nurses ; for Lottchen was a young woman of profound concentration of motive and had early taken unto herself tho motto, One baby, one nurse. She conscientiously performed her duty to her infant oharge, but she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone elee. It was drawing towards tho end of July ; the weather had been lovely hitherto — hot, and very hot, but not insupportable for those who could alford to dawdle and sleep away their midday and afternoon existence — who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings and a carriage to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. la the suburbs of the great city, across the arid Campagna yonder, at Tivoli, and Frascati, and Albano, and Casbel Gan dolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under Jove's broad roof, with danoing and sports, and musio and feast ing, and rustic innocent kisses snatched amidst the darkness of groves whose only lamps are fireflies — deep woods of ilex, whore the nightin gale sing3 long and late and the grasshopper trills his good-nighb through the perfumed herbage. Here in Rome the heat was more oppressive, and the splashing of the city's many fountains was the only relief from the glare and dazzle of the piazzas, the vivid whiteness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boule vards. Blinds were lowered and shops were shut in the blinding noontide heat, and through the early afternoon the eternal city was almost as silent and reposeful as the sleeping beauty — to awaken at sundown to movement and life, and music and singing, in liehted streets and crowded cafes. Suddenly, in the dim grey of the mornmg, the slumberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain — torrential rain that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter and splashed from every house top, and ran in wild cascades from every alley on the steep hillsides. The Campagna was one vast lake, illumined with vivid flashes of light ning, and the thunder pealed and reverberated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aque ducts. The tall cypresses in the Pipcian Gardens bent like saplings before that mighty wind, which seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as it came tearing down from the hill to whistle and rave among the housetops in the Piazzi di Spagna. ' One would think the ghost of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the tempest,' said Isola as she listened to the fitful sobbing pf the wind late in the dull grey afternoon, while her husband and Father Rod welljsnt near her couch, keeping up that sad pretence of cheerfulness which love struggles to maintain upon the very edge of the grave— the broken-hearted make-believe of those who know that dtatli waits at the door. 'Hark !' she cried. 'There cotnos a shrill cry every now and then like the soieam of a wicked Bpirit in pain. 'Rome i3 full of ghosts,' answered the priest, ' but there are the shadows gf the (rood and the great as well as of tho wicked. Walk ing alone in twilight .on the Aventine I should hardly be BurpriEed to meet the spirit of .Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scenes of his saintly life ; nor do I ever go into the Pan theon at dusk without half expecting to see the shade of Raffaelle. And there are obbers — eome I knew in the flesh — Wiseman and Antonelli, Gibson, the sculptor, consummate artist and gentlest of men — yes, Rome is full of the shadows of the good and the wise. One can afford to pub up with Nero.' ' You don't mean me to think that you be lieve in ghosts T' asked Isola deeply interested. It was only five o'clock, yet the sky was grey with the greyness of late evening. Here in this land of light and sunshine there had been all day long the brooding gloom of storm clouds and a tsky that was dark as winter. ' I won't analyse my own feeling3 on the subjeot ; I will quote the words of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sib some times when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not shrunk i ram facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world — of an invisible after-existence upon the earth when the body is duBt under the sod. 'la the mother of our Lord now existing?' he asks, and answers, ' Yee. I believe that all fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters are now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodies as far as we can trace her work, but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Virgil, and in the New Testament. This existence, I am permitted to believe, is a conscious and active existence.* Canon Mozley, the man who wrote those wordB and much more in the same strain, was not an idle visionary. If he could afford to believe in the presence of the dead among us, why so can 1. And I Deneve tnab uregory the Great haB whispered at the eai of many a holy father in the long line of his successors, and has influenced many a cardinal's vote, and has been an invisible power in many a council.' 'I like to believe in ghoebs,' said Isola gently. 'But I thank God those that I love are still in this liFe.' She held out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clapped it ten derly, bending his lips to kiss the pale thin fingers. Ob, Death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false. She had wronged him and dishonored herself, cruelly, ' cruelly, most cruelly ; but she had suffered and repented and she was passing away from him. Let the broken spirit pass in peace, let the fainting soul depart in an atmos phere of love. That day wore itself out in storm and tempest and the night came on like a fierce death-struggle; and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night; and again next day there were gloom and darkness and a sky heaped up with great lead oolored clouds ; and again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and plashed in the streets below ; a dreary day to be endured even by the healthy and the 'happy— a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to the lowest depth and for the first time since Allegra's marriage she talked hopelessly of their separation. ' If I could only see her onoe more before I die,' she sighed. ' My beloved, you shall Bee her as soon as the railway can bring her here. Remember, it is yon who have forbidden me to send for her. You know how dearly she loves you — how will ingly she would come to y ou. Ill telegraph to her within half an hour. 'No, no, no,' Isola protested hurriedly. 'No, we can never meet again in this world. I took my farewell of her in the ehuroh. I meant it to be farewell. I was very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. It was a eelfieh repining that made me ask for her just now. I would not have her summoned here for worlds. She is so happy at Venice— happy in her honey moon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin — nothing till you can tell her that my days have ended peacefully. She has borne her burden for me in the past. I want her to be free from aU care about me — but not to forget me.' 'She will oot forget, Isola. She loves yon fondly and truly.' ' Yes, I am sure of that She tnk' dearer to me than my own sister — oared for imeinu(m more than Gwendoline ever eared/, though Gwen and I were always good friends. ™°°r frivolous Gwen 1 She writes me affect donate letters, hoping she may get to Italy j 'n ta0 autumn, though it is impossible for h er .to oome just now. And mother and father \ *'to to me just in the same way — mother regret ting that her health won't allow her to leave Dint. *n ; father hoping to see me in the autumn. Th- ^' letters are full of hopefulness.' Her husband read to her for the greater pad & of the lone, gloomy day. He read St. Thotnat a Kempis for some part of the time. The boofc had been on the little table by her side thraagh-} out her illness. He read two or three of Frede rick Robertson's sermons, and for occasional i respite from too serious thought he read her \ favorite poems— Adonaip, Alastor, and some of 1 Shelley's lovely lyrics and those passages in » Childe Harold whioh had acquired a new f charm for her since she had grown familiar I with Some. 1 ' Read to me about Venice,' she said, 'and ' let me think of Allegra and Captain Hulbertf. : I love to fancy them gliding along those nar- * row picturesque streets in the great, graceful, ! ponderons gondola I know so well. It is so , nice to knjw of their happiness — and that — they will never be -parted.' ! So the long summer day— without the glow and glory of snnmer — wore on, and except for ; her excessive languor and feebleness there were no indications that the patient's state was ? any worse than it had been for eome weeks. The doctor came bite in the afternoon and fold her pulse and talked to her a little, but it was ?. easy to see that his visit was only a formula ; and that he had no hope of doing her any good. ' You have such an excellent nurse, Mrs. Disney, that I consider my position almost a sinecure,' he said, smiling at the faithful t Tabitha, who stood waiting for his instruc tion, and who never forgot the minutest detail. Tabitha came in from the adjoining bed room every now and then and adjusted the pillows on th9 sofa, and sprinkled eau-de-Cologne, or fanned the invalid with a large Japanese fan. or arranged the soft silken coverlet over her feet, or brought her eome small refeshment in the way of a~oup of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and assisted her to take it, talking jusb , as much or as little as seemed prudent, always careful neither to fatigue nor to excite her oharge. It was between seven and eight in the even ing, and there was a gloomy twilight in tho loggia and in the garden beyond. The wind, which had dropped in the afternoon, had. begun to rage again, as if not only Nero but. all the wicked emperors were abroad ia the air. Isola had beeged that one of the windows might be opened in spite of the tempestuous weather, and the cold damp breath of the storm crept into the room and chilled Martin : Disney as he sab by his wife's sofa reading a London paper that had come by the evening post. The only artificial light in the room was a reading lamp ab the colonel's elbow, shaded from the draught by the four-leaved screen : which protected the invalid. They gloomy grey daylight had not quite faded, and through the half- open door opposite him Martin Disney -ffaw the white marble wall of the staircase and some oleanders in etone vases that stood on tha spacious landing. He had been reading to Isola near all day. He was reading to himself now, trying to for get his own grief in the consideration of a leading artiole which presaged a European war and the ultimate extinction of English influence in Continental politics. There was perfect stillness in the room. Isold had bean lying with closed eyes a little timo before and he fanced that she was sleeping. The silence had lasted for nearly an hour, broken only by the shriek of the wind and by the chiming ot the quarters from the Church of La Trinita de' Monte, when Colonel Disney was Btartled from his gloomy study by hu wife's hand clutching his arm and his wife's agitated whisper sounding close to his ear. ' Don't follow him ! Don't, Martin, don't !' She had lifted herself into a sitting position, she who had not sat up for many days. The hectic bloom had faded from her checks and left them ashy pale. Her eyes eeomod almost starting from her head, straining their gaze as if to penetrate the deepening shadows on the landing beyond the half-open door. 'My love, you have been dreaming,' said Disney, soothing her with womanly gentleness. ' Lie down again, my poor dear. See, let me arrange the pillows and make you quite com fortable.' ' No, no ! I was nob dreaming. I have not been asleep. He was there ; I saw him as plainly as I see you. He pushed the door a a little further open and looked in at me. I saw his face in the lamplight, very pale.' Disney glanced ab the door involuntarily. Yes, the aperture was certainly wider th?n when he looked at ib last; jusb as if someone's hand had pushed the door further ajar. The hand of the wind, no doubt. ' My dear girl, believe me, you are dream ing. No one could have approached that doorway without my hearing them.' ' I have been lying awake thinking all the time you have been reading your paper, Martin. I never bad less inclination to sleep. I know that he was there looking in at me wi th a smile upon his pale face. Bub he has gone, thank God he has gone ! Only I can't help wondering how he came there without our hearing his step upon the stone stair.' ' Who was ib, Isola ?' He knew what the answer would be. He thought her mind was wandering, and he knew there was only one image which could so agitate her. ' Lord LostwithieL' ' A delusion, Isa. Lord Lostwithiel is far away from Rome. Come, dear love, let me read to you again and let us have our good Tabitha in to cheer up with a cup of tea and to brighten up the room a little. We have been lapsing into gloom under the influence of the gloomy weather.' Hu wenb out of the room on pretence of summoniug Tabitha, and having eent her to watch beside hiB wife he ran quickly down stairs to find out if the street door were open or closed. The door was shut and bolted. Tho servants on tho ground floor had not opened the door to any one after five o'clock. There was no possibility of . any stranger having entered the house since that hour. The end camo that eight with an appalling; suddcinu'£8. Isola had refused to be carried back to her bedroom at the usual rime. She seemed to have a horror of going into the room as if the shadows linking there were full of fear. Even Father Itpdwell's presence, which generally had a soothing effect upon her nerves and spirits, faili-d to comfort her to-night. She refused to lie in her usual position and insisted upon sitting up, supported by pillows, facing tho doorvvny ab wbic1.-. her fancy had evoked Losbwithiel's image. She would not allow the door to be shut and there was the earn a strained look in her too brilliant eyes all the evening. Father Rod well road aloud to her, going on. with a history of St. Cecilia, in which she had been warmly interested ; but to-night he could see thab her thoughts were nob with the book. He went on all cb j same, hoping that the sound of hU voice aiicnb iull her to sleep. The wind . had gone down as the night advanced and the stars were shining in the strip of sky above the Pincian Gardens. Colonel Disney was pacing up and dowu the loggia, smoking bis pipe in the cool darkness — full of saddest apprehensions. Her mind had been wandering, surely, when she had that fanoy about Lostwithiel, be told himself. It was something more than a dream. And then he remembered those long nights ot delirium after her boy was bora — and, above all, that one night when she had fancied her- : self at sea in a storm, when she had tried to fling herself overboard. He knew now what scene she bad reacted in that delirium — whab the vision was which !ilt wandering mind had oonjured out of the empty darkness. The priest left them before eleven o'clock and Martin Disney sat with .his wife till long after midnight, Tabitba waiting quietly in the next room, before be could persuade her to go to bed. Isola was more wakeful then usual. though her slumbers had been much broken of late, and there was a restlessness about her which impressed her husband as a sign of evil. 'Is the storm over?' she asked by -and -bye, with her face turned towards the loggia and die starlight above the garden. 'Yes, dearest, all is calm now.' ' And the boy ?' she said suddenly, looking up at the ceiling above which the child slept with his nurse. ' ' He is asleep, of course.' ' I hope so. I went upstairsat nine o'clock, while Father Rodwell was readingto you, and gave him my good-night kiss, fie was fast asleep.' ' I wonder whether he will ever think of me when he is a man?' she said musingly. 'Can you doubt that ? You will be his most sacred memory.' 'Ah,' she replied, *'he will 'never know The sentence remained unfinished. ' Will yon carry me to my bed, Martin, tho room begins to grow dark,' she said faintly. ' I can hardly see your face,' He lifted the wasted form in bis arms and carried her with tenderest care into the next room and to the pure white bed whioh had been made ready for her, the long net curtains parted, the coverlet turned down. . He laid her there as he had done many a night during that slow and monotonous journey, towards the grave, bat her gentle acknowledgment of bis carefulness was wanting to-night. Her head, sank upon the pillow, her pale fins parted with a faint flattering mrS, and all mi still.. This was bow., the end oune— suddenly, painlessly. She died like an infant Binking.to Colonel Disney laid bis wife* in the place ehe %:i had (loved, the otmetery under the shadow -ot the old Roman wall, ia a verdant corner neat Shelley's grave, . . _ Bom! follows death with a dreadful swift. ness io tb»t southern land, ant (to ejitfb. bM. ' dosed over Isola before noon of the day after her death; Martin Disney waited to see the new-made crave covered with Bummer'e loveliest blossoms Before fcelelt tbe cemetery and went baok to the bouse to which he had taken his fading ?wife in the lovely Italian springtime. He paced the desolate rooms and wandered in and oat between the drawing-room and the Eonny bedroom, with its snowy curtained bed, and looked at this object and that with tear dimmed eyes and an aching heart. He had telegraphed the day before to Cap tain Hulbert at Venice, bnt there had been no reply bo far, and be could only suppose that AUegra and her husband had left the city upon one of those excursions which his eiater had described to him as diversifying their quiet life in their rooms on the Grand CanaL He had not been at home long, and bis tired eyes were still dazed and blinded by the flood of sunlight which the servants- had let in upon .' the rooms after the funeral, when a telegram was brought to him. It woe from BrindisL 'The Eurydice went down with all bands on last night off Smyrna. My brother was on board. I am on my way to Greece. If yon can be spared go to Allegra. — Hulbert.1 Marian Disney knew later that it was be tween seven and eight o'clock that the Eury dice struek upon a rock and every soul on board her perished. The boy and his nurse went back to TrelaFco under Tabitha'e escort and were followed to Cornwall soon afterwards by the now Lord I^oetwithiel and hU wife, who established them selves at the Mount, to the great satisfaction of the neighborhood, where it was feU that the local nobleman had now become a permanent institution. Allegra and her husband took Martin Disney's son under their protection in the absence of his father, who was fighting in the Soudan and who did not revisit the Angler's Nest till two years alter bia wife's death, when he returned honorably dis tinguished by his services, a V.O., and _ a broken man ; returned to live a tranquil life among the books in the library which he had built for himself and to watoh the growth of his son, whose every look and tone recalled the image of his dead wife. Some times, on drowsy summer afternoons, smoking his pipe under the tulip tree, whde the Fowey River rippled by in the sunshine, it seemed to him as if Lsola's pensive loveliness, and the years that he had lived with her, and the tears that he had shed for her, and the infinite pity which had blotted out all eecae of his deep wrong were only the transient phases of one long melancholy dream — the dream of & love that was never returned. ' And yet, and yet,' he said to himself after lengthened meditation with unseeing eyes fixed upon the movement of the tide, ' I think she loved me. I think her heart was mine from the hour her tears welcomed me back to this house untu her last sigh. God help all young wives whom their husbands leave alone in their youth and beauty to stand or fall in the hour of temptation.' Idly exploring the canfcents of the secretaire in the drawing-room one day Martin Disney f uund the telegraphic message which bis wife had written — and laft ansent — before the hunt balL The End. 