Brevities The Circus to-night! Sons meet Monday night. Foresters meet Tuesday night. Alfred Colless sells at Luddenham to-day. Birthday Cards at TIMES Stationery Repository. W. H. Barlow for the ingredients for your puddings. What price the orators at the nomination on Tuesday? For one month only Pianos tuned by J. Wilcher for 10s 6d.* Entries for the Nepean District Show close on the 23rd inst. When is a foot like a stable?—When there's a corn-bin in it. To meet the dull times Pianos sold at Wilcher's 25 per cent. off Catalogue Prices.* Luddenham Show will be held eleven days hence. Entries have closed. No pudding complete without Judges' celebrated Baking Powder ; give it one trial.* What is it that by losing an eye has nothing but a nose left?—A noise. Fruit Preserving Bottles and Jelly Tumblers at H. Neale's, Nepean Stores, Penrith.* T. R. Smith's sale of cattle, horses, etc., to-day, commencing 12 o'clock. A ghost story "The Missing Model will be commenced in our next issue. Thos. Neale and Son have just to hand u splendid lot of sawn palings at 14s a hundred.* Why is a patch of corn like a dunce?—Because it's always liable to have its ears pulled. Why should a quill pen never be used inditing secret matters?—Because it's apt to split. Broke his neck trying to. crush into Barlow's on Saturday night to buy his wife's groceries.* At Santa Fe, in the Argentine Republic, 300 settlers have revolted against a wheat tax. Griflin, the American pugilist, has defeated W. Murphy, of Australia, in the seventh round. Judges' celebrated Baking Powder, the best and the cheapest; 1s 8d per lb. Very large tins, 1s.* Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chessboards, Chessmen, Cribbage Boxes, &c.;, at TIMES Stationery Repository. Professor Huxley says that an oyster is a far more complicated piece of machinery than the finest Swiss watch. Who fell down the well? Why the man who tumbled over W. H. Barlow's price list of cheap groceries, etc.* Sale of boarding-house furniture and effects, Mrs. Furbank's, Station-street, next Saturday, 18th Feb, Don't you forget it! Who's that hungry scarecrow? The man who doesn't deal with W. H. Barlow, the cheapest grocer in town.* Photo, frames. 100 different kinds at TIMES Stationery Repository. Best assorted stock in the colony. Novelties by every mail.* The Banca Associnazione of Florence, Italy, has failed for about £80,000. The manager and cashier have been arrested upon charges of fraud. I say, have you seen them? What? Those wide sawn palings of Neale and Son's at 14s. a hundred! Yes, they are the best of the kind I have seen!* The Admiralty authorities have decided to victual the vessels of the Australian Squadron with New Zealand salt pork, and report the result at the end of the year. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday, the Elec- toral Bill was further considered, and the amend- ment inserting a vote for thrift was carried by 22 votes to 19. This week the Jewish Charitable Society intends to despatch 400 refugee Jews from London to Aus- tralia. Next month it is intended to send a larger contingent. Coming! Coming!! Third Annual Show of the Luddenham Agricultural Society. Only eleven days more. Tuesday and Wednesday, February 21st and 22nd. First Annual Show Nepean District A. H. and I, Society, Thursday and Friday, 2nd and 3rd March., Entries close Thursday, Feb. 23. Only three weeks more—so look out! Mr. E. M. Wilson, of Melbourne, has expressed himself in favor of a proposal that a team repre- senting United Australasia should, compete in the Pan-Britannic contests in 1894. On Tuesday the Executive Council approved of the reduction of charges for cablegrams between the colony and New Zealand, and the amended regulations as to cypher addresses. It has been elicited in the American House of Representatives that the Panama Canal Company disbursed 3,500,000 dollars in , America in the endeavour to obtain, subscribers for the company's loans. Mr. E. P. Deacon, who shot M. Abeille, a French attache, in his wife's apartments at the Hotel Splendide, Cannes, last year, and was imprisoned for the offence, but afterwards released, has obtained a divorce from his wife. In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Sir George Dibbs said that as the Government felt that it had a duty to perform to the country in its pre- sent depressed state, it had resolved to proceed with business and push forward its measures. An old farmer said to his sons : " Boys, don't you ever speckerlate, or wait for something to turn up. You might just as well go an sit down on a stone in the middle of a medder, with a pail atwixt your legs, and wait for a cow to back up to you to be milked." The Rev. P. M. Finn, Church of England clergy- man at Lake Bathurst, says that ho intends to con- test Argyle at the next election to try to improve the morals and manners of Parliament, and to assist in the passing of a progressive land tax. Anything for notoriety. A girl named Mary Cavanagh was bitten by a brown snake at Maclean on Monday evening. Dr. J. Jarvie Hood successfully combated fatal results injections of strychnine and ammonia, although the patient was in a dangerously comatose state when she was brought to him. [The girl has since died.] A well-known divine, in his wise old age, once took a newly-married pair aside, and said : "I want to give you this advice, my children—don't try to be happy. Happiness is a shy nymph, and if you chase her you will never catch her ; but just go quietly on, and do your duty, and she will come to you." By the shooks of earthquake in Zante 10,000 people have been rendered homeless, and their sufferings have been intensified by the hurricanes of wind, hail, rain, and the thunderbolts which have accompanied the tremors of the earth, Italian and Greek warships are conveying aid to the sufferers. It was suggested at the Hospital meeting on Tuesday that a fowl house, be kept in connection with the Hospital to ensure a good supply of poultry. A member thought there would be plenty of scraps for the "chuckies," "Yes," said a Committeeman brightly, "and they could eat up all the old poultices as well." Horrid! Lord Macaulay, in recalling some instances of his childhood, said:—"When a boy I began to read very earnestly, but at the foot of every page I read I stopped and obliged myself to give an account of what I had read on that page. At first I had to road it three or four times bofore I got my mind firmly fixed. But I compelled myself to complv with the plan, until now; after I have read a book through once, I can almost recite it from the begin- ning to the end." We most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure inyigorant, good alike for men, women and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. One pound orders are placed under the labels of many of the large bottles. To secure the genuine article buy a whole bottle and don't be imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well known and well tried stimulant and was sold fifty years ago by Chemists as a Tonic. An advertisement inserted in a good papor, which has a large circulation, is always worth the money it costs, and cheapness in price is the very worst criterion of value. The paper that will insert your advertisement for nothing gives you just the same value—none. It is not worth a penny an inch if the paper only possesses a few subscribers. Select a good advertising medium and keep your "ad." steadily before the public gaze, and you must succeed if ordinarily business-like in your wavs. 