; yProfessional -Profit^ Mauy an amateur actor .wishes ho whs au Imng; and many an amateur Isiujjoi,'. wishes slio, was a Mclba, if only foi< tho sake of tho fortunes which that. gentleman, and that ladyjtavo the chance'?? of snaking.-. Well, there aro many amateurs, and, indeed, for tho matter of that, there aro many in'ofefiaionala,- whose abilities would have .' freer iiiid more natural scope hi, chopping wood than , in acting or 'singing. J (, or these, how ever,' mi item of news from London, brings hope and comfort. The' boxing kangaroo afWostiniiiNler Aminrhiiii is taking £:UO v week. Offers oE £150 iv week have been made by music hall lmiungors for what is professionally known aR a seven minutes "turn" of tho kangaroo's services. The kangaroo's gross earn ings aro at this rate nearly £20,000 a year. Now, without any desire to depreciate Australian dramatic or oporatie talent, it may- be said tfmt hero is a glorious oppor tunity for several gentlemen and ladies who act and sing as well, a.s kangaroos, and yet do- uot receive the pecuniary recognition a kangaroo obtains in, Australia. Lot them go to London by all means. Australia can spare thomj London opens aruis of allluence to them. There is only one thing to remember, howovei , . They must not dolay. London's faucy is iickle. To-day it is a boxing kangaroo. Yesterday, it was Frank Slaviu. To morrow, it may bo an Australian swan with two necks, or a whistling pig, or a new Hamlet. Australians, then, anxious for engagements in the ''box ing kaugaroo" business, had better hurry up. There ia another side to this question.. That is the managerial side. What a perfectly delightful dramatic company to manage must that be which consists altogether of n boxing kangaroo. The company nuvor falls out over an allotment of parts. It never wants wages. It does not drink anything stronger than water. It does not care whether tho ghost walks, or does not walk. Next perhaps to tho hairless horse (now, alas, dead), a kangaroo must Form a perfectly ideal company in all respects. 