SUPERNATURAL VISITATION ON THE MURCHISON. A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE. The following, from the pen of Mr. R. C. Cox, who recently visited the Murchison district, in this colony, appears in an Adelaide exchange : — " The overseer of an out-station on the Mur- chison and I have just come into camp, after being out tracking horses. Three or four nig gers belonging to the station were camped a mile down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished supper and were sitting alongside tlie camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set. calm ness reigning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle, of a horse or sheep bell, and the chirp from a cricket, when we were started by sLrieks from the niggers, who came flying into -camp and dropped down on all fours behind us and the breakwind fireplace. Ou questioning the darkies about this outcry and rush all we could get from the trembling and paralysed blacks was' Mundong, mundong,' the meaning of which is ghost or spirit, something uncom mon at any rate. They pointed to a faintlight half-a-mile from the camp amongst the mulgas where, snre enough, we could see something like a firestick, such as the niggers generally carry when going into the bush after dark, just trailing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at once it stopped, and simultaneously there flickered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done so noise lessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At last my mate pu'.led out his revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguished. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their miamias, but they would not move from the shelter of our camp. Next morning we inspected the sight of the previous night's mysterious il luminations, and there, sure enough, were the remains of the fires, but not one single track or footprint could we or the station niggers find, and there lies the mystery. You will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra came in from the bush with her pickauinnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. Questions elicited the in formation that this supernatural being was like an ' emu with a blacktellow s head." 