BIBLE READING IN STATE SCHOOLS. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, L.J. ROUSSEAU. Sir—Should the Bible be read in the State schools? Some say without hesitation it cer-<*> tainly ought to be read,- while others are equally positive that it must not be read. There is a third class who think the subject of little importance, and ask what possible dif ference could it make whether die Bible is or is Dot lead in the State schools. The latter position is surely the result of ondne consider ation. The issue is one of great importance, as it involves the question of justioe or injustice to the citizens composing the State, and is therefore worthy of the most careful consideration. Both sides of the question should be examined with candor, and all should desire that the principles of right and justice should prevail. The State school is organised and maintained by the State for the good of the State, and is therefore distinctly and solely a State institution. In this land of boasted freedom the people compose the State; therefore, etriotly epeaking, the State school is the people's school. It belongs to all the people; hence there should be taught in the State school only those branches upon which all could unite conscientiously. All would agree upon having the various studies taught that are now in cluded in our excellent school system, namely, art, science, and literature. But oould the Bible be placed there without injustice to any and profit to all? To read the Bible in the State sobool is to teach religion in the Stats nohool, since the simple reading of the Word, _ auoompanied by the epirit of God, ia one of the most potent means of teaching religion. And this is to give State aid to religion. But the State has never been commissioned to teach religion, neither has it the power to do so. Jesus Ohrist said, "Go ye into all the world and teach the Gospel to every creature, and, 10, lam with i you alway." He did not give that commission to tbe State, bat to His church, and they should do it by the power of the Holy Ghost TPBtpad of attempting its accomplishment through the aid of tbe State. If the church should find it necessary to appeal to the State for aid in teaching religion, we fear it would be virtually acknow ledging her own inability to perform what God commissioned her to da As long as the spirit and power of God remains in the churoh her work will prosper. The prophet gives the key to success when he saye, "Not by might, or by power, but by my spirit, eaith the Lord," shall the work be done. It is a well-known fact that daring the "great apostacy" of the dark ages, when the church had lost the epirit of Christianity, she bought an alliance with the State so at to be able to defend and propagate her religion. The result was that both tbe Churoh and State in turn became corrupted. It is re markable that tbe first steps in that apostasy were exactly the same as are proposed in their movement. It was decided to have Chris tianity taught in tbe schools, and as a result all teachers were excluded save those who pro tested to be Christians. Christianity con tinued to be taught till a pagan emperor came to cbe throne, when it was rejected, and the pagan religion was promul gated. The religion was changed as often as tbe ruling power changed. But in our country majorities rule all political questions, and if religion be delegated to tbe State the majority will have to decide what religion shall receive tbe sanction and aid of the State. But as often as tbe majority changes, so often will it be necessary to alter the relieioD. Will a man's obligation to God change as often as the majority changes? It is certainly evident that majorities cannot settle the question of religion, hence tbe State is not prepared to propagate the truths of the Gospel. Philip Schaff, one of the greatest of modern historians, says—" It would be a great calamity if religion were to become subject to our ever-ohanging politics. Freedom of religion is one of the greatest gifts of God to man, without distinction of rape and color. He is the author and lord of conscience, and no power on earth has a right to stand between God and the conscience." Bender, therefore, tmto Caesar the things which am Caaar'a, and unto God the things that an God'a—Matt. xxiL. 21. There are many difficulties that would stand in the way of twar-hiog tbe Bible in the State school, one of which would be, which Bible shall be read, and this virtually means what religion shall be taught. Tbe only fair answer that oould be given would be, the majority wai have to decide the question. Suppose the majority should render a decision in favor of the Douay or Catholio Bible; then the Catholic religion would be taught, and wa should expect to hear the teacher read, "Ex cept ye do penance ye shall all likewise perish." Many other similar passages would no doubt be read, and as a result we should bare some load complaints from Proteetaat? and all lovers of religious liberty. And tail would be right and just. But would it apt be equally just for Catholics to complain should State aid be given to Protestantel Suppose the majority should decide that eaeptiotsm must be taught and as a result Christian people would be taxed to support the teaching of scepticism. What a ory of in justice would go np from every chapel in tbe land. Bat is it any less injustice in the mind of the Atheist to be compelled to support the Christian religion than it is to the Christian to support the religious views of the atheisti I I believe that it is manifest injustice to tax those who do not believe in religion for the maintenance of nohoolw in which are taught religions principles which they do not wish their children to learn ; and, farther, that the inauguration of such a system of religioua teaching in our State schools forms a valid argument for the division of the school funds with those who might not relish such teaching; thus resulting eventually in State support of schools in which the creeds of Agnosticism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Judaism, of Bomanism might be taught. I believe that the State ought not to teach religion, because this would mean, in our age, religioua instruction by nnregenente persons, who do not know what fame religion is, and whose instruction wonld in a large degree be marked by hypocrisy, formalism, irreverence, and error. What are tbe average qualifica tions of teachers for this work? Are they all pious. God-fearing Christians? I ask these Juestiori? with all due respect to our teachers, presume their relation to religion is much tiie same as that of other citizens of the State. Some are religious, others have merely a form of godliness. Some do not believe in the Bible, wbDe others openly oppose it. There are no doubt a few who have due reverence for the Bible and the sacred truths of Christianity, but even among them there would be as great a difference of opinion respecting its truths as exists among other citizens of the State. Is there a religions organisation in all the world that would be willing to employ such a variety of instructors to teach religion in their churches? What the church wan to to- day is not only men who reflect their own sentiments but religious teachers who fear God and reverence Hib Word, and above all, whose hearts have been renewed by Divine grace, and whose souls have been cleansed from tbe pollutions of ran. It is indeed strange to bee so many departing from this natural law When it comes to having religion taught in the State schools. Some see this is not consistent, and boldly say they want none but religious teachers. They are not slow to say that "the sooner Ithuriel'e spear touches those who are not what they should be tfte fatter." They declare "that those who an not fit to teach the Bible are unfit to be in the schools at aIL" Tbe more cautious advocates try to evade and cover up these facts, but they are simply the logical end of the first proposition to place tbe Bible in the schools. If religion must be taught pious people only are prepared to teach it; therefore, only this class of people must be employed in the schools. This would be to have a religions test for officers in tbe Govern ment, and will nave the effect of plg^ng a premium on pious frauds and hypocrites. The Bible on"fa?ti« the sacred and heavenly truths that every child should have indelibly printed on tbe tablets of the heart. It is un fortunate that any shonld be deprived of its sacred troths, and they will not if the church, whom God has commissioned to carry the Gospel to every creature, should set about the work in the proper way, depending upon the source of all power to perform the work. But I am compelled to protest against the pro posed use of tbe Bible or teaching religion in any form by the aid of the State. If tbe State may teach religion in schools the State may -teach religion in churches of ber own establishment. If both were done it would neither be a benefit to the Slate nor the Church, Schaff says, "Secular power has proved a satanio gift to the ohurch, and ecclesiastical power has provnd an engine of tyranny in tbe hands of the State." I would suggest that ministers of the Gospel, Sunday-school teachers, and Christians in every organisa tion ask God for that promised power, and then co forth in the strength of the Master to seek the lost and save the perishing. If they do this there will be snch a power attend their work as will remove the necessity of aakine aid from the State.- 