Was it a Glinst tliey Saw ? Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at Nn, 211 Muir Stree', tfridgepurt, and Miss Minnie Parrot board* with her. The house ia an old one but in good order. One nii-ht early in De cember (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the the it re, leaving not a soul in tho house. They left the gas burn ing, however, in the front parlour. About half'piwt eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour di d out of them in a second. Bight io the middle of the room stood a man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, Lis eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeve* were rolled up, and in oue bond he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fiel screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenciogs came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What wqb it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had Blept badly for scv«ral successive nights. On the fourth of these about two o'clock 1 was sud denly aroused from a doze by xohat seemed like the calling of my name ; nnd at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked ftvo years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell it, and the local old women goBsips said it was a summons and T would never get well. Yet 1 did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak neives, for I've never sven it since, and it's more than three ycirs ago now," No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will piny off on you when your system ib out of condition. In March» 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster,of DarracottRoad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows .—•• 11va« so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case 1 should call out for help. This w.is in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the moroiog felt littte the better for haviug gone to bed. There was often a severe piin in my bead and over my eves aud I was pick most of the tirar. My frkin1 wjb dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowelB fWt cold and dead* By»and»by I had to Wo holplcs« in bid. Tho doctor said licdHn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing hut liquid food, and could not retaio even that on my stomach. By this limo I was nothing but skin and tone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never got better. •'Iliad given up all hope, wb<*n one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, oilled and asked what 1 was taking. Sh- told me she was herself once just as badly olí, and win cured by Mother Selgel's Carative Syrup, An she 