THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. The members of the Roman Catholio Church in South Australia are mourn ing the Iobs of one who was not only their ecclesiastical head and leader, but also a true friend and coun sellor to them in every relation of life. Not only so, but many not connected with that Church, includ ing not a few who enjoyed the late Archbishop's personal friendship, will join in deploring an event which has deprived South Australia of a loyal colonist and of a devoted champion of the highest morality and the purest philanthropy.. While the best energies of His Urace were directed to the faithful discharge of his Archiepiscopal duties and the further ance of the interests of his Church, he exhibited in his relations to other religious bodies and their work a tole rance and even a liberality which betokened the breadth of his sym pathise. Dr. Reynolds was the first Archbishop of Adelaide, and it may well be the earnest wish of the Roman Catholics of South Aus tralia that they may ever be able to secure the services in tbat exalted station of men of such sincere piety and whole hearted devotion as the departed prelate. The great historic archiepiscopatcB of 1 Europe have been held at various times' by men of very varied degrees of fitness, aud the long lines of the succession are calculated to remind one of the fact that the lodging-place of an Archbishop, like that, of a King, is, as the wise Arab re marked, not so much a palace as a caravansary. The office remains, and it is the office that the Roman Catholic, perhaps more than any other Church, honours. Yet often in bygone times has it been a stimulus to faithful and devoted service on the part of the most exalted of ecclesiastics to be able to recall to mind the consistent life and the humble piety of the first among their predecessors. It is no mean privilege that has been accorded to Archbishop Reynolds in being called upon to set tlie example for future holders of the high position which he has filled so worthily. It is fitting, therefore, - that the grief of his people should be tempered by the reflection tbat a life nobly lived cannot ever be said to die out from the earth. It survives as an ex emplar and an incentive so long as there remain human hearts that are sorely tried and noble human aspirations that are unfulfilled. Iu Dr. Reynolds there was a total absence of any personal pride or self consciousness engendered by the occu pancy of a great office. No one can read the biographies of some of the early fathers of the Christian Church without being struck with the humility and simplicity of their views of life aud of duty. The feeling that the meanest or most harassing work that they had to discharge was of far more importance than any form of worldly pomp seemed to be ever present with them and to influence their actions. To them the gorgeous ritual of the Church, in the observance of which they bore so prominenc a part, was purely and solely a means of worship—in no sense did they regard it as a means of glorification either of thomselves or of their cffices. It can truly be said of the late prelate that in this, as in many other respects, he proved himself worthy to be the founder of a line of Archbishops. He did not seek the high positions which he held; on the con trary, he was sought out for them and constrained to take them upon himBelf by a sense of duty. The kind of mental atti tude which the ideal holder of a Bishopric should take up ou his acceptance of office is expressed in a very striking manner in the phrase Nolo Episcopari, and truly few holders of the position in modern times have approached more cloBely to this ideal than the late Prelate. 80 far as his own personal inclinations lay it was an actual fact that he did not wish to officiate as a Bishop. An exalted position must ever be in some sense a lonely one, and any man who looked and longed so much for human sympathy and friendship as did Dr. Reynolds must feel the weight of-the charge which makes him a ruler over those with whom he would fain live on terms of equality. To be loved and respected as a parish priest was indeed much more the ambi tion of Christopher Augustine Reynolds than to exercise high ecclesiastical authority. He looked with an intense 'longing for the emancipation of all his people from the terrible vices of the age, and among the chief of these he re cognised, with the shrewdness of a leader of men, that drunkenness holds a fore moBt place. Indeed, it would be diffi cult to say to what extent South Australia is indebted to him for her present position as probably the most temperate colony on the Australian Continent. Nor did his labours In.this "field lie along the smooth placeB of life. - Poverty, care, and manual labour have been the lot of a very large proportion of bis people, and the temptations to drink are well known to be increased ^ by those hard conditions of living. The sage of old who said " Learn as if you were to live for ever, but live as if you were to die to-morrow," expressed the constant practice of such a man. The quiet, studious habits were constitutional; but Hie continual spur to fresh endeavour in the buBy workaday world;-was the knowledge that life is short and that the duty bf the day is enforced by a mandate from duty on high. : If there prevailed among some of his people a desire to be led by a man of more showy parts there is no doubt, on the other hand, that it was commonly recognised that Archbishop Reynolds possessed, in the love of the people^ a far more abiding hold upon them than could hare been attained by mere power of rhetoric or by any tendency towards posing in public. The, time has gone paBt for the assumption of anything of lordly state or authority on the part of ecclesias tical dignitaries. Roman Catholics realize now, more clearly than ever they hare before done, that the office de rives its dignity from the Church, and not the Church from the office. Hence if any dignitary's authority be not really "broad based upon the people's will" it may be legal, but it cannot in the end be com pletely beneficial. Dr. Reynolds was, indeed, an Archbishop of the people, and the deep sympathy which he won from them in his protracted and painful ill ness, borne with heroic courage, muBt remain for' a very long time as a stronger bond of union among them. The patient and continued discharge of duty in spite of intense and exhausting bodily suffering brings out the true nobility of a man's character even more clearly than the fortitude with which he meets death, for as Sir Thomas Browne quaintly said— "All the valiant acts of Curtius, Scaevola,. or Codrus do not parallel or match that one of Job." Adelaide may in future times have Roman Catholic Arch bishops who will make more stir in the world than Dr. Reynolds has done, but it will not readily find one who will more cheerfully subordinate all thought of eelf and selfish objects to the interests of even the poorest of his flock. It will not oome as a surprise but be a source of sincere regret to our readers to hear of the death of the Right Key. Archbishop .Reynolds, the highbst dignitary of the Roman Catholio Church in South Australia. His Grace, who died at quarter to 9 on Monday morning, June 12, had been identified with the growth and development of the Roman Catholic Church for mure than a quarter of a oentury, and discharged tbe important funotionB ot the Arch bishopric since its foundation here in April, 18SA Archbishop Reynolds belonged to that olass of men who do good by stealth and blush to find it fame, being a very retiring man. He had the quiet, sell- repressed air characteristic of the Roman Catholio clergy who work in tbe | side lanes and by-ways of the world, seeking out those who, living m the dull atmosphere of poverty and the plaoes furthest removed from tbe broad light of everyday life, sulfer J in siienoe, and rarely proclaim to tbe world .their griefs and disappointments. He did not belong so much to the Church militant as to that Beotion of the priestly com munity which devoteB itself to quiet work, and | attains its objsot rather by persuasive, means, good oifices, and delioate sympathy than by aggressive, ostentatious measures. Always I accessible, he was prepared at any time to | tender advioe when sought by the conscience smitten or waited upon by tbe irresolute. Though not of an active temperament, accord-1* ing to the broader acceptation of the term, he was strong in bis sympathy with any move ment caloulated not only to benefit tbe cause of bis creed, but tbe general wellbemg of " the flook," and in a more universal sense the good of the whole oomtnunity. He was a man of I broad humanity. Where genuine distress made itself manifest in hit eyes he was ever ready ! to lend . a helping band, hut shrank from publioity as most sympathetic well balanoed natures are wont to do. When a j simple priest he never turned a deaf ear to the wail of tbe mouroiul, but gave himself up to tbe work of a faithful servitor of the Most High amongst the poorest of His creatures, fully realizing as he did so that it wo> hiB duty, and to him that duty was a sacred claim upon hiB manhood. It was not a mere matter of priestly vows with him, but of love; he entered into tbe mission of charitable labour from a sincere oonviotion that it was eveiy man's duty, and especially tbat of one who had taken up the priestly office. .To all the people under the Church in which he ruled he was almost as well known as the humblest member of tbe "sacred circle," and was well beloved amongst tbein, there being none of tbe exolusivene s whioh some who did not know his nature might have expected in the bearing of a man who had been elevated to one ot the highest positions to be held in the Roman Catholio Church. The ceremonial observances of that Church he performed to the letter, but with it all there Was a whole- heartedness whioh divested them of their formality and brought the object of them home to the humblest wor shipper in the Cathedral. He only exacted the merely necessary homage due to a member of the priesthood occupying the exa.ted posi tion be by force of merit had attained, and in his social moments unbent to a degree that, while it never detracted from his dignity, yet secured his flock from any feeling of restraint when they felt a desire to approach him on matters pertaining to their spiritual welfare. A cultured student, end a gentleman in the strictest aooeptation of the term, Arch bishop Reynolds was one who did honour to his Church and credit to himself. He was a fine classical scholar; his sermons, if not so eloquent as those of the more nervous preachers of the ArchbUhoprio, were ever marked by erudition, mingled with the sim plicity and command of intelligible language that distinguishes the polished speaker and the experienced examiner of human nature. He was neither bigoted nor prejudiced tolerant he was to those of other creeds, and was often found assisting in benevolent enter prises outside the pale of his own Church. He took an abiding interest in the welfare of the youthful members of the Roman Catholio community, and was a constant visitor to all the institutions devoted to their early training, always having something pleasant to say to the little ones and an en couraging word for their guides, philosophers, and friends. He even entered into their sports, although not of a specially aotive tempera ment from a phyeioal standpoint. In temperanoe he was a powerful factor; in fact he has been called the South Australian Father Mathew, never missing an _ oppor tunity of throwing the. influence of his voice and example in furtherance of the cause. He also abstaihed from the use of narcotics. An excellent praotioe of his was to confirm the young people at confirmation to promise to avoid strong drink till they reached their majority, j , In educational matters the Archbishop took a quiet but'none the less deep interest. He was not inclined for publio diBoussiob^bntbis influencewas felt throughout the organization THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. over which he held spiritual control. He was a man of earnest, liberal, and generous attributes, and all the benevolent institutions, both within and without the pale of his own Churob, had the benefit of his fostering care. His Grace was exceedingly practical. He bad a keen appreciation of the beautiful, but his common-sense value of the useful prevailed. Who does not recollect his disappointment with the attention which he found given in several schools to fancy needlework to the negleob of the plain? He frequently urged upon the girls to acquire the art of darning stookings, in whioh he acknowledged himself to be an amateur. In other ways he assisted in giving a practical turn to the education of the youth of his flock. _ As to his passion for giving the children a religious education, was it not manifested in nearly every publio speech he made of late years, and iB it not found recorded in the Parliamentary papers on the subject? For years he impressed upon the people of this colony the grievance whioh the Roman Catholics felt they suffered in having to pay for a secular education which they could not use, and then on having to pay the whole cost of an education that satisfied their oonsoientious conviction. HiB Grace took considerable intereet in the management of State children, and was largely responsible for the appointment of the Desti tute Commission, whioh resulted iu the present State Children's Council and the extension of the boarding-out system. It is interesting to note, by-the-way, that the Arohbishop sug gested tbe selection oi HiB Honor the Chief Justice, the moBt prominent layman of tbe Methodist Churches, as Chairman of that Commission. It is also a further illustration of his appreciation of the merits of those outside his own oommunion that when the father of His Honor, the Rev. James Way, a Bible Christian minister, died His Grace sent his oarriage and two of his clergy to represent him at the funeral. In the early years of the University he served upon the Council, and he oontinued after his retirement from it to show his sympathy with the higher education move ment by attending the commemorations. The late Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, D.D., was born in Dublin on July 25, 1831, and began his olassical studies under the Carmelite Brothers of Clondalkin, near Dublin. . As a lad he was studious, and as his mind developed he took an abiding interest in theological studies. From the Carmelite Convent he was sent in 1S52 to the Benedictine Monastery of Lublace in the Papal States. There for three years be perfected those studies which he had so assiduously pursued, and on leaving the monastery, the olimate not agreeing with him, he went to Western Australia with Bishop Serra, who was returning from Rome to Perth, arriving on May 24, 1855. In Western Aus tralia he stayed for two years studying human nature, interesting himself in the improve ment of the aboriginals, and gaining ex perience for his priestly vocation. On March 1, 1857. he came to South Australia, where he was warmly received by Dr. Murphy, the first Bishop of Adelaide, who sent him to Sevenhills to finish his studies under the Jesuit Fathers. He con tinued at Sevenhills until he was ordained by Bishop Geogbagen in April, 1860, and plied bis holy mission in various districts, winning the love of the people, to whom he made himself a guide, philosopher, and friend. After his ordination he did duty in the oity for some time, and was appointed to Morphett Yale on the death of Rev. Joseph SnelL About this time the oopper mines were dis covered on Yorke's Peninsula, and Father Reynolds was requested to make a fortnightly, visit to it, whioh he did for some years, during whioh he built the Churoh at Had in a. He was relieved of this hard work by Dr. Shiels, who appointed him to the mission of Gawler. On the death of Dr. Shiele the priests of the Diooese reooinmended him as Administrator till the Holy See would appoint a Bishop. He must have given satisfaction in his administration, for Rome ohose him Bishop of Adelaide, for whioh he was consecrated on November 2, 1873, the imposing ceremony of his consecration to that high office being impressively performed by Archbishop Poldrog. When in 1887 Ade laide was mode an Arohiepisoopa! See Dr. Reynolds was chosen for the higher position of Arohbishop on April 23, and was invested with the pallium by His~Eminenc6 Cardinal Patriok Francis Mourn on September ll,1887,amonth after the dedication of the eastern-aisle of the Cathedral by him (the Archbishop). The investiture ot Arch bishop Reynolds was an event and a ceremony the Bigmfioant and ini|>ortant character of whioh will noteasily be forgotten in the oolony. The aotion of His Holiness the Pope in the preferment of J Adelaide as the seat of an AtchiepisoopalI bee was regarded as an instance of the growing importance of Australia in the eyes of the world, and when it was known in the oity that the Pope had decided to mark Dr. Reynolds with his favour by making him the lirst Archbishop of Che See the Roman Catbolio oommunity regarded it - with the deepest satisfaction, as being so supremely significant in the history of the Church in South Australia. The result of the enthusiasm roused was serieB of meetings ending in the resolve to complete the building of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, and to present a testimonial to Archbishop Reynolds to prove to him how loyally the aotion of the head of the Church had been responded to in the oolony. Cardinal Moran came specially from Sydney to make the investiture, and waB received on arrival by 1,600 people. His Excellency the Governor (Sir William Robinson) sent his oarriage to oonvey the Papal representative to the Bishop's Palace at West-terrace, and the Cardinal was afterwards escorted by fcfae Guild of St. John the Baptist to St, Franexe Xavier's Cathedral, where after the presentation of addresses His Eminence made an eloquent speech, acknowledged the devotednesu find loyal attachment of the addreeseBB to the Roman Catbolio Church. The ceremony of the investiture was carried out the next day (Sunday) with all the pomp and oircumetanoe of the Roman Catholio Ohurch, and apart from itseacred associations it was a spectacle of so gorgeous a charaoter that the impression it created upon the vast assemblage of wor shippers and spectators -was one never to be effaced from the memory. "The music was magni ficent, the air was heavy with incense, and the day a bright one—a good omen. Although the Cathedral had been enlarged it was in sufficient to accommodate the immense congre gation. The ceremony was most impressively performed by Cardinal Moran, who was assisted by Dr. O'Haran (his Secretary), Dr. Carr(Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hob&rt;), Dr. Moran (Bishop of Dunedin), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr. Gibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunn (Bishop of Wilcannia), and Dr. Oorbett (Bishop of Sale). After the Archbishop had been in vested with the pallium a deeply earnest sermon was preached by Bishop $dorau. It may be mentioned the Cardinal was the guest of the Chief Justice, at whose house the Archbishop was a frequent visitor. His Honor had the pleasure of handing the Archbishop a palm branch, which was oarried in walking with the Latin procession around the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday, of 1891. Archbishop Reynolds always showed his deep sense of the solemn and respon sible oharaoter of tbe great office imposed upon him, doing his holy work with the same quiet earnestness and unmistak able zeal that characterized his demean our when a simple priest, and after wards as a Bishop. He never changed, but was always the same kindly, oonsiderate, faithful friend of the olergy and the people. It was impossible (saya His Honor the Chief Justioe) to know -bim without being etruok with the dignity of his demeanour and his nobility of charaoter. Behind his asoetioiam and a certain austerity of manner one re cognised unmistakably His goodness of heart, and the purity, the earnestness, and the saintliness of his life. Renewing him as I did daring the whole of his long Episoopate I oould not fail to admire tbe devotednens with whioh he addressed himself to the funotions of his sacred offioe. When be entered upon his duties as Bishop bis Diocese was torn with dissensions and burdened with debt. His accession to the Episoopate meant the under taking of responsibilities wbioh would bave disheartened a man oast in a less heroic mould. Everybody knows how courageously and how suooessfuUy bis difficulties were over oomn. Now the oountry is reticulated with railways and his former Diooecie ib divided it is difficult to reali^ tbe fatigues and hardships of the long journeys he was accustomed to take from the frontiers - of settlement in the remote north an<j uortb-weat to the south eastern p&rt; .of oolonv. Hie constitution was broken down, be grew prematurely aged through toils and difficulties which he enoonntered with the fortitude of a martyi and the zeal of an apostle. In 1887. when i called to congratulate him upon his being > be Arohbishop, he told me that promoted to . he had previously felt that his work was done, and that he was worn out, and that be bad intended to resign his idee and to retire to a monastery to spend the remainder of bis life in contemplation and devotion. Bnt he felt, he said, that bis elevation to the Arch bishopric was a call to renewed activity, and that he had now made up bis mind to spend therestofhisdaysintheperformanceofhisdutue and amongst his own people." His health had been feeble for some time. About two yean ago he was so seriously ill .that his life was almost despaired oh This year he had been suffering from a somewhat similar attack. His medical adviser was Dr. O'Oonnell, who was'most aaaiduouB in his attentions. We have been kindly furnished by the Rev. Dr. Byrne and Arohpriest Kevin with the following list of the works of the Episcopate of the late Dr. Reynolds:— CHURCHES, PRESBYTERS, AND PRIESTS. The following Churches have been ereoted in the Archdiocese of Adelaide:— St. Paul e, Mount Gambier. St. Alphonsus's, Millicent. St. Teresa's, Allandale. St. Mary's, Border Town. St. Barnabas's, Strathalbyn. Our Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East. St. Bartholomew's, Maitland. St. Bridget's, Warooka. St. Oolumba's, Yorketown. . St. Aiden'a, Oolton. - St. Canice'e, Snowtown. St. Yiooeut De Paul's, Port Wakefield. St. Cecilia's, Arthurton. St. Michael's, Glare. Holy OroBs, Goodwood. St. Raphael's, Parkside. Our Lady of the Angels, Thebarton. Ste. John and Paul, Tarlee. St. Lawrence OToole's, Euduuda. St. Andrew's, Ap., Balaklava. Our Lady Help of Christiana, Lower North Adelaide. Church of the Holy Ghost (Dominican), North Adelaide. St. Mary'e "Sedea Sapientise," Beulah road. St. Martin of Tours, Redhill. St. Malachy's, Mallala. The Additions to St. Francie Xavier's Cathedral. The following Churches have been ereoted in the new DioceBe of Port AuguBta :— All Saints' Cathedral, Port AuguBta. Immaculate Conception, Quoro. St. Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina. St. Gabriel's, Oradock. St. Raphael's, Carrieton. St. Dominic's, Willocbra. St. Clement's. Melrose. St. Gatberine a, Pekina. St. Virgilius, Yatina. Ste. Philip and James, Yarrowie, St. Mary s (Immaculate Heart), George town. St. John Evangelist, Laura. St. Peter's, Gladstone. St. Agatha's, Nar.idy. St. Luke's, Gulnaro. St. James's, Jamestown. St. Kilian's, Caltowie. Sts. Simon and Jude, Yareowie. Sts. Michael and John, Terowie. St. Joseph's, Orroroo. St. Joseph's, Kooringa. Our Lady of Mount Oarmel, Dawson. St. Sebastian's, Yongala. St. Mark's, Port Pirje. Sts. Gervase and Frotase, Warnertown. Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. The following Presbyteries have been elected in the ArohdiooeBe:— At Eapunda. At Mount Barker. At North Adelaide. At Balaklava. At Narracoorte. At Port Adelaide. At Yorketown. Presbyteries ereoted in the new Diooeee of Port Augusta are :— Bishop's residenoe, Port Augusta. Priest's residenoe, Pekina. PrieBt's residence, Petersburg. 