farmer noosing Show CAMIfc Comfortable and roomy quartets are es sential in .preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the Nat system for sliosr animals. Clean well-haired beasts da-not usually coma out of atalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, (indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the buteher, stall-feeding is no doubt, as,good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flosh it not the only point turned at— ■ the after health'ondbioom of the animalI Iias to beoonsidered. It takes afull year, eometimes more, to -At cattle for the show yard, and to conGne the animals by the head or neek'for that period 1b not the way to accomplish' tho desired end. Freedom to movo about, or lie downolean and com fortable, .can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy: loose box. The superficial area required .from the calf to tlieagod bull will range from -60 to 200 feet, ac cording to theameunt of.out-door exercise available, and in the bouso each Itcast re quires from ;C60 feet to 800 cnblofeet of breathing apaoo. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very cloBoly oonfiooa superficially for the period of one year without ■ injury to thcirhoalth; but there ore more breeding animals ruined from want of room-or exercise then from over-feeding.. It is vary hard-to injure a horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, opd the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise at the expense of a oertain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 60 dances. A thermo meter ih the bam will indicate the tem perature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In vetycold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doora and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the aame air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under- currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be .entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh-air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly.- In hot daya the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; andafter that too only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, ofoourse, would coat too mush-to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The beat that can bo done ib to have the byres or sheds properly ven tilated and equally free .from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces sary. i An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot- very well have too much aun and light, but the rays of the sun ore only valuable to the cattle-feeder when the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After tne surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no arafieiel heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than- we derive from the aun, .Satin the means We employ to attain it tho air is certain to beoome more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat frovHhe aun it ie pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything wo can manufacture. This is the reason j why the iamb that is reared in the light of the eun is eo much healthier than the ope raised in honse with the aid of the eta* . Shying Horses are Near-Bightea -t " Why Ufa that shying in bones should be \ set down to an ugly, disposition 1 don't j know,".said s prominent veterinary aorgeon. ] "itmust be-because horsemen don't know, what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the bone is near* j sighted. 1 base tested scores of abying bones j for near sigh ted ness. and in nearly all cases i .found what I expected. And now when I I am asked to give points on buying bones 1' give this as one of the requisites: Never biqr a bone that is near-sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions to this rale. If the hone is to hive a mate, (ben it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One hone can go blind if the other ia clear-sighted. If the Corse is to be used for riding to aoddlebe carefol that he is not near-sighted, for be ■ will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sigbted bone ! shies is very simple, the eurgeon continued. " Of all animals the. bone is the most gentle, and even timid. He seee a strange object, I and bis susoeptlble mind mngniSeS it into • monster that is going to destroy blm. A niece of wbito paper in the roadside at night it* ghost; and an oHwaggon lit the ditch Is #dragon,>.Every honeman knowa that if you drive the. animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed tjrat it ia because the home makes 0 closer acquaintance with the object . That. la dmn Jinf"tint 1st fkn aMwa In awliloli (f -U js true but not in the sense In yrbich it is generally imdentood. Thoanlmal haa.not been able to see It from .a distanco. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers —It baa often -occurred to me that the utility and age of horses -are sorlooily affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of driven. It !b but too common a practice, when a borse U-rising a bill,or when,perhaps, in the middle of a hi 11, for a driver to makeasudden slush with the whip. This, -with' a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re* sponse to the unexpected -call upon - its powers, >possibly powers, that were at ibe time st the extreme limit-of tension. Apply . this test to a human being, and anyone would naturoUyinfer tbst Its general effect would result in rupture, greater or lets, of internal organs, orepnin of some joint. Can we wonder If the same result follows in a bone, especially when the treatment is con* tinned day after day the year throughout! Under eaob circumstances, the wonder Is that any bone escapes serious Injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of 1 horses are thus tendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortened, With a horse drawings load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for -greater exertion should be made what 1 may oul gradually, that is, the animal should flrstbe made-aware of what ia required from it by the voice pre ceding the whlo, and not the whip the voice. Buying Ouriosln China—Later e*; perience taught «b that- tho curio nan tski about five timet aa much as he it prepared to accept for bis wares. Making a choice and getting your man Intoa proper frame of mind to see as you do; as. regards his profit, in telligently ■occupies' about one-half of the cultured diplomat's time.- Tbeonrio choton, the first thing to dote to take yonr man into the booses-separating hlta-frbm hit' fellows that be may not hare thelr moral courage to uphold him. For the tot you make your offer, be disdainfully rotates,- and beglni briskly packing' up. When -everything- is nearly atoned away,* " " .,-he asks, as If tbere bad never bean any question «f it before,- " HoW muohT" 'TAu- again -offet, and with a Jong drawn' "Ho," heonoemore nnpadka that he may temptyou.^Seelng you remain firm and . - — rtbfm,* take no more notice of trim, with a tragic air be depoeils the thing* at yonr feet and glree yon-to nndetetahfi be-hae made yon a present of them; that you are a hardened sinner i It hat cost 'Mm hie HfeVbloOd, but he had no oholce." With an -I O v-'fot-theamount and a deep bow he hat gone, and you find your self a collector im embryo with the oo»» disHtftifBil/ clutching you, 