ISABEL'S ORDEAL, -BY MISS MABEL COLLINS, -'Author of " The Pretttet Women irn. Zryvn' ito.. CRAPTER 1. "Isabel Fairfax v.a, a spoil ed chitl. W?ittire and life had conspired to P. oil her. She was' very pretty, to pretty thr.t 'he coulde.et'heilp -kinowing it: and s?a. -wa rich ceough 'to have everything elA s wanted. Ii 'additien the was the onlyr lhtil of a wetheer 'Who adored her and "t ho denie-td hI nottisg. Thero was no ar?n in the faniy- to eeorcise the psculisr *isi~omn with wkish men are sttppised to bo universal!v c'-rWttod, and, indeed. eften ar ; or else iabi'wotild'never have paEsca-thtough the fitry ordodl which tried ber naitke to the qnioet. 'thare were three genermitians of women--Iati!, youIte, "wilf?efl beastdiful; her mother, the child of autestatioptirents, weak.-R mlllatirnI anil ac customed to give way the -v'll?ofothers : anulthi grandmother, a tnewnf kdy with a4 . rmadh resbaltion as ever. a.rd- very great ' poinioof ther own intellignee. No loutbt '"his was -.st ; she was e?a?rftid unuoa wiser ti: ::taa hr daughter in ndll 'pr?ctical !attersi. Sma'could be seen wlienev'ri9'.tpwo hdin to :"" .• mhlin*ratters of bUine-s. .The old ladv was very vich, and naturallyi'lir dlaughter and gratlddaughter were hir their4, which oir *cumstatice she thought-·Stvh her abunldant rightto tyrannies over-'tthC. Isthel, how -'evfr, would nOt nsbmitI'.t heb tyranniteei SovtOh; he had beeuu'todtaote abroad, quite "ovt of the reach t tf .gr p;tdit ternal tuttlo rity. by her deti.l fttrtC's wish. And in: lth-e: plesisatr quitt life-iit Paris. Vieniti an?1 .tfunicb, sho hid diwr?:r tt:stn the lead andi Mltd her own way, ht+I: mother meeklyoley-' tclg her. When they came't-o Ilidoo, in Ti?abel6 -eighteentl year, f cr the se:tas;n, she grettyh .resented the iutcfc'rrerce of the oil la6y,. -who, a litteo queer' in her way, looked upon 'these two as chibrau come to be taughtlho. 'proper mode of-?rnteritg th- trenat wsrtM. 'Old Mrs .M-)itiweniy ruled h-r small couftr 'from a Kensiun~;r Gore mansion, where- she tentertained in tliohe s?on to a a reat eoartt, Sand all the yeer- toand received her espe-til f" avorites. lFr hle thoutrlit no placmin tho '"world tit to lire in hut London, and if Ehe went to IBriwhton for a week felt herszi1 aggrieved all the time. It mnar be imagined, then, that Isabel, who was French in ?n-tnor, dross and oven in personal appearanc"e jCe rSat an effect has cdtdnltion), was somnethutg uof.a trial to her grandmother. Mrs Fairfax took a very handnme ltflt, Swhich commended itself to Isabdl us ? loifrg rather less Entrlils than a hloue. tIsa-tel furniseled it, with her mother at iher-side vocasionally putting in a mild stireetction which w.as seldom listened to. Tlr-y had brought home a great many parcttyrthinDg from their wandermntrs abroad, anr'd with these and plenty of money it did not take long to arrange as pretty a honmo -esany in all Ltndon. 011 Mrs inutotitnmy tltonmht i: looked "foreitn," and wa- suprris.e-wben she found that Isabel regarded the word--at oomplitiioutary. One of the first fooli-h acts M)ir'Fairfax was beguiled into, alter Iret rrtttnrn .-to London, was the investing of atc ealital in that fatal thint--a new trold mine. 'She wes tempted into this by her man of ho-i:ce-s. who had for some titme been wririrg to her on the subject; and now, when he ass able' to talk to her, soon per- suded her to takehi, view of the matter. The fortune her husbadd had left her was entirely under tir own con 'trol, and old Mrs Mottutgo nery had always crophesied that this solici or, *od:Benjamin, 4f decidedly Jewish appearn ane, hbut young Sand rather good-lookine', womld trylto-get 'possession of it. " He'll ask vyouto-marry , im, my dear, or try to get'hold-of your Smoney somehow or other," she would say, to h-er daughter-a remark which irritated that i lady very much, as she 'beliuved --Mr Benjamin's admiration was fertherselfand Sot for her money. However ?te, never did ask her to marry him, po-sibly for-want.of opportunity, as he saw very little -ofther, Isabel's educstion takinu them abontsemuch. But as soon as she returned te .iondon, and Sle had dined once or twice in the pretty1Slat (for .Mrs Fairfax made rathera- petof him, at rays protestinig that she would not be able to manage her affairs at all without him).IMr Benjamin talked her into investing Jn the new mine. Mrs Montgomery shook her head and prophesied disaster; ,*but her in fluence was nothing agamns Mr':Benjamin!s, so the transfer was affet:ed -wish the.mest agreoable results. Mrs Fairfanfound.herin. come twice as large as Iefore,,and she was able to indulgo in a much desred, violoria, besides the necessary brouglhas. "How glad I am I did not-list-n.totyour grandmother, my dear," shea .id to Isabel, continually. "She does se dislike \Mr Benjamin. He has acted moet -cleverly in this matter I consider." So everybody was sati.fied: -ýmiet ofnall, perhaps, Isabel; for she lhad-baen brought 'up to love luxury and beautifnularroundings, and added riches meant added. ploasures?or her. She had an excellent tasso, not only in dress, but in matters of art and in decoration, and she thoroughly enjoyed the-charms of.? delightful home. Towards the end of May Mrs Montgomery held a great reception, at whihb'Isabel made her first appearance in society. She had been presentei the week beforeo.auswworeher debutante's dress-a 'Parisiantwander, created apparently out of white lillies and a -film, of white cloud - which showed her pietty figure to perfection. She wase charming, and she knew it. ' Before the reception-she was standing in the old lady's dressing-room, submitting to an unmerciful oriticias, which luckily for her she was able to bear .without flinching, when Mrs Montgomery suddenly took off the necklace she wore-a string of fine pearls. " liked them for the drawing-room;" said the old lady, " but to-night. Iseem to want something brighter on you." She rose and went to herijaeel case, which was locked away in a fireproof safe thatstood close to the head of her bed. She .was avery proud of her jewellery, as indeed she -might .well be. Isabel waited in sonie inward.excitement, as any girl would, to see what .she was Sdestined to wear. Mrs Montgomery took . out a magnificent diamond raodaceo, and a :pair of ear-rings, each formed of a fine Sdiamond. . . S"They are almost too .splendid for ,a debntantt," said the old lady, " and yet they tanake your eyes so bright1 \Yes, you eball wear them to- night. I shall leave them-to you in my will; and if uua marry a man I approve of they shall be your wedding ,present." Isabel stood looking at herself .in a glass -with many tbnushts plasing rapidlytl-rongh lhter mind. What was Iler future ito be <Would she marry ? She could not fancy it - .yet. But she knew, as she looked at the re \- ileotion in the mirror, that if she did .not it would not be for want of opportunity. .For I abshe saw before her a really lovely girl, with .eyes as brilliant as thie diamonds she wore. I It was wonderful how these lit up the picture. Isohel, pleased and grattfied, turned from the mirror and gave her grand- 1 mothel.a kiss-a most unusual thing for her to do. They went downstairs together, old Mrs Mfontgomery, splendid in black brocade, an I admirable oantrsst to her lovely niece. Mrs * Fairfax was talkin~ to the first arrival, r Charlas ·PErcival, a well-known mau in 0 '.ondon soolety. lie was a very old friend P of Mra Montjgomery'e, and came in and out t of the Itoute like one of the family.; but he P had been ont.tf town since Isabel's arrival a and had not aean her till co-night. He was a struck with aifmiratiou when she entered, but Iseabel coaroly tnoticed i:. She was at that ago when a girl regards a man of fifty as simply ammn eld enough to be her father, and nothing else. She would have leen It quite surprised at tho ides of his admiring o her, except as a pcotty child. But Charles hi Percival was not old, nor did he feel so; ho was immensely rinh, held an envied position in society, and had been a good and much re desired parti for years, seer since he became of a widower, ]fo ad . married young, for w love; and had never aired to marry IIgain. at No woman had strouk his fe.cy sulliolently, oh or touched his heart. ' mi But when e e saw J?o?l sweep into thoe.i room, a visaton of loveliness, in her dress of flowers and gauze, the diamonds that glittered on her- neck not so bright as her beautiful eyes; her proud little head held biek, as if m defiance of the world, his heart leaped within him ' What a joy that bright young creature would bein his great stately houses ! Isabel took his attentions to her as merely fatherly kindness and scarc.ly roticed him. She, too, met her fate that ovening, and knew it. She had plenty of admirers; but she was aneustomaed to admiration and took it as her due. What she desired was nat emotuon whiels would rouse her, own foolish little heart. Ste had never had that vet-or so slightly that it was not worth tlitsking about. -Pt to-night she sat for 'a long while under the shelter of a big palmtalking to-a httadsomo young man, whose due'a eyes asemed to stir her veryseoul. It wea love at firSt htiht with these two, and 'no mistake abdt: it. Maurice Conyngham -.ent off to hisclub when he left Mrs Montgomery's re 'edption, 'with a wild mnixture'if emotions at '-uork within him. Ho was a penniless "aunger son. Should he 'arer have the 'courage to ask this?pirl'to 'be his wife ? She 'e was not exactly anteiress, 'as heiresses are estimatel in London soieety~ but she had a P very niao little fortune. Ie vowed he would n not see her again.; for 3rcurice was a tine n fellow and did wet belong to that modletr 0 school of young men who'marry money, and f as much of it 's possitie, as a matter 'of a course. e Fate, however, or love-something at dll 1, events tuanh'ctronger'?en Mauritie's resolu. r tion, was st work, ant he found himself 'con h tiually atTsabol's-side. They visitedat the cae e houses, dined vis-a-vis at the some tables, cret 'at. dances, concerts, . garden parties, 'nu all the 'rush and gaiety of -t l.ondon 'season. i'sabel :was a suacss, send her prttdy bead might well have been turned with Tho admniraticn she excited; ialdettl, it t was a little. :'Slao refused offer after "'dfir t with?n?enee'oftrumpbh.' She had mutlo 'up er lero'un 'min'dstit thete was bhut "cu; man cshbwould'mafy, and he had not spoken yet. o 3lefore'the senaon was over Isabel " fflered a n reat -les '1ter mother died -suddenly. d~ h"dtultll- otg'kuown that she snfF-reI 'from heart disease, ti all her aiffirs tarec'in godd trd-r, so f r-as it lay in her power to'antoEt tl het':; h'rr'ul was ttido iadsie8ll,'leavigL all site pssea"std to Isabel. i-lBut lsdlt naooutl not live alour·n'her pretty iat, among her own things. a i!te -o 'sonuCh d~ rired. i?'erhttps sht would inrve done-so if i she'hsd'"ben au Atmerican tirl:; -bite 'wold 'I.ave engaged a ctmpanion aid'etayid'?n' htr ou-n hoe-u'. Itut lrabel, ibein g ian English • 'girl.,and educated on the Ctintinetnt ?id not, . venturo-on such itdepend,'r.ee us' this. She covirerd-up all her trcasures very ?refuHlly, lontke.i' tip her fiat, and weaftt' hvrewith her ,,e ratidm'other-vowing in her'o"trtttinud, that i. it should be for the ehotrtest possible timed 1 tt She g-rieved fir her tnotber. aid 'wr.s very tore at.lit ier losse; :ud whe? dnt:,,l ite Coitytug t,h hae casun to call one day :ntifotond her alone ai it the drawiungrootl in i?tr'blsr;k dress -with to tears it her eyes, his heaett-ntethL'im, and the tA ftel fill of pity as well oa love. -And so' the "f *wtrtd' so long hesitatisa. ton this lips"were , spoken-ihe atkedI Is teb tu'bo hils'wife-sa? d r, i-he?-che onsentetd. t Mrs Moonutanmery's srth whoenshe heard of 'a 'thies we a sight ts see, aud- euntething to hear. " tarry that penniless'fellow!''" she ox clairned, " you, that H 'bave'refused half' a rg dozen good matches ! ?lsabel.tyou are as great i a foil as your poor mdtner! I" Ie "She stormed atid raved' for a while, atid in then, calming down ~nddernly; said in a very id 'earnirnetmrnner: re "Now, Isabel. I will ir?e' you your last h 'chance. Charles Perreval was here this re morning, and toll ice he 'wished to ask you in to '.arry hit. lie s olds of tourse, for you: it buthe's twice too good'lor you. Now, will in you give uip this sitiyitffair and marry him ? I'll mtake you my heiress ':f you will, for I know then my money "will be managed by sot;ebody with some sense." to ".lMy dear Grennid'!"''excl'timed Isabel. in You must know tme 'better than to toink so you can tempt noe like hat !" R. "Then I wa-h raoy--hands of you," said n Mrs Mlontgom"ry, angrily. " Mace your :o own bed and lie?on it. You'll regret what it you are doing ; but don't come to me then !" s CGLAPTER II. Is' abel had her own way, of course. S'Spoiled children always do. She was y arried very quietly, as soon as her mourn. r ing permitted. Ao fter a fortnight of. childish enjoyment in it Paris. the young. couple settled down in r lisabel'rs flat ; for shewas longing to be in d her own homea'gain, surrounded by her own d treasures. They-were as happy as the day if was long, these -two. It was true, Maurice 7hadsearcely-oaoutgh money of his own to , keep hi' i arloves and cigars; but they were d both too unworldly and too much in love to Lt think about theo-anomalous position. Be Ssides, Maurice's friends, rather pleased with , him for marrying woel, were now exerting r themselves totry and get him a Government e appointment -on'the well-known prinoiple r that success deserves to be encouraged. 'Awholeysar-of supreme happiness and ,, content passed, 'in which they enjoyed .life it to the fll :, they-were both very popular in i- society, and thoroubhly enjoyed going out, ,s and -entertaining; while at home, alone, i, every moment ,.was a delight. Can such a state of things lastin this world ? It seems .r fated not to. -At all events, in this summer I, -air, a thunderbolt fell ait last. .r These young~people had never seen such 0 a thing, andudid not understand its import. They examined it curiously, and smiled at I, each other across the breakfast table. It took the .form of a letter from Mr Benjamin, and arrived by the first post in the r morning. S"I'd better podinto the city and see him for you, hadn't I ?" suggested Maurice. " Yes dear, please do," said Isabel. To them a visit to the city appeared in the light of an heroin action. Isabel was going Sinto the park:tin - her victoria, and when r Maurice left her.at theentrance and got into Sa hansom. she felt that he was really acri. Stfring himself foe ier interests I HIe returned.ouly just in time for dinner, and with a face that seemed to Isabel rather .white and tired. '" That horrid city I" she exclaimed. "It 'has made you look;quitte ill." t "It's not that, iseabel. It's bad iews. I'm afraid your money's gone !" "My mney geone !" said Isabel, quite unable to realise the,meaning of the words. " Yes, gone. It'ehard to believe, isn't it. -That mine was a bad investment." '5Oh, Maurice, don't say that!" said -Isabel, turning white, foo. "Whatev e I shall we do if it is true ?" "I don't know, dear, quite. I must Shurryup my peoplesand try to get into an appointment. ' "Oh, Maurice !" said Isabel piteously. SBut still it was fll meaningless and unoitntel :ligible to, her. She kne.wiess about business than some children do. " I'll go and see Benjamin again to morrow," .said Maurice. And so they eat down, for the first time, to dinner without .gaiety. But Isabel recovered herself before dinner waaonver. "it will come i llright," .she cried. The next day Maurice Conyngham went adown to the city again. He returned this time ,very quickly. Tihe worst hsd happened, ina few hours ; and Benjamin had disappeared, no one knew wlhre. What was to obe done noxt? Neither knew:; but Maurice was a man at heart, thongh somewbst.sapoiled by social oonditions and a life of inaativt.y. He went.nut again, and went to sae.his own friends. As might be expoected by anyone who knew a little of the world, he was not welcomed with enthusinarn when histale was known. The interest shown in hint had really-qprung from tle fact that he behad married a gil with some money, and was no longer such adead ( weighton hia family. N- w that money was gone he had lost his recommendation- that was what his nows amounted to, viewed I -from-their point of iows. However. blood relationshipis something, aed Maurice put t on the pressure very steadily, and .extorted premises of inuliteros being .exercised to ob- o tain Jim an appointment. With these promis?ons he' had to be content: they were 1 all hekad totake back to Isabel. But ho .oe was a child still, and they cheered lker. t CEAiP PER III. Tho carr-A?e a and horses haed boen sold'; eIsabel's pearss see',' gone; and daily Mauriee~ rentout sand worried his friends. Buthe t had obtained otting as j et. Then a dreadfat thing Ihap~ened-so it a seemed to Isabel. The day fortheoquarter's a rentarmo round, and hbe could not write a cheque for it. lhe actually wont to her di writing table and took out her oheque-book s1 and looked at it. Tl'here were plenty of W cheques.stlll in thebo book, but there was o th money in the bank. -Shotook up a bupdle of, wt ,d oheqto books, Which meant so much CO money paid away. She thought of how.-I prompt she had always been in her payments,/ bow generous she. had .been to. every one about. "Surely people won't be hard ' 6.; n1oe," she thoight. ?. Now as it ha pens i~othing irritates people so keenly as for anyone who has been in the habit of baying well to give up that pleasant habit, hovEver much against their own will the jutrendeci-ng of it may be. "Isabel," said Maurice one day suddenly, " do you know what we must do noet '" " Whnt ?" asked Isabel, apprthensively, rather startled by his tone. " Give up the flat and sell the things." " Give up thd flat and celt the things 1" echoed Isabel, in such amaketment that s?o could only repeatthat she ho heard. " Oh, itmpoesible 1"................. ITe fcind it was impossible. She could not bo induced to see that it was Within the bounds of:ltin?uan reso.; the the things were herown, part of her very self. "dli my dear unotbhes`trr"s!ircit' she said with in di?aunt rees'; .and Mrd?urice felt assif it was hbs fault. ~1e applied himself wtoro'rdso .a'rt-ly than ever t d t'portuning his friends, aend to looking out for employment on his own account ; he-oen felt to fe-?ct. lat and ncost'hopeless df'all resierts. searching the •advertreaemnt eo.luiine of the newspapers. 'Wheu'a man hts coma to thd? his spirit is well-nigh broklen. Maurice''wans not broken yet, but he had sense enealih to see the dlithtilties the lay- in the" way. He had never doa'auythibgg-he haf no experience " hahad made no commenonepnt; and worst •of all he had' no business'frieuds. His own 'relatives were people 'tho thought the b'ereign (Gilico the right sort of place for 'him,-'a'd anything more mercantile an'im- possibillty, and they simply could not realise 'whlt- itoneant to be acttually without moeer. But that was the sitvatiee in which thoes yougg'people found tu?rmselves. Oue day Maurice tame to Isabel in'her! ou' room. His face had such a look emn it that she started up in alarm. ". It has ;ome,".3 said; 'the landlord ai -roiag to totko the things. We had better larve sold them ourselves " "'But it's impossible!" cried Isabel." " 'Ily things ! What right have thery.?" 'Trl'ey had a few days' grace in whlch'to'try' aud .et the money, and each day Ttsbel pult on her b..nnet and walked to Mi-s Mont "gomory's house, determine:d'to ask hortholp, and each day walked away withoctl:;nocking at the door. She had never seen ther-since her nrurriage. What prevented her Sihe could hardly sey-whetherprideor want-of ocuraere -but she could not knocok at tbo -door. 'On one occasion as she oame away -the met c~lharles Pereal face coto face. Hie; ooked it her keenly, but she only bowed-and ;passed on. The end came, and Tseabel stoodend watched it-- watched all her treasures lor dclown and carried away. It was as if hte wore being dragged limb from limb herself. Then, tcrembling from head to foot, she took Maurice's arm and walked out of her home. Tuetv lhaI nothino' now but ,Maurico's ~o pittance. lie had bravely .gone r-lona in search of cheap lodgings, for which it, would be just possible for him toCpay. :To these he cenow touk Isabel, who looked at 'her 'new surroundings with pure -and simplo- Iamaze. ment. She had never inemtied herself in such a place or in such a position. "She could not conquer the idea thIat it -was unnecess try to take off her oloak-'-tht-she had merely come to visit some prategerand would shortly go home. But no-this v:,s herome! Iaurice took off her bonnet end oloate ifo'-her, and then those two had to coitemplateo -a supper of the simplest sort inetead of dinner, for the tfirt time in their lives. Isabel's beloo-ings (and Isthel herself, for the matter of that) were tirrii'y out of place in the little rooms -hie lived ini now. Her tea gorons, her promenade dresses, all the luxuries of her toilet, -Eeemed ridioulous. But there was at cure for that. Ras he very soon found. That first simple supper had been a trial; but. afterwards suoh an one came to be regarded as a desirable thing. And in order to supply it, these out-of-place luxuries of Isabel's went thoeasume way as the carriages and horses. It is all very wdll to bo-Spirtan and philo sophical for others, add on principle, but no one who has notoxoerienced it knows what it is to see the beauty of one's life going out, and to bh helpless. "To hvoe to sacrifice all that makes life worth living in order to get food e-nnuch to support lifi I :It is an irony of fate hardl to bearrfor thosewho are the actual subjects ofcit. "Thank God we have no children !" said Maurice one day.; and Isabel made no answer, knowing he had-wished for children. The speech struck, coldly upon her. And from then she began to feel as if he no loncer loved her. Iti had grown moody; he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her. Indeed, .as she mourinfully confessed to herself;-he had no excuses now there was never anew toilette to enable him to say " that saits you better than anything I have ce.n you in !" No, instead of enoh pretty speeches, heohad grown used to words that at first -een:ed to burn his lips-the phrases which are only possible in this nineteenth centaury when social death is accomplished-" We can't afford that," " it costs too much," " we must do without it." Social deoth was accomplished, as it seemed, finally, 'for- these two. They had passed out of :their -world, the only world they knew of, as--completely as if they had been laid in the grave. Loss of money means this in the present day. Isabel bore that heroically, and she endured privation with tolerable courage; .-but when she began to feel that .lasunie's affection -for her was dying out, that theijoy.of her life was going from her, though she -was still young and beautiful, she became-deepertate. She would sit at the shabby breakfast-table, when he rose and leftit without a-word or a kiss, and would cry hereyes net- when he had gone out on one of his -fntritless dfforts. Then she would end by looking hopelessly at herself in the glass. This was the-onoetime beauty! -red eyes, bmair,no longer dressed in the fashion, for-she could not do it for herself; an old gownand an.air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may look -handsome in her poverty, but not a woman of-Isabel's type. Be she never.eo beautiful her beauty is lost without all -that money gives to set it off. This is a truth, but Isabel was mistaken in supposini it was beasuse of this that Maurice was so cold. ,The proud .man, roused to a consciousness -of- himself by, this trial was eating his heart out; htthought Isabel de spised him becsuse he was so helpless, and so thi oreah witiened. Isabel had only one dressi lefb now-a dress such as at one time she would have been afraid to give her maid. On a certain after noon when Maurice had been out the whole e day on his ceaseless quest, Isabel rose snd. denly from her chair and went to the glass. t What would she say to me dressed like n this !" she said adloui, land almost laughed. She was thinkieg of her grandmother. But she had passed the point now at which either pride or timidity could hold her back. She had become desperate. She felt that in reality she would prefer to die thanto live on in the condition she was. She drssed herself for the street and laughed again when she looked at the .completed effect. ""She won't know mef" the said to herself. iermmind was:-ade up to go to Mrs M3ont gomery. She travelled across Londonin an omnibus, at whih she wondered even more than at her dress; and arrived at the door, did not turn away but boldly knocked. 'the man-servant who opened it admitted her without a word, but Isabel thought he looked rather as if heaaw a ghost. " Mrs Montgomery is upstairs," he said. " I will call Elizabeth." Elizabeth was Mrs Montgomery's special attendant, who had been with her for years. She came down the stairs, her eyes wide open at the sight of Isabel. "Oh, M)isas Isabel !" she said, calling her by her old name, " I'm glad to see you. flut, excuse me, miss - I mean - Mrs Conyngham, I don't know it the mistress will see you I She is very bitter !" " i'm not going away without seeing her, Elizabeth," saud Isabel, though she honestly felt a litcle frightened. " See what yeao can do-I'll go in here." She turned into a little sitting-room that opened our of the lar-g drawingroom, from which it was separated by heavy curtains. It was strange to her.to be in these luxuri. .oss rooms again, so familiar to her. Iirs ttMongomery had evidently just been in the I isting-room ; her purse and handkerchief lay on the table, and a jewel case. I?abel recognised the ease ; it brought back memor. rice of.the happy evening whos she first met t Maurico. Oh, how long ago it seemed. She took up the ease and opened it. Yesa, there a were the diamonds. They had been re-set, I and looked more lovely than over. Suddenly ii a thought ossed Isabol's mind. Au arxgu uent passed through it like lightning-these a diamonds should have been hera-they t elmest.belonged to her-her grandmother. S was cruel and unjust. In another moment w the argument was Ilnished-the diamonds r! were concealed in her dress, the ease shut and .I. empty, and Isabel, faint and sicki, stood by rt w. the table leaning on it. Elizaxeth came s, softly to the door. r - ".lho willnot-see you, madame," said the se wonman. "lOh, Miss Isabel, she is hard!" is Foir ie eyi;, tre ellinig 'over label's figure. ly siw oveiy bitter sign of 'poverty, and she of pitied the i'irl'froi hcr'hoart. "Did she say -anytiiug?" asked Isabel ae faintly-. ." rho you want me to tell you?" asked y, Elitbotih. "Yes, tall me." ", 'She said, ' Tell her slie made her own bed, and she can lie on it.' " Ilabol turned awaey and walked downstairs und out of the houeo. She did not seem to know herself, or who , she was. 'The world was all changed. That baher all should bo gone-that her Ihsband should have wearied of her-that her own he fles and b'ocd should turn her'fro'u the door-that she should be a thief-for rlready, e in spite of all cr casuistry, this awful word was beginning to burn itself into her brain and ring in horears. as She went straight home. lanutias was I.there. He had rctnrned a f -toand her gone Sout, a thing which bad not happened before d sincetheir'fortunes had fallen. But iomado ie no comment. ' He received er 'in silence that silence which hurt hei so much. She i. professed to be tired, and s:at withll closed eyes, thinking. Thbe e vew were within' the he bosm df her dress.' It seemed to her that they' c.rned her skin. . Now that she had them, what was alie t' lrt n'? 'She knew that she must give them to' n auiree;i that he ceold sell the earrin!s, he ac bthat the money they would bring would or take them abroad. 'heno they could. sell the necklaceand malresome kind of start in life. Isabellonged 'to feel the money in her htands-to be at ancend of this awful poverty. 'But herditliculty was that sho would have to 'tell hitarice a lie. She would .have to tell him that her erandmother..gvue her the stones. She could not bring herself to do this; and yet, if she sold the iliamonds 'her self, woild it be any easi'to 'explain .her' te possession of the money:. : `' eHAPTERr IV. All that night Isabel resolved this problem ry' in hermind. She hid the diamonds in a safe it place ; and then tried to decide what to do. st. S'heelid not sleep at all, but lay staring into p, the darlness. It was, fir her, one of those ag nights that make an indelible stamp on the ce life. Theihorror of guilt was uponher, but ild she held it at bay as if it were a willd animal. ire She told herself a hundred times she would aD rather be a thief than endure the poverty sho set was living in, and with no hope of any at thing else to look forward to. 'Oh i that led was the worse alternative. So she would not let herself think of her guilt. 'She finally led decided, just as the daen cr.mo, that she rid would herself sell the earrings. 'She would ug then siimply tell Maurice that a:friend had en, helped her, and persuade himteo go abroad ok sway from the place where all their i. "friends" still were who had so utterly for no gotten them. in In the morning, when, as usual, Maurice ild Ient out, she also dresed aswsoon as he was lie gone, and started on her errand. She had ew decided to go into a part of 'London where ze. she was utterly unknown, right in the city : in so she took her way to the 'omnibus. She id was so fullof painful exoitsoent, so lost in thousyht that she did not notice a gentleman meet her, stop, and then turn and follow her. y liut just as she was getting into the omnibus lee she felt a hand on her arm. For the first tnd time in her life she was visited by real terror per -herheart appeared to absolutely stop bent. the ing. She had not realised till this mnrne',t how fearfully conscious helowas of her uhilt for -she had glossed it over to hers.,el so far hut at that touch the dread of the la. petri tr fled her. Had she been found out l ie No. It was Charles Percoval. " May I detain you a few moments, dire Conyngham ?" he said. " 1 came up hero on id purpose to see you." She hesitated-but after a second's doubt g decided to stay and listen to him. l'erhaps he had brought some good news from her as grandmother i And indeed'she was-so shaken by her moment of terror'that site hardly felt able to go on immediately 'upon her erra,nd. lo. So she turned back aod walked by his side no along the street. sat " I dare say you will wonder 'how I know it, your adldress," he said, ""So I may as well all tell you at once. I followad you yeesterlay." ret Isabel looked at him in amazement and ny with some alarm. ho " Yes," he said, quietly and gravely, meeting her anxious look with 'very serious aid eyes. "' was waitingin the drawing-room no yesterday for Mrs Montgomery. She was in. going to her jeweller's, and as I had business ud in the same direction, she'offered me a seat tr in thecarriage." ad " You followed me,' said :Isabel, faintly, of her lips perfectly white. lly "Yes; I excused mypselffrom ascompany. inr Mrs Montgomery-I sent her a message im of exc:so--and followedevou. I had areason for wishing to know where you lived. Per h haps you on guess it." d oshol walked on menchanicaly; her brain he reeled; earth andskyseemed meeting. After is a moment's pause Mr Pereoval went on. is " When you came into :the sitting room at it Mrs Montgomery's yesterday I thourht it was she returned ready to go out. When I came to the ourtain I cauglhtsight of you- I it saw your troubled face, and I drew back, ad thinking you might not care to see me." Id lIe paused. They had reached the house ad in which Isabel lived. ns " Come in," she said faintly, and led the fat way in. He followed her into the one sitting th room, and glanced quioklyroutnd it. " Poor to child I" be said, under his breath. as Isabel sank into a chair and looked at him ag with wide- open, terror-stricken 'eyes. But a she had recovered her self-possession and Id some of her dignity. iShe 'remembered that be this man had loved her. What was his olject sd now ? t " Youn have not told 'me yet," she said, he ' why you followed me yesterday." If "Have I nIotP" he replied. "I should Shave thought I had. t~WVell, I will go on. I se met Mrs Montgomery at.dinner last night, et and she told me that when she arrived at A the jeweller's she found -the jewel case she er carried was empty. She'had ,never thought *. of looking at it before." It leabel's lips moved, bat-shbe said nothing. I.Her eyes remained fixoddupan him. He went i on slowly. te "A new parlor maid, who came into the a house only a few days agq, brought Mrs 55 Montgomery a oup of tea while I was there. ' This girl wes arrested last.night, and is now o in prison." Isabel attered a cry. She -?sprang to her us feet. ni" Oh I" she exa!aimed, " hbut that must r- not be!"' She stood there, panting like a oe stag at bay, for a moment. Then, calming Sherself with an effort, said, " 1 wall go now and see my grandmother," and sheturned as : if to go on the instant. i. "uo, don't do that," he said, "she will t have no moeroy. Mrs Conyngham. I saw the r diamonds taken; I saw the thoughts of the e person who took them plainly written on her y face. Poor child! Let me save her. I seo Swhat you have suffered. Sell mine thoie f diamonds. 'You were going to sell them to a e jeweller. Sell them to me, and I will get o that girl out of prison." 1 Isirbel looked at hii, in amasament. " Why should you do thi.L?" she said, sneak. I a ing with difliaulty, her agitation was so a great. ' " You know," he said, " that I loved t you. Mylove foryou isreal. IoaPnotbear I to see you suffer, even though you chose another mt n. Now let me help you through - this. I canshield you from everyone-even a from him." Isabel stood still, a desperate mental struggle evidenced in her face. "'No,"she t coried out at last. "I will not be shielded,. -I will own to what I have done. Help te ti min that, and you will help me indeed. Take I me now to my grandmother's." n He obeyed her without protest, for her p face showed it would be useless. They drove o: as quiekly as possible to Mirs Montgomery's. a Arrived there Isabel went straight in. with out waiting tor any announcement, and with a look on her face which prevented the ser. vants from interfering with her. She found w her grandmothersitting in the drawingroom. ni Withouta word she placed the diamonds on the table before her. " Great Heavens ! Isabel !" cried Mrs A Montgomery," I neversdroamcd of you." " Hiave me arrested," said Isabel, " and i' let that poor girl go free." st " What am I to do ?" said MIrs Mont- Pt gomery, for the first time in her life feeling ih perfectly helpless, so surprised was she at in the situation. lu "' Go home with your granddaughter,"' said Mr Perceval, who had quietly followed n Isubel into tbhe room, " and see how she is livinganud what the temptation was to hler. t" c At this Isabel broke down. She tank into tri a chair with a sob and fainted dead away. Mrs Montgomery was thoroughly startled. She summoned Elizabeth to her aid, and whilerestoratlves were being given to Isabel ree she hadl a brief agitated talk with r l .'ercural, Itoended iii' hier ordering the car. and riage asid drivingf Isabel home. 'She stayed ICt with her some timeo but left before Maurice came in. - S.." I.don't want to see him' ehe said: " I can't forgive you for marrying him and not 'Percoval.. Don't youregret it yourself when "1 you ace how nobly hobhas behaved in this affair, sta?d:tlug by you as he has ?" "To,'" said Isabel, "I don't regret it. Mr Percval is noble, I know; but then, you see, I love Maurice." "IE you take my 'advice you'll never tell him a word about this affair," enid Mrs Moutgomery sharply. But Isabel's mind was made up. She had pnssed through theordeal. She waited rest lersly till Maurice returned, and then t.ld him the whole story, without omission, with. out oxtenuation. The only eoxcuse she offered was that she could not bear the thought that his love for her was being killed by their poverty. "'oor child, how you must have suf fered i" said Maurice, drawing her to him; and then he told her how he had feared her contempt. The reconciliation between them was so deep a joy that their troubles were forgot'en for the moment. The worst trouble of all was removed. SMr Perceval was one of those who do a thing thoroughly or not at all. lie had great influence, which he seldom uneed. IHe used it now, however, for Maurice Conyngham, and obtained him an appoint ment which at once lifted him out of poverty. Isabel's or3ded tempered her spirit for life. The discovery that Maurlo hadnot loved her less, but had begun to fear her, touched her soul to the quick. When she found Maurice in possession of an income which would just give them comfort if rightly administered, she devoted herself to make the utmost of it. Maur'ee had to worknow-a novelty to him :; but it satisfied his pride. And his home was a place of perfect pleasure. Mrs Montgomery, literally surprised into revealing the human nature in her, found herself reconciled to her granddaughter. But, though. Ieabel went oocasionally into: eociety again, she could never be persuaded. to wear the fatal-diamonds. "They burned my skin once!" she said, "when I wore them under my dress-they would ourn it again. I remember msy guilt well enough without that !" 't'1'1 END.] 