, fieep Out of the Past. Keep out of the past ! for its highways Are damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens are sere, -and its forests are drear, And everywhere moulders h tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures r mas only a rose turned to dost, And itB istorehouse of wonderful' tretuuroi Is cohered and coated with ruBt. Kkep oiit of the past, it is haunted, "He who in its avenues gropes - Shall find there the ghost of a joy prized the most, And skeleton throng of dead hopes. ; In plftce of its beautiful rivers . Lia pools that are stagnant with slime, And those graves gleaming bright in the phos phorous "light ( , Coyer dreams jhptt were, alain their 1 prime.' v ' ' „ Keep out of the past litis lonely' And barren and bleak to the view, tte fiscs have grown cold, and its" atoriet are old, , Tarn,- turn to the present, the new-: To-day leads -you np to the hill tops, ' That are kissed by the radiant sun, ' To-usy shows no tomb— all 'life's bopet in > bloom— ' 'And to-day holds a prize tc be won. \ . —Jalla IVhtefer iVilctx. Saw the Thing'ThrougJi.— " How are you, Charley," said one traveller to another in New 8outh Wales. ' Where have yon been?" . . / . ' " Been visiting." " Where?" "In 8ydne?."" ".Indeed 1" I suppose you went all the rounds.", y "You beFl did.'V , " Saw tbe ParJh»ment -Houses and went down the barbotand all that sort of thing f" ".Yes, anX.was down in bed for two weeks with naria. Oh, I tell you 1 didn't toiss any of it" The. Oher One- — " So yon bava got a itep- mother t '' she said to the little girl of isven. "-Yes."- ".Well,. I feel sorry for you." " Oh, jou needn't do that," replied the little ope: " Please feel sorry for pa I " A cheap thing in cummer bats — a dude's head. « - - , Philosophy That Means Well-— "My dear frientf, how were you able to acquire uch an immense fortune " By a very simple method," " What method (b that I" " When I eras poor I made out that I was rich, and when 1 got rich I made ont that I woi poor." Hhe Waa Btill There.—" Awl ao your father has gohe to a missionary station I " " Yes ; we are qnite alone now." " Don't you miss the directing hand of vour household 1 " " Oh, mother didn't go I" Melbourne policeman declares that he had to handle about as many pieces of male matter as they do at the post-office. Some one says the age of a politjeai party lmaybetold by its rings. 7 -s. 