THE LEYS SCHOOL, CAMBRIDGE How many of the readers of the Method ist, I wonder, see the Recorder-, and of those who do, how many grasped the signi ficance in the account given in November 2, of the opening of of the new Science School of the Leys, Cambridge. It fairly took my breath away ; I could scarcely persuade myself that it was not a romance. When I was a boy the Universities were practically closed to Wesleyans. idont remember exactly what the barrier was, but there was some test or other imposed that obliged one for the nonce to belong to an other church. When my youngest brother, now Dr. Richard Moulton, entered the University of Cambridge about twenty years ago, it did not contain, seemingly, a single Wesleyan. However, on hunting them up, he found about 14 scattered through the various colleges. These he assembled at his rooms, and read before them a paper, the theme of which was, that the Wesleyans had a mission to the cul tured classes. That might be considered tho commence ment of Wesleyanism in the Universities ; but the real hoisting of our flag was thtf opening of the Leys School in 1875. (I think that is the date ; and may I here ven ture to inform some good folk I know, that ' Leys' rhymes with ' keys' and not with ' days.') This was a wonderful phenomenon from more that one point of view. Astonish ing to relate, the site was perhaps the very best in Combridge— a most remarkable thing for a Methodist institution in the Old Country. It stands in the road or street where the great buildings of the University are situate — King's College, St. John's, the Senate House, &c.; It is a magnificent es tate of great size, and is surrounded by a noble guard of lofty trees where the nightingales sing tbrillingly in the Spring nights. That the British Conference oame into possession of a property like this can only be accouuted for by the fact, that the minister stationed at Cambridge at the time was an old Tongan missionary (Rev. T Adams). When it was resolved to start a great Middle Class School here to be the Eton, Harrow, and Rugby of the Methodist Con- 1 nexion, my brother was appointed to. the head mastership, and he took charge with the fixed resolve to make it worthy of the great church he represented, and to be behind no college in equipment and efficiency. This aim he has steadily kept in view through the eighteen years that have elapsed, and the stately buildings that have risen by the side of the original mansion are worthy even of Cambridge ; and such is its reputation that gentlemen on the staff are eagerly sought after by other schools — one, I am told, being offered a thousand a year by either Harrow or Rugby. As might be expected, with such a feeder and rallying point as this, the number of Wesleyans at the University has greatly increased. When I. was in England about three years ago I attended an ' at home ' at Leys, where Dr. and Mrs. Moulton received between 150 and 200 gentlemen, nearly all belonging to the University, and one was pointed out to me as likely to join the small but glorious group of Wesleyan Senior Wranglers. At that time the Science School was ?in nubibus merely — a castle in the air ; and there seemed little hope of its becoming anything more substantial. But there it stands, a study in red and white, I presume, like the massive building adjoining. But the wonder is not the buildings, but the company that assembled to witness the opening of its doors. May I ask you, Mr. Editor, to give the list in full, even at the risk of shutting out a controversial letter or two. Those we have always with ns, but a list like this ? ! Lord Kelvin, I need hardly premise, is the world renowned scientist usually known as Sir William Thomssaf whom even nations outside England acknowledge to be the Solomon of science. — ; 'The proceedings opened with an excellent luncheon served in the School Dining Hall. Dr. Moulton, of course, presided, having on his right the guest of the day, Lord Kelvin, and on his left the Master of Trinity (Dr. Butler) next to whom came Sir George Hayter Chubb, the tieasurer. About 150 gentlemen had accepted invita tions, and the following is a list of the principal guests : — Right Hon. Lord Kelvin, President of the Royal Society : the Masters of Trinity. St. St. John's, Peterhouse, Emmanuel' Jesus, Sidney, St. Catharine's, Queen's, and Downing; the Principal of Ridley Hall ; Dr. Jebb Member of the University and Regius Pro fessor of Greek ; the Public Orator ; Rev. Dr. Lumby, Lady Margaret Professor of Divinity; Rev. Dr. Swetel Regius Professor of Divinity ; Dr. E. C. Clarke, Regius Professor of Civil Law ; Dr. Clifford Allbutt, F.R.S., Regius Professor of Physics; Rev. Canon Kirkpatnck, Regius Professor of Hebrew ; Dr. A. Macalister, F.R.S.. Professor of Anatomy ; Sir. R. S. Ball, F.R.S., Lowndean Professor of Astronomy ; J Dewar, M.A., F.R.S., Professor of Natural Philosophy ; W.J. Lewis, M.A., Professor of Mineralogy; J. J. Thomson, M.A.. F.R.S., Professor of Experimental Physics ; Dr. Michael Foster (Secretary of the Royal Society), Professor of Physiology ; Sir George Humphry, M.D., F.R.S., Professor of Pathology ; Rev. Canon Stanton, Ely Pro fessor of Divinity; J. Rendel Harris, M.A., University Lecturer in Paleography ; Dr. C. S, Kenny, University Lecturer in English Law ; Dr. A. R. Forsyth, F.R.S., University Lec turer in Mathematics ; R. T, Glazebrook, M.A., F.R.S., University Lecturer in Mathematics; W. R. Shaw, M.A., F.R.S., Senior Tutor of Emmanuel and Lecturer in Natural Science ; A. C. Seward, M.A., University Lecturer in Botany; S. Rhuemann, M.A., Ph. D., Uni versity Lecturer in Organic Chemistry ; H. ?Gadow, M.A., Lecturer in Advanced Mor phology of Vertebrates; S. Hickson, M.A., Lecturer in Advanced Morphology of Inverte brates ; J. E. Marr, M.A., F.Ll.S., Lecturer in Geology ; Dr. J. N. Keynes, Lecturer in Moral .. Science ; S. F. Harmer, M.A., Lecturer in ?Comparative Anatomy; P. T. Main, M.A., Lecturer in Chemistry ; M. M. Pattison Muir, ' M.A., Lecturer in Chemistry ; C. T. Heycock, M.A., Lecturer in Chemistry ; F. H. Neville, 1LA„ Lecturer in Chemistry ; A. Hutchinson, M.A., Ph. D., Lecturer in Chemistry ; S. ' Skinner, M.A., Lecturer in Natural Science ; Dr. Scott, Lecturer in Natural Science ; T. H. Easterfield, M.A., Lecturer in Natural Science; L. R. Wilberforce, M.A., Lecturer in Physics ; R. M. Lewis, -M.A., Lecturer in Practical Chemistry ; W. S. Melsom, M. A., Demonstrator of Human Anatomy ; Dr. L. E. Shore De monstrator of Physiology ; \V. J. Sell, M.A., Demonstrator of Chemistry ; H. J. H. Fenton, M.A., Demonstrator of Chemistry ; H. Robin son, M.A., Assistant Professor of Chemistry ; R. H. Solly. M.A., Demonstrator in Mineralogy; A. Graham, M.A., Assistant Observer (Observa tory) ; E. J. Routh, ScD„ LL.D., F.R.S. ; Dr. J. S. Reid, Tutor of Caius ; Dr. Henry Jack son, Prrelector at Trinity : Dr. A. W. Verrall, Lecturer and Tutor of Trinity ; Dr. Aldis Wright, Vice-Master and Senior Bursar of Trinity ; Oscar Browning, M.A., Assistant Tutor of King's and Lecturer in History; E. S. Shuckburgh, M.A., Librarian of Emmanuel; 'W. Cassie, M.A., Professor in Physics at the Royal Holloway College ; W. Cliawner, M.A., Tutor of Emmanuel ; E. J. Gross. M.A., .Secretary to. the Oxford and Cambridge Schools Examination Board ; C. J. Clay. M. A., Director of the University Press; \\\\\ L. Mollison, M. A., Lecturer in Mathematics; H. K. Anderson, M.A., M.B.. Demonstrator in Physiology; Rev. R. Appleton, M.A., Tutor of Trinity ; Rev. A. Caldecott, B.D.. Junior Dean of St. John's ; Rev. E. T. Carr, M.A., Dean of St. Catharine's ; Rev. F. Wallis, M.A., Late ?Senior Proctor ; Rev. C. Platts, M.A., Junior Dean of Trinity ; J. P. Bate, LL.M.. Lecturer in Law ; Professor Armstrong, President of ?the Chemical Society ; J. Fletcher Moulton, Q.C., F.R.S., Mr. Percy W. Bunting, M.A., Rev. H. Price Hughes, M.A., &c.; Many distinguished members of the University, in cluding the Vice-Chancellor, six Heads of Houses, and many Professors wrote most . kindly, expressing their great regret at being unable to be present.' ' There now! Does it not take one's breath ?away to read those names and titles ? How many such as these would have entered the doors of a 'Wesleyan College 20 years ago and taken part in the proceedings ? Surely we may take this as a demonstration of my 'brother's proposition that Wesleyanism has a mission to the cultured classes ; and we may write at the bottom, Q.E,D. But one ?cannot help thinking that there would be an epidemic of ghosts at Cambridge after this ; the old Masters of Houses must have stirred in their graves at such an innova tion, and learned 'spirits from the vasty deep' would hover in curiosity round the buildings that had caused such a departure from the time- honoured paths. But is there not a lesson for us in this? Why should we not follow in the steps of the Wesleyans in the old country and keep before our eyes the ideal of a grand Middle Class College ? We have already two of the essentials of a school like the Leys; We have magnificent premises and grounds, and we have an enthusiastic scientist as headmaster, one of the Leys staff too, who is equal to any demands that can be made upon him. Equipments of all sorts will come in time if we only cherish our school as they have done at home. England has had its times of depression that have told fearfully upon institutions like these. Once the Directors of Leys actually came down to close the school ; the deficit was so huge that they lost heart ; but the persistent hopefulness of my brother induced them to persevere, with the magnificent results we see to day. Their profits now must be enormous. The uniform success of the pupils has attractpd the attention of Foreign Governments, and boys come from all parts of the world. Let us then believe in ourselves and in our mission, and according to our faith it shall .be doae unto us. Let hs cherish the school that has just now celebrated its twentieth speech-day, and nurse it up into an Austra lian ' Leys,' and among the mottoes that adorn the walls of the Wesleyans of New South Wales let us post this, Floriat Newingtonia! The old original Newingfconian. 