THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —l'rincess' Theatre, Italian opera Co. —Bijoa Theatre. " Charley's Aunt." —The Waxworks and Museum. Bourke-street. —Harry Maiscbel's Ghost ie giving tbe South Australian audit nces tbe creep?. —The Baby Nicbolls Co. at latest were doiug Sunbury lor ODD night «itb eacccssfal N suite. —An Irish enteriaiuintnt at S\ George's Hall for 0*i*iBtEuaF. Kidgeway aud Goodall will havo their hands foil. —Mr.Dan Barry basgone f) wprk jo r&rp; style in coo' nection with tho" Alexandra Theatre. "HanBOtu," the new piece, should catch on. —MIBB Maggie Moore has arrived to prepare lor her Chtieltunfi campaign at the Melbourne Tbeatie Kojal. Jimmy Moore will, we presume, stage manage. —Smart suburban ppopla up to their old genjpfl destroying theatrical 1.il 1 P. II'P to be hoped the police, who are on the qui v>vet will thortly effect a capture. — Aud BO Dan Harry will op»n at the Alexandra Theatr-' at Christmas time. 11 there's any tu&n; can make things hum htre it should be the genial Dan. — Mr. Oliver Leightou.a young Australian baritone,is engaging people to support him in an Opera and Musical Comedy Sea yon through New Zealand, where he is a great favourite. —The yontigeters are comics forward. Misses Alice Tiede and Dolly Hesford, both of whose fathers and mothers are well known Australian artists, are now distinguishing themselves in suburban entertainments. —Mr. fj. S. Titbe-radf e's son, who died at l)l*ckbeath, had showed )be possession of hie father s ability and taken part with crtdit in several a ma tear performances in Sydnpy, on one occasion in association with a SOD of Mr. W. Elton's. —A company of suburban Henry ikvings prints this on their programme—*' Notice to the proffseion.—All Applications for Jreo admission toaft be made between 32 and 1 o'clock on Wednesday, otherwise they will not be entertained." Cockadoodledo i 'The following company opens in Lannceaton OH New Year's Night, undar the management of Mr. Haygsrth;— Messrs Heeford, Martin, Mieeee Julia Merlon, Austin. Klvinsand othere. Mr John Caesar will stage manage. liepert , jire— u Wages of Sin," "jjjack etc. — The next big benefit in the sir is the complimentary to the well-known theatrical, circus and advertising agent, Washington Solly. The programme will bristle with attractions, and, it is said, will include a number of novel competitions Solly is known here, there and everywhere. Be is as well-known in the country an he is in lowland is particularly well-known in both. Wash. .should make things hum. —Among the many excellent numbers given at tbe benefit tendered to Little Lilian at tbe Atbeti^nm Hall on FiMay last, Mr. R. H- Whit worth, the talented young Australian vocalist, deserves special mention for the admirable and artistic manner in which he rendered his BtrikioR original deteriptivo soug. " Before and after the great Cup Hace." This you tig gentleman gives ample promise of a highly eucceeefal career on the concert platform, or on the lyric stage. —Mr. Albert Lucas end hie wife (Miss Lilla Wilde terminate their engagement tviih Mr. \Y. BeaLley on the 15th December, which was intended to be end of present season. It has, however, boeu ex'.euded for two weeks longer (Broken Bill). Mr. B. Matechcl specially retained as loading mau on all occasions, plating second to Mr. He&tlty.; The «oider( 'SiJvor Kiag'), lago ( 'Othello '), De Mauurat ("lltcbelieu"), Chriatiao ("The 13ells"), James VI. (" Craiuond Brig ">t Gboet (" Hamlet "). All papers make special mention of Mr. MarscbeJ'e excellent make-up as the Ghost, it beiog correct in every detail. —Mcsers. Williamson and Musgrove, it is stated by the Ht/dnej/ Morning Herald, are Disappointed with the liuaacial result nf tueir rtceot operatic ventures, and do not intend in future to ugaio try this form of theatrical enterprise and speculation. In an interesting article reviewing the present and past operatic ventar^s and companies the SBine paper raises tbe question if the expenses of the recent enterprise were not euormously increased oaiug to the balltt spectacle, " Tmquoieette," a portion of the entertainment which, to acertbin extent, \mlled upon one after the first or second time of witnessing. —The Bush King," an original Australian drama by a young Australian author—Mr. W- J. hiccola—was produced for the first time at the Surrey Theatre, London, on 0th November. Tbe piece was very favourably received, the young author \vt;s honoured with a call at the end of tbe performance, and tbe Vress notices are of an encouraging nature, tbe work being regarded as affording evidence of promise and ability ou the part of the author. The Australian sceDfs are epoken of as being picturesque,aud although exception if taken to the buehraugeis introduced,ou tbe grouud thatthoy are somewhat serio-comic. The N't d iv^llv Jeriiderio business, the lotkiog up of the police iu their own cells, had a strong dash of the gerio-uoi⁣ about it. —Pollard's Liliputian Opera Co., a-fter two years' absence, have paid Albury auctber successful visit. Tbe following pieceB were performed at the Mechanics' Theatre:—"Aladdin up lo Daw, ""Gondo'iere,"' Erminie" and "La Ma&coite;," 'J here h&B; btjen a marked improvement throughout the whole company eitice their last viei; here. Th« old veterans as Misses Marion Mitchell, Lilly Everet, Lily Stephens, and tbe Masters Alf. Stephens aud H. Queally were well received. The Misses Maud Beatty, Nellie Wilsou and Emily MetcUfo have greatly improved iu their tinging, aud s*&g; here with great success ; likewise the acting of W. Peicy, li.Nable and Geo. Young, was verygooo. Ihe audiences were not quite as large as on their former visit, &nd; we hope thatou eouie luture date the? may apuear on the Albury boaids again. The Vublic bchool children will repeat the cantata, "Queen ot the Seasons," in uid of the Albury Hospital tbis week. They were very successful when performed last week. Mr. Charles Sounders sang at our two local churcheB, which drew crowded congregations on the morn and evening services. —At tbe Atheciuum Hall on Friday evening last a complimentary benefit was giveu to little Lilian, ihe ]<irte Queen, and Ciiatnpiou of tbe World—(We are of opinion she rightly deserves her titles)—aud the audience was wooderatruck by h©r marvellous aktll &ud; unerriug aim. The whole entertainment ot the eveuing passed off to the evident eujoymentof all assembled. A little comedy, called " limbers," writteu by our own Victorian rising young author. Temple Harrison, which gave strong evidence of his capability and talent, began the evening's work. The hero was played by Temple Harrison himself, in which part ne again showed much taleut, and he was greatly assisted by Miss Ida. Biddle, who acted to perfection. We hope ere lotg to see her on the stag© of ooo of our Metropolitan theatres. Wo predict for her a successful career. She is extremely natural in all she does; ebo speaks well,and is yery handsome looking. Mr. Harry Jerdeu also gave much valuable help to the little play, which was moat admirably acted throughout, and rewarded with genuiue applause. Mr. J. F. Catbcart gave a pleasing recitation. Ooe of the successes of the evening was & topical soug bv Mr. H. Allnutc, written by himself. The >ouug Ilille Queeu had also the assistance of many Qtber welJkoown favourites, including Prof. Davi6, Mr. K. H. Wbiiworth, Mr. Jas. Baivev, Mr. Emmett H Dorgan MISB Canning, Miss Miua Nimmo, Mies Eunice Fernandez,, •Sue,. 