ANOTHER PRETTY BLOUSE. NEWS-LETTER FROM LONDON. .TFrom our Lady Correspondent.] iondoh, November 9, 1893. The death of fair Andrew Clark has occa sioned very widespread'regret. - The deceased ?doctor has often been desoribed as 'the be loved physician' and that title was not ill bestowed. He goes to his grave beloved and honored by all and his professional brethren are among Sir Andrew Clark's chief mourners. Mr. Gladstone, who called many times at the house of the ' illustrious invalid, is reported to D6 deeply concerned at the death of his friend and medical adviser. There is no question &uau; uj mo ittitu oir Auurew vriar& b pruiea eional skill, under Providence, the English Premier owes, much of the vigor which con tributes to make Mr. Gladstone what he un doubtedly is — even apart from politics — one of the foremost and most extraordinary men of our time. That veteran and delightful artist Mr. Sidney Cooper, R.A., though better, remains in a very precarious and generally prostrate condition. His great age, for Mr. Cooper is 85, 'precludes the hope that he will rally en tirely, and any accession of his ailment (bronchitis) must inevitably bring about the most regrettable end. Her Majesty the Queen returns from Scot land to Windsor on the 17th instant. All her Majesty's guests have left Balmoral, the weather there being most severe: too trying for any but the Queen, Scotch natives, Ice landers, Polar bears, and other people and creatures impervious to cold. I am sure I beg her Majesty's pardon for likening her even in this one particular to a Polar bear. . Princess Beatrice, though a niartyr to rheu matism; heroically remains with her Royal mother. Prince Henry of Battenburg has, however, come south a fortnight before the re turn of the 'court to Windsor. vrn «*- TeceziG occasion hub \£ueen commanded a performance of 'Diplomacy,' by Mr. John Hare's company, to take place at Balmoral. Mr. Hare himself was unable to obey his Sovereign's behest and in his absence Mr. Bancroib performed the ceremony of present ing all the members of the company to the Queen individually. Afterwards they enjoyed the unprecedented honor of being invited to join the rest of the Queen's guests at supper. The ex - impress of the French wa3 present on the occasion and was as gracious as the reigning Empress of India. In her long conversations with the lead ing members of the company the ex-Empress Eugenie pathetically said that it was more than twenty years since the last witnessed a play. The Queen has sent to Mr and Mrs. Bancroft Mrs. Bancroft receives a handsome brooch with the Queen's cypher in diamonds and rubies surmounted by the Imperial crown, whilst Mr. Bancroft has been presented with a silver cigar case inscribed with the Imperial cypher and the words 'Presented by the Queen to Mr. Bancroft, Balmoral, October 26, 1893.' The Duchess of York has paid a second visit to her parents at White Lodge, Rich mond, whither the duke, her husband, pre sently followed. The Duke of Teck is said to be in a very precarious state of health, eo much so that his Royal Highness's relatives are, not without reason, extremely anxious. The Duke and Duohess of York returned yesterday to their cottage at Sandringham and are consequently close to the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Princesses Victoria and Maud, who are all at their Norfolk home. The Duke and Duchess of Mfe will pre sently be at Castle Rising, so that the family party will be complete. On tbe 14th proximo the whole of the assembled at Windsor, that day being the Anniversary of tbe death of the still lamented Prince Consort. The Queen rigorously insists on the memorial Bervico held in the mausoleum at Frogmore being attended by all the living descendants of the Prince who are in Eng land. The Duchess of Albany, who is greatly beloved in this country for her gentle courtesy and winning gracious manner, is to go to visit her lioyal mother immediately on the Queen's return from the north. 'The little duchess,' as the widow of her Majesty's favorite son is affectionately styled, was at one time constantly with the Queen, but it is re ported that differences arose when tbe ducheas, af termanyyearsof widowhood, wasagain sought in marriage ; one suitor, so it is said, finding much'tfavor.. Every one knows how strenuously the Queen opposes second marriages; and some coolness has arisen between motherin law and daughter-in-law on this question. The duchess remains unmarried, but is very little at court, and shortly goes to her villa at Cannes, ' the house where her husband sud denly expired and which: was bequeathed to the duchess by the sister of the host of the late duke at the time of his death, who at his own decease left it to the sister, who then transferred it to the Royal widow. The Duchess of Albany will, it is expected, makealongsbay abroad. 'Chang,' the Chinese giant, who for many years has made his home in this country, expired at his resideneenear Bournemouth last week. He W21.3 Imrifaf? in tllft utmfl frra.VA n.ft Vila -citiFa nrlin died in the early part of the present year. The coffin, which was nearly 8 feet 6 inebeslong, was laid in the Nonconformist burial ground. The chief mourners were the sons of the. de- ceased, who are being educated in England. To-day (November 9) is the anniversary of tbe birth of the Priace of Wales. It will be celebrated quietly at Sandringbam. November the 9th is also Lord Mayor's Day. The crew of the lifeboat which form part of the show is coming from Deal. Some of the deeds of those heroio men are recounted in 'Heroes of the Goodwin Sands,' by the Reverend Stanley Trenoar, M. A., chaplain of the Mission of Seamen at Deal. A very strange and it is said authentic story reaches me from Sittingborne, in Kent. In deed a friend of mine vouches for the truth of the same on the assertion of a trusted eye witness of the event I describe : — A levelcross ing at Sittingborne is said to be haunted by a ghost. At midnight, eo the story goes, a headless figure takes its ghostly walk in front of the passing train?. During recent years this level crossing has proved fatal to one or two persons and a footbridge has been erected over it. The spirit is said to be that of one of the victims. There is not a doubt of the fact that a few nights back as a goods train was passing the spot the driver, thinking he saw Bomeone on the line and believing be had run over the person he saw, pulled up the train. Search was made, but nothing was found. The driver is credited with the belief that the apparition foretells future disaster. The supposed ghostly visitations have been continued some time and many inhabitants of the district confidently affirm that they have seen the disembodied spirit walking on the line at intervals from 12 mid night up till 2 a.m. Bezique is becoming as popular as it was 20 or more yearb ago, when the game was played almost universally. Lady Sarah Wilson (sister of tne Duke of Marlborough) and an officer in the Guards have severally and lately patented bezique tables. Not only is beziqae an amusement for home- loving folk, but it is useful to beguile the long hours when travelling by rail. There are many persons who can neither read or sleep when journeying, and one of the inventors I refer to has de signed, specially for travellers, a portable bezique table. This will be acceptable to many in days when there is so much going to and fro upon the earth and walking up and down it. Days when, as a modern poet aptly puts it — We swim from Dole to Dole. We nod and glance and bustle by, And never trace possess our sculs Before we die. About new books and new editions of already published works one might write a volume. Among the former is ' Dodo.' It is the production of Mr. Benson, son of the Archbishop of Canterbury. The book is pub lished in two volumes. ' Dodo is,' says the author, 'not the portrait of anyone person and was written before I met the lady who is stated to be the original of the character.' Mr. Benson is much under SO. He w&b; edu cated at Marlborough and Sing's College, Cambridge, where he gained a scholarship that enabled hip to spend a considerable portion of his time in Greece, where he is engaged in arobseojogical work generally and excavation in particular. For pome time past Mr. Benson lias been engaged .ifaidigging jip Megalopolis, the ancient capital of Arcadia. He is a very able Greek scholar and this eminently qualifies for the task he has undertaken — that is, of unearthing. the_ buried relics of the past in Greece. He considers it best to have two occu pations, and then one is a holiday from the other. ' Lucas Malet' (Mrs Harrison), wife of the Vioar of Cloveliy, is in some measure re sponsible for the publication of Mr. Benson's book. It was submitted to her in unfinished form, and by Mrs. Harrison's advice and per suasion the further development of the story was carried out past the original limit set by Mr. Benson. Mr. Hall Caine, the writer of the ' Deem ster ' and other powerful historic novels, has for some time past been engaged upon a ' Life of Christ. Mr. Hall (Jaine says he does not know when it will be ready for publication and he purposes making a journey to the East in order that his work shall not lack the local interest with which only familiarity with the natural features of the land and the customs of the country can endow it. 'The Brontes in Ireland, or Facts Stranger than Fiction,' is written by Dr. William Wright. This work gives considerable information con cerning the antecedent of the strange family who made their home at Howertfa, in York shire, where a daughter of tbe house wrote 'Jane Eyre' and other powerful works of fiction. The work .is full of the most interest ing facts, and the inherited strength and weaknesses of this extraordinary family will be better understood after reading Dr. Wright's publication. 