A G<l<Icd Youth's Oh. fill me of rural triage?. Of fres!s, fie.' air asi-1 rills. And nrnto «-y_r? u ;.'!v:in shades. Of seething rivers, sun kia.iol hills. Go, bumpkins, lake ynnr fill of them, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasuressti^y Such as the tea at five P- M., The german and the matinee. Let others hunt the timid roe, The bounding stag, the subtle hare, Whilst I in solitude will go And stalk the oyster in his lair. Let restless spirits hunt the snipe, Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe; But give me calm and quail on toast. Go, ribalds, toy with finny tribes, And think to take their lives no sin 5 But give to me, and spare your gibes, The peaceful joy of terrapin. From babbling brook and rippling rill, Mad roysterers, go drink ; 'tis vain, I only ask to drink my fill OE frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse young swains in folly stray, With rosy maids with hair a-curl' I only ask a neat coupe And supper with a ballet girl. Ye madcap wights, who rise at dawn, Insatiate to dig and delve, I do not envy ye; but on I'll slumber till the hour of twelve. Attune your pipes, attend your flocks, And toot your flutes, if joy it brings; I am content to have a box When Adelina Patti sings. With Cbloe fair, and Phyllis sweet Disport ye in your sylvan shrine ; An heiress with a fortune neat Is much more in my simple line, Go, breathe your incense-laden air With fragrance of the clover blooms ; Its odors never can compare With Monsieur Lubin's nice perfumes. Go revel in thy rose-clad cot, Voluptuary sybarite, A browu-stone front shall be my lot Replete with simple, pure delight. The Last Man.—There is one individual that we have always felt great Bympathy for, and tbat is the last man in the procession. He doesn't want to be the last man, of course, but implacable fate puts him there and there he seems to stay. There's no way of getting out of it. Did you ever wait long enough to see the last man in a great street parade ? Of course there must be a last man in a procession as there is a head man to lead it. He is that thrice unfortunate individual who closes up the rear. He grows tired of waiting, long before the procession gets under way, and has half a mind to break ranks and go home. The crowds press on him and little boys jeer him. Then, as the long procession moves down the street, he is conscious all the time that every body will be weary of the show by the time he comes along, laboriously bringing up the rear, and no matter how well he may march, no one is going to pay any attention to him. His only utility seems to be to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to the fellows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggles more or less, and it becomes necessary for those .composing it to break into a sharp run frequently, in order to avoid getting left altogether.- Then it is that the last man has a very distressing time of it. Dogs chase him and bark at his heels. He is cnt off by a wagon at a cross street, which whips in and prevents his joining the main body, and if he isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, he is liable to get mixed up with all sorts of vehicles and cursed by thedrivere individually and collectively. Sometimes he is compelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets in order to catch up with the .procession again. The populace are not favorably disposed to the last man, somehow. There is a disposition to hoot at him, and mischievous fellows have been known to throw obstacles in his way to trip him up. We have seen him trip on a boop, stumble over an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and be knocked down flat by an express wagon going half a block. You can't help admiring the persistency of the man and his evident determination to bring up the rear at whatever personal sacrifice. It is a thankless operation, though. Virginia Tradition-—Once in the life of every man he hears the seven whistlers' call. They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upon the startled ear. And there is always aportent of something momentous for good Qr evil, even though they may not '* dree their weird " for weeks after the seven whistlers' call. Like all portents, their coming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, after all, is the " witching hour." There is in the quiet of a secluded country side in the twilight shadows which falls from the heavens a mystical significance of another world, and of the flimsy structure of the veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hpur of the twenty-four. It is then, by some lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in the sky overhead, taken up and repeated six times, and ever growing clearer and more distinct, and finally pealing away with a rush of wings and a sound of passing like that which in all the Mediterranean isles singled the death of " the Great Pan " when Christ was born. Novels-—Many novels, interesting enough and well written, are only calculated to lead the mind astray. Novels, like other books, are made to sell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other in the effort to fill the pages o£ their works with the most interesting exciting plots that the imagination can invent. It is not to that class of novels known to be decidedly obscene that reference is made. These are condemned, professedly, by society, and in many of the StateB their sale is prohibited. But the popular mind ia often so closely allied to the openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe the thoughts, but the sentiment is offensive to purity and moTal character. Yet this is very largely the class of novels that is most eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely the result of such novel reading, and to the same cause may mainly be attributed the separations and divorces of the present day. Owning a Home.—A man who is working to secure a small piece of property substitutes a new and distinct ambition for a remote and vague one. Day dreams about large estates and princely incomes may be very amusing, but they are not half so profitable as a division of a lot one hundred feet by two hundred, with a snug little dwelling house upon it. With this before him, a man will rise early and retire late, turning his hand cheerfully to any and every kind of work. He will have a motive for rigorous economy which will make it a pleasure. He will have the vision of the last payment before him as a perpetual motive to moderation in passions, economy in expenses,a bstinence from expensive pleasures and from expensive companions. Thus it will come to pass that a judicio'is debt, incurred at the beginning of a journeyman's or labourer's career, will become his good genius, watching over him, inciting him to all industry and self-government. It is a critical moment in life when middle age awakens a man from the illusions tbat have been crowning the earlier yea re with inward glory. Some are willing to let the vision and the dream pass into easy oblivion, while they hasten to make up for lost time in close pursuit of the main chance. Others can forgive anything sooner than their own exploded ideal, and the ghost of their dead enthusiasm haunts them with an embittering presence. - ~ The Prince ol Wales is going to pay £125 a day for his accommodation at New. lands during his visit to Ireland. He is more extravagant than the queen. On her last visit to Aix les Bains she wanted to occupy the Hotel Splendide, but the price asked, £100 a day, was too high, so she took another house, which she got for £65. But then tbe queen has no rioh mother, ai the prince baa. 