Resignation of the Governor. A correspondent of the Herald- had . ah interview with his Excellency at Sutton Forest on Wednesday morning. The Governor states that there are no grounds whatever or reason to suppose that there has been any friction be tween himself and his Cabinet Minis.- ters, .with every one of whom he is on. the most friendly terms. The reasons that have caused him to take the step he lias decided upon are quite; apart from' affairs in the colony. His large property in England, he says requires proper management, and since the death of his agent in December! 1891, he has found it very difficult to appoint another in his stead. In order to do this it wo.uld necessitate his i being absent- from ;New South Wales for at ; -least six . months. In the circum stances, although he has only been two years in the colony, and had gone to the many inconveniences in volved : in breaking up his /English" establishment to fulfil" the pbsitiou of Governor here, he did not feel war ranted in asking for leave of absence for such a long period. "Iudeed," said his Excellency,' " in rather em phatic tones, " it is not right for the Governor of a colony of the size and status of New South Wales to leave it for a term of six months." Our correspondent asked if it was not a fact that/ Sir William Robinson, Gov ernor of Western Australia had been granted " a longer period of absence even than he would require, to ; which his excellency replied : — " Probably Sir William Robinson could have managed: it fin 'Western Australia, but do/not feel (that 1 could do it in this 'colony." These were the sole reasons that led him to communicate with the Colonial Office in London with a view to resigning. His Excellency stated that arrangements would be made for his departure for England1 at the beginning of March next, but lio date had. been specified. ., .. ...The announcement of tffe intended early return to England of his Ex cellency the Governor, was, received in Sydney with surprise and general regret. There was naturally much speculation with regard to the ; cause of the determination come to; It; is understood that the members of his Excellency's staff were ; engaged for three years, it being thought at the time that Lord Jersey's stay in the colony might not exceed that time. Members of Parliament naturally took great interest, in-.the .matter, and the rumour; at -pn'cbf gaiiied ground that Lord Jersey's relations with his political advisers had not been of a pleasant character. Various theories were broached with regard to this. It was liipted. that _thei;e, had been mis- . (tiu'dersiiaudings 0 lyjGh'i '. to the arrangement of the Cabinet meetings, and tbat,,. Ministers,, were likewise displeased (at the/ extended stay; of his Excellency at Moss Vale. It was asserted that , the , Governor litid. ..not. a'ppearedi/of; late\ (to) \ be. Csc£ /friendly disposed towards the Prenrier, and various incidents were mentioned in.1 support of this. The Premieiy how ever, states that his relations with his;' Excellency are df'"'a"Wdst ' cordial nature. It is well known that/ tlie Governor had large investments in banks, in coal mines, and in docks, as well as shipping aud farming interests i at- ; liptne,n aty!: , thus -. his ; (unexpected return to England was, by some members, easily accounted for. Nor was -tlie 1 change' in; Government in England forgotten, and it was rumoured sm the lobbies of the .House on Wed nesday inght, that' 'it was quite possible that the return of the Governor was not unconnected with a desire to be present in the House of j Lords when the Home Rule Bill came on for discussion. The matter was brought up in both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday night. .In the Legislative Cpunefil .Mtj 0)ConnQiy the/5 Minister ror?Ju4tice,--iu replying/to a question, said that it was uot true that there had- y been any - friction between the sG.overiior aM /the- Cabinet Ministers. Indeed, Mr. O'Connor went so far as : tostatetliat the assertion that friction, .had occurred was an absolute false hood. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Reid (the leader of the Opposition) asked a. question pu. the same subject, and the Pemier said that he had had no information in reference to the resignation of Lord Jersey, either from the Governor himself, or from home. Au other statement on the matter was also made by the Premier when. the. motion for the adjournment of the House was moved. 1 \Ve;, learn that it is contemplated by 'the Croverilor and Lady Jersey to sail for England about the 4th of March, and to proceed home via the Northern route,; whiclti \vili talie/i'n "iTapan,1 Van couver Island and America. in a conversation which a representative of (the #. ? Mf illerahl /bad r with Lord Jersey, his Excellency said that both he and Lady Jersey were very sorry Jpijhaye to leave the colony. They 'wtire bolifi most grateful' to" tlie people of this colony for the many kindnesses and hospitalities extended to them. The treatment which both he and his _ wife,.. as well as his family, had re ceived had been the most generous in every® quarter. The people had always tried jto take the best view of them. As tp the cause of his resignation, that ;he had already explained. . It was quite erroneous to suppose that there! had been any hitch between himself and his advisers. On the contrary their relations had been such that no gentlemen could have worked; niorej smoothly than they had done. Ministers had done everything in tlieirjpower to liiake his positioh easy j,nd Satisfaci ory. There had not been any question at all between him and fijs adyisers. If he might lisp the term, tfiepe was ifpt even the ghost of a fouudatipij i'oi- such a sppppsitipq. He did not think it was possible for any body of men to have worked more harmoniously than he and \ the Ministry had done." 4 There was not the slightest reason for supposing that he was leaving because of anything that had occurred in New South Wales. It was absolutely necessary for him to appoint a man to act. as his agent in relation to his Welsh pro perty.. He could: not appoint such an agent as he required by deputy. He could not choose a man by letter. He must see the man who was to fulfil, such an important position as that of his agent. 