TALES AND SKETCHES. [AU. UJJCUTS BlfBEBVKD.] "THE DAY WILL COME." Bv M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audloy*s8eoret," " Vixon," "Ishmael" "Liko and Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," ka. CUAVTKR ll.-( Vouumim.J Nita, stopped lightly across the threshold ol lier future home. Thc old grey porch wac embedded io roses and trailing passion flowers. Everything had a shabby, old-world look com- parsa with Cheriton, which James Dalbrook had improved out nf all antique character. Here there had been no improvement foi- over a century ; all things had been quiescent as in thc Palace of thc bleeping Beauty. " What a dear old house it is, Godfrey, and how everything in it speaks to me of your ancestors-your own ancestors-not other people's ! That makes all the difference. At Cheriton I feel always as if I were surrounded by mu lc volent ghosts. I can't sec them, but I know they arc there. Those poor Strang- ways, how they must hate me." "If there are uuy living Strangways knock- ing about the world houseless, or at any rate landless, I don't suppose they feel over kindly disposed to you," said Godfrey ; " imt ibu ghosts have done with human habitations. Il can matter very little to them who lives in the rooinB whore they were once happy or luise ruble, as the case may be. Hus your father ever heard anything of thc obi family ?" "Never. He says there are tro M rangcu ays left on this homisphere. There may bu a remnant of the raco in Australiu," he says, " for he heard of u cousin of Reginald Strang- ways who went out to Brisbane years ago to work with a sheep farmer on the Darling Downs. There is no one else of the old race and thc old name that he can tell me about. I take & morbid interest in the subject, you know. If I were to meet a very ovil-looking tramp in the woods and he were to threaten mo, 1 should suspect him of being a Strangway. Thay all «tv«! hale us. " " With a very unreasonable hatred, thcu, Nita, for it waa no fault of your father's that the family went to the bad. I have heard my father talk of the Strangways many a lime over his wine. They had been a reckless improvi- dent race for ever so many generations, men who lived ouly for the pleasure of thc hour, whose motto was ' Garjie Diem ' in the worst sense of the words. There was a Strangway who wu tuc fashion for a short tune during the Uegeuey, wore a hat of his own invention, and got himself entangled with a popular actress, who sued him for breach of promise. He dipped tue property. There was a racing Strangway who kept a stable at Newmarket, and married-well-never mind how. Ht dipped tile poverty. There was Georgiana Strangway, an heiress and a famous beauty, in the Sailor King's reign. Two of thu Royal Dukes wanted to marry her ; but she ran away with a bandmaster in the Blues. She used to ride in Hyde Park at nine o'clock every morning in a green cloth spencer trimmed with sable, at a time when ve-y few women rode in London. Saw the bandmaster, fell over head and cars in love with him, and bolted. They were married at Gretna. He spent aa much of her fortune as he could get at, and was reported to have thrashed ber before they parted. She Bet np a boarding- house at Ostend, gambled, drank cheap brandy, and died nt fivo and forty." " What a dreadful ghost «fte would be to meet," said Nita, with a shudder. "Prom first to last they have been a bad lot," concluded Sir Godfrey, "and tho Isle of Purbeck was a prodigious gainer wheu your father became master of Cheriton Chase and Baron Cheriton of Cheriton." " That is what they must feel worst of all," said Nita, speaking of the dead and the living es if they were one group of banished shade--. " It must be hard for them to think that a stranger takes his title from the land that was once theirs, from the house in which they were born. Poor ill-behaved things, I can't help being sorry for them." " My fanciful Nira, they do not deserve your pity. They made their own lives, love. They have only suffered the result of their own Karma." "I only hope they will be better off in their next incarnations, and that they won't get to that dreadful eighth world which leads nowhere." Shs made this light allusion to a creed which she and her lover had discussed seriously many a time in their graver mouds. They had read Mr. Sinnett* books together, and had given themselves up in somewise to the fascinating theories of esoteric Buddhism, and had been struck with thc curious parullol between that semi-fabulous Reformer of thc Kost and the Teacher and Redeemer in whom they both believed. They went about thc house together. Nita admiting everything, naif she wcresccing those old rooms for thc first time. Tho alterations to be made were of the smallest. Nita would allow scarcely any change. ** Whatever was nice enough for Lady Jano mnst be moro than good enough for me," she said decisively «hon Godfrey proposed im- provements which would have changed thc character of his mother's morning room ; a conservatory, a large buy window ul the end, for instance. " But it is such a shabby hole, compared with your room nt Cheriton." " It is a dear old hole, sir, and I won't hare it altered in the smallest detail. I adore those old, deep-set windows und wide window seats ; and this appleblossom chintz is simply delicious. Faded, sir? What ot that? One cau't buy such patterns nowadays, for love or money. And that old Chinese screen must have belonged to a Mandarin of the highest rank. My only feeling will be that I am a wretch in appropriating dear Lady Jauc'e surroundings. This room titted her like a glove." "She is charmed to surrender it to you, love ¡ and your forbearance in thc matter of improvement will delight her." "Your improvements wonld have been destruction. A conservatory opening out of that window would suggest a city man's drawing-room at Tulse Hill. I have seen such in my childhood when mother used to visit old people on thc Surrey side of the river." " Loreliest insolence !" "Oh, I am obliged to cultivate insolence. It is a parvenues only defensive weapon. We new-made people always give Ourselves more airs than you who were born in the purple." She roamed from room to room, expatiating upon everything with a childlike pleasure, delighted at the idea of this her new kingdom, over which she was to reii'n with undivided sovereignty. Cheriton was ever so much grander ; but ut Cheriton she had only been the daughter of the house, indulged in every fancy; yet in somewise in a Btate of sub- jection. Here she wus to be sole mistress, with Godfrey for her obedient slave. "And now show mc your rooms, sir," she exclaimed, with pretty uuthoriry. " I may wish to mako some improvements liiere." " You shall work your will with them, dearest, as yon have done with their master." He led her to his study and general den, a fine old room looking into thc stable-yard, capacious, but gloomy. "This is dreadful," she cried, "no view, and ever so far from nc ! You must have thc room next the morning room, so that wc can run in to each other, and talk at any moment.1' *' That, is one of the best bedrooms." " What of that ! We can do without superfluous bodrooms ; but I cannot do with- out you. This room of yours will make ii visitor's bedroom. If he or abo doesn't liku it, he or she can go away, and leave us to ourselves, which toe shall like ever so much thc bolter, shan't we?" she asked caressingly, as if life were going to bc one long honey- moon. Of course be assented, kissed her red frank lips, and assured lier that, for him bliss meant a perpetual duet. Yes, his study should be next lier boudoir ; so that in his busiest hours he should bo able to turn to her for gladness-refreshing himself with her smiles after a troublesome interview with, hi» bailiff-taking counsel with her about every change in his stable, sharing her interest in every new hook, "J will give orders about the change at once," he said, "so that everything may be ready for us when you arc tired of Cheriton." They lunched g-ily iu the garden. Nita hated eating indoors when thc weather was good enough for an alfresco meal. They lunched under a Spanish chustuut, that made a tent of foliage «n tbe lawn in front of tho terrace. They lingered over thc meal, full of talk, finding a new world of conversation sug- gested by their surroundings ; and theo the greys were brought rouud to the hall door, and they started on thc return jottrncy. It began to rain before they reached Cheriton, and the afternoon clouded over with a look of premature winter. Nosaunter iugs on the terrace this eveniug ; un midnight meanderings among thc cypresses and yews, thu nlcaining statues and dense green walls j as if they had been Romeo and Juliet, wedded utld happy, in thc garden at Verona. For tile first Lime sinco the beginning of their honeymoon they were obliged to stay indoors. " It is positively chilly," exclaimed Juanita, as her maid curried otf her dump mantle. 11 My dearest love, I'm afraid you've caught cold," said Godfrey with absolute alarm. "D.i I ever catch cold, Godfrey ?" she cried scornfully, and indeed her splendid physique seemed to negative thc idea as she stood before him, tall and buoyant, with the carnation of health upon cheek ¡iud lips, her eyes sparkling, lier head erect. " Well, no, my Juno, I believe you ure free from all auch weaklier as human nature can be ; but I shull order tires all the sume, and 1 implore you lo put on a wurm gown." " 1 will," she answered gaily. " You shall sec me in my copper plush. ' "Thanks, luve. Thal is a vision to live for." " Shall wc have tea in my dressing-room or in yours ?" "In mine. I think we have tuken lea in almost every otb. r room in the house, as well as in every corner of the garden." It hud been one of her girlish capticcB to devise new places for their afternoon tea. Whether it hud been as keen u delight to the footman to curry Japanese tables and bamboo chairs from pillar lo post was open lo question ; but Juanita loved to colonise, as she called it. " I feel lhat wherover we establish our teapot we invest thc spot with thc sanctity of home," she said. Fires wero urdored, ami tea in Sir Godfrey's dressing-room. It was Lord Dalbrook's dressing-room, actually, and altogether a sacred chamber. It had been ono of thc best bedrooms in the days o' the Strangways ; but his lordship, liked space, und had chosen this room for his own particular den- u fine - .Id room, with full-length portraits of the Sir Joshua period let into the panelling. The furniture was of Ihc plaiuost, and very dilfercut from the luxurious appointments of tho other rooms, for those very chairs and tables, and yonder substantial mahogany desk, had doue duty in James Dalbrook's chambers in thcTeinle thirty years before. So had the heavy-looking clock on the chimney -piece, surmounted by a bronze Saturn leaning upon his scythe. So bad the brass candlesticks, thc red morocco blotter, and the silver inkstand on the desk. He had fallen asleep in that capiciousarm chair many a time in thc small hours, ofter struggling with thc intricacies of a railway bill or por- ing over a volume of precedents. Thc thick l'crsian carpet, the velvet win- dow curtains, panelled walls, and a fine old fireplace gave a look of subdued splendour to thc room, in spite of tho dark and heavy furniture. There «vas a largo vase of roses on the desk, where Lord Cheriton never tolerated a flower; und lhere were more roses on the chimney-piece; and some smart bamboo chairs, many coloured liku Joseph's coat, had boen brouchl from Nita's morning-room-and so, with logs blazing on the floriated iron dogs, and a scarlet tea table set out with blue and gold china, and a Muorish copper kettle, the room had as gay an aspect as anyone could di sirc. Juanita had changed her gown by the time thc tea table was ready, and caine in from her room next door, a radiant figure in a gleam- ing copper-coloured gown, flowing loose from throat to fool, and with no adornment except a broad collar aud cuffs of old Venice point. Her brilliant complexion and southern eyes and ebon hair triumphed over the vivid hue of the gown, und it was at her Sir Godfrey looked us she came beaming towards him, and not the dressmaker's achievement. "How do you like it?" 'she asked, with childlike pleasure in her fine raimcut. "I ought to have kept it till October, ¿mt I < ouldn't resist puttiug it on, just lo seo what you think of it. I hope you won't say it's gaudy." " My dearest, you might bu clad in a russet cloud for anything I should know to the contrary. A quarter of a century hence, when you are beginning to fancy yourself passée we will talk about gowns. It wili be of some consequence then how. you dress. It can be none now." " Thal is just a man's ignorance, Godfrey," she said, shaking her finger at bim, as she seated herself in one of the b-imboo chairs before thc tea-table, a dazzling figure, in thc reflection of the ' blaziug log-, which danced about her eyes and hair and copper coloured gown in a bewildering manner. *' You think mu handsome, I suppose?" " Eminently so." " Aud you think I should be just as hand- some if I dressed anyhow-in a badly- fitting Tussor», for instance, made last year and cleaned this year, and with a hat of my own trimming, eh, Godfrey ?" " Every bit as handsome." "That shows what au ignoramus a Uni versify educatiou eau leave a man. My dearest boy, half my good looks depend upon my dressmaker. Not for worlds would I have you see me a dowdy, if only for one half hour. The dieuUusion might last a life- time, I dress to please you, remember, sir. It was of you I thought when I was choosing my trousseau. I want to bc lovely in your eyes always, always, always." " You need make no effort to attain your wish. You have put so st rong a spell upon me that with me at least you are independent of the dressmaker's art." "Again I soy you don't know what you arc talking ubont. Rut fruukly, now, do you think it too cundy ?" " That coppery background to my Murilla Madonna. Ko, love, the colour suits you lo perfection." She poured out the tea, aud then sank bnck tn her comfortable chair, in a reverie, languid after her explorations of the Priory, full nf a dreain-likc happiness as shu basked in thc glow of thc fire, welcome as u novel in- dulgence at this time of the year. " lhere is nothing more delightful than a fire in July," she said. Her eyes wundcred ubnut thc room, idly. " Do you call them handsome ?" she abked presently. Godfrey looked puzzled. Was she still harping on thc dress question, or was she challenging his admiration for those glorious \ eyes which he had lieen watching in their ; rovings for a lazy five minutes. | "I meau the Strangways. That is their | famous beauty-the girl iu the scanty white ( petticoat, with the gout. Imagine iinyiino walking about a wood with ii goal, iu white salin. What queer iden» portrait painters1 must have bad in those days. Sho is very lovely though, isn't she ?" " She is not my ideal. I don't admire that narrow Cu;<id"H-iiow mouth, thc lips pinched up as if they were pronouncing ' pruues and prisms.' The eyes arc large and handsome, bul loo round, thc complexion wax- dollish. No, she is not my idunl. "' " I should have been miserable if you hud admired her." " There is a face in the hull which I like ever so much belter, and yet I doubt if it is ti good face." " Which i8 that?" " Tlic fa.ee of the girl in that group of John Srnuigvay's three children," "Tuat girl with the toweled hair and bright blue eyes. Yes, ehe must have been hand- some-but slio looks-I hope you won't be shocked, but I can't help saying it-that girl looks a devil." ".Poor soul ! Her temper did not do much good for her. I believe she came to a melan- choly end." " If ow was that?" " She cloped from a school in Switzerland, with, an officer in a Ups regiment, alovo match, but'she went wrong a few years afterwards, left her husband, and died in poverty, at Boulogne I believe. " "Another ghost" exclaimed Juanita dole- fully, " Poor, lost soul, shcwiísí walk. I can't help feeling sorry fur her-married to a man who was unkind to her, perhaps, aud whom she discovered unworthy of her love. And then years afterwards meeting someone worthier end better whom she loved passion- ately. That is dreadful ! Ol., Godfrey, if I had been married before I saw you-and we had met und you had cured tor inc-God knows whit kind of woman I should have been. Perhaps I should have been one of those poor souls who have a history, the women mother and her friends staie ut and whisper about in the Park, Why arc people so keenly interested in them, I wonder? Why can't they leave them alone I" j " It would be charity to do so." " No oue is charitable-in London.' "?Do yon think the country is more indul- gent." j "I suppose not. I'm afraid English people keep ali their charity for thc Continent. I shall never look at the girl in that group with- out tliiukint! of her sad story. She looks hardly (ifteen in the picture. Pour thing. She did not know what was coming." I They loitered ove- their lea-table, making the most of their happiness. The sweetness of their dual life had not begnu to pall. It was still uew aud wonderful to be together thus, unrestrained by auy other preseuce, Io thc midst of their guy talk Juanita's eyes wandelnd to the bronze Kmc upon the ehimucy-piccc and thc familiar figure sug- gested gloomy ideas. "Oh, Godfrey, look at that grim old mau with his scythe, mnwiug doun our happy moments sn fast that wc can hardly taste their sweetness before they speed away. To think that our lives aro harrying past us like a torrent, and that we Khali he like him," point- ing distastefully to thc type of old agc-thc wriifklcd brow and flowing beard-''before we know that we have lived." "It is a pity, sweet, that life should be so short." Her glance wandered, higher to the dark oak panel above tile clock, and she started up from her low chair with a faint scream, stood ou tiptoe before the fireplace, watched 'haifa,dozen scraggy peacock's feathers From thc panel, and threw them ut her husband's feet " Look at those," she exclaimed, pointing to them a- they lay there. " Peacock's feathers. What have tiley done that you should usc them so ?" "Oh. Godfrey, don't you know ?" she asked earnestly. j " Don't I know what ?" " That peacock's feathers bring ill luck. It is fatal to take them into a house. They arc an evil omen, and father toili. pick them up when he is et rolling about the lawn and will bring them indoors ; though I am always scolding him for his obstinate fully, and always throwing thc horrid things away." " And this kind of thine has been going on for some yeats I suppose ?" asked Godfrey, smiling at her intensity. "Ever duce I can remember." "And have the peacock's feathers brought you misfortune ?" She looked at him gravely for a few moments, and then hurst into a joyous laugh. " No, no, no, no," she said -' Fa c bas been overkind to rae. I have never known sorrow. Fate has given mc you. I am thc happiest woman iu tho world-for there can't bc another you, and you are mine. It is like owning the Koh-i-noor diamond ; one kuows that one stands alone. Still all the same, pea- cock's feathers are uulucky, and I will not suffer them in your room." She picked up thc offending feathers, twisted them into a ball, and fluug them at the back of thc deep old chimney, behind the smouldering logs ; und then he produced a chess boara, and she aud Godfrey began a game with thc board on their knees, and played for an hour by firelight. ( To bc Continued. ) 