WAS IT A CHOST TBEF S1W. J Mrs. IT. Jennings Krai at No 2U, Main ! Street, Bridgeport, and IOm Minnie Parrot boards withiner. The houte is an old one but in good order. One night early in Dec ember (1891) tha two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not § soot in the Iionse. They left the gas homing in the front parlor. At about balf P«st ele ven they returned and entered Hie house |.rA;»[> ornl talking. But as they went in to Aepariourthemeriy humour died out of them in * second. Wight in the middle of die room stood m dark man of gigantic stat ure. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eye holes in it. ff'B chirt sleeves were rolled up «.«<! in one hmJ he carried a long, old-fash ioned] pistol.'he women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later, he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows secur ely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health/ writes an American friend, " I had slept bad ly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemei Utcc the calling of ««»«'; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years bef ore, as she wis leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local women gossips said it was a summons and I would never pet well. Yet I did and imw in perfect health now. £ believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I.ve never seen it since, and it's more than three } ears ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there* no end o the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In Starch 1690 it wa?, Mrs Jane Foster, of Bamacot Bud, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:-I was so dre-adfully neremt I could not bear anyone in the room with me. j et I did not wish them f ar away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head over my ryes. and I was side most of the time. My skill was dry and yellow, and theatomach. and bowels felt cold and dead. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid foad, and could not retain even that in my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. Jfy memory completely failed. Mv he id ached ee dreadfully I thought I should lose my censes and my friends agreed that I never would get bctter. * I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me die w»s her self once just as badly off, and was curat by Mother fceigel's Curative Syrup. As Bhe mmed to have so maeh faith in this medic ine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room and b» the end of the week 1 went downstairs. Now I am as well ?sever. I can cat and digest my food and all my nervou-ness has left me. The malady Mrs Foster suffered was in digestion and dvepesia and nervous prostra tion. i he original cause was gtief and shock at the violent death of her husiand, by acci dent and the system raliied only when the f'yrup had riven new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be jour opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that the uioel uncanny visions and sounds mean noth ing move or less than a set of nerves oil up set by indigestion and dyspepsia, (ghosts came from the inside of the person that eees them^jnd when Mother Seigel's J-yrup does its work the eyes end ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 