WIT AND HUMOR. Advisee on the subject of ghost-seeing given by a hardened seeptie to a young friend. “ My dear boy, if a ghost comes in ot the door, take a pistol; if he comes up through the floor, take a pill." u My bo'ovo'l brethren," announced tbo preaohrr from bis pulpit, “on Sabbath morn ing next a collection 'will be taken up for our blcssrd Fiji mission.*' “Amen,” rang fer vently through the congregation. “Amd I would add," went on tho preacher,impressive ly, M that smens, however resonant and sin cere, make butjittle rattle in tho contribu tion box.” Tbo leader of a theatre orchestra toward tbo close of Itfßt senson was told that he mast cut down expenses. Ho cut off the man with tbo big drum, who was not getting the big gest salary of tho lot. “Why did you dis charge tbo poor fellow,” he was asked, “in stead of one of tho others?" “Well, you sec,” was tho reply, “he was getting so Utile, 1 thought be would not feel the lots of it ranch." 1 First Farmer: “ You say you can't take £8 for that cow?” Ssoond Farmer: “Can’t do it." “ But yesterday you told mo you'd soli her for £&” “I know I did, but I’ll have to bsok I out. ” “ What's tho matter?" “ You see that oow belongs to my wife, and she says sho'll sob herself into hysterics if 1 sell her. It would break her heart.” “All right—it's no trade - “I say?” “Well, what is it?” “Make it £9, and we’ll lot her sob. ” Answered.—“ Suppose,” said an examiner to a student in engineering, “yea had built an engine yourself, performed every part of the work without assistance, and knew that it waa in complete order, but when put on tbo road the pump would not draw water; what would you do?" “ 1 should look into the tank and ascertain if there was any water to draw," replied the student A husband went oat in tbo sea to swim,and his wife went out to look after him. She seated herself on a rock on tho shore and be -I;an to make remarks about bis appearance in lis bathing suit “Oh, Jim," said she, “you are getting so fat Otoe of your shoulders is away below the other. Ob, bow tbo freckles are coming out; you look like a shark in tbo water. Don’t be afraH to go out whero it's deep. Your head won't sink you—nothing in it Your feet look like elonbantino oysters. ” Tho husband listened meekly for awhile and then suddenly grabbed her by the feet and dumped her into the water, bat, summer suit, summer novel, gloves, parasol, caramels, and all. Bhe fell into a (loop pool behind tbo rook and went out of sight When she re turned ro tbo surface she was removed to the sand on the shore, where she flopped around and gathered much dirt The brute left her there, gasping, coughing, soaked, and sanded) while be enjoyed a long swim unmolested. The “ happy couple" were alone in a lonely spot on the beach. That was all that pre vented a divorcee Asking Mr. Speaker to Sing a Comic Song. —There can be no question that the greatest astonishment ever created in tho House of Commons was when Sir George Rose went into tho house drunk one evening and called upon Mr. Speaker for a comic song. The members were perfectly paralysed with as tonishment, most of them springing to their feet As soon as tho Speaker could collect his scattered senses, he ordered the Sergeant at-Arros to take the honorable member into custody. Sir George Rose, who was a county member of groat influence and wealth, was subsequently brought up before the Speaker; but tho wine be bad drunk had made him pug nacious and obstinate, and when he was called upon by the Sergeant-at-Arms to beg the Speaker's pardon, be avowed bard and fast that be would beg no man’s pardon, not even King George’s, and certainly not that little obap’s with the big wig. Sir George Rose was therefore committed to a room called tho lock-up of the House of Commons, to sleep off the debauch. Next day be waa penitent and sober, begged the Speaker’s pardon, was reprimanded, and discharged on payment of costa, which were very heavy. Babies for Crocodile Bait.—“ Babies wanted for crocodile bait Will lie returned alive." If newspapers abounded in Ceylon as much as crocodiles do, advortivemenU worded like the foregoing would be common In their want colnmns. As it is, the English crocodile hunter has to secure bis baby by personal solicitation. Be is often successful, for Cey lon parents,as a rule, have unbonded confidence in the hunters, and will rent their babies out to be used as oroeodilo bait for a small con sideration. Ceylon crocodiles suffer greatly from ennui; they prefer to lie quite still, soothed by the sun’s glittering rays,and while away their lazy lives in meditation. But when a dark brown infant with curling toes sits on a bank and blinks its eyes at them they throw off their cloak of laziness and make their pre paration for a delicate morsel of Ceylonese baby humanity. Whan the crocodile gets about bslf-way up the bank the banter, con cealed behind some reeds, opens up fire, and the hungry oroeodilo has its appetite and life taken away at the same time. The sportsman gtoorss the skin and bead of the crocodile, ■nd the rest of the oarcose the natives make nseof. 