SPORTMG. By ' MasIotte.' The return cricket lavtch between the firms of Mr Henry B. Maclure and Messrs Meakes and Wheeler will be played to morrow afternoon on the Park oval, play to commence at 2.30 p m. sfrirp. The follow ing will represent the 'feingers' : — Atkin- . son, Banvcll, Dillon, Evais, H. B. Maclure. A. Massie, McLaren, JSrcndergast, Trew, Willis, Wilson. Emergei cies — Ottey, Aber linc, and Booth. The trotting match fetweeii Abe and Blossom, which was to t; le place to-morrow afternoon, has been post wned till Monday. From Melbourne conn sword to the effect that the removal of Tita- iby Mr D S. Wal lace from Hickenbothanfis stable was due to that trainer having Cotiedian aud Titan running in the V.A.Ta'j Hopetoun Cup. When interviewed on th* subject, Hicken botham is said to have ubts delivered him self : — ' All lean say injL'ho matter is that at Caulfield Mr Walfacej.^mc to me beforo the Hopetoun Cup wasj.-uu and asked me what I was going to dp with my horse and his. ' Send them botljj and maj* the best one win,' was the reply. At that he (Mr 'Wallace) waxed wrothlUnd ordered me to send Titan back to Queascliff on the follow ing morning.' Not many weeks ago Hicken. botham was heard to njiuwk that though he had trained many goodwinncrs — Carbine, Mentor, and Calma atrmg them — for Mr Wallaco, he had ncvi ij received from that gentleman a shilling ore than he was legally entitled to. i? The Adelaide horse frntax, by Sir Ed mund from Black Bess, reported to havo been sold to the rep tentative of Lord Bcresford for £500, an I will shortly leave for his new home, Calc Ita. The death of the |-iccuslaiid stallion, Newbold, which occur 'j\ some days ago at Rosevale Farm, was ditto natural causes. He was 24 years old, a j was the sire of Ben Bolt, Megaphone, and her good ones. Plausible, which ran [tird in a Melbourne Cup, was amongst the farters for a hack race at Tallangatta (\ k) on Boxing Day, and was beaten by two moderates. What a fall ! [ A pack of hounds is ppected to arrive in Melbourne from Englai hhortly to the order of Lord Hopetoun, wl J will present it to the Melbourne Hunt j'ub, of which he is one of the many noted llowers. The mares Albina, ;eria, and Winifred recently paid a visit t- htlua. Norbert, while takii [part in the Bagot Handicap, stumbled [ir the mile and a quarter post and cam Mown on his nose, which afterwards bled kely. Fortunately his rider, Ray, rccovert liim at that stage, and averted what, had Jrbcrt fallen, would probably have been i terrible accident. Norbert then finished t ):d. The Boston Itcconl fays of the farcical claim of Joe Goddan' -';he Australian, to the championship of neriea and of the world, which the NcfYork Clipper en dorsed : — 'The spor g world, as yet, does not know just h.o\ jc regard this ulti matuni save as a joke shim, for surely of all tho people who clai it right to challenge Corbett lie is the leaf jormidable.' God dard will yet give the fe of championship a sovero shaking. A. sale of thoroiiglibr- 1-earlings took placo at Wellington Park ^.2.), on Monday. In all 31 yearlings we ji submitted, which realised 6200 gus., or a iverage of .200 gns. each. The principal :uycr was Mr M. Power, representing t S. Horden, of Sydney, who secured t i; following lots : — Rniwn liv Wnt.idd W farm of Musket\ i from Onyx, 420gns ; b vn colt, by Castor (imp)., from Batista, .31 jus; brown filly, by Nordenfeldt from Punj verewere, 450gns ; chestnut filly, by Caste (imp)., from Neck lace, 700£us ; brown fi by Nordenfeldt from Ouida, OOOgns. A story is tola by a ' M-known racehorse owner and trainer that sminds one rather forcibly of such a thing a a 11 jockey ring' existing amongst certa i rulers. 10 would appear that this owner' iorse had been run ning iu a very erratic s fe, winning ono day handsomely amongst a 'od field, and meet ing with defeat next ^ 'k amongst an in ferior lot of horses. . ' lis form puzzled tho owner, also the stowar i at one particular racecourse. However ilr. — - decided to give the rider a rest, ad try one of the stable boys. Whon th jiekoy came to scalo aud was told to stand :\vn by the owner, he expressed surprise u i indignation at the action of tho owner. jwevcr, tho boy did not lose much time iu ivesting himself of his colors, and quickly irrying off apprised a couple of bookmakei that tho horse was a sure 'trier' to-day, cd not to lay him. You can guess tho owi rs dismay when he sent a commission into criug to find that ho could uot get a bctt prico than 3 to 1 to start with against a he c that would under ordinary circumstuueo! jiiavo opened out at 8 to lor 10 to 1. Th horeo woi* easily* with the stable boy uv Thereupon the owner asked the stowa * to hold an inquiry into the riding of the fi t. boy ; but no, that body was content to le natters stand. The owner now loudly prot ks that he has been robbed of at least hall .dozen races by a rider whom lie surmise jvna iu tbo beep of. certain bookmakers. Mr P. Heficman's Selim appears amongst tho list of nomination* for tlie Newmarket i Handicap. | When Graham returned to tho pavilion after his not-out innings in Melbourne the other day a gentleman on the ground pro- j aented him with a £10*uoto in recognition of j his grand batting display. Tho Albury cricketers have lost Stowart Wright, who goes to Sydney, aiul havo ; gained au acquisition in Vcre Harris. | ? In a Sydney paper '.Rherina' in a letter says: — 'The continued non-success of tho eleven picked from tho three or four Sydney cricket clubs, and who style themselves New ? South Wales, must boa source of grim satis faction to most impartial lovers of the game and to country cricketcrs especially. How is it that the selection! committee refuses to give rising young players a chance, and ut terly ignores country cricketers?'^ Writing about selling raccs, in a Vic torian contemporary, 'the bulky 'Numquam Dormio' goes on to say ? — tl A miracle 5 A miracle ! A perfect! miracle ! A soiling raeo that wasn't a selling race ! Only fancy ! Seven horses started ; the betting was— 2 to 1 Radoo, f- to 2 Paddy, 5^ to 1 cach Greenwich and Sardo ; and tfot Green wich beat Sardo, after a desperate race, by a head, with Mercy. Merrick only three quarters of a length away third 1 Oh, you know I There must: have been something radically wrong in the State of 'Denmark. Seven starters and at least two spinners in a selling racc in Victoria. Great Ciesar's Ghost ! Have I lived to sec such a con. summation ! And thoy scooted over the 5 furlongs in 1 minuto seconds ! 