The Assembly Elections. SELECTING A LABOR CANDIDATE FOR FROME PUBLIC MEETING AT PETERSBURG. As is well known, the local labor bodies have for some time past been engaged in compiling a list of names, from which the selection of a candidate for Frome, to repre- sent the cause of the workers, in the House could be made; The persons nominated were :—Messrs W. Heithersay (Mayor of Petersburg), T. Currie, A. Dungey, J. Heithersay, and W. J. Young. The first four gentlemen are well known locally, and it only remains to be said that Mr Young until recently was connected with the Education Department of this colony, but at the present time is engaged in scholastic pur- suits at Broken Hill. On Saturday night last the nominees addressed a public meeting in the Petersburg Town Hall. Mr Clancy presided, and his request that each speaker might be accorded a fair hearing proved to be unnecessary, good order prevailing throughout ; each speaker was limited to 15 minutes. Mr. Thomas Curry said that, only a common worker, he felt somewhat out of place on the platform in the presence of such an array of talent. He had been asked to stand by several members of the Progressive Labor League, and though he had been fre- quently told that he had not the ghost of a show, he was determined to go through with the matter. He drew attention to the fact that, of the candidates, he was the only bonfide working man. He knew that in many cages the workers in the old country had been well and ably represented by men not of their class, such as Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr Plimsoll and others, but, he contended that generally this sort of representation had not proved a success, and the modern move- ment, to send men direct to Parliament from the ranks of workers had much in its favor. After referring to the unemployed question, the speaker passed on to the pro- ceedings of the recent Stores Commission, which he said disclosed a most unsatisfactory state of things. Martin & Co's locomotive contract was a virtual monopoly ; the greater portion of the engines were imported already manufactured. He believed in protection, but not this sort of thing. Why could not the engines be manufactured entirely in the Government workshops ? It would pay the Government to manufacture portions private contractors would not care about, not know- ing whether they would be able to secure the next contract or not. Fulton's pipe contract and protection of S.A. Cement were also instances where a few individuals were pro- tected at the expense of the workers, who had to pay through the nose. He deplored the late Broken Hill Strike and was prepared to admit mistakes had been made, but thought nothing could excuse the barbarous boycotting of men who took part now going on at the Hill. If he had the honor of being elected to Parliament he would do all in his power to conciliate Capital and Labor, as whilst these were at variance the colonies would never prosper. He urged the labor party to be united and vote solid for whoever came out at the head of the preliminary ballot, bearing in mind that the eyes of the world were on them. It was unnecessary for him to say that he supported the labor platform. Mr W. J. Young complimented the previous speaker on the moderate stand he had taken, and admitted the business tact displayed by the labor party at the present juncture. The failures of the past bad been clearly attributable to divisions in the party. It was very necessary, too, that in the House the labor party should be kept intact. He thought every reasonable man would agree to the platform adopted. He contended that he was a working man ; he had earned his own living ever since he was 13 years of age. The workers, too, should not forget that they owed a debt to the schoolmasters, to whose efforts the improvement of recent years was largely due. In agitating for necessary re- forms he would advise them not to ask too much. He believed is asking for what he would be likely to get, rather than for all he might desire. He agreed with the last speaker that the manufacture of locomotives and other works should be carried out by the government and not let by contract. For 300 years, all legislation had been in favor of protecting "property" at the expense of human beings, the game laws of older countries being cited as an instance. He asked them what would capital be without labor ? The land laws were at the bottom of the whole social question, and it was her defect in this respect that accounted for S. A. not progressing more than had been the case. Laws should be amended so that persons could go on the land without paying a penny ; when they had made a living it would be time enough to tax them. Everything possible in the way of irrigation and water conserv- ation should be done, so as to give the farmer a chance of growing something besides wheat. Unfortunately the best land in the colony had been taken up. He did not go in for confiscation, but would make the land tax so progressive that owners of large estates would be compelled to utilise them or cut them up. The civil services was overmanned and over paid in the higher grades, and except in cases where special technical qual- fication was necessary, he would wipe every salary out exceeding £500. In the Education Department a large sum might be saved with out in any way curtailing its usefulness. They should look to it that they sent up to the House not merely a silent member—an inactive mute—but an aggressive represent- ative, one who would fight till he succeeded. He considered the term in the Legislative Council too long—the members got out of touch with the people. The term should be cut down to 6 years, or even three, or— perhaps, better, still—wiped out altogether. The Factories and Workshops Act was an absolute necessity—in this they were years behind the old country. Mr. A. Dungey based his claims for support on the fact that he was a South Aus- tralian and that the labor cause had been the aim of his existence. He contended that the labor cause was the service of humanity, to which end his life had been devoted, believing that no man could serve two masters and that it was better for every man to say on which side he stood. He had contested a district 3 years ago and was then looked on by some as before his time—a faddist, but he still stood true to his convictions. Though he stood pledged to the labor cause that did not prevent him representing other sections of the community. He stated this to remove any misconception on the part of the producers, who were no less workers than those con- nected with the mechanical trades. He favored a State Bank of loan, issue and deposit. He would do his utmost for the mining industry and in the direction of settling workers on working men's block— even to the extent of advocating a loan for the purpose. He would abolish the Legis- lative Council, believing that no man or nation could exercise two wills. As an advocate of electoral reform, he favored universal and free franchise for both sexes and would afford the fullest facility for the transfer of votes from one district to another. In reference to the education question, as there seemed no possibility of a change at present he proposed leaving things as they were, though when an opportunity came he would favor resorting to the Competitive System, which would place Protestant, Catholic and Atheist on the same footing. He was a staunch supporter of the Workmen's Lien Bill. Be was struck aghast at the New Australia Scheme, the very suggestion of which was a libel on the intelligence of the Government of the country. Rather than allow such a proposal to he carried out the Government would be justified in floating a loan for the purpose of placing the intending emigrants on the land here. The Stock Tax he opposed tooth and nail. Through it they lost cheap meat as well as revenue on the railway. He favored water conservation, and believed that the sooner the offices of Railway Commissioners were abolished, and the control of the railways again put into the hands of the people, the better. Mr. John Heithersay having only been notified of the meeting two days previously asked and obtained permission to read his speech, in the course of which he dwelt on what he considered to be the functions of the government. He was opposed to any further sale of Crown Lands, and in its stead would substitute a perpetual lease. He favored a tax on the unimproved value of land. The public debt of the colony stood at about twenty-one millions, the interest on which amounted to about £980,000 per annum, which had to be paid before one penny could be applied to the government of the colony. He favored Part XIX, believing it only right that land values in municipalities and district councils should be taxed, and that this course would do away with an unjust monoply, and encourage industry and the employment of labor. He would do all in his power to develop the mineral rescources of the colony, and would advocate a sum of money being placed on the estimates for prospecting. He would support an Act securing just compen- sation to tenant farmers for improvements effected. He was thoroughly opposed to centralization, believing that the welfare of the colony could be best advanced by settling people on the soil, and developing as much as possible its natural rescources. He favored the government manufacturing their own steam engines, bridges, and other re- quirements for the use of the railways, and was opposed to such work being let to private firms, and so resulting in a loss of thousands of pounds to the government, or, in other words, to the people. Concluding a lengthy and comprehensive address, the speaker said he claimed to be not only a local candidate, but one who was thoroughly conversant with the requirements of the dis- trict. He had resided in Petersburg for ten years or more, and was well known by many present. Mr W. Heithersay, was in favor of an Act to secure to tenant farmers just compensation for their improvements. The necessity of this had been clearly shown in many cases in this neighbourhood. He favored Protection for the purpose of encouraging local industries and the further development of the resources of this colony. He would support the Work- men's Lien Bill as it would protect trades- men and others in the employ of contractors by making the owners responsible. The latter could suffer no risk as the remedy would be in their own hands. It was also necessary to amend the Employers' Liability Act, the principles of which should apply to seamen, it being a lamentable fact that sea- men should not receive the same privaleges as their fellow workers on land. The age of which boys could be employed should be settled by legislation, also the hours of labor. Steps should be taken to reduce to a minimum the ill effects caused by insufficient breathing space in factories and workshops. All buildings, whether used as dwellings or workrooms, should be properly ventilated, and all insanitary tenements should at once be condemned. To cope with strikes a department of labor should be established, the functions of which should be to arbitrate between the contending parties, and to deal with the unemployed question. He favored a State Bank which would enable our Government to be its own banker. He would like to reduce the rental qualification of voting for the Council from £25 to £10, as the present system disfranchised a large number. The term of office should also be shortened, so as to hasten liberal legislation. He was strongly in favor of adult suffrage be- cause he thought that all who were under our laws should be able to have a voice in making them. The divorce laws should be made to apply equally to both sexes. A Steam Boilers Inspection and Registration Bill, for the prevention of accidents, had been a long felt want. He was opposed to the unrestricted immigration of alien and colored races. Settling bona fide working men on working men's blocks was a very important matter, but although nearly all the blocks at Petersburg had been applied for, it was absolutely necessary that a permanent water supply should be obtained to make them a success. The best scheme which had come under his notice was the one recommended by the Government ; this, if carried out, would provide all the inhabitants of the town with an abundant supply of fresh water, and Petersburg would "blossom like the rose." Land grant Railways he would oppose, because in the first place it opened a way for land monoply, the evils of which were felt at the present time in this colony. Anyone present that had ever held land under the South Australian Land Company could bear him out of this. In numerous cases they had leased land from 2s 6d up to 10s per acre, and in many cases the occupier had paid the price of his land over and over again, in the shape of rent. To deal with absentee land owners he was in favor of Dr. Cockburn's Progressive Land Tax. Mr Grainger's Bill to prevent the brewers monopoly not having passed there was need to push this question. Whilst admitting the present licensing laws were very good they were not always efficiently carried out. He would place more power in the hands of the people ; let them decide how many hotels there should be, and how many hours they should be kept open. He would appoint more licensing benches and let local people deal with local needs QUESTIONS. " Are the candidates in favor of a law prohibiting children under 15 years from becoming wage earners ?—Curry, Dungey, W. Heithersay and Young, yes. J. Heither- say, no, as in some cases hardship might be inflicted thereby. " Are the candidates in favor of free, secular, and compulsory education ?"—Curry and W. Heithersay favored present system ; Young held similar views but would give a capitation grant to private schools, where equally good results were obtained Dungey did not approve of the present but favored the competitive system. " Are the candidates in favor of the import- ation of alien labor ?"—All, no. " Are the candidates in favor of all govern- ment employees being allowed freedom of speech without fear of dismissal ?"— All, yes, but Young thought that while appointments continued to be made as at present, civil servants would do well to exercise a wise discretion. " Would the candidates favor all persons residing on government property being com- pelled to pay rates to the municipality in which such premises were situated ?"—Curry, yes, Dungey thought matter should be dealt with on its merits ; Young, yes, but thought the government should find the money ; W. Heithersay, yes ; J. Heithersay, yes, and that government employees should be allowed to have their say in municipal matters, " Are the candidates in favor of all government contracts being carried out by day work ?"—All, yes, but W. Heithersay pointed out that there must be effective supervision. " Are the candidates in favor of freedom of contract ?"—Curry, not as seen at the Hill ; Dungey, for the workers not for the sweaters ; Young, if unions existed in localities, yes, if not, no ; J. Heithersay said he had not seen the Employers' Union definition of the term. " Are the candidates in favor of the Con- tagious Diseases Act ?"— All agreed that there was no necessity for such Act in S.A. " Are the candidates in favor of the State undertaking the production of the necessaries of life ?"—Candidates being in doubt about the question the Chairman interpreted it as State Socialism, to which all the candidates were opposed, believing that state monopolies would be no improvement on the existing order of things. " Are the candidates in favor of better facilities being given for voting under Absent Voters, Bill ?"—All, yes, and Young would like to see all elections held on one day. " Are the candidates in favor of promotion by merit in Civil Service, instead of as at present, by influence ?"— All, yes. " Are the candidates in favor repealing the Libel Laws ?"—Dungey, yes ; Curry and W. Heitharaay, no ; Young would give press fullest freedom, but believed in certain restrictions being placed on private individ- uals. " Are the candidates in favor of fixinsg school-teachers' salaries as they were before the passing of the new Act ?"—Young, yes, as under the Act teachers had been reduced from £10 to £40, and now never could calculate their salary for the future with any degree of certainty. " Are the candidates in favor of prohibit- ing overtime in workshops and on Govern- ment contracts ?"—All, yes. " Would candidates favor this being made a penal offence ?"— Dungey, yes ; Curry thought that would be going rather too far, there might be extreme cases ; Young would inflict penalty but not penalise. Mr Dungey was then asked how he would manage if a train broke down up in the interior, and said that he considered this was one of those cases where the intelligence of the hour would be adapted to the cir- cumstances. Curry said that if in a case of this land men had to work more than eight hours in the one day they should make it up by working so many hours less the following day. " Are the candidates in favor of lawyers being returned to Parliament ?"—All the candidates thought it reasonable that all classes should be represented in the house, though Mr Dungey managed to get off some scarcastic expressions anent the profession generally, and Mr. Young thought the fewer in the House the better ?" " Are the candidates in favor of female franchise ?"—In favor, Dungey, W. and J. Heithersay ; against, Curry and Young. All candidates favored the appointment of a government inspector of breweries. In respect to Federation, Curry favored ; so did W. Heithersay, who spoke strongly in favor of intercolonial freetrade ; Dungey thought the time had not yet arrived. On being asked whether it was true that he was a member of the National Defence League, Mr John Heithersay said he was not aware of the fact. Mr. Rowe asked why Mr. John Heithersay refused to sign the petition for the release of the Broken Hill strike leaders at Deniliquin and Mr Heithersay explained the circum- stances, giving the lie to the statement that he had said Sleath and others should have had ten years instead of two. Mr A. Jamieson said Mr. John Heithersay had made this statement to him, but Mr. Heithersay again gave a flat denial. Mr Jamieson persisted in the statement, contending that Mr. Heithersay had rediculed his (the speaker's) connection with the Pro- gressive Labor League, and that generally he was out of touch with and opposed to the workers. The Chairman objected to the personal nature of the remarks and in this view appeared to be supported by the majority of those present. In respect to taxation, Curry referred those present to the labor platform, Dungey believed in taxing commercial lands, and W. Heithersay favored Dr. Cockburn's Progressive Land Tax. 