» ? Hi'. Siimn.'iANi till i» 1,111 I'1'!.','1 ' miiciriex per annum in any counliy h.uuij ; u-i varies in its ratio lo the population. Iwl year a certain number of human boinRs must commit suicide, nnd tlmy do ; they nnver fiyl j to supply the annual ivturn. The suieido rate in our vital statistics is just a« runulnr anil an permanent a« our ordinary death rate. Never- | thcicHs, we talk sometimes of a wave in ^uienle nnccmi* nvnr ft community, and attribute it to j some passing event or critus. Ihus, the Mol bourne Cup, won by nn outsider, is expoeteu tn product) its crop nf Biiieidcs, and no iloubt it will. I am led up to this sulij-wt by a conver sation which 1 recently overheard in tlie Gardens. The Despondent said, 'Jlv till ployor has the service of my body ; why not tho' devil the possession of my hoiiI, for 1 nwi«ar my suiil would nut be worse olY then than my bodv in now. Why slinuld I eonlinue to live when I wnulil die? Whose business is it but mine' Humid spoke of (lie ' canon '((.limt Kelf-sliiunht-r.' Inn 1 challenge his authority. The chief object ill life is the pursuit of hap piness. nn.t tlionuh in seeking it in death 1 nuy not (ind it there, at least 1 shail escape the t)i lures or this existence. All I desire is to avoid and cvudo the piins and penalties^ of being- l seek nothing new. That is my philo sophy.' Hopeful, his frirnd, suggested that that wan rather his despondency, and con tended that euicidc was an act of cowardice. Though this path of life was hard and thorny, it was braver to light on than to he down by 1 the wavsidc and give up the ghost llie .despondent man retorted that cowardice did ' not enter into the question nt nil. It was wholly ft matter of personal choice. No man was responsible for being born into tins world, and should be under no restraint from leaving it when he had a mind to. His proposal to do j away with himself, lie said, was eminently an ' act of good common-sense. He was confident ; that though death might not prove a change ! for the bettor, it assuredly could not he one for the worse in his ca^*. Tlie cowardiec lather lay in the humility and poor spirit with which we bear the ills we have, than in the act of daring and strength performed in crossing the thres i hold, aud risking and facing tlie tci rors of the 1 possible future life. He was not awaro that he had committed any sin in his life that would keep him out of heaven, if there was a heaven, excupt it be the concluding act of suicide, against which he again asked for the divine injunction. Why, urged the despondent man, should a wearied soul and disgusted intellect continue to dance attendance upon the mere physical body because it happens to be healthy and vigorous and capable of discharging its animal functions for a still indelinitc term. 16 the continuance of such bodily existence of greater moment than the release of an unhappy soul that would be free, aud may, if it will? Must the soul inhabit the body until it become decayed, and die in the foul process of nature? Ho would not countenance such sen ile subjec tion of the spirit to the flesh. If the spirit wcie content to remain in its tenement of clay till it withered and decomposed, well and good, but such devotion was not to his liking. He had ample meat upon his bones, good clothes upon his back and coins in his pocket ; but these were comforts of the body and thai ad ministered to the body. Though it !i\e in so wcll-puddcd and furnished a cell the toul is a prisoner still, and yearns for freedom none the less. Life is but there is something in teresting and iiowl in death. ' I will try it.' wound Up He-pondent. ' Let nie do it for you,' said his friend grimly, putting the cold muzzle of a revolver to his temple. 4' Ixwk out, you fool,'' said Despondent, ** it's loaded !' '*Qri:r:\sLANii must go to pieces,*' are the concluding words of a bUtant and conccited London Ktock Exchange sensationalist, named Wilson, who having gained great notoriety for that style of alarmist pessimism, lias lost his head over his ill-deserved publicity and success, and is now overdoing the thing in a most ridiculous manner. His acridity is eating into his veracity, and it is Wilson who will go to pieces, not Queensland. I am sorry to say the Wilson breed is numerous iu Queensland. They take an almost fiendish delight in hound ing down tlie country they live in, and I am sure they will be bittcr!y disappointed if the WilsoniaQ predictions and their own little prophecies do not come time. They would rather Queensland iu ashes that they might he able to say, gloatingly, 44 1 told you how it would be,' than themselves discredited as false prophets, and their country flourishing. On these persons I fear 1 cannot pass a ccnsurc thiit would equal in force that of an eminent author, who though not dealing with a specific case, yet had in his mind's eye those pessimists who are incapable of taking a straightforward view of their fellows and their environments. He says— I have it from a scrap of paper, the read ing of which brought to my mind Wilson and his tcllow- croakers — he says, ,4 they imagine that penetration is evinced by universal sus picion aud mistrust ; who hope, perliaps, to exalt themselves by degrading others ; who discredit everything that is noble, believe all that is base ; who would persuade their hearers that the pure wholesome temple of moral beauty and virtue is a lazar-housc of noisome corruption and festering abomination. A more false and pe.Uileiit treason against human nature, a more impious profanation of the divinity of goodness that is within us, a more self-condemning calumny upon the world it is not easy to conceive ; and yet, upon this paltry, mischievous basis have weak-headed, bad hearted men, in all ages, not only contrived to obtain a reputation for shrewdness and sagacity, but sometimes have been enabled to distress, with painful misgiving*, those nobler spirits who would wish to sympathise with fcllow creaturcs in the fulness of love and charity, and to believe themselves surrounded with congenial hearts and kindred so'jls.' Tin: most interesting, and very often the most amusing period of a maiden's life, to observers, is that occasion when ma allows her to drop her dress from her knees to her ankles, and put her hair up on top. Her bosom friends of yesterday, who have not yet come out like herself, are regarded with pitying patronage, and referred to as children, while the boys who were all sweethearts in turn with her are now looked down upon as mere lads, lo whom she condescends to nod good-naturedly, but nothing more. The young man in the bank or tbe Civil Service, is henceforth the recipient of her most gracious how and most winning smile. Every thing that could be construed into girlishness is studiously avoided, and excessive formality marks her every action. It iB fortunate that this singular artificiality of conduct wears off in time; but while the girl is aping the woman before she has really become one. she is a little tryant amongst her acquaintances, and often a bad friend to herself. The lapse of time is not long in bringing with it the desire to be a girl again, and the regret that she should have been so eager in her ' teens' to throw away the joys of childhood, and to anticipate the heartachcs which she mistook for the pleasures, of her ' ties.' Youth is like a magic lantern ; its Illu- 1 sions delight us ; hut womanhood is too often tbe 1 same lantern with the lenses broken and the illusion gone. 41 Here's to the maiden of bash ful fifteen.' * ' » ? * * Mi*. N\ A. Wimt.ii, whose letter on 4,Ants' is a very interesting in this Friday morning's paper, is'making a very heavy demand upon the public when he asks tbem to give up the three volume novel and take to the study of ento mology. The average citizen is not built that way unfortunately ; he is not likely to give up the enjoyment of a sensational story, for what he regards as the dry-as-dust occupation ot considering the ways of the ant or any other wild animal. It is most unfortunate, that scientific pursuits and philosophic studies should bear the common reputation of being dry and tedious. That impression is a great mistake, for assuredly no occupation is so engaging, nor raises interest and even excitement tn such a high de gree as that of the discovery, and storing up ia the mind of fact after fact relating to home one branch of the numerous wonderful pheno mena of Dame Nature. Every man should have a scientific hobby of somo sort to occupy bis spare time. Mark Twain reckoned there was more to & blue jay than any other bird, gud hie obserrAtfons on its peeultaritieB are on record. He had n smaller opinion of the ant, whose inability to strike a bee linr for horn*, , and whose capacity for discovering and|lloundoi'' ing over easily nvoilcd art icles, he regarded ? as a marvellous display of profound stupidity. | Sir John Lubbock on tlin other hand, in addition to socuring political fame for himself and bank holidaystafor 'Arry and 'Arriet by his Hank Holiday Act, found out onough about tho ant and its habits to write three most interesting and loarnod hooks, and even then only touched the fringe of their domestic economy. Tho study of the ant is not unattended with risks of a nature some times rather painful to thr students, as Mr. Winter probably knows, you must be careful about your ant and how you heard him in his lair. They run into specioB. home are domesticated, 44 law and order' ants, while others ai'e forocinus, anarchistic radicals, who want no prying human eyes about their com munities. These later are adepts in the Hank movement and often attack tho enemy from the rear. When a casualty of this character bcfals the student, he usually abandons the attitude of the philosopher and resorts precipitately to profanity and kerosene. These are dangers, however, that ouly add a steal to the study of entomology, and punctuate and diversify its course. Tnii Ocicakt. 