An Ode To The Modern Walts. ^ 'Tis a Mud of mild gyration, 'Tie the "Military "Waltz A eort of marche funebre, mixed With some very sudden talis, As your partner, vainly strircnj , To revolve, is forced to stop -; And your manly arm is aching, And you're nearly fit to drop; While the moments are so mc? ting^ And you can't account at ail, For the ponderous persistence Of Hie "Fairy " of thel>ali Her weight is but a trifle, If she steps upon the scale; She looks so like a Zephyr That you crowd on every fijil * With a feeling of elation, With a consciousness of potrer, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour; But a deadly drag is on you, And, alas! your dream, is false, For you find yon have to wrestle With the " Military Waltz!" I 1Mb Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, ■ Looking somewhat" ready-made Asthey zig-zag, slide and shuffle, ,t Torn round twice^ and then appear As II they " really had to Mop," They felt "bo very queer." Where is the old-time waltzing P And the waltzers, where are they P Here's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, " We'll try a turn for' auld-lang-eyne ;* *' She smiled, and took my arm: She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm ; Her form was Bomewhat solid, Yet her step was light as air; As we floated round the room, I, Thus, apostrophised the fair: " This is the good old waltzing, Thus in the days of yore, * Our steps beat time to th' musio, On many a festive floor; I could whirl for hours together, 2?or your walking is just divine; And you weigh like the. ghost of a feather, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and none other Then eke sighed, as she told of a youth, Wlio said that" ahe'fraltzed like his mother J" And he pdssibly spoke the truth. ERANK MORLET What the Unskilled Applauded.—Let a Woman whose sola gilt lies in a voice of unusual compass, force oat the G 01F of the lower ootive until it beoomes more like the groaning ot an invalid than a musical tone, fflt let her squeak out the F in the third ledger line tiktil it sounds us beautiful aa the cry of a pet lap dog on whose toes •ome one has stepped, and it will suffice to fill the hall with enthUBiasfio plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to sing the simplest melody without giving one the cramps, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian iceberg, will perhaps display a flexibility of voice to rival that of an instrument. When she eets up her fireworks and rockets in the form of soales, in sixteenths,- and pierces one's tympanum with her internal trills, with awful persistency and without taking breath, we may rest assured that the b&rquet; will spring up from ita seat and howl in eostacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or emphasis, let it be correct or false, but at all events strikingly exaggerated, constitute all of the dramatic muBio; that these qualities properly enjoy the priveleges of superseding Beauty of tone, time and rythm; that they folly suffice to replace the real contents, musical form, melody^ twipo and key. To fill the exaggerated demands of such bom bastio, high flying, affected and conceited style, he assumes the right of taking un warranted liberties with most imgortant works. Yet, if he brings this system of play before a certain public, he may be assured that the most lively and honest enthniasm mil reward him, because he has murdered a great m&Bter;, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a nnUn DMnoBl The PnbHc Letter Writer.—The tcrivan still exists in Bome, although with the ipmi of.ednoa$ion and the public ecbool his race is nearly ran. This one before as is • fine-lpokingold man, withkiiidly ejes and benevolent egression, whioii'^ins confidence at onMi both from the peasant gifts who somes to him to write a love letter, and from her laoky swAin fiswell, who aiso seeks' his aid, both to fead the letter and pen t£e reply. Italian IetterSafifnot UkeEagligh ones, fuU of news and personal items, bat fervent epistles', replete,^thgjission and sentiment and a plentiful sti^ply of exclamation marks. Bat is the mdtnent in whioh-we come upon the teritMM, it Is not with girl or lover that he is engaged, bat 'ftn old woman, seemingly older even than himself, & veritable old witoh who, bent over, atid with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentra tion while her old faculties are capable of, while the tcrivanb reads aloud to her the lefter ahehad submitted to"him. Who can realise how precious those written words may be to the listening woman lor without doabt they tell her of her children far away, the hoy or the girl pr both, whom years ago she used towatoti -while at play.in the ■qaareot by thefonntaih, and who how, in distant climes, are straggling to gain atliveu hood in some strange,land where all is in bitter oontraBt to the light end warmth of ♦'cura Borne." Field-marshal the Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the -British Army, spent all the early years'of his. life at Han over, where his father acted as Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. He is somewhat of a martinet, and speaks English with a rely strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old mail, with white hair and Whisker?, an apoplectic neck, and a rubi cund facewhich shows traces of good living. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank, iild hearty. He is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company, and a nap after and even during his meals. The only time when he had'the opportunity of displaying his prowess on a battle-field was in the Crimea, where he showed ereat pluck personally, but lost his bead {completely as a leader. / He has had many love-affairs, which culminated in <a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown to society, but by whom he has had a numerous family. Two of Mb sons, the Colonels Fits-George,1' form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fits*George, of the Royal Navy, has distinguished himself in the sister service. He is a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking arou**d to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable. Duchess of Cam bridge. He is very sensitive fee newspaper criticism, and was reofently much distressed at being lampooned fair having appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over Jus head to keep off the pelting rain, Ptof* Figcfifef|Of Erlangen, has discovered that the oftactlSy "nerve }g able to detect the presence of'l^,7WP,<300 of a grain of mercap tan. If "mercaptan "is another name foe Yarra Yarra.tbe professor's discovery will but-;- - 110 one who is intimately ac quainted with the robust flavor of that " silvery stream." " The water Of the so-called medical lake near Spokane is so charged with certain salts ''-it it ij Ijke lyBf -and is used in making suap. WfiSjl the tmid blows £he waves soon make eoaptads of ^he water, the froth, or [lather* filing in masses along the abortc ^Vertheless, thisis no " He." 