THE PRIORIY IGHOST The one afternoontrain was due at Middle \- ford-a small, straggling, and not very a prosperous town, where terminated a branoh line from a junntion on the South-Western SRailway-'a line for which, after long pro tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained too late, traffic havmg merged in the direction of a neighboring place. " Middleford ! Middleford! " As the train drew up at the platform, one passenger only, a young man of about eight or nine and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few moments looking about him as if in some uncertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether lie would, after all, pay the chance visit he had gone there to make. lHe had not none by invitation other than was conveyed in the words : "Don't forgetto look me up if you chance to be anywhere in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself there lad been some degree of intimacy at the University, as the two parted to go their different ways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value; and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan Meredith until he found, himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, turning over the leaves of Bradshaw, came upon the name of Middleford. and remem bored that it was Laurence Versehoyle's place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, he had, on the impulse of the moment, taken a ticket aRd jumped in. Hestood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining the influence his decision would have on his future life. and unable to account for his irresolution-a state of mind so unusual with him. He presently shook himself free of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He inquired the way of the porter, who had been curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station set forth for the Priory. As he walked along the not very interest inr country road, his thoughts reverted again to the man he was going to see. \What had become of him since they had parted three years previously-Vereoseoyle, the first favorite of his set, who, with his good intellect, brilliant, witty and versatile, had reemed capable of almost any mental feat! True, he had done nothing beyond give the impression that lie could do' a great deal if he chose; "and," thought Allan Meredith, " carry home a sheaf of bills, I expect. He ought to have been the moneyed man. and I tho one obliged to tseep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the very necessity for doing something may have given him the kind of impetus he needed-to say nothing of having to keep up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur to a man." He had reached the cross roads, and was recalling the somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. "Straight on till you come to a finger-post that seems to point back to the station, but doesn't; f take that road, sir-the Priory lane, it's' called-until you come to a swing gate, I leading into a field; cross that, keeping the footpath to the left, mind you, till you see a stile: get over that, go through the t lodge gates right opposite-though it isn't a t lodge now, and there ain't no gates, only t poets-and up an avenue, where all the trees I have been out down, and there you ere. The old place you'llsee before you is the Priory." Time and weather had effaced whatever h in'formation the sign post bad once afforded and there was nothing for it but to take the direction in which it pointed. - He walked slowly on, speculatinr as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive g from Versohoyle's people. How little he knew about them. F]rank to effusiveness in i some directions, Verachoyle could be reticent I enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was an only son, and at his father's death had inherited but the wreck of a one large property, Allan knew. He had also heard that the widowed mother was still living. What was Versohoyle doing? -living upon the small property, farming the land or had he, as he had sometimes talked tof doing, b gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market? At that. time his tl wares had appeared to Allai Meredith likely to be worth a great deal; but, with his three years' added knowledge and experience, he was now inclined to estimate them some- . what differently. Verschoyle's intellect had, tl indee1, revealed itself chiefly by fitful d flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no b lasting impression of very high powers: a and this, with his mercurial temperament f might render his success inthe future doubt ful. Allan Meredith had proceeded some dis- t, tance, and was beginning to think that he b must have passed the swing gate without b noticing it, when, on turning a bend in the lane, he saw ayoung girl walking in advance. Ic He quickened his steps a little in order to overtake her, and make inquiry as to whether tl he was going in the right direction, noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far as ti to infer that she was a farmer's daughter; or rather, as he thought with a half smile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally re supposed to be like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of sonme light grey stuff, and sho, t enough for country walkitng: a large t brown straw hat, with neither flower nor tl feather to adorn it; and ungloved hanes, in b the one swinging by her side a strap buckled si round two or three tattered-looking hooks. , After a moment or two hoe recognised some. - , thing more. Taking note of the firm, light d step, the'carriage of-the head, the perfect of ease and freedomof thetall graceful figure, he c mentally ejaculated: ".A lady; aye, and I with some individuality of her own, too !" His step had evidently not been heard on a the soft, springy turf, and he was fast leOsen ing the distance between them, some curiosity a now mingling with his desire for information, when she turned out of the lane and passed c1 through a swine gate. Hereshe paused for o amoment, looking back, and theireyes met. n Yes; just such a face as he, a dreamer of t dreams, hadsometimes picturel to, himsielf, 8 but hardly hoped to see in rhe world oi reality. a A face too grave and troubled for her years- fi she looked barely 1S-but how beautiful with its clear, steadfast eyes and general expres- y sion so simple, frank, girlish, and, at the same tilre so intelligent and thoughtful! 0 Shoe wase regardiog him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that a' he was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously he lifted his hat and I asked : "Can you direct me to the Priory P" "The Priory ?" she repeated in a low t voice, her eyes fixed more intently upon f him, and her hand tightening on the gate. "MIr Verschoyle's place. 1 was directed at the railway station, but do not feel sure that-" t " Whom do you want to see there?" she l put in abruptly--almost ungraciously. Nor was the toneassnmed; this wasnot the girl to affect the bruasquerie of unconven tionality any more than thesuavity ofo conven tionality--it was rather that of one in r deep anxiety, and unaccustomed to veil her thoughts. " Mr Versechoylo,"he replied. SOn business !"--the expression of dread, of whatever it was, deepening in her face, white now to the lips: as, on the im pulse of the moment, she pressed back the a gate as though to bar thIe way. 1 " No." he murmured. To have brought Ii such a look to such a face! : She still eyed him with the same unquiet b scrutiny, as though debating somethingin her ti mind; then hurriedly asked,B' But wihy i W\Vhere do you come from." He might very well have asked what in torest his relations with Verschoyle could havofor her; but he felt that there was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and was not inclined to take offooeo. Moreover, there was no necesity for mystery on his fr side; and, therefore, he might as well reply *v openly and directly to her question. a " From Grayminster. My name is Meroe dith." "Are you a friend of his? Mr Verechoyle I is my brother;" still a little hesitaingly and, as it wore, on the defensive. He raised his hat again. "We wereat Wadh.m together, Miss Verschoyle, and chancing to ie in ,this neighborhood, I thought f wonot look him up for half as hour's talk over ,,ld times." The color car a into her cheeks, and a smile to her beautifnit lips, although both faded too quickly. "1 remember your name now, Mr Meredith. I have often heard my brother speak of you," moving aside for him to e pass through the gate as she added, "If you will come withme I will show you the way." He bowed, passing quickly through to her a side. His indecision had entirely vanished t now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most r desirable thingin theworld. To thinkof Ver t sohoyle not mentioning that he had a sister and such a sister ! "I fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke £o me, Mr Meredith," she said, looking up into his face with a smile, as they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. "The truth is, I was afraid-that is, I thought you were-some ! one else," flushing with the consciousness • that she was saying more than she had meant Sto say. IHe hastened to assure her that it had been | quite evident no discourtesy waq intended; Imentally, the while, congratulating himself ; upon not being " someone else," then quietly Sohanged the subject. L"I have not. seen 'your brother since' we left Oxford, Msiss Versohoyle Your only brother, is he not pr "Yes; and I am his only sister. My mother, Laurence, and I live at the Priory." " Mrs Versehoyle is well, I hope?" with suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. "My mother is not worse, I am' glad to say, than she has been the last five years. She is always an invalid." Had not, Laurence toldhim that much? "Was it anxiety about her mother's health that had brought' that' iook t= her face ?" he was thinking. "I o; it must be somethinsg r eai than.. or at any rate different rous, the kind of trouble which might sprimn fromI such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy,. her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how different an expression from that he had- first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun in them, as she asked : " What kind of place do you imagine the Priory to be, Mr Meredith ?" "Well, one naturally attaches a little medieval romance to the idea of a Priory;" adding, after a moment's reflection-there were certainly no signs of prosperity about her--" and it ougnt to be somowhat dilapi dated, I suppose-in the picturesque stage of decay. It must be diflioult to keen those old places in thorough repair." "Very," she replied, her face ehadowinc. Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on : "l)iffilult, too, as it crumbles-sway, to find s room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir-. looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare your mind, Mr Meredith, when we turn this next bond-There is the Priory !" lHe was prepared now to see some dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which r met his view. The Priory ! That desolate-. looking remnant of a building, standing v forlornly against the summer sky ! Portions h of the walls, some hirh, some low, and all of great thickness, still remained here, indica ting the plan of the old Priory : but at this I distance, even these seemed to form part of the surrounding brickfields. By no effort of the imagination could the inhabited part ot the building be supposed to be the abode of pros-. s porous people. All was desolation and decay. ti without picturesqueness. Even the aspect 1l of the grounds about it, which might once 1 have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen t fortunes of the house. Every acre of the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully fi wooded, had been sold piecemee !- the i, greater part for brick,.elds. On the i !e they t, were approaching there seemed no redeem ing feature in the dismal scene. No ; not y likely to be spscious reception-rooms nor b offices, for an army of ancient retainers I there ! Courtesy itself was dumb ! h "The Verschoyles have not much left to be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invadedby picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; but you see the c worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was a seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins, in an opposite direction from that whence " they were approaching. E "Laurence !"-hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. " A triend to see o YOu."n He turned; seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As he drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor r was, he hastened his steps, his whole face s brightening. " Meredith !" he ejaculated, in a tone of relief. " W\Vhere have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow? Quite well ?" it Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended h towarus him, all the more heartily, perhaps i because it was the hand of Miss Verechoyle' tc brother, as he explained, "I was at the junation, and being so near, thought I would b look 3 ou up." k ' Glad to see you, old fellow. You know I this is my sister?" tl " Yese: Miss Verschoyle was good enough to show me the way." pi She turned to leave them with the words : tc " Dinner will be ready in an hour, Lan- tl rence." Ih " All right !" cc Meredith had time now to notice that there was the satme expression of dread in the brother's face he had seen in the sister's, it but with a difference. In her face it was simply fear; in his it was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at you ip her trouble, his eyes were either 0 downcast or averted; shifting uneasily from ti one object to another. The whole man was d, changed-it seemed demoralized-since Meredith had last seen him. His veryfigure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching aundcowering. " \What bave you been doing with your- se self hoe liisI three years??" asked Meredith. g " Oh, all sorts of things ;'going to the bad, l, chielh. Not much opportunity lor doing that or anything else here, you may think," ' noticing the direction which the other's eyes ce took. "' o;: I have gone farther afield. os Spent two years in London; tried my hand di at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." "'Nonsense, mlan; if you take that tone P' you may be." ti "There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. " Give up in that way,. with your abilities, and the world before you i" " It poems easy enough to }ou, I dare say. ac It did to me before 1 tried. There is no g need for yeaou to put your theories to the test, oryou miglht fild that men ooasionally tail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down, and a1 I'm one of them--that's all " ti "That is not Miss Verachoyle's creed, I think?" it "My sister! She has been telling you about the wretched teaching business, I sup pose? She, at anyrate, is not cursed with ti the family pride. I can't endure to see her cc go about giving lessons to thIe clodhoppers round here. Does no end of drudgery about m the house, too." [TO E COstrLNUED. t 