Christmas Numbers. Full- of Pictures. An advanco copy of the Christmas number of the IUmimtcd London News has reached us from. Messrs. Gordon and.Goteh. There is a distinot improvement visiblo. It is full of illustrations both in black and white and ooloured tints. The ohlef illus tration in the number is a spirited double page pioturo by Fred Barnard, entiled "An Ambuscade," Tho principal story, hy Riid- yard Kipling, tells of a flood incident m the building of a bridgo aoross the Ganges, with on opium sensation ingeniously embodied therein. Tho best of the other storios is ' ' Fleet-footed Hester, ' 'by George GiBsing. W. E. Norris has a good dialogue in'Bix chapters, and Miss Corelli contributes a scene from Roman . nrtistio life; Ah ' advance copy of "Father Cluistmas" for 1893 comes from the same firm. It , abounds with illustrations gravo and gay, and will he very welcome to both young and old. Slack and WJiite Christmas 'number is again notable' for the foot that its illustrations -ore not confined to blook and whito. Several are in colours, and the printing is perfoot of its kind. ' The double page piotnre in the number is a clover drawing by G. G. Monton, and disoloses the trouble in the Idtohen over a broken Christmas pudding. The dcBpaii- and' disappointment in the face of tho mistress and tho distress on the cook's countenance are admirably depicted. Tho best of tho literary contents oro E. Nqsbit-'s pseudo ghost Btoiy,. "Tho "White Lady"; Barry Pain's gruesome tale, " The. Undying Thing"; arid Edoii Phillpott's " Loup Garou." Tho illustrations to each of these are singularly powerful. Tho series of illustrations "The Road to Ruin" are also good. The Graphic Christmas number is specially notahlo for its coloured piotures. Some of thcBe are remarkable examples of the progress whioh has been made in colour minting. One of the best is " The Rival MephlstophoTos, " by Phil May. The coloured illustrations to Bret TT 1 — . -.-.-I;-! ... II A rc wn„l. AAut 4,0 a ajystmiAw UA t» we Woodlands," and to E. Lester Arnold's story, "Tho Vengcanco of Dungarvan," are also worthy of examination. Rev. S. Baring- Gould also eontributes a story. There are several pages of humorous, stories in piotures, aud a double pago of clover coloured piotures illustrating "The Loving Ballad of Lord Bateman." 