MR. STEAD AND SPIRITUALISM. [From our Special Correspondent] London, January 6. 1593. near that Mr. W. T. stead is being warmly pressed to go on to San Francisco after visiting Chicago next summer, and to return home via Australia, Mr. Fitchett strongly urges hia chief to try and arrange this journey, and has promised him a specially warm welcome in Melbourne It the "ssge of Norfolk House" makes up his mind to the tour he will not improbably pay expenses by delivering a lecture or two on " Ghosts" or "Spiritualism"' in yourchief cities. Sir. Stead J is no«" a firm believer in spiritualist pheno- j raena. lie aud Dc Parker hare been j thrilling readers of the Homing with stories of letters which they have written at the dictates of "spirit hands." In the Chri.-tuiM number of the Rcsiem of Bcviact ("Fronithe Old WorldtotheNew"J,inthechap ter entitled " From tbe Other Side," Mr. Stead gives, he tells, us, an account of an experience which absolutely occurred to himseli. The only dinWeiiea is that in tbe story Rose, instead of the editor of the Scvic:o of E-.victrs, writes the spirit letter, and her deceased hus band, and not Mr. Stead's deceased friend, controls her uand. Dr. Parker bulisves so (irmly in the inspiration of disembodied spirits that at the instigation of St. Paul and oth«rr sacred writers he is adding chapters to the Bi'jle. Some of those privileged to hear this Holy Writ up to date have at once " recog nised tho soul and sentiments of Kt. Paul," ■K'hiUi other could see in it only '"good old Parker." Tho great trial to fervent spiritualists of Mr. Stead's sort! must be the frivolity and triviality of most disembodied spirits. The metsagia which mediums, &a;, bring us from our deceased relatives are almost invari ably of a paltry aud absurd character. Your erstwhile visitor, Stuart Cumberland, has aeufibly resolved to burk as far as possible the renaissance of spiritualism. He offers to bet £1,00(1 that the spiritualists cannot show him any phenomena which it will bu out of his mundane power (1) to explain intelligibly to tho satisfaction ot a dispassionate committee, and (2; £o reproduce. Sir. Stead's alleged miracle matter-of-fact peop!o considar especially mischievous because it cannot ba tested. Ho asks us to believe thit whf-n lie sits down with a pen in his baud, and paper before him, aud dpirit voices in bis eats, the p&n; moves over the paper without any volitioi. of his own. Ie is controlled by a spirit band. Bat here are pardons of &n; interview with Mr. Stead ou this queotioD, whieli ho clearly means to " boom ":— But do you really mean to say, Mr. Stead, asked the interviewer, that you know of your own knowledge that the lengthened communi cations referred to in the Itevicu; of Mcricics were absolutely written automatically, without any knowledge on the pars ot" the pbiaon whose haud wrote them 1 I do, for the best of all reasons; because it was my hand that wrote them, and I am will ing to assure you in the most solemn and serious manner that I bad no idea in the world what my hand was going to write when it began to write. Then how did you start off—all of a sudden? Is came about in this way. One of my friends bad been accustomed for some time to <!o automatic writing, and when I was watching tbe process a message was written to mo to the effect that a certain deceased lady wished to use my hand. I said I should be very glad, but it was absolutely impossible foi- my hand to write except consciously, and that, as far ad I knew, I had not a particle oi mi*diumistic power. My own phrase was that I was blind, deaf, and dumb in all psychical matters, and I could neither do automatic handwriting, go into a trance, fee ghosts, or do anything whatever in that Jin?. The automatic handwriting went on to say that I was mistaken ; that if I would put my hand at her disposal for five minutes the could write with it, I siid—" By all means try." but as my hand remained motion less for five niinutes I said it was "no go. n Then came the message, " I had not given her time enough." I said I would i?ive her another live minutes, which I did, with thu same re sult, whereupon I said I would nut go on foiling round any longer as it was quite evident that I had not tbe capacity, and that if there waeauy message to be delivered it mu^t be given to me through some parson who was more gifted in that respect than myself. About a month afterwards the seme person, who was doing the automatic hand writin£ bwfore, wrote another metsage to tha effect that the person who hsd wished to com municate with me was present aud was ia great distress because she wished to speak to me and I would not give her a chancs. I eaid I had given her twn chances and that I co;:ld j not afford to Fit for ever waiting until my hand j moved. The mefsapo came, "Will you give] me nine minutes to-morrow morning bsfom i you beein your work':" I said "Ycs,:'and 1 did,- and to my immense t-urprise my hand slowly, and with great difficulty, wrote out an tlmost illegible message, to which was ap pended the name of the person who bad alleged she wished to communicate with me. That was the beginning of it. Are you quite sure, Mr. Stead, that you had no part in tho matter 'i Cousciously, not in the least. I was ex tremely surprised, because on previous occa sions my hand had ehown no inclination whatever to move. But on this occasion it did move, and wrote very illegibly and very slowly a distinct message. Having once broken the ica I went on and found, as I Eupposo every one elss has found who has been willing to experiment, that the writing varies indefi nitely, sometimes being very clear, and some times almoot indecipherable. But where did tbese things transpire, Mr. Stead '! —ln my own study, at my own desk, at a ta'jio in a restaurant, in a railway carriage, at any time or any place, whenever and wher ever I may give my hand liberty to write for tho invisible intelligence, whatever it may be, that wishes to use it. lSut is there always an invisible intelligence ready to use ics—For the most part "yes;" toiiieiiir.PS "no" Is it always the same intelligence?—By no mean!!. As a rule your hand is moved hy some agency which describes itself as having at one time lived on this earth. But do you believe it?— Never, nnless it (rives proof that it is what it professes to be. That is toeay, if niyhand were to write or state that the Apostle Paul, or Shakespeare, or Socrates was writing, I should believe that it was absolute nonsense, and uhould not let it go on. Dut bow can you get proofs of tbe identity of the intelligence representing itself to be a Hisembodibd spirit?— Well, I can best answer chat by telling you the facts of the story that fibres bo conspicuously in my Christ mas Number, "From the O'd .World to the New." I will not mention the real names, although I have no objection to tell them to you privately. I was staying at a country house in the west of England, when a lady who was present asked me one day, cuch to my surprise, if I knew of any clairvoyant or medium. 1 £aid, "Yes; bus whyi" She said that about six months before she had lost her dearest friend, a lady of great intelligence, whom I had met twice a year or two before. The lady who addressed me said further that while her friend was alive they had long ago promised each otter that whoever died fir?t wrrdd appear to the other if the could. "Now," ehe said, "my friend has appeared to me twice since she died, once very shortly after her decease, and the second time only the other night, in this very house." "What!" I said, are there ghosts about here':" She continued, "I was awakened in the middle of the night—suddenly awakened by tho consciousness of her pre sence at my bedside. I caw her as distinctly as I see you, but I could not bear if she spoke. Then she faded away, and I only saw a light where she had been standing. I can not bear to think that she has come back to see me, and that I cannot hear her voice. I thought that if you knew a trustworthy clairvoyant she might be able to tell me what my friend wants to say. I said, "Very well, when you come back to I will introduce you to Mrs. Dines. But my haad has begun to write a, little. I knew your friend, and if she is about I will see if she wiil writo with my hand." Next morn ing before breakfast, in my bedroom, I took s. pencil in my hand, pnt it upon a sheet of paper, and said, "Now, Miss *"' (naming the person), "if yon have anything to com municate to Miss you can use my hand to say what you want." Tliod, without a moment's hesitation, my hand very tlowly wrote her name and traced three lines of a message, I said then, "This is all very well, but how do I know that this is not merely the unconscious action of my own brain working in some mysterious way ? How do I know that you are what you profess to be? Can you give me a test of your identity ? " My hand wrote "Yes." Then I received the test about Minerva, which was given almost exactly as it is rtated in the chapter "From tho -Other Side "in the Christmas Number of the Rtvicio of Bcv- iews. In fact, from this point the whole of the rest of tbe narrative is an exact transcript of what actually happened, the only difference being that it was my hand, not that of " Rose," that wrote, and that it was controlled, not by Rose's husband, but by the lad}' who had died about tsix or seven months previously in America, All the rest of thu story is quite exact, the names being altered, and the places also, so as not to reveal the identity of tue persons concerned. . But, Mr. Stead, are you going to have this thing proved?— Certainly. 1 have already seen Professor Sidgwiok and Mr. W. iL Myers, leading members of the Psychical Research Society. I have submitted to them in outline the story that I have told you, and I am preparing a paper embodying all the facts with the vouchers and formal evidence. I am quite sure that when you have all the fact* before you yon will come to the same conclusion that I have done, viz., that there is no escaping from the conclusion that the dis embodied spirit of my irie&d; does write with my hand. Then axe you a Spiritualist Mr. Stead t— Only in the sense in which every person who accepts the Bible is a Spiritualist. I am simply an investigator. I am perfectly open to conviction, bat I am also ready to recognise facts, and I hope I am at least free from that superstition of unbelief which is really _ much more dense and crass than the old kind of superstition against which it makes war. Then is that your last word, Mr. Stead ? For the present my last word is tbis,_that before many months are over I think it will be admitted by every candid mind that the per sistence of the individual after death and the possibility of communicating with that in dividual lias been as well established on a scientific basis as any other fact in nature. That yon may think is a bold assertion. It is uoo an assertion. It is a prophecy, based upon facts which are within my own know ledge, and of which I speak with as mnch con fidence as I do of anything which has ever come within my own personal observation. 