f OUR tWELBOSlftNE tETTER. jCrtOU OtrHOWK JtioEBESl'OirDEKT.) . ', ':.- , -. .:,?'. - AT/QDST 17. :. Hr Patterson U vjavirg *(i flig^-Sfr Deakln aa; B be carrieB one— ^and encouraging bis follower! en to the tray with the battle ory of 'Berrenerimcntt' and Ihe followers are vH'hiBg their chief would atop his bellow Ing anafekeliUreaVevan if he would not return to- cover at occe; They l*ok back longingly on the pleaiant pthe of the boom year, and the broad road -that led everybody to dectrucSon; and they meditate on the wisdom of choosing £800 a year and tho narrow track, where (hoy conld cot bave any fun. Mr PattrrBOn end hli familiar, ?' Betrenchmentj' were tolerable at firs', «ben Ikey ftlruck'at bne'a AnDmieB; ; lift now that ens'a own lith and kin are affected, 'I Rrttrf-nrhntpht.11 hUMinrN a Jnntnvi.lil ntlifance. And they cn'nnot quell the epirit they liave rtlEed. Contrf(uelitly ' Botrtncli mont' da. inn&ing; amok through tho land. Ho has Ihc vcrV pick cf everything, and everylo Iv bowa the knee to him. Vet ha only wax;B the stronger / i oM fliio Eu^mis slon. Formorlj fce web the familiar spirit, and Mr P:ltcf eoa his ke.per. The puBiiiona ?ro sow reversed. The Premier iB the ghost Retrenchment ie the master of the situation, andBl;r.s hta 'check ' with a capital lelteraad a full stop, Bntasitlfinotallgoldtbatglithirs, -o it is not all bonfB that the ghost r-tUes. One gentleman who has b?cn ' retrenched,' owing to hit having reached the age of 60, had a sahwy of £600 a year. He wao asked to retire on a pension of £400 a vcar, and eo he did. Bis tutatitute has rom appointed at a B-lary of £400, which RaLes £800 to be psid for tho woik orlgtnsJly coBling £GQO. gentleman who ie receiving this comfortable .ension is a well-known literary mm There was nothing offering In the way of lucrative inducement to. hia fon in Mcl bournet «t- he took a trip to tSydney, and fixed np e eorresponrTeno; nnd flmtlmrwork for £160 per nnnnm f rcm -one ti the dailies. Be now h«» all his time to himself, almosttE much income aB before, and nothing to worry him. Naturally, he Ie cheerful. The TilUge Settlement Bill, which got throuBjli laBt night, gave Mr Pitferson a cbunce to Bhow what good acnee he really baa, . Bevur&l; members crc Btrongiy of opinion thai auriferous land should lie re served by the Crown, but the Premii r de clares thst mere n*,oney Las como 1 /om croj b on the surface cf the goldfie-ld thsn from tl.c retfn below. Be ie, then fore, in favor of a wholesale throwing open of the Ian ; but his colleagncB and adherc&ta; are too atronR for him yet awhiJe. It Ib an awf nl thirg to be 60 years of age ! Just think of the com equencei. If i on ore in a Government billet some little' bird, a miiebfef.ffiBkiiig little thing, that would rto much betttr to mind its own rest, notifies the advent of the fatal i irthday. Then j ou Icec yonr position, and have to pack cp'lLo Lares and Tcnatcs of your villi retii:er.eo. and go and live in a jorrj-bcilt house that voa get cheap in a land-boom sabuib. Thin is the petition in which many a sexage narian nnda himself now in Mclbouine. One of them, witu wliu was a poetical turn in dbjB gone by, bnt which tho blight of misfortune lias turned lo dtiril. has wri'ten en 'ode' on the 'Ba-?neia of Sixty,' which 11 r MtrehMl Ball iB BtttiDg to music I] ere it is:— Ab I woe is me, and lack-a-dt.; I I wkk, with m»n- Esplntt.r, T1ir(,I.B.P. at d all lie crew Were rol.ins iu the gutter. Tlmv tottid up our birthday d&tea;— Ti c d, i, s w. held eo di-avli — Hut cuHe'I [-11-jt — curte this futiB I And we grew elder icaily. If I'd licen c-nlr ncei (o Ibint, I migbt he emiit Knd 'rorti-,' I'd wii;c the cV.d in inagic ink And ja6t tdmil to f .Tty. Tbo mt.n of manv hopes and fears, The teir of nlf the ages ; And cuibj toy li.ek'of WigeB, Afl lu itiEtaucc of the prevailing impc cuniositj, I give tho sttttnuat of a leading merchant rf this city, and n member of a Ch-.m'i:i.r of Oomnierce1. ' lial time a ? tcb very. It. the Ksl.iWtion ;wr and the ytar Bfttr, 1 miicie prolii -o it.n -stcnt of JC5CU0 iu eix niomiis. ThiB hut I've mide iust £220. Yea, times Ere bail!' The nnival of a national celebrity ? no left than L. L. Smith— Lolds Its due sb'-re ting all toils of cnpcrB in London. Wh' ther he resllr srood on a chair and cYb anded that ever' ono rhoaH look et Lie hat Man AuBtralitn-made article-, or whether he pre sented his fcoota to the Biiijph HuB^.um for the same reaeou need tot 1;b discussed hero But one tl'irg he. did, ard tbat wao to tee that the Victorian court m the Imperial lcstilute had a catalogue. Kor was LL content until tbst catalogue was Fafe in the PliDce ot Wales' band. Then he did not rest until hia little daughter hn-- pro-ntcd a basket of flowers to Boyalty— all of course on behalf of the colony. The little daughter in question is rally a nicely, behaved chtla, with large blue eves and quantities cf pale gc.Id hair. Slice the da; s of the land boom tbe poor wee mite was dragged abent everywhere anu to everything in Melbourne, and the wonder is th-.t ihe eurvived. Wben the H-geiav.'ent down the bs.T to welccme Ihe Aunlwry Squadron, L L. Bmith and his btlongirp) were on botrd, inclcdirg, cf course, the little daughter. Sots-He was there, too, and as the child stumbled over a chair be picked hemp ' 1 (ay,' relied ths actor, 'whatd've wast to Ins cbiMrcn to things like this for!' ' Eh I' retorted LL, 'well, I believe in taking her ever where and letting her ace cverj thing— it njiuht be the only chance Bhe'd Ket I' 'Let her tumble overboard at once,' advised S.iaMllo, ' it n;lf lit bo the only chance sie'd pet I' A rumor bas get into tho Lir— after the manner of inmorB— that wo arc Eoino to lone, our editor of the ArSv, Mr F. W Iladdon. One d.-cpn't hinkir aftr rcvoln tions, nnd this will be one with n vr-DgmtiCT, for Mr H^ddon haB cHi!nd ftc ^'i. for overy a quarter of a century. Ro knows all itB little wpvr, and ilB c-nrtitniion ht' watched it frow up, attain :ts iraj vit., snd Ertout oa life.'B lusslc with half a 'do*™ nvulB. And jet it he!.? supremacy— throne him. TI:I. talk about Mb 'going' hps brought batk to memory the fact th't 80 yearB apo he was the private Bccrctarv to Mr Edward Wileon, the great polities economist. Mr Wilson diBcemed tho yonne racnBHlirtry gifts, i-nd I-rophcsied e. future. ThiB hhB come trie, but it does not aUcr th» fact of bis going. Bnmor is alio repnon siblnJor tho tls-.lr.n-an- thit he hit been offered Br; important position by a Lon-'on daily. ThiB is not so -K-onecrful. as half th» editors in London are rcd'-it-ol to b-. ?'rittinsup' over Batrndav's j)r,««-'the' moBt wndeifu 1 nc-sparer penn'orth in tho S'onr.tr''0 '° ?lh° A=BttIiUan Ter' Ar;m. ta^lbfof So'oOO°oSr,T-inB^ add'el on toitscircul'tion fine! Ihc ici'nc'irnin T--ice,hap reduced t!;i! nMnrics of the staff It) psr c°nt Lailj- Clarr— lhi.t is vur Ii:dv Clare (ah I Amjj-has.trair? bibbed Ui, BClenelv tblp tiuie in the I«r.lver.ey Court, where the has f lrt' lb«»3l'!« W«torj of hfr tff.ir.. An a !»at!rr e-f iact nr,bo'- uriic,-Ftand» nou'tl;',?,rcl!i;'£'fOv^r1'°t'tESR i5& 't'V'':' a too cciufi':iij£ disposilioa ? ' Her msnnere iHck tbat calru rer-oto Which Btnmp6 the c^Ble of Vere de Vere.' r^lvf-r ^''''i 1:ad tb° !'W- of a Parker nccordinKlYheb..! ciivorcsi hL.r. e0 ncw sue boldB the unique position of bring tbe ?w 1°™'' mu Au5l'rRl'a who Iiib hen tlirough every branch of the law coorlf— E,°»™» Cri'T?11 r°Untr- filBt civil. '»? BOiveupy, ana nivnrce. new'' Sp'gbt ^Be-forHeth day— look a demanded ?Ut slf life Cg rSlrti^t book-keeping in the locomotive branch fiX ta --r1illght ta, *?*? «'rt- Accord ''Sr1 h**T Dnfff awoke to his rrapoMibilitics, and managed to do without K!ifJ;ir'. B' Bren^e pale and I sun after 3Z2TZ ^pf^VoL1? fe hlnuelf. ' Accept the goods the gods pro vide ' is the General qpl&ioiiimisd; a pleaaant trip in the sunpbine and the open air ii nuch more congenial than* the atmnspbere of Ibe -law courts. Altogether the Spelebt ?oselsnotMbadciit loo-ke. . Vadame Antoinette Sterling has teen making a fool rf herself. Bhe rtBanWea that it Is her mission to«Ievabe humanity, and, without pausing to think which lathe best method of setting to work, fills tooth and nail on a vory nasty subject— the Social Parity question. Her outburst last Sunday at tbe Alexandra Theatre, wbere 'apleasunt Eabbath atterncon' wsj being; spent, hi a amuacd moat pebple and disguBted a few. It basnade themtalkj too, Which is just what the astute American wanted. Bhe bas now notified she unit epsak on that subject again, and, to show horn little, she tares for the papers, she intenda to tear up tae offending Dnblications and burn them, She will not Biug~to bad men, and propoeea to chain them nn. The viciouB-minded of -the other sex Me to be immolated, end flhehenolf dEdares that Bhe would willingly lay down her life If tbat eollon would do any gocd. Untor tutately it would net, hut tbcre could he no harm in trying. People make a mistake, however, in thinking Msdoreo Sterling re acrved her tour deforce for tbe 'pleasant Sunday afternoon.' Bhe bas a crace for talking on this unsavory topic at all limes and eeaeonB. I heard her st&u; off lately at an afternoon tea before a mixed assemblage, and the v.-orot cf it is that when once eke gets ataited nothing on earth can get her to learo off- except the gradual, nropping off of her listeners for she can scarcely go on talking to tteraeU, Stories of Ur Kdward Terry are beginning to circulate ju&t; aB thev did abont Toole and Sirah Ber. hardt Last wrek Terr? was lnncbing with some relatives be has in Hawthorn. His neighbor wan a bright-eyed Auckland girl, with a grsat cipacitr for humor, and a peTxhant for wrilicg for tbe American magazines Terry, iu the course of converaation, alluded to his celebrated lecture on 'Oburch and stage.' Said he— '? There I w«a on tbo platform surrounded by five Bishops ! two Archblsbops satin tbc first row of the audience, and Ftanding dose by were a group ot clergyman and ? ' 'Gracious !' f x;Jaimed bis lacy friend in a horrified whisper, 'And did sou ffct your umbrella backf Terry silently regarded her through bis pincc'titz for a Eoz&FBt; or two, and then replied with sn immovable face, ' I didn't, take one vlth me 1' 