" SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -* THIS WEEK'S FIXTURES. MONDAY -Epsom entries Bacchus Marsh entries A-T O entries forfeits for A J C December Stakes, Bendigo Jockey Club acceptances Ascot races, Fitzroy entries TUESDAY Aspendale park races I Hares, weights Ascot entries , M nos»,*)AI -Bendigo Jockey Club meeting (first ila J) Fourro) races Sherwood park entries TiiunaoAV -Bei ditto Jockey) Club nicotine (second day) Ascot race) Sherwood- park i eights FRIDAY Ballarat Turf Club meeting. (first day) Kyneton weeklies I win weights Sherwood park races weekly meeting, Melbourne Gun Club SATURDAY Ballarat. Turf Club meeting (second day; Rid mond races Bacchus Marsh Adeline Mrs Four no Bicycle Club spot to Continuation of Pennant Cricket Match is -A IJIvIaioo-haat Melbourne v. North Melbourne e at East Melbourne Fitzroy v Melbourne- at Warehousemen's ground South Melbourne v Carlton at South Melbourne n Division -Missenden r Lniterslt) at Essendon Hlcliuioiid v Port Melbourne at Port Melbourne St Kilda v Williamstown. at Williamstown Boyle and Scotts matches Sports Depot n duties. soon rise ISOIFS 'The VR C committee will meet this afternoon The announcement contained in 'The Argus on Saturday that a bill prohibiting the price tice of bookmaking has been introduced into the New South Wales 1 legislature caused a mild 1 aeiiButlon in the ranks of the Melbourne metallicians In Adelaide public betting lies ahead-, been suppressed and the supposition naturally presented itself whether. action in a shoulder direction might not be attempted here In any event the passing of the hill in New South Wales would cause an influx of bool milkers to Melbourne to state of affairs which on the principle that competition lower prices would cause backers no particular anxiety, but would scarcely be regarded 03 in an mixed blessing by local metallicians who complain that business is ahead) too much cut up he anxiety which comes in con nee tion with the latest menace to their proa spent), together with the danger which is looming ahead in the shape of the totalisator, induces reflection as to whether the bookmaker's lot is to bean happy in the future as it has been in the pretty barmaid who recently visited Melbourne started favourite for the Moorefield Hurdle Race on Saturday but could get no nearer than third llievviimirAckb.it is a son. of the lesser horse imported to New South Wales by Mr Baldwin in 1877 Aokbiir has only lately taken to her The racing and he is shaping very well at the same Mr John Munday advertises a sale of oil paintings it Mujgcrs Victoria Hotel, Bourke street to du) til rpm The pictures are by Mr. Fred W oodhousc senior, and include several sporting-, subjects In connection with the Moonee Valley meeting to he held on December 12 the secretary notifies that the Welter Handicap will be five furlongs and a Quarter instead of trying furlongs and threequarters hotels will be a race over the latter distance but it will be an ordinary weight while lie in The state of the Handicap Steeplechase has also been increased from 10sovs To GO HOME A special train will have Melbourne at 810 am on W ediles Iii) in connection with the Bendigo Jockey Club meet the), holiday excursion fares will be charged and the tick ers will be available for return until Saturday evening Two of the leading country) racing institutions will hold their spring fixtures this week, the lyddite Jockey) Club In tug in possession on Wednesday, and Thursday and the Ballarat Turf Club of Friday) and Saturday 1 Though the entries were not so large this year is expected both fixtures should turn out successfully) and will doubtless lx well patron ised by motion political meeting, at once He only met tings in Melbourne on the four boys named will be curiously red ones the Handicap Steeplechase at Wyndham on Saturday moved a good thing for London on whom odds of li to 8 were Pretty find Backers began well at Wyndham on Saturday b) supporting Euroa for the Ina! Still as the son of orders winning, with a little to spare from Sunday who but for getting ball) away await have turned I felt tables There appeared to be something suspicions about the long odds offered against right for the Selling Hurdle 1 race at a yndlinro on Saturday but nevertheless she won all the way. The winner was objected to on the ground that she had run out an unregistered meeting but the protest was dismissed The Welter Handicap at Wyndham on Saturday or lucid in close race told, Garnet and Dioeents were the horses most fancied , but till, we winner turned up by Comrade who started at 6 to 4 The Sprint. Handicap at W J Pridham on Saturday) resulted in a genuine surprise I he substantial odds of 5 to 2 were laid on a cvodlatids but he could get no nearer than third to Orator and around Ileus Orator and fed at first but in some instances up) to 6 was laid against the winner who had previously turn now here in the Welter Handicap The following scratchings have taken place in connection with the Bendigo Jockey club's lucia - foot-plate Mr 1 again mentality Word comes from Adelaide that Hur reinstates which filled while the son of Silver was in Mel bourne in all right 04,11111 1 1 russian who has been appointed trainer to Mr S Hordern is the trainer of Te weller Shamrock and other horses which will now probably go into other hands To urn shaw will up (to en a splendid opportunity of show me his claim), as Mr Hindi m possesses a fine string of horses including Dublin Len non Colossus Merry Bells Milenta Collet star 1 Maneje Catapult Vc and 1 Ernshaw will also probably have some young, Norden ft Ulta to get ready for next season "I am shaw trained fat Hlai7cwhin the son of St Albans pulled off the double railway Hand cap and! Jim ' can Stakes at the V R C. Spring Meeting in 1861 Mr James I am of Adelaide intends to visit W Stein Australia next month, when he will be repres used in the Perth Cup by the Imp 1 Hodgkins will (go out in salaries of those who also to join in the N West Australian Derby J. be well known Musket horse, Escutcheon who run so unluckily in Victoria turn out some pretty fair stock in New Zealand by farmers in colt by him winning, the, rates last season One of the latest horses by 1 scutcheon to win is Danner who pulled off a double M rules Rule and Short's Handicap J the Wellington meeting. on NovetnUerlT the principal event at the feature was the Hutt park Huiuhuip of 150 sons , one mile and a quarter, the winner being Dreamland a half sister (by C illegal) to Day Dream who has been doing so well III Ill;, Fund The New Zealand Cup winner, Hose ft wide and Krui t in a dead heat for spoon 1 place He Hurdle Race went to Waterbury who is by Captain V\tbba site Natator Mr W Allen has now at his sanctum at Kirk's Bazaar, the shoulder bone of Coin motion who died in Gippsland a few weeks ago Commotion it will be re me where I fell and broke his shoulder in the V R C Bagot Handicap His fracture it is now seen healed in a most pt cut me with), the joint became notched a thick layer of bone grieving,? all around it Mr Allen. exhibit forms a rather grim mt mento of the departed hero The results of the third day's racing in connection with the Canterbury (N S) locks) Club's Spring Meeting are now to hand Mr 0 0 steal a Ich Dien (be felt Cloete) who took part in the AJC Spring Meeting" in Sydney) and subsequently ran second to Koscfeldt in the New Zealand Cup won the Oaks easily from Jlusyhod) and persuasion The Canterbury Cup, van two miles and a quarter the result of which was reporK d by cable attracted four contestants and Mr J li lteidalrobkirnjialier he \nn¡--utird from Ould J team, won by a It in th from Prime Warden and Pegasus with Clanranald lost the journey having occupied -tulle Misses Major 11s Stories by The Workman by Robinson Crus ii from the Mine with But 8lb inthestiddh was succcessful tourist nine others in the Jockey Club Handicap one mile covered in fruit 'favorite and he also won the Iron no Plate four furlongs from four others in 19sec Mr D ltutheilorda eli theories by) Ascot from 1 camp with Ust up, ran a dead heat in the Curragh Stee elective Handicap three rinks with Mr W Douglass cb g Water bur), by Nutator from brisbane last 811 and the owners agreed to divide the stake The race occupied bonn 35sec Tattersall's Plate. six furlongs fell to Mr ! Ijaucjilinsch gKolhamsted h) Gollan from Uippona 7st lSIb whodtlcated 11 others in Inun losses The reunion was brought to a close with the 1 drewell Handicap one mile which was appropriated) Mr S Brown's b h War reunions, by Gordon from Mountain Lily 8st 7lb who got home from eight others in turn -14sec Owners leaving-, two year olds in the A J C. POLICE I beg Stakes i n) de are out for a sovereign be pale dm Theatre eral guinea for the meetings close of the same occasion I urllcuUrs are as follow - fast Da) (statistics ) December 23) Hurdle Race a ball Heap of ' MI S read with AWU SOVS added about two i Us Millers have a handicap of 4 sons each 11th often s added BY of not -28 Tr al Dukes of 0 sons each with VI was added o c Hilo "till it sale of "OU sons one it No Mt Manilla of a new, lead with 6-0 soon be added or little and a quarter Second Ua) (Tuesday Dec i hear 2U)-Cbllslliia8 Hal a cat of keys. (and a His -At 60 v. added one mile, N ifCty lUtidkai of the above. earl with 00 soda added (orUojearolils five furlongs State Eclipse officers call it to Sovs added about two miles and a half To ) an old I late of co hors half a mile Welter line clear of miners read with tiQsois. and ted seven it (is ...., Mr OcoitcMaioerwIlliccclioettilestodflv at the Victoria Hotel Bourke street for the Epsom n black g Club owed it to tie 1 held on Tue day) December, r The general i c arranged by as follow B -TrW Hand cap of a. son for horses that have never received more than) jOaoie from an) one Race five furlongs, Welter Handicap di 2., SOVS seven furlongs Uaudi lap Hurdle Race, of 60 boys, one mile and a bait, I Epsom Handicap of ru sols tile furlong and a quarter million place of 80 sons seven I various, Mordialloc Handicap of 0 says one mile Moree Mt In Um handicap events of the Bendigo Joel of Club nicely, after 4 p m to-day will be a ~ sidered acceptors -terminations for the Bacchus Marsh meet me. to be held on It uralla December 7 will close to-day at Haydon ? racecourse Agent-. Bourke-street or 3 lb Mr O A Benje the ban secretary at Bacchus Marsh The programme. arranged is as follows - trial Stakes, of 15 tons for 1 horses that have never received more than those in any one race four furlong Hurdle Race of H boys, one mile and a half Bowhill Handicap of 50 boys about one n Hi Sell till, I had Ila c of IU sovs about four furlongs and a half Once more Handicap of a sovs., about four furlongs and has dicap Trot of 40 boys two in Ul- and a half An auction sale of racing ponies etc will be held as the Hunt Club I five-, one d Saleyards Little Collins street This man tug at 11 o'clock Entries close this evening at the Hunt Club Lil ory StaUVs Little Collins street for the Fitzroy pony and galloway races to be held in it Wednesday The programme is a valid one for horses and ponies turf embraces a handicap flat race for horses over four furlongs and pony events of the following heights -11 me if I am 12.1 on U.S. a n and 21 to 174 selling race the Ascot races take place to-day The events Arranged comprise -Colac Cup and Purse for 13 r a n ponies the Ascot Handicap for horses the Hobart Handicap for galloways the Heidelberg Handicap, for Hall. and a Disposal Hurdle Race for horses The Martini, machine A which has been eulogised by many leading racing men of this and other colonies will be used for each race -ASCOT RACES To be RUN TO D T. (MONDAY, 27th NOVEMBER) striNG summer (HORSES) One mile and a-quarter (To start, at half past 2 ) it. lb Lee 10 S Paddy man a 1- I future COI -0 UP AND 1 tlttSfc (10 2 A I ) tom furiously. st lb Shield S 8 Ivan -Marchioness Leah iron _EIDUBEKO HANDICAP (14.0 . V ) Five furlongs. at lb I still Claptrap 9 4 flicker 0 . ItronzcHiu.' 8 1 Quory 8 it Hinemoa 8.0 Grasshopper 7 9 HOBART n DICAP (14 2 A b ) Ino furlongs. st. lb Euston 9 4 Dignity 7.10 Miss Meriki 7 9 I ethic 7 0 Camp 7 D ASCOT HANDICAP (HOUSES) Five furlongs st lb Shield 8 S Ivan 8 4 Marchioness 8 S I call 7-12 dairy IL 7 12 COUe PDIISI. (13 2 A U ), Seven furlongs, st lb Alarm 8 In an Anchorite The Barb Jones Daisy Jangler , Legacy Miss Selkirk, -army Bet Aucborlte importance 7 0 Decorum I hpollvPUw 7 O Jiuiiucnce 0 11 Ball. V 1» Baroness (J 7 Melton d The Shires Fusion Marchioness (late Police) trains leave Spencer street for Aov market and Ascotvale as follows -1 66 1 TO 2 to 2 40,10 oil. 50 1 answer-- return, 5d second return 4d WYNDHAM RACES /.SAILUDAV, NOV getting weather favoured thcWjndhura fixture, but there was only a small number for spectators to witness the sport, which did not create inch interest, Details - -MAL bl RV., Of OpeY For horses that had shot when an officer Used stake of more than J sons, speed weights. Five furlongs I (hardness br Euroa, by Oudclb-Ari-tcrla 3 or. Ûl.(Shrlmplon) t GrilHthssbru-Sunrai I was 70(lb) T Glttingss ch g Lord of the fires in, OR carried 7.10 (Dawes) The other starters were Minerva a yrs 7 (Chuko). Guide, 2 yrs, "t (Kelly) Melantiilus ra (J13(Lc»is) Hasty, 2yrs (J C (Thompson) Better), -beef Euroa 7 to 4 ast Italy 8 to 1 east Guide 10 lo I must Human * Guide led along, the back closely followed by Lord of the Isles and Euroa. The (results Coondle lead entering the straight and on be half a length three quat til-of a length between second and third Cluniac ran fourth Hasty next and Minerva last, Time, 1min 5sec BEtUSO HANDICAP HURDLE n Ck, 01 DO sort. About one mile and a half S Jacobs s br m I right by Claim, aged 100 in cluding 7lb. penalty (Pearson) J seems the little seed 9"(I'aiker) H V C isswollei's b - Lynnette 12.00 dire), The other starter was Henry Moss aged 10-12 (tallon; chestnut - li to 4 aged Merry Xmas 8 To 1 each agst Ci ry and I rette 7 to 1 (at first 2 to 1) agstrrieht 1 right music nearly all the running- and won by six lengths a bad third Time smile I see A protect on the ground that the winner had run at an unregistered meeting has dismissed the winner was. sold to Mr J Beamish for to VVLt/lXIl HANDICAP, Of 35 sovs, second G sons Seven furlongs, 1- Par ton H br . Comrade by Sunrise hai id Hess -Mrs 8 lO(Cal)i-) W Coii_tiliii_boGainct(latcGoMtop; 4yrs SU (watery F Campbell's br m Lady Crusoe, 5 yrs 810 (Capel) The other starters were Diogenes I yrs 810 (( traveller) Mikado fired a 7 (A Campbell) No. 0 } rs 811 (Kumve) bed you, are 1, 8 11 (Sanders! be Julian It! is 10 carrie Bill (Orchard) laid of the Isles . yrs 6 7 (Gittins), Orator Jil-, 64 (1 ulerMin). Betting 2 to I also -sold 7 to 2 each apt Diogenes and Garnet of a 1 Comrade, 10 to each ass 1 other trustee and Mr Julian Diogenes and Birkalla nude Joint 1 unions -on; the 1 eek au aided by Note Bond Shetland land Crusoe and Garnet Johnes the leaders and (comrade He rose up in the -fruitful. Diogenes Nola and Mikulo retired and Comrade I am easily by half a hired a length and a quarter buyers seemed 1 and rain! Dloneues Mikado and SeaSon, use in a 1 unch mild- with by Julian Last. Time, 1min laste HANDICAP HT__r-E0__SK, OCOflois second 10 ama About two miles. J s Cdfreu br or 11 to Blondin by Salisbury - CkxiuUtc myra 11 12 (winner) 1 J Gardiner's b " Rob Roy aged 12.0 (Harbour) O Unv s cb g, Receipt and 10"(Ua«_i) Uotlliu -U to S on Blondes 5 to - east Recruit 0 to 1 east Bob Iles Uecrull made the running for a mile, when he gave way to London who di- aiviiiKanay from Rob Roy the straight won easily by a length, a bad third Time -lulu back itrxiNO HANDICAP, Of 60 Sovs Six furlongs li Malta b in hold, by Paris-street, 5 yrs 84 (ltaiuaBev 1 I' Iu.Mdrin-icllniI.adi Grade 6yrs ""(Moore) A llaveasehf My rh}n,4,vm 710(KelIj) t The other stars no Cabin la Lyra 3 4 (Masel) left i / 2 to 1 on 'vote, 5 to 1 latest Calabria 10 to Phar Ivvo Nola led throughout and won by six l-)ii,U_ two lengths between second and third. Time, I min 21-- The winner was bought in for 3-21. RUING HANDICAP, Of 60 Sovs, second 10 sons One mile 1 Beamish s cb " Orator (late The Orator bue Otago) by 1 render Rossi aged 6.7 (Thom] son) F A Hyashi m Brown who died 7 O'Kelly) 2 A. O Kdwaidasbr or by K VtooiUiuthi it is S.S Including. 7lb penalty (1 Iper) 5 The other starters were-Carlton Cook Ivis at (Moore) Sea Song need 0 12, carried 7 1 (Kin;,), Line -is 0 10 (Hindustan). Bellin, -a to 2 on Woodland 0 to 1 east Euroa 8 to 1 -j, st Brown Bess 2- to 1 airst Orator Captain Cook not the best of the start and led along Chs best followed by Beau Son, and Woodlands Round the bend shown Bess and Euroa J lined Up late Cook w o dropped onion eutotuJ!rt_icsu_i_lit home Woodlands ran to the front but inside the distance he was hurtled fired by Orator who disposes!, of him without an effort won by two females from Brown Bet. believe the favourite a length Sea Some; ran fourth Euroa next and Captain too-last. Time, June 4ÜJM!C, j MOOKLIILLD HACKS. j SYDNEY, SAnnAT I he Moorefield Xovemljcrmeetin« was held to-day in 1 centrally fine weather r The coursing in good order and there was a fair attendance The sport passed off without accident Results HURDLE less a handicap of CO says. About two miles -Ackbar b) The Iwter Ovis, 11 3(Ub)_) 1 Kisslnsr Cut a yrs 11 0 (laundries) . Barzaii 0 Mrs, H D (Mull) I. Ten started Betting 3 to 4 last shares 4 to 1 9st 1- first Lord 0 To 1 spell first Ackbar and Rivers. Cup 7 to 4 at Amulet 10 to 1 -¡,¡,1. others Ackbar led all Um MJ, and won by a length and a half two lengths between second and the lid Time -i in Cases firstly HaMilcAr ofUOsois Six furlongs and CO yards - Bendigo by Newbold-!_-_., Italdvln raced 8,4 (Moran) 1 Uli June 7 1 (Smith) 2, (.ucensbo- ou-h 4 yrs 7 9 (formerly) a seven started BuUn. -- to 1 each a 81 lies digo and Miles Standish Oto beach east Queensborough and high. Our "to each salt sailing rail Clarke b to 1 First MI \ Won by two lengths a similar distance between second and third Time, 1min 20sec houACAH SeEks A handicap of 50 sovs furlongs and 20 }OK_J.- Berlin by Sir Oliver fuchsia firs t ^(Virriekcr) 1. Lady Pirrie aged "4 (McFarlane) 2 Mercury in an (Look) That ever started Betting. 2 to 2 each best Bouquet and Mrs each 6 to aust Here the (o 1 agst (Jinker 10 to 1 airst An arrow aaJ Barney won by Ino I rides a neck between second and third Time, June 13th MooiKiiMin lliNuiu of 60 sons second lOsers One mile and a quarter Sam Weller by Anteros Ilhec-Doflbult 3yrs "0(B HillcrXl Shamra It, need 3.4 (Duedule) _ 1 lost Flat aged 8.7 (U Cook) I til t started BUtln- I to ketch coast Ben late of d Shamrocks 4 to 1 says Sam Weller, " to 1 each list Kosstellan, Mrs- Orr and Merdea!, 10 to 1 artist I idle Heinke and Fleur de 119 Win by link four Iel girls I eileen seconds and three. Time, "the Place Anvil N STAttrs of "0 sons. Six fuilon.a.-Ilma bl Gillie Dorsi 0 was 000 (in Tierney) 1 Creeper argue 0 10 (11 Helder) - Shelbrooke died " j( M Carthy) J Seven started Betting- - i to 1 legal formality if to 2 (at first 6 to 4) use Nh a, 0 to 1 as the a 8 to 1 aged Creeper and Sherbrooke won by half a length the same distance between second and iii id lune limit house The winner was bought In for A Mrs was claimed and was also be i(,ht In for 37 HrnwAiiDh Mil-: a handicap of 60 aova-biiikora, b) Cheviot(\\_>-Heroino aged 010(B Fields) 1 Bull 3 yrs 8 McCook) 2 Bouquet 4 yrs 8 J calm 38 (Selth.) - fourteen started Leger- 3 to I next Kinkora " to 1 aust Br K flight 8 to 1 co i aunt Itosstcllan loan Escort a id Billy 50 to I sweet oil ors Won by three month s half a length bet even seco d and third Xi c turn -KJ'sn MILROY RACES These races took place can baturLi) He suite - HAMICAI Ilmpis UACI (POMS.) 14 I and 14" 2 au Is. Mile t no secret IO J (O Bourke) 1 TI of River 10.10 (Moon e) 1 .. Zai spa, 11 u (Peters) " No others started. Won by three worth of a Iel eth about six Iel gets Let con seco d and third THE de la, Coste. low HANDICAP LCSO.U Ino forlorn Cormie 7(B look) 1 General s 10 (11 Clerks) are 01 O Brien), o Queenie, Venus Houlcr Jol e Little Bill) and A y Oso ral Worby three he saw a length but on second and third flint little lOJsce Miss IHNDICVI liu (Horses) Ino li Iles -Path li der date start (Mart i ), 1 Mario M 21sec (M Lean) Notts 8sec (M Donald) 1 Binder and I stated also ran Mo b three yards 100 yards between. second and third. The mile tossed I A u Pour IlA.SDi-.Ar To see -furlong -2. -I see Rosa 7 (0 Brief ) 1 Solway (I 0 (Brooks) PM 1 ice Charley 0 76- Clarke) J Htct felt) little Nell Sa e j a 1 Hap) by Jack also ran VV on by a Del Rio a i eel bet you a second a id I Ird TI ue 4 sec II 3 AND 4 UAIUS I oil UAIDICAI three button t -ItlU Sr (II late) 1 For) 0 60 Clarke) I solicit 1! fitted as) 1 lies) too Do now McIldowie Violet Cora 1 soda and libby also ran Won by tbreeiiarisofale Uli half a lei jib Ixl v ere second and third Time 4 (kee SKI no love RACE. 1 and 1" S Jun Is four furlongs Queenie's (Omi -n o) 1 Co the 8 (B look) Anchorite 8.11 (I overs) J Souter Johnny also ran Won by) two lengths a length! between second 1 at d trial To be O see The v i veritas baunhtlnfor-.tu CRICK] I IsOll a ON bYiCl.l*V> S NAME S l!v OusMtM-ti The East Melbourne Cricket round was flooded again on Saturday-this tune by the tears of the sufFering, Johmonters and their 8) moralises But the suffering JohmonteiB wore a mere minority by comparison with the joyous Northerners whose about B late in the afternoon made residents round about the ground forget that the football season died two months ago and that in the interim they had not backed Tarcoola for the Melbourne Cup Freebody who was anybody in North Melbourne had come down to see the funeral and indeed when the procession of test batsmen set in late in the day it looked like a funeral even ' old Mues amiable "York shire terrier dropping his tail to half mast as the first eleven went in and out the major of "North- Melbourne Councillor Gardiner did not bring down his robes of office or his Calling rod but were instead-that ample smile that footballers remember in days of old when Hotham happened to be winning or rival ruck men I turned their finger millson Tigers leather did shoulders And what of that other lone fisherman Hill Gag the Hittite' lake Eugene Aram He rat remote from all A a elan 1 oil i au And the feelings of still another retired one Horan-might I am sure have been expressed in another bit from Hood Oh but for one sweet horn To feel as I use 1 to reel With a not out in his at luncheon time it is the 1 indeed that cost a meal Alas' he who would write a song of 'Tommy shirt now must dwell upon a certain shrinkage about the collar set in ever increasing tension at the waist 1 is tvL not seen a bigger crowd at a club cricket match for years past and if the "SoithcrnBoiig birds were heard in find chorus it must be remembered that they get very little exercise at football nowadays Their p mortgagee was worth making a noise about too The remaining, (five wickets for the North put on just about a hundred to the -TiJ made by the first live and though the question does not quite show the 400 which Jack Carlton counted it certainly it was enough and to spare ] mie Ht m put another 21 You to his 21 of Saturday by nice tree cricket He made his -1 too while Stuckey) mode 1 and might have had more but that he went in to force them Although Jiott got Hear a wicket Laver laid him out with a bumpy one that not only praclt cuff) finished his batting for the du) but deprived the north of Ina fast bowling later on-this however being a loss they did not really feel Armstrong who has wasted the best years of his cricket in the to some mu died distinction of captaining" the Ormon 1 began peculiarly He put one up which Murray might have reached by bursting, soon enough but the Hen live man was just then wondering., whether he would sooner play cricket to an acco treatment of quartz stampers or railway) engines He made amends for that however b) a catch just above the grass a few minutes later Irittuted at down the wrong thing, SO call-', Armstrong like many other balsams n did the wrong, was, again by dett running to have LI wild swipe at the next one before he saw what it was like and he just got a bad stroke over Vautin a heard at Ihetejifter his cricket was stylish unless enough Henry Stuckey) continued on Saturday as he began a week ago by letting his way cire fu 1; At 190 he made About the only weak stroke of his injuries an oil side aerial spoon and M Hine, to be just tillar the sweetest of olf drives hit into which he (gets ina whole weight he drove out a bit livelier in exactly the same direction but four jumped for it. stopped it with one hand and held it at the second trial high) are trouble close to a highly creditable iiiiiiiu.1 Stuckey who by his two successive innings of 120 and 140 has shown himself j genuine little Walhillla nugget-he was born up in the Gippsland Golconda was euthusittsticaJI) cheered by 1 ust and "North alike for he is one of those amiable and j,uitlcuianl) young, racketeers whom we like toaeesueeisalui There were eleven 4's in 1 a river in his innings but the river was an overthrow Hut for his playing with such a very light bat-an unusual lane) with a bats men who go to most of his runs in front of the wickets boundary hits would I fancy be more plentiful The only other bit of batting on the side was show ii by Fox who has a record in that he once got the Multi average for a sermon ever made in the junior cup matches He is a n the) batsman with a decisive style about him and delights in a well considered pull If North can make the runs so can no 1 in not it bit afraid of it Hall was Gordons opinion as Lewis and M Michael went in to open the innings for the East I can't say what his opinion is now for there are Borne woes too deep for words unless they are very had words two of the pioneers fell to Maplestone in the same spot at an 1 off for he caught I ewin at the second and Harry at the third try but he caught them and the Northern team wrung, his tingling hand in appreciation of the feat When 1 i Die Hear started with fast over ann and hoisted signals of distress in the shape of an under arm (full or Mape Hint on in his place and clean bowled M Michael laver and Trott in succession It was really Houston though whogotLaier out and the batsman admits it When Carlton after getting two wickets or next to nothing, was asked to hand over the ball to li ore Stuckey) everyone failed to follow the reason but the Houston brain is a lad v truth in the devious windings of which mind reader and black tracker alike lose their via J aver is a bad beginning and Houston write to get him before he was set only Stuckey wouldn't bowl the particular bill Tasmanian wanted and did bowl the particular suit J iver loves to Hall -to another plan had to be tried Houston on conditional took his fieldsman away from the overhead drive Lavers favourite hit and in his anxiety to put one in the vacant spot I ever fell into the trap and was bowled the wickets of Vautin and Murray were a triumph of accurate bow line, \ nuts li u mc, hit one close to Howlett at square 116 Carlton dropped him the same ball and this time it was hit straight to the hill Isman In the same way George Dean having stopped one of Murray s with his chest would have got the next in exactly the same spot but this time his hands intervened M Allister a was mother wicket "ot cleverly for Carlton for lowed up his drat all tend picke 1 it one handed oil the hat He must Mell curtis a fitting, went merry while it lasted and the) plan 1 under instructions to make the most of the time and the pitch Carlton a five wickets have cost him so far 45 runs and Maph stone has three for 20 On the other side 1 overs five for SJoft J (balls bow is I is under the c cumstances a good pt norm ance Melbourne are making themselves heard at last and later) is the Fit 1 what t it) say will be a succession of such lines The delight of the tricolours when they got those two all-round men Werrett and Mitchell in the same over is (ray hall) indicated in the fact that 1 Inllips all in its having opened his mouth to wide in student at that he split his lip AlthoUgh Vhundt e tried out his 1 at for as it is described as a daring ruin than occur in mnniLH He pulled off Falls to lit, and in many trampled upon all the ten millions of butting but he "ot Time Is and a 5 and that in a soup 1 ex used for any departure from orthodox click of the bowlers have Bunn excuse too in that Schmidt was twice missed -Mil each stocks only contribute l a modest 13 to attire) B modest 117 was said to be a bit of very nice cricket Hayes put his weight on the life that made up his Jo and with Hayes a weight only a few his are wanted for that Euraba M cure!] was caught in two minds by the first hall Phillips has led him and fastened it Ch trlic AlI and who has bowled really not right through this season but sometime. with mdilUrint luck was very successful on Saturday getting the wickets for runs and he would have long b a r still had all the houses lean beat When one comes to Heat of the pin of the Melbourne however he must say Consistency thy name is in all its When Loss Rats runs the all naturally of me to be there to see them got but we may to at any time with the hull c conviction that Walters will eat them With Loss in the right mood and Walters as a petticoat was not surprising therefore that the Fitzroy bowlers had a busy) afternoon And it looks as the rich the reward of their positions would be a until the last over of the after noon when Ross was how led in try inform liver oil Schmidt just as Ahern got him in the first innings Some competent i critics who saw Loss s quinine declare it to be the best he has ever pi ive 1 for the Melbourne Club and the but in in I understand shares their opinion It is very high praise and it justil pd makes one doully regret missing it Walters has no hundreds yet but curiously enough his best score is his average Harry Stuckey has been five times to bat has scored the hundred twice and averages 58 yds Walters with five times to but and no hundred averages GO his scores in pennant care! at this season being d4 iO t'O 58 and 68 not out lins looks as though Walters will be on the free list for the I ring cess's Theatre again next winter Houston said Just wait till we get our borders fuemgdum We have at last had an accident to a water pipe which did not damage the interests of the visiting she On I nduv last some school boys had appear on the 1 sen Ion ground nail in their artless way turned on the tap The result was one end of the pitch flooded i hair i Mine- a number of Essendon on thusiasts were on then knees not r i) m for rain of course but mopping,, up the surplus water with bags and sponges One of them in his righteous wrath (got even with the boys) plastering the teacher-I use the phrase of the seen Ion man who told me how much better though to have plugged the water pipe Next day A'f Carlton who could do nothing in the good pitch make the ball talk like a senior wrangler to most of the University men coming sometimes right across the wicket to do it and sending three of the batsmen about their business in no time Dan M Leod was not one of them however for he laid about the bower in rare style and more than double This 64 not out bursting, up finals) only 5 runs short of Allsop's Emma of Id J on the first day of the match Philpott too I am toll played very nice ticket for 17 and Francis in his brief 15 included a pretty liver If Carlton was able to bowlers the damaged end so also was It Kinnon who not live of the six Essendon wickets that fell for 101 not a bad performance seeing that three of them were down for nothing. Moyse) who was clean bowled by Carlton for a duck got his revenge systematic. the bowler before he too had scored though the much mortified I b itsmun protested that his toe was a little inside the line and not on it Mo) se) knew a little more than one novice wicket keeper in a pennant match on Saturday) v he explained to his HE be that he did not stump a batsman because his toe was on the line Smith from w bore > Essendon expected Borne thing(Substuntial wash are led with one out of his own shadow an 1 but for Christian and burnaby the side would have been in a lad was) Chipman made By (not out) by sound batting one of his best strokes berne, a characteristic one behind point the catch by which Lewis at long be" got rid of it urdrop was one of the beat things in the match -1 rain there was nothing at all exciting in the play at South Mill Junee where with Jib us against Carlton's 142 the South are in a comfortable It "iii >n 1 This did not put his customary v soul into his innings of bb but he had not been in luck this season and was more anxious than usual to stay there HIL best thing, about Oversinninssof 55 WUS his hand clean cutting. but the v, bah innings was (cool enough to surprise us in one and no one more than the batsman who was not at all sanguine at starting Tarrant got to the turning point of his bad luck at last with an innings of 40 I have it on the authorities burn Morris that in stumping Lyons from a ball that came between the leg and the bat Smith the Carlton wicketkeeper lil is smart a piece of vi uni as any one could wish to see behind the wickets He has the a question of being as cool as an earl) cucumber Mitchell as in splendid form on Saturday iv against the Port Melbourne bowlers and when he and Wade were putting on 177 for Richmond s fourth vv ticket those who looked on at Port Melbourne had a treat in batting 1 Mitchell is still in with 13 and Wade may have been there too perhaps but for the same di moralising fast events that brought tasteful! bonnet in the first innings Jutchcll had in his Score lb tours and two splendid sixers the ball being, hit almost down to Coode Island from one of them he has one short chopping stroke to the on which looks like a glance until you notice how the ball rebounds from the fence This is Mitchells second big mines),- thus little as he got lb a suit wink tie against the University bowling. In bowling Turner did best with (ne for 13 Richmond I had only a had of >. on the first innings but with 298 for four wickets at the second of) their anxiety is over It certainly was not over in the first innings until O Hum was run out > St Kilda! i it was thought had three very ' soft thin.,, to begin the season with when drawn in turn a" unst Essendon Port Melbourne and Williamstown ] Essendon upset all their calcul mons in their match but the i ther two have been vanquished in due course for some time past we have been expecting that neat little I batsman Smith to take the place in Senior cricket that his batting" seemed always to say) was just held It seems likely homer Unit be will achieve fame as a bowler for all for he has been invaluable to St Kilda in that department this season and on Saturday W H Williams was the only W illumstown but who could pay) him Hut Williams plays all bowling alike and his right to make top M ore for Williamstown is now universally) recognised the New South A ribs Cnekr era Association in placing-. Murdoch's name amongst those selected to p active for their intercolonial match against South Australia at Adelaide have settled all doubts as to their willingness to play) him Harry Moate whom it WON I cured we had seen for the last time in intercolonial cricket has also been selected The Australians will be back in time for the match which is played at Adelaide on (the 15th Lecenil er 1 be Adelaide fast bowler Jones has been at Tokio made with the executive of his club -the South Adel side and only played with him on Saturday week for the first time Although I Jarvis paste 1 him to begin with on a good wicket Jones finish id up with six wickets for 15 runs F Jarvis and 'Neil put up 100 for Hindmarsh s first wicket Jones must have been deadly toward- the finish wORTH. J1_LB0ÜRNLT~. ASTMU-BOUBAE This match it as co illusion Saturday at East Melbourne Scores - -FORTH Uti BOURNE r START LBOUB GHOST WISON MUST JAMES G Bean b Trott 0 1 Lees o Maple If Maplestone t see c b Carter 9 belcher "3 S M Ellen and b Maple H Stuckey) c Harry) b stone " Letcher 144 J Harry) c life] led Drape a JJ Alister stole b Carlton 1 Ever .., 1 Laver b Maple J Carlton c 1 LI IS b stone SI Laver c 0 Vaullii o Howlett It Houston c Letcher b Carlton 1" Sister 44 A ) Trott b Maple I Bean o A and I stole 10 b Trott 4" R Murray c G Bean C Armstrong c but I Carlton 1 in blUrn 93 C J etel or not out 4 T IVix not out A M Alister c and b G Mucke oil Alster Carlton 0 b Laver fl B es D J Howlett b Laker 0 Byes 12 Lee b) rest I shall 1 u Total -til E ¿ht There is for 112 Beau AGAINST -North Melbourne-Unit Iimum»-A.E. iron 800 balls runs 18 maidens -streets o letcher 10- balls 54in s 7 maidens wickets F Laver " I) balls 63 runs IS n ah let's wickets 1 Costello 4 balls 2 runs 2 maidens J Harry 102 balls 20 runs 3 maidens wicket le Is it balls 14 run- _ n ideas MM BOURNE. V riTZRO . This u atch as co started on Saturday last on the NW area Uses en s from d Scores - il-LBO-HM-, fITZROY 1 1ST I MRCS rn-kcrald b T players c to fits Hannah 4 gerald b PI Blues F UaUrj c el n d K Mitchell c sub b M hird} lsobel Ubi 0 "-' " - .- - j Moriah c and b Phillips 0 . 0 Con bell of I er) Hayes, b Schmidt 10 man b M'Leod 10 H McLean b )! Klrd) Jil T Leydin a Per ( M Leod run out 4 man's M'Leod 0 A T Haddrick- c and Mr Ahern c P 1) bMlilrdi S H Herald bPhilbps 5 DM Hu rail! st Has E Brook of Peel train. b Mitchell - man's M Led IS J Hill) a note it 37 V Schmidt not-out -S V I) Generals Ibi _ that M Phillips b Sent Pdt J! R M Leod 0 Mudris 0 J M handy sub b M Scott 6 M Hannah absent 0 Total 5 Total 11 Bo elsa At.AJ.vsw.-MolUoiri o -r rest In its Mitel oil is balls 45 runs 10 in a draw 1 A Ticket Ida and Les balls 7 runs 7 i a dens v ikets Viol call 4- balls 2 runs has dm Mhmli, 144 Falls 0 runs 0 in a less a i clean Srbi I It 0 balls J ru s 0 i laid s costs At her XI ball" j June l wife of Ilfcuo) -First innings 51 ! coil, 1 9 balls 4.1 or sums ders r like s li Hills 114 balls 60 runs 4 gallons 4 like s 1 P I -should 1 balls 0 run s LEE BOW N I SECOND INNINGS Salier's note t CR Boss b well u de . S Byes " Total for one A ticket .. 14a UMM BSm V ESSENDON Thlsiuatcli was continued at Essendon on Saturday Appcudcdsco.es - UNIMJtSIT-i ESSENDON FIRST AVENUE I laST INSIDE Mticklnuou, b Smith b McLeod 0 Hunter 43 Fox, b Mackinnon 0 C Alsop c Brooke b Christian, not out CO CtulKtian 131 Carlton st Moysey, iJuitE, lbs hWar b Mackinnon 0 drop 50 Hunter, of M'I god, is J D Sutherland thrown Mackinnon 1 out, SO Barnes) b Mac 1) M I need, of Patter kinnon 29 son li Drape 134 Wardrop c Lewis, b R Wilton, b Carlton 16 SlaoUfnnon . y 0 Mo) soy, b Carlton 0 Dupe, not out .. 144 L Green b Carlton 0 sundries ... A Hallett e stuckey, b Carlton 47 H J lands, c and b Carlton 11 0 Len is not out 1 Sundries 14 464 Six wickets for 104 SOUTH PIER BOORNL V CARLTON This match was continued on Saturday at South Melbourne Scores - CARLTON First Innings A V BhCOSn ISMSOS I Leith run out " . J' W Anderson c Giller, b Over .. 31 A 'ticket, not out .... 8 A Campbell, not out .. 4 Sundries . 1 five wickets for .. 00 SOUTH MELBOURNE rim rises Dr Edgar Barrett, b Kenny . 20 S Morris b Ellis In II lines of WathER, b Warne . OS "A Over a heavy, blinding . . at 4 Bowman c lieut) b Pullar 4 A Tait and Campbell, is Pullar 40 J- links at built before 0 1 Giller c Catlin.-, b Pullar .. 7 A Rain" noll out. I W Ingleton c Ellis, b kenny . S C Kemp b Kerr) 3 . 0 Sundries 15 Total 270 Bowen Anderson -Kerr , 12ft balls, "3 runs 16 maidens wickets Warne 78 balls 23 runs 2 maidens, I wicket, Lilis 04 balls, 28 runs, 2 maidens 4 wickets, Ilolfe 120 balls 40 runs 4 maidens 4 wickets Leith BO balls U runs 2 maidens Pullar, 105 balls, 51 runs, 2 maidens, 4 wickets. RICHMOND V PORT MELBOURNE Continued on Saturday at Port Melbourne Scores - RICHMOND First Innings " .. 143 BhCOMJ JAM 03 A G Whitehead, b Keys. 31 It Far) b Russell 0 T SMllltoru, c sub b Russell ... ! T Satchell, not on .. by! A. Wade b Purvis ... 40 H Rutherford, not out .... 12 Smithies 3 Four wickets for Co PORT MELBOURNE FIRST INNINGS C Begg, b 0 Turner 12 Knox, c Park b J I vines In Fullarton by Lines J... G Purvis c Lyne, b O Turner .... 11 MCaithi,csub bO Turner ... 14 Russell c Wade b lynes .... S Ellis b Paton - 4 O'Hara run out . ., JO Aughtie, of 1 along bo Turner .. 0 both, SO Turner .. 4 VI latter. not out .. ,, 1 Sundries ,. 8 Total 105 Bowling ASUASIS- Port Melbourne -First In missed by us,, 00 balls 38 runs 4 maidens o wickets C Turner, 75 balls, 42 runs 1 mad Jan 5 wickets, A Paton, of balls 16 runs 3 maidens, 1 wicket, L Scott, 24 bolts c runs 4 maiden ttlIJUMSTOWN V ST KILDA This match was continued at Williamstown Scores - ML! IAMSTOW N ST hill D'. First innings 104 rose leaves SECOND INNINGS Smith 1 bomb Warren's C Grubb, c and b keith, c Williams, Smith b Warren 5 Williams not out 07 Snow, b Warren A Wright, b Smith 4 M Blum, o Nunn, Murray) b Smith U S hannah 2.1 Henderson c lies Kelly is Hannah 4 patrick, b Smith 10 land), c Murray), b Crabb b Smith 6 Warren 01 mine Smith, b Titriutrick, b Han Bruce 20 each 01 O Hannah not out 21 Anderson, of Bolton, Sundries 9 b Williams 15 Bruce b M (Hiatus G Wilson not out 2. Mills b Hannah 5 Sundries 6 Six. wickets for S4 Total Wl BoivtiM) AsAiisis-St. in stating Innings Warren 132 balls 21 runs 3 maidens 4 wicked Hannah 167 balls 54 runs, maidens 4 wickets Williams 114 balls 16 runs, 6 maidens 2 wickets, C lirubb, 04 balls, 27 runs 4 maiden Melbourne v Kew College Scores -ILO 0, 130, Kew Council, 58 for seven wickets Melbourne Last Melbourne-A match between teams of these clubs resulted in a draw Scores East Melbourne, 137 , Melbourne, six wickets for Melbourne v Collegians -Scores -M 0 0, lil Collegians, 70 Melbourne v Melburnians, Scores -Mel burglars M Melbourne two for 01 Melbourne v fitzroy) (beyond Kiev easy Scores M LO 216, and so for five wickets Fitzroy, 142 (Milling 68 not out Cook A, and I as. £4) Melbourne i Franks on -Scores Frankston ISO (R Sadleir J, A Box 4, Thomas 21) Melbourne, four wickets for 138 (Bur) 49 Paxton 44,1 Loufchnan ha East Melbourne v North Melbourne (Second Elevens).-Coiitiniicd at North Melbourne on Saturday scores North Melbourne, 159, and four for by h M O O , lt7 1 Cure) Last Melbourne (Club I lev ens) -East Melbourne 17 4 lezroy, eight for 135 (Burrell now out (J IJv 20 M thinly 21) St Kilda v Williamstown (second elevens pennant) Scores M Kills, £05 (More both 71, Jacobs 40) , Williamstown's (Ulcndeiiui 14) South Melbourne v Carlton (second eleven pennant -Scores Carlton 74 and three wickets for 62, South Melbourne, 804 (P t cream 110, liege T, Clarke 45 Waters 1.6, Low "(J) South Melbourne v Marilebone-Scores-South Melbourne, 00, Marylebone, 48 (Watson 28 not out) South Melbourne Rovers v Moonee Ponds. Scores Moonee Ponds lit Rovers, seven for 184 (v. Dunlop 0 >, W Williams 41), linked 08). Malvern boat others v Richmond Office- Malvern, 183 I.l-bntoixl 07 Han thorn v kew Asylum Scores As). him £0 (I Swift 22), Hawthorn, 23. LittlcOeld took eight, iekcLsforO runs Melbourne Harriers v Hawthorn Harriers Scores Melbourne 85 (J *rt Doyle R, W Calder 20) Hawthorn 58 For the winners Doyle took nine Station 15 Good Samaritan CC (fOR Middle park C O - Scores - Good Samaritan, eight wickets for 62( Thackwray) 12, J Doe, 20), Middle park, 01 (Hurst 27) Colonial Bank v Bank of Victoria -This match was played on St Kilda-road on 23rd lust and 1 resulted in a win for the former by one innings and 22 runs The scores were Colonial Bank, 12", Bank of Victoria KB and 0. Boyle and Scott Cup -The matches for the trophy presented by the victorian Cricketing and Sports I omens were continued on saturday) with the following results - Richmond City v Hawksburn Scores Richmond City, 84 (It held) 13, Edwards 28, Green 22), Hawksburn 1 Mr and eight for 120 (Speary 52- Ormond v South! and Union-Scores Osmond, 15s (lot (12 not out Hodgetts) South "Yarra Union, 112 and no wickets for 0 rum. Malvern v Capulet Scores Malvern 100 Capulet nine for 281 (Hatsom 71, Ma) 65 Mullins 48 Blake 81, M Quirk 30. Coburg v Brunswick Scores Coburg JP" (D Mailer 0") Brunswick 105 'Carter 44, Pender 27) and four wickets for. runs Sports Depot Trophy) -St John's v 1 close Juniors played at Royal park Scores - Juniors, 89 and three for SO , st John s 100 (Mauuclls 20, Norris -5). Northcote v Middle Park played at Middle park on Saturday Scores -Middle-park 19 Northcote four wickets for 163 (Jenkins 50 Ha) CM 47 not out Buckley 27 not out) Hawksburn I Clifton Scores - Hawksburn nine for 141 in Hints declined closed (W. Walton 52, iron, 20) Clifton Jo ANA Trophy Fitzroy v Collingwood Scores -Fitzroy, first innings, 225 (W Strachan 67 L J Smith 62 V. Cleary 25 F Dredge 25 not out) Col Burwood first innings 5 runs for no wickets Carlton v North Melbourne Scores - "North. Melbourne, 26 and Ju , Carlton 44 and two for 19 CRICKET IN SYDNEY SYDNEY, SUNDAY! The weather being line yes herds) some capital cricket was played The University) scored a brilliant win from Just Sydney, which had put their opponents out for 150 and had made 73 for the loss of four wickets. Garrett however secured five Last Sydney wickets for 8 runs with the result that the whole team was disposed of for a total of 163 The Univer sevenths second innings lost to 01 Ackolson".! runs, of which C. H Robinson nude 111 not out, and Garrett 78 Redfern beat Paddington by are the scores being 102 and 100 respectively Canterbury, which had reade 153 against Central Cumberland, had an after noon s leather-hunting as their 01 portents rattled up 293 for the wickets Iredale making 102 not out Walters and Miller 14 Glebe beat Manly by 150 to 00 and I titular! defeated Belvidere who made love in a two innings match by eight wickets Cruickshank being not out time, the Warwicks in their second innings made 100 against the Surrey) United The latter scored 70 in their first innings and have last three wickets for 20 In their second leichardt made a poor stand -against Carlton, the scores being 47 and 34 respectively CRICKET IN ADELAIDE ~ ADElAiDE, SUNDAY The Hindmarsh and South Adelaide match was finished yesterday the latter who made J", losing by 28 runs Reedman scored "0 and Bennett '4 The Australs went in against North Adelaide and put up 212 for six wickets Back making "j not out > Leak 44 and S I eak 22 not out. At Kensington Adelaide, who had to make 18' beat Norwood by two wickets. Winnall scored 62 and Hill 60 winning, the match, after the fall of eight wickets for 87 runs. now SAM, has Seldon v Moonee Ponds played at Moonee PondbtieeiiouSa erda) "Scores -Essendon, 115, Moonee Ponds -0 majority for Essendon, 80 West Melbourne v. Richmond Scores -West Melbourne 03 Richmond, 142, majority) for Richmond 10 points had CHING ADELAIDE, Tamar On Sunday at midnight Frank Toms a member of the North Adelaide Bicycle Club will start from the lostoltlco here for Melbourne li 3 object being to lower Scott's record from the Adelaide to the Melbourne post-offices Jones expects to be paced by various riders through out the journey The South Australian team coin petUigtu toe Austral Wheel Race in Melbourne will leave by Tuesday) s express; The team comprises Leitrim, fern, Greenwood, Pinkerton, Maddern, and Suuimorbn) es _ JiX\D\i\lAj Several matches were played at the Carlton Hand ball Court on Saturday. Scores Flynn and Smith beat Donahoo and Mackay, 41 to 07 ; Donahoo and Flynn beat Mackay and Smith, 41 to 32; Gee and Burns beat Keenan and Mackay by 41 to 31 SPORTING TELEGRAM. BENDIGO, SUNDAY. The racehorse Kettledrum, who was entered for the Selling Hurdle ' Home next Wednesday, was destroyed when being schooled over the jumps at Epsom yesterday. He ran into the hurdles and broke his back. The Epsom racecourse is in splendid condition for the races, and numerous improvements have been carried out. 