tion. THE POETRY OF THE SEARCH-LIGHT [From Cassell's PFaily Magazine.] The advantages or disadvantages of the search-light in the dread event of war be- long most decidedly to the ultra-prosaic side of its character. Whatever effect is produced by the light on observers on the snore is certainly not lessened when the search-light is brought to bear upon observers at sea. From how near or far none of us on the ship can do more than guess a beam of light shoots hither and thither over the dark suface of the ocean. Suddenly the beam is lost, and in place of it we see a bright and blazing star. And then all is filled with a blinding light, apparently circling round and round, and forming a pathway direct to the star from which it comes. As suddenly as it comes upon us it has gone, and we feel that even at sea, where night Qca be darzk,, we have never known before what darkness meant. Probably our ship is one of a squadron, and is fitted, like her consorts and the vessel whose light has broken so mysteriously upon our darkness, with a search light of her own. This will be quickly brought into play, and its beams in their turn will dart hither and thither across the dark waters in search of the ship from which he rSr`~ge ^"ht faehed, In this yro res: the beams will or?aa Maid recrosa the lights of other ships, and will show at one minute dazzlingly opaque and the next as a trans- parent film. Every eye is turned to the quaiter whence tue first light flashed upon us. If the light come from a torpedo boat and fortune favour us we shall sight the boat in a few minutes; but it may be an hour or even more before we do so, for her meet beam. In warfare the search-light should prove very useful in keeping under observation an attacking boat, and one's first thought is she would inevitably serve as a splendid target for guns fired from be- hind the light. But what if the attacking boat could turn on a search-light as well as the attacked? Everything would then appear blurred and uncertain to the gunners, who would be in an even worse predicament than the Bisley marksman with the sun in his eyes. It would be impossible to describe the effects of colour produced by the search- light when turned directly towards an observer, some of which are, of course, common to are lights under all circum- stances. The normal ray is a silvery white, but when the light burns badly the rays appear surrounded by prismatic colours, among which violet is predomi- nant.. As a rule those portions of the ship using the light that are caught in the ray stand out in a beautiful rose pink. The water, where the light touches it, seems an intense, almost a butter cup, yellow fringed with emerald green, and shading off into deep blue-black shadow. No painter has yet attempted to grapple with these chang- ing hues and strange effects. They are vivid almost beyond belief, and add in no slight degree to the poetry of the search light. t10 WOmlu nasuisuy uvviu Luc uiuievu uu of the light from his ship. But sorner oI er telling blue black against the light I m h.r, we catch sight of the lowlying bif,.. "h is passing through a'beam and boats Fit.? "ards us. Now, in time oi Is speedi.dri "t, nsychological moment" ta*. irnuld ti tk&·. re srgious 9Pzly tc for the gatng;: bilg, Fv under Obefvr& keep the on6'i'irf 'boAt ^d we havi tion. She i's` QtaVllinj t1I ce eein the to shift the ii iVt''rapidly. ) ibtx. hes beim faNeiupbf'the w'ater, m only the 3tert! of the atrang ir~ N r and tell as lighi;trey agaitLat dark.. hld ,gay nobrer hani6te the bows 6 darting and that iifa vain endi avour to " fo 1 blind.'ng r,??t of ghost,' light which 3lws ht r relaasesly. T '->2 weird myste - deepens.as th'3pacse beth , e us grows less, and diati'ce, formn,,and eal r are diastorCd ,and lost. ?\s oftenas nor wt see from be. ihind the ligh.t the boat, which it is ho i 'ing, as though .it were teaelliin, shei or upon the bulwarks ofoWSr t is thil i Weird. and .startling as * tha iffect, it is far surpassed l, .li-gh whidh is given by the seOarC doeE wheo it throws, as it oftet , ' er' hugi- shadows on the sky. Not e', t stat. cf the atmosphere is favourable 1 present in the air, which wil then, beiv made opaque or semi.opaque, take the im. print ol a. ?badow almost as surely as a blank wall on shore. Just in the same way one qften sees on the water, when the sun is shining; the sharp shalow of a ship formed where there is foam, though, as a rule, the water being as transparent as air, will not take a shadow. The sime thing takes place with thq search light,.only the light being so much nearer to "the object than are the clouds upon whici theo shadow is thrown, the shadow of ten.appearo'many' times larger than the oigiil;f, 'add a tiny boat will give a shadow moving.,along the clouds like a gigantic ghost ship. Just as shell may be answered by shell, and a tor pedo attack be returned in kind, so may tiash be responded to by flash, aid beam 