EXTRA SPECIAL THURSDAYS SPORTING. THE CRICKET MATCH. Victoria v. New South Wales. First Day's Play. Great will bo the surprise in sunny Now South Wules if the Victorian cricketers in the jubilee match, which started at noon to-day, triumph over our representative eleven. This prediction is justified by what has been heard since tho South Aus. tralians wore so roundly put through their faces by New South Wales, all those who take interest iu tho "king of games," with very few exceptions, having, expressed the decided opinion that despite the eight- wickets victory gained by the southerners in Melbourne, they would on tho occasion now under notice sutler defeat. Ouly an individual here and there has given Victoria the ghost of a chance in the speculation. Certainly it is a point in favor of New South Wales that they are batting on their own ground, but cricket is a gloriously uncertain sort of game, and despite tho acquisition of the champion bowler to our team and other favorable circumstances, there may be a boil-over. A glance at the teams, which follow, will show that ou paper Victoria is fully as strong as its rival : — new south wales:' Banncrman, Callaway, " Coningham, Donnan, Gregory, Iredaio, Piorce, Richard son, Youill, Turner and Wales. victoria: Blackham, Barrett, Bruce, ; Carlton, Graham, Lewis, M'Leod, Phillips, Trott, j.rumuiu auu >> orrau From the local side Moses, who rendered such distinguished service in- Adelaide and Molbourne, is absent, Turner being his sub stitute, which is a very iuir exchange. Bonnor, the champion hard hitter, who has been knocking up some gigantic scores in the country, is not included, the general opinion being that if he couid play it would bo so much the better for the colony. As against Bannermnn, Gregory, Richardson, Iredale and Turner as batsmen, Victoria can point to Barrett, Bruce, Graham, Trott, and Lewis, and the balance should just about bo main tained. Ab bowlers we have Turner, Calla way and Pierce, all very capable performers, but M'Leod, Trunible and Bruce do not lose very much by comparison with thein. 'Thus, then, all goes to show that it is delu sive to imagine, us tho public somehow have dnno, that New South Wales must assuredly win. There is no certainty about tile matter, and it is just a toss-up whether the home eleven will not have to face the' right about. Anyhow it is quite oertuin that the game will be very close, and the side which wins will have to do its level best towards this end. Judging by this morning tho first afternoon's play should be characterised by fine weather, and though the elements are dubious just now tho chances aro that on the whole play will not be interfered with by rain, and both parties will have a fair field and no favbr. Tho 50th match is remarkable for the fact that it is the first competition for Lord Sheffield's shield which lias taken place in Sydney, Tho belief has been expressed that the contest will also witness about the birrecst attendance seen on tho Association Cricket Ground on the occasion of an inter colonial trial of Btrcngth. As soon as the gates were thrown open the public poured in in all directions, and the ground soon became alive with interested spectators, who anxiously awaited the coining of noon. The players were not as punctual as they have been in roccnt matches, and it was about fivo minutes past 12 when Charlie Bannerman and T. Flynn, the umpires, entered the field. Blackham won the toss, and j1arrett and lewis went to the wickets for tho southern colonies. At tho commencement between 8000 and 9U0U were present. Lewis took first ball from Turner at the northern cud. and sharply cutting it, was too anxious to run, and was very nearly run out. Next ball went for a brace iu the slips, and Barrett sent the next towards the scoring board for 4. Callaway went on at the southern end and bowled a maiden to Barrett, Lewis scoring 4 oft' Turner's next over. A dull thud of Barrett's timber wus all that could bo made out of Callaway's over, but Lewis livened our felloWB up with a quartette off the first bail in Turner's next. He, however, tipped a high ball from tho Bathurst man, but it waB a bit too hot for Wales and he dropped it. The last bull of tho over was lielded well by Gregory, and oniy one was added. Lewis then faced Callaway for the first time, and played the over without scoring. Turner introduced himself to Barrett, and the doctor quietly kept him going without in creasing the score. Lewis drove Callaway for a single on the fourth ball, and Barrett played out tho over. Barrett got Callaway to square-leg for 2 — bis first contribution. Turner bowled a maiden to Lewis, and Callaway similarly treated Barrett. Lewis lifted Turner to the off for 4, the stroke being an admirable one and meriting much applause. Barrett made a swipe at a leg-bail from Callaway, but missed, and a bye resulted. The doctor drove Turner for a single and Lewis sent the next ball through the air at a great rate, the leather landing a few yawls on the inside of tho fence and bouncing right over. Richardson smartly fielded a swipe from Barrett, but Youill let the next through his legs and 4 was added to tho doctor's score, which, with a triplet towards the stand, brought his scoro to double figures. Donnan rclioved Callaway nt tho southern end when the score wa3 at 35, and Lewis got his second ball for a single, Barrett treating bis fourth to 2, winding up the over with a brace to log. Fierce wont on in Turner s place, the score being 40. LowiB scored a single. Banner- innn nicely fielded the first two balls of Donnan's next over, but Lewis got tho third away for 2. Barrett could do nothing with Pierce's next. Lewis added a single off Donnan and scored a singlo off a no- ball, following with a single off Pierce. Barrett got Donnan to leg rather swiftly, Youill fumbling, and 4 resulted, bringing his score to 20 with a singlo off Pierce. Barrett got a single off Donnan. The latter bowled a bumpy one to Lewis, and that batsman hit it hard and Turner just got it, but it was too hot to hold. Barrett sneaked Callaway, who replaced Pierce, to the fence for 4. Lewis added a single off Donnan, and Con ingham went on instead of Callaway. Lewis cut him for 3. Barrett drove the last ball for 4. Pierce then went to the southern end, and Lewis was caught by Gregory off the third ball, having scoreit 35. All through luncheon hour tho crowd poured in at every entrance, and when play was resumed tho ground held a record number of spectators. Tho shilling enclosure wus uncomfortably full, while tho grandstand and lawn held just enough people to give a crowded appearance. The members wore present in full force, and in the ladies' pavilion ovcry seat was occupied. The Permanent Artillery Band discoursed sweet music on the lawn. trott filled the vacancy and sent the lust ball to Youill, who failed to stop its progress along the Bward, and 4 was added. The bowling was got hold of and 2, 3 and a couple of quartettes brought the score to 85, Trott having run up 15 in no time. Barrett played it mono- tonous over from Coningham, and Donnan went on in place of Piorce. Trott put him in the slips for a quartette. Barrett got Coningham away for a single. A byo was scored off Coningham, und Barrett snicked a coupie, und cut tho same bowicr's last bail for 2. Iu Donuan's next over Wules caught Trott- behind tho wickets. 2—19—95. worrall played nut the ovor. Worrall got Coning ham away to the grand stand fence for a trio, and Donmin stopped a 4 which tho samo batsman had sent towards the leg fence, 3 only being scored. The doctor scored 4 to leg off Donnan's next ovor. At 110 Turner took tho bull nt the northern end tiud bowled a maiden to Worrall. Barrett scored a single off Donnan Tho wicket was playing splendidly, and though the bowling was good runs came but slowly. Generally speaking the fielding of tho New South Welshmen was first- cluss, more particularly that of Gregory, Turner und Bannerman, In one instance tho fielding was very much " off," and the crowd noticed it, rather to the discomfort of the fieldsmen. Piorco substituted Donnnn at the southern end. Barrett brought up iiis half century with a single off Turner, Worrall being 12, and the score 1 IS. Worrall smacked a brace to leg, and Wales did even tiinc after it. Worrall quietly landed Pierce to leg for 4, The stonewallnr out Turner for a quartette and drove him for a single. Trott whacked the champion for 4, none of the fieldsmen being within yards of it. At 135 Dr. Barrett was caught and bowled by Coningham tor 65. Following are the scores : — Victoria. First Innings. Lewis, o Gregory, li Fierce .. .. 3i> Dnrrett, o unci b Coningham ,. . .. ijf> Worrall, li Pierce- .. .. .V ...... 88'-. ' Bruoe, nofcout .. ... ..17 - Sundries . .. .. -4 Four wickets for .. .. 140 " At the. 4 . o'clock adjournment tho scoro stood— four for 108. . .' Melbourne,- Thursday. Great intorest is felt in Melbourne in - the intercolonial cricket match taking place in Sydney. 