CHAPTER V. POLL'S'S MISDEEDS. Face to face, in the dead hour of night, in the desolate room of Lyndith Grange, Fate had done ber work, and brought those two together at last ! For an instant both stood speechless, spell-bound -each with the same wild thought that tbey beheld a supernatural visitant. Then, as the light of the lantern shone more broadly over the face and figure of the lady, the girl recognized her, and al super- stitious fears were swept away in an impulse of uncontrollable surprise. "Lady Charteris!" dropped from her ups. The words, the sound of a human voice broke the spell. Lady Charteris knew the elim figure standing before her was »ioi the ghost of the mad lady, "Who speaks?" she asked, faintly. She was intensely nervous, and her heart throbbed almost painfully. " Who ore you ?" "I am Polly Mason." Polly's voice faltered a little as ehe said it. She always did feel ashamed of that intensely plebeian and unromantie cogno- men, poor child. " Polly Mason !" the name of all others now moBfc dear to the heart of the lady. She drew near hurriedly-half incredulous-" Polly Mason !" She lifted her light high-yeB, it Bhono on the slender, girlish figure, the fair, drooping bead, the beseeching eyes, the half-smiling, half-trembling lips, for Polly, thus detected, hardly know whether to laugh or cry, I" My child ! my child !" the Jady cried aghast, " what Jn the world brought you hore P You, of all people alive, aud at this unearthly hour I" Polly laughed a little bystoriûaljy-then half sobbed i " Oh, Lady Charteris, it was foolish, I know, and Duke and Rosanna will be so angry when they find it out, I'm half tony now I came, but I could not help it, Elie» Long-you don't know bor, of courte j but we bate each other, ehe and I-durod me to come here and epegd a night »lone among the ghosts, and I-well, J know I'm a little fool !" Polly cried, plleously, aud look- ing up, with her big blue eyes at tim great Jady, "but if the dared me to jump into Spuckhaven Bay I think I would do it, 'JVrny left me here, and are to call for mo at two o'clock, Jt mue! be nuar that now, And please, my lady" ivory i humbly) "don't tell; J was not «fluid, indeed I wasn't, und I > Jejir nearly all the time j but Duke would be vexed-(l)ilke's my cornil», please my lady)-and heV fendia dear old eoimin f bat» to make bim fcoriy, Oh, Jiuäy Chaiteiia !" polly «.?Japped her bund* j "I know tills js yourbom>u, but / did no1 know thal you ny «uybody over i'iime here, or J'd nwvej have done ft. Ob, pleate don't tuy I've done anything to very, veiy wrong," J'olJy could talk at all time«, and awe of ladies, gnat 01 «wall, tln> did not know, Wim wondeied lo And Lady f'huiteil« hoi.', at »ireh a tim«, and the hoped that Duke wouldn't discover bei «wapad«, but k>he V.UH at piepaied to couverte with a baroiut'n lady as w|tb Kiauna, It wim a WJmt-iit before my My aimwered, a moment duilug which Mm »tood looking at tlmgliJ, with her band premed tightly over her beait, The blue, buttfet-biBg eye* were to like, «o cruelly Ilk« <-ye» that «eveuteeo yeaie ago bal been Auuur ro bei than earth and all it« glory, It gara JMV ft pang Almost ft* ibarp w deatb to nee their counterpart thus. She scarocly heard a word i she only knew that the child of her love stood before her. " My darling ! my darling 1" »he said, with a smothered sob, " ob, my darling i" and the aston- ished Polly found herself caught in the lady's arms, and tears and kisses raining on her face. Miss Mason's first impulse was that Lady Char- teris had gone suddenly mad. It wa« not an im- probable fanoy, nndcr the circumstances; and, much more alarmod than she had been any time yet, she strove to get away. She was prepared to meet a ghost, if you like, but not a lunatic. Lady Charteris understood her in an instant, and at once released her. " I have frightened you, ray dear," «he said, re- covering herself-self- command wan a fixed habit with her now | she was not at all likely to give way again i " but you-you resemble tome ono I once knew. My child, what a strange thing for you to do-to come and spend a night in this dismal place. Were yon not terribly afraid P" " Well-no, my lady i at least not until I heard you upstairs. I don't mind a bit BO that Duke and Rosanna don't find out." " You are very fond of your cousins, my doar ?" " Oh, very !" said Polly, " Duke especially i but every one loves Duke-the starved dogs in the Btrect, the little beggars who ask alms in the town, everybody !" Her eyes lighted-yes, very fondly Polly loved " dear old Duke." "And you aro happy-truly and really happy P" the lady asked-so earnestly she asked it. " Happy P" Polly repeated j " well, no, not quite. I don't think anybody could be happy whoso name was Polly Masoni Polly! it reminds roe of a poll-parrofc in a cage, asking for crackers." Lady Chartern smiled in spito of herself. " Is that all ? Well, my child, you can console yourself with the thought that, like most young ladies, you will one day change your name." Polly bluBhed, and thought of Mr. Fane. " I ought to be a happy girl, I suppose, for every body is very good to me. My lady, will you pleaao tell me the time ?" " It is just half-paat one," looking at her watch ; " my errand here is done, and you will return with me. And, Polly," she laid her hand on the girl's shoulder, "you know tome of the people at the Priory. I Baw you dancing, you remember, yester- day; don't mention to any of these young men, should you chance to see them, that you ever met mo here. Now come." " My lady, I cannot go-I promised to wait, and I must. They will call for me at two-only half an hour now ; I wouldn't bave them find mo gone for the world when they return. I should never hear the last of it." "Who are they, my little onoP" "Ob, Alice Warren and Eliza Long, and two young men; you wouldn't know any of them. They'll be here at two, and I must wait-I pro- mised." "A promise must bo kept, of course. Will you not get a scolding to-morrow from-this Duke you love so well-for this madcap prtnk ?" " A scolding ! fluke scold !" Polly laughed aloud at the stupendous joke-such a sweet, merry laugh. "Oh, dear-no, my lady, Duke couldn't scold if he tried- least of all, me. But ho would look grieved, and that would be ten times woree, and never say a word, and be kinder to me than ever. Rosanna would scold, and I shouldn't mind it a bit ; hut Duke," Polly shook berenrly head, with contrition. " No, I hope Duke won't hear of it." | " Then, ho shall not-from me. And I mtiBt go and leave you here. It eeems almost cruel." " You are very kind, my lady, but don't mind me; I'm not afraid, and I couldn't go, that's tho 'amount of it, Please lot me help you out." Lady Charteris stooped, and kissed ber very gently this time, "You are a brave little girl. Good-night, and don't come here any more." The benediction given with the kiss was uttered in the lady's heart. Polly helped her out of the window, and watched her as she flitted down the avenue, her light steps lost on the grassy ground. "Now, I wonder what brought her here?" thought Miss Mason, " all alone, and at this timo of night-mornin«, I mean-for it's closo upon two o'clock. Ia she going to walk all the way to Mon talien Priory, and does her husband know she's out P Oh, dear !" Polly yawned dismally. " I do wish they would come," Sim had not long to watt. Before two struck the quartet stood under the window, filled with re- morse and dire miBgivingB. Would they find her alive when they returned-would they find her at all P Might not the cavalier's ghost carry her oil bodily to the îand of restless shadows whence ho cameP But Polly, as bright as a new shilling, stood smiling before the«», and loapotl with the I ound of a kid out of the window and into the arms of the haberdasher's young man, "That will do, Samt I don't want help," said Miss Mason, rather disdainfully. After Allan Fans and Guy Earlscourt it wasn't likely she waa ever »gain going to tolerate tradesmen's nppron tices, " Yea, I'm sofo, Elisa, in spite of you and the ghosts and the rats j and I've had a sociable chut with one of tim ghosts that liauut the Grange, and a very pleasant ghost it is, I hopo you're con- vinced I'm not afraid now j and if you, or any »f you, let Duke or Rosanna find out this night's work, I'll-well, don't you do it, that's «II I I may be an idiot for my poins, but I'm nob going to worry them Into their graves," Even Ell/.» Long promised. She had Loon eon t-iderably alarmed during the hour» of waiting, I they found Polly dead or gone mni through flight, I'etei Jenkins would turu Queen's evidence she knew, and there was no telling what tim law might not do to bri-hang lier, perhaps, Kim promised, »nd bim kept her word-for two or three Months-and by that lime it did no barm to tell, Al half past two onaetly, Polly «lol» in tbroiiifh A kitchen window und upstairs In her «tonkin«» to bed, and fell asleep, mid woke up mid came fra*h and »miling down to breakfast, none the worn« for her night's dieary frollo, "He will be beru presently," was the young lady'e thought) and breakfast over, she went hui'li to her room to get Jtursojf up for I he IHNMHIOII' Wim looked over lier wardrobe with a Miohiu»|ioly sense of Its dull.'lulled)«. A whit» muslin and a diab nilk for Holiday*. Polly hain) that drab «ilk, wliit'l) Rosanna bad bought im a good «ervine »bl* colour, Two faded gingham«, nundi the witto fur wabbing and mending, and last winter'« blue murillo, That was all, Ulm riese the blue meiliio, faded a little, but low-necked and «boil sleeved, and the colour thal suited her best, and jmt It on, A blue ilbboii, tim hu« of her oyen, to ¡fe i/p HUÍ «boil, eifnp mu lu-mid (hut wai, flin whole of h»r adornim-nt, Rut the «loping «boulder* and Um rounded arm» »bonn, »nd the *<ij)pbli« oyen «pat II lud, and the rboit boyieli curl« wine like «jpple gold, and, «landing before the g1»*«, the girl knew »ho wa« beautiful, Mr, Pun« cam«, and not alone, A t eleven o'clock he drove up in ft daubing, little pony nliaotoB, with cream-coloured, hi«h-Btepping ponies, and Mis Maud Charteris by bis side. Polly waa seated under an arch of morning-glorie«, reading Tenny- son, noting for tho oocaiion, and Mr. Fane's «peak- ing eyes told her pretty plainly what be thought of her look«. He had come to take her to the Priory for that first sitting for the fair Rosamond ; and this waa MÍB« Maud Charteris, Mi«« Mason, and lie was quito turc each young lady would be charmed with the other. MÍBB Maud Charteris gave Miss Polly Mason a little, half-patronUtng, half- haughty smile and bow, which the latter returned with equal hauteur. She waa not pretty-little Miss Charteris. She was palo and Bickly of aspect, with her father's black eyes and jet black hair, straight as an Indian's. The bright silks which that doting father likod to see her wear contrasted harshly with her small, pinched foature« and sickly pallor. She was dressed like a doll now, in tartan silk of brilliant hues, a white lace scarf, a Paris hat, wreathed with pink rosebuds, and dainty boot«, and gloves and pink silk and point lae« parasol. Polly saw it all, and the faded blue merino, and her bare, brown hands, and her straw hat, with it« cheap ribbone, looked, oh ! so unutterably shabby and poor and mean I How could Mr. Fane ever look at her twice beside tho glittering little butter- fly, this baronet's daughter, dressed in rose silk P She turned sick with hopcleBB longing, and-yes, the truth must be told, envy- and ehe was driven to Montalien Priory, BO silent and depressed, that she hardly knew herself. How could she tell that Mr. Fane never Baw the tartan silk, the Paris rose- buds, or the point lace P He only knew that the baronet's daughter waa sallow and puny and not pretty, and that a girl as bright, as blooming, as beautiful BS Hebe's self sat beside him, with two blue eyeB whose like ho had never seen before. Miss Charteris deigned to talk a little to Miss aw-Mason, as the stoppers bore them along. Had she really lived all her life in HUB dull country town f Had sho never been to school, nor to Paris -never even to London P It must be dreadfully dull-such a life. She regarded the shabby merino and the common straw hat with pitying wonder. She was unutterably condescending to this dowdy country girl whom Mr. Fane wanted to paint The little embryo lady took tho airs of a grande dameaa naturally as n duckling takes to water, and with every question of the disdainful patrician. Polly grew more and more angry and sulky, and sorry that she came ; and it was in a very bad humour, indeed, that she entered the dusky splendour of the Priory, and followed Mr. Faae into an apartment, where flowers bloomed, and birds sang, and beauti- ful pictures were on the walls, and tall vases tailor than herself-stood, and a turkey carpet covered the floor, and aitken draperies hung, and parian statuettes glimmered in the pale green light. Her heart sank more and more at the sight of all this splendour. No wonder Maud Charteris de- spised her-Maud Charteris, to whom this gorgeous templo was only an everyday drawjng-room, and who lived in perpetaal tartan silks. Mr. Fane left her for a moment to go ia search of MÍBB Hautton, ho said, who was to Bit |for Queen Eleanor. Miss Charteris left her, excusing herself elaborately, to remove her hat and scarf. Polly waa alone. Silence reigned. It was like a church. She glanced about her in awe. But presently through a curtained arch at the farther end of the room, voices came. One was the voice of little MUs Maud ; the other tho languid, haughty a'cents of Miss Hautton. " Pretty P" she WBB repeatin«, in rather a con- temptuous tone. "Did Mr. Fane really say so. Maud ! He must have beon jesting surely. Why, the girl in white, with whom I saw him danoing, waa a peifect little dowdy." " Well, I thought so, too, Diana," said the piping treble of the little lady of thirteen ; " and to-day you should seo her !-such a dress, old and faded and made-oh !" Words failed to describe the unfashionable make of this old, faded dress. " How tiroBomo of Mr, Fano to fetch her here ; and one must be civil to tho little creature, I sup- pose. Pretty I a stupid country-girl, with red hair and freckles." Polly waited to hear no more j her heart felt full to bursting-she hardly know whether with anger, or wounded feeling, or what, Sho had been insulted, cruelly insulted ; why had Mr. Fane ever brought her here P She got up, and made her way out ; how, she hardly knew, through long suites of rooms, and down that grand gilded and carved stairway. She was out of the house, aud into the bright sunshine, with the summer wind blowing in her hot face, and a swelling in her throat that nearly choked her. " A stupid country girl, with red hair and freckles I" That dreadful sentence rung in her ears like a death-knoll all tho way home, She went straight up to her room, and throw off the blue dress and blue ribbon, and put on tim shortest and most vvashod-out of the ginghams, and looked at herself in tim glass, It WHS quite true, all they said of her. Sim was a dowdy and looked it. Sim had red hair, too-it appeared yellow to her. But, rod or yellow, it was iii) the same, and she had frocklos, Tim light was vory Btroiig, and by Btraining her eyes, sim counted «even under one uyu aud five under tho other. She was neither clever nor handaomo »or good | sim was only a sunburnt tomboy, and would never go near tim Priory no»' those scornful ladies any moro j and Mr, Fane should get his conja (Polly know French] if hu tiver dared oomo near her again. Polly worked for the remainder of that day, with an energy that uomplotoly astonished Hosanna, Ironing was going on, and ulm get a table to her. tulf, and iroiiod those dot lie« with a vindiotivu (jimigy, that left lier cheeks crjinnon, aud Jw eye» full of »twinning light- Sim was dead uimul, too, and ileellned tatong )mr toa, when Uu-iunu carno, aud wmit out into tim garden to let tim ovoning wind cool off, if it could lier liuulmd face, And, as ulm »uiu'lifid Hie gate, there utood Mr, Allan )''um> in pe»son "Mina Manon-Polly I" be began, "what on earth made yon run away P Did J leave you too JongP J glvu you my wind I could not help It, and J hope you in« not oll'ended, What was ItP" Polly looked »I bim with Daubing eyes, Kim would Imvu cut oil her right band «oonor thai) let him know how «he find been humiliated, "What I« It, Polly; ¡ thliik you «aid Unit I might «all yo» Polly," with a tender look, " You may »all me anything you p|oa»o, Mr, Pane -»dowdy, «tiijnd country-glrl, «nell a» I »m, Jf I waru Mis« Diana l/aiilton, or Mfs« Mund Cbarteri«, It would be i/gll« another thing-but bow would a »hubby, Ignorant, red-bafred »u«tl« expert either i'iwjwet or «oiirtony !" "Polly- Ml«« 'MII««II! Oood Heaven! ha» any | one Insulted you Y Who came futo tim room« while J wa» away P" " Not a »oui, Mr, Pane Hut you «bould not bo «urpibtud »t anything a p'ir«on In my da«« of life may do, We don't know any better, and I got frightened, wry naturally, at all tim «plendour about me, and ran away-Jutt that. One word, on« look from so grand a lady an tb« IloaoraW« Miis Ilautton wonld have annihilated me j I ra» away. Don't waste your timo, I beg, Mr. Fane j go back to tho Priory and the high-born ladioa there." " Tou are a* thorough « lady aa the boat of thom Miss Mason, if you will pardon my protutuptlon in saying so, and I wouldn't etchango flvo minutes with you for a day with Vte fairest of them !" Uo told the truth-there waa a glow on hi» plaotd face very unusual thora. Polly, pretty at all time«, waa tenfold prcttior whon thoroughly angry. Tho haughty poise of tho head, tho flashing fire in tha blue eyes, the fluab on the oval chocks, tho ringing tones of tho clear voice, became bet well. (To 6« continued.) 