Now that one phase of the political imbroglio in connection with tlio Mercan tile Bank cases lias been terminated by the enforced retirement of Mr. Isaacs, wo arc face to face with theoriginal problem — Was Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn justified in preventing tho charges against Sir M. H. Davies and Mr. Millidge being sent to a jury for trial? This is a dilierent question alto gether from whether ono law officer might override the already acted upon decision of his colleague. A squabblo between tlio two law officers was a state of affairs so scandalous that it could not be borne, and tlio Cabinet, after attempting to maintain an untenable position of neutrality as long as it could, was compelled to tako sides and order one or other of the disputants to retire. Ministers decided that the colleague to be sacrificed was Mr. Isaacs, as tiie immediate offender against constitu tional usage. But Ministers do not by this course necessarily assert that Sir Bryan O'Loglilen wa3 right in stopping the Mer cantile Bank prosecutions. Wliero it seems to lis Mr. Isaacs was wrong was in not making tlio action of ins colleague a Cabinet question, and inviting the Government to say whether the Attorney- General had exorcised ids powers in a pro per way, instead of challenging him on bis own motion. The Cabinet must then havo decided either to endorse tlio action of Sir Bryan O'Loglilen or call upon 1dm to retire from office. Ono good result of the entanglement is likely to he that we shall get rid ot tiie miserable protence that one of the legal members of the Ministry may administor tho affairs of his department without consultation with his colleagues and without involving them in responsibility for his action. It is surprising how slowly theso constitutional myths are got rid of. A quito parallel caso was that of tlio alleged power of the Gover nor to use the prerogative of mercy without reference to the opinion of his constitutional advisers. That claim lias been finally abandoned in ovary self governing colony in the Empire, Downing-stroet itself giving up tiie contention that tho powers of tlio Crown in the colonies can exceed those which it exercises at the seat of empire. It lias - reasonably been held that the persons who arc responsible for tlio administration of justico must he left to determine whether it is expedient to commute tlio sentence on any convicted prisoner. Is tlio preroga tive of mercy to be exercised at an earlier stage by a person of inferior status to the representative of tiie Crown, und her Majesty's Ministers as a body to have no controlling power '! Such a contention lias only to be meutioncd to show its absurdity. If an Attorney-General orders a nolle prosequi in a case where tlio guilt of the accused is notoriously doubtful, or if lie allows a ease to go to trial when there is not a scintilla of evidence to support it, he performs an administrative act for which Parliament will hold the whole Cabinet re sponsible, and not the peccant Minister, alone. It is one of the absurdities of our system of government that this should he so. AVe havo long maintained that each Minister should ho personally responsible to Parliament for the adminis tration of his department, and that Iiis condemnation should not invulvo the re tirement of his colleagues, with, whom no fault was found. But wo have to deal to day witii tho constitution as it exists, and which holds the cntiro Government respon sible for every act of each of its members, whether the act is performed in the Depart ment of Law or in that of Lauds. An intelligent magistrate thought tho evidence disclosed in tlio Mercan tile Bank prosecution a prima facie case, the Crown prosecutors en gaged felt certain there was such a case, and the general pnblic is almost, unanimous in declaring tiiat tho circumstances should he investigated by a judge and jury. It seems to us that Sir Bryan O'Loglilen committed an error of judgment in setting his personal opinion against a consensus of opinion amongst the professional and non-professional classes. His action was not kind even to tho aconsed themselves. Presumably they aro . conscious of their own.innpcenco, and dcsitaitoi'ltavc .It doolartd.ihy,-<i.> jury of : thoirn fcountrymon. " . It.i " decs jinot suffice no 'fori 'them - tliab . a '.political lawyer, "'acting as judge and -'jury 'both, should dfitccl flaws in the evidence 'which would, in" his opinion; provbii.i/ ii convic tion, mid' so lot the' matter drop without any trial at all. AVIiat tlio defendants want is nn oxcuipation ut the hands of a regular tribunal, inid not a favor conferred by a kind iioartcd member of tlio Ministry. Perhaps tho best way to look nt tlio mattor is to consider what courso would linvo boon pursued by a grand jury in England oil hearing the evidence for the prosecution in this case. Such a body would cortainly not havo taken into consideration any legal subtleties which naturally present tlioin- sclvcs to tiie mind of a trained lawyer, but would have contented itself by saying whether or not Micro was a presumption of guilt, leaving the final issuo to the proper tribunal. It is unfortunate for Sir llryan O'Loglilen and for tlio Ministry of which ho is a niombor that ho did not tnko this modost view of his own functions, and that ho should have gone out of his way to sift tho evidence with a view of determining whether tlio chargcB against tlio licensed wero absolutely substantiated. It is equally unfortunato that lie relied upon himself alone, and consulted neither tiie Soiiuilor- Gunoral nor the Clown prose cutors engaged in the case. It is said tiiat tlio practice is for the Attornoy- Gcnerat to rely greatly upon the opinion of the Crown prosecutors in determining whether a caso shall go to trial or bo abandoned, und it soems strnngo that tlio. usual course was . not followed in this instance. There is a very strong feeling abroad that tlio mattor should not rest where it is, nnd that by somo means or otlior tlio Mercantile Bank casos should ho brought to trial. Tho honor of the colony is involved in the administra tion of justico, nnd more particularly in tlio thorough investigation of criminal charges brought against persons who havo had the moneys of outsiders entrusted to them. It is said that an application is about to he made to tho Supremo Court for tiie appointment of a grand jury. This is the real appeal against the decision of the Attoriioy-General, and Micro seems no good reason why it should not bo resorted to. The Government will probably sue that its readiest mode of escaping tlio difficulty in which it lias been placed will ho to afford ovary facility in its power for thus bringing the caso hank under tlio cognisance of tlio ordinary criminal tribunals. The very fact that the committing magistrates differed as to tiie merits of tills ease, and tiiat tlio law officers of tlio Crown were so emphatically opposed to cacli other upon it that one has left the Government and resigned his sent iu order to test public opinion, show that the case was not ono which should have been summarily stopped by tho Attorney- Gonoral. The painful feeling which has lieoh created by' this fiasco, and the political turmoil which it threatens to create at a very inopportune moment, should impress the Legislature with the weakness of the machinery provided here in place of the English grand jury system. It lias broken down on the occurrence of tlio very first Btrain. There has been no previous instance of the two law officers of a Government falling out ns to the propriety of entering a nolle prosequi, probably becauso heretofore that course has only been adopted formally on tiie advice of Crown prosecutors who recognised that their cases wero hope less. But evidently tho system will not work when we have a live Attorney-General and a lively Solicitor- General; A repetition of tlio political squabble which lias arisen in connection with the matter could easily ho obviated by Bueh. an alteration of the law as would make it clear that it was only when the Attorney-General was unable or unwilling to act that the Solicitor-General should intervene. But, wo submit, reform, if it is to he entered upon at all, Bliould go a littlo further, There aro obvious objections to conferring the powers of a grand jury on any politician engaged in the administration of party government. An Attorney-General charged with this duty might, under somo con ceivable circumstances, ho called upon to decide whether lie would fail in tlio performance of his duty or wreck his Administration. It is not fuir, either to tho political officer concorned or to tlio public, that the former should ho placed in such a position. AVe may instance tlio prosecutions which have been instituted in some of Uio neighboring colonies in connection witii labor troubles. An Attorney-General in deciding whether or not such cases should go to trial would ho accused of favoritism by ono side of otlior ivliatevor courso lie took and no matter how conscientiously he might porform his duty. It would cer tainly he preferablo to entrust the duties of the grand jury to some independent authority, iind thus completely remove tlio administration of justice from tlio arena of party politics. AVe are living- in exciting times, when each day brings to us some " new thing," such ns tlio' Athenians of old wero said by Mio Apostle to havo hungered for. To morrow wo arc to liayo. a. conference of Australian Premiers, and in times like these, whon all tho colonies have more of less of trouble on their hands, a laying together of wiso Iioads is a timely thing to do. Sir John Downer, the Premior of South Australia, is said to have conceived the idea, and lie found Victoria, New South AVales aud Queenslaud immediately responsive. It is true that owing to tiie opening of the Parliament in Brisbane Sir Thomas M'llwraith will not ho able to join in the conference; nor lias thero been time to get together the repre sentatives of the three other colonics. But it is sottledlnow that Sir George Dihhs, Sir John Downer and Mr. Patterson will com pare notes as to the financial and political outlook of tiie Australian colonies. It is not easy at first sight to seo how informal meetings liko those can do much in affording relief to the complaint wc suffer from. But when wo come to reflect that our troubles do not spring -from want of money or want of productiveness, hut out of tlio lack of that mutual confidence which must always remain tlio soul of social pro gress, it may well be that somo drawing together of the colonics in a federal spirit, to tako united couiisol for moeting a com mon trouble, may fire the spark of a new hope amongst its people. There must havo been some idea of this Bort in tlio Premier's mind when lie talked across the walnuts and the wino to his hosts at Port Campbell. After settling people on tlio land, he said, there lay closo to them " the question of federation, in a " destruction . of intercolonial harriers, in " order that .there sliould'.ho tliat freo intor- " courso which..,, ought j to .-..exist bc- "-tweeiij.the British, ,raco ,:in .Australia. "In!' these .times of- financial .calamity it " \Vonld ho hotter if- wo could oven "stretch. "'tdtlili1 sister colonies- the' right "hand of " fiAikcin.1 assistance; ici i'hkt 'the' honor of " atiy one of the Australian cofohics might " not.be dragged to the ground if it could " ho assisted by the whale of the others. "lie would snggost that If any doubt " whatever existed as to tho crodit of any " ono colony, Australasia should he nnltod " in tho dofenco of tiiat colony to enable it " to moot its publio obligations, and to " uphold its honor and credit in the outside world. AVo had our little private " and our local troubles, but tliey wero of " minor importance. Our national honor " depended upon kooping faith with thosowo " had borrowed from abroad, and our. publio " credit should bojuaintalnod." For aught that appears thoro may ha a whole schema of financial federation hidden away under those words ; but, if so, Mr. Patterson has exorcised moro than his customary cap. tion in concealing ids thoughts.' Certainly tlio occasion will he an excellent ono for ventilating the idea of a Federal Bank of Issue. It may ho considered almost a foregone fact that in tiiis colony a Stato hank must ho a mattor of early Ministerial policy.) Tlio roform of our banking system, which recent events havo mudo inevitable, could scarcely now stop short of so profitable and popular an institution as a State hank. And since tlio other colonies have tlio snino impelling motives for roform ns we have, nn Australian Federal Bank of Issuo is almost suro to ho ono of tlio mattors which will engage tlio atten tion of tho Premiers. This is not tiie time to indicate tlio lines on which such nn institution should bo constituted ; hut speaking broadly, ono may say without tlio smallest dubiousness that tlio establish, mont of a great Australian Fodciul Bank, which would have behind it tho ossots us well ns tlio taxing power of the several colonics, wopld form a tower of financial strength in timo of need. Ifit did nothing moro than undertake the flota tion and manngemont of all Australian lhiiiis, its benefits would ho incalculable, hotli in tlio terms it would he able to com mand and tlio credit it would establish. AVo may tako it for granted that Sir George Dibbs will urgo upon his fellow Premiers an imita tion of his own recent legislative oflorts. Tho Bank Issuo Act of Now South AValos makes tho notes of Mia hanks a logal tondor" for a certain spccifiud time ; and the most immediate oll'ecb it has hud so far has hcon to trausfor some tons of gold from the strong rooms of Now South AValos to Melbourne. Thoro are tlioso who say that tiie measure lias had an excellent and quieting iniluonco ; but others deny this, and say tiiat its tendencies aro distinctly dangerous. The liaste witii which this measure lias been followed up by the Current Account Release Bill lends countenance to tlio suspicion limb New South AVales is not free from panic in her legislative circles. Reflection does not reinovo tho objection tlint nttaclics to the Stato pledging tho resources of the whole people to meet an unknown liability of tho hunks to a special class. In answer to tlio Treasurer's objections, that tlio Stato money could only issuo on tlio deposit receipts of the reconstructed institu tions, Sir Georgo Dihhs proposes to accept tiie moro certificate of the liquidators of the old hanks. The vory idea of a Governmont advancing £2,000,000 or £3,000,000 on sucli documents as these- which commit the hanks to nothing, bIiowb tiie desperate naturo of tlio scheme. And oven then it does not remove tho invidious- ness to which we called attention. Many citizens have small deposits falling duo, oil tiie anticipated recoipt of which tliey had built up certain plans, which aro for the time frustrated to their loss. If tlio State is to issue its money for the relief of one set of people, it cannot very well ignore others whoso inconvenience and loss are'no less. Still, it is well that all these matters should got consideration at such a meeting lis that which will tako placo to-morr.ow. Sir John Downer, who brought about tlio conference, has not so far publicly disclosed his ideas. Broadly, ho wishes to initiato " financial federation." This is a very largo order indeed, if we accept the phrase in its usual significance. It may mean a consolidation of. Australian indebted ness, a joint management of our loans and loan interest, a federal banking law, together with the Federal State Bank of Issue beforo alluded to. It may moan all these, or any of them. But certain it is that our troubles are drawing us closer together us ono people, just as in every country under tlio sun federation has been less tho work of sentiment than of necessity. AVe can scarcely believe that any ono of tlio Premiers can bo responsible for the feoblo and foolish notion that a Gosclien or a Baring can do anything to help us. AVo know well enough what complaint wo suffer from, nnd wo need no ghosts to crtme from tiie gravo nor grandees from tho Lon don Stock Exchange to diagnose our disenso or prescribe a remedy. AVe have always had more knowledge of tlio right course than virtuo to adopt it. Economic living and hard work would soon pull us out of nil our trouble. AVo are not warranted in building any very large hopes on tiie fact of a trio of Premiers confabbing over their inutuul wants and woes ; yet . for ail that tho sign is n good one. But for New South AVnles, Australiau federation might by this timo have been an accomplished fact ; and Australia would now bo standing together as one peoplo, meeting its troubles without and within. Sir Georgo Dihhs had certainly a largo slidro in putting hack tiie hands of tlio federal clock. If the responsibilities of ollico havo sobered liim in this respect, and lie lias any suggestion to make towards expediting tiie advent of an Australian Union, tlio remembrance of his former sins is not likely to bar tho road to present repentance. There can scarcely ho a.quostion but what Australia as a nation could more speedily restore general prosperity and trade nativity than can be accomplished by tlio isolated colonics ; and if it should turn out that our financial embarrassments havo led us together as a peoplo into a just, firm and lasting federal union, the temporary trouble will hut prove a national hlossing in disguise. 