A REPORTERL'S ADVEN TURES. HOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAN WON HIS SWEETHEART. JTIIREE o'clock in the morning is m Vly uncanny hour the world orer except nt liolice headi|ii>irters or in the office of » morning nowppnper. and it wm in this 'atter place, nt, the hour named, that four or fire reporter*, rminc tent in all their copy and listened to tho foreman 'twear for fifteen minutes becauue he had two columns of ppacc and ton culumna of matter that "must go in," *at with their fcot on the tables and their chnirbaekn knocking tho plaetcring off, talking over the subject which is just ns new to-dny p.s t was when Adam doffed his benver mid said "How d'y'do!" to Ero. Kvcry fellow in the crowd was n bachelor, and ench ono w.ix informing the other in all •eriouencfs thnt ho should marry. " What for ?" intjuired Claude Brown of Frank .Tone?. " Because," replied Frank, " it's tho only proper way to live." *' A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in p'buttnl, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m. and leaving homo as coon as he got his 12 o'clock breakfasts" " But his wife would always know whero ho «-ne, and iT she didn't, xlioM know where. ever ho was after nn itom nnd had to be back nt the office on time," remarked Charlie Smith. 11 Well," put in Claudo, " if yon think it's puch n great snap, why don't you get married!'' „• ; . "Can't," said Charlie, vory positively. ■ .'-Whynotr • -"-;:™"-,1- •■■'-- v- ': ••' "Thundoration, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stngo plank !' How's a man to buy a house and lot wlion he can't buy n rliovel lull of dirt!" . "That's it,"interrupted Claude; "bow's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it? What's tho matter with marrying a rich Rirl!"- -V-. ..■ -.-• .-v. : ■■■:■■ : ;" Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. . " Plenty of tlicm. (Sirlswith money always need a disburaing agent, and they will truxt a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Bwidc*, what's tho good of her money if tho girl has her heart set on a hus band and can't get him ?°" Smith argned awhile against matrimony, and at hnlf past thrco started for home. Ho was thinking tho conversation over and ng he tmdjicd along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on»« log, but he was a very lonesome knot. Mis way led him through the aristocratic iiortion of tho city, and as ho pasted a fine houre, his reverie was disturbed by the fieculiar click cf a turning lock, and the matrimonial lino,of thought was knocked nil awry by the renortorial instinct, and he caw, instead uf a blushing, bloom ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar cracking a millionttiro s iiining-room anil making off with liia silvor. -lld thought of the beauti ful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if, tho burglar was nervous and WM* more anxious to ofien the door thnn he was topreservo the ordinary burglarious quiet.. The reporter scrutinised tho door closely and discovered that tJio robber was not on the outfido.btit was evidently within, and wax working his way out, and !ie felt a thud of oxcitoment at the thought of being ablo to capture, his man with the boodlo on his (icrson. 110 slipped his revolver out of his (KKkot, trained it on the door, and nn instant afterward tho door swung o|icii and Charlie was ready to cry. " throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghoul, came out. " It can't be a ghost," ho whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for gno»U don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it i«n't a ghost, what the douce is it! " He hadn't lung to wait, for whoever or whatover it was came out into tho vestibulo and down the ste|« slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, nrid when about half way to" the [lavement stopped. .■ " I'y ({"fry/ said the reporter, " it's a woman, and sheV got on a night gown. I'll have to see about this,"and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stop|>ed out of the shadow and spoke to Iho ghostly walker. • . " tiood' evening," ho said, nervously. "No, excuse me, 1 mean good morning. Jf you're going to market, maybe you'd better L'o back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlio would have been mote gallant, but this was anything but an ordinary affair, ami h« did'ut require nows ]iaper instinct to tell him to. Tho sheeted figure mado no reply, but moved again and camo toward him. Tho cold chills chased each other down his back and ho. looked for a policeman, with Die usual result. " Stand back," ho said, " this pi.nol ain't loaded, but it might go off." : But on it came, and Charlio found thathis legs wouldn't move, in spite of all ho could do to make them. One step more and ho stood fnco to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie mw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsomo one, and ho began to feet better. "1 beg your pardon,"he said, "butthe night air is cool, and you appear to bo dreseed rather lightly. li»n . I render you nny OMisUuicc. It there anyone in tlio liou&e; that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, step|iod to tho young woman's rido and gently took her by tho arm. She turned her fnco to him and then the myf tery was solved. " Another Amina," he said. "'La Son nambula' off the stage, with n reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is ago!" " I've got to take her in the house any how, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door and rang the bell, and rang it with n forty-horse jiower draft. - The next minuto the-beautiful sleep walker; was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. " What'n this!" lie ehoutod, making a grab nt Charlie's throat. "Shut die door, yon idiot," gurgled Cbarlic, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of pic temper tyrannic. "What does Hi in mean!" again shouted the young man, and the remainder of the family came tumbling downstair?, none of them fixed to fee company. " l«t go of me and chat that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. "You don't want, to raise tho neighbourhood and brinß 'be patrol waggon, do you !" " Somo of the other members of the family by this timo hud rescued the reporter and shut the door, and whiln tho mother nnd Uio porvnnts carried tho unconscious girl upstairs, Charlie told the father and sou how ho hail met the young lady and what the trouble was. Roth men knew him by sight, nml liiul met him on 'Change and cli- ewherc, anil it was not difficult to explain llippilunti.nl. Half .111 hour later tho reporter was at liomc, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty yirla and all sort* of romantic tiling. When ho reached the office next day a noto was waiting for him.and he waa invited to call that evening on the mother of the young lady. He called, of coumo. Hesaw tho mother; he s-ov tho daughter, blushing mid beauti ful, mid now if Charlie is n bachelor much longer then) will be a breach of proniieo suit orsomouther dreadful calamity, for Charlie's', mind ia mado up. , Lady (to shopman): " Why iio you call this the 'Natura puns'!'' Shopman : ' Because, madam, it abbors a raouua." 