UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. A NOVKr.. IJV .TI.I.SEI'H Uattox, Author of " Clytie." " By Order of the C/.ar, ' 1 • J oLii Need ham "i Oouble, :; • * Cr.iel Londcu, CHAPTKR TUK fiV.srKK^F.S or U !I.i)£IiN]>.- HHKKK. , . f . , . , Apart from thnnalural danger of that part nf the coast which was dominated l.y Demon s Rock, Kock. mariners had other reasoas reasons for einne giving the waters of Wilderness Creek a wide berth <irim and forbidding as are the thousand miles of the Atlantic coast of Labrador the region which mcludtd Nasquappe and Wilder ncss Crerk was a concentration of its horrors. Duriug countless ages the frosts and storms of j winter, like untiring sculptors, have been ! carving the rocks into fantastic: Bhapcs, ] nowhere more strange :-.nd weird than where '^y guard the navigable current that Keith I had discovered. Borne on the winds from this area of Nas- ! quappe, the creek, and Demon's Kock, sailors off i Labrador heard in the air and on the tops ; about the masts a great clamour of voices, contused and mixed, such r.s you msy hear from acrov/datafairorinamarket-place; whereupoa they knew that the Island of Demons was not far away. In the old charts it is marked with devils rampant, having horns and tails. sai . l °'\ of . tho^<JayS had woeful privileges round Cape Horn. They "had seen the phantom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy squalls sailing over sea and land; the Scotch " Meggie of the Shore." with her visions of spectral boats that were doomed ; and Tlie spectre-ship of Salem, with the dead men in her shrouds, ! T " e y '] !wi £ . een the demons of the storm, the j mermaid with her comb and glass, the seai serpent with his fiery eyes; they had spoken | dead men ghosts. With the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed stories that were half the truth and traditions that hold their place in poetry and romance. Whittier, the American poet, tells of a phantom ship which mariners a hundred years sgo would swear to. The young captain of the schooner visited the Labrador coast, j where in a secluded bay lived two beautiful | sisters with their Catholic mother. Both fell in love with the handsome skipper, who, however, was devoted to the younger of the two. She wa sshut up in her room by the mother just at the moment when Ehehadarranged to meet ber lover and fly with him. Her elder sister, profiting by her absence, went in her p'aee. and was carried out to sea in the skippti 's vessel. On learning the deception that had been practised upon him he returned to find his sweetheart dead, and no mere in life was saen followed of the skipper or his ship. But even yet at Seven Isle Bay Is told the ghastly tale Oi a weird unspoken sail. She Sits before no earthly blast, With the led sign fluttering from her mast," The ghost of the schooner Breeze. A noted legend of the adjacent Belle Isle was told in fo ; castle yarns in the days of which I am speaking; how Roberval had put on s th h rn ^ o f o f s S 3 • her lover whose conduct had scandalized him l ^ V , ^yag ' f V V?' selected t»„„™. for „ their punishment , the Island „ of i 1^ ™ hapra L the f i f D ?, 3 ' ^ sa,^fo c0ul l S S a^Tialg ^ tb e £T?, d gi'n of their fiery jaws ; and they tdlyo,u of the whiteness ^ P»"tv of n ? ° f sainte a,d of the th e .'f penitent lovers. But even these heaven-sent . r .. Z d ^ fe°/v^ the Lady Marguerite alone in the terrible ,Mldern(4 One day the smoke of a fire attracted some fishermen on a bright calm vo„fllr(v1 w „„ \ mi7 earS ' - j -ii These stories and many still more startling mysteries of the deep and its haunted coasts the sailors of the sea knew by heart. But they knew nothing of the realities Of Wilderness Creek, The fishermen who in the brief summer months carried off the harvests of the Labrador coast A. had 1 3 not L. the 4.1 remotest _, L :J idea of r tempting the tne demons demons of ot: Nasquappe JNasquappe or or the thf S ^ n * islands by a, tnj> beyon* the bumdaries of their fish stakes aud landing- stages. For years and years with the first signs of t -r<_„„„ jTi , S ^ ^ S t ? l ^ f / ^ f nf ^ ^ ^ y 4 ^om America and the West of England had ? alIed ho^e with their scaly treasures, some to be caught by hostile cruisers, some to go to the bottom perhaps, the larger proportion fortunately to find welcoming hands at ancient jetties and in picturesque seaports. When the St. Dennis, dashing into the broken waters that were white with foam one moment, black the next with the shadows of forbidding rocks, had in the hands of her daring pilot sailed into Wilderness Creek and found rest in the still, calm harbour, it was found that one of their company was missing. He had either remained on board the" Avenger with the Frenchman or had been drowned. Keith concluded that he had not met the latter fate, seeing that he must have been born to be hanged. This person was no other than Lester. Bentz, whose life had been spared at the intercession of Preedie that he might be made the drudge and butt of the ship. There was more vengeance in keeping him alive under such . • „ . , , . . circumstances, Preedie argued, than m giving him the quiet rest of the grave; and so Bentz had been spared, but only for what he concmved to be a living death, eec-ing that every 0 a y he expected Keith to cut him down or ; have him swung to the yardarm as he had seen the Hear- Admiral of the fishing fleet : swing above the fire. When, therefore, the ' opportunity came for a change of masters ' Bentz hid himself iu the hold of Ristack's unfortunate ship, and presently made friends with the Mossoos, who were taken in tow by the three-decker. St. George, and carried to Halifax, St. George had given up her chase .of Keith and his prize only when the chase led to shoals and rocks that were more dangerous than batteries of guns or the boarding- pikes of overwhelming numbers. She lay-to off Labrador the next day, and the weather having moderated, sent a boat of search for bodies or other signs of wrec- -nd disaster. The officer returned, having nuking to report beyond the well-known inaccessibility of the coastand the dangers that threatened even the bestmansged managed boat boi in the currents that swirl about tlie jutting rocks and crags that are as foot- ,il, I . s to th e frowning promontories that lift rWor their stnmiT stormy heads hnoila to In the tho rL-im. skies. When the Anne of Dartmouth made for Wilderness Creek after h6r emancipation from Hie command of Ristack, Bentz, by order of Preedie, had been confined to the hold, where he had remained until the ship was once more out at sea; but he had heard sufficient in the undisguised talk of the crew to enable him to give valuable information to the English Admiral; but His Lordship only regarded the revelations of Bentz as to au inland lake and a calm channel thereto passing through the broken and booming waters of the dangermarked coast as a sailor's yarn; and no attempt was made to test the truth of hu romantic story. Bentz being missed, Keith at once had tho entrance to Wilderness Creek barred with chains; and a similar precaution was taken in regard to the exit of the harbour. This accomplished he :•" his crew settled down to rest and for mu..ij.i counsel ar.1 recreation. The season was unusually mild. As a rule tho snow lies over Northern Labrador from September until -Tune. In tliits year of Keith's exploits September had come in mild and genial, with lovely autumn tints ashore and only moderate gales at sea. The wind thathad filled the sails of the St. Dennis was almost the first gale of the autumn. ' It had been succeeded by a spell of fair weather. The Eeason was indeed so uuusually mild thab it i.nabled them to explore the surrounding country, and in that garden of berries which Keith had discovered in his first wanderings about the coast they built a log liousa and cleared the land around it for cultivation. It was only the work of a weok to mike the place habitablo; and here Keith and Preedie and Nicol and Scot, and occasionally others of the crew, came to drink their grog and smoko and quaff the Frenchman's wine as they talked over their plans for the future. The days went by pleasantly enough, and knowing the history of their recent exploits it might have surprised any looker-oil to see how easily the men amused themselves, to hear ths genial songs they sung, and to listen to their yarns and stories of adventure. There was one old fellow of whoso talcs K' ith never tired. He had been mato to a pirate oautaiu with head quarters at Salem. No one in the quaint old town pretended to suspei:t his chief and owner, who lived in a many-gabled house overlooking the bay, and with a garden full of a --- — .— •-> - - -- vegetables and flowers. Tho pirate had a wife, hrew with her tongue and a cat with iier clawR ; ;ind when the ship put into Snlem sae would have the crew go up to the house to dis? .'iiid weed 4 " and it would have done your heart good, air, to liave seen that, worthy old dame in command. 15v the Lord, sir, we were more afeared of her angry eyo than all the hard words the captain gave us. We dug and slaved at that garden like any niggers ; everv time we c.-.ime asboro there w.ir a new plecu of l.iad to bring under cultivation ; they says a pirate's heartless and free, but give hi:n a female dipper on shore and see what she can make of the toughest of us." It was a standing joke with Keith to mimic the Salem dame and order the crew tu dig, even though they had no spades to tame the wilderness, and be was as pleased as a child when the o-irpenter brought along half a . dozen home-made spades and half a ciczen i of the crew went to work with them, j This '"idle waste of time," a? Donald ; Nicol called it, was not, however, allowed i to interfile with the taking of every precaution ' j for the full and complete protection of the ship. Although it was not likely that they | would have to meet any attack from tho land, ! Keith had huts built for sentinels commanding i the outlet from Demon's Rock ; and a poet of • uuHTvatiuu observation was woe LuiubiuuLcu constructed uu on tua the iMsuurii eastern 8ide of tho balbourj wher6 the seabirds bad for cental playtd the part of flying fiends and J demons j in the superstitious and _ j ? fictitious ljl,liu tlle ^ ^ oi ^ i ijt=ii of the coast of Labrador, ^^ ' the^i^nrs^^ran'eTTf 1 Bell Isle, and rook' and water'of ! RanH and chi™!* .and fmminr hills and fLr. sand and shingle, and frowning hills and fear some valleys. CHAPTER XX. ONE HIIE-VD ASD MANY I'OE-S. Keith had hoped to make one more trip before laying up for the winter. But he had a comrade's consideration for his men. They had behaved splendidly, even when most tiicy had reason to doubt his reamanship, and he was anxious not only to keep faith with them to the letter, but to give them what he called "a reight gude merrie time." They had Eigned articles of the most stringent if generous character. They were similar to those which Preedie had signed in the days of Hoyland. Every man had a votfi in the affairs of moment, bad an equal title to liquors and rations in times of pressure; prize-money j Wa^to be shared in propjrtio'ns'liid d^wn, ! ^ proper regard^ to potion and wages', from the captain to the humblest soul on board games of dice or cards for money where prohibited; lights were to be out at fixed times; no woman was allowed on board; all weapons were to be kept in clean and perfect ordei ; no quarrel was to be settled with arms on board ; duelling was discountenanced, and could only take place with the captain's permission, and then the meeting must be on Ehore; desertion in time of battle was to be punishable with death; equal severity to be zuetcd out for the crime of robbery; no man to retire from the servic-e until his share of booty amounted to at least one thousand pounds; injuries to a person in the service to b i compensated out of the common stock. This sum of a thousand pounds apiece had already been earned by the capture of the St. Dennis, after thi officers had received their proportionate shares, the captain taking three, an 3 the subordinate officers two and cue and a quarter. The men o r the Anne of Dartmouth who had signed ariioles with the rest wer more than content, and they were devoted to their new captain. The division of the spoil, the surveying o the ship, the excursions ashore, the gardening, the councils of war, and the extra nights o grog and merriment, made the time go a quickly as it was pleasant. But before th* month was ended, and on the eve of seriou thoughts of a last brief cruise bbfor? the winte r should set in, the wind changed, and the sno? came down in a blinding Btorm that wa 1 followed by keen frosts and icy blasts, such a* made it a very risky thing to engage in any further enterprises until the spring. It wa argued by some that inaction for six months a- Ieust would demoralize the crew; and Preedie suggested that it might be well to lift anchor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbour of New York, where they could ship the extra hands necessary tc complete manning of their new vessel. But Keith, with a Lvely faith .n the strength of England, while he was willing to war against her, hinted that neither Salem nor any other American port might be safe. Furthermore, the Americans would consider their capture of the St. Dennis an act of piracy in a flag flying the stars and stripes; and as for a cruise in the southern seas {also proposed by Preedie), he was for letting well alone; it was in Ihese latitudes that it should most satisfy them all to make their power felt. As for inaction, he planned out a continual fight- with winter to keep open a track to tne garden hut, and, moreover, there was plenty of work to be done in adapting the St. Dennis to their own tastes and requirements. He was ! for settling down into winter quarters, and those quarters the Harbourof Wilderness Creek. Whi' the qnution was being discussed, winter i:.-evened with barriers that left no option wi.. ,'ier the ship should sail or not. I The master of the frost and snow drew his strong chains across both entrance aud exit, The entrance was a little sea of ice. Jagged 1 rock and shining boulder were fringed with ! shining be^ds and pendants. Bergs began to j form in the waterways outside the creek, i Captain and crew accepted the inevitable, and . r . . . ' for such a company they passed the time in very wholesome fashion, ughting the snow and ice and putting the ship into perfect repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now and then debased by a debauch uf drink and ribald songs in which Keith would join with a wild, uncontrollable energy. He had, nevertheless, fits of despair, days and nights of speechless depression, followed by an unnatural activity. His cheeks grew thinner and thinner, his aspect more and more gaunt. In appearj ance he had put on a premature old age. Only : half through the allotted span of man, he was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had neverthelasa the brilliancy of youth. They sparkled in their cavernous depths. His thin hands were strong as eagle's claws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage, mingled with his straggling beard, white and brown—a mixture of youth and age. His dress was picturesque in its careless commonness,; a worn and ragged leather jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad buckled belt with knife and pistols, and a slouching hat of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange thin expressive fase open to sun and storm, defiant, wild, vengefuL ,r . , , , ^ . , He might have been made of iron, so little did he need or fear hardships of sport or march of sleepless nights and days of perilous work and bard. In his profane way of looking at things he : would say that God would not let him die of cold or heat, of steel orpoison, it was his will to torture him with ghosts and fit him for the lowest depths of the fiery pit, tor He had a grudge against him which nought he might do of good or evil made any account. Then he would steal away where no eye could see* him and weep bitter tears and pray In a blasphsmous manner, as one bereft. After this would cGme a calm, a tightening of the lips, and - a planning . - of - murderous - deeds of plunder and of vengeance. For the open part of two years Alan Keith and the St. Dennis led a charmed life. They were the scourge of the adjacent seas, and flew tiieir varied flags as far away as the Azores. Successful in every enterprise, they adjourned for occasional rest and safety to their landlocked fastness of Wilderness Creelc. John Preedie had ventured to sad a valuable Enggliih prize into Salem, where he was received with great rejoicing. Keith's lieutenant had ako succeeded in converting certain securities into current drafts. His letters from Plympton had also proved of great value. Plyir.ton's notes he had turned into gold— at a considerable discount it is true. Furthermore, he had made arrangements for the St. Dennis to go into port theie or at 15o-!cn whenever Bhe chose. A Washington auu.uiity had secured him a proper cammission for the St. Dennis. Hut Keith would not budge from Wilderness Creek. He had, however, early in the second season of his adventures as pirate and privateer, consented to the burying of the ship d remaining trea Kiirts. A party uf Micms.cs had bean seen off the southern shores of the creek, and with them, it was thought, an European officer. Furthermore Keith had had the misfortune to takes British money ship the very schooner with gold for the troops for which he had been on the look-out before her time last year. The schooner had tried to give the brigantine the slip, but Keith had overhauled her, and overmatched as the schooner was, she had nevertheless fought deep . N, and there hid been killed and wouuded on both sides. Keith, after taking out her money and permitting the rem.iinderof her crew to take to her boats, tjid burnt the ship. By the weird light of her flaming timbers the boats had been picked up by a British frigate, on her way to assist in the convoying of an East India, fleet. She took the schooner's men aboard and made for Halifax, where she landed them and reported the loss of the schooner. Heie she met the St. George about to sail, ana on board she carried Lester Bentz, whose secondhand knowledge of Keith's harbour had bepn under ss-rious consideration at the Admiralty, and who had been compelled to sail with the St. George.^ Fortunately or unfortunately for Alan Keith, Pat Doolan had succeeded in making bis escajje from the ship ou which he had been held to sail for England. He had got back to Halifax iu time to hear all about the doings of tho pirate Keith, as he was called by the Englishmen there, who rejoiced that arrangements were being made to take ljim and his ship. Pat had succeeded in getting on board a li.-hing-smack that was making her way into Labrador waters. Tliey had witnessed the fight between the schooner and the brigantine, and on her w.iy to Wilderness Creek Keith had thought it wise to bring the smack to in response to signals which Pat had caiatu iu ill le^yuuirc IAJ signals Wi suddenly exhibited without the pi . irnnssion 01 the muster. Pat, making himself known, was taken off to the great delight of K-.ith ; aud the St. Dennis began to drift towards Wilderness Creek, much to the anti}ni::h-nfint .jf tha fniack, that was studiously giving Dornon's Rock the justcraary wide b?rth maintains 1 ia all weathers by every carefal mariner. Th master watched the fateful ship plunge iut > the breakers, and all his hands atond aghast at the sight, unable to account for her seeming t > confound roclis and shoals and broken water for the navigable Mil. Some fiend, no doubi, had tak«n hold of the helm; while oihers beneath the keel had dragged her down ; for presently she disappeared without a sign. The men of the smack thanked their good fortunes that they were safe; aud Sandy Scot and his men gave a mighty ehctr of welcome ] when once more tbey saw the St. Dennis sail I into harbour. Pat Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to the ' heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt once discovered, they would soon be fnco to face with I Kngland afloat and ashore. If Micir.ao; had been ! set n, and with them an Europe.au officer, they 1 had best prepare for a fight to the death. | Bentz on board the St. George was a sign that their days of ease were over. It was resolved : to prepare for attack. Already there were j several graves near about the cutrance to the j cave of Demon's Rock. It was derided to add : to these five others, that should bo storehouses. They were to contain tho more bulky cf the Company's booty. Conditions and agreements were entered into as to the future in respect of survivors. Keith bad taken an extra bond of fate in secreting such of his store of money and securities as he thought beti to have under his personal control. This buried purse consisted of his own personal savings at Heart's Delight, the moneys entrusted to Preedie bv pjympton for their tnlerprise, his share of the Si*>auish haul at tho Azores, and smaller vtores of stones and scrip. Five brandy and wire Giled with baoty, to be redivided among the survivors, wer^ buried among the other graves. Upon the n were piled stor.cs and bould-.;rs in a careful formal manner, each grave with its cross anl rough record of names and ages. But the commander of the St. George hal no notion of making acauaintance with th= Harbour of Wilderness Creek. He discounted the Bentz romance sufficiently to steer clear of such nonsense as a secret bay ; but he was under the impression that thi-re might after all, for a Email ship, be steering way through the hitherto regarded as inaccessible rocks to the westward of Demon's Rock—perhaps by Belle Isle, and the ship navigating such a course being shielded by the hilly coast, and finding her way many miles out to theeastward. Keith bad taken an entirely exaggerated view of the possibilities which grew out of the information brought by Doolan. In order to clear the way for the exit from the haibaar, and also to give reality to the graves, the treasure-ship was piloted out and permitted to go to pieces on the rocks; and to this day there are remains of her still, wedged into the jagged foothills of the hieh torrs that appear to march along the shore headland upon headland one endless range upon range of stony dangers. Pat's story of the destructioa of Heart's Content and the carrying away of Plympton did not serve to cheer the lowering Bpirits of Alan Keith. And Sally Mumford and his Eon, what had become of them ? Pat had no news whatever of them. They had disappeared from his ken and knowledge from the moment the sqdgers marched into Backbay Valley and laid violent hands upon the settlement. He thought master Plympton had been able to give Sally considerable money, and that he bad advised her to make her way to Halifax. But the trouble had so taken hold of his mind that he did not lightly remember anything; and having been in the sea after his escape for a whole day and a night what he had really known bad got washed out of him, and that was a fact. It had been in his mind to find MisB Mumford and offer her marriage, so that he might have had authority to protect her and look after the boy; but whether he would ever have the chance to meet her again, that was a puzzle sure, though it was not a greater improbability than his having mot Master Alan Keith, the brave and mighty hero. The brave and mighty hero felt that he was doomed to a serious fall from the romantio heights to which he had soared in the imagination of Pat Doolan, and from the fairly safe position which he had hitherto considered secure at Wilderness Creek. Not that hs feared death. That might come when and how it liked. But he had a grim idea that he wa? doomed for all kinds of miseries ot captivity and torture, that he had for some untow^ri reason been marked down by fate or Heaven for black and cruel misfortune. After all was there a Divine and jealous God ? Had he offended the Majesty of Heaven in giving up the grand simplicity of the Scotch Cuurcb for false faith cf Father Lavello and for the selfish reason of being more acceptable to Plympton and his daughter? Keith brooded and drunk and drunk and brooded until he was in a fever of rage and v ; olence; and, as if moved by the very fate he dreaded, he ordered the St. Dennis to be once more made ready for se» The sight of Doolan had brought back to him pictures of hi3 happy days, and he seemed to hear whispered prayers in a dearly loved voice in the interest of little David. He commissioned Doolan to find his son, and thought of some provision for him that might be safe; and he undertook to put the Irishman ashore at seme favourable place or time for the purpose; butit was otherwise ordained. Leaving the southern outlet of Wilderness Creek the St. Dennis found herself under the surveillance of a frigate which presently madd sail towards St. John's, possibly on convoy work, for the fishing ships were once more sailing into Newfoundland waters. Keith's prime object wrs to put Doolan ashore, and Boston was thought to be his best port. The St. Dennis made for Boston, but before sundown found her course barred by that very three-decker from which she had" escaped in her earliest adventure under Keith. Bearing down from the north, and now fairly in sight was the frigate they had observed early in the day exchanging with ber British eignals, which had, however, not deceived her. Keith changed hi3 course and made for the Bahamas; and now began a chase, in which the brilliant seamanship of the captains was only equalled by the sailing qualities of their ships. They were three graces of the sea, the three-decker playing the magnificent part of Juno. At sundown the frigate flung a shot squarely into the lower rigging of the St. Dennis, and the three-decker stood by to watch the fight; for the St. Dennis was within range. Keith had not been idle. 'He had manoeuvred his ship so as to get broadside on, and hardly had he roared down the main hatchway "Fire" than the St. Dennis trembled from keel to topmast with the explosion ; that was Keith's response to the challenge of his adversary. When the smoke cleared it was seen that the frigate's mainmast had fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. jJJSbo, my lads," shouted Keith, "at her again while she's tekk'nup wi'sails—noo, lads, wear ship—this time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, ah < that's it: by the Lord she'll wish she were back i* Halifax 1" The brigantine broke out into thunder and lightning, and the frigate was sorely smitten with the bolts. Her sails were in rags; one of her two remaining masts were shattered. " By the Lord, her deck's a cemetery, shouted Keith ; " stand by, boarders ! the George is nae longer lookin' oa." The thrce-decker had nc i dsa cf continuing to play the generous part (>>« hid elected to observe at tne beginning of H Regarding the two vessels as well a-j-vijfc.id. the Vice- Admiral was willing to let rbe frigate have the glory of the contest and capture; but the frigate was so hard hit that duty had now to give place to sentiment, and before Keith had barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and the brigantine reeled under the blow that struck her fore and aft. As the sun dropped into the sea night came on almost like the dropping of a curtain, but not before the brigantine had sustained the ehock of a second broadside from the St. George, directed with terrible an-3 iatal skill. The brigantine was literally crashed under the weight of the murderous hail.If thedarkness had been somewhat delayed the St. Dennis might have been saved by the foe, and no doubt would have been, not only in a spirit of humanity but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring master. Knowing the danger of the waters into which they had followed the retreating brigantine, the three- decker and the frigate hail stood out for the open sea. During the night the brigantine drifted upon the coral reefs of the Bahamas, and every eouI except one was lost. Jle rose up from the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure, with bleeding feet and hands torn upon the reefs stood forth in the night—blinded with spray, deaf with the cries of the dying and rush and roar of the waters. When morning broke the St. George sent off ber pinnace to the reefs, but the ship was already breaking up, and no living soul oould be seen, only a few floating bodies which the sea had not yet released from the spikes and spurs of the coral reefs. But on the barren shores of Abaco, before the day was over, that same grim figure with the bleeding feet and hands all torn fighting with the living rocks, rose up once more and walked iu a world of mocking sunshine. 