CHINA HfLANDT MISSION:" LETTEB FEbM fftsr. JOHN SOUTHET. r— : \ Pabt B — (Canlin'utd) 3 Pbkaciiing undki: Difficulties at . — ta-pa-u; i About three 'miles due north of this city is a little place called TajjaJh, This is merely a collection of farm houses; but as' there are a few Christians living in the neighbourhood, an enort nas Deen recently maae to noiu nn evangelistic service there everv Sunday afternoon, and the idea is to have it: worked entirely by volunteers from among the native Clinstians. One Sunday afternoon I accompanied one of them, as I was anxious to see how the services were conducted. My com panion, who is a tailor, has been a Christian for about fifteen1 'years,! and; like . tho - great a majority y.qi; Chinese Christians, has passed through ' many trials. The walk was through J country every inch of : which wjis - cultivated, some with wheat, .arid, a great deal, alas! with the! : deadly :but ; beautiful poppy'; and as T walked alohg and saw acre after- acre which 'ought- - to be yielding- life-sue taming: crops, -planted with a body, soul, and spirit-destroying crop, I could- not help being doubly saddened by reflectingithat but-'for- my own country; :: v .' kot:ak-acbe of poppies:' ' would have been grown on Chinese soil. On arriving Jat tbe .'horise' bf the Christian where the service was 'to be held, tea was set before ns ;: and while we were drinking it, one ; of 1the men went 'round' to" !all the" neighboriririg nouses anu mviteu au .wnuui ne . cuuiu find to the; service." : As it happeried, it' wa3 the busy season with the opiuin crop, -men' and'woriien in every , dfrec- tion being busily employed in opening the poppy-head' and scooping hut the opium, so that" Hardly anyorie ; xe- sponded. However, all' the .Christiaris "of the place were there, and three or four outsiders; besides'which t>assers/hy would from 'tiine to timestop and. listen; As the house was; too small ' even ' for 'such a'small congregatiori; the' service was held outside, and after' prayer my companion read, the first 26 verses of the fourth chapter of St. John's GoSpel, and then expoimded it. It was an ad-, mirable adresS, ' full of gajpt , and illustration; and showed' traces.'bf rip little original thought. Spirietimes Chinese speakere are apt to wander on soriiewhat: aiirilessly,' ' and their addresses lack in point ;' but this was really a forceful, well- thoughtfout ex position. When he. had finished, ' ono of the 'local Christiaris stood 'up arid, spoke, but as he was not a, clear, speaker, I conld not . understand much of what 'he i said,; ' ThP suiTOttridings were all thoroughly Chinese, the outside women who were present,1 going '.on with, their sewing, and occasionally shouting to' their friends in the'.distance, the men smoking their long pipes, ' and the children, .some of' them none too clean, running! arid tumbling' ; about among the little gathering as uncon cerned as possible. : - Practical Bf-flections. . Tins is a .very brief outline of Ha'h- chong-fii and its .work. Day by day, amid joy and sorrow, . blessing . and .trials, encouragements and discourage ments, the .workers plod on. Probably far more than at home, some portions Epistles are realised, for in an. infant Church, but newly gathered out from generations or heathendom, with its well-nigh obliterated moral sense, there are questions constantly coming up for solution, which; by sheer force of cir cumstances, cannot present themselves to the older Churches. A practically dead conscience is not quickened into perfect Christian sensitiveness in one day. nor in one year ; and' only little by little does, the regenerated heathen grasp even those' elementary moral principles which are by the very force of heredity the birthright of dweliers in fully evangelised lands;' Only little by little ore. the .exceeding broad com mandments of ' ;(hxl learned, Tand only little by little is the beauty of,' holiriees', louolring iis "it dbeslthe thoughts, the. wprds, and the' smallest j actions' '.of thp dmly 'toej grasped, arid by' the pi&wer; of the Holy Ghost mariifested in the life. Sorely, sorely are' they tried by theg1 coristrint 'iritercourse with heathen- relatives arid." neighbours. Is ;it to be 'wbridered' at)' then, that we sometimes have to grieve over the leaving , of the first love, over hack- sliding, and over slowlgrowth ? 