ThE Kyzhrzm Frzz Przss, Vox Popdli Vox Dei.’ Friday, Sept, :8th, 1S93. A definite move lias been made in re gard to the proposed severance of a por tion of the Kyabrain riding from the Rodney Shire and annexation to the Dealcin Shire. The necessary two third’s majority of the ratepayers has been obtained, and the petition trans mitted to the Hon. W. T. Webb. Pro bably the reply of the Minister will be received in time for the matter to be discussed at the next meeting of the Deakiu Shire Council. A lengthy con tribution on. this subject will appear in our next issue. Mr J. Tehan lias received the follow ing letter from Mr T. Murphy, M.L.A., which was sent to him by the deputy postmaster-general re the proposed mail service alterations :—“ I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a petition, presented by you, from Messrs J. Tehan, J. Allan, Chas. Bollinger, and other residents of Kyabrain, urging an altera tion in the mail service between Kya bram and Meehan’s, and 1 beg to state that the matter shall receive considera tion.” "We would again remind our readers of the grand social to be held in the Mechanics’ Hall, in aid of the institute, on the evening of Wednesday, Sept. 2Cth. The event promises to be a most enjoyable affair, and those who fail to become members of the local institute before to-morrow (Saturday) in order to be privileged to buy a social ticket, will have only themselves to blame for mis sing such a treat. The composition of the committee (Messrs T. G. Unitt, J. E. Edis, junr., A. E. Tulloh, T. E. | Richards and L. J. Keegan) is a suf j ficient guarantee that so far as provision I for amusement and genuine enjoyment is concerned, nothing will be wanting. Our advice to one and all is to get a member’s ticket for the library at once, and then get a 2/6 ticket for the social;' and participate in the evening’s enjoy ment on the 20th. On the following Wednesday (27th inst.), yet another treat is in store for the public, when the choral club are to give a grand vocal entertainment in aid of the library funds. This musical society is renowned for its talent and we venture to «ay that those who fail to attend th« concert, will, after hearing the encomiums of others who did, never forgive themselves for their neg ligence. Mr S. Grey, watchmaker, hairdresser and tobacconist, Ivyabram, announces that he repairs watches, clocks and jewellery at Melbourne prices, and after unsatisfactory repairs elsewhere requests to be given a trial. Mr Thos. Hogan, Tatura, announces in this issue that his pure bred stallion, Royal Charlie, will stand this season at his farm, Tatura, and travel through Baldwinsvillc, Merrigum, Kyabram Undera, Girgaree and Toolamba. An inspection of Royal Charlie’s pedigree will show that, he lias cpme of first class stock, and he has also proved him self a champion prize stock getter. See advt. Signor Bragato, the; expert, is to lec ture in the Mechanics’ Hall on Tuesday evening next, under the auspices of the local Vine and Fruitgrowers’ Associa tion, This gentleman is credited, as having' a first-class training in the cultivation of the vine and wine-making, and in the growth of special products, and there should be a large attendance to hear him. Messrs Q. H. Bishop, J. Bishop, and J. Burton sent their third instalment of hares and rabbits to the metropolis this week for the relief of the unemployed, making in all over-100 that they have sent up to the present. This is an ex ample that many other shootists might follow, and it would not bo a bad idea for the gun clubs to take note of it and perform a double usefulness by des troying the vermin and helping the un employed. As we have mentioned be fore the railway department carry the carcases free of charge. The following letter has been received by Mr David Archibald from a Mel bourne friend re some valuable poultry imported for him :—I hare sent you the pair of silver grey dorkings, imported by me ex S.S. Thermopyhe. The cock is bred by Mr Jas. Crainpton, Dumfries, Scotland, and cost £5 as a chicken. He is a good winner at home, being a first prize winner at Barshead, Beitli and Stewartson ; also a great many other prizes, never being out of the first three. The hen was bred by R. Logan, Paisley, and is also a prize winner at Johnson and Paisley.—Win. M‘Kay. At the meeting of the Tongala gun club on Saturday last 15 shootists turned up and killed 174 hares and rab bits. J. Stewart had top score with 21, and J. Taylor next with 20. Up to the present the club has destroyed nearly a thousand, which clearly shows the good work being done by gun clnbs in the destruction of vermin. It is to be hoped the proposal to include hares in the vermin act will soon be given effect to by parliament, when the councils will be enabled to give monetary as sistance to gun clubs. We have been requested to state that the next meet ing of the club will take place at Mr Dan. M‘Leod’s farm, Tongala, to-mor row (Saturday). This is a time for all dogs to take to mourning, as a prominent one of their number in Kyabram has given up the ghost. We refer to Const. Keegan’s “ Scamp,” which, as an intelligent and clever dog, was almost unrivalled. He could do almost anything from a “fancy trick” to going into a shop and, em bezzling a package of tnmbloro, make olf with it. The proper place for him was certainly in safe keeping at the police station. He was a well bred and valuable dog. Asa result of Mr John Edis’, senr. visit to the Royal Agricultural Society’s Show, held at Flemington during last week, a couple of prize Jersey cattle have been introduced into into the dis trict. We had the pleasure of inspect ing these cattle on Monday evening, on their arrival at the local station, and cannot find a better way of expressing our opinion of them than to use a by stander’s phrase—“ A couple of little beauties.” One is a two-year-old heifer, which took a first prize and also carried off the championship of the yards in its class, whilst the other, a yearling bull, is also a prize-taker. The price paid for the heifer ran into three figures, whilst a sum approaching that was also paid for the bull. Mr Edis is to be con gratulated on introducing such valuable and well-bred animals into the district, as it is by this means the quality of stock can be improved. It is certainly gratifying to note that we have stock breeders of both horses and cattle in our midst that can uphold the prestige of the Goulburn Valley, at the leading show in Victoria, viz., the Royal Show at Melbourne. We notice that in draught stock Mr Joseph Tweedle, of Balkamah, won the Sire’s Produce Stakes, both for colts and fillies one year old, also the Challenge Cup with his two‘year-old colt “ Latest Fashion,” also first with each in the open sections. The dams of three were bred and purchased from Mr John Tweedle, “ Koynga Vale,” which victory again proves the good old adage that “ blood will tell.” In short horns the first prize yearling heifer, viz., “ Oxford’s Favorite,” allowed by compe tent judges to have been one of the best lxeifers seen in Melbourne for years past, was won by “Count of Oxford II,” which bull was purchased from the Hon. W, M‘Cullocli at great cost for the “Koyuga Vale” herd. Oxford Royal II, the second prize animal in his class, who de feated representatives from the cele brated herds of the Hon. Mr Angus, South Australia, and Sir Wm. John Clarke, “Bolinda Vale,” was also by “ Count of Oxford II,” and bred by the exhibitor, Mr John Tweedle, “ Koyuga Vale,” Tongala. At the auction sales on Thursday last, Mr Tweedle sold five young bulls, from seven to twelve months old, in the midst ot the present depres sion, averaging £18 each. Tenders are invited by the Shire of Dcaltin for the erection of offices both in brick and timber. The object in calling alternate tenders is to find out the differ ence in price between a brick and wooden building. Plans, etc., may be seen on application to the engineer, Mr Meldrum, at the temporary shire office at Mangan’s hotel, Tongala. On Tuesday evening last Mr J. Aitkens was nominated captain in lieu of Mr J. T. Reid resigned. The uni- forms for the members have now ar- rived, and in future our firemen will ap- pear in proper attire.. MR T. B. TALINTYRE (our local photographer) is prepared to do work artis- tically at the cheapest rates—Cabinets, 12/6 doz. ; carte de visite, 7/6 doz., and boudiors, three for 12/-. Give him a call.—[ADVT]. On Wednesday Mr J. C. Smith, Grand Sec. I.O.O.F., accompanied by Messrs Joseph Strachan, D.D.G.M., and M. Gray, passed . through Kyabram by the'afternoon train en route to Tatura. The Grand Secretary was unable to leave Echuca by the early train, and was thus prevented from staying here. The visit to Tatura was of special signifi cance, the purpose being to recusitate the lodge there. The annual meeting of the Kyabram Cricket Club was held at M'Clusky’s hotel last evening, the president Mr G. H. Bishop, in the chair. There was. such a poor attendance that it was re solved to adjourn the meeting to the 16th inst. to give the members another opportunity of attendingand re-forming the club. That such apathy- should, be shown in the matter is, indeed, a great pity, and if it were not for the ener getic secretary, Mr W. Adams, we doubt if there would be any cricketing at all in Kyabram. For shame, Kyab- ram, to so neglect the “game of games.” The portrait taken by Mr Talintyre, on Wednesday afternoon, of the Wes- leyan Sunday School picnicing party, is indeed a splendid picture. The faces of the children are excellently brought out, and the teachers and parents also find place in the photograph. The price is only 2s each, and 3s enamelled. We regret to hare to chronicle the death of Mrs J. Hendry, which sad event took place on Friday last. It ap pears the deceased had been ailing for some time, being consumptive, and was just recovering from an attack of the prevailing epidemic—the measles. The recovery, however, was not satisfactory, as the attack left evil results in its train, dropsy setting in, which combined with previous , weakness, caused her death. The services of Dr. Wickens were sum- moned, but medical skill was unavaling, considering the patient’s then low state of health. The funeral took place on Sunday last, the remains being removed to the Tatura cemetery, whither a num- ber of friends proceeded to pay their last respects to the deceased. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr G. H. Bishop, and {the service at the grave was conducted by Mr Moore, of the Church of Christ, Tatura. Mr B. K. Goddard, secretary Kyabram rifle club, has received a reply from Mr F. Riley, Rushworth club, accepting the challenge to a match at the Rushworth butts on the 27th Sept. The following will comprise the local team, who are re- quested to turn up' for practice at the local butts, in order that they may give a good account of themselves at Rush worth:—Messrs B. K Goddard, W. H. M'Cartncy, W. Downs, J. Hayes, P. Mnlcahey, H. Bradley, G. Lilford, and H. Wells (emergency). Arrangements are to be made to ride or drive to Rush worth and they will be required to reach thereat 12 o’clock noon. * MONEY.—Our local commission agents B. St. J. Mitchell, wishes to intimate that he is prepared to arrange for advances on free hold and leasehold pr&pertieB; in any sum, from £300 upwards at lowest current rates of interest for long or short terms. Any business entrusted to him will be negotiated with the utmost possible despatch. 