POINTS. Thiibb cheap prepaid advertisements of 15 words for ono shilling in tho Telegraph. See . special advertisement. It was stated at u church mooting in .South Brisbano last night that ti great deal of animal hoafc wus generated iu tlio South Brisbane Munioiptil Chambers. Tim Groy street Congi'ogationalists liavo re built thoir church above' flood murk, iu Vulture street. , Now tlioy aro in a difficulty as to what nam# they shall give their church. TitnnB is an unpleasant connection between tho vulture and tho carcase, so "Vulture Blreot " is not favoured as a liiimo. Somk suggest Unit the much-flooded ohurch should be called "The Ark," or elso it might ' bo styled "Mount Ararat," after the land on which tlio ark stranded after tho flood. Call "A day's march nonror," &c.; A Tit Bit. — A man lias boen committed for trial in Sydney on a charge of biting oft' a. woman's nose. In ono way or another all the spare coins are boing gathered lip for tbo hospitals. By tho jimo all tlio proposed concerts have- been hold in aid of tho institution, pleasure- seekers will relish somo other form of amuse ment. It is a long timo sinco tlio Brisbano Hos pital Coiumittco liod such u ohcorful outlook. That grim overdraft no longer haunts them vory uullko a ghost. Divisional boards whoso ourront accounts were locked up in the Queensland Nationul Bank are now i'reo to draw upon them. Tun dolivory of tho financial statement occupied about 10O minutes. Mr. N ULSON lias shown that Quccnslandcrs aro becoming soberer; but is this a consoquonco of their being poorer. Tub Treasurer's roferenco to tho liquor trade was one of tlio most interesting portions of his statement. An unsuccessful candidate for tlio represen tation of a northern constituency joined the Good Templars about tho timo of tbo election. Hij visited Camoowcul, however, and amid;, tlio dismal' surroundings ho vory naturally got ' drunk. _ Fon this offence, so pardonable under ths oircumstances, tlio Good Tomplurs mid also the. People's Parliamentary Assooiation of u Gulf township have passed hint out. At Eton on tbo 19th instant a Chinaman named Ah Suo was convicted on two charges of soiling opium to uborigiunls at Nebo and fined £7 17o. Gd. Siu Gbouou Dinus 13 going to establish a sinking fund. Ahem. Thought tho country hud onougli of tiieni. V/lint is wanted is a rising fund. Hr, is not, going to let Parliament play " tlio penitent lliief" business by doing a lot of work in tlio hist session, and that u short ono. Where did ho learn that tho thiof was not penitent till ho was dying ? Georgo has boon reading his Biblo languidly. Mendeiis of tho Assembly, when tho amounts . of tho costs iu connection with tho Robb arbi tration wise wero made known yesterday, whistled with astonishment. "How thoy tittered, how tlioy laughed," when Mr. Nelson intimated that it was not proposed to reduce tho salaries of Ministers. Ministeos' salaries, tlio Treasurer said in effect, are not excessive whon compared with those of Ministers elsewhere, and of, soma officials of (Jio colony not weighted with such responsibilities as mcmbors of tho Government. Ann. Jones may ho credited with having nutdo tlio most contradictory speech on tho Main street culvert question over made in Munioiptil Chambers. Hk first of ull said thalthero wus nothing to- justify the action of tho council in cutting up tho road in the way it had boon dono, followed it up with argumonta, and then said that tho Mayor cotild not liavo noted in any other way than ho did. Hi: followed his second nsaortion up with argumonta, and tlien pointed' ont that it was-no nso thinking that the Ernest street ferry could ' carry all tlio traffio to North Brisbane. Tick tail end of tho 'discussion on the Moan street culvert iu the South Brisbano Council mooting yosterday made tho wholo thing appour as ail act of retaliation. It would appear that tho nolico board, directing porsons to tbo Kangaroo Point ferry, was the cuusc of tho wholo difficulty. It was funny thut tiio aldermen aliauld laugh whon tho Mayor said ho would like to seo tho' work of repairing tho culvert pushed on us fust us possible. Tin: "Government Gazette" still gravely announces that an ollioo for the transaction of all business connected with tho Government Labour Bureau is "now open iu tho Queens land Morcantilo Buildings, Adoluido street." Fon some timo past tlio offico lins boon re moved to Elizabeth street. Will somo Chamber of Commcrco orator adviso tluit tlio brumbies of this country he caught, killed, ourcil, and convoyed to the continent, as good liurso hoof suitablo for army purposes ? What starvation rates to give for drafting hills for Parliamont. Oh, lor ! 