BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OF QUEENSLAND. '' THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings of tho Baptist Associa- tion of Queensland wero continued yesterday in the City Tabernacle Schoolroom, the Rev. W. Whale presiding. At 9.30 a.m. a devotional moating was held, after which the business sossion com- menced. A telegram was read convoying the greetings of the Baptist Union of Now South Wales, and a resolution was passed dirooting a rewprooal reply. It was resolved to Bend tho grootings of the association to the sister asso- ciation now meeting in Adelaide. The president was directed to convey fraternal greotings to tho Congregational Union now in session at Wharf-Btreet Church. VlBITOIIfl., Rev. W. V. Young, now connected with the New South Wales union, and Mr. Barge, of Melbourne, were welcomed as visitors. ELECTION OF OFpicisns, The election of officors took place, with the following result :-Vice- president,1 Mr. James Grimes ; treasurer, Mr. W. C. Poole ; soorotary, Rev. W. Higlett; commit too, Messrs. A. Grimes, J. Low, D. W. Massey, T. Budd, H. G. Cray, D. Webster, J. Noble, W. Prideaux, J. Turner, Jonah Walker, W. Knight, and W. Kent, with the ministers of the associated churches. " QUEENSLAND BAPTIST." Rev. W. Whale was requoatcd to continue to' act as editor for the year 1894. Arrangements for publishing were loft with Reva. W. Whale1 and W. Higlott. A sum of £10 Was votod to Rev. W. Higlott for his services as publisher during the year. LnrTEiiH FBOM ran CmmcrtES. , A digest of letters from the Associated Churches was read. Jireh showed steady and most cheering results of the labours of its venerable pastor. During the year nome thirty members of the Jireh Church, resident ,at tho Albion, wero formed into a separate church. A considerable deficiency in the income of the church had been in some measure overcome by the pastor submitting to a reduotion in his already small salary. Apart from this embar- rassment the work generally was very ohcering, all the societies and agencies being in full vigour, and tho spiritual tone of the church encouraging. A very notioeable in- crease was apparent in the Sunday school. Townsville wrote full of hopefulness. Not- withstanding the many severe difficulties they had encountered, they had stuck to their work with commendable faithfulness, and were now looking forward to brighter times. The services had been well attended and rich blessings poured upon the earnest ministration of the pastor. Two Sunday schools continued to thrive and prosper. Toowoomba told of a small increase in membership, but a slight de- crease in amount of contributions. They, re ported good work at the out stations, Highfields and Murphy's Creek. Vulture-street reported increase of membership and signs of vigorous life in all departments. Special reference was feelingly made to the loss sustained by the death, at the ripe age of 61 years, of Mrs. J. Webster, one of the oldest and most respected of our denomination in Queensland. Re- ference was also made to the fact that the branch church at Thompson Estate was again under the care of the mother church, whilst the church at Fairfield continued its good work under the able supprvision of Mr. George Grimes. Windsor-road sent a glowing report of their progress for the past year. Several very successful revival missions hod been held with the result that some thirty-seven had been added to their membership this year. The, churoh at Hendra were grateful for lay help, and mentioned the speoial assistance rendered by Mr. Carl Gerler in the matter of house-to-house visitation. Cottage and maternal meetings had proved a great service and bless- ing to the church. Good work was going on in the Sabbath school, several senior scholars having decided for Christ. All agencies were in good working order. Rockhampton re- gretted a falling off in membership. Rosewood .wrote in a vigorous strain, telling of cheering signs in the Sunday school and of the good results of a Bible class- At Marburg the attendances were very gratifying, and good work was being done amongst tbe Germans at that place. At Grandchester a service was being conducted at the residence of the school- master ; the attendance was stated- to be very large, and thero was a prospect that a church would soon bo needed to carry on extended operations. At Boonah a service was con- ducted every three months, and here the people were anxious to have a church of their own. Ipswich stated there was much cause for thankfulness for the manner in whioh the work had been sustained. The work at Dinmore wont steadily on. Freestone and Swan Creeks reported a falling off in attendance, and a slight division among the workers by reason of others being in the field. A bright and cheery report carne from the Rev. Carl Krueger,- of Engelsburg. Tho Sunday services had been well attendod, and the interest well maintained, the Sunday evening meetings being frequently addressed by three or four brothron, and this seomod to be much appreciated by the people. They were now con- sidering tho erection of another church some three miles distant, for whioh tenders would bo shortly called. The City Tabornaole reportad a slight increase increase of membership, though owing to removals tho working strength remained about the same. Tho Christian Endeavour Class was not only proving a blessing to its members, but was having a good influence on the whole Church. Tho most difficult problem of the Church was to secure the attendance of non ohurohgoers on Sunday evenings without resot'ting to sonsational attractions. They we're resolved to continue patiently on the old lines, and trust God for tho result. The dif- ferent sooieti.es conncoted with tho church were working well. Tho Sunday school achieved unusual success in the Sunday School Union examinations. The preaohing stations were oarried on as usual, that at Taringa being specially hopeful. Finances had suffered in common with those of other ohurohes, but the spiritual tone had not declined. A letter of sympathy was direoted to be sent to the Rev. W. Richer in his illness. The meeting then prooeeded with tho re- vision of the constitution until the adjournment for lunch. CoNixnENCE ox Rnvivu. SEHVICES. Tho afternoon session was devbted to a conference on " Revival Servioes." Mr. James Grimes presided, and thero was a fair atten- dance. Tho Rev. E. BARNETT, of Toowoomba(l read a papor on tho need of revival services. Ho said that by revival ho meant spiritual quiokoning, religious awakening, the religious life of'tho believer quickened nnd deepened, and sinnors brought by tho power of the Holy Ghost into a state of salvation. Lovo to God might cool, and the spirit of oonseoration and devotion sink into a condition of lukewarmnass and sheer itidifferenoe. By rovival in the individual caso the old love was quiakonod, and the old consecration renewed. Thero had been many rovivals when ohurohes and individuals, who had boen spiritually asleep for years had been awakened, and those .who sat at aase in Zion awakened and sinners saved by a graaious out- pouring of the Holy_ Spirit. The nood of such revivals and of servioes for tho special object of seeking a revival, no true Christian would question. Ho referred to the rovival on tho day of Pentecost as tho typical revival in the history of Christianity. Every spiritual revival had boen in answer to earnest prayer. A revival would never oome unless preceded by earnost, united, and persistent prayer. As in- dividual Christians and churches, they must got nearor to God. If tho ohurohes wero to arrange for special meetings, at whioh the tostimony of beliovers could bo heard, great blessing would follow from on High. The Burnett on tho' matter being a typical revival, it was rather the commencement of a new Christian era. Ho spoke of the great need ot a revival both among individuals and churches. The Rov. Mr. HIOLRTT Baid that, with tho oxception of a fow ohurohes, there had n«î been much progress made. Thora was, therefore, great nood of a revival. What was mainly wanted was a recognition of tho Soriptural order of tho evangeliats. Woro they not neglooting in this oolony a divine appointment that Christ gave to His churoh. Several others took part in the discussion. Tho Rev. J. KINGSFORD road a paper dealing with the mothods of rovivals. In tho course of his remarks, ho said that although growth might not bo apparent in some of the churches, that growth was probably going on all tho same. Ho made reference to the excitement whioh sometimes prevailed during-. the special evangelistio meeting eonduotcd by imported evangelists ; an excitement whioh died away as soon as the evangelist disappeared. He had little faith in spasmodic efforts which brought forth much cry and very little wool, much flesh and little spirit. Tho mothods of rovival needed wero clearly sot forth in the Bible, and none other than those would be followed by much good. He believed in special evangelistic meetings boing oonducted by their own pastors, their own brothers and sisters, although outside assistance specially suited to the requirements of the meetings should not bo dospised. The Rev. W. POOLE spoke on the dangers of revivals. One of these dangers was that I revivals sometimes led tho people to under- value the ordinary means of grace. If thq ministers could lift up all their services to the power of special services, one of the dangers in connection with revivals would bo avoided. Another danger of revival services was that they wore apt to engender an emotional piety, founded not on knowledge, but on feeling. After tho timo of rovival services was over, it was too often found that those who had been gathered in were utterly discontented with the ordinary services of the sanctuary; they did not want to be instructed, but to be ever- lastingly stimulated. A third danger was that revival services had a tendency to make them depend too much upon human and too little upon Divine aid. The Rev. Mr. WELLER stated that at Hendra 7 a.m. prayer meetings on Sundays had been very successful. He asked tho officers of the ohurohes to be more diligent in their work. Consistent earnest prayer, and attention to detail in all Church work, was muoh wanted. If those wore faithfully followed, the next year would be marked by one of the greatest revivals the colony of Queensland had ever Witnessed. The Rev. J. ALEXANDER said a word in favour of the employment of the travelling evangelist. Ho thoroughly agreed with what Mr. Poole had said, but he pointed out that there were many instances of great good having resulted from special evangelistio effort. The Rev. W. HIOLETT did not think it would be impossible to find twenty men and women among the Baptists of Queensland to each guarantee £10 ¿luring the next year to defray in soma measure the expenses of a travelling evangelist, who would visit not only the churches but also distriots where there were no churches. Tea was provided for ministers and delegates at 5.30 p.m. , At 8 o'clook a publio meeting wijs held, when after devotional exeroises a sermon was preached by the Rev. E. R. MAKIN, from Romans vii!., 28, " We know that all things work together for good to them that love God." Only goflly people, said the preacher, love God, and what- ever their diversities of creed, all true Christians agree in this, that _tboy love God. All things work in God's universe, he said, and all things work together. The apparent confusion and opposition were only apparent, not real. ^Tben all things work togethei for good, and this was always spiritual good, and sometimes the lesser or temporal good also. It required faith to realise that this was true now ; but it was in the present tense, and the issue would prove its truth. The proceedings closed with a communion service of the associated churches. 