DIOCESE OF SALE. (From our own Correspondent.) The following Lenten Pastoral Letter for 1893 was read on Sunday last in St. Mary's Cathedral and other churches of the diocese:— JAMES TEANCIS, y Divine Grace and Favourjof the Holy Apostolic See, BISHOP OF SALE, To the Clergy and Faithful of the Diocese. Dearly Beloved in Jesus Christ,—We re again drawing near to the holy eason of Lent. The Catholic Church, hich, like its Divine h a t i s i n m a n > a n d understands Founder, what knows is f o r o u r g o o d b e t t e r t t a n w c d f > o u r. selves, has moBt wisely fixed certain times of special retirement and devotion, hen, by prayer and meditation, and penitential acts, wemay wash off the dust and uncleanness which settles down upon our souls in the busy work of life, and thus be made capable of rising to celestial thoughts and desires. For the soul of man, as spiritual writers tell us, is like unto a feather, which, when clean and pure, is lifted up by the slightest* breath of air, but when soiled and clogged with dirt, is unmoved by the strongest wind. So the soul of man, when stained and soiled by the cares and attachments of the world, is fastened down to earthly things; but wheh cleansed and purified by prayer and penance, is easily moved and lifted up by the spirit of God. Would you wish to torn to God with sincerity and effect P Turn voor eyes 10 J esus Christ in the desert. His example will instruct you what is necessary 10 constitute a true oonvertion. He mires from the world. He prays; He fasW, and resist* the temptation* of the-devil. When you ooosiUmally weigh in your minds .the importance of salvation, a thousand obstacles start up, and nub it appear extremely difficult, if not quite impossible, to effect your conversion. The present time Is all that you can depend upon, and- the means yon must employ are those pointed out to you in the example of onr Saviour. If yon wish to avoid |the oecasioesof sis, and know the «Ute of your tools, a reiwat from the world U In » certain d«gt«e, indispensably necessary. Your mbbwm wftb awieked world, certain companies which you hare frequented, certain , connections which you have formed, hare been your ruin. By degrees yoa hare resigned your virtue, and with it the independence of your will. Your only safety, then, is to fly the danger. As long as you refuse to dirorce yourselres from difficulty, to withdraw from companions who have led you on the road to perdition, and are pursuing the same course—as long as the business, the cares, the pleasures of the world enslave you, the voice of Grod will be heard in vain, the same causes will produce the same effects, and you will end your days still making purposes of future amendment, still forming resolutions, andnerer performing them. Penance is an obligation imposed on all mankind since the sin of Adam, and constitutes an absolutely indispensable means of salvation. Our Lord has expressly declared it in these words, "Unless yoa do penance you shall all likewise perish" (Luke xiii., 3); and we may say that His doctrine is contained in the words which He used in His first sermon, " Do penance, for the kingdom of hearen is at h&nd;" (Matt, iv., 17). Christianity itself, represented by Jesus Christ on. the Cross, is one great expiation, and the Christian law a law of penance for the remission of sins. This general law may be divided into two parts—namely, into interior penance, which consists of contrition for our sins; and exterior penance, which comprises all the sufferings and corporal mortifications which we practice in expiation for our sins. The Church prescribes the days of fasting as a corporal penance that all the faithful must practice, thus determining what every Christian is strictly obliged to perform in order to satisfy the divine law of penance. As this divine law obliges every one, even those who are not capable of observing the ecclesiastical precept of fasting, these latter must endeavour to supyly for their shortcomings in this respect by prayer, good works, and alms-deeds. The Church has prescribed fasting and abstinence, because this form of penance has most generally been practiced by the saints of every age, and sanctioned by the example of Christ Himself; because fasting is the most easy for the greater number of the faithful; and because it procures precious spiritual advantages. For, as the Church says in her Liturgy for Lent, the effects of fasting are, to deaden the passions by subduing the rebellion of the flesh against the spirit, and by weakening the strength of our wicked inclinations; to elevate the mind and dispose it to prayer; to appease the anger of God, and to draw down His blessings upon us. Lent, which is of apostolic tradition, is established to honour and imitate the fast of Jesus Christ in the desert. On the first day of Lent, which is Wednesday, the priest puts blessed ashes on the foreheads of the faithful present at the holy Mass, saying, " Remember, man, that thou art dust, and unto dust thou shalt return." The Church makes use of this ceremony, to preserve the remembrance of her ancient discipline, according to which aBhes were sprinkled on the heads of ublic penitents, to engage them to Eumble themselves and repent of their sins; and to exhort us to penance by the thought of death, which will reduce our bodies to dust. There is no law of the Church which was regarded, up to a late period, as more opposed to all scientific ideas of enlightenment than the law relating to fasting and abstinence. It is a fact that certain medical professors have often indulged freely in reflection on the madness and delusion of thus injuring the body to serve the soul. This was, no doubt, natural to persons who possibly conceived that the soul, if existent at all, was perhaps of little importance ; but it was, at the same time, as later discoveries incontestably prove, even from their own point of view, highly unscientific. It is true, also, that many Catholics supposed that the Lenten fast, to some extent, injured the bodily health, though they were, of course, satisfied to submit to the sacrifice in riew of the spiritual interests involved. Now, it is entirely beyond doubt that the Lenten fast is of considerable benefit to the body, and that it tends in a high degree to preserve the physical health of those classes on which the Church imposes it. An English scientific journal of high authority in a leading article speaks as follows:—" Whatever may be our views of Lenten fasts and fish on Fridays, in these days, when the strictest observances of the Church need necessitate no self-denial, these measures were sanitary arrangements of no trifling importance. The insistence npon fish once a week was an excellent idea. The Friday's dinner of fish had its hygienic value over and above its discipline or importance, and the fast of Lent recommends itself to us from its sanitary usefulness as much as from its doctrinal significance." In another paragraph he points out how the observance of the fast, in former days, not only did not injure the public health-b^t^even prevented the occurrence, ofjjnany .painful and troublesome-diseases, whict wOoid otherwise almost unavoidably havie oc$r curred. ' 'A }- ' j ,'. " j 1 There is daily experience of people who were for some timeafraid of injuring their health by abstinence, and on that account always seeking dispensations, who, after a fair trial, have found their health much improved by it; and, in the strictest religious orders it is found that the members are generally the most healthy and the longest livers ; so that it is, as the word of God declares, that "by surfeiting many have perished, and he that is temperate shall prolong life" (Ecclesiasticus xxxvii., 34). The sacred Scripture says, " There is a shame that bringeth sin, and there is a shame that bringeth glory and grace" (Ecclesiasticus iv., 25). When a man is ashamed to do an evil action contrary to his duty, and therefore abstains from doing it, that is " a shame which brings glory and grace;" but when a man is ashamed to do his duty, lest he be laughed at or ridiculed by others, and therefore acts contrary to it, that is " a shame which bringeth sin," and this can never be an excuse. Of this latter shame our Blessed Saviour says—" Whosoever shall be ashamed of Me, and of My words in this sinful and adulterous generation : the Son of Man shall be ashamed of him, which He shall come in the glory of His Father with the holy angels " (Mark riii., 38). Now, there is no part of the words of Christ—that is, of His doctrine—which He more forcibly inculcates than obedience to His Church ; and therefore to be ashamed of obeying Her, from fear of the ridicule of men, is a crime for which Christ will be ashamed of us in the last day. Besides, experience itself shows that when a person transgresses this command of the Church in weak and cowardly compliance with those of another religion, and in order to escape their ridicule, he only exposes himself to their contempt by acting contrary to his profession and principles; whereas, when on such occasions he stands firm to hiB duty, in their hearts they esteem and regard him the more. Be careful, then, never to prefer your own unrestrained appeiite, or the fear of the world and what men will say, to the will of the most High God, and to the obedience which byBO many titles you owe to His divine commands. Do not be too indulgent to yourselres, seek no rain excuse from fasting. Observe the forty days of Lent rigorously. " Penance without fasting," says St. Basil, " is idle and fruitless." The necessity for education in man attests his original weakness, but it is at the same time the sign of his superiority and of the pre-eminence which God has given him over the works of creation. It is this most glorious difference that distinguishes htm from irrational beings. Education makes man; these two words suffice to define it. It is in vain that men seek to withhold a part of this formation ; it demands the entire work. To seek to limit the influence of education to this or that faculty of the soul would be an effort as wild as that of dividing man himself. There are, no doubt, different faculties in the mind, and the cultivation of one may be more particularly attended to, but it is always necessary that their preference be based upon the relative importance of the faculties themselves, and upon the last end of man, which ought never to be lost sight of. Moral culture is of the highest importance. Intelligence conceives designs, she discusses the motives within herself; the will changes them into resolutions, and the organs execute them. But there exists a higher law to which all mast yield—it is duty. There is a mighty inspiration which all must obey—it is the love of right. It is here, in this centre of moral life, that all the energies of our soul should find their impulse and their law; it is this that has given rise to the expression, so just, that man is only great and good in proportion to the qualities of his heart. But moral training, in itB turn, is inseparable from religious training, because religion furnishes to morality its object, its rule, and its end. The object of moral law is the love and practice of right; because this right that we must love and practise would remain a simple abstraction, without power, if religion did not reveal it to us in its true light, by saying to us " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as thyself." In a word, moral culture only finds completeness and efficacy in religious ftdncntion. Experience, logic, and common sense teach this. Until recent days, the human race acknowledged the words of the Holy Ghost, " The lips of the priest shall keep knowledge, and they shall seek the law at his mouth, because he is the Angel of the Lord of hosts" (Malachias ii., 7). But our modern legislators are of a different way of thinking, and their minds seem to be as devoid of the laws of justice as their hearts are of the duty of gratitude. They have decreed that the Church should not teach any longer, because they desire that religioB be no longer taught. This is the true meaning of the word secular applied to education, and, indeed, it is verj seldom denied. Secular schools are called for in order to have schools without God, without Christ. Religion is no longer to hold a place in education; it is to be confined to the bosom of the family, until such time as the Christian family shall disappear in its turn and become the relic of by-gone age. The Creator has infused into the hearts of parents an unspeakable love and tenderness for their offspring, an unwearied patience with their children's weaknesses, an unremitting watchfulness orer their every step and movement. Who has taught the mother to enter into the very soul of her child, to read his thoughts and desires P Who is better adapted to make early and lasting impressions on the susceptible heart of the child than his own mother P How often do we find that an early lesson of a mother, recalled to the mind of a wayward son, effects that which no other motive, however strong, can accomplish P Those natural gifts are not dispensed in like measure to all parents; but this does not weaken the force of the general fact, which evidently proves the intention of the Creator, that parents should be the educators of their own children. God has, also, infused into the hearts of children a love and reverence for, a confidence and docility towards, their parents which they can rarely acquire towards others, and this dictate of filial piety has been sanctioned by the positire law of God—" Honour thy father and thy mother." It requires no small degree of depravity to stifle this voice of nature in the heart of the child. As the parent, then, is by divine institution the natural teacher of the child, so the child is the divinely-appointed pupil of his parents. The family, therefore, is a divinely-constituted school, with an inviolable charter, framed and written by the finger of the Almighty in the hearts of parents and children. Whoever, therefore, meddles with this divine creation violates the most sacred rights of parents and children, and thwarts the intentions of the Creator, for if parents have the strict duty of edueating their children according to their own convictions they have also the inviolable right to do so 5 and, if children are bound by the law of nature to submit themselves to that education which their parents are, in conscience, obliged to give them, they hare also the right not to be impeded in the fulfilment of this duty. They may be arrested by truant officers, and dragged into State schools against their own will and that of their parents, but the roice of injured human nature cries up to the Creator for rengeance against that State which thus disregards the unprotected rights of its subjects. " Woe to them that make wicked laws; and when they write, write injustice " (Isaias x., 1). " For the Lord is our judge, the Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our king, He will save us " (Isaias xxxiii., 22). Though the duty and right of parents to educate their offspring is inalienable, and though this obligation is personal, yet it does not follow that they may not make use of the assistance of others in discharging this office. As parents can employ a trusty servant to nurse their children, so they can appoint a reliable teacher to instruct them in reading, writing, good manners, Christian doctrine, and the various arts and sciences to superintend their physical, mental, and religious development. And as parents frequently have not the necessary time and knowledge to give their chddren a complete education, there is nothing more natural than that they should call in the aid of others, to whom^tte^should consign a share of their' pa rental • efffioe, with a corresponding ^portion of their parental rights. ^ •! The Church has from'the'beginning looked upon education as her province.' She has practically educated the nations for 1800 years, and continues in the exercise of this ministry wherever she enjoys her liberty. From her bosom have gone forth the great teaching orders and congregations of both sexes, who, untrammelled by all earthly ties, free from the clogging influences of worldly affections, devote themselves, whole and undivided, to the work of education. To-day, while her rights are violated by the machinations of godless states and still more godless sects; while her children are perfidiously enticed into godless and irreligious State schools, she shows her divine charter, and says, as the Apostles did, " We cannot yield, wfe cannot betray the charge of Christ, let the little ones come to me." The advocates of what is called " nonsectarian education " point to the reading of the Bible " without note or comment." We are convinced that such mechanical reading of the Bible " with* out note or comment" in the schools, »nd, to quote the expression of JJr. MoorhouBe, late Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, " the exclusion of whatever relates to the miraculous," can only prodace soepticism and generate contempt for the Word of God in the mmds of the children. The experiment has been 10 unsuccessful in the United States that the practice is now all but abandoned m the public schools. No Catholio is in harmony with the Church who maintains opinions opposed to her teachings. It is absurd to say that one bishop more than another insiBts on the establishment of Catholic •ohools. It is not left with bishops to choose in this matter. They receive commands from a higher authority than their own, and know that their duty, based on their faith and conscience, obliges them to urge the maintenance of Catholic schools wherever it is pos- J sible. The idea that one diocese has a law on the Bubject different from another is quite false. The bishop is bound to teach and enforce with pastoral zea^ and vigilance the Church's law of Catholio •ohools for Catholic children; the pastor of a flock who neglects, being able, to rovide such a school, sins; the mem- of a district or mission who refuse Sers to oo-operate according to their means in the establishment of a Catholic school for their children are alBO guilty of sin. The State schools do not suffice for our children. We do not desire to interfere with those who use them; we only regret that they are so poor that they cannot •apport them without taxing the Catholics. At a moment when the whole world is reparing to celebrate the Episcopal Subilee of our Holy Father, Leo XIII., which occurs on next Sunday, 19th February, we desire to excite you to gratitude to God, to a livelier faith, to a firmer confidence in Divine Providence, and to a more ardent love for God, Who governs the whole universe. With the majesty of truth and justice, the Pontiff- King has told the world of the dangers of the situation; the charge is complete, the proofs are irrefutable, hiBtory will repeat them, and God will judge them. Most assuredly, beloved brethren, do we know that the liberty and independence of the ChuTchwill be preserved and defended by God; we know that the words of the Apostle, "We ought to obey God rather than man," will, in spite of persecution and oppression, forever continue to be the watchword of every successor of St. Peter. But, although resting on this faith, we nevertheless maintain the right of the Church, the rights of the Pope to his temporal principality; we recognise that God has made it the duty of all men to proclaim publicly the freedom and sovereignty of the Church, and we protest, and shall continue to protest, against the usurpation of the Pontifical States. Yet, while ruling our voices in the assertion of right, we must not forget that there u no surer defence, no stronger weapon against injustice than prayer. Let us •end up from the depths of our hearts humble prayers for the safety of our Holy Mother the Church, for the conversion of our enemies, and for the oessation of evils so great and universal. Itis not without reason that we zeoognise the hand of God in the miracu loos protection accorded to the person of our Holy Father, and now that, with the Oatholio world, we are celebrating the Jubilee of the fiftieth anniversary of his episcopal consecration, we again proclaim that God is with all those who tear Hint and believe in His Name. Let us, then, give thanks to God for the consolation and encouragement He has given ut in this truly great Pope, in the spectacle of his heroic perseverance and of his courage so full of charity Let us pray that it may please the Lord and Ruler of the Church to protect and preserve Hi* Vicar, and to let him behold the hour of victory is the fulness of his days. That this event may be worthily and solemnly oelebrated, we request the olergy to add, until further notioe, the Collect fro Pafa at every Mast (whenever the Hubncs permit), and also at Benediction of the Most Holy Sacra- Bent. We earnestly exhort yon, dear children in Jesus Christ, especially the young, to receive H»ly Communion en Sunday, the 19th of February, or the following Sunday, for our beloved and venerated Pontiff. The deny will make the annual collection of the Peter's (mice on the Sunday within the Octave of the feast ot 8einte Peter and Plsul, and explain to their respective aontiegatkns that this yearly tiahl to the Holy Father, betides bwttk duty of CNiMtH, is, what all good Gathobos prefer to consider it, a tokeaof estesa sad affection from lovte «UUm ID the cobm* Fether of tfe&iftfeL; May Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost bless yon nil. ~ li. Given at Sale, •Bis , non-01 . „ , - B a l e ., . Qaiuquagesima Sunday, 11893. | o i . J ^ A meeting will be held i^§t.;MMy'« schoolroom to-morrow afterniJifc s Mass! to. initiate steps for the proper celebration of St. Patrick's Day. I am pleased to have to record that the Gippsland International Fancy Fair in aid of the building fund of the convent of Notre Dame de Sion, Sale, has been running through a very successful time of it. On Monday, the 6th inst., the opening ceremony was performed by the Hon. Allan M'Lean, while a similar function was performed on Friday, the 10th, by Mr. Albert Harris, M.L.A. The fair will be brought to a close this evening, and to-day it will be open from u a. m. f 0r the convenience of country visitors. Masses will be celebrated to-morrow a g f0H0w:—Sale, 9 and 11; Stratford, 9\. Briagolong, 11; Newry, 9; Maffra, 11; Rosedale, 11; Heyfield, 9; Glen maggie, 11. 