HORSEAM WESLEYAPN GURCHo ANNIV-ERSARY. Anniversary services were commenced on Sunday and conillded last night. Tlhe chuorch had been lastefully decorated for the occasion by Misses IBest, Millar, May and McColl and Mr..G. DI. King, and presented a very pleasant appearance. Special services were conductedl on Sunday by the pastor, the Rev. Wesley Johns, who in the forenoon discou seil on 2nd-Corinthians ir. 14, "Thankus be unto God who always causeth us to triumpl in Christ." Owing to the inclement weather tile atlendance was not so largeais was anticipated on the special occasion. In the evening Mir. Johns chose his text from Sc. John xx. part of 24th; verse. "Thomas Was not with them when Jesus came." Referring to the temperament of Thomas thie reverend gestleman said that it wrasof a hopeless and mournful charnacter; hut for these ohjection able.traits he would doubtless have been a very useful disciple.,and this failing it was thatried bhim to take sides with tihe unbeliev ing Jews and to doublt the resurrection of Christ. But, after all, there was a little excunse for Thomase, as he, with -the other apostles, were continually limiting Christ's mission to that which was tangablo here. But Thomas lost the opportunity of seeing Jesus ly his neglect. \\\When Jesusappeared to the other disciples aud gave indisputable evidence of Iris rising frone the dead, Thomas was not there. KHoene, he also lost the blessing of peace and the gift of the HRly Ghost bestowed on the faithful by by Christ at that meeting. Anld lhow many nowadays miss incalculable blessings by neglecting thie means of grace! Our Saviour has taught as to wsatch and pray lest we eoter into temptation. We u.ay have a difference of opinion how that injunc tion has to be obeyed ; different churches have different formsn of obeying it. Then there is auothlerinjunctiou of the Scriptures and thalt is praying in secret. In every Christian heart these is a secret chamber which communes with Golalone. Another dnty was that of seclf-eranmination. One old writer had very truly said "There would be more self-condemnation if there were moreaself-examination." As a business man took stock of his merchandise, so should we take stock of our Christianity, and shoull be continually asking ourselves. Am I growing in grace! Ami I giving as mnichof my timeto thle church as I should! Have the missions my sympathy! We must be there when Jesus comes. There in heart searching, there iu secret prayer, but not in a life of exclusiveuess ; we are called to communion with other Chlristians, with church imembers. We cannuot neglect the public nor the private means of grace with out a corresponsding loss to our characters, like Thomas of old. Last night a coucer tand coffee supper was held in the churchl, and, despite the rain and muddy roadls, the sacred edlifice was.well filled with an uiudlience comprised not only of Wesleyans, but imembers of nearly all the Horsiham churches, at which fact the Rev.Wesmey Jolhnus expressed great pleasure. Mr. T.K. l)ow occupied the chair, and in a very humorous veini advuocated the building of a new csllrcl. . However, hie would not press that claim very miuch at present owing to the disturbed state of the onancial world. Still he uidlerstoodl that tile.people lhad taken the matter up in a very sensible man ner, aitd all had responded lilerally indeed towards thle purpose intended. It was im possible for him to announce that night when the church would be commeslced, but when things got a liitle more settled they had agoos?t prospect of having a really good building, which would prove not only an at traction to Horllsam but to the Hor-sham people.-The clhairman read an apology from the Rev. Rt. and Mrs. Thwaites, who where anavoidally prevented fron being preseust. -The treasurer (Mr. :V. F. Oaborn) re ported:-Receipts, 1892: alainee in bank, £14 Os -4d ; proceeldsof aunniveursary, £t2 Is 01 ; bank interest, 3s81; seat rents, £108s Odi; totid, £43 3 3d.: lxpenditure: Church cleaning, £10 4s;gas, i£8 Ia 11i; small ac counts, £4 2s; balance at bank, £20 13s 4i; -Tie Rev. Wesley Joliss was glad that the chlairman had dwelt with forSe on.the fact hatl they required a new church, and he Iopel that some one would harp away on thlat one string until they got ite. Methodism in Iorsham required it; they were all per saded in thart, aiid hle Ihoped that the new Wesleyan Churcls would soon be an accom plishedil fact.. If the church did not denmand inicreased acciommsodation at ouce the Sab hath school.iliild,aid it was their duty ta see that. all thCle young people were acenmmo dated as they grew up. Concerniig the churdhl work in this circuit, there were mauy things that hie liked. He had come in contact witlh consecrcej men anul womemt and with them he hoped they would all have a happy time together. There was a strong spirit of harmony throughlout the circuit, and lie bopedl tlhit spirit would cntinue to grow, and that they wouls, unitedly aim at the glory of Godl, at thie extension of their Redeemer's Kinigdomn, and at the buildinsg up of their much loved Metholdism. (Chleers.) -Several anthlems wrere rcedered by the lchoir, under thle leadershlip of Mr. G(. D. King, Miss Millar presiding at the organ. The following progranmie was also given: " The song for me," Mr. Middleton ; "W\hy nmust we say gooe.hye iy" Mliss Iobb; "Once again," Mr. GellorJs ; "The last mile stone," Miss S. Gillies; "tDavidl singing be fore Saul," Mr. Rennison. Professor Andrews efficiently played the accompanli ments for ill the soloists on the organ. Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies, the choir, the singers and the chairman, after swhlich refreshmncnts were handed round by members of the congregation and tile singing of the Doxology termliated a plea sant and profitable re-union. 