[?] Weapons of Mystery, CHAPTER XVII. TTtlTNO TITTC F.NEMY'S WEAPONS. Wo did not wait a minute before opo rations were commenced. Simon was again it a mesmeric sleep, or whatever the reader may be pleased to call it, in a fnro oonnnrls nftar lifi had sat down. Von Vircbow began by asking the saino question he had asked in the morning : ' Do you seo Kaffar the Egyptain V I waited in breathless silence for the answer. Simon heaved a deep sigh, and peered wearily around, while the pro ?fessor kept his eye steadily upon him. . ? Do you seo Kaffar, the Egyptain ?' repeated he. 'Yes, I seo him,' aaid Simon at length. ? Where ?' ' That's what I'm trying to find out,' said Simon. ' The place is strange ; the people talk in a strange tongue. I can't make 'em out.' ? What do you ? sqe now ?' said the professor, touching his forehead. ? Ah, ah, I see now, ' said Simon. It'a railway station, and I see that 'ere ?willain there, jest as cunning as ever. He's a-gettin' in the train, he is.' ? Can you see the name of the station V \- * No, I can't. It's a biggish place, it is, and I can't see no name. Stay a minute, though. I see now.' ? Well, what's the name ?' ' It's a name as I never see or heard tell on before. B-o-i.-o — ah, that's it ; ? Bologna, that's i*. It is a queer name though, ain't it ?' ? Well, what now ?' ' Why, he's in the train, and it's started, it is.' 1 Dp yon know where he's going ?' ?No.' 4 Bnt he has a ticket ; can't you see it 7* ? Course I can't. It's in his pocket, and 1 can't see through the cloth, I can't.1' ? And what's he doing now V 1 Why, he's in for making hisself com fortable, he is. He's got a piller, and' he's stretchin' hisself on the seat and lyin' his head on the piller. There, he's closed his eyes — he's off to sleep.' The professor turned to me. ' I am afraid we can do no moro to-night,' he said. ' Evidently he is on a journey, 'and we must wait until ho arrives at his destination.' 'But1 can't Slowden remain as ho is and watch him ?' ' The thing would bo at once cruel and preposterous, sir. No, you must come again in the morning ; then, perchance, he will have finished his journey ;' acd accordingly ho ' proceeded to awake ;Siinbn. After all, it did not matter so much. It was now ton o'clock, and I could do (nothing that night, in any case. 'I do not know bat that I am glad that thingi are as they are,' continued the professor. ' This second sleep will enable him to see more clearly to-morrow. Meanwhile, consider yourself fortunate. If the Egyptian stops anywhere in Italy, it will be possible for you to reach him and bring him back within the time you mention. Take heart, cheer up, my friend. Good-bye for the time. I shall expect you early to- morro\T.' . No sooner were we in the streot than Simon began to ask me what he had told me, for I found that he was entirely ignorant of the things he had said. 'Who'd 'a thought it?' he said mus ingly, when I had told him. ' Who'd 'a thought as 'ow I should hassist in a waccinatin' business like this 'ere. Tell 'ee, yer 'onour, I shall believe in ghosts and sperrits again soon. Fancy me a-seein' things in Italy and telling 'em to you without knowin' anything about'it ! Well, but 'twill be grand if we can find 'him, yer ho jour, won't it then?' I spent a sleepless night, harassed by a thousand doubts and fears. There, in ? the quiet of my room, all this mesmerism and' clairvoyance seemed only so much hocus-pocus, which no sensible and well edncated man should have anything to do with. Still, ifj was my only hope, and it only wanted eight days to Christ mas Eve. Only one little week and a day, that was all, and then, if I did not produce Kaffar, all was lost. It would be no use to go to Miss Forrest's house in Kensington and tell her that Simon Slowden had, while in a mesmeric sleep, seen Kaffar in Italy. No, no ; that %ould never do. I must produco him, nothing olse would suffice. . . We wero early at the professor's tho following morning, and iound him wait ing .and almost as anxious as we wore. Again Simon submitted to the influ ence of the little man, and soon answered his questions far moro readily than he hod hitherto done. Did ho see Kaffar ? ' Yes,' was the reply. ? Were is ho now ' . He was in a beautiful town. The houses were whito, the streots were white ; tho town was full of squares, and in these squares wero many statues. Suehwas Simon's information. 1 Do you know what country the town is in ? ' ' No,' said Simon. ' Could yon by any means ? There's a railway station in tho town ; can you ' not seo the namo there ?' ' Yes there's a railway station, a fine ono. Ah, I seo tho name now. Tor i-n-o. Torino, that's it.' ' Torino ! ' I cried, ' Turin ! That's a town in Italy, some distance boyond tho French border.' The professor beckoned mo to bo quiet. ? Kaffar is at Torino, is ho : said tho professor. ' That's it — yes.' ' What is ho doing ? ' Talking with a man who keeps an I hotel.' ' What does ho say ? ' 'Its in a foreign languago and I can't tell.' (2'o be Continued). 