Ourrsnt Uvsnts. By J. A. H. " Luqui Veritas et tinieo n-an. — j ones. 4 chiefs auinivi ye takiii n Res, and jailh he it print em — Buuns. At tin: preseut mo-ueot lue pros pects of til is seasott s \vi-eat ii.uvest is one o! the moss coitituoii and. interesting topics of conversation. As far as oar o wn district is cou- censed, it is pretty certain that the general average yield per acre iviil j be ;nu-:h above tiiat of List year. Some ! wire at pad.i cits have already ret/mred ! 15 onsuels per acre, witiisi others w;li J be fat hilj»v that return, ami I ;tu> j iufomibd that red rust uiii sei'ieusiy i damage some eiops. Tee low pn-jH j at present ruling is also a s-imits j drawback. fcitui, nil desperandum ! appears to be the motto of many of J our most industrious iarmors, although j there ate some woo always will i grumble under any circumstances, | but perhaps thai, is only habit and not malice prepense. At the wiuis time I was glad to learu from one of our most prominent wlieatbuvers here, that the sample ot wheat delivered this year, at the Laura Station, is a very superior one. This is a cheering circLiuistauce. The farmers of the Port Germ: in district have a grievance, under which they are becoming restive. Iu that district Ward's prolific is largely grown, aud 0:1 this the merchants are dockiug one peuny per bu-suel for various ostensible reasons. Tile Register referring to tue realtor says :— '"0-1 iuqniriug we find that fho objection to tins variety of wheat is thai it is hard aud flinty, and as a milling wheat i? i: l-iior. It mikes a Strong but auk flour, and unless tre-ue-i separately with the mill adjusted for the purpose it is impossible to grind it, and turu out a good article. Tise merchants state that they have to submit to a r-muctiou on it wiieu idiipned to K 5 «:>?, aed they have no ->pti ju, t d.-a-fm c, out to piOD'_jcl t'icmsei OS.' All very plausible r-'asaning ; but it would he i-il.tr -s: ing t-> Enow what reduction mercii-ints have to submit to. I hardly think it will amount to a peuuy per bushel. Wiieu wilt our hard-working and pati- ut farmers throw off the hicubii? of wheat rings, which bleed them so freely, and sell and ship their produce through organizations ol their own. Until they do this they will nevar get a fait return for their labour and outlay. The fleshers (of Adelaide) who have long purchased their cattle aud sheep uext to nothing, are at last allowing the public to share in some of their profitt. In the East End Market on ijaturday night good wholesome meat c mid be bought at about oue penny a pound, aud even in large and " aristocratic " establishments, such as Oonrad's and Kitber's, iu Bundle- street-, beef sausages were sold at two pence per lb. Bread too is obtainable at a penny per lb„ and the cost of the bare uecessaries of life, are not nearly so high just now as it has been in some former years iu Adelaide. . . . One very natural but disagreeable result has followed iu inauy household's upon the establishment of the butter bonus. The best article is being sent to England, and a good deal of. that rejected every week by the expert, as not good enough for the English palates, is thrown upon onr own markets. The average piece of bread- and-butter upon an Adelaide breakfast table to-day is not so good as the j average piece of bread and butter was, 1 before the Parliament iu a weak j moment, agreed to inflict the butter -: bonus upon the taxpayer. — Pencil in I Kapunda Herald. j Pencil is also reponsible for the following : — A lady residing near Adelaide was so severely burnt that it was necessary to replace the charred skin on one limb with a healthy growth from some other human body, Her husband offered liis cuticle as a sacrifice ; and now, as a recompense for the pain which I10 suffered, has his wile restored to him almost as stroug ; a? ever she was. Literally now they twain are of one sliu. 1 The Tipper House has tin-own out- tha Taxation Bill by a majority of j one. What au i lgloriotis finale to the ; enormous amount of time which has thus been wasted over this measure. Says the Advertiser : — " The Legislative Council has once more given evi l once of its characteristic impatience of taxation," . The following affecting case ol suicide is taken lrorn a recent English paper; — At an imprest held on ihe body of H«mry Harris, aged twenty- six, his wife deposed that deceased had been out of work some time, although sober and industrious, and had become penniless. Everything they possessed had been soli for foo 1. On toe morning ol lus death deceased had gone out saying Good-bye, dear, I will go aud try to get a shilling fo: you." He never returned, and th - i.ext witness beard was that he h id thrown hiui?>-lf under a tram at Highbury si. men. " Suicide while ol unsound uiiud " was the verdict. Induced by utter destitution might ii-ive been aided, "Give me a kiss," lie pleaded, in the lemptiug way of men. " Wny. yes, I will " she answered, " if — you'd give it back again." The Sc'entijic American, q uoi; from the Jsm-isrille Jo rriytl, gi vi?.- I.1;.- following The a ecu racy of tiie meut call be tested by those of u;i- readers who grow sweet- peas and are troubled with flies. " Come inside a moment," said a Fourth Avmae dealer iu pianos, " I have discover -I the gre ales: fly trap on earth, alia I want to suo v it to you." He led tin way to an instrument at the rear of toe store, on which was a newspaper. 0 ... the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least 1,000 dead lu-:s were lying <-n the paper in tiie immediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers " I threw them there b- chance " said he " aud in about t>-/ minutes I node d that every fly til d alighted ou the flowers died in a very short time " Even as he spoke ;= number of insects which had stopper to suck the deadly sweet toppled over. They alighted with their ireual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered on their tegs, fl ipped their wiugs weald v several times, and then gave up th: ghost. If any of my readers who have sweet peas in their gardeus, will t: v the abuve experiment, and let me know the result, I bIuII feel much obliged. " Most of the strikes and labour troubles would be avoided if men used their wage? for their families instead of taming them over to th - dram-seUer.?. Wht-n fathers drink, children cry for bread." — Advice to Working Men. The Advertiser has been giving short biographies of the newly-elected Mayors, Of our own Worthy Chief Magistrate it says : — " Mr. G. I. Bills was born in 1357 at Stratlwlbyn. where he was educaied at M>. Nove's sranini ir school, and with his father moved to Laura 111 the early davs of the areas. lie learnt 'rem him the building trade, and afterwards settled at Orroroo in 1878, where in conjunction with two brother? he carried on business successfully as a builder and t:m'-»er merchant. In 1886 on the death of his father, Mr. John Bill?, wli-i arrived in the colony in 1839, lie returned to Laura, and is a inetober of the firm of Messrs. G. I. & \V. Bills, erected new premises for his business as a builder and hardware nierehani. He was elected to serve as councillor in the Corporation of Laura in 1886, and represented East War i until he was elected Mayor in Io92. lie was a member of the Laura Institute Com mittee from 1886 to 1890, vice-president in 1891, aud president in 1891-2, and is now serving second year as presi lent. He aeied as secretary of the local Vigilance Com mittee, which was mainly instrumental in securing the opening up of the Wirrabara Forest Reserve country, now thickly settled, in the Flinders Jtauye," The Southern Cross in an article animad verting upon "the action of the Legislative Council in rejecting the ' Taxation Bill " says : — «' The pro gressive principle has come to stay. The members of the people's house, fresli from the country, have affirmed it by a majority of 22 to 30, and the Council electorates will, we feel sure, confirm that verdict next year. The reactionary and anti-progressive party may then find themseles compelled to swallow a much more drastic dose of progressive taxation than that which they have now contemptuously rejected," In consequence of the rejection ol the Taxation Bill the Government propose to double the .Income Tax, and strike £15,000 off the Main Iioad Vote. This will fall heavily on coantry districts. Mr. W. Copley was oue of those who threw out the Bill, and this will be remembered if be stands for re-election next year. It .is noticeable that for once both the Register and Advertiser unite in deprecating the action of the Legislative Council. 