AMONGST THE MISSING-. [ABGOSY.] (Concluded from our list!) The dance was by this time over, and though the balcony where they were sitting was in a retired corner, there were seats near by and occupied now by the couples who had left the ball-room. To Arthur Carrington their presence afforded an indefinite sensation of relief, and for the moment ; he felt he was reprieved. | The longiug to speak his heart and learn his answer bad at last got the better of bis scruples; yet he felt almost glad that he must put off the decisive moment a little longer. And all the time he chattered on thought lessly, never heeding that every care less sentence made him appear to her in a less favorable light. Then a waltz tune struck up in the ball-room below; the seats near thein were left vacant, and Alice made a movement as though' she would fain be following the others downstairs, but her partner refused to notice it. The time bad come at last and he was determined to speak, yet hardly knew how to begin. The words drove him to speech at last. 1 Miss Maitland, you must stay one moment'-the words sounded to Alice very like a eommand-41 have some thing I want particularly to say to you to-night.' ' Then, Captain Carrington, I think you might have said it before ; now I am afraid it must keep until to morrow,' she answered coldly. * But, Miss Maitland ' * Will you kindly take me down stairs, Captain Carrington ?' she inter rupted before he could speak another word. c1 am engaged for this dance to Major Ashby, "and I would not miss it for the world.' This time the intention of her tone could not escape him. It seemed to burst upon him like a flash that Major Ashby had been very attentive to Miss Maitland lately, and now he remem bered hearing that evening some words he had hardly understood at the time. In bis excited state he caught up the idea only too readily. She had been leading him on, perhaps, only for her amusement, and all the tame Ashby the very suspicion made his blood leap fiercely to his cheek,, and th© idea carried conviction all the more speedily that, in the pleasant dream of the past few days, such a notiorr-hadmever once occurred to him. Oh, how blind he had been ! and angry words rushed to his lips that in a calmer mood he would never have uttered-. ' Major Asbby's dancing is*doubtless infinitely preferable to my conversa tion, but ' 4 Perhaps, even* than the entertain ing conversation-with which you have just been honoring me,' she retorted quickly ;4 but that is hardly the point, I thinfc' ' Only spare me one moment Miss Maitland-; only hear me; an>l then dance with'him the rest of the evening, if you will,' he eontiuued bitterly. They were both standing now ; Alice, pale with anger; Arthur Carrington, with a wild look in his eye, and speak ing in* a. voice trembling with a desperate eagerness; 4 But you don't understand'-; it'may be the last ehance; hear what 1 have to say now, or you may never- have- the opportunity agaiu.' The words eonveyed?to her-outyone meaning, and roused all the- pride in her not too humble nature. 4 In that case, Captain Carrington, let it be never.' She spoke the words clearly and decisively, an«l, drawn proudly up to her full height, cast upon bim one glance of scorn and defiance that spoke to him only more eloquently than her words. Yet he would leave himself no possible ground for doubt; he seized her hand, almost crushing it in his fierce eagerness. 4 Miss Maitland, db* you quite understand me ? For the last time do you mean that ?' ' ' Certainly,' she answered in a tone of icy iudifference -T. and at that moment they became- aware that Major Ashby had advanced close upon them. * This is my dance with'yx>u« I think, Miss Maitland,' he remarked' suavely. 1 It is, major-I; hope you haven't been waiting for me long.' Then turning a last gtanee on Arthur, and with a scornful' '"Thank- you, Captain Carrington,' she swept away on the major's arm. For a moment or two Arthur stood as one stuuned, with a dkzed look in his eyes; then he turned oil his heel and moved slowly downstairs. As he passed the door of the ball-room he glanced in, and at: that moment Major Ashby and his partner passed close by hira in the graceful movement of the dance. The major's head was beat over hers, his cheek almost touching her hair, and the words that he spoke in. a law tone in her ear must have been of pleasant import, to judge by the charming smile that they evoked. Arthur Carrington turned away, his tace very pale, with a hard drawn look about the mouth, and went out into the night to seek his quarters and pre pare for the work that was now so close before him. Meanwhile the gallant major was rapidly improving his position with Miss Maitlaud. She was certainly very pleasantly disposed to him this evening,and received his little advanct s with a readiness which, to tell the truth, the major had never notii-ed before. For Major Ashby, although he enjoyed, and was not a little proud of, the reputation of being a master in the noble art of lady-killing, did. not let his conceit ruin his judgment, '?and could usually guess very shrewdly his true position in a lady s ; affection. I do not wish to insinuate that the Major was a systematic heart- breaker; but though his affection for the sex collectively was unlimited, his particular affection tor any one member of it had hitherto proved strictly limited in point of -duration. Iu other words, like many others, he was devoted to flirtation, fad what is more, was really skilled 3u that intricate science. The latest object of his affections was, needless to say, Miss Maitland, whom, though ne had an acquaintance of some stand wg with her father, he had never met vntu a week ago. Since then he had prosecuted his suit with more earnest ness than usual, spurred on not a littleby the evident rivalry of Arthur Harrington. This evening a con siderable weight had been lifted from his mind by the little scene above related, of which he had quite uninten tionally witnessed the close. He had seen sufficient to make him tolerably certain, by putting two and two together, that Arthur Carrington had proposed and been definitely refused. Hence he was not altogether prepared to find himself in sole possession of the field. Yes, there was no doubt about it Miss Maitland was bent on making herself extremely agreeable. The Major felt that he was making more advance in that short half-hour than he had during the full week he had known, her; nor had the charm of her manner ever struck him so foreibly before. At length, all too soon, the music stopped, faad be and his partner retired to the same balcony where he had found her before the dance. They - stood in the cool night air, looking out across the dusky landscape that lay dimly revealed by the bright starlight. 1 Major Ashby,' she asked suddenly, * why is it you men are all leaving so early to-night ? I paw a dozen officers or more preparing to go as we were on our way upstairs.' 'Do you know, Miss Maitland, that is a secret 1 m afraid X hardly ought to tell even to you,' he answered quietly, his voice lingering softly on those last words. ' A secret ?' she queried. ' Oh, then you must tell me I I shall never for give you if you TO use my curiosity in that way, and refuse to satisfy it.* "Well, I am afraid I ean refuse you nothing,' he said, with a smile, after a moments pause. Jn truth, he was wondering what impression the news might make upon fcer, * The {act is, we have orders to leave the ball quietlr and be ready to march in two hours. The enemy s advance guard is reported to have crossed the Sambre, and we shall be iu action before the day is half over.' If he had hoped for some sign of distress on her part, he was amply "repaid. As she realised the full meaning of those cruelly straightfor ward word?, all the color fled from her cheeks. He thought she would have fainted, and put his arm round her to support her to a chair. ' i am so sorry for startling you like this,' he said penitently j « but I never thought you would have-any particu lar interest in the news.' Oh, no, she said, with an attempt to smile, * only it was so sudden * it quite took my breath away.* For a moment neither of them spoke. ' .Alice-Misa Maitland,' at last he continued in an earnest tone-so earnest that it almost surprised him 4 Miss Maitland, you don't know what a terrible thing it is for a man to go into battle when his heart is sunk in despair; when he has no hope of the one thing that could make life worth living. If only I thought-if only you \--if you only ?' he stammered, and almost for the first lime in his life he felt completely at a loss. Her face was very pale, and her ©yes, unnaturally bright they seemed were looking into his with an expres sion he could not fathom. She seemed hardly to understand him, and vet to follow every syllable with an Almost painful interest; but she answered not a word. Then another couple came and sat clese behind them, and he had no further chance, or perhaps desire, to express his meaning more clearly. ' He felt he had gone rather further than he had intended; and yet he only half regretted it. * * * * # Two hours later the regiment was quietly faUing-in in the open street along which most of them were quar tered. JNTot many minutes later all was*in readiness, and they were inovinw quietly out of the tovn on to the road of1 honor and glorv,' a i oad along which many a man of them, his heart now beating high with hope, would never return. As they left the outskirts of Brussels the maj.ir found himself riding close to Arthur Carrington, and attempted, with singularly little success, to draw him into conversation. " Well, my boy/ he said a last, 'I can t say ymj are in an entertaining wood to-night, and yon look as solemn mid £lutD as a Sphinx-I «.'ive vou up ;' and the major, who was in surprisingly jr<>od spirits, relapsed into unwilling silence. 'A shbr/ suddenly paid Arthur, speaking in low earnest tones, ' will' you answer me one question P It uiav sound an iiripcrtiuei ce, but if you knew what it means to me, and per haps you can jjuess, I think you would refuse me.' . Dear me. we are very mystericus to-night!" What may it be?' quoth the major, evidently iu au excel lent humor with himself and the rest of the world * Do you-care for Miss Maitland ?' * Why, of course,'returned Ashby, with a smile; ' don't we all love her madly?' 'Yes, but have you more serious Intentions ?' The major for a moment seemed in doubt as to whether be should answer the question ; then he replied quietly: ' Perhaps X have.' Carringlon looked search in gly into face: * You really mean that ?' 'Certainly.' And I be answer seemed to satisfy hjs questioner, for he re mained silent. Presently he spoke again, in a low voice and rather huskily, so that the major could scarcely catch his words : * I suppose she cares for you ?' * I haven't asked her.' c But you can make a pretty shrewd I guess.' ' Well, she was terribly cut up when she heard I was going straight into action to-day, if that means anything aud the major spoke in the complacent tone of one who thought it meant a great deal. Then, as if ashamed of having revealed so much, he continued sharply: * But that's enough, my friend. This is hardly a subject for discussion.1 1 Quite true,' said Arthur dryly. 1 Yef,' he muttered to himself, .* the rich man and the ewe lamb; it's an old story now, but none the less sad for all that. Thank God,' and the grim thought brought a bitter smile to his lips-* Thank Grod, there'll be big fighting these next few days, and a man doesn't often come through big I fighting if h « doesn't care to.* j Yet, alas for the inconsistency of j women, or perchance the stupidity of man-at this very moment, not half a j mile away, Alice Maitland was sobbing j herself to sleep, and the name the poor i girl murmured so fondly to herself ivas I not a name to which Major Ashby could lay any claim. | No need to dwell upon the agony of j those terrible days of suspense, only j to be followed by a yet more terrible i certainty, when, after news of the glorious battle of Waterloo, came the list .>f killed and missing, which em bittered the sweetness of victory and shattered the happiness of so many English homes. Included in that fatal list was the name.ofArthur Carrinston, Captain, Scots Greys, and what that simple line of print meant to the girl, who, loving | him so truly and fondly, had yet sent him away in hopeless despair, with words she would now have given al! the world to unsay, we may also leave untold ; nor pry into the heart that must needs hide its cruel pain behind the mask of cold indifference. * * # # The flag was flying over Maitland Court, which proclaimed to the sur rounding country that the Maitland family was at home. Usually they had a large house party in the summer, but Sir John had had a bad attack of gout, and so there were few visitors. Among these was Major Ashby, now seriously in love with Alice Msitland. Judging from his success on the night of the ball, when, as he thought, Bhe had been within an ace of accepting him, he had anticipated a welcome reception to further advances, but to his surprise and disappointment he found her cold and reserved when be reminded her of their conversation on | the balcony. She was so listless and, unlike her usual self that he could not ' but notice the change. To be preci pitate and receive a refusal would have been fatal. The cautious major wished to make sure of his ground, and by dint of skilful remarksand close obser vation, he succeeded in guessing the real truth of the matter: and, .indeed, when he so far forgot himself as to tax her with a 7ore for Carr'ng'on, ahe made no attempt to deny it. The knowledge that Carrington, and Car rington alone, had had any chance of winning Tier hand was something of a shock to hip vanity ; but be protended to a vast deal of sympathy for her unhappy attachment, and, in conse quence Alice Maitland and be were before long on very intimate terras ; and the major reflected that he was making excellent progress and had but to hide his time. This being* the state of affair?, it was not with feelings of unmixed pleasure that one morning at brealrfast he received a letter from a brother officer and read the following passage * And now of all people in the world or, to write more correctly, of all the { people believed to be out of tbe world ' -whom do you suppose T saw v ester- I day. None other than Arthur Car- I rington. You may imagine how i astonished I was when the poor fellow j report had killed and buried some j months ago, greeted me with a hearty | sliake of tbe hand, which testified conclusively to my doubting senses that he was no ghost but veritable flesh and blood. He seems to have j had a very narrow escape, and looks a bit thin and pale, with a slight gash over bis eve from a French sabre; be fell when first we charged, lay for dead in the enemy's lines, and had a hor rible night of it. Strange to sav, he never lost consciousness, though he was ridden over by the Prussian eavalry and very roughly treated by the would-be looters At last, bv means of promising a heavy reward, be prevailed on a peasant who sparched him for coin, and was grievously dis appointed at finding bis amiable designs had already been forestalled, to carry him to his cottage, where he lay at death's door for six or seven weeks; but the peasant and his wife, apparently a very decent couple when their avarice could side with their humanity, managed to pull him through with the help of a local apothecary, and Carrington left for Brussels with the blessing of the worthy couple. Then he had made his way to England and London, reported himself at headquarters atr! came across me at the club/ Major Ashby read this wholly unexpected news, and instinctively glareed at Miss Maitland. ' Why, my dear Ashby,' said old Sir Tlobevt-quite the contrary. Yet,' thought he to himself, £ it might turn out very bad news for me,' and again he looked at Miss Maitland. Breakfast over, Major Ashby lit a cigar and strolled by himself on the terrace. ' This dead man turning up like a bad penny is exceedingly awkward,' he thought, 4and mav play the deuce with my prospects of marrying Alice Maitland. There is no doubt that she is very fond of him ; she's been dread fully cut up about his death, and just as I was making way in her good graces, it's uncommonly hard that those wretched peasants should have saved him and let him come back to England to spoil sport.' And the major puffed vigorously at his cigar and walked up and down the terrace as he meditated on the best course to pursue in view of the return of his rival. Alice did not yet know but that her lover was really killed (and nnder six feet of earth in the plain of Waterloo), but that she would long remain in ignorance of the real state of affairs was most unlikely. At all events, he would not be the bearer of the news ; of that he was determined. All's fair in love and war, and as the cigar burnt lower he came to the conclusion that the only plan for him was to waste no time, but propose for her hand that very day and trust to a successful issue. Evidently fortune favored him, for just as be bad made up bis mind to risk all on an immediate proposal at the very first opportunity, the heart burnings stepped out of the French window on the terrace, basket in hand, armed with a thick pair of gloves and pair of scissors, as pretty a flower seeker as one could well wish to see. Here was his opportunity all unsought. 4 Fully equipped for an expedition among the flowers, I see,' said the major, flinging away the stump of his cigar. * Yes,' she said, ' among the wild flowers this morning.' ' And may I be my lady's escort ?' said he. ' You may,' she laughed, ' and, like a faithful knight, you shall carry the basket.' There had been a heavy fall of dew in the night and every blade of grass glistened in the sunshine. A mist overhung the horizon, and gave pro mise of a hot day, and the lazy drone of the bees, the languid caw of the rooks, and the distant voices of reapers in a neighboring field came softly through the air. As the major walked across the lawn toward the meadow beyond, and talked to the pretty girl at his side, he felt as if Nature smiled upon his love, and the sweet hope of possession came over him, while the serpent which lurked in his paradise, in the shape of the unwelcome letter, was carefully hidden away in the breast-pocket of his coat. Now it happened on this same lovely morning that Arthur Carring ; ton was travelling from London to his home in Gloucestershire* not far from i Maitland Court, The beauty of the scenery had no pleasing influence upou him, for, as he drove along the well known road, he thought of his blighted ( love, and a hundred times he cursed the Frenchman who had done his work so ill, and left him life to remember the bitterness of his disappointed [ passion. Then he would upbraid him ! self for his ingratitude to the Provi dence which had preserved him, and vo:v to think no more of tho girl who had rejected him, but face his future like a man, exchange into ail Indian regiment, and never see Alice Mait land again. But when the post-chaise drew up at the Maitland Arms, and the postil lion got down to water the horses and j refresh himself with a copious draught ! of ale, Carrington felt a great desire to go and see the house where he had first met his fate, and the garden where he had walked with her in the old days, seemingly so long ago, before he went abroad, and before that un lueky night at the Brussels ball. Per : haps, unseen himself, he might even catch a glimpse of his beloved-see her for the last time. Prudence told him it was a fool's erraud, but Pru dence spoke unheeded. Leaving word that he would return in half-au-hour, he took a path which led through meadow-land and corn fields in the direction of Maitland Court. Just as he was nearing the highway which divided the fields from the park, his heart beat quickly, for he heard well-known voices, and had just time to stand in the shelter of the hedge, when Alice Maitland and Major Ashby, in earnest conversation, came down the road and leant against the dividing style. They were eo iutent in conversation that they did not notice him, where he stood, not daring to move. To see her thus, with his suc cessful rival, was galling indeed ; Car rington set his teech, and hoped they would pass on down the road. He scarcely heard what they were saying, so dazed was he with the unwelcome sight, but he heard her speak his name, and held his breath, and could but listen. 'Yes,' said the major, speaking very j earnestly, ' you loved him ; but that is past; and now that he is dead, it is all i different. Surely you will not sacri- ! fice the living for the dead ?' * Do you think,' she said, speaking very slowly, and with evideut effort, j ' that-that there is no chance that be j is-is not dead ? He was only reported j amongst-the missing.' j It seemed so hard to speak out her j impossible, but fondly-cherished hope, only to be shattered by the sceptical common-sense of another. For a moment the major hesitated. It was one thing to conceal the news of a rival's safety, another to deliberately state that be believed him to be dead. She looked up at him with such an eager look in her eyes, that the major, feeling how little she cared for hitn in comparison with love for Carrington, fiercely resolved she should be his at all cost, and flung all scruple to the wind. * It is useless to deceive you with false hopes,' he said.' ' There can be no possible doubt but that Arthur Carrington was killed-if not we should have had news of him by now.' Carrington could contain himself no longer j every pulse in his body seemed to be throbbing with the exquisite tl ftt she loved him. * Wot so dead as you think, Ashby,' he exclaimed, stepping into the open from the shadow of the hedge. Alice gave a little cry-all joy, all wonderment; and would have fallen, but that Arthur caught her in his arms. 41 am delighted to have been mis taken,' retorted Ashby bravely; but, needless to say, the gallant major did not look it. 