Tt70 Gzsars. Sir George Dibbs is becoming noted for epigrammatic speeche.- 5 , letters and ?elegrams. He began wiih that cele "irated utterance of only t-.vo words, iu which, as the ghost oE Hamlet's father might say, ho condemned Chicago to '"lasting (ires." Then ho adopted a mode of settling deputations " in one act," which had the consequence of dn. ving apologies from him to some senbitror another of iuiml deputations s iit I'ave waited on him, consequent li* n his " one ;iet" demeanor having ii-jc ixated into the purely offensive. INe?, he sent :i telegram to tuu Pre mier ot Queensland, in which he said, " Xone," and which had as much e2ti t on the serenity of Queensland and her Premier a-i a mosquito would 'iai<_ on an alligator. Ami, finally, he 3J3 <-ent the .S'arrabri [>co:ile a "tcle '"> n to complain that they were ?slttij like h>3 enemies, and that " two id'-r: cannot reigu in Rome." In Tt'ftrr-ice to this telegram it may hv that Sir George himself is "one >-,ar and Mr a. 11. Ueid, leader of i .c Opposition, is the other; and the j "J the telegram came, to be sent was ; t * -Wheu the Xarrabri people in ?td tliq Miuutry aud tho (io-.-eruor *' it their town last AVeduesday, 1 the invitation was accepted, <3_ eipccted to have all the 7, guns of the Government for their 'enjoyment. But the Free-trade party, which is very wtrutij; in >,'arrabri tiow, urmiiged ior Air Jteid to hold a. meeting in the Town Hall the day after tho visit of tho Governor "and the Ministry, and when the ceresnoaies coi}ucctcci-v>iih" "tujii; ?event were over. To show that those ? .ceremonies bad. no political I significance, top, Mr llcid and several I members of tne Opposition were in vited to participate in them. Then Sir George Dibbs put un the manner in which -he settled the American. Colonel, and sent the telegram men tioned. And the Narrabri people had to put op with Jifr Jjyiie as their only visiting Minister, and they di> not seem to have thought as much of Mr Lync as that gentleman thinks of himself. And Sir Collins, who is one of the M' 3. 1 ,. for the Xamni (in which is Xarrabri) under the old electoral Act, and who is a. kind of betwixt ami be tween freetrader, orrather,asMr A ndy Ijysaght said, who is a freetrader when it suits him and a protectionist when it suits him, developed his freetrade side on this occasion, and did not honor Xarrabri with his presence during the Governor's visit. So that one way or another thero has been a nice political row over the visit of Sir Kobert W. Date to a town on the ZS'amoi. 