The Churches. On Sunday evening last, at the Congregational Church, Rev T Moore preached a sermon on " The duties of Citizenship," taking for his text the 2ist and 2nd verses of the 3rd chapter of Phillipians. The preacher said that the text suggested upon what principles true citizenship should be formed. It was considered by some that the true Christian bad little to do with this world, that he was on his way to a brighter and better one, and that this world was an evil place, to begot out oi as quickly and by the best means ppssible. This was not a true conception. True, the Christian sought a better country, he was j only a pilgrim and a sojourner here, still it was ' his duty to endeavour to make this world what it ought to be-to seek to bring the Kingdom oij Heaven dowp upon the earth, by helping to abolish sin and suffering. Heaven was not a place or a locality-it was more a spiritual con dition, Every man must feel that there existed some place or condition where everything was perfect happiness and goodness. The politicians of to-day were worldly, and were not actuated by spiritual truths; they turned with the breeze whichever way it blew, and the condition of all t^e nations were made just what they are by the absence of true citizenship. The world wanted a deliverer, and looked forward to the coming of such as did the Jews of old to the corning of Christ. This was (he feeling of the people, and it.was to be found in the newspapers, in the different literature of the day. The Churches and the body politic were so divided that they had become a body of humiliation to the people. Look at the bickerings, the strife, the petty bigotry, and the selfishness of the body ecclesias tic The Churches were not perfect, nor was the body politic. Drunkenness, larrikinism, and low and paltry strife were features of our governing powers, and they were supposed to be a council of wisdom, Some of its measures were good, but they were not applied-the law said that public houses shall be closed at a certain hour, yet the law was disregarded. Take the social body-all men were supposed to be brethren. If one man is taxed, if his land is resumed, it was for the general good, and in the interests ofequality. Yet look at the disparity between the rich and the poor-look at the divisions and the bitter strife. Men were actually dying in New South Wales from sheer starvation. The speaker instanced the case of a man who died of hunger in Parra matta, and the one who stole from a butcher's shop in one of the suburbs to save his family from starving. He said that when such things existed in a professedly Christian nation, the social condition was a body of humiliation. For the remedy some people pointed to the land; they said, administer the law so that the land must be absorbed by the people. Ia all directions men were trying to grapple with the problem, all were looking for a saviour. The preacher de nounced the present social conditions as a dis grace to humanity, to civilization, and to British Government. He said that no matter what schemes were propounded, or what laws were made to ameliorate this national suffering, it would be impossible to uplift the people unless they possessed some energy and vital power of their own. No legislation would do good for the idle* the careless, and the improvident. It was said that the poor would always be with us, and he believed it. They would have to look to Christ, to Heaven, and to the Bible for a deliverer, and this was the last direction in which the peo- i pie of New South Wales looked. Gambling was permitted in the streets of the city, crowds were allowed to assemble for political and other pur poses, but as soon as a man got up to talk of Chfist, he was Arrested. But perhaps when they had merged into bitter and hopeless misery tne leaders of the people would turn to Him, and ; teach Christianity. There was no other remedy, j Christ was love, brotherhood, sympathy, the ideal man in the ideal state, and sooner or later this fact must be recognised. It did not matter under what rule they were-whether it be abso lute monarchy, limited monarchy, or a socialistic government-so long as they had Christianity. It was true what Henry George said, that the rich man takes what belongs to another and makes him pbor. He (the preacher) did not believe in men leaving large sums of money when they died. Jay Gould was one of tbe greatest monsters that ever lived, but he did toot say tbis simply because he left millions behind him. John Wesley had said, " When I die if I'm worth more than £30 after all ipy;{t|fieral expenses are paid, count me a thief and a robber," and he was a bright ex ample of a Christian man. The great evil of to day was the desire of men to go too fast. There wasV power,intCfcristto change the existing state of things", tiiit the process would be slow. It took ages to make tbe world what it is, and God was even now leading the race slowly on to a happier state. They could not get heaven on earth in one day. First the individual must be changed, and a taste created for the new condition, before he will accept it, and when this is brought about we shall get in Parliament Christians who will not be ashamed, who will not have to apologise for their presence there, to fight for tbe truth and for God. Then His kingdom will come, and we j will have the remedy for all our social evils. i The Rev S. G. Fielding delivered the first of a series of addresses for ttte life, and work of the Apostles at St. Matthew's Church of England last Sunday evening. There was a good congregation, and hie deliverance was well appreciated. The speaker £ook out his text Act of Apostles 7th, and 49th,fy$9th verses. He said, " Picture to your selves the scene ag it actually occurrred as sugges ted by .my text. A room in the Sanhedrim,-the CourfcofJustice of the JewsI , There is a prisoner at the bar being tried for his life on a double charge. The first charge is read to hira, viz, " That he has blasphemed against God"; the second iB that he had said "Jesus of Nassarath has changed the ex isting order and customs which were delivered to Mob^» The |>risoner is asked whetheror not be is guilty of these. There is a way in which inno cence asserts itself; we can sometimes tell by the faoe whether a man is guilty of anything laid agaiast]hi% Every one turns to bim; his face, shone with A lustre as tlife angels. His face does not tndib&tfe; guilt, but innocence. Witnesses are called to prove tbat he had blasphemed against God. But how did they try him 7 Out of their own - Scriptures--the Old Testament (Scriptures). The prisoner then stands up and undertakes in this magnificient speech of his, considered to be one of the most logical aud able speeches ever de livered, so .convincing, so powerful, there is no re sisting it,-to confute the statements. A man of wonderful intellect, with great command of lan guage and an^eloguent speaker, he stirred everyone Vtho listened to J|$. had 9^ber* ing a|lot oi followers, and henoe thp mockery of a " trial" was put on foot against him by the jealous ones who had made up their minds that he was to be condemned, We must remember that the Jews considered the evidence from Scripture decisive. If Stephen could prove his innocence from Scripture there could be no further appeal in the counoil of the Sanhedrim. " Not guilty," he says, " further* I will prove it by Scripture. You intend to <um demn me whether I am ri^ht or wrong. I am ac cused of saying that (iotl dwelleth in templeB not made with hands, end with saying things against ' your holv temples, and that He is continually re vealing himself in the6e latter days. I shall prove to you that God's revelations to mankind are not confined to one place or even to one people, let alone to one temple." He (Stephen) commences with Abraham and he crushes all the arguments of the Sanhedrim. i( And now am I right or wrong ?" says Stephen. The second charge (that Jesus of Nazareth destroyed the temple) is then taken. Stephen grows more eloquent,-his cheeks glow and his utterances are those of one inspired by his Maker. The spirits of the fathers which turned the children of Noah shone forth once more and with one terrific and crushing argument he hurle upon them, " Ye stiff-necked and uncircumoised, bow long will you resist the Holy Ghost" {see chap 7). One burst of ftoger and all is over. Tney turn upon him like wild beasts and turn him out into the street with almost superhuman energy, and stone him to death, regardless of the obliga tions of Roman Law. A. sickening scene! The dying man struggles to his knees, and folding his arms, prays not for himself but for his enemies, his murderers. With the blood streaming from his lace and from his clothing he prays and says " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." And when he bad said this he fell asleep 1 A. simple prayer, which comes through the long ages of the world home to each one of us here. A prayer to save himself as well as the others. Why, his fierce anger must have spent it self after its delivery and in the silence which en sues Steven fell asleep. I have seen a storm at sea-those terrible white surges which mingle earth and heaven. Sometimes a deep supernatural silence precedes them, and then suddenly comes the white foam rushing over the ship, carrying masts and spars with it. It passes almost as suddenly as it eames and the clouds roll by, the mopn shines out showing het silvery track over the deep,-the storm is over and all is peaceful. So men who have lived christian lives and died martyrs, fighting for the truth, have been at times slandered and buffeted. The peace of God comes at last to them; the noise of the world fades away and the grace of Ghod beams upon them in all its brilliancy and blessedness. " And then he fell asleep." Many men have since tasted of that peace, and like Stephen have " fallen asleep." What a world of meaning is in these three words. The mob are howling, the blood is streaming down, but Stephen is tired-he fell asleep. He had fought hard, and had been in a difficult position. His office of deacon necessitated his distributing alms to the poor and dying. He had distributed his last, and now is asleep. The disciples pick up the mangled body, and push away the white locks from the face who prayed for his enemies, in order to gaze upon it. He is asleep; he had i done his work. He was the first witness of the I truth as it is in Jesus. But are we not witnesses j to that same truth ? The word . martyr' means i a witness. No agonizing death will come to us in our religious profusion, but surely we may be witnesses for Christ in our life and character by following in the blessed steps of His most holy life. Things may be changed. There are many people who ciing with tenacity to the old, and begin to get confused. But remember this, -there must be the trust in God through all the changing scenes of life. All will be well then despite any vicissitudes. Some one can rule the world better than we can, and the Church of Christ has nothing to fear because a few people try to dethrone some of the grand truths of our Saviour. They may seem to injure, but they can not touch the citadel itself. Truth is eternal, and if we trust in Christ, whose word can never pass away, we will find it " the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever," If new notions come to up set our faith in any way let us trust in the un changeable God and he will be with us. The words can never fail. No true word ever spoken has failed. Because they crushed Step hen, they thought they had stopped him from speaking. They killed him and crushed his voice, true, but not bis preaching. He preaches to the whole world to-day. Work done for Christ can not fail as long as it is done io singleness of heart and under the guidance and direction of God's holy spirit. Your work for God as long as it is earnestly and truly done will last for ever and cannot fail. We trust to Him to give us the power, the energy, the guidance necessary to carry on the work and the results will be success ful, the truth will be eternal, and the v/ork will last as long as time. 