ENGLISH LEGENDS. BY W. LEES FLEETWOOD, M.A., CANTAB. There is a curious story told of the death of a Yorkshire sportsman. Squire Dimsdale, of Ilkley, had been, one of the fastest, most boisterous, and reckless country gentlemen in the days when George III. was king ; he had been great at racing, hunting and gambling; He had ruu away"with another man's wife, and shot her injured hushaudin a .duel. But now the season had arrived that ho must account for that or tiny other of his misdeeds, for the Squire ot Ilkley lay upon his death-bed. and an awful night it was- A fearful tempest -was raging outside;thewind was blowing in a hur ricane, tearing off huge boughs from the trees and-whirling them round as if they had "been twigs; thcrnin was dashing in sheets against the windows- The doctor had declared that the old squire could not l:ist the night out: in tho great hall the grooms, huntsmen, and servants were huddled together orer an enormous fire, expecting every moment to hear that their master's soul had winged its flight. Suddeidy there was a trampling of feet ou the stairs, mingled witb^ the entreaty ingtoncs of a woman's voice, and, to the surprise of all. in rushed the ;squire with the nurse hanging on his arm, hut he shook her off; his face was that of a (joiwe' he had ou his scarlet hunting coat, cap, and hoots. So ghastly was the ; spectacle that somo of the more timid: -were inclined to "believe that it was not the squire hut a speetre that met their i £?ize. His voice, however, soon roused them to their senses;he shoutedhoarselv for a hriuiining'tumbler of "brandy, and when ho had drained it to the bottom. " Tarn out the hounds, and saddle me lightning Bess,"" he cried, " I'll have one more run on the turf before I am laid under it." The men dared not but obev, for sever ?m life had a niau ojr bo\ ventured to Tcfuse to do Squire Duns dale's bidding: so, despite the entreaties of the nurse, who alone, of those present, dared io remonstrate, the dogs were fetched from the tennols, and the maro saddled aud brought to the door. Then in a delirium of fever and brandy, the squire put his foot in the shrrup and swumc himself across Xiightning Bess s back for the last rido; it was a scene that must- have brought to tho spectators minds the ghostly rides of Heme the Hunter-as described in Harmon Ains worth's novel of ""Windsor Cnstle' -in "Windsor Forest, or the spectre huufe of the "Wild Huntsman so celebrated 11. Ger man song and legend. Meanwhile the hounds were thrown off and found a fox; then away went the squire and lightning Bess who seemed as if a demon possessed her, hedges and ditches, ho-vever high the former or however broad the latter, stopped not for an instant the career of the "hastlv huntsman and his mare. So fastwas the pace that none of his fol lowers could keep up with the madsqmre of Hkley: but ever and anon, when fitful "?leams of the moon broke through the clouds-the tempest had cleared off a good deal l»y the time they started-they could- catch sight of a iraird and Hyin^ Wre far ahead* All at oneea-vvild and unearthly shriek echoed through the mid nicht blast, and lightning Bess was seen dashing on riderless, after the pack that were still in full cry. When they got to the spot from "whence the slrriefc lwd risen, they found the prostrate form of Squire Diuisdale, and the moonlight plaving o'er his ghastly features, now distorted bvthe agonies of death, showed that the Squire of Ilkley had had, as he said he would, his last hunt-and was now a corpse. Few names turn up more frequently in Cumberland thn.ii Gunson. Old. Cambridge men will rocollect what an excellent classical lecturer a late Fellow of Christ's College, Gunson, was; he and the Rev. G. H. Heslop, late Head Master of St. Bees Grammar School, were, I believe, both educated together at Sedberg Gram- mar School, in Yorkshire, under Heppen- stall of Emmanuel. What Arnold is said to have been to Rugby. G. 13. L. Cotton (late Bishop of Calcutta) to Maryborough. Kcnnedv to Shrewsbury, Thring to Uppingham, Heppenstall was to f5edb'-rS "VVhile he was head master of tliis York shire Grammar School it turned out r number of distinguished classicsat Oxford and Cambridge. Ono bearer of the namo of Gunson does not, however, appear ma favorable light in Xorth Country legend; this is the celebrated witch, Dame Ailic Guuson, to whom, according to legend, Criffel. the highest, mountain in Dum friesshire, owes its origin. Tradition says that this celebrated and malignant witch had suffered some inconvenience or inj ury while she was crossing the Sol way 1-irfh in a slipper, which she had changed by magic into a boat; she. therefore, re solved, in revenge, to dam up the entrance to the Solwav, and had collected a great creelful of earth and rocks for this pur pose. As, with measured strides, she was advancing to block up for ever the en trance to the Firth, an old and pious sailor saw her. and thrice blessed lihuself ; as each blessing sounded from his lips a small fountain fell out of Dame Ailic Gunson's creel. The last and largest of which heaps formed Criffel, while tre former ones formed its lesser and imme diate companions. According to this storv Criifel means 44 crcel fell becsni-'ic where Criffel now stands the witch, in despair, dropped her entire load-the crcel aud all the earth and rocks it con tained. m the legends of our Northern ances tors, fights with ghostly warriors play a groat part. The fierce Northmen were constantly seeking out such opponents, and delighted to ransack the graves of dead heroes, whose spirits they believed protected their tombs, for tho purpose of wresting from them their swords and other weapons to which they often attri buted magical powers. The forest of Glenuiorcv in tho Xorih Highlands of Scotland, was believed to be haunted by a ghost called " XJiaiu-dearg," which ap l>eared in the form of an ancient warrior, having a bloody hand, from which he acquired his name. Anyone he met he used to compel to fight with him; and a clergyman, who wrote an account of the district, which is in the Macfarlano SIS. in the Advocates' library at Edinburgh, says that in his time the " Iiiam-dearg " fought with three brothers, whom he en countered in his walks, none of whom long survived their encounter with the spirit. Saso Grammaticus tells the fol lowing story, which is also mentioned by Sir Walter Scott. Two Xorse princcs, Asmund aud Assueit, had formed a brotherhood - in - arms, involving the firmest friendship and constant support in all the adventures they should under take during life, aud binding them by a solemu compact that after the death of either, the surrivor should descend alive. into the tomb of his brothcr-in- amis and consent to be buried with him. On As mund fell the dread task of fulfiling vtliis awful compact; his companion, Assueit, having been slain in .battle. According to an'dent Northern custom, the tomb was made 011 some conspicuous spot; it was a vault, over which a sepulchral heap was 7»iled. Thewar horses of Asmund and Assueit were introduced into the tomb, arms, trophies, &c.;, were also deposited there ; perhaps the blood of victims shed. "When the funeral rites had been duly celebrated, Asmund descended into the dark and narrow vault, and sat down by his deiid brother-in-arhis, without a word or look that testified regret or unwillingness to fill his terrible engage ment ; then the soldiers heaped up a large wound on the ton of tlic to tub, and mourning for their gallant leaders, de parted. A hundred years had passed and gono, when a noble Swodish rover, in search of adventures and accompanied by si numerous and valiant band, arrived at the place of the sepulchre, of, the two princes. The story wne told to the sea king, who resolved to, the tomb of the two heroes; both bccause he thought it an. heroic action to brave the wrath of the spirits aud the departed"warriors, aud also because he hoped to find valuable, perhaps even magical, arms in the vault. He set his monto work and soon toot array the earth and stones 'from the entrance; but the boldest of the rovers started back when, instead of the silence of the tomb, they heard within horrid cries, tho clash of swords, the clang of armor, and all the noise of mortal combat lietsveen two furious champions. A daring j-ouug warrior volunteered to be lowered by a cord and see .what was going on below but he had hardly reached the bottom when someono threw him out of the noose, and ascended in his place. "When the "soldiers drowtheropo up to the top, what was their surprise to behold, not their comrade, but Asmund, the survivor of the brethren-in-aruis. He bounded into the . open ? air, his drawn sword in his hand, his armor hitlf torn from his body, the left side of his face almost scratched off, as by tho talons of some wild bsast- He at once began to chant a string of improvised verses-at I which all the Northern warriors were adepts-relating his hundred years' combat in the tomb. From these it ap peared that hardly had the sepulchre been closed, than the corpse of the dead Assucit rose froiu the ground, inspired^ by sonic evil demon or 'some ravenous' ghoul, iind having first torn to pieces and devoured tho horses, threw himself upon his brother-in-arms, Asmund, to' serve him in the same way; but tho latter hero, in no way disheartened by the horrors of the situation, stood stoutly to his arms, and .defended himself right valiantly against Assueit, or rather the evil spirit which had taken possession of the war rior s body. In this jjinamicr the super natural combat went on for one hundred years, when Asmund, having at length obtained the mastery and overthrown his adversary, drove a stake through his hody, aud so compelled him to rest quietly in the tomb. Having chanted, in triumphant tones, an account of the combat and his own victory, the mangled Asmund fell dead before them. ITere is another somowhat similar story. Gervase of Tilbury (Otia Im perial. ap. Script, rer. Brunsvie) tells us how a valiant and powerful baron, named Osbert. visited a noble family near "VVandlebuiy, in the bishopric of Ely. According to tho custom of that age, numerous legends and stories were told around the fireside of his friends: among them one that if any knight, unattended, rode on to a neighboring plain, orcommon, bv moonlight, und challenged any op ponent to meet him. ho would be at once encountered by a spirit in the shape of a knisht. This legend took so much hold on Osbert's imagination that he deter mined to put it to the test; so. aecom jKUiied by only a single squire, he rode out one night, and when they arrived at the edge of the haunted plain, he bade his squire stop there, and rode on him self. This plain was surrounded by an ancient intrnnchment, which Osbert rodo through and gave forth his challenge; he was at once assailed by a mounted ad versarv. whom he <piiclvly unhorsed, and at the'same time sei7.ed" the rcius of his (ilinr'rcr. But, while ho was doing this liia unearthly antagonist sprang ^to his feet, and, using his spear as a javeh'u, hurleu it into Osbert's thigh; notwith standing his wound, however, Osbert carried off the horso (which was of great beauty and strength, and W!is--ae was also liis saddle and the rest of his epuip ments-of a black color) in triumph. On his return, he gave this sable charger into the care his servants; but it only re mained with,the man who had eliargeof it till "cock-crowing," when, "with eves flashing fire, it reared, spurned the irround. and vanished." "When Osbert was taking off his armor he noticed, apparently for the first time, thatlie was wounded, and found tliat one of his steel boots was full of blood; ever after, so Gervase of Tilbury says, till Osbert's death, the scar of this wound opened a train'011 the anniversary of the night in \vliich he was engaged in this super uaturnl 