A SUMMARY OF HIS LIFE. STUDENT . AND PBIEST. I The Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, D.D., Archbishop of Adelaide, was born in the Irish capital on July 25, 1834, and had therefore nearly attained , his 59th year. His early studies wer5 i conducted under the Carmelite Fathers at .! dondalkin, -uear Dublin. In 1852 he ■, went to Italy to pursue his studies. With this object he remained, three years at the : Benedictine Monastery at Lublace, in the Papal States.; Finding that the Italian climate did not agree with him the future ' archbishop accepted the invitation of ; Dr., Lerra, ' to accompany him to Western Australia, and they arrived * in Fremantle pn -May 24, 1855. . The, intention of founding ;a Bene , dictine Convent - in Perth having been* abandoned < for the ..time, the young ■' student,*, after; spending two years ;ii^ \- Western- Australia, came to' Adelaide -in o March, 1855; where Dr. Murphy,-the first Bishop of Adelaide, who! then ruled tlie '' hewiy formed 'dibceto,' TOimly -welcomei lumV He ptoceedfed tb theJesuit Colleg1 ' at SeyenhUlsi, to complete -his ecciesiastii studies, Dr. Byrne, the : present Yicar Gfine|nl,s t>?i4g • * fellow student. A| Sevenhills Dr.—then plain Mr. Reynolds. —remained till 1860. His health was not very strong during this period, but he pursued his studies assiduously, and in 1860 his aspirations were gratified, and he received the holy order of the priesthood from Dr. Geoghegan, Bishop Murphy's successor. Then began a career of ad ministration as a missionary priest in various parts of the colony.- For a time Father Reynolds was stationed in Ade laide, but on the death of Father Snell, whom old colonists will remember, he was appointed to Morphett Yale, the pioneer church of the colony. The copper mines having been discovered on Northern Torke's Peninsula about this time, he was appointed to. make fortnightly visitations to the mining districts, which he con tinued to do for some time, during which he erected the Church of the Sacred Heart, Eadina. In those early times travelling was much more arduous work than it is in these days of railways and macadamised roads. Father Reynolds endured many hardships during his jour neying. He never spared himself, but was always ready at the call of duty. The toils and hardships of travelling were somewhat relieved by his appointment by Bishop Shiels to the charge of the mission of SS. Peter and Paul's, Gawler. Here Father Reynolds lived and labored for some years, endearing himself to the hearts of his people by his kindness, charity, and the zealous discharge of his priestly duties. He made many friends whilst in charge of the Gawler mission, by whom his ministering there is lovingly remembered, and who were also regarded by him throughout his subsequent career with warm affection. On the death of Father Smith, V.G., Father Reynolds' abilities were recognised by his being appointed one of the Commission formed to manage the diocese during Bishop Shiels' absence in Rome. The bishop did not long survive his return from the Eternal City. He died on March 1, 1872. On the recommendation of the priests of the diocese, Father Reynolds was ap pointed administrator by Archbishop Polding, of Sydney, pending the selection of Bishop Shiels' successor. The ad ministrator performed his arduous duties zealously and satisfactorily. Into the perplexities and dissensions which dis tracted tiie diocese during that troubled time we do not wish to enter. It was the most trying period in the history of Catholicity in South Australia, and when in 1873 Dr. Reynolds was appointed by the Holy See as BISHOP OF ADELAIDE he found difficulties surrounding him that might well discourage a stronger man. He persevered in his duties with characteristic industry and self-denial. The most eloquent comment on his ad ministration and the best monument of its success is the list of churches, schools, and charitable institutions, which he established throughout the colony, the number of priests and religious orders which he introduced. Dr. Reynolds was consecrated Bishop of Adelaide on No vember 2, 1873, the Sunday within the Octave of All Saints. The imposing ceremony took place in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. Dr. Polding, Arch bishop of Sydney, who had also conse crated the three previous occupants of the See—Bishops Murphy, Geoghegan, and Shiels—officiated, and was assisted by Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, and the late Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane. For five or six years the new bishop was busily engaged in performing his episcopal functions and putting the affairs of the diocese in order. In 1879, in accordance with the ecclesiastical regulations, which require every bishop to visit the Holy See, he arranged to proceed to Rome. Replying to an address presented to him before his departure, his lordship thus referred to his labors—" Since the provi dence of God burdened me with the charge of this vast diocese I have scarcely had a moment's rest. I have laid the first stone of about 30 new churches and school chapels throughout the diocese. I have confirmed 11,030 persons, and have travelled 52,879 miles on visitation alone. I am now undertaking a journey for the welfare of the diocese which may double that mileage ere I return to the colony. Nothing but a sense of duty and the invitation of the Sovereign Pontiff could induce me to tear myself from my flock, but rest assumed that I shall not delay my jreturn an hour longer than is absolutely necessary for the interest of religion and education in this diocese." The bishop's visit to the Eternal City was some relaxation from his trying duties, though he was laboring in the interests of his diocese during his absence. He was most affectionately received by the Holy Father, atid during his stay-in Rome he was en&bled; to renew his acquaintance with the scenes of his early days and visited the Benedictine Convtenty where he was educated. He also visited Great Britain and Ireland, and spent some "time with his friends in Dublin.. He was not fprgetful of the wants of his diocese during his absence, and on his return iff June, 1881, he brought with him twelve priests and twenty-four Sisters of Mercyij The sisters established schools in: Adef laide mad Mount Gambier, and have alsbfl iaken. charge of the Orphanage atfltedq Wood.: - His Ibtdship 'always - manifested Hie greafcest interest in their work, and during his illness a couple of years ago the good nuns nursed him through it. I After his return from Europe the bishop devoted himself to the cares of his episcopate. He -visited nearly every part of bis large fHocese, opening churches and 1 schools, holding confirmation services, 1 and generally promoting the interest of j religion throughout the colony. APPOINTED ARCHBISHOP I at the first Plenary Council of the! Catholic prelates of Australia, which was J held in Sydney in November, 1885, under I the presidency of Cardinal Moran, asj Apostolic delegate, it was recommended I that Adelaide should be raised to the dignity of an Archiepiscopal See, with Perth, Port Augusta, and Port Victoria! as Suffragan Sees.. This recommendation was approved by Pope Leo XHL, and in May, 1887, the archdiocese was pro claimed, and Dr. Reynolds was raised to I the rank of archbishop. The colony was I divided, the archdiocese comprising roughly all the territory south of the Counties of Victoria, Burra, Young, and Hamley, and covering an area ofj 40,000 square miles. The northern por- j tion of the colony was created the Diocese j of Port Augusta, and Dr. O'Reily, the 1 present occupant of the See, was ap 1 pointed the first bishop. Archbishop ] I Reynolds's enthronement and investiture 1 1 with the pallium took place in St. Francis I Xavier's Cathedral, Adelaide, on Sunday,! September 11, 1887. Car#nal Moran officiated, and Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, the Venerable Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart, Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, N.Z., Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth, W.A. (Suffragan to the Archbishop of Adelaide), Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wil I cannia, and Dr. .Corbett, Bishop of Sale. | Such an assemblage of Catholic prelates had never before been seen in South! Australia. Dr. O'Haran, the Cardinal s! Private Secretary, read the Papal briefs I creating Adelaide an Archiepiscopal See, and Dr. Reynolds was then invested with the pallium by Cardinal Moran, as Apostolic delegate. The Bishop of Dunedin (Dr. Moran) was the preacher [selected for the occasion, and he delivered an eloquent sermon. The raising of the See of Adelaide to | Archiepiscopal dignity, and the appoint I merit of Dr. Reynolds as the first arch bishop, was regarded by the Catholics of I South Australia as a special work of favor I from the Holy See, and an indication^ of I | the growing importance of the Australian I church. The newly created archbishop bore his additional honors with dignity | and continued his self-denying labors] among his flock. As a mark of the esteem in which he was held, the Catholic laity of South Australia presented him | with a purse of 500 sovs. Dr. Reynolds' growing infirmities rendered it impossible j for him to take as active a part in public matters as he would probably have wished to do, but he joined in many charitable philanthropic projects. He was an earnest advocate of temperance, and a total I abstainer himself. He made it a practice to administer a pledge to all children whom he confirmed, binding them to abstain from all intoxicants till they attained the age of 21, rightly judging that if the evil habit, was not acquired in I youth the temptation could be more easily I I conquered in after life. He was always 1 glad to help and encourage members of his flock starting in business or in any undertaking, and was a friend and a I counsellor to all who consulted him. In the work of education he always took the greatest interest. He introduced the I Christian Brothers and the Sisters I [of Mercy into the diocese, and assisted their efforts in every possible I wav. He was most outspoken in Ins I denunciation of the injustice which Catholics suffer under the present system of public education. Though somewhat austere in his manner, Dr. Reynolds was j kind and warm-hearted, and always re membered . old friends. He was a patriotic Irishman also, though not ostentatious in displaying his love for the land of his birth. At the time of the visit of the Redmond Brothers and other delegates from the Irish party, the j [deceased prelate attended the meetings in] the Town Hall and made some stirring speeches. As a preacher Archbishop Reynolds was earnest and impressive. I He was very happy in short addresses on I special occasions. At the Plenary Council in Sydney in 1885 he was selected to preach in St. Mary's Cathedral, and his I able discourse on that occasion was pub- j lished and widely circulated. He bad a full sonorous voice which used to be heard to advantage in intoning High Mass. In appearance he was full ofj dignity with a benevolent expression of countenance, and hi his episcopal robes J looked every inch a bishop.. His bodily] infirmities rendered him at times a little] irritable, but his good nature scion j asserted itself. During his last trying illpess His Grace was most patient and] considerate and resigned to his fate. THE LYING IN STATE IN THE CATHEDRAL.] It was the wish -of the late archbishop j that he should be buried in the grounds! of the Dominican Convent, at Cabra, one! of . the noblest works of his episcopate. ] Arrangements were made for the funeral! to take place on Wednesday, and that thel body should be removed to the catheJ—rl on Monday evening and lie in state in the sacred edifice until the funeral. The corpse was laid out in a room at West Terrace, and after being coffined was removed to the cathedral. The procession attended at the sacred edifice about 10 o'clock, and was met at the door by the Vicar-General (Dr. Byrne), Ven. Arch deacon Russell, and Fathers McEvoy, Comes, and Hurley, and several acolytes. The cathedral was clothed in mourning, sombre draperies being suspended from the columns and gas jets. The altar-was denuded of its ornaments, and the throne from which the deceased prelate had so often ministered to his faithful people, was also draped in black. A catafalque was erected in front of the sanctuary, on which the coffin containing the remains of the beloved archbishop was placed. He was robed in full pontificals. Upon the head was the mitre. The body was habited in a purple cassock, with chasuble and stole. On his breast rested the pallium, and round his neck was the pectoral chain and cross, whilst on the left side lay his crozier. Three tall candles draped in purple burned on either side of the bier. At the foot of the catafalque the archbishop's coat of arms was placed, and those of his family, with other emblematic representa tions, showingJiie Sacred Heart, to which His Grace chmshet^a special devotion, the SoutheriifiCrosjSijid views of Irish scenery. The ArcHuMmpal Cross stood at the head of the catafalque, and at the foot beneath the coat of arms was the motto—"Domine non recuso laborem"— •' Lord, I do not refuse the labor." A serene and happy expijpssion rested upon the care-worn features of the dead. Thousands of people visited the cathedral on Tuesday to offer their prayers for the repose of the soul of their beloved arch bishop. In the morning several masses were said from 6 to 8.30 a.m. In the evening, at 5 o'clock, the vespers for the dead were chanted. Before 10 p.m. on Tuesday evening the cathedral was closed, and the coffin was closed. The mitre was removed from his head and placed at his feet. The ring which he received at his consecration as Bishop of Adelaide was removed from his finger—this he gave to Dr. O'Connell before his death as a mark of appreciation. Then the coffin was closed, and the beloved face of the dead hid for ever from view on earth. THE BEQOIEU MASS. The hour for the requiem to begin was first fixed for 10 a.m. on Wednesday, but it was postponed till 10.30 to await the arrival of the prelates who were coming by the Melbourne express. Long before the hour appointed the cathedral was full. The day was wet and wintry, yet hundreds stood outside in the wet and cold through the long service, unable to obtain admittance. Within the sacred edifice the scene was most impressive. The coffin rented on the catafalque, covered with black velvet pall, edged with purple, with candles on either Bide. The front Beats on either side were reserved for the Sisters of Mercy, the Sisters of St. Joseph, and the Dominican Nuns. Dr. O'Connell, the late archbishop's medical attendant, had a place reserved near the bier, Mr. Aloysius McDonald, J. P., being on the opposite Bide. At ten minutes past 11 His Honor the Chief Justice (Dr. S. J. Way), accompanied by his associate (Mr. Taylor), the Hon. G. C. Hawker, M.P., Commissioner Peterswald, and Brigade-Major Stuart, arrived, and were ac commodated with seats round the bier. At 11.30 His Excellency the Governor, ac companied by Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon (acting-commandant) and Captain Milner, A.D.C., arrived. Thay were shown to seats specially provided for them by the Ven. Arch priest Kevin. The following prelates and clergy assisted at the Bequiem Mass and attended the funeral:— Archbishop Carr (Melbourne). Bishop Moore (Ballarat), Bishop Dunne (Wilcannia), Bishop Corbett (Sale), Bishop O'Reily (Port Augusta), Very Rev. Dr. Byme (Vicar-General of the Archdiocese), Rev. J. Maher (Vicar-General of Port Augusta Diocese), the Hon. and Very Rev. Father Plunkett, C.S., S.R., Fathers Reschauer, S. J., Peters, S. J., Nenbauer, S. J., Karlinger, S.J., O'Dowling, S.J., Herden, S.J., O'Brien, S. J., and Dietel, S. J., Prior Murphy, O.C.C., Fathers Carr, O.C.C., Ken delin, O.C.C., and Kelly, 0,C.C., and the following secular priests :—Very Rev. Arch priest Kevin, Ven. Archdeacon Russell, Very Revs. Deans Kennedy (North Adelaide) and Ryan (Mount Gambierj, and the Revs. G. Williams (Port Adelaide), T. F. O'Neill (Salis bury), F. J. O'Neill and F. Collier (North Ade laide), A. Gandolfiand J. A. Comes (Goodwood), C. O'Donnell (Willunga), J. _ B. Norton (Petersburg), R. Doyle (Carrieton), P. A. Enright (Kadina), P. Landy and J. Martin (Mount Barker), T. Lee (Marrabel), M. Delahunty (Manoora), G. Pierce (Balaklava), M. Maher (Naracoorte), and J. Healv, W„1 McEvoy, J. B. MacMahon, P. Hurley, T. J> Cosgrave, and T. Doheny (West Terrace). , At 10.25, the bishop and clergy emerged from the presbytery and arranged themselves in the sanctuary, round the High Altar. The office for the dead was then chanted by Fathers Norton and Hnrley, the others joining in .the responses. At the conclusion of the office, the Requiem Mass was celebrated, the Very Rev. G. Williams officiating, with Rev. Father Cos grove as deacon, and. Rev. T. F. O'Neill as sub deacon. The service imu most impressive. At the Gospel the tapers Were lighted, each prelate and priest carrying one, and the assemblyroSe. After the Gbspdl, thecandles were extinguished, but were re- lighted from the Preface to the aid of the Communion. The choir sang the Mass responses effectively. After the Mass, the large cross, draped in mourning,1' was carried Info the sahctnary by Father (O'Neill, inptocession. Awhbfchop Carri '^nii Hihops Dunbe, Moore,; and Corwtt •were robed in sable vestments, and with their mitres on seated themselves round the bier. A psalm was then sung, the priests holding, lighted candles. ArchbifhopCarr walked round the bier sprinlding holy water, and offering incense, after which he-pronounced the absolu tion. The Bishops ofBallarat, Sale, and Wilcan nia then performed the same ceremony, and the bishops and clergy filed in procession back into' the sanctuary. . Before, leaving ..the; cathedral, the Chief Justice placed a beautiful wreath beside the coffin, THE FONEBAL. Thefuneral was arranged for 2 o'clook, Mr. V. Siebert being the undertaker. Notwithstand ing the heavy rain, Wakefield Street, in front of the' cathedral, was filled by a sorrowing assemblage, which extended far down the street. There must have been 5,000 people present. Fourteen foot and sixteen mounted police, who were under the command of Inspector Sullivan, kept the road and footway in front of the cathedral clear. The hearse^ followed by nine mourning coaches, arrived just before 2 o'clock, and took up a position immedi ately in front of the cathedraL The hearse, ; an open one, was drawn by four horses carry-' wg plumes and mourning trappings. As each carriage arrived it took up a position in order behind the mourning coaches, whilst the various organisations connected with the church, the; members of which marqjmd on foot, were; formed up in front, the aeBtteB preceding the: hearse. Shortly o'cwck the cathedral was opened, tteyd^p: Covered with the pall; was borne to theBPse. The procession was headed by his Grace Archbishop Garr, the Bight Rev. Dr. Moore, the Right Rev. 'Dr.; Corbett, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, and the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reily. Then followed the coffin, which was home by Fathers Cosgrove, O'Dowling, Lee, Gandolfi, and Landy, thji pall-bearers being the Chief Justice, Mr. R»; Barr Smith, Mr.. A. McDonald, Mr. L. Conrad,' Dr. O'Coiinell, Mr. W. J. Peterswald (Commis sioner of Police), and Mr. C. James. The; priests followed chanting the " Tanlum Ergo." At 2.20 p.m. the procession pro ceeded along Grote Street, through the: moving multitude which thronged the street. It was probably the largest funeral ever seeu in Adelaide, extending over two miles. There were about 150 vehicles. In front of the pro cession, at a short distance followed Mr, T. Healy, bearing aloft a massive and handsome crucifix draped with black and purple. The girls from the following Catholic schools—the Dominican Convent, Sisters of Mercy, Sisters of St. Joseph, and the children of the Society of Mary came next, to the number of about 200,' marching in quadruple order. Then followed the boys of the Sisters of Mercy school, and then the members of the city and Surburban Catholic literary societies—St. Patrick's, City ; St. Raphael's, Parkside ; St. Ignatius', 'Nor wood ; and St. Laurence's, JNorth Adelaid^ the members from the Guild of St, John tih Baptist Temperance Society, who ,were heade by the spiritual director, Father-He&ay;, Mr. P. Martin (the chairman), Mr. D. O'Mahoney (vice-chairman), Messrs. P. Linehan, J. Walsh, J. Galvin, H. M. Muller (committee), and Mr. J. Luddy (secretary); the members ot the Arch- Confraternity of tire Holy Family in their official badgeB, numbering about 150; the students of the Christian Bros.' College, led by the principal, the Rev. Brother J. G. Hughes and Brother Hayes, with a numerical strength of 108, and wearing black crape roBettes faced with a white cross; the members of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, arrayed in their conspicuous green regalia,were present in large numbers, about 280 being in the line of march. With them was Mr. J. W. Howard, a founder and past chief president of the Victorian branoh. The. juveniles of the same order succeeded, wearing black rosettes with white crosses over their regalia. The chief officials representing the various societies in the procession were Messrs. E. F. Troy, F. Duigan, H. Sheridan, J. P. Brooker, J. Dowling, J. Bradley, C. Hart, D. Youbg, P. Martin, J. Young, W. O'S. Brookes, H. Harvey, J. Healy, P. McCormick, M. Mannion, and Broderick, while Messrs. Duignan, Sheridan, Healy, Troy, F. B. Keogh, and R. J. Cavanagh arranged the marshalling and order of the line of march. At a quarter past 2 o'clock the hearse slowjy moved away from the precincts of the cathe dral. It waa followed by nine mourning carriages, containing:— His Grace the Most Rev. T. J. Carr, Arch bishop of Melbourne. The MoBt Rev. James Moore, D.D., Bishop j of Ballarat. The Most Rev. J. Dunne, D.D., Bishop of| Wilcannia: The Most Rev. J. O'Reily, D.D., Bishop of Port Augusta. The Most Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale. The Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, Administrator of the Archdiocese of Adelaide; the Ven. Archdeacon Russell; the Archpriest, Very Rev. B. Nevin; the Revs. J. Maher and Plunkett, C.8.S.R., vend, the other clergymen as given previously. ' . The funeral cortege proceeded slowly to the Dominican Convent, Cabra. A large crowd jhad collected in. front: of the Convent gates, where a number of constables had been stationed, but previous to the coffin being borne in only a few had been admitted. In t}ie enclosure v of the little cemetery in the south western corner, where lies the body of the first Prioress of the Dominican Convent, Sister Marj Teresa Moore, were assembled Mis. Baiter, Miss Baker, Mrs. Gunson, Mrs. C. C. Kingston, Mrs. MoDonald, Miss Ross, Miss fiahkin,and Mrs. Leahy. The children under ; ^ejcate of the Sisters of Mercy and the Domteicaa^opvent were in attendance; also ; ^theConlxaterwty of ^the Children of Mary, " Wearing the hide ribbons and silver medals of thpirorder, ,;The grave had beendugin the western end of fhe litue oemetety almost at the foot of that of ^ j|^t Prioress, ovcx which stands a chaste mohnmeUVwith a simple hbseription in Latin, rlhernembers of .the var|ons Sddetiee and Con.-. ; firat^ntite r^gedthemi^jte on eStherride of dcffijn, preceded by the ■Jmim oentre to the grave by the bearers, the Amongst the givers of floral tributes were Mrs. Barr Smith. Mrs. C. C. Kingston, Mrs. Baker, Mrs. P. E. Tnxford, Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Norman, Dr. O'Connell, Mr. L. Conrad, Mr. and Mrs. Turner and Miss Du Chasne, Mr. F. Herring, Mrs.1 Siebert, Mrs. Deeney, the Goodwood Orphanage, and -the Convents. St. Patrick's literary Society sent an elegant wreath of white flowers, with chaste in memo riam card inscribed. He is frone who seemed bo great, Gone, but nothing can bereave him Of the force he made his own Being' hare, and we believe him Something fax advanced in state. And that he wears a truer crown. Than any wreath that man can weave him. A number of other wreaths were sent. The coffin was of polished cedar, and had upon it a small silver cross at each end. At the head of the coffin was the Arcbiepiscopal Cross, and underneath Dr. Reynolds's coat of arms with his motto, Domine won recuse laboretn. The inscription was as follows Illms. et Revdmus. in ChriBto Dominus Christopherus Anguatinus Reynolds, , Archiepisoopus Adelaidensis, rite mnnitus obdor* mirit in Domino Die 12 Junii A.D. 1893, setatis 69. The service was read by Archbishop Carr.' The Miserere was recited, followed by the sen tences' beginning In paradisum deducant te angeli (May the angels lead thee into paradise), and the anthem, "lam the resurrection and the life." / Holy water, was sprinkled on the coffin. With the lUquiacut in pace, the last sad ceremony concluded, .and the sorrowing people turned away, leaving the loved arch bishop at rest, bis long day's work accom plished. * Amongthose present we noticed Lieutenant Colonel Gordon (representing His Excellency the Governor), Sir J. W. Downer, Hon. J. Coles (Speaker of the House of Assembly), and the following members of parliament:—Hons. C. C. Kingston, J. H. Howe, A. Catt, J. V. O'Loghlin, Dr. Cookbnm, and T. Playford, Messrs. P. P. Gillen, J. C^ P. Johnson, L. O'Loughlin, V. L. Solomon, A. Short, J; McLachlan, T. Price, J. A. McPherson, F. J. Hourigan, T. H. IJrooker, F. W. Coney beer, R Wood, E. L. Batchelor, R. Hooper, A. Poyn ton, A. McDonald, J. G. Jenkins, R. Hom burg, W, Blacker, E. W. Hawker, G. H. Lake, J. R. Kelly. F. W. Holder, and R. W. Foster. Brother Hughes and the Christian Brothers. Mr. Justice Bundey, Hon. A. Campbell, M.L.C., Dr. Marten, Dr. Barlow, Police Inspectors Hunt, Sullivan, and Besley, Mr. E. J. Woods, Mr. M. Holtze (Director of the Botanic Gardens), Dr. Clindening, and Dr. HyneB. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. C. Wilcox!, Aldermen Sketbeway, Buik, Whelan, and Hagedorn, and Councillors Pullin, Myers, Robertson, Sellar, Packer, Wells, Smeaton, Brice, and Johnson, the ex-Mayor (Mr. F. W. Bullock), the Assistant Town Clerk (Mr. A. Wright), and the Park Lands Ranger (Mr. W. H. Campbell). Dean Marryat, Archdeacons Farr and Morse, RevB. W. Carr, A. T. Boas (Jewish Rabbi) and A. Rosenthal (Assistant Hebrew minister), and Messrs. S. Saunders, M. L. Isaacs, I. Asher, M. Salom, and S. Rosengarten (representing the Adelaide Hebrew Congregation), and Mr. J. J. Virgo (of the Y.M.C.A.). The Mavor of Port Adelaide (Mr. C. Tucker) and the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. T. White). Messrs. P. McM. Glynn, President of the Irish National Federation, G. W. Hawkes, G. H. Butler, C. W. James, W. P. Day, H. W. Thompson, C. D. O'Leary, J.Power, J.N. Hennessy, J. H. Schickel, C. Lillecrapp, F. Redman, J. F. Mahony, M. Cahill, D. McMahon, J. Mullins, B. Lynch, J. J. Leaby, E. W. Heuzenroeder, M. Dowdy, M.H. Madge, F. E. Benda, M. F. Cavanagh, W. Blunt, M. J. Meagher <Gawler), P. Hines, J.P. (Blum berg), L. Conrad, J. P. Landvogt, P. Healy, P. Cullen, J. G. Addison, J. Deeney, Ahearn, D. McNamara, W. J. O'Leary (Salisbury), S. J. Skipper, T. Slattery, C. Kelly, J. L. Bonython, and J. H. Weidenhofer, the mem bers of the District Executive of the H A.G.B. Society and Mr. J. W. Howard, one of the founders of the Hibernian Society in Melbourne. The troopers who had to remain out in the drenching rain were thoughtfully entertained at the Cabra Convent by the good nuns. Hot sonp being provided for them. WOBKS OF BIS EPISCOPATE. The following churches have been erected in the Archdiocese of Adelaide:— St. Paul's, Mount Gambier. St. Alphonsus, Millicent. St. Teresa, Allandale. St. Mary's, Bordertown. St. Barnabas, Strathalbyn. Our La'dy of the Rosary, Stirling East. St. Bartholomew, Maitland. St. Bridget, Warooka. St. Columba, Yorketown. St. Aiden, Colton. St. Canice, Snowtown. St. Vincent de Paul, Port Wakefield. St. Cecilia, Arthurton. St Michael's, Clare. •Holy Cross, Goodwood. St. Raphael's, Parkside. Our Lady of the Angels, Thebarton. St John and Paul, Tarlee. St. Laurence O'Toole, Eudunda. St Andrew, Ap., Balaclava. Our Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide. Church of the Holy Ghost (Dominican), North Adelaide. St Mary's "Sedes Sapient®," Beulah Road. St Martin of Tonrs, RedhilL St. Malacby's, Mallala. The additions to St Francis Xavier's Cathedral. The following churches have been erected in the new Diocese of Port AuguBta:— Ail Saints Cathedral^ Port Angnsta. Immaculate Conception, Quern. St Thomas of Canterbury, flookisia. ' St Gabriel's, Craddoqjc. St. Raphael's, Carrietpn. St. Dominio's, Willochra. St Clement's, Melrae. St Yirgilius, Yatina. SS. Philip and James, Yarrowie. St Mary's (Immaculate Heart), Georgetown. St John Evangelist, Laura. St Peter's, Gladstone. - St. Agatha's.- Narridy. . St. Luke's, Gulnare. : \ St James, Jamestown. St. Kilian's, Caltowie. « SS. Simon and Jnde, Yarcoyne. ' ^ SS. Michael and John, Terowie. St Joseph, Orroroo. St. Joseph, Kooringa. Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Dawson. St. Sebastian, Yon gala. St. Mark's, Port Pirie. SS. Gervase and Protase, Warner town. Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. The following Presbyteries have been erected in the Archdiocese:— At Kapunda, Balaclava, Narracoorte, Mount Barker, North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and Yorketown. Presbyteries erected in the new Diocese of Port Augusta:— Bishop's residence, Port Augusta ; priest's residence, Pekina; priest's residence, Peters burg. Priests provided for the Archdiocese, twenty five ; for Port Augusta Diocese, five. Other buildings erected in the archdiocese are:— That grand Dominican Convent of Cabra, Goodwood, bo admirably situated, and so well adapted for educational purposes. The Chris tian Brothers' College, in which he took such a laudable pride, and of the success of winch he was so accustomed to speak. The Convent of Angas Street, where the Sisters of Mercy re side, and carry on their charitable works of education and of visiting the sick. The Ken sington Convent for the Sisters of St. Joseph, who have several convents and schools under their care in the archdiocese. The Dominican Convent of North Adelaide, where the Sisters of Perpetual Adoration reside. The Domini can Convent, Kapunda, where the sisters de vote themselves to the education of a large number of children. The Convent of Mercy at Mount Gambier. The. Catholic Refuge, Norwood, conducted by the Sisters of ot. Joseph, and the Catholic Orphanage, Good wood, conducted by the Sisters of Mercy. The Religious Orders introduced to the Archdiocese are:—The Carmelite Fathers of Gawler; the Sisters of Mercy, Angas Street and Mount Gambier; the Dominican Nuns of Perpetual Adoration, North Adelaide; and the Christian Brothers, Wakefield Street. The Confraternities and Sodalities established are:—The Sacred Heart, Children of Mary, The Holy Family, Total Abstinence, Holy Rosary, Holy Childhood, ApoBtleship of Prayer, and Our Lady of Perpetual Succour. Benefit Societies.—The Hibernian Australa lasian Catholic Benefit Society, which has several branches in the colony, connected with which are the juvenile and female branches, which have been recently established. The following Literary Societies have been created : —St. Patrick's, West Terrace ; St. Ignatius, Norwood; St. Raphael's, Parkside; St. Laurence's, North Adelaide. 