A LADTS LETTER. My dear Amelia— Lady Kintore left us yesterday. We are all sad to think she will be so long away, and sadder still to think that this departure is but a prelude to one that will be final. You will, I know, be sorry to hear that ehe is going to leave Australia, but, 1 believe, it is quite decided that she is going to England as soon as she returns from New Zealand. I believe tnere are urgent reasons for her taking this step. Lord Kintore'fl Scotch lawyer has died, and various matters have to be looked into in connection with the estate. Then, too, the boys have not been having quite a good time during their holidays. Mr. Campbell is now engaged in clerical work, and is no longer their tutor, and the arrange ments made for the Eton holidays have not been quite so satisfactory as they might have been. Besides these there are other reasons. Lady Kintore wishes Lady Ethel and Lady Hilda to be pre sented next season — at least, this is what I hear. Captain Henniker is having a month's holiday. He went first to Mildura, and now he has gone to New South Wa'.es. Your old friend, Mrs. Hay, haB returned to Australia with her daughter. They have had a very good time at home, and Miss Hay is looking particularly welL The Squadron is to be here very soon, and we really are to have a picnic at Marble Hill. I think the date is fixed for Saturday week, and as I feel certain of being invited I am going to have a new dress, made for the occa sion. Miss Lynch is going to make it for me. She has set np for herself in Rundle-street, Kent Town, and I find that she, Miss Green, and Miss Ganley fit me better than any one else. lam so glad you are trying my experiment of using mustard and cress for table decora tions, and still more because you seem pleased with the novelty of the idea ; just now it is almost impossible ta get flowew. I went to Newman's this afternoon, for some for the dinner-table, but even he bad but few to choose from. Instead of being decorated with floral designs the window was full of lovely porcelaine and artificial flower wreaths. I do not generally like that kind of thing, bnt these were lovely. Among those I most ad mired were one of Rose de France and forgetme nots and one of roses and jessamine. These were in a kind of delicate French bkcuit porcelaine, but one of white water lilies made of fine muslin was also much admired. Personally I do not love artificial flowers, however beautiful, but when I think of the thousands who live by their manufacture I think they have their use. Do you know that when ladieB gave up wear ing artificial flowers in their bonnets and had birds' wings instead 80,000 girls were thrown jout-of work by this vagary of fashion? How little one thinks of the far-reaching conse-^ quences of our most trivial acte. There has been eo little gaiety this week that I have had a good deal of time for read ing. I have just finished a very, exciting novel named 'Lord Wastwater.' I enjoyed it immensely, as the interest begins at the first page and is kept up quite until the end. You know I have no patience with desorip tions of scenery and resent details about the furniture of country houses ; moreover, I feel that life is not long enough for subtle analysis of the character of heroes and heroines, so this was a novel after my own heart. It is all plot and galloping excite ment from cover to cover. It is quite a new book. A Melbourne friend sent it to me. The hero, Lord Wastwater, is a thoroughly blase person, who. like Solomon, has found that *' all is- vanisy.' The world is at his feet, but his unoonventional habits and capricious temper make him a fascinating enigma to his friends. Of course there is a murder ; a book like this without a murder would be like Hamlet without the ghost. Many and cleverly laid are the false scents that I eagerly pursued to find out the murderer, aad each in turn thrilled me with breathless interest. The tale is a somewhat improbable one, but, as the old philosopher observed, ' It is part of probability that some s improbable thing should happen.' The book is exciting from cover to cover, and the dialogue is bright and often witty. Here is a repartee that might be useful to you in a similar emergency — ' She said' in an irritated tone, ' What can it matter to me 'whether you care for Miss Blake or not ? ' It matters a good deal to me whether yon are angry. Surely you know I would rather spend ten minutes with you than a whole day with her.1 ' Would you father spend a whole day with me than ten minutes with her, that would be the best test.' ' That was her reply, just the sort of smart answer that I often tbink of after the chance of making it has passed away, but never at the time. I don't want you to think that I have been doing nothing but read ing novels, so will tell you something of a -^charming book which is, I suppose, the book of the hour, 'The HeroiniEcenoes of Charles Santley.' I think you met Santley when he visited Australia, so I am sure you will be glad to hear how fascinated I have been by his book. Before I only knew the singer, now I feel as if I. knew the man as well. Mr. Santley tells the story of his professional life in a simple manly' way ; not posing for effect or seeking admiration, but just, relating facts as they happened. His book deals almost exclusively with his public career, and he casts a ved over his private life, only lifting it now and then to illustrate bis progress in the life lived before the footlights. Quite at the beginning ' his home-life is referred to, but from the day when his foot was once fairly planted on the ladder of fame he is silent about his personal affairs. His marriage is mentioned, but he does not wear bis heart on his sleeve, and much that we might wish to know is passed over in Bilence. It is essentially the life of fantley, the singer . and student, not Santley, the husband and father, but for all that it is intensely interest ing. His passion for music absorbed him from an early age, and he has given us a graphic account of the first time he heard the ' Elijah.' ' As the fine dramatic scenes suc ceeded each other my excitement increased, until the rush of the deluge of tropical rain utterly overpowered me. I dropped into my seat powerless. It seemed as if the heavens had opened in reality and poured down their waters on my devoted head. The whole week was one of intense excitement. late, drank, and dreamed music.' The book ie full of pleasant chit chat about muaic.and musicians, and of amusing little incidents of the greenroom. It contains no ill-natured stories, whioh speaks well for Mr. Santley'a kindly disposition; from what we are told tbe green-room, with its proverbial quarrelsomeness, is a field from which many such flowers could be culled, but if so Mr. Santley dees not m;x them in his nosegay. All his condemnation is reserved for those who bar the way to the establishment of the Eng lish opera, and who waste the money of the nation in 'teaching Board and other school children nothing' instead of forming a national conservatory for musical education and a national theafare in every great oity. I am very sorry that the book does not treat of Santley's later life. It says nothing of the last 20 years, whereas I was especially anxious to see what he thought of Australia and the Australian musical world. Still I have en joyed it immensely, ana strongly advise you to read it. : The chief topic of interest this week haB been Mr. Green's change of denomination. Everyone has talked of it and the papers have been, f oil of the subject. He has been blamed, but I don't quite see why. If he thought one religion true and the other false, surely he was right to change, especially as he now thinks the Baptists wicked schismatics, and that he would have been lost if he had stayed with them. Some men would have stifled their doubts or plunged into work to drown them, but Mr. Green has been honest and true, and has looked them straight in the face and fought them out, and I think it is very much to his credit It is not at all kind to say that he is bettering his social posi tion by becoming a Church of England clergy man. He did not do it for that, bat because he thonght it was right. All the same, I am sorry, he eajs such cruel things of Dissenters, and I don't tbink he has any right to do so, only I know all very Eigh Churoh people say the same. Ab we hear a good deal about the servant question I cannot refrain from telling you au experience a friend of mine had lately. She engaged a cook. The first week all went well, but a fortnight she overheard her talking to the baker's boy about ' We, the hunger- stricken.' This was rather trying, although cook's full-jaoon physiognomy and portly person somewhat belied the words; nevertheless a lady doesn't care to pass for a mieer even in the opinion of the baker's boy. After a while 000k refused to get up to light the fires in the morning, saving 'that it was unjust for the rich to lie abed while tbe down trodden slaves had to get up and blaok their boots.' The blacking of boots seemed to be the supreme grievance, and when the mistress lost patience and told her to pauk her trunk and go she turned pn her and with majestic air said, ' I'll go ; but wait until the people have risen, then we shall be no longer slaves, then every body shall blaektheir own boots.' That evi dently, to her mind, was the consummation of bliss. Is it not strange .what false views they take of life. However, dear friend, it is too bite to moralise, so I'll say good night, and remain, as ever, your sincere friend, Ethel. 