THIS Jb WELLED SKULL. A ROMANCE FROM A DETECTIVES CASE BOOK. USfLY engaged one morning in my , Jv office in trying to solve some Knotty problems that called for my earnest atten tion, I was suddenly disturbed by a knock it the door, and, in answer to my " Come in !" one of my assistants entered, although I had given strict orders that I was not to be disturbed for two hours. " Excuse me, sir," said my man, " but a gentleman wishes to see you, aud will take no denial." " I thought I told you nob to disturb me under any circumstances," I replied some1 what tartly. " Yes, so you did. Bub the gentleman insists upon seeing you. He says his busi ness is most urgent." " Who is he ? " " Here is bis card, sir." I glanced at the card the assistant handed to me. It bore the name — colon 1cl maurice udell, The Star and Garter Club. Colonel Maurice Odelt was an utter stranger to me. I never heard his name before; but I knew that, the Star and Garter Club was a club of the highest rank, and that its members were men of position and eminence. I therefore considered it probable that the Colonel's business was likely, as he said, to be urgent, and I told my assistant to show him in. A few minutes later the door opened, and there entered a tall, thin, wiry-looking man, with an'unmistakable military bearing. " Pardon me for intruding upon you, Mr. Donovan," he said, bowing' stiflly and form ally, "bub I wish to consult you about a very important matter, and, as I leave for Egypt to-morrow, I have very little time at niy disposal." ... "I aiii-at your service, Colonel," I replied, ats I pointed to a seat. 4 . " I will be as-brief as'possible," he begafr, ne Iip nlapod his liicrtilv tinlisliftr hfl.ii and his umbrella on the the table. "I am a military- man, and have spent much of my time in India, but two years ago I returned home, and took up my residence at the Manor, Esher. Twice since I went to live there the place has been robbed in a somewhat mysterious manner. The first occasion was a little over a year ago, when a number of antique silver cups were stolen. The Scot land Yard authorities endeavoured to trace the thieves, but> failed" " "I think I remember hearing something about that robbery," I remarked, as I tried to recall the details. " Bub in what way was it a mysterious one ? " " Because it was impossible to determine how the thieves gained access to the house. The place had nob been broken into." " How about your servants " I asked. " Oh, I haven t a servant who isn't honesty itself." - " Pray proceed. What about the second robbery ? " "That is what I have come to you about. It is a very serious business indeed, and has heen carrier! nnfc in the mysterious wav that characterised the first one." "You mean it is -serious as regards the value of the property stolen ? " "In one sense, yes; bub it is some thing more than that. During my stay in India I rendered very considerable service indeed to the Rajah of Mooltan, a man of great wealth. Before I left India he presented me with a souvenir of a very extraordinary character. It was nothing more nor less than the skull of one of his ancestors." " Excuse me, Colonel, bub you can hardly expect me to devote my energies to tracing this somewhat gruesome souvenir of yonrs, which probably the thief will hasten to bury as speedily as possible, unless he happens to be of a very morbid turn of mind." " You are a little premature," said the Colonel, with a. suspicion of sternness. " That skull has been valued at upwards of £12,(100. " Twelve thousand pounds !" I echoed, as my interest in my visitor deepened. " Yes, sir ; twelve thousand pounds. It is fashioned into a drniKing go Diet, Dounci with solid gold bands, ahd encrusted with precious stones. In the bottom of the goblet, inside, is a diamond of the purest water, and which alone is said to be worth two thousaud pounds. My friend the Rajali told ine that if ever I parted with it, or it was stolen, ill fortune would ever after wards pursue me." " Bub you say you leave for Egypt to morrow ." Yes. And shall probably be absent six months." " Then I had better travel down to Esher at oncc." I retired to my sanctum and reap peared in a few minutes in the cha racter of a venerable parson. As it was important that nonet" of the house hold should know that I was a detective, I begged that he would introduce me as the Rev. John Marshall, and then we took the train down to Esher. I found that besides the goblet some antique rings and a few pieces of gold and silver had been carried off. The lost skull had been kept under a glass ' shade in what the Colonel called his "Treasure Chamber." It was a small room lighted by an oriel window. The walls were wainscoted half way up, and the upper part was 'hung with tapestry. t': The Colonel assured me that", the door of this room was always kept locked, and the key was never out of his possession. The lower part of the chimney of theoldvfashioned fireplace I noticed was protected.-, by iron bars- let into the masonry, so tliatthe thief, 1 was sure, did not come' down the chimney ; nor did he come in at the window, jpr it only opened at each side, and the' apevturesH-were so small that a child could nOb hvejsqueezed through. Nevertheless the" thief acU suc ceeded in getting into the room. > How- did he manage it ? That was the problem I had to' solve, and that done I felt'that I should be able to get a clue to the robber; f I found the Colonel's family consisted of .his wife— an Anglo-Indian lady— three charming daughters, Ms .eldest son, Ronald Odell, a young man about 24, and' a yoringer son, a youth of 12. The family, were;-, waited upon' at table by two parlour-maids,: the butler, and a page-boy. The butler was an elderly, sedate, gentlemanly- looking: man ; the boy had an open, frank face, and- the same remark applied to the two girls.-;-.. As I studied them I saw nothing calculated to raise my suspicions in any way. Indeed, I felt instinctively that I could safely pledge, myself for their honesty. ; Ronald Odell was a most extraordinary- looking young fellow. He had been born and brought up in India, .and seemed .to suffer from an unconquerable lassitude that gave him a lifeless, insipid appearance. He was very dark, with dreamy, languid eyes, and an expressionless ' face of a peculiar sallowness. He was tall and thin, with hands that were .most noticeable, owing to the length, flexibility, and thinness of the fingers. He sab in the chair with his body huddled up as it were ; his long legs stretched straight out before him ; his pointed chin resting on his chest, while he Beeined to smoke his cigar as if unconscious of what he was doing. Having passed the household in review without result, I requested that I might be allowed to spend a short time alone in the room from whence the skull had been stolen. The floor was polished and immov able, but a part of the wainscoting gave back a hollow sound to niy raps, akjd I was. of opinion that the room had been- entered by a secret door. Although convinced that' the panel which gave back the hollow sound was a door, I could detect no means'"of open ing it. On rejoining the Colonel, I asked to ba allowed carte blanche in the matter, and this \- - — — - --- - - — T "fold him that many things necessarily seemed extraordinary when the reasons' for them were not understood, and with that I took my departure, hnving prp- Three days later i vent, down <<i orn- Manor disguised as a working plumber, and was admitted without any difficulty. As a servant was showing me upstairs to the top ..iiding, where a trap-door in the ceiling I gave access to the leads, I passed Ronald I Odell on the stairs. He was attired in a long dressing-gown, had Turkish slippers on his eet, a fez on his head, and a cigar in his mouth, from which he was puffing great volumes of smoke. His face was almost ghastly in its pallor, and his eyea had the same dreamy look which I had noticed on my first visit. His hands were thrust deep in his pockets, and his movements and manner were suggestive of a person walking in his sleep, rather than a waking conscious man. This suggestion was heightened by the fact that before I could avoid him he ran full butt againstme. Tliat,hbwevei', seemed to partially arouse him from the lethargic condition, and turning round, with a fierceness of expression that I scarcely deemed him capable of, he exclaimed — "You stupid fool, why don't you look where you are going bo ? " I muttered out an apology, and he strode down the stairs growling to himself. My object in going on to the roof was to see if there was any communication between there and the " Treasure Chamber." I noticed a trap door between two chimney stalks, but found it fastened. So after a time I went back and inquired of the servant where the communication with the other trap door was. She conducted me to the lumber room, which she assured me was haunted, and there left me at the door, saying, " There you are, but I aint a-going in." The room was in .total darkness, bub having procured a candle I commenced to explore. It was filled with a miscellaneous collection of lumber. A flight of steps led to the trap door I had noticed on the roof, bub I found they had not been trodden on for a very long time. The walls of the room were wainscoted. Going. down on my knees I examined the floor with a magnifying glass, and detected footmarks made by slippered feebj.hab led to one particular corner of -the room. Xllis was-vu ly tiuggeeyive, auu un rapping the wainscot in that part- "found it was hollow. Unconsciously I touched a spring in the woodwork, and the. door swung open. By the light of ' the- candle I; discerned the. head of a flight of steps built in the thickness of the wall. I saw unmistakable traces of the slippered feet on the steps as I descended. I reached the bottom, and found further progress barred by a door that was wibhoub- handle or lock ; bub, after some time, I dis covered a imall wooden knob sunk in the woodwork at the side, and, pressing this, the door, with almost, absolute noiselessness, slid back, and lo ! the "Treasure Chamber " was revealed. In the face of this discovery, I no longer entertained a doubt that the thief had entered the room by means of this secret passage. And there was no one in the whole household upon whom my suspicions fixed with the exception of Ronald Odell. If my assumption that he was the thief was correct, the mystery was so far explained ; and my next step was to discover wliy he. had robbed his father, and ivliab he' had done with the property. He was so stfatfge and peculiar that somehow I could not imagine that he had stolen the things, merely for the sake of vulgar gain, ;my. impression being that in carrying off the -jewelled skull he was actuated by - some extraordinary motive, quite apart from the mere question of theft, and this determined me to shadow him for a time in the hope that I should succeed in soon obtaining dis tinct evidence that my theory was, correct. , Before leaving the house, I sought an interview with Mrs. Odell, who was anxious to know what the result was of my. investi gation : but I considered, it advisable, in the then state of matters, to withhold from her the discovery I had made. Bub, as. her curiosity to learn what I liad been doing on the roof was very great, I informed her that my theory was at first that' there wa, spnae connection between the roof and the "Treasure Chamber"; bub, though I had nob proved that to be correct, I nevertheless was of opinion that, the purloiner of the articles resided in the house. Whereupon sLa v«rv Tiatiirallv asked me if I susoected. any particular person. I answered her candidly that I did ; but that, in the absence of anything'like proof, I should not be justified in naming anyone. I assured her, however, that I would use the most strenuous efforts to obtain the proof I .wanted. Before leaving her, I remarked in. a casual sorb of way — ' "I suppose Mr. Ronald is at the head of affairs during his father's absence ?" " Well," she began, with evident reluct ance to say anything against her ..-son, " Ronald is of a very peculiar disposition. He seems to live quite within himself, as it were, aii'd takes no interest in anything. As a matter of fact, I see very little Of him, for he usually spends his evenings from home, and does nob return until late. The greater . part of the day he- keeps to his rooms. I afn sure I am quite concerned about liirn at times." , It fell to my lot to solve this mystery a week later. I shadowed liirn to a house situated in a ad de sac in the very heart of the city of London. . I ascertained the house was in the occti patio n;. of a club consisting of Anglo Indians. The premises were in charge of -a Hindoo and his wife, and tlie members of the club met on an average five nights a week. All this was so much more mvstery, but it was precisely in accord with the theory .1 had been working out in my" own mind. - - The next afternoon I. went to the house, and the door was opened to my knock- by the Hindoo woman, who was a mild:eyed, sad-looking little "creature ; Tasked - her, if she could give mo some particulars of the club that was held there', ".and she informed me that it . was known " The. Indian Dreamers' Club"." Rut beyond that -scrap' of information she did nob seem'disposed to go.' " You had better come when ray husb.-i.rid is here," she said, thereby fgiving me' to understand that her husband:- was absent. But as I deemed it probable that, she might prove more susceptible to liiy' .persuasive influences than her husband,.' !- asked her if she would allow me to see-"- over the premises. 'She declined to do .this until :I displayed before her greedy eyes certain gold coins of the realm, iv h it! hr. proved too much for- her cupidity, and she consented to let me go inside. The entrance - hall was carpeted .-.with a thick, massive carpet, and . the walls were hung with black velvet. A strange, sickening odour pervaded the air. I passed through a curtained doorway into an. exten sive apartment that ran the whole depth of- the building. Daylight being excluded, the- light was obtained from a. large - lamp of blood-coloured glass, and. "which depended from the centre of the ceiling. Tliere was also a niche at each end of the room, where a lamp of the old Roman pattern. burnt. The. walls of the tooni we're hung with purple velvet curtains," and the ceding- ..was also draped with the same material, while the floor was covered with a rich Indian carpet into which the feetisank. In the centre of the room was a table covered with velvet, and round the room were niosb.Tuxurious couches. The same sickly odour' pervaded this remarkable chamber, which was like a tomb in its silence. On the velvet 'on one side of the room was. inscribed in letters of gold this sentence : " To Dream is to Live ! Dream on, for to Awaken is to Die ! While still engaged in examining the room a bell rarig, and instantly, the Hindoo woman became greatly exhited, for she.said it was her husband, and that he would bYsoangryJf. he., found me that she would not be responsible for the consequences. .She therefore thrust me into a recess. Nothing could have happened better, for 1 was resolved to remain in my- place of concealment till I had solved the .xM.: .. The Indian woman had told me -the mem-, bars of!. the club met at seVen o'clock. "... AY the hour drew near the door ("opened and the husband of She woman cammiik' - .He was a placed three or four small lighted lamps cafj .the table, also a number of quaint Indian j drinking cups, which I recognised from the- description of those that had been stolen From the Manor a year or so previously, together with twelve magnificent hookahs. These' preporations conaplcted, he retired, and a quarter-of-an-hour later he returneo and wound up a large musical box which 1 had not noticed, owing to its being concealed behind a curtain. The box began to play, muffled and plaintive music. A few minute later, and the Indian once more appeared.. This time he wore a sort of dressing-gown or some rich material braided with gold. He walked backwards,-, and following him in single file. were twelve men, the nrsb being: Ronald Odell. Five of them were men of. colour ; three of the others were half-castes,; the rest were whites. But they all had the. , languid,, dreamy appearance which character-, ised Odell, who, as I was to subsequently- learn, was their leader and president. They " ranged themselves round the table silently as;; ghosts; and, without a' word, Ronald Odellr handed a key to the Indian,, who proceeded to unlock a chest,' and took therefrom the skull goblet which had been carried off from Colonel Odell's " Treasure Chamber " by— could there any loneer be a; doubt ?— his own son. The skull, which was- - provided with .two gold handles, and rested on gold claws, Vvas placed on the table before the president, who poured into it the con tents of two small bottles which were given to him by the attendant, who took them from the chest. He then stirred the decoc- ! tion up with, a long-handled silver-spoon-, of very ribh- design and workmanship, and( which ! .recognised, from the description? that had'. been given to me, as one that had i been taken from the Colonel's collection; As,- this strange mixture was stirred, the sicken- ing, overpowering odour that I had noticed' on first entering the place became so strong as to almost overcome me, and I felt as if I should suffocate. But I struggled against i the feeling as well as I could.. The presi dent >nc£t' poured a small portion of. the liqYoitrtepeach of the twelve cups that had been provided, and as he raised his own to; . Lir Ikihdrsaid — . i \- r " Brotte'r-dreamers, success toour club !- - . ;Mayeu$dieani be sweet and long !" > : rThe|)tISeCs bowed, but made no response, atid YaKynan drained the draught, which I guessed. to be some potent lierbaLdeeocbion ' for producing sleep. Then each man rose and-weht to ' a couch, and the attendanb . . handed him a hookah, applied a light to the - bowkjaiidrfrom the smell tliab arose it was. evicletitethe pipes were charged with opium, j As 'ihesfe drugged opium ' smokers leaned! backrori'the luxurious couches, the concealed musical-box continued to play its plaintive . melodies. A drowsy languor pervaded the- room'j and affected me to such extent that I felt as if I must be dreaming, and that the . remarkable scene before my eyes was a dream: vision that would speedily fade away. One by one the pipes' fell from the nerveless grasp of the smokers, and were removed by the attendant. , And when the last mail had sunk into insensibility, the. Indian filled a small cup with some of the,- liquor from the skull goblet, and drained it offr Then he charged a pipe with opium, - . and, coiling himself up on an ottoman. he . began to smoke, until he, like the others, x--- yielded to the soporific influences of the drug and the opium and went to sleep. - - .v ;My hour of triumph had come. I stepped;, from my place of concealment, feeling famb..: ;and strange, and all bub overcome by anj..,.. Urresis'tible desire to sleep. . - ' I managed to stagger to the table, seize. - the goblet and the spoon, and make my way i: to the door. As I gained the passage the j Hindoo woman confronted me, for she was' Miout to enter the room. . ' 1 ( - \- "'t vVhat is the meaning of this?" -she cried, as she. endeavoured to bar my | . passage. . j ." Stand back !" I said, sternly. "I am-a - detective-officer. These things have been; - stolen, aud I am about to restore them to. their rightful owner." . ' She manifested supreme distress, but" ? recognised her powerlessness. Getting to the thoroughfare I hailed a cab, and drove home with my prize, and the following morning I telegraphed to Egypt to an address the Colonel had given me, inform- ing mill uijhu a jjttu 1cuuvcicu vllv The same day I went ,. down to the Manor at Esher, and had an interview with Mrs. Odell. I felt, in: the interest of her son, that it was niy duty to tell her all 1 had = learnt the previous night. She was terribly : distressed, bub stated that she had suspected for some time that her eon was given to . - opium smoking, though she had no idea he, carried the habit to such a remarkable extreme. She requested me to retain pos-. - session of the goblet and the spoon until her husband's return, and, in the meantime, she promised to take her weak and misguided - son to task, and to have the secret passage in the wall effectually stopped up. i ; I should mention that I had managed to . save a small quantity of the liquor that wa3 in the goblet when I removed it from the club table; and I sent this to a celebrated analytical chemist for analysis, who pro nounced .it to be a very powerful and peculiar narcotic., made from a combination ef Indian herbs with which he was not familiar. j The denouement has yet to be recorded. A few days later Ronald Odell, after drug ging himself as usual, was found dead on one of the couches at the club. This neces sitated an inquest, and. the verdict was that he had died from a narcotic, but whether taken with the intention of destroying life or merely to produce sleep there was no evidence to show. Although I had no evi dence to offer, I was firmly convinced in my oTvn; mind that the poor w;eak fellow had. - cbminitted suicide, from a sense of shame at the discovery I had made. ! ' " JUFcourse, after, tins tragic affair, and the - expoiiire it entailed, the Indian Dreamers' -CMbfvwas broken up, and all- its luxurious appointments were sold by auction and the mcibbers dispersed. One of the rules was that the members of the 'club 'should never exceed twelve in number. In the course of six months Colonel Odell returned from Egypt audi though much cub up by the death Of his son, Was exceedingly gratified at - the recovery of the goblet which the, misguided youth had no doubt purloined under the . impression that it was useless in his father's treasure-room, but would adorn the table of the- Dreamers' Club, of which he was presi dent. The motto of the club was .singularly appropriate in his case : "Dream on, for to awaken:-, is to die." He had awakened from his dream" and passed into a state where dreams perplex not. — Abridged from the 'Strand 'Magazine. 