(EmrnbSe Franks. Squalls. Bluffers. Deadlock. Unbelievers. Both Houses. Impertinence. Wind playful. Wind pressure. Fire and water. Laughing-stock. Weather troubles. Adept at hard words. Communistic scheme. ' Austral off to London. Legislative impudence. Experiment in Socialism. Legislation by postscript. Melbourne tearing its hair. What does Parson Owen want? Sir Thomas Elder generous as ever. Obit —Mr. J. H. Bagster, ex-M-P. Tom Prioe can tell a nice ghost yarn. Franco-Russian alliance on the tapil. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day, 29*87. Bruin hugging France-affeotionately. Mr. Archibald on the high horse again. A petition against the non-safety luoifer. The Ophir hurried along at great expense Ul. vain. South Australia unable to get the ooeaa mails. The Rev. G. E. Wheatley as a land reformer. Our C.J. has broken the record f*r gaol sweeping. Munificent belp has been given to the poor this winter. Dr. Hynes aggrieved with the Medical Association. That " Ghost" leoture was an address on tho land question. France overcome with joy at tbe idea of having an ally. What land tax will Mr. Wheatley's "ghosts" pay? A characteristic letter from Friest J. W. Owen on page 4. West Australia's Premier will not coddle the unemployed. Parson Owen might also have confessed to being a funny man. Rev. J. Robertson, M.A., Chairman-eleot ol tbe Congregationalists. The Pateman process for destroying rabbits bas won golden opinions. Sydney unemployed leaders may take MM cake for wild cat schemes. Melbourne and Sydney will taunt ua again over the mail arrangements. Arohie would be a tyrannical monopolist—• thinks he's got all tbe brains. Tom Price didn't allow a ghost to frighten him during his younger days. Marshal MacMahon'fl troublous experiences didn't seem to shorten his life. "John W. Owen" confesses to being a bigot, a Pharisee, and very eccentric. Mrs. Zadow would be glad of a lot more help for poor women and children. There can be a State Ohnrch without • recognition of God, and vice versa. Of course "John W. Owen" must haveaohip in about the Churoh and tbe State. It must have been rough when the laonoh would not venture out for the mails. Sun rose at 5.16 a.m.; sets at 6.1£ p.m. Moon set at Lll a.m.; rose at 10.51 a.m. If the launch had refused to bring the mail! off Glenelg, what a row there would have been! The title "homestead blook"would ba • misnomer unless there was a reiidenos aondition. Whether a thing is right or wrong dependa entirely upon who introduces it — eh, Mr. Kingston. It would have served Mr. Archibald right if Mr. Gilbert bad talked the House into the early hours. The ear of the public having been tickled, they would like to know all about tba doctors' disagreement. The time-table for emptying that letter- pillar at the Bank of Adelaide corner badly needs repainting, " A plain, bamble, nnpretentions people.* —Mr. King O'Malley on the character of *he American nation. The late Marshal MacMahon was chief in command at the battle of Sedan, when France got auoh a trounoing. We shall again hear that ths vast trad* of Melbourne bas been terribly moonvcniuMd over the delay in the mails. Westralia, having got Responsible Government and a public works polioy, baa an unemployed problem. Old atory. The Largs Bay Jetty will be (dosed for all traffic from midday on Wednesday, October 25, until Tuesday evening, November 14. In many cases the taxpayers would have gained considerably if the land bad been given outright to oertain classes of ICMMS, Printing Committee delighted with the efficiency of the Government printers, but determined to give them as little work a« possible. In the tionrse of that interview Mr. 3. H. Symon, Q.O., managed to have a sly pok* at the Government over tbe village settlement fad. "John W. Owen" faile to see why the Bishop Short's Successors Bill should have been brought in at alL Ha love* to stand alone. The Rev. Mr. Wheatley in bis laoture last night described a theory as " an impraotieable scheme for doing something which is impossible." Mr. Haldane would like to personally thank the forty-five donors of first fruits; bnt as he can't do ao tbe Crumbman, at bis wish, does so for him. Jamie Howe's description of the Ministry-— ''The biggest bluffers that bad sat on tbe Treasury benches, and the blockers of that own business." Why not bring down a abort neutral Bill at sbe beginning of the ass&ion; and add parts on every conceivable subject in Committee until the House rises? Of course the leaders of the unemployed will not be about when the " passive" resistance is offered, in case a few of tbe owners* breechloaders should go off. Mr. McPherson pleading for meohanica, moneyless and without reliable work, aa against the farmer secure m tbe possession of many necessaries of life. If any co-operation did not flow from a voluntary desire, and was not founded upon community of interests and proximity. Sir J« Downer would not give much for it. We are very smarb in complaining if the times for the arrival and departure of mails don't suit us ; but bow about tba miserable provision we have for landing and embarking mails ? The fact that eleven-twelfths of tbe British -'spiritual" -Peers oppose Liberal measures passed by the people's direct representatives ie only one very good reason against State Churchiem. It mutt ba vary galling to many Anglican priests to find that the Methodists, Baptists, Congregationalism, Chris? Jin Disciples, and other bodies have so mucG%f the spirit of unity as is evidenced by the Ministerial Association. Parson Owen's sneer at" political" ministers ie very amusing, in fase of the faot that twenty-two " right reverend fathers in God" and successors of St. Peter turned up at tbe Houte of Lords the other day to vote against the Home Rule Bill. Route of the Butchers'procession to-morrow —Starting at 9.30 a.m. from the Selborne Hotel, Pirie-street; thence aouth along King William-street to and along Gouger- atreet, to and along West-terraoe to Hindley-street; thence eastward along Hindley-street, Run diestreet, aud East • terrace, thenoa to tba Glynde. R. A. F. de R. was a French natural philosopher, who was born at Roohelle, in 1663, was educated at tbe Poitiers Jesuit's College, went to Paris in 1703, was admitted a member of the Academy of Soienoes, studied mathematics, philosophy, and natural history, investigated the strength of cordage, the development of the shells of testaoeous animals, the colouring matter of turquoise gems, the manufaoture of iron, steel, and porcelain, artificial incubation, the composition of the famous purple dye of the ancients, the reproduction of the claws of lobsters and crabs, the. instincts and habits of insects, was the author of a " History of the Rivers of France," " A History of Insects,"a "Treatise on the Silk of Spiders," and died from the result of a fall from his horse, October 18,1757. Now gentle reader, do you know who R. A. F. de R. was? No, I thought not. But when I tell that ha graduated the thermometer that bears bia name, you will immediately pronounce tba name of Reaumur. 