THEATRE ROYAL. HAMLET. Although, the old adage that Shakespeare spells ruin has, in the light of latter day ex perience, been robbed of much of its °r9f' there are still not a few who contend that the works of the great dramatist can never be popular with a certain section of the com munity, and that therefore, although scarcely synonymous with ruin, the name of Shakes peare is seldom one to conjure with, To such . a one the crowded house which greeted Mr. Walter Bentley's first appearance in Adelaide i on Saturday night would come as a surprise, if or the seating capacity of the .theatre Royal was taxed to its utmost by an audience which overflowed from the gallery to tbe stalls, and. from, tbe Stalls to the dress circle, while the earnest at ; tention and discriminating applause which marked the progress of the play showed how deeply those present were interested m its i action. Nothing could have been more spon taneous and hearty than the reception accorded Mr. Bentley on his entry, the prolonged applause with which he was greeted being an eloquent expression of the desire of the audience to give appropriate welcome to one • of whom they had heard so favorably. Nor was this cordial expression of goodwill confined solely to his entrance, for the delivery of each famous speech called forth again and again tbe most approving plaudits, culminating at the conclusion of each act in a unanimous call • before the curtain. _ . . , Not a little curiosity was evmced_ in the tragedian who had openly avowed his wten 1 tion of " upsetting all preconceived notions of :Hamlet" and by a new and original reading fof the character presenting the melancholy prince in a manner easily understanded or the people. The version played by Mr. Bentley has been arranged, by himself ■ from the famous folio edition of a particularly noticeable feature being the omission of certain scenes, and a number of ; familiar lines which custom ha3 hitherto re tained in stage presentations of the tragedy. ; The elimination of the first scene m which tbe ghost appears to Marcellus, Bernardo, and ; Horatio allows the play to opeD advantageously in the state-room of the castle, but the omis • 'sion of that in which Hamlet by letter an ; nounces his return "naked and alone from i 'exile, makes his appearancein the churchyard -somewhat abrupt and inexplicable. Despite this > cutting the continuity of tbe story is carefully '■ preserved, and if one misses the scene m which : Hamlet turns upon the courtiers with the i parable of the pipe, or describes the cloud -which to Polonius is "very like a whale, ! there are corresponding advantages to be reaped in the compactness, of the, play and the freater prominence given its leading character* 'rom a physical standpoint Mr. Bentley is a ■ picturesque embodiment of the Danish prince. ; Tall of stature, and gifted with mobile features land a voice which, despite a very noticeable hoarseness, is capable of giving expression, to the varying emotions of the moment, his im ! personation of the character is heightened, by the simplicity and clearness of its conception. There is no questioning the eamty of the >ew Hamlet, his strict enjoinder on his friends ' to take no notice How Btrange or ofld loe'er I bear myself, As I, perchance, hereafter shall think meet To pud an antic disposition on is as dearly emphasised as in the scenes with Polonius and Ophelia, where expressive gestures and eloquent play of the features in dubitably convey the impression that his mad ness is but feigned. At first, overwhelmed with grief for the loss of his father, and wounded by the forgetfulneES of his mother, he is the prey of unwonted and profound \-- melancholy, which finds its vent in the fine soliloquy " Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt." The reaction which follows the first suspicion of foul play aroused by the apparition of his father s spirit in arms, dis : plays liis innate manliness of character, and the resolve to avenge the king's "foul and most unnatural murder" becomes the one fixed purpose of his life. Admirably expressed too is Hamlet's love for the fair Ophelia, infinite tenderness struggling for the mastery ; even amid the withering torrent of words with • which he assails her, while scorn and indignation are indicated by a look at the discovery that Polonius and i the king are listening near. A fine effect is ■ wrought at the conclusion of the soliloquy, "Oh what a rogue and peasant slave am I" by the descent of the curtain upon Hamlet seated at the table preparing the words wherein to catch the conscience of the king, and its im . mediate raising upon the task accomplished and the irresolute query "To be, or not to be." The unconventional greeting extended to the players, and the conversational tone ■adopted in the well- known advice were equally natural, and the play scene, in which Hamlet, anticipating the player, rapidly repeats the words, "Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit," and unconsciously draws himself towards the king, intensifies the climax which is reached with the agnonised cry "Lights, lights," amid a scene of wild confusion. The succeeding ;ecene in the'queen's closet affords Mr. Bentley another opportunity for the display of tender affection. Sternly reproachful and terribly ; biting in speech, there is yet depicted the 'innermost warring between filial respect and 'an uncompromising sense of duty, and the I contrast between the rising, whirlwind of " passionate rage and the awe inspired by the ■ reappearance of the ghost was strongly and ' powerfully marked. A departure from ; custom was observable where Hamlet exclaims : "Look here, upon this picture, and on this." vTJsually " the counterfeit presentment of two '.brothers " finds illustration either in two pic Itures on the walls or in medallions worn upon Stlie breast, but Mr. Bentley disposes alto gether of such aid, and presents a verbal con trast of the two, a reading of the text adopted iby Mr. Irving. The succeeding scene in the ' graveyard, together with the concluding action 'of the drama, were impressive and effective, jihedramatio realism of the death scene form ing a fitting close to a thoughtful and scholarly : performance. Briefly Mr. Bentley's Hamlet is one which, while intelligent to the many, iis never commonplace, but is the outcome of a i thoughtful and appreciative study of one of 'the most human characters ever witnessed on Ithe stage. . -' It is a matter for regret that so admirable a ' performance as that given by Mr. Bentley has ('not the support of a more able company. ' There were exceptions, the Polonius of Mr. ■Lachlan McGowan being, as the result of a vipe experience, carefully and humorously played, while Mr. H. R. Roberts also gave a spirited and highly commendable reading of [Laertes. Miss Kate Bishop was well east as 'the Queen. Mr. J. Stark made a sententious land humorous gravedigger, and Mr. Harry Tlill acted with pleasing intelligence as ■'Horatio. Miss Marie Eraser ,was totally i inaudible in the earlier soenes as i Ophelia, and although she improved ■with the development of the character :and was seen to greater advantage in the mad 'scene, her performance seldom rose above [mediocrity. Miss Virginnia Vivienne as the icourt butterfly Osric had something too much f" flourish" even for that feather-brained | creation, and the remainder of the company 'call for no special comment. During the ("evening the orchestra, under the direction of > Mons. Julien de Willimoff, a well-known solo (■■violinist and musical conductor of Sydney, 'played a number of entr' acle selections in addi ction to the incidental music of the play with 'excellent effect. -' " Hamlet" will be repeated to-night and to ' inorrow evening, and will doubtless attracb / crowded houses on each occasion. ' The Rev. T. E. Dowling, chaplain to the ^Anglican bishop in Jerusalem, will deliver an hddress on the Jerusalem and East Mission at '$he Church Office this evening. 