Ci)e luijiut&al;^erato. TUESDAY, AUGUST 15,1893. THE LAKD VALUES ASSESS MENT BILL. The Land Values Assessment Bill is again before Parliament. The principles of the Bill have been so often threshed by the Assembly that there seems very little need for farther discussion. Opponents of the Bill are, however, determined to obstruct it to the last, and the most formidable and uncompromising of them, Sir John Downer, has made another attempt to slaughter the Bill. One must admire the consciousness of duty which has all along prompted the opposition of Sir John, but he probably hit the truth with considerably more force than he was aware when he admitted that his remarks were not likely to have much effect. The bogie which he, in common with all opponents of direct land taxes, set up was that the " underlying principle is the single-tax." To very many other wise cal m-headed persons, the mere men tion of single-tax starts them running, and if his remarks have no more weight than he anticipated it might be put down to the fact that his state ment is not regarded as strictly in accordance with fact. His argument that, because all countries in the world tax land and improvements together it must be right, has hardly the merit of plausibleness, to say nothing of soundness. The time was when all countries of the world believed the earth to be the centre, but one man contended it to be a revolving sphere with the sun as the centre. According to Sir John's logic, those wiseacres who scoffed at the contentions of Galileo and persecuted him were right-because the error was auniversally-accepted one. But, apart from all this, what principle is legis lation to be based on ? Must we over look the justice of a system because the " single tax," or any other tax, is " underlying it ?" Before the Land Values Assessment Bill becomes law must it be proved that it is not tainted with the single tax ? If the emancipation of the slave had been delayed until it was proved that he would never rise to the level of the white fiend, who owned him, a good many generations would' still pass before the wretched dealiug in human flesh was crushed. Justice and humanity instigated the struggle for emancipation - not the ques tion of what was alleged to be underlying it. The present question is -Is the principle of assessing the unimproved value of land, in pre ference to taxing a man's labor, right or wrong ? This can be best answered j by another interrogation : Is it right to tax a man because he puts the pro duct of his labor to a use for his own and his family's comfort and for the general improvement of that part of the face of the earth upon which he happens to be, whilst another man encloses an area of land and awaits for j a rise in value, which he gets by the industry andatthe expense of another ? And the same argument applies in the case of a man erecting a factory j or the State constructing a railway. The present system of municipal assessment is a crying injustice. It not only taxes a mail's industry and takes from him a portion of the just compensation which he receives for his labor, but allows another person to take what does not belong to him by way of what is known as the specu lative value, unearned increment, or whatever else it might be designated, but by which is meant the difference between what he has expended for and on the land and what it has increased in value by the labors, or at the cost, of others. The principle involved in this may or may not be the terrible ghost, " single-tax," which has scared so many as underlying the assessment of the unimproved land value ; but whether it is or not, every fair-minded man must admit its equit ableness. The owner of bare allot ments with dilapidated fences, or none at all, who waits watching every turn for an opportune moment to " place" his property at a price above what he gave for it-at the cost of the industry of others, be it remembered -is the man who is up in arms against the present measure. He knows that it will not pay him so well to hold the piece of land for which he gave £5, and is holding idle until the com munity or the State has made it worth £10, when he will sell. Instead of, by way of illustration, paying, perhaps? half-a-crown, he will have to pay 5s., whilst the owner o£ the land adjoin ing, who has erected a house or a factory, will have his present burden some rates reduced to the same amount as the man who has been hoping to gain at his expense. Whence the injustice of the principle of the Land Values Assessment Bill ? Sir John Downer's argument that the system would lead to the huddling up of the population must not be afraid of. What is the cause of the extension of the population in the suburbs of Adelaide? Undoubtedly, principally, the high value of eity land and the proportionately excessive rents. Is Sir John in earnest when he asks us to believe that a tax with a tendency to counteract the exorbitant fictitious values placed on city and town lands will have the effect of limiting the area of land available to the population? What about the effect of the hundreds of pounds per foot asked, and obtained for, land in Adelaide which originally only cost as many shillings ? Is a tax, by which the householder, the mer chant, the manufacturer, will be relieved of taxation, which has been largely for the benefit of the specula tive landowner, likely to huddle population together more than the tactics of the speculator in demanding prices a hundredfold in excess of what he gave for the land ? Will the land increase in value by its unimproved Talue being assessed ? The irrefutable negative argument we have in the fact that the owners of vacant allot ments are, like Sir John, uncompro mising opponents of the principle. As for the observation that the Bill favored the rich as against the poor, the return laid on the table of the : Assembly on Thursday disproves it. Under the present system the rates on the rental value of property iu cor porate towns range from LOd. to Is. 7d., but under the proposed system it would go from fd. to 8d. The rate in Kapunda would be 4d. ag 'inst la. The man with a small allotment and humble cottage will pay less, and the man with a plot of idle land will pay more. Argument is not required for so palpable a point. .The Bill is permis sive in its adoption, and provides for release from its provisions if desired, , so that its effect can be easily ascer tained, and if the majority of the com munity are dissatisfied with its work ing they have the remedy. SPORTING NOTES.-" Vakeel's" notes are unavoidably held over. KAPUNDA HOSPITAL.-The secretary re ports as follows for the week ending August 13th, 1893 : - Admitted 2 ; dis charged, 2 ; died, 0; remaining in hospital, 9. SHOCK OF EARTHQUAKE.—At a quarter to twelve on Sunday morning a shock of earthquake was felt in Kapunda. Doors and windows of houses rattled, and there was a very distinct rumbling heard. BLIND BAZAAR.-We are informed that the value of the donations of money and j goods forwarded to the bazaar for the blind i by the Kapunda committee has been Kapunda, .£35 4s. 9d.; Marrabel, <£1 2s.; Hamilton, .£2 8s.=<£38 14s. 9d. EUDUNDA [AND ROBERTSTOWN ROAD. The members for Light (Messrs. J. Coles and J. W. White) waited on the Treasurer on Thursday, and presented a request from the District Council of English that the Inspector of Main Roads might be instructed to examine the uxain roads between Eudunda and Robertstown. The Treasurer replied that the inspector would be instructed to pro ceed to Eudunda on Thursday next with a view to obtain a report. C">acholme for Cuts and Cracks, pre serving1 harness and leather goods. It stands unrivalled. Obtainable from Iron mongers, Storekeepers, Saddlers, 608TC ' SUPPOSED BURGLARY.-When Messrs - Pearce, Wincey, & Co.'s yard was opened last Monday morning, August 1, it was discovered that a back window of the store had been forced open. On entering the office the drawer in which the cash-box is usually kept was found to have been opened, but the few coppers left in the box when it was cleared on Saturday after noon were not considered sufficient com pensation for the labor bestowed in reach ing them, so they were left. KAPUNDA WESLEY AN LITERACY SOCIETY. -Only a fair attendance was present at the last meeting of this society, held in the vestry at the rear of the Wesleyau Church. Mr. T. A. Banyer presided After the meeting had been opened in the usual way, Mr. T. Jeffs opened a debate on "Woman's Suffrage," championing the cause of the fair sex, but he did little more than recite the pro et con arguments. Mr. James Pascoe, who spoke strongly in the negative, advanced the usual argument^ and gave numerous reasons why he thought that women should not have a hand in election of politicians. After Mr. Pascoe had concluded his speech, a warm discus sion arose, the majority of the critics being on the affirmative side. A vote was taken which resulted in a majority of about fifteen for the affirmative out of about twenty present. The proceedings from beginning to end were warm, and caused a large amount of interest. THE LATE Mr. E. FURNISS.-The Laura Standard records the demise of an old colonist in the person of Mr. E. Furniss, which took place at his son's residence near Laura at an early hour on Tuesday morning last. Mr. Furniss left England for the colonies on October 1, 1841, arriving in Sydney in the ship "Sir Edward Paget" in February, 1842. He remained in Sydney about three years and a half, and then removed to Adelaide, where he carried on a butchering business until the Melbourne diggings started, when he joined in the exodus hither. Returning to the colony he started farming at Bagot's Gap, near Kapunda. Leaving Bagot's Gap Mr. Furniss resided for seven years at Pine Creek, Lin wood, and then settled at Giles's Corner, near Riverton, where he continued farming for sixteen years. About eleven years ago Mr. Furniss retired from farming operations, and took up residence at Riverton until his health failed, twelve months back. About eighteen months ago Mr. Furniss celebrated his golden wedding at Riverton. He then removed to his son's residence near Laura, and for the past month had been confined to his bed. Mr. Furniss was highly respected by those who knew him. He was a member of the Methodist Church, and for a number of years was a local preacher in the Kapunda and Riverton circuits. Mr. Furniss leaves a widow, one son, and three daughters, each of whom is married. The funeral took place on Wednesday afternoon in the Laura . cemetery. OFF TO SOOTH AFRICA.-A correspondent writes:-" By the s.s. Wooloomooloo, which clears from Port Adelaide to-day for South Africa, a well-known identity of Kapunda of a decade ago will shake the Australian dust from his feet preparatory to striking out for himself among the Kaffirs in South Africa. I refer to Mr. E. E. Bebbeck, who will be remembered as one of tie most prominent and consistent followers of cricket and football that Kapunda has yefc seen. Who among your rising generation does not remember the genial " Teddy" of six years ago, whose head-gear, from the time he left his cradle, never went beyond the then common or garden variety of a cheese-cutter cap. I understand Mr Kebbeck has not had that success during the last twelve months in the field which he sought (Brokea Hill) some five years ago that the capable man he is might expect, and hence his iesire to get away from the land of his birth to a better clime, which is untrammelled with strikes and agitators. In wishing "Teddy" lnck, I feel I am only conveying the regards of all who have met him, either in the work shop, street, or in recreation." THE QUEEN BEE MINE.-On Wednesday the Hon. Jenkin Coles, M.P., and Messrs. J. W- White, M.P., E. W. Foster, M.P., and T. Burgoyne, MP., presented to the Com missioner of Crown Lands a petition from the directors of the Queen Bee Mining Company, asking that their previous appli cation for a subsidy from the Crown for the purpose of thoroughly testing the pro perty of the company on the New Luxem bury field, might be reconsidered. The petition (the Advertiser says) stated that the field was one which had repeatedly been inspected by the Government Geolo gists and pronounced by them to be well deserving development. It was pointed out that the company was formed on the most genuine basis, no one shareholder having preference over the others, all shares ranking alike, and all being contributing shares. The company claimed to have been worked systematically and economically since its formation with the sole object of developing and thoroughly testing the mine. Before the company was formed about £2,000 was spent on the property, and since its formation about <£950 had been laid out. The means of the company being at present very limited, the share holders, it was stated, could not do more than barely comply with the mining laws and regulations, and were, therefore, unable to test and develop the property as is warranted by the prospects. To demonstrate ' the position of the company statements of accounts taken in connection with the reports of the inspectors of mines, Messrs. Eosewarne and Parkes, and the two half yearly reports were appended. The Com missioner promised to obtain an early report from Mr. Parkes on the matter. ME. DAY'S LECTURE.-Thus comments " Delphi " in the Silver Age of August 12: "The country is just now suffering acutely from the delusions of a class of chronic labor agitators and social slavery reformers that their peculiar views on political and social economy, when uttered from a public plat form, constitute a lecture, and any person who would go round and meat-axe a few lecturers in cold-blood would be doing a. service to the nation. In South Australia they have perpetrated ail iniquity called the Land Reform Campaign, which undertakes to scatter knowledge broadcast through the medium of a course of lectures. One of the shining' lights of the movement is ex-Eev. Medway Day, and last week the editor of the Voice sought to enlighten the bucolic mind at Kapunda on ' Social Slavery-Its Cause and Cure* in a lecture of the series. The burden of his song was, in short, that to the private ownership of land was due the multitudinous ills that now afflict Australia, and after discoursing at length on the sub ject he rashly invited criticisms. Whereat the Hon. Jenkin Coles arose, and after pick ing the lecture to pieces and mildly scarify ing the lecturer urged that private owner ship of land had nothing to do with the present depression, and "was not responsible for social slavery, if any existed, and that if it did exist it was due as much to trades union terrorism as anything else. And Mr. Day had to suggest that he had not bargained to have a second lecture. Something ought really to be done to restrain unbelievers fromunduly criticis ing the lectures of the Land Beform Cam paign." 