NEWS AND NOTES The usual fortnightly meeting of the Pride of the West Lodge No. 90, of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia, was held at Fremantle on Fri day last, when the usual business was gone through and 8 new members were initiated and 4 more proposed for next meeting night. A hearty vote of thanks was proposed to the riaiting brethren, which was responded to by brethren from the City of Perth Lodge and Pride of the Valley, Brisbane, Queensland ; andon the motion of Bro. Ibbereon.tbe Secretary, it was decided to pay an official visit to the City of Perth Lodge on Tuesday night next. The Lodge closed in due form, after a pleasant evening spent. Says the Bunbury Herald : —' Mr. John King, who for a long time drove the mail coach between Perth and Pinjarrah, was the recipient of a testimonial at the latter place in the shape of a 'leather medal'. The object of the questionable compliment is doubtful, except, perhaps, as a parting souvenir of the now defunct mail-coach ser- vice. The medal is a circular piece of sole leather about 2ins. in diameter, with white paper pasted on one side, on which is writ- tea the following words :— ' This medal was presented to J. King, in consideration of the able manner he drove the Royal mail coach. The medal was taken from the hide of the horse that used to take three men to hold him before starting, and six men to push at the wheels after starting.' (Sign ed) — The Settlers ef the Serpentine.' The appeal cases entered for hearing be fore the Full Court are the following: — A. McCooey v. A. Y. Haesell, an appeal by the plaintiff McCooey against the judg ment of the Chief Justice, delivered on the 20th March last, in which the plaintiff's chum of compensation for the vexatious lodging of a caveat was practically disal lowed, on the ground that no actual damage was proved, and therefore none was allowed by the verdict, and no order made as to costs. Appeal by James Kelly against a decision by magistrates at Bunbury. Ap peal by the W.A. Mortgage and Agency Company against the verdict given by a special jury on the 26th instant, by which A. J. Ogilvie was awarded the full amount which had been paid on forged cheques and wrongfully debited to bis account. The mails brought to Albany on Satur day by the contract packets Cuzco and Ballaarat reached Perth by train shortly before noen May 29,and their contents Were available at the General Post-office shortly afterwards. The latest London dates re ceived by the Cuzco (via Naples) ware to April 28 ; from the colonies (via Adelaide), to May 24. The Ballaarat proceeded for London, viaColombo, shortly after midnight on Saturday. The anniversary services of the Brisbane street Wesleyan church Sunday school were held on Sunday two very successful services being held in the afternoon and evening. At the former the fiev. W.A. Potts officiated, and the latter was conducted by the Eev. T. Bird. The presentation of prizes at the afternoon service was a special feature, a large number of scholars being present. Attention is drawn to the favorable re* view by the Commercial World appearing in another column, of the last report issued by the Citizens' Life Assurance Company. Amid all this talk ef reconstruction, one fact has been kept religiously in the back ground (says a writer in the Mining Stan dard.) It is that no account has been taken of the very large dividends which shareholders have received for years past. These dividends have come mostly from the employment of the capital of the de positors, wko if ordinary fair dealing was to prevail, should not bo asked to lockup their money until tbe shareholders had supplied capital to the extent of the dividends drawn from deposited capital, and extinguished their share liability. Then reconstruction by the aid of the depositors might be considered. It must not be over looked that the banks borrow money at 3£ ' to 4£ per cent., and lend it at 8 per cent., thus making a profit of about 75 per cent, on fixed deposits. If money lenders lend on these terms, they would be described as usurers, but the banks, bless you, are respectable business concerns. The contract for lighting the streets and municipal buildings of Perth with electric lamps has now been fixed in the remaining details as to the number and kind of lampB to be used. The original tender on which Mr. MacKenzie undertook to light the city provided a number of the large arc lamps to be suspended high, in the busiest parts of the Central Ward, and fer incandescent lamps (like the small lights used in certain city hotels) to be attached to the existing lamp-poets in the secondary and residential streets throughout the city area, Alter the contract was agreed to on both sides', a question arose as to whether arc lamps would not be more satisfactory if ueed in all streets ; and as the Lighting Com mittee expressed a preference for the larger lamps, Mr. MacKenzie ultimately offered to substitute arc lamps for incandescent lamps throughout the city, in aoertain pro portionate number, and specifyingthe num ber which he considered necessary to give an illumination more than equivalent to that of the smaller lamps. No extra charge was to be made, as the fitting up of lamps bad not commenced. Then came in a doubt as to whether the smaller lights at short distances would not, in practice, give a more regular illumination than the fixing of a few brilliant lights with darkening spaces between. Enquiry was made as to the use of the two systems in Melbourne, and the fact was ascertained that incandescent lamps had been superseded by the larger arc lamps in many thoroughfares, as the result of aetual trial. The Lighting Committee in Perth have at length satisfied themselves as to the method which they consider best suited for the scattered popu lation of this city; and at a meeting held last evening the committee agreed with the contractor to modify tbe contract in such a manner as will enable the committee to specify certain places where they prefer the incandescent lamps as being more suitable than the arc lamps for particular locali ties. Tbis modification really enables the committee to mix the two systems of lighting wherever they may deem it desir able, during the first installation and in the future extensions. The committee have been acting with the full authority of the City Council, in deciding these details, and the lighting contract may now be re garded as settled in all its particulars. This decision will enable Mr. MacKenzie to complete the work of installation within a few weeks. The Fremautle Local Court sat on Monday morning : — In the following cases judgment was given for the plaintiffs with costw W:: Sandover v W. E. Leeder & Co., £4 8s9d; C. Allen vJ.J, Davis, £12 4s; J. Doonan & Sons v A. Wakely, £16 9s 8d ; H. H. Lorimer v Hammond Bros. JB4 15s ; Hastdn Dictum v F. GK Humphries £3 4s ; D. K. Congdon v C. Watson, £3 10s ; T. Griffiths v W. Master, 11s 7d ; J. McHenry Clarke, v J. C. ThomaB, £6 8s 9d ;L. Levine v Mossor Alii, £7 14s ; Stirling Bros. & Co. (Ltd.) v E. Newman, advertising, £16 17s. The case of G. Parrant v G. Trimnell, 18s., was struck out, neither of the persons appearing. The case of Holmes Bres. v J. Beany, claim for £7 10s 6d, was adjourned until next Court day. C. Allen v G. Cor paccioli, £16 16s, was alst adjourned. Sutherland & Co. y S. B. Shanks £12 Is judgment for plaintiff with costs. J. A. Hicks v P B Eoaohock, £10 15s, adjourned until Thursday. Holmes Bros. & Co. v W. Hicks, £1 6s lOd ; judgment for plaintiffs. Do v fi. Comery, £1 6s lOd, judgment for plaintiffs. J. Lilly v Jardine and Bendall, chum for £50, for damage to property by the removal of building material. Judg ment for £10 and costs. A Magic Lantern Entertainment will be held in the Cathedral Schoolroom tomor sow Wednesday evening in connection with St. Alban'sBandof Hope Highgate. The subjects, for exhibition will be ' The Little Shoes,' 'Robinson Crusoe' Sinbad the Sailor/ &c;, manipulated by Mr, T. Smith with limelight effects by Mr. G. Skaife, connective readings by Mr. J. C. H. James. The Misses Prineep, Durlacher and Glyde and Mrs. Cumming. Messrs. J. S. Pearson G. Baikes and B. C. Wood have promised to assist with selos etc. and a crowded attendance is expected. The following passengers arrived at Ply mouth from Albany, Apiil 25, by the E.M.S. Orizaba :— Miss Blackburn, Messrs. J. Thompson, W. Turner, and H. S. Wright. We (8.A. Chronicle of May 23) have received the following telegram, dated Fowler's Bay, May 22, from Mr. D. Lindsay, who is leading an exploration expedition into West Australia :— ' Arrived Saturday. Detained by heavy rains which have fallen all along the coast. The prospeots of a good season are assured. Am favorably impressed with west coast lands. Leaving today.' The manager of the Perth branch of the Commercial Bank (Mr. W. J. Thomas) has handed us tbe following letter received on Monday from the Bank's head office, which refers to the recent telegrams from London in reference to the compulsory liquidation of the old Bank :— ' The action of the Court in London does not affect or apply to the new Commercial Bank. It applies to the London assets of the old Commer cial Bank, amounting to a comparatively small amount, say about £400,000. The Court has merely directed that these assets shall be retained in the control of the Courts until such time as the official docu ments arrive from Australia to enable these , assets to be dealt with. The new Bank has sent to London sufficient money to meet all engagements and provide for all outstanding drafts of tha old bank as they fall due. Nothing that can be done in London can now affect the position of the new bank.' The following (says an Adelaide exchange of May 23) is an extract from a letter written by the Rev. G. E. Eowe to his late colleague, Bev. J. W. Mouland, who labored seven years in the Perth circuit: — 'I feel quite at home already. We had a royal reception. The church is an imposing and commodious building, and there is good material to work upon, as the congregations are excellent, and there is a large number of young men attending the church. A good tone pervades the people, and the week night congregations are larger than any I know of in Adelaide. The choral service question is received with enthusiasm, and I find the officers and workers ready to hail any new methods that promise to secure additionalinterest in church work. Already we have had indications of the ap proaching outpouring of the Holy Ghost. I regard this as a grand field, and just now we have an open door.' Rainfall registered last Tuesday :— Mt. Barker 7 points, Albamy 8, Bremer Bay 60, Esperance Bay 6, Eucla 9 points. On Wednesday, May 25 2052 ozs. of gold was shipped to Melbourne per s.s. Bullarra, as follows -.—Bank of New South Wales, 1894 ozs., Union Bank, 158 ozs. Since the method of treating snake-bite poisoning by hypodermic injections of strychnine, discovored by Dr. A. Mueller, of Sydney, it has been very generally adopted by the medical profession throughout the Australian colonies. Dr. Mueller has now written a book entitled ' Snake Poison ; its action and its antidote,' for the use ?£ the general public, so ' that the meroid pro cesses engendered by the snake venom and the modus operandi of the antidote should be explained in a manner satisfying the de mands of science, and at the same time within the grasp of the intelligent, moder ately educated layman.' The work, which is handsomely bound, is published by Brack, of Sydney. The chapters on snake poison and its action and on the antidote are both very interesting. ' Of the chemical compo sition of the poison,' says the author, 'we knew as yet but little, and it is questionable whether the most perfect chemical analysis of its constituents will ever give us a clue to its action or will enrich our pre sent knowledge of it. The microscope has done good service in the investigation of snake poison. It has, in the first place, informed us with absolute certainty thai there are no micro - organisms or germs of any kind in the freBhpoisonimme diately it leavest he gland j but a still more important revelation we owe to it is the fact that these organisms, when we in troduce them into a 2 per cent, solution of the poison, do not die, but live, multiply, and enjoy their existence most lustily, whilst animals of a higher type soon perish in it.' Strychnine he claims to be exact antithesis to snake poison in its action. As to the doses, they vary with the character of the snake and the constitution of the subject. As a rule four grains can be in jected with safety, and six and eight grains if required. In flhose oases only where the long fangs of the snake perforate into a vein, and a large quantity of the vemon is injected into the blood stream, overpower ing the nerve centres, so as to make death imminent if not almost instantaneous, the sub-cutaneous injections may be found of little use. The possession of the book by persons resident in the bush, and on country stations generally, will no doubt be appre ciated. Our correspondent at Geraldton wires : Foundation Day is to be celebrated by Northern Athletic Club's sports. The weather is delightful and a good season an ticipated. Times, however, are exceedingly dull— nothing doing. It was quite to be expected that the ar rival of the F. & 0\. liner Australia in port at Sydney would be referred to there as an event in steaming history between Lon don and that country. The Australia left London on the 80th March, and made her voyage, including all stoppages, in 89 days. This has never before beeen accomplished by any mail steamer over the same route. The fastest steaming of the Australia was 17.6, between Colombo and King George's Sound. Her average from Brindisi to Al bany was 16.8 knots per hour. This has not been anything like closely approached by any of the mail steamers. The mails she brought left London at 8 p.m. on the 7th April, and were placed on board the ship at Brindisi at 2.45 a.m. on the 10th April. The vessel had the Britannia's pre vious record via Colombo to beat, and on the short passage to Colombo was several hours ahead of the time made by the jubi lee steamer. Tha passage down the Indian Ocean waq made under adverse circum stances, string head winds being encount ered most ot the way. At Albany the steamer was 3i hours ahead of the Britan nia's time, but -mi the run across the Aus tralian Bight she did not do so well as that steamer. The aixjhor was dropped at Ade laide at 12.48 p.m.on the 4th of May, and the mails despatched by train to Melbourne, where they arrived q days 47 minutes from the time they left London. The Britannia's mails were 28 days \7 minutes old when they reached Melbourne so that the Aus tralia has beaten her record by 24 hours. The mails for West Australia were landed at Albany in 23 days 7 hours from London, or 32 hours quciker than during the famous trip of the R.M.S. Britannia last year, and in less time than by aiy other steamer by this ronte. The balance for South Austra lia and the eastern colonies reached L&tgs; Bay in 26 days 4 hours and 47 minutes, oi exactly 24 hours 13 minutes before the Britannia's. On Monday the 'Black Diamond Min strels ' performed in Fremantle to a cram med house. The first part was very well given the songs and jokes being liberally applaud ed. Mr. Dymock was encored for his ver sion of the' Mounted Infantry.' The second part was composed of miscellaneous items, and care had evidently been taken in rehearsal, for all the numbers were good. The performance concluded with a farce, which was of the usually funny order, and the audience separated well pleased with the entertainment. The Ven. W. M. Sinclair, Archdeacon of London, preaching at St. Bride's, Fleet street, last month, made special reference to what he termed the dreadful and intolerant views existing amongst religious sects of the day, who had propagated their opinions by fire and sword, and had done evil that good might come. Even in the bosom of Christianity itself the spirit of intolerance, unknown to the first disciples of the Master, developed itself. Until a compara tively recent period, when the true spirit of Christianity had at last again been understood, Romanists and some of the Protestant sects not only consigned each other to everlasting perdition, but in thier different turns had recourse to persecution. Now, however, the ideal of liberty of conscience had been established. Among thoughtful, good, and intelligent men there was now mutual respect between Romanist and Protestant. It was only a vain and intolerant Cardinal who returned from Rome who declared that the English nation belonged to that which was a false religion and a non- existent Church, and that he had come to exterminate the one and convert them to the true and only form of the other. Independents, Baptists, and Wes leyans seemed drawing nearer together. Even the strictest members of the English Church prof essed to treat non-conforming Christians with courtesy and friendship. The Geraldton Express states that the last trip of the Flinders to taatport was the final appearance of that vesBel. She is to be taken off this coast by the Adelaide Steamship Company, and put in the Queens land trade. Her place will be filled here by our old friend the Bob Roy. 