THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From the Northern Territory Times.] Local aborigines are feeling much concerned as to whether or not the blacks now under' sentence of death will be banged in the eoal enclosure. They vote strongly against euch _a~ thing on superstitious grounds, averring that if the hanging does take place within the' precincts the ghosts of the strangled darkies will for ever appear to all and sundry , aboriginals who afterwards have to serve a . time in durance ; and the Heart of the future' offender is sorely troubled. Per b.s. Chanesha -the Commercial Bank, shipped two box-* of gold containing 4,924 02. . valued at £17,000. Another export was 33 bags of fish (dried) valued at £25. A good deal of prospecting for pearl Bhell beds was performed within the last week or ten * days by Mr. S. T. Brown in the steamer Maggie and the Japanese divers in their Ing* - gera. A start was made inUynoe Harbor 'and from here the boats went across to the Vemona, ?, and on the homeward journey the neighbor-* hoods of Lee Point, Casaarinas, and E«et' Point were given a rough triaL At all' the places visited what the miner would.' term 'indications' were found; that i6 to . say, a few shells were picked np. But it re mains for future operations to prove what, those traces lead up to. The expedition will, we understand, make -another similar voyage' of discovery st an early date. We have only , ' to look at the results from any well regulated ' shelling ground to be convinced that beds of - shell are not so magnificently easy to disoern; that a diver may drop on one at his Own sweet; will and pleasure. They must be hunted for : like gold, ,in deep and shallotr 'sinking,' and * aa a rule at the rikk of much capital. The display of gold which was placed on - view at the Commercial Bank on Saturday : last attracted quite a host of sightseers. ' The , exhibit represented parcels from the majority'! of the goldfields of the Northern Territory, in ~ : addition to epecinrais of gold.. silver, tin, and '. copper bearing ores, and the whole formed a most enticing show, one of the most striking features of which waa a magnificent specimen; of golden quarts from Mr. H. :RobertE*a:; Extended Union claim. A heap of retorted gold worth nearly £18,000 is * sight not fre quently admitted to public gaze «ad iha opportunity presented by the Commercial: Bank authorities was therefore 'welcome to » - great many persons who unlike the bankers have not bad the pleasure of handling /tons of ~ the vile stuff. Thegoldisnow en route sooth- . ??wards.' .„., ,.:, ..-?. ., -. -;f ....'? -^ '''.?.':*- .--£? 