The Storyteller. Red Diamonds. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY. CHAPTERS I. and II.—Gerald Aspen, a journalist employed on the Catapult, an up-to-date weekly, is a member of the Voyagers' Club, and one day is accosted by a stranger, Mr. Seth Chickering, a diamond miner from the South African Veldt. He oxplains the manner la which he became amemborof the Voyagers' Club by writing from the Veldt to Mr. Raven, one of the promoters, whose brother, Gentleman Jim as he was called, he was acquainted with. Qontlemau Jim had been recently murdered, he explains. As he is speaking he interests his listener still more by produc ing a leather bag from which he displays numerous diamonds of brilliant quality. Chapter lII.—Mr. Seth Checkering, making a con fidant of Gomld, tells him of his success on the diamond fields, a? well as that of his " pards," some of whom, dying, have intrusted to him the task of finding out various friends to whom they wish their wealth in diamonds to be given. He intrusts Gerald with a well-lined pocket-book until the morrow, ami disappears in thedarknoss of London, CHArTEns IV. and V.—Gerald, starting after his newly found acquaintance, comesupon Captain Kavcu, who has just driven up with two ladios, whom he afterwards explains are Lady Scardalo and Miss Locke, to whose function Gerald has been invited. Gerald tells him about the interview with Seth Checkering, and his story. Raven tells him to keep the pocket-book till ho sees Chickoring again. In St. James's-street Checkering goesup a narrow court, and a few miuutes afterwards a stranger id unexpectedly jostled by a tall red-headed man who suddenly emerges from the court. Passing down the court the stranger comes upon the body of a man, whom he recognises as Chickcring. Chapters VI. and VII.—Mr. Ratt Gundy, the Stranger who finds Seth Chickering'b body, at once communicates with a policeman and tells him all he knows. In a conversation between Lady Scardale and Fidelia Locke the latter tellshor companion- that she is sure her father, who had left nor to seek bis fortune in a foreign land, is dead. She is convinced of this and adds," I can only think that if he is dead he died lor me.1' Chapters VIII. ana IX.—Gerald next morning learns from the newspaper of the murder of Seth Chiukering, and opens the pocket-book consigned to him. He finds an envelope containing the names of the company of partners, some dead, with the names of the heirs attached, to whom the- wealth is to bo given on the tint of the following January*, He finds his. own name fcsShe son of John Aspen, " Dead from an overdose of chloral." Another name- is that o( Fidelia Locke, daughter of Captain Reginald Locke, against whose name Seth Checkering had written "Killed in fair fight by " The third name was that of the Hon. O. P. Rayon, second son of Lord Wallington, against "whose name was written "Murdered by Noali Bland." His heir wad stated to be Captain Raven. Opposite the name of Noah Bland was penned- the word " Lynched," and the name of his heir was given KB Japnet Bland. The fifth name was that of Ratt Gundy, against whose name was written " Vamosed.'' The last name was that of Seth Chickering himself, with no heir's name attached, Gerald visits Lady Scardale and tells Miss Locke of his discovery. She tows to find out and bring, to justice her father's murderer. Chatter Xl.—An iNTEnvrcw with Mr. Bait GCNDT—(COXHSUED). Gundy drew a deep breath. •'Odd thing," he said, "how anybody will help a man to get bad, and how few, even among the good, will help him to get back to Bpmething like goodneaa I I thought you were the very man to-help me- to get acquainted with ♦ The sole right of serial publication in Queensland has been purchased- by. tfw Brisbane ftowipamr Company, Limited, that girl—but you have scruples. Well—all right. I hayo a way of my own, old cbap—a way quite withouS you. It will cost me some thing—the giving up of a resolve I had formed. I was dotermincd not to go back to civilisation —now I've got to go back to it—all through you. But I don't blame you, and I shan't bear any malice." Gundy smiled his sweet, bright, boyish smile, and held out his hand to Gerald. " What do you mean by going back to civili sation ?" Gerald asked. •• Do you mean staying in London ? You must Btay in London if you wont to see her." Pie did not mention her name. He had grown shy already of men tioning her name. " Wait and you'll see," said Gundy. " One favour, my boy, I have to ask, and it's this. A man may have different names in life, mayn't he ? There may be one name for London and another name for South Africa, eh ? Well, if you should ever meet me with my London name would you have the goodness to forget that I ever called myself Hatt Gundy, there's a good chap?" "I say, what darksome mystery is this? May I not have the first of it for the Catapult ?" " Not a bit of it—this little business is purely private and confidential. We shall meet again, a3 they say in the plays—and you will hear of me by a different name—and that will be my real name—and all I ask you to do is not to express any wild amazement over the trans formation, but just to take it for granted and drop Ratt Gundy for the present. If you want Ratt again you can send for him at any moment and he's bound to come. But above all things remember that to. that girl I am not Ratt Gundy—l am myself alone. Ratt Gundy killed her father—well and good—l mean ill and bad—but lam not Ratt Gundy—l am myself again. Don't be alarmed, old chap; there's no deception in the business, all on the square, honest Injun; my identity can be warranted on the most respectable authority. I can have a Bishop to avouch it if you like—we have one in the family." Ratt stood up and the two young men parted. Gerald went home much mystified and feeling as if he were treading the mazes of a Christmas pantomime. Was everybody going to turn out to be somebody else ? The other day he himself was a poor young man—now he was to bo a rich young man, and hardly knew how it all came about. The other day he made the acquaintance of SethChickering, and now Seth Chickering was the victim of a mysterious murder. The other day he had never heard of Fidelia Locke, and now he was linked with her in a strange sort of colleagueship, and he was fast falling in love with her. The other day he had never heard of Ratt Gundy, and now Ratt Gundy was his fast friend—and was the man who had killed Fidelia's father. And now Ratt Gundy was turning out not to be Ratt Gundy at all, but somebody quite different, who was to oome on Gerald with absolute surprise. " This is becoming rather too much for mo," the young man thought as he walked homeward. "My whole life is getting to be a puzzle. I don't quite know what is real and what is not real. And it's of no manner of use to me for the Catapult— being all true nobody would believe it." That evening Ratt Gundy went to his chambers, paid his bills, gave handsome largesse to the servants, had his trunk paoked —he travelled, as experienced travellers gene rally do, with very little luggage, and that little well compressed—announced that he was going out to South America, and drove to the railway station and took a ticket for Southampton. He did not go on board any steamer, however. He remained in Southampton only one night, and returned to London next day, having contrived in the meantime to make a considerable change in his appearance. When he reached London he took rooms at Claridge's Hotel, and then visited tailors, hatters,, and bootmakers of the most approved order. As he was passing a large mirror in one of the hotel halls he looked at his own face in it and smiled. It was not admiration for his own personal appearance that caused the smile. "I don't suppose Margaret would know me again in any. case," he said to himself, " but at all events she wouldn't recognise Ratt Gundy in me even if she had ever seen the worthy Ratt." It was soon known in the hotel that the new comer was the brother of an earl, and that he had been about the world a great deal. There was a vague impression that he had been rather a bad lot, but that he was not nearly so bad as his brother, and an impression got about that he had oome home with a good deal of money, all which facts or fancies were duly chronicled in the columns of the enterprising Catapult. But Gerald Aspen did not do any interviewing at Claridge's. The new comer, although the brother of an earl, was not nearly so interesting a porson as Ratt Gundy, and the Catapult did not take any pains about him. The Moonbeam made no attempt to compete for him, but indeed the Moonbeam had not yet quite got over the discouraging effect of the hoax perpetrated so \- mercilessly by Ratt Gundy. The change of personality was a source of fresh delight to Ratt himself, who enjoyed everything that came in bis way, and could, if need were, have lived in a nutshell, and ooanted himself^ king of infiuito space* Chatter XII.—A Masteb of Fe.vce. So long as man remains the man he is, the sword will always exert its glittering fascina tion over him. It may be barbarous to love white weapons, and we may grow out of it in time, and certainly we carry swords by our sides no longer; but the sword is a brilliant creature, and modern man, draped in the clinging garments of civilisation, is often as eager to oatch it by the handle as young Achilles was when Ulysses found him in Scyros with the girl's gown upon him. It is a question that sometimes troubles the reflective mind, how wili a distant generation, to whom the familiar carrying of swords has become so much a thing of the past as to be almost forgotten—how will it enjoy all that shining page of romance, all those oloak-and-sword dramas and tales, all the epio books and the epio dramas, to the understanding of which a familiarity with arms seems essential ? Up to yesterday, as it were, the world bad been all the same ; custom had rim on the old lines: gentlemen had carried sworrtd from the days of Diomede to the days of Diderot. Shakspeare's brilliant swordsmen, his Romeos and Gloster3, were as much of kin to our great-grandfathers as they were to the Elizabethans for whom thoy wore written, as they would have been to the Homeric heroes who figure metamorphosed in " Troilus and Cressida." But how will they seem to that posterity to whom the idea of weapons, save as tho tools of a military caste, are grown as unfamiliar as incantations? Some such reflections wore passing through Lady Scardale's mind as she stood in the great' gymnasium hall watching the fencing lesson. For Lady Soardale was as eager and as advanced in her ideas concerning bodily training as she was in her ideas concerning mental training, and if her court was a little Academe for her girk' minds to widen in, it had a strong Spartan element in it of physical exerciso as well. Lady Scardale's ideal woman was to be as excellent in bodily accomplishments as in mental endow ments, and every one who came under Lady Scardale's influence was expected to conform so far to Lady Scardale's theories as to devote a certain portion of the day to bodily exercise. A girl might go in for what are oalled calis thenics, or for the more serious gymnastics which daring woman adopts now with a Bucoess that would have astonished—and shocked— our great-grandmothers, or she might dance especially those beautiful old-fashioned dances —pavanes, and minuets, and gavottes which gave our ancestresses grace and dignity of movement —or she might go in for fencing. For the matter of that, any enterprising young woman might go in for all these accomplish ments, and many of Lady Scardale's disciples ' did, and distinguished themselves therein. But if Lady Scardale had a belief in the offioaoy of any one form of bodily exercise over another she had a belief in the efficacy of fenoing. Fencing, she argued aud argued rightly, gave the body more universal exercise than almost any other form of physical test, and she insisted that in England especially, where no one fought duels, it was just as valuable an accomplish- I raent for women as for men. So fencing was ! an established portion of the girls' education at Lady Scardale's place, and the fencing hour was one of the most interesting hours in Lady Scardale's day. Every day a skilled fencing master came for an hour or two to give in struction in the handling of the rapier, and a very pretty sight the lesson was. The girls wore a dress that was at onoe admirably adapted for the purpose, and at the same time exceedingly becoming, and the great hall pre sented a very animated appearance while the lesson went on; the professor instructing novices in the beginnings of the great art in one spot while in others mimic combats were going on between girls whose training was sufficiently far advanced to allow them to practise by themselves, while in another the few girls whom the professor had specially singled out for their excellence and address wore engaged in getting their inexperienced sisters into shape, so that they should have less to learn when they came under the eye of the master. Lady Scardale almost always oame in at fenoing time and watched the lesson. She sat on a kind of little dais or raised gallery at the end of the room, a dais led up to by two or three short stepß and provided with chairs for the benefit of the occasional visitors, friends of Lady Scardale or of the girls, who were privi leged to see the lesson. On this occasion Lady Scardale sat enthroned upon her dais, watching the lesson with the grave attention which she always gave to every thing to which she devoted herself. Indeed there was something more than her usual interest displayed, for the fenoing master was giving a lesson to Fidelia Locke, and anything in which Fidelia was concerned always inspirited ■ Lady Soardale with an exceptional interest. The interest seemed to be shared by the fencing master, for he appeared to be giving his lesson with a greater zeal and closer attention than he gave to his other pupils. He was always thorough; he was always painstaking; he was always patient; as indeed a man requires to be who takes upon himself the task of teaching women to handle the small sword; but, as-it had seemed to the keen eye 3of Lady Soardale, he wa3 more thorough and more patient and took more pains when he wa3 teaching Fidelia Locko than he did at any other time. But, indeed, Fidelia Locke was a very brilliant pupil; quick in this, as in everything else she tried, she was already one of the best fencers in the class, and any fencing master might well be proud of her quickness and address. Lady Scardale's fencing master permitted himself to say as much to Lady Scardale when Lady Scardale once questioned him as to Fidelia's progress, and as he did so it seemed to Lady Soardale that he showed, for him, a most unusual animation. For it was not apparently in the nature of that fencing master to be animated. He was a curious-looking man this fencing master. The splendour of his art, the bright ness of the sword, had not passed into him. Tall and thin and dark, always closely shaven as he was, there was ever a deep blue-black shadow on his face; always clad in close-fitting black garments there was something queerly funereal about him which was the reverse of . exhilarating. He looked as if he were ready for a duel in which he was certain to kill his man, and the very certainty had imparted a settled melancholy to his manner and an additional sombreness to his attire. His lean dark-skinned face, swarthy as a Sicilian's, seldom relaxed from an expression of rigid gravity. His thin • lips seldom smiled. His eyes were intensely black—not brilliantly black like the eyes of children of the South, but of a dull deep blaok ness which seemed never to betray a hint of the man's nature or of the man's thoughts. Indeed, when Lady Scardale had first seen him she thought him a most forbidding looking person, but he was so excellently recommended, had so many diplomas, certifi cates, and letters from all the best sohools and masters of fence on the Continent, that she could not very well decline hi 3 services on the ground of his blue-black cheeks, funereal bearing, and unpleasant eyes. "All the better," she said to herself; "the less chance of any of the .girls (Ailing in love with him," So he becamo hor fencing master, ami a very ad mirable fencing master lie proved himself to be. Lndy Scardale, who knew something about fencing, as she knew something about most arts, oould sco that for herself after the first lesson. The place was very quiet, as far indeed as the terra can be applied to a place where a series of fencing los3ons arc going on. But the incessant clinking of steel against steel and the incessant movement of feet had some thing rhythmical in them, something oven soporific, and Lady Scardale folt an uncom promising drowsiness creeping over hor. She waß just remembering in a confused kind of way some versos of ono of the young poets who sometimes came in hor way, in which lie would speak of sleepiness as Drowaihead, and the word Drowsihead seemed to be keeping in ohime with the clink of the swords and the moving feet, when she was suddenly startled from her oblivion by hearing hor name men tioned in respectful loudncss. Lady Scardale opened her eyes with a stavt. One of her maids—Lady Scardale would only be waited upon by women servants—was stand ing before her with a letter on a salvor. Lady Soardale smiled. "I was up rather late last night, Plimmer," she said. "And I do believe that I wag dozing." She put out her hand for the letter. " It came by a cab just now, my lady," sad the maid, and disappeared. Lady Soardale held the letter in her hand. Her eyes were still bat half awake. It was a letter on thick club paper, sealed with a largo red seal, and addressed in a bold, masculine hand. • .Suddenly Lady Soardale knew that she was wide awake, that the arms on the seal were most familiar to her, and that the hand writing stirred her heart with a swift rush of many memories. Fidelia Locke, earnestly endeavouring to plant her foil on the leather plastron of the fencing master's chest, was suddenly startled by a little cry from the dais. Instantly she lowered her foil and turned to where Lady Soardale was sitting. Lady Bcardale was bend ing forward in her chair, holding a letter in . her hand, and with a strange look on her face. Fidelia flung aside hor foil and ran swiftly to Lady Scardale's side. The fencing master, • stooping, picked up the fallen foil and moved . slowly after her. "Dear Lady Scardale," said Fidelia, "13 there anything the matter ?" For she had been been startled by the look on Lady Scardale'a face. "Is there any bad newß?" she now ..added, for she saw that there were tears" in Lady Scardale's eyes. "Bad news?" said Lady Scardale, looking up into Fidelia's questioning face. " Qh, no, • lny dear—no, no. Please go on with tho lesson, Mr. Bostock, with some one else. I want Miss Looke for the moment. Head that, my dear." Lady Scardale put the letter into Fidelia' 3 hand, and the girl read it while the fencing master moved back and chose for himself ; another pupil. This is what Fidelia read:— "My Dear,—lhavecomebaok upon your hands like a bad shilling—but still I don't think lam ..quite so bad as the bad shilling, for I fancy there is something to be made of me even yet. You always had a sort of faith that good was to be got out of me, and yet, dear sister, I think you, more than any other in the world, have put me out of conoeit with myself, for if you could make nothing out of me, didn't that plainly show that there was nothing to be made ? Well, here I am again, anyhow, and I have made a fortune in tho meantime—honestly too, which is the curious part of the business—and whenever my dear sister wauts to see her most good-for-nothing, once pauperised now rich 'brother-in- law, she has only to send a message to Claridge'B Hotel and ho oomes.—Worth lessly but still loviugly yours, " Rui'HRT GaiNTOM." "Oh, Fidelia," Lady Scardalo exclaimed with tears in her eyes, " how good heaven I*3 to me—how happy I am! I have got my brother in-law Rupert baok again !" And the warm hearted woman's eyes wero filled with tears, and indeed the tears were coming into the eye 3 of Fidelia also. For she knew all about Rupert Granton—how much Lady Soardale had loved . him—how much he had loved her—how kind he was and tender, and all unlike her husband— and yet how wild he was, and how the bad blood of the family waa in him, and how he would leave the sheltering arms of hoi>.iufec tion and go out of sight and of civilisation, and go far away somewhere and be heard of no more until this day, this joyous day, tl»3 day of hope and gratitude. Then Lady Scar dale sat hurriedly at her desk and scribbled a little note, which contained nothing but the words, " Come to me at once, darling brother" —and then. Lady Scardale cried on Fidelia' 3 neck, and Fidelia did some orying, too, out of sweet and sympathetic companionship. No body noticed them. The girls were too busy in employing the latest momenta of the rapidly .waning hour. The fencing master never noticed, or at least never seemed to notice, any thing. Presently Plimmer made her way in again, this time with a card on a salver. It bore the name of Rupert Granton. " Oh." said Lady Scar dale, " I will come at once." Bnt there was no need for her to move, for Mr. Rupert Granton . had very composedly followed on Plimmer'!] heels, and was standing at the end of the hall. The fencing master, who wa3 just glancing towards the door a3 Rupert Granton entered, looked curiously at Mr. Granton's face, and turned away. In another moment Rupert Granton had orossed the hall and wa3 holding Lady Seardale's hand. Fidelia rose to go away and leave the two together. " No, dearest—don't go," Lady Scavdale said —" I would rather you were here at the fira meeting. Later, if we want to say anything*, in particular, you can go if you like, but I would rather you stayed with me now.' Mr. Rupert Granton was simply our old friend Ratt Gundy dressed quite up to date, and cleanly shaven, and wearing double eye glasses. He came over to Lady Swrdale, who was standing up to (greet him, and he took both her hands in his and tenderly kissed them, and looked into her eyes, and then he kissed her forehead, and did not yet speak a wora. "Dear Rupert—dearest brother—how long you have been away! And you have oome back at last—l never thought you would oome back —I never hoped to see you any more." Then she threw her arms round his neck and kissed him tenderly, fondly—almost passion atoly. "I never meant to come back," Granton said. " I did not think myself good enough to oome back. I had knocked about the world too much and done too many queer things, and I didn't think I could ever show myself to you and your world again. And to tell the truth, dear Bister, and shame a personage whose acquaintance you will never have any chance of making, I shouldn't have come back even now but for a reason which has little or nothing to do with you." " Oh, no matter about the reason—no matter why you have come, since only you have come. t will try haid to keep you this time—l will hold you and never let you go." Fidelia was standing a little way back, watohing this singular meeting with the deepest Interest. " I don't think I should have ever known you Again," Lady Seardale said as she looked fondly at the young man. "Of course, it i 3 a long timo ago, and you have changed and grown and got strong. I should have known you by your eyes, I think—but then you cover them with glasses. Has your sight grown short, Bupert dear?" " Sight wears out like other things in a wild sort of life." "Your love for me hasn't worn out?" she asked plaintively, "even in your wild life—if it was wild. Oh, I should have known you by your voioe, Bupert dear 1 Come—l must intro duce you, before I say another word about myself, to my dear friend and colleague, Miss Fidelia Locke." She drew Fidelia forward by the arm, and Fidelia lookod frankly into the bright handsome face of the stranger. One who had known Batt Gundy would not have been likely to know him again in Bupert Granton. The great drooping moustache had gone—the chin and oheeks were closely shaven, and the pince-nez concealed the bold brightness of the eyes. Batt Gundy used to wear his hair rather long and dress carelessly—Bupert Granton wore his hair cropped olose to his head, and was elaborately got up in the latest London style. Even under the pince-nez, how over, Fidelia could see that his eyes drooped when he saw her, and that his oheek coloured a little—and he seemed embarrassed. Can it be, Bhe thought, that this reckless wanderer is shy—that he is afraid of a woman ? If Bupert had, however, been overcomo by a momentary shyness he evidently soon got over it. He talked in a rapid and easy way to his sister-in-law and to her friend. He said bat little of his own past life, and seemed to convey the idea that he would prefer not to have any thing said about it. He told them that he had oome last from South America, that he had taken part in a revolution there, and that he had before that time taken part in a revolution in Mexico; but he said nothing about mining adventures and diamond fields. Suddenly a new visitor was announced, at the mention of whose name Fidelia dropped her eyelids for a moment and then looked up with a brightened face. The new comer was Gerald Aspen, a frequent visitor at the College of Culture during recent days. He came to Lady Bear dale's dais and received the greetings of her kindly hand, and then Fidelia shook hands with him, and then his eyes fell bewildered on Bupert Granton. He did not recognise him, and yet was utterly puzzled with some strange impression that he must have met him -that he ought to know him—that the bearing of the man was familiar. The mystery was explained when Lady Seardale said: " This is my long-lost roving brother, come back to civilisation and his loving sister-in-law. Let me introduce Mr. Bupert Granton to you, Mr. Aspen." Then Gerald's eyes met those of Bupert Granton, and a look of meaning was inter changed, and Aspen knew the whole story. "Come and look at the fenoing," Lady Scar dale said; " you used to be a great lover of fencing at one time, Rupert." " Yes, I have always kept it up a little where I could," Bupert said. " I am very fond of fencing," Aspen said. So they turned to look at the fencing. Mr. Bostock had kept up his practice mechanically, it might almost seem, whilo they were speak ing. He had the air of a man who meant to convey the idea that the talk whioh wa3 going on was no business of his. Yet if any of his pupils had noticed or had watched the move ment of his eyes forother than fencing purposes it might have been seen how often he glanced round at the dais, and how he seemed to follow the movements of Fidelia Locke with a keen and hungry look. Bostock wti3 able to use his eyes for such purposes, for he was too good a fencer to have to watch very narrowly the feints and lunges of his pupils. He could spare many a glance at Fidelia—and at Gerald Aspen,too. The whole group of which Lady Seardale was the centre moved towards Bostock, who had just completed a lesson, and Lady Scar dale introduced her brother-in-law to Mr. Bos tock. 1 "You seem to be a wonderful fencer," Granton said. He had been watching the proceedings for some moments with much interest, contrasting the easy movements of the girU with the odd alternations of rigidity and supple snake-like swiftness whioh characterised the play of Bostock. Boatock turned and fixed his dull black eyes on Granton's face. " Yes," he said quietly, " I do fence pretty well. And you ?" He jerked out the question suddonly at the end of his answer, and simple though it sounded there was something of offence, something taunting which irritated Granton, as a ohanoe stroke from a whip might. "I can do a little of moat things," he answered with a laugh. " When a man has been in as many places as I have he pioks up a smattering of various arts, as well as half-a dozen vocabularies. Jaok-of-all-trades, you know." Bostook gave his shoulders the least per ceptible little shrug. It suggested dexterously, though by no means delicately, the scorn ol the expert of the amateur. Granton noted tho actiou, and was again annoyed. " I wish you would so far honour mo, Pro fessor," he said, slightly emphasising the word " Professor," " a3 to allow me to cross foils with you —if you are not too tired?" He underlined the last phrase, ironically, but tho dull eyes of Bos took grew no brighter. 111 am not tired," ho said simply. "If you will come iuto my dressing-room I can lend you some things." The girls had all gone away by this time; only Lady Seardale remained in the room, and of course Fidelia. Lady Seardale declared that she was most anxious to see Rupert handle a foil again after all these years. She had seen him fence with his brother ofton enough in the old days, and she remembered his skill, and wa3 curious to see it displayed again. Fidelia begged to be permitted to remain, and Rupert expressed himself as at once delighted and dismayed. To tell the truth he did not in his heart feel in the least dismayed. He was per fectly confident that lie would score off Bo3took, and he was very willing indeed that the process should take place before Fidelia. So he followed Bostock into his dressing-room with the thin ghost of a whistle playing about his lips. In a few moments Granton came back arrayed in the panoply of the miraio duello. Then the fencing began; Gerald, standing on the little dais botween Lady Seardale ana Fidelia, watched it with the interest which he felt in everything in which Granton took part. Granton was always something of a puzzle to him, but he could not help liking the man and his extraordinary buoyanoy and his wonderful ability in doing a great variety of thing 3. It was evidont from the first moment that he crossed foils with the master that fenoing was inoluded in the things that Granton did well, but it was evident alno, at least to a skilled 8 words worn an as Fidelia was, that Granton had entered upon the contest with a degree of con fidence which he did not keep unshaken after the first few seconds. Indeed it was so. Granton had been convinced that he would show this teacher of girls what fenoing really meant. He had handled a sword since he was a schoolboy, he had handled swords since on fields where the issue certainly meant danger, and might very well mean death, and he had had the best of it in the few oases in which it was a matter of very serious importance to him that he should have the best of it. He had tried his hand with every PrevH d'armet in Europe, and bad always come off well; he had been a member, and a distinguished member, of a famous London fencing club in the days when he still more or less adorned society. So he had prepared to attack Bostook with the same composure that an Espada would show who was advancing towards the fated bull. But a few seconds changed his mood. It only needed half-a-dozen passes to con vince him that Bostock was the toughest of fencers he had ever encountered, and a few more that the man was really and truly a master of his weapon. At first Granton had attacked swiftly and incisively, trying botte after botte —and he knew many a one—with amazing rapidity. But Boßtook met every one of them with an imperturbable oertainty which astonished Gran ton. If the man's rapier had been a vory wall of steel he could hardly have seemed to be more securely shut off from all Granton's assaults. Then in his turn Bostock began to attack, and Granton felt that the tables were being turned on him with a vengeanoe. Ho defended himself as desperately as if he had been really fighting for his life on some gray morning in a Parisian park, and for some brilliant despairing seoonds he succeeded in keeping Bo3took off. But only for a few seconds. Suddonly tho fenoing master's weapon gleamed before his eyes in an unex pected feint, then there was a dexterous turn of the wrist, a sudden sense on Granton'a heart that he and his foil were quite alone in the world, and the next moment he felt the decisive touch on the breast just where the little orimson heart was sewn on to tho leather of his jerkin. Granton dropped his foil, Bostock recovered and saluted, Fidelia applauded, Gerald smiled slightly, and Lady Scardalo looked anxious. Granton notod eaoh action and understood it. Fidelia had applauded because she loved the game so well that she must applaud the mo3t skilful, quite apart from any personal feeling. Gerald bad looked surprised because he had not expected to see Granton defeated. Lady Scardalo looked anxious because it slightly worried her to think that her favourite should not succeed in anything he undertook. Gran ton had to admit to himself that ho felt some what chagrined. He had wanted that applause of Fidelia's to be given to him ; he had counted upon it almost as a certainty, and after all it had been given to that funereal follow, who was standing there bolt upright and staring with his dull expressionless eyes at the dais where tho fair Fidelia was enthroned like a queen of beauty. But Granton was not c°in6 to allow any hint of chagrin to betray itself in his manner. 11 Well done," he said, laughing and extend ing his hand to Bostock, who bowed stiffly but did not take it; "I thought I was a pretty smart fenoer, but I have met my match this time and no mistake. You must have studied in rare schools." Bo3tock bowed again as stiffly as before. "It was worth taking pain 3 about," he said, "and I took pains." " I believe one oan succeed in anything if one only take paina enough," Granton rejoined, lifting bis mask from his face and moving to wards the dais. The fencing master looked after him. " I hops so," he said, more to himself than to Granton. [TO DE CONTINUED.] 