THE FLYING DUTCHMAN'S AVI EE. J. .: W, iJ A SKETCH OF THE EARLY 'DIGGING DAYS. 7 1 CHAPTER I. When . the neiws gofc: thoroughly well known on W ood's Po.,nfc that "German Harry," store ad. , shanty ' keeper (better known as the " Flying Dutch man," from his habit of scudding along at the rate qf a mile an hour), had sent to Melbourne' for his wife, " all hands and; the cook" determined to ".'roll up" and give her a welcome- that would astonish the Point, and the woman, and even the ; packhorse that "fetched her along." ' (t An'-innlr vfti'ft ninfeTe" Tfr. woe PJh; V-.v, IT MM Johus, the. ".Flying Yankee," that spoke — "of Harry don't wade in on this o-kasion with a free ball arid supper, why, he's not thWwhite- man we.took him for, . certainly.' riot." .. But the German had already, as he put: it; " taken old farder time niit the fore legs and nailed to a slab of the I Reefers' Rest Hotel was : to be seen a square of .blue paper annouricing that a free ball and supper would be held in that hostelry on the following Sat- j urday night, -and it further added that everybody was welcome. It inay perhaps be as well to ex plain here that very few men 011 the diggings in. the early days were known I by their proper names. Life then was I fnd linrMOfl f"A namnlf A P mnnh nmin r-VA enW uw nwuwu uv/ UL UiUUU VsULCUAULAJ in such matters. Some obtrusive per sonal peculiarity," form of speech, nationality, or habit was seized on and fixed to the individual at once by way of nickname, and it stuck to him for good. Thus we had " Harry, my friend," from his constant style of I salute, "How are you, my friend?" " Good-day Dick," for a similar reason, " uanaaian dim, " Preachy, "doe the Victim" (from having been had by his mates over a division of gold), j " Wrong- to-blazes Bob," " Sailor Bill," "Ned the- Splitter," "Gentleman George," " Cockney Tom," " German Jack," " 'Possum Ike," "What-clieer Dick," " Jack the Reefer," " Jordey," "Cabbage-tree Ned," " Yorkey," &c.; The same, rule applied to localities. Thus we had "Peg-leg Gully," "Tin- pot Gully," "Dead-horse Flat," " Sailor Bill's ' Creek," ' " Blanket Flat," and "other expressive but hide ously ugly appellations. The men, too, who constituted the great mass of diggers were drawn from every class of life. On one claim at the Frenchman's Creek the -brother of a peer of the realm, a AVhitechapel butcher, a Cain- bridge M.A., and an old hand from "over the water" were working to gether. They shared the same hut and got on very well. The Cambridge man played the- penny-whistle like an angel, but he became too fond of drink, and dropped down very low in the social scale. When last seen he was literally in rags, and was playing his penny-whistle and step-dancing for coppers in one of the lowest public- houses in Melbouruo. The moral of the above, as Captain Ed'ard Cuttle trulv said, "lies in the application of it." Now, the arrangements for a free ball and supper on the diggings in the tifmes. and sixties were the perfection of simplicity, .u- r.„.niture (i£ any) in the biggest room of the hotel cleared, the floor swept, the slush- lamps lit, and a fiddler stuck oh a barrel in a corner out of the way, with orders to play like the devil him self. Drinks were to be had in any ouantitv for "old at t.lifi bar and at-. midnight supplies of bread, meat and mustard were set out in the passage. At the back of the hotel was the " dead-house," a rough log hub wherein the dancers as they wend down in the encounter with their particular beve rage "planted." As the dead-house filled so the ball-room emptied. When the last reveller had been carted to the " cemetery," the ball was over and the landlord, if able, prospected for his own bed, and having found it generally turned in " all standing." luiii/ \v»s tne programme 01 a irea ball aud supper on its best behavior. A tame sort of function for the Point that was usually alludod to contemptuously as a "shicer." The real oajoyablo thing, however, included in tho bill of faro was a free fight with pick-handles for weapons, glasses and bottles flying through the air and shivering to pieces against heads or walls ; the fiddler with his smashed' instrument flying for dear life down the creek; the landlord in his own deaddiouso " charcoal burning" (i.e., sleeping with his head in the ashes); the slush lamps out, and a heap of men piled np on tho ballroom floor wailing for daylight in order to recommence fes tivities. Next day the ball would con tinue, and last until all tho " hard stuff" ran out-, and the bed- rock of bitters and sarsparilla ..was reached. Then "re covery would bo suffered" by the revel lers, which meant a wilderness of snakes and spiders, and the hall finally would conclude. Tho contract to bring Mrs German Harry up from Melbourno was a big one. She scaled .lOGlbs, which at the rate of 2s a lb, came to the nice sum of £19 12s. Side-saddle riding on such a track as it was in muse uays was, 01 course, out of tho question, and so she had lo sit crosswise, with her wardrobe strapped on in front and back. Viewed as she came down. the hill into the Point she looked for all the world like three feather beds out for horse exercise. Mrs German Harry's maiden name was Bridget Mulvaney, and she was a native of Ireland. She had left the ould sod and come to Australia for tho express purpose of .marrying a " squatter," as she bad been assured by her brother Patrick (who was in the building trade — " Just carried bricks up a ladther all day for a poof devil to lay on the top") that tho place was just swarming with them ready, to marry any "purtygal tli' dreckly she landed." AVhen she found that for some unknown reason the supply of squatters had. run out (or that they had retreated to their mountain fastnessuess' for purposes qf self-protec tion), she married .lier present husband, who was at. that) .time following the lowly but healthy calling of " cook's mate" on board one of the many tubs then trading to the colonies. , . ..Mrs Mulvaney had a " little money," and this, added to her husband's savings, enabled him at the first rush. to . the Point to start. that. exceedingly lucrative amalgam (in those times) - known as shanty and -pub. - Mrs -German Harry remained in Melbourne with her brother, but now that 'the. amalgam had pros pered her husband thought it would be a trump card to get her up to help look after the business. As there was not a white woman on -the Point up to date; ' her arrival,' lie concluded, would be a big thing in its history, and the reward, he felt sure, would be great. . L The old , pack-;horse-. that, had the honor, of carrying1 Mrs .German Harry ! ' ' ' - i ' - - irifcffi¥T6iffFlMa .saved ..the ghost of a gallop for the avenue, arid ' with one ear pricked forward -arid one backward he led the" packer's1 troop;! at' what. he considered a trot' along . the sidling . to, thejReefers'. 'Restij , .where-, a,, 'couple .of hundred- diggers Vhad.v assembled, 1 as.; R kind of reception /.committee. The aViobroiit-.l-in.fc orfobfcfid.i fchVclaflw onVl norl wuv/wtw and,; re-echoed " up the'right",' arid' left, hand branches of, the; Goulburri)' finally dying away "the Mafci.ock.spurs..; ,; A igin;, case ->vas .brought, and , planted ;by' the. side of ;the old horse, and, a- dozen' strong sinewy , arms', 'i assisted -l! Mrs' German Harryi from the steed that she hadlve stridden' for ! over 'a "'fortnight. egtu'/'wereagh1 . hut 'timy were hear tv;-. ! 'f Glorv lie 'tri'.thrihivens. ma'tri, but. its "a; purty .oneasy, : ride . yez had." " Will you take, a; drop - of any-:- thing, missus ?" « It's the' borild "" wo- mari,, ye are," to' face " them ;i ranges',-; inyway." " My oath, you're a sturiner arid.- rio' rinstake?' ;! 'f'Shake, flippers, 'm ; 'ere's'inore. ppwer to ; your, elbow." "..AYhroo ! by,the sowl .av; me, ! she's a gim." " It's the preod woniaritye Vafe th' dayj . mistress,"— and more to the same purpose. ' ' , i Mrs German" Harry : iv&s;' quite , 'oveiv; whelmed 'with'-' hef reception,; and thanked the " bhoys for,.their ipurty compliments, .and;, decent behavior," which sentiments ,:were cheered : with tigers" added, r'ahdwere-" again : 'ret peated. wheri she took " the laste ' tristc ln'lifrv lh" 9.' tnnrnhlftr" "nf 'f.lini. carlnnHxwa fluid known as JDKZ, handed to. her by " Good Day Dick, ".and, -with "my best .respects to yez all," swallowed it! without so much as winking the "other eye.-.;:-.::-': - . ; "By Gob,"_exclaimed Big Josh, after Mrs Harry had retired, to, fix; herself up a bit, " by Gob,"— and lie brought his fist down on the store counter with sucu iorce as. to maee cue. oar or soap used .as a, cribbage-board jump a foot high—" if she aint- a real fizzer. Drinks round again, boss; iriy shout.- The best in the house. Give it a name, boys, and give us .the scales, old nian," and, pulling out his chamois leather bag, he weighed out an ounce and a half of gold in payment for the," round.' All day long the diggers continued to roll in from their claims to. the Point for the purpose of seeing the. " petti coat" and of hearing a woman's voice again. . From the Frenchman's Greek came " Long Adam," " Little Jimmy," and " Cockney. Tom." They brought with them, 99ozs. of gold, the result of their last " washing up." After laying in stores the rest was ear-marked for a spree at tho ball. " Joe the Victim," " Wrong to Blazes Bob," " Yackandandah Jim," and some two dozen others represented the left-hand brancn or woulburn. -A score of men came down from Matlock (it was called Emerald Hill at that time) who hadn't been on to the Point for months. Great yellow-bearded giants most of them, with burnt arms, blue eyes and bronzed faces. , As they trainpled over the frozen snow along the mountain's side, shouting the rattling chorus of some rousing song, they could be heard for a mile away. There were sluicers from " Gaffney's," " the B.B!," " Rasp berry," " Lyre Bird," "Ssvampy," and even "The; Jordan" and " Jericho" sent a few representatives. They brought with them their empty "tucker liags, ' ana ' i<»rtr1ecl pointing, and each man had - his " sliaminy pretty well stock with good gold that honest plugging had. won from the yellow soil in creek, point and gully. The short winter day has closed down, find fcho Tninf. wn.c olitm lights that made big stars on the clear frosty air and threw long white shafts across the jewelled snow. The pack- horse bells on tlie ranges kept up a monotonous clanging as the animals hunted for stray blades of grass or shook the falling flakes from then- backs. "The short, sharp bark of the wild dpg, driven to within coo-ee of the township by stress of weather, could be heard distinctly by those who knew his yelp, littered however low. Roaring tires built, with huge logs that ouuk owu luuu io roii to uneir places in the immense chimneys, burnt in most huts, and made every crack in tlie shingled roofs and: slab sides a lino of ruddy light. The sound of regular beat of the step .dancer on .the hard wood floor could be plainly heard. In a big bark slian ty just across , the left hand branch singing was going on, and tho- air was so clear and crisp that the words could be heard with great distinctness. It was a song very much in favour with the miners at; that period. Two of its. verses ran thris : — " When tho hioon has. climbed the mountains and tho stars arc shining bright, My horso I will saddle arid aivay, For we'll duff tho squatter's cattle in -the night, , .... Aud the' calves we will hraiul ere the day. "Oh ! its then, my -little calf, at the squatters we will laugh, ; For he'll never be your owner any more, For you're running,' running, running, on the duffer's piece of, ground, Free selected on the Kumerulla shore." ' : Tlie time written of was the la!sc great boom of shallow-sinking in ATic- toria, and Young AVood's Point seemed to have a future- before it As bright as uuu 5 . lyuuu utyuu uLictu ilt-lU. juSu cleared the dark olive mass of trees On Timbertop. The supply of the lrietal bade fair to be'inexhaustable. There was but to strip the earth till the white and yellow clay was reached,' and pick it iri lumps frorri its bed.: It danced on the ripple of every sluice-box and long Tom, and sparkled. 'in; every cradle and tin-dish. There was but to win it, to spend it arid work for irioire. . No thought for the morrow iri those' tiines. " AVho talks about it running out ? ! AVho said.it won't last. for -ever ?- - That some day the hand will be stretched .to seize if'; but in vain ;' that barren. i-Gefs; and barren gutters will meet the minor at every turn, until impoverished and dis heartened he- shoulders liisr blanketsrand turns ;his.;baek; on. the empty.- fcreashie- chest;" Who says this ? Some fool who mutters that he's seen it all before. Au ipfernal croaker, who. wants dipping ip the. creek for having the. cheek ,to trilk liis silly cackle,- to. grown up; men. with a boundless heritage in the great ranges round. about them. Our faults no tenderness should ask, The chastening stripes must cleanse them all ; But for our. blunders— oil !"in shame / Before tlie eyes of lieayexi we fall; , 1 Eurtli- hears 110 balsam for mistakes ; " 1 '> : 1 Men crown- the knave and scourge tho tb'ols That did his will, but Thou, 0 Lord, , Ba merciful- to, us poor.fopls,1 1 >.?:, , ,. : | Visitors to' the ' Old Country. —Air Richard Warren, the Beechworth agent of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi gation Company, notifies intending travol- lers by that line of : boats that plans of - tho boats arid all;-particulars can -boi-liail on; application to liim ; at liis office, vliochn Street, Beechworth, J 