THE PRESIDENT'S ENTERTAIN- MENT. After the general meeting all present adjourned to another room, where they were entertained at an excellent luncheon by the president, Mr E. Armstrong. The chair was occupied .by the president, who said hę gave the entertainment to promote good feeling amongst the members, and invited all presented to enjoy themselves. The toast of "The Queen" was duly honoured. Song, "Queen of. My Heart," Mr G. Hurry. The President next introduced a visitor, M. Łief, whose health was drunk, and who in return favoured the company with French recitation. Recitation, " Moloney's Fenian Cat," HrHngardL The toast of "The Visitors" was proposed by the vice-president, Mr Shortill, who complimented the president on the excellent entertainment he had provided, and extended a cordial welcome on behalf of the members to the visitors, especially those who were not members of the association. Duet, " Larboard Watch," Messrs Wade and Longbottom, Mr M- K. Armstrong replied for the visitors in a neat and humorous speech. He complimented those present on the good feeling displayed, and pointed out how in the association, they could and should qualify themselves tooccupy the places of their fathers. Mr Bartold also replied, and reciprocated the good feelings expressed towards the visitors. Recitation, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," Mr J. E. Andrews,- song, "Nil Desperandum," Mr T. M'Leod. Mr Llaver addressed the meeting, and urged upon the members the necessity of carefully selecting their officers. He also referred to the dispute between the metro- politan committee and the board of directors, and expressed bis approval of the action of the latter Recitation, - The Ghost," MrT. Shortill song, "The'Scout," Mr Semple. Mr J; E. Andrews said he hoped the members of the association would, above all things, aim at thoroughness. . It ha been Baid as a reproach that they were too fond of sport, but there was another way of looking at that, and the very thoroughness which caused young men to throw themselves into sporting matters might cause them to succeed in higher matters. The question of the day was colonial federation, and he hoped they would bend their energies in that direction. Song, "Hippy are We To-night Boys," Mr Mulligan-; recitation, " The Steeplechase," Mr Hugard; song, "I Couldn't, " Mr J. M'Leod. " Success to Mining," was proposed by Mr Smith. Song, "The Switchback Railway," Mr C. Mr E.-T. Gregory replied for the mining industry, as did Mr Mulligan. Song, Mr Wade; recitation, "Barbara FreitieJ"MrE.ArmstroDg. The health'of the chairman was proposed by Mr G. Hurry, and drunk with acclamation, and tira gathering dispersed after ringing " Auid Lang Syne." Ab a S afs. Pbrmanxnt, AND Warranted Curb" for Pimples, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Leps, Skin and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend ClarkB'e World-famed Blood Mixture. "It is certainly the finest blood pnnSar A th&t; science and medical ekffl havelironglit to light," and thousands of toonderful cores effected by it have stamped It as one .of Jthe mast extradinaty disoorories of modem times. Sold by Chemists everywhere, at 2s 3d per bottle. Flobojne !—¥OE TKBTBETH and BBKATH. —A few drops -oT the liquid "Floriline" ' " 'ed on a vet tooth-bnuh produces a it lather, which .^thoroughly dflf"*" tile XMrLall parasitee or imparities, hardens the gume, prev6aito tartar,etops deoay, gives to the teeth a .peculiar peariy whitonass, and a delightfulfrałjranceto the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour ammo from decayed teeth' or obaoco smoke. The Fragrant Floriline," being ooroposed in ^pwto of Honey and sweet Jurt*, u delicious to the taste, and the (createet toilet d&covety; of the age- Priee 2s 6d,of all Chemists and Perfumers. WhcHnale depot, SFVimnxdonKopd London, England. . CsoWW LANDS OP NKWSOCTH WALBB.—A H 