The proposal made by the Hon. J. B. Patterson that the seven Governors of Australasia should simultaneously in- vite the Duke and Duchess of York to visit Australasia is one of those func- tions which can easily be made either sublime or ridiculous. So far he has commenced well by communicating simultaneously with all the Premiers and arranging that the invitation shall go forward from them to the Governors and be sent by them simultaneously to Prince George of Wales. Dramatic and constitutional proprieties are both admirably preserved by this first step. Even if the invitation is not accepted (and there are many reasons why it should not be) this tribute to the senti- ment of Empire is gratifying to anyone or any class with a soul above blowing his own penny trumpet alone because it is his-own- a-kind-of-feeling-much pandered to in these colonies by people and journalists who ought to know better. This "penny trumpet" simile was used very expressively by a writer in the Argus who dealt with the present civil war in Brazil. It is to that feeling of disintegration that the war is due, and the very same feeling will produce the same results in these colonies if federation under the Crown is not accomplished. From a practical point of view nothing can be sounder or more beneficial than the sentimental aspects of this proposed royal visit. In large national affairs sentiment is the magnetic thrill which works marvels. It paid the enormous war indemnity exacted by Germany from France. It will, if properly elicited from the com- ponent parts of the British Empire, place that Empire in its proper position in the van of Civilisation, strictly as an Empire, too, and not in the mere atmospheric diffusibility of " English speaking" grouping of white races, which is all that Mr W. T. Stead aspires to effect. That is all very well from a purely literary point of view, but the science of government requires more than a philological backbone. It needs just exactly the Imperial-mon- archical-democratic constitution now at about the acme of its development in the United Kingdom under the first Empress of India and Queen of Great Britain and Ireland. People who have the honour to call themselves British subjects really do not know the enormous granduer of the title in its highest attributes and potentialities. Conventionality of the most ignoble type blinds the mental outlook of most people to the higher interests of their epoch. Mr Patterson has struck a higher chord. With what success remains to be seen ; but at least it can not be said that " the attempt and not the deed confounds us," for the "attempt" has been most admirably made, as we have said, and is in itself a triumph. If the visit is made it should be with all befitting majestic surroundings in the shape of a first class escort from the British navy. COMMENTING upon Christmas the Argus remarks that: A non-Christian critic might urge with great plausibility that the facts of the world to-day, so far from fulfilling the sublime prophecy of the first Christmas, are a satire upon it. The "idle spear and shield" are certainly not "high up hung" to-day. They are only transformed into repeating rifles and Maxim guns. And so far from the kings of the earth "sitting still with awful eye" in the presence of "the dreaded infant" of Bethlehem they are busy preparing for the most dreadful war that ever shook the planet. The most striking and characteristic products of the nineteenth Christian century are dynamite and torpedoes, war-ships that resemble nothing so much as floating Gibraltars, and guns that can fling shells big enough to destroy a small town over Mont Blanc itself! Germany and France have practically drilled their last man and purchased their last cartridge. Italy is semi-bankrupt with the cost of its military system. England must build a yet vaster fleet, and France invent yet more deadly torpedoes. Even America, parted by the Atlantic from European politics, must join in the mad competition for the biggest guns and the most deadly explosives. "Peace on earth" certainly does not accurately describe the international con- ditions of to-day; nor is the great prophecy fulfilled in the domestic politics of states. Dynamite has suddenly emerged as a force in politics. Every Parliament sits with an uneasy sense that the ghost of Guy Fawkes is wandering through its galleries or its cellars, and that at any moment its debates may be punctuated with bombs. Human society under all skies is corroded with class-hates and race hates; with disguised civil war between the "haves" and the "have nots;" between the man who buys labour and the man who sells it. And yet the Argus goes on to apolo- gise for Christianity as a theological force in the following terms: It would undoubtedly be easy to paint the physiognomy of the Christian world at the end of the nineteenth century in tints of mere "earthquake and eclipse;" and yet the picture, as thus drawn, would assuredly be a crude and clumsy carica- ture. A great river, after all, is not to be judged by its eddies, that turn back, fretted by straws, along its margin, but by its central and fill-volumed stream. Christianity triumphs not so much by revolutionising social forms as by subtly changing the world's thought and mould- ing its ideals to new shapes. And all the ideals of the modern world are emphatic- ally Christian. Even the anarchist with his gospel of dynamite, who wants to blow up the world, desires to do so that he may re-make it on what are, though he knows it not, Christian lines. If so, then Christianity should be- come more and more a social force and less a theological one. The Argus ("though it knows it not ") is of that opinion too, for it says: The world is hungry for a larger free- dom and happier conditions of life. It is impatient of the existence of suffering. It grows nobly wrath against injustice. And, in essence, these are the social ideals of Christianity, expressed in blundering fashion, no doubt, and sought by blunder- ing methods. What are the "blundering methods?" Are they Romanism or Protestantism or Churchianity generally? The Argus bespeaks patience, of the " whatever is is right" variety, as follows: But Christianity has conquered the social ideals of the world, and is visibly writing on them its own superscription. And these new ideals will slowly but inevitably re- shape to their own likeness all the external forms of society. Men, it may be added, are unwisely impatient for results. It takes ages of geologic time to change the molten lava flung out by a volcano into solid basalt. It takes yet new ages to disintegrate the basalt into the brown volcano soil on which flowers may blossom, and harvests wave. And what vast spaces of time are necessary to re-make human nature and regenerate human society! A century in that great process is but as a single swing of the pendulum in the great clock of time. But if we desire to know how vast is the pro- gress of Christian civilisation in even one poor century, we have but to step back- ward in imagination from the Christmas of 1893 to that of 1793. Europe a century ago was a circle of oppressed states, with France a sort of political Vesuvius, just breaking into eruption. The world has travelled far and on happy lines since then. An astronomer, from a tiny curve, can deduce the entire ellipse of a planet's movement; and we may be permitted to hope that, when the Christmas of 1993 arrives, the world's air will vibrate yet more richly than to-day with the spiritual music of Christmas. Why should it be said that men are "unwisely impatient for results" when it cannot be said that they have evolved more than " blundering methods" of attaining those results ? That is the question to which the Argus writer should address himself. The races at Myrniong, and a picnic in Maddingley Park, are the holiday events for New Year's day. The use of water for garden irrigation purposes is to be restricted to between 5 and 7 p.m. Some better arrangement than this should be possible by taking a little trouble to group tenements together to use the water on fixed days for certain hours. The weather on Thursday was decidedly wintry, cold rain falling at intervals, the total to 9 a.m. on Friday being 64 points. The month has been unusually dry, with several destructive hot days. There was no rain until the 14th, when 12 points fell; on the 15th, 6; 17th; 7 ; 25th, 15; 27th, 25 ; 28th, 64. Bacchus Marsh Cricket Club will play a team from Newport to-day (Saturday) in Maddingley Park. The local players are requested to be on the ground at 12.30 sharp. The entertainment in the Mechanics' Institute on Boxing night in aid of the funds of Maddingley Park was one of the best over given in the hall, and the large audience was evidently well pleased- in fact enthusiastic at times. The three dramatic pieces given were admirably acted throughout, and only suffered some- what from being all of the same type of matrimonial disputation and reconcilia- tion. In the first piece, " A Quiet Family," Miss Kate Millard and Miss Nan Gallaher were equally successful as the wives of the two brothers, one of whom was a bully and the other was bullied. Mr G. H. Smith very cleverly presenting the genteel comedy feature of the latter part, while Mr Walter Vincent was sufficiently tyrannical in the contrasting character. Mr W. H. Smith consistently sustained the comic character of Grumpy, a butler, whose disputes with the parlour maid, Snarly, spiritedly represented by Miss Eva Holmes, ended, as usual on the stage, in a reconciliation and probable marriage at the close of the piece. Miss Atkinson and Mr Everest, as the young lovers, gave a most excellent interpretation of their parts. All the characters were well dressed, and spoke and acted with the ease, spirit, and accuracy of well-trained professionals. A musical interlude followed the first piece, Mr T. Baillie singing "The man who broke the bank at Monte Carlo," with comic dance and manner, but too weak a voice. He was encored, and repeated a portion of the song. Mr E. Nixon gave "The Little Nipper," coster song, with excess. Mr E Mo- loney, who has a powerful baritone voice of fine quality, and a good manner of using it, sang admirably " After the ball." and for an encore, "I did laugh." The two-character piece, " A Husband in Clover." was exceedingly well carried out throughout by Miss Eva Holmes and Mr L. R. Treubridge. A short interval for distributing the prizes was followed by more songs, Mr Baillie appearing in a handsome but conspicuous plaid suit and Scotch bonnet to sing a Scotch comic song, " Jag it wi' a pin," which he gave with accurate accent and manner. Mr E. Moloney sang "The Hooligans," but was more successful with the encore song, "The Shopwalker." Mr Nixon, as a Japanese, in a travesty and the national costume, sang a song probably of his own composition, which was encored; and he responded with an Irish comic song, "I don't care a button for O'Hara." The hour was growing late when the curtain rose upon "A Cup of Tea," but the piece was so well acted by Miss Kate Millard (who has a very handsome stage presence, and was beautifully dressed), and by Mr G. H. Smith, that the interest of the audience was well sustained throughout. The part of the husband of the lady was well played by Mr Charles Wheeler, while the " Jeames " of Mr W. H. Smith was worthy of any stage. In fact, the whole of the performers showed excellent knowledge of stage business and deport- ment, while all the situations and "points" were well worked up, notwithstanding the wretchedly limited space on the stage. Altogether great thanks are due to all the performers for the excellence of their acting and the completeness of their stage management, dressing, and appointments generally. Also to Mr R Morton for arranging for their visit. Mr C. Taylor was a most brilliant pianist. The Christmas Eve carols, and the musical service generally at Holy Trinity Church Bacchus Marsh, reflected great credit upon Mr J. H. Latrobe-Bateman and his choir, and it was a pity that a musical treat of a most interesting character was not listened to by a larger congregation. On Christmas morning the music eras also of the highest class and was most creditably rendered by Mr Latrobe-Bateman as organist and by the choir. The sermon, by the Rev. W. H. Shields, M.A., dealt briefly and practically with the celebration of the birth of Christ, the date selected resting, as did that of observing the first day of the week as the Sabbath, upon the authority of the Church, the spirit of the fourth commandment being observed, but not the letter. The importance of the family was specially emphasized by the manner of the birth of Christ, and the whole of Christianity studiously preserved the family life. Many philosophies had been attempted upon another basis, but all had failed, and there was no better preservative of the highest temporal and spiritual interests of hu- manity than the family tie, which was one reason why family re-unions had grown round the ancient celebration of Christmas. Bacchus Marsh cricketers played Preston on Christmas Day, the latter winning on the first innings by a few runs, the figures being 49 against 43 made by the Marsh. The principal scorers for Preston were Allen 10, Nichol 9, Richardson 6. The two Barradells took most of the wickets. For Bacchus Marsh Burnip made the fine score of 23. Buckley and Patterson were the most successful bowlers for Preston. A second innings was played by Preston for 83 runs, the Barradells again keeping the scores small. Mr Peter Murray, boot- maker and Electoral Registrar, Bacchus Marsh, had the misfortune to break his right leg above the ankle on Tuesday night while crossing the road to the Mechanics' Institute. He must have fallen with great violence, and being a heavy man the bone was badly fractured, the injury being made worse by the well meant efforts of some bystanders to get him to stand up, they not knowing that his leg was broken. Dr. Vance and Dr. Strahan were soon in attendance, and had to saw off the projecting portion of bone. They decided that the case was one for the Melbourne Hospital, and ac- cordingly Dr Vance accompanied him to that place by the mid-day train on Wed- nesday, Messrs P. Murphy, T. Heath, and H. Paterson likewise kindly making the journey with the patient. Another shocking boating disaster is reported from Kiama, N.S.W. The scene of the casualty was the Minamurra river, which on holidays is a great resort for the local residents. According to the particulars to hand, it seems that Captain Honey, of the Kiama Volunteers, his wife, Mrs Honey, formerly Miss Pike; his wife's sister, Mrs George Wood, Jun., her husband, Mr Wood, their three children, (Elsie, aged 12, Henry, aged 11, and Eliza, aged 10), and Miss Pike embarked in a hired boat, on Boxing Day, and getting too near the mouth of the river were carried out seaward, where the small craft was capsized in the surf. Captain Honey, his wife, Mr Wood, his three children, and Miss Pike were drowned, but Mrs Wood clung to the boat and was rescued. Ballan items:-The sad loss by drown- ing at Buninyong of the 9-year-old son of the Rev. W. H. Geer, formerly incumbent of St. John's Anglican church here, was deeply felt by many of his old parishioners. The remains were brought down by the (6o'clock train on Saturday evening for interment at the New Cemetery, where they were laid beside Mr Geer's eldest daughter, who was buried there. It is reported that next Sunday will be the Rev. G. B. Murphy's farewell service in St. Paul's church, as he is shortly to enter upon ministrations at Clifton Hill. In the departure of this gentleman the Band of Hope will lose a zealous worker.--In addition to the arching fronds, the pen- dent flower pots, the well-filled rockery, improving garden bed, &c.;, at our railway station, every spare moment has been devoted by the energetic stationmaster Mr Fitzpatrick, and his co-workers porters Kemp and Doige, in decorating the plat- form with festoons of greenery, each veran- dah pillar being tastefully encircled with evergreens and flowers, and every avail- able spot dotted with wreaths, the whole when lighted at night with Chinese lan- terns and other illuminants, making the station quite a fairy spot.-A cricket match was played here on Xmas day between Ballan and Ascot Vale. The game was a very onesided affair, and proves that when men who are in the habit of playing on matting got into the country away from it they are all astray. The visitors went in first, the highest scorer being Stewart, with 6; the innings closing with a total of 24. Ballan then compiled 116 runs, Evans playing a good game for 46 ; Walker being the only other double figure man with 19. The visitors again elected to bat, and at 6 o'clock, when stumps were drawn, had obtained 65 runs for the loss of eight wickets ; the only double figure scorer being Dunn, with 26. Some very good catches were made on both sides, notably one by Jim Kennedy.-The annual Blakeville cricket match was also played on Christmas day between Married and Single. On this occasion the latter were the winners by three runs, the married scoring 91 runs against the single's 94.-The local sports, followed by concert and ball, were carried out on Boxing day, but I am unable to give any account of their result, as although they were recognised in the columns of this journal as forthcoming events, the usual courtesy was not ex- tended to press representatives.-An un- pleasant sensation was experienced by one of our residents the other day. The door key is generally hidden under a stone beneath the verandah, so that the one returning first can gain access to the dwel- ling. On the return of one of them he felt under the usual spot with the view of displacing the stone, when a brown snake nearly 3ft long glided over his hand with- out inflicting injury. The unwelcome visitor was patiently waited for and over two hours elapsed before the aggrieved one had an opportunity of dispatching it. The annual Boxing day races at Kor- weinguboora were well attended, the day being all that could be desired (bar flies) for outdoor excursionists. The pleasant drive along a beautiful road, with snatches of majestic scenery, held out inducements to seek pleasure further afield. The several events terminated as follows: Maiden plate won by Griffith's Fawn; hurdle race, Kemp; pony race, Farrow's Sailor; handicap, Densley's Black Pepper; hack race, Melville's Molly. The half-yearly meeting of the Bacchus Marsh branch of the A.N.A. was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Friday, 22nd inst. There was a good attendance of members. It was decided that an excur- sion to Ballarat should be organised for Wednesday, 31st January, on the same conditions as former ones organised by the branch. The election of office-bearers for the ensuing half-year resulted as fol- lows :-President, Mr E. Hehir; ex- President, Mr J. B. Doherty; Vice-Presi- dent, Mr R. J. M'Farlane; Secretary, Mr J. E. Sloss; Assistant Secretary, Mr G. F. Coates ; Treasurer, Mr H. G. Pater- son; Auditors, Messrs E. L. Simpson and W. H. M'Farlane; Committee, Messrs W. G. Morton, N. Love, E. P. Simpson, E. L. Simpson, and W. H. M'Farlane. Mr Hehir and Mr Dubout were elected to represent the branch at the A.N.A. conference to be held at Warrnambool in March. The Gazette of 22nd inst. contains a notice that the temporary reservation of 50 acres at Parwan as a water reserve is about to be revoked. We presume this refers to Paddy's flat. A timber reserve in the parish of Bullengarook is also to have 490 acres deducted from it. 