A LADY'S LETTER. Dear Amelia—I think it is Dante who tells j us of a place where "shade there is none." Verily I have thought that place my abode for the last few days. I have been obliged to go out and the heat of the sun has been terrible. Just at present imagine your friend dressed in a tea gown trying to keep cool yet surrounded by small brothers and sisters whom the heat has made cros3 and exact ing, then you have my exact likeness. X have done little this week except read and bathe, and four evenings I have gone down to Glenelg for a bath. I felt sure it was impossible to sleep unless I had one. But must own the advantage is questionable. I he journey back by train and the return to a hot stufiy house quite nullify the advantage gained. Knowing you would expect me te tell you something of the week's entertainment I gave ousan some tickets that had been sent to me for 'Mionne," and asked her to come next morning and tell me all about the performance. X was far too exhausted with the heat to go myself, and had other reasons for staying at home. Susan says the Bijou was suffocatingly J hot, but that the acting was good. The J play is founded'on events said to have occurred in the Franco- Prussian war. In the fir3t portion Miss Greenwood enacted the part of the bride personifying Mionne, whose marriage with Armand Rial is the opening scene. Mionne is the daughter of a French marquis (Mr. Harrison), and has fled to Normandy in order to escape from her lather, who objects to her marriage with Armand, and wishes her to espouse a husband of his own selection. De Blond (Mionne's father) has been deprived of his titles by the French Government, and in revenge sells himself to the Germans and acts as a spy in order to betray France. Hunted down by the French army he, too, flees to Normandy, and arrives at the same villageas his daughter. He implores his Mionne not to betray him, and she con ceals ■ his identity even from her husband. Armand, not knowing that the stranger whose society his wife frequents is her father, becomes , frantically jealous, leaves his wife, and rushes to the war. He is taken prisoner by the Ger mans and carried off to Berlin, where he meets Mionne and her father. He is in the hands of Colonel Balf, who has intruded his atten tions on Mionne, and revenges her indifference by insulting her husband. Maddened by his conduct Armand strikes him and is condemned to death. As he goes forth to die he is informed of Mionne's faithfulness and that the man she has been shielding was her father. As the moment of his death approaches Mionne falls on Armand's breast and awaits the bullet than shall kill them both. The guns are tired, yet they both live, the colonel having ordered the bullets to be withdrawn. Susan says the play was very amusing, and she thought the acting was good. She is not a very critical person, so I merely give you her opinion for what it is worth. However, it coincides with that generally ex pressed. The theatre was nearly empty, but one can't wonder at that. The wonder was that anyone went on such a night as Wednes day. Did I tell you that we had lost that wonder ful Cyclorama of Jerusalem? It has been taken to Melbourne, and one of Waterloo brought here in its place. This will soon be open to the public, and will, I think, be nearly as popular as the last—nearly, but not quite, as the subject is not of such general in terest. Now, I suppose you expect me to tell you what I have been reading. There is in the Forinighht a most interesting paper on ghosts, by Mr. Haweis, the well- known clergyman. After reading it you realise what an immense difference in science the last two years have made. Mr. Stead in his articles led the way, and now we are deluged by ghost stories, and by people who assert that the ghosts are quite natural phenomena. Clairvoyants too, used to be voted as imposters, but now the power of clairvoyance i3 claimed even for rats. Tit has often been stated that rats leave a sinking ship, but in a book I have been reading this afternoon it is stated to be a fact chat they do not wait until the boat is sinking. They appear to be apprised of the danger several hours before any accident occurs to the vessel. I asked a sailor I happened to meet this evening if this were true, and he told me that one evening quite lately whan he was coming up the stream he noticed a horde of rats coming off one of the barges they had in tow. He instantly told some of the crew that they would have bad luck. This was late in the eveuiog. Next morning just before daylight the barge from which the rats had run struck a rock and sank. Once, too, when they had a fire at sea the rats all left the ship two hours before the fire broke out. These, my sailor friend assured me, were only satuoles of many similar facts he had himself witnessed. I think this so strange that it should be placed on record, and so I sand it to you. The only rpally new book I have read i3 a novel Janet has sent from England, "A Modern Romance," by Laurence Bliss. This is. I believe, the author's first publication. I They tell me it ha3 madB a hit. I don't alto- i gefcher like the tone of the book, though it; undoubtedly is clever. The author has a quarrel with the nineteenth century over the fact that it affords poor measure of sympathy or justice to love and to the longing for the ideal. There is a good deal of doubtful philosophy in the work. The story is somewhat over laden wir,h the author's moralising, still on the whole it is a clever book, and I will try and give you an idea of the plot. A young city clerk has the ambition to write novels, books that will stir the emotions, and mourns with a literary friend the fact that the routine of business life crushes originality and artistic fepling; for this he blames the century. He falls in love with Svbil Langton, the heroine of the story. Sybil has a mother of the heartless "sooiety" type, and an invalid father. Hardy.- the hero of the book, loves Sybil, but is not allowed to marry her, At _ last they determine to dare all and decide on a secret marriage. The chapter in which this determination is arrived at is to my mind the most powerful in the whole book. The wedding takes place, and at the church door Hardy leaves Sybil. " He held her off j fmm him a little to look at her eyes and to print her face upon his mind for the years of separation he knew ware to come. A tear stained face and eyes blended by grief. He saw enough there to satisfy his love, and more than enough to sadden him." He longed to keep her, but the iron hand of the nineteenth century weighed him down. The centralisation of the century render it impossible for him to provide a home for Sybil, so be returns to his work and lets her go. After two years his health breaks down, and wishing no longer to bind . her fate j to his he has her informed of his death, and retires to an out of the way village, where he devotes himself to literary work, bub the morbidness and un-reason produced by the circumstances of his life prevent that greatness he would otherwise have achieved. The book teems with reflections on the social questions of the day, the relations of capital and labor, the problems of emigration and immigration, and all those other diffioult questions which Tom says are easy to raise and impossible to i answer. It is sure to make the readers think, and though I don't especially care for. "A Modern Romance" I quite understand why it, has "caught on"in England and why Laurence Bliss is looked upon as one of the coming novelists. j Local news there is" none. Lady Kintore I goes home on the 6th of April, and the Governor leaves us in November. I hear that he intends spending a few months in India on his way home, so he will not reach Scotland until 1894. On her return from New Zealand Lady Kintore intends giving an immense I garden party at Government House, so every one I will have a chance of saying farewell. We will j all say it with sad hearts, for she has been very good to us, and has given us more dances ! than any other Governor's wife has ever done. If you only. knew the heat of our house you would deem me quite heroio for writing such a long letter. Out of doors one can breathe, bub ! in here it is like an oven. If I lived at the sea side I would spend half my time in the water. People who live at Unlev or Goodwood have a great advantage in their proximity to Glenelg, and I hear that theae neighborhoods are grow ing much more fashionable from this very oause, and will quite eclipse Norwood, Ken sington, and East Adelaide. You reproach me with nob telling you what people are wearing just now, but while the great heat lasts no one wears anything but washing-gowns. I saw a remarkably pretty one made hy Miss Lynch about a week ago. Miss Lynch has moved from Kent Town and opened rooms in the Arcade, so she is now quite easy to get at, and as Bhe fits so beauti fully she is sure to get plenty of customers. This is Thursday, and I am writing to you to night because it is quite too hot to settle to needlework. If to-morrow is cooler I will go : to the show and will add a line to tell you about the flowers, as I know you always like to hear of floral decorations. I have many things to say to you, but I cannot write them now. It really ib too hot to do more than say "good bye," and to add, as always, Yours sincerely, Ethel. P.S.—I went to the show this afternoon but was greatly disappointed in the flowers. New man's bridal suite was the arrangement most admired. The bridal bouquet was composed of lovely orchids. Of^ the bridesmaid's six bouquets, two had pink, two blue, and two yellow flowers. On my way home I went into Rundle- street and saw a very pretty design in Sewell's window, three stops leading up to a golden gate over which was a triumphal arch. The first step was of mauve astors, the second of yellow heartsease, and the third of mauve pansies. The arch was made of Tasmanian lilies and ferns. I saw nothing of Sewell at .the show, and wonder they did not exhibit this very pretty design. Though much coolpr out of doors than it was yesterday, I think the house is even more unbearable aud I am feel ing quite exhausted. 