3 Sel f Column. . Trgjgner ; as a;' 3oy. — Wilhelin Richard Wagner was born at Lei py.ig, March 22. 1813. When he was nine,- he went-to school, -wbere- he was the despair of the teacher who in- structed him in: music he paid no attention- to his practising, but seized evc-ry opporth nity of repeating the melodies that he -had heard, especially those of i4:Der Freischutz," which had already kindled "his" powerful inv agination. Ancient history, mythology,. Greek and Latin were his; favorite studies,/ but his'heart was really in none of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings;— he was a poet ! Id his eleventh1 year lie won.a; prize for the best poem on a-dead schoolmate; and. .soon after . he translated the! first twelve""bbbks of tbje Odyssey. He taught himself English, aud " immediately became sb absorbed in Shake speare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during- 'this period be contrived to kill off forty two people in his drama; He was forced to re- ' lent, however, and to ' recall them as ghosts in'the la3t act in order- to -have-: performers enoiigh to play the parts; Meantime he had left Dresden where he had been livings and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical' composi tion, that he was put back a class ; this so .; discouraged him that he gave himself ' en tirely to his tragedy. "When he had nearly1 finished it he: first heard Beethoven's >rnusic. This had so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on 'thorough bass to ; prepare himself for the task. . So fascinated did he. become with '. .the study, that: he de- : . temined to be a poet . no longer, but that . music should have the. 'devotion .of. his life. 1 When. his family learned of the tragedy, they . ' were much trdubled, for they felt it was -the . cause of. his .backwardness at school ; but ' when, they found him to be writing, music, they were in despair, for they1 believed: it tb bb nothing more thaii a fancy, and ; that i!t might do the boy great harm./ He was iibt .to be discouraged) however, and compbsed in secret.' But at laltho' was placed uh'der the ' instruction, of Theodore Weinlig. a ' inan steeped in the spirit of 41 Father Biich,"' who put him' through; a six months' study ;of - counterpoint. Now he learned and' lOVed Mozart, " ' 1 The Boat-Dwellers of Japan:— Young people, who live ,in , !.Australia . ,-inay. ; fancy that our cities ,a!re .crowded, . and .that many families must' live without /v.cry much, air to breathe or space for the bo-s to play ! in. What would they say to the boat-dwel- lers of Japan ? In that crowdg: I. country hundreds of families spend their lives; and : bring up their children upon the water, ahd know nothing of the land, except as they make an becasionar visit t,6 it when obliged : to purchase supplies or attend to some un- usual business. ' ' ; In every bay along the coast are found hundreds;' if > not < thousands, of small craft 'called "j'nnks;" These are Small, flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited :by' ia'man and his family,' just its houses arelin other pai'ts of tha world; Their ' business ib 'the transportation of goods and merchandise "of all kinds, and their navigation -is a: sort : of 'family affair. One traveller says' : ; 44 1 have' seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under . seven years of age. I am told that,-iibtwith- : standing their aptness at swimming,-: :many boatmen get drowned, for no boat efceY goes . to another's aid nor will any boatman save any; other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely: punished in- some way.!1- \ ; Among these wonderful aquatic families, children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward " .in learning, he \\\ull be thrbivn'overbbfird. and -teased arid torrrienteri until he is bridged "to leiim the a't'in seif defence. ! 1 _ ; j Ah 1 it is in reading and learningaboiit'the peopleof other lands tliat we find how much we have to love and be thankfnl for in the broad free life of jour own. But eveh here rthere are- children' who would be ibetter for such frequent baths, and perhaps; ypu - would- "nave great difficulty in persuading, the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country- All Adventure With a Huge Buffalo- — I bad singled out as my meat an old "bull, with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, : and to carry it. East with me as a trophy. To : single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as mine.- The remainder of the herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went.ray wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill irito his side whenever he swerved en » ugh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed tb enter his cranium that he" was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked s.idewise, ready to toss my mustang,, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap ont of -his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snapping the bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I wa3 some what shaken up, but my eyes were wide, open, and the approaching danger seemed dike a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I coulcl not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of the end man in a minstrel show. His! bot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils ; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away. arid then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while 1 arose and planted' a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. All Old "War-Horse.— The Bev. J. G. Wood, tbe well-known English writer on natural history, relates the. following true story in His recent book on the horse : " Sofiae years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his : property, including an old and staid horse. ' It so happened that- there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who was stone-deaf, drove over to; see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so; the trumpeter blew on bi9 instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the. tbumpet call. Old as he' was, ha sprang off at full speed; galloped into the ranks, "and put himself in.' line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was then giveii.. and off went the horse with his comrdffes. :The old lady shrinked, and drugged at the' reins to no purpose;: Where the' regi- merit- werit the home went;;: ;#hen it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the marioeuvres. " After the review was over the bfficew ' crowded round the old horse, who evidently !had belonged to the .cavalry) and offered a very" high price for him, in order to make a reginierital pet of him. The off era, however, were refused;" . TheVwwlfi.i060 ooldjlov. ;(I really oaii't stay),.- . Uriless brie has gold, love (I m'tist get away). :! j; My heart is all thine, dear (Oh.l ; won't there be -strife) I And'-ybbrs sbali be mine, dear (Oh) Lord ; Here's my wife I) "A font is a baptismal basin in church, isn't it, father?" asked. young Sharpshins. : 44 Yes," returned the old gentleman) ahortly. " 44 Then why is a set of printers' type.galled a font 7" enquired yoc-ag S. i " Beognse so many author! gain a niai thsoagh'ii." i 