Circumstantial Evidence ; ;.. THE MISSING PHOTOGRAPH. ' CHAPTER I. ??It is too jolly hot. to play tennis,' .grumbled a boy, as his pretty sisters, racket in hand, tried to persuade him to .make up a set. «' Do come, Tom ; we ?will let you win three times to our onco.' ?' Bah ! who could not heat girls,' retorted Tom, who nevertheless got up at onoe and sought his racket. It was a sultry day in the far, far north of Now South Wales, and the tennis court was a welcome innovation on. Craigon dowie Station, where the girls were some times rather dull. The balls flew over the not merrily ; and, as Tom failed to return a single service, the girls soon cried exult ingly, 'Game and Bet. Oh! tou lazy boy.' ' Love to me, love all 'a my sentiments,' recklessly said Tom, as he lay with his racket over his face to keep off the flies. ' And ..very pleasant ones they are to greet a stranger,' said a voice, and they turned, to seo u. strangwr alighting close lo tho court — a pleasant-looking, decidedly thandsome fellow. They had not heard his 'horse's footsteps, because the rider had . chosen the turf-clad pathway in preference to the road. He advanced hat in hand under the trees and said, ' I am Eric Clive, and have brought an introduction to Mr. Anderson from Jim Barton, iny late manager.' ' Oh, we are very glad to see you, Mr. .Clive. Father is out, - but will soon he home. , Won't you send your horco to the stable,' courtoously said Edith, who was a very fair eight to tho tired traveller. ' Thanks. I will ho glad to change my things and freshon up a bit.' 11 Let mo carry your valise,' said Tom, as he whistled for Reuben to take Mr, Clive's horse. lea was laid in the arbor, where the peaches and apricots hung temptingly within reach, and the creepers, with their ' . scarlet and white bolls, shaded the party, while scenting, the place with fragrance. Erie Clive thought he had fallen on to a bed of thornless roses- after his recent backblook experiences, and thoroughly enjoyed the company of two bright, pretty girls' and their entertaining, teasing bro ther. . Mr. Anderson, camo home about 8 o'clock and very kindly welcomed Mr. Ciive, Baying— _[.' ' I am very glad to Bee you. Jim Barton Bays you will just suit me, and if you dance, sing, and play tennis you are doubly welcome for the girls' sake.' ' Yes, we are glad too,' said Edith and Jessie with oharining simplicity. Erie dive soon dropped into their ways and was generally liked. It was about three weeks after this that tho mail was very late, and when it came there was no letter for Eric, so ho was obliged to con tent himself watching the others open theirs. Edith was half way through a let ter when she blushed up to her eyes and got so confused that she emptiod the milk jug into the teapot. Eric felt ho ought to help her so he said, rising — . ' Shall I fetch you more milk, Miss Edith,' but in doing so ho stooped to piok up the letter which had fallen, and she grew even more uncomfortable till he went out for the milk. '.Ah,' he thought,' I wish Win— I wish some girl felt like that about my letters. It might have been, once.' He would have beon very much surprised had he known all the eonfusion was over this paragraph in Mary Barton's lettor — ' A strang* thing happened the other day. I was turning over some loose pictures in the album, and Mr. Olive pickod up yours, saying «What a Bweet face,1 bo I told him ho would probably meet you, and' he was very — well, I will not tell tales out of school. Anyway, when I came home from a short walk I went to put your photograph in a frame, and it was gone completely. He must have put it in the hook he -was reading, or perhaps it was love at first sight, and he took it. Anyway, I want that photograph, so you aik him for it, Edie, or ask him where he put it.' Edith, of course, felt annoyed at' Mrs. Barton's insinuations, and she could not ask him for the photo. It was absurd to think he had it, and if he had taken it, it would be more painful still. The dayn lengthened into weeks, and the ?hearing was over, so there was time to think of a little recreation, and it was proposed to have a danoe, 11 1 will ride round and hunt the people up,' said Tom, '- if you will l«t mo take , Winnie Turner in to supper.' «« Tom, you are nn idiot,' interjected ? Harold, the eldest brother, ' juet os if she would Haye you f oxjn escort.' 'Jingo, you aro anothor ; of course she would prefer you,' retorted Tom ; ' any way, I won't come and stay with you whon you ara married,' 'So xnuoh the bettor for mo.' 'Hush, boys, do bo aonsiblo and help mo' to think,' said Edith, and her swoot face and gentle way soon soothed the angry iboya. 11 'Well,' said Edith, ' oven I begin to wish something would happen. It is rather slow in the summer. I want fresh people to talk to. You aro all vory jolly, but after all we always talk tho oamo old talk, Heigho, I am tixed of. tho bush.' ' Why,' said Tom, ' if your fairy god mother ' did not hear you say that I Look, here is Bomo one riding over to see us.' _ Just then two figures appeared on horse back amid olouds of red dust, and the girls put on their sun hato to meet them. ' Why, Winnie, wo were just wanting to talk over tho idea of a dance with you. We aro so glad to see you.' ' So ia Harold,' laughed Tom, as he vaulted the nearest fence. ' Where did you meet Mr. Clive, and how did he know you wore coming hero P' ' Oh that is along story, is it not, Eric P' said the brown-eyed, black-haired, winsome girl, turning with a bright, sweet smile to ?Erio Olivo, who looked very happy and con tented with all the wistful look gone out of his eyes. Edith felt tho color leave her face, and a pang go to her heart, as she heard Winnie call him 'Erio,' and saw the smile of per fect understanding. ' Why, how funny,' the party chorused, ' you know each other; why it is just the funniest thing. Where, when, and how did it happen P' 'You shall know after tea,' Winnie re plied, laughing. CHAPTER II. The mosquitoes and sandflies made the verandah unbearable, until Tom fixed up nets to keep them away, and the family party lounged in easy chairs round Erio and Winnie, who wero the oentre of attrac tion. Harold was not there, as he said that ' the new calves needed all his attention just then.' ' It is two years since I first met Erio. It was when I was in London, and he was a sailor. We met often, and at laBt ho stayed at my uncle's country house. The laat week of his leave came — —and you go on Eric,' said tho blushing- girl. 'Well, we were very much in love, hut I would not ask Winnio to marry a fellow as poor as I was, fo I went to Boa without saying a word. But it was a case of ' true love,' for tho way did not run smooth; hut you see, when I met Winnio cantering along hero, I was so taken aback that I nearly let her pass mo by. Well, girls, congratulate me, the long deferred question has been asked and answered, and I am so happy.' . There was much hugging, many good wishes, and much surprise at this romance in thoir usually quiet lives. ' Two hearts ached with disappointment that night at Craigendowie, for Harold and Edith Anderson had both in nocently enshrined an idol that had to be cast down and trampled on. Edith grew pale and rastless and her father wanted to ' send her away, but she would not. leave the place where she , could see Eric day by day. Harold was wise enough to wrench the foundation! of his idol away when it fell not to he built again, and went to an out station as overseer. One Sunday morning Eric and Winnie had just ridden over and sat down under the cool green leaves of the bananas to rest. Tom had crone for a volume of Tennyson belonging to Eric. ' I wonder if you have cared for any other girl since you last saw me P' ' No,' decidedly said Eric, ' you are the only one whose photo and letters I have kept for a singlo day. Is that what you want me to say, Winifred.' ' You dear hoy,' was all she replied, and Tom's return stopped further remarks, ' Was 1 long enough P' ho inquired, ' I muddled round your room looking at pictures and things, thinking you would like to be alone a bit I' ' Thank you, Tom ; you were not a hit too long.' And off ho wont with a wafted caress to Winnio. 'Let us read the farewell batween Arthur and Guinevere, Erio ; how could she deceive so great a man P Why did she protend to love him ? It was an insult.' ' Yob, Win ; there is no greater insult than that. Do you know, those words, ? I could not love thee, dear, so muoh, loved I not honor more,' are just the beet rule of lifo I know.' The book slipped to the ground, and from tho open loaves fell a photograph face upward. It was the face of Edith Anderson. Winnie's heart nearly stoppod beating as she pickod it up and read on the back, ' To my dearest and best friend, from Edith.' ' 'Oh Erio, Eric, how could you, after all you havo said, Erio dive, I did not think you could do thin,' and she sank baok crushed aad heartsick, for everything pointed to his faithlessness, ' Winnie, darling, it ia all a mistake, I oannot think how it got there, really ? ' ' Stop, do not make matters worse. I suppose,' you never read,' Tennyson ' with her beaide you — never cared for her, never ? ' ^ftj ' ' I never did, I swear I ? ' ?* ? ' Don't, let me go Mr. Olivo, I did believe in your words onco, but now you stem to lie so easily that truth must be quite a novelty. Good afternoon,' and she walked wearily away. Edith passed soon after, and seeing Eric with hia head bowed on his arms in an attitude of utter distress, Winnie walking stiffly away , without her hat, and the photo, her photo, lying beside the hook, guessed all. Hut forgive her, she was young and fair, and cared for a man who loved another. ' She wont by unseen and did not give Erio Clive the letter from Mrs. Barton that would havo solved the mystory of the photo being in his book, Winnie went home at onco, and Edith offered no explanation, although Winnie's sorrowful eyos seemed to pioroe into her mind as though to read some oxouoo fot her lover's apparent deooit. 'If I cannot win him now they are parted,' thought Edith, 'then I will toll 'ii^'1 ?' *.' ' ' ' *''? ?' ?* ' ??'''?' '?'['- '' ? ' ? ?'''?- ' ? ? ? ' ?'' ?'. ??? '?;'-'''(?? — ? ; ? T ? ._„ all, but at present he is mine no muoh ao hers. 0, Erio Olive, why did I over eeo you ; hut I have my ohanco.' About a month passed slowly by and four people wero vory miserable, all through a mistake. Perhaps tho moat unhappy one waa tho girl who folt that but for tho accidont of a photo slipping into a book, and a How laughing innuendoes from a friond, oho would not have stopped from tho pedestal of truo, puro womanhood, as sho knew sho had dono. A few wordo from her and two pooplo would bo intensely happy, and she would be far, far happier for doing her duty, even if it cost her a little suffering. Pride helped hor, for eho knew where Eric's heart was. Just as Edith arrived at this conclusion a horse gallopod wildly past her window, and she looked up wondering who could be riding like that. Sho ran outside, for the horse was Erio Olive's, and it was riderless. ' Tom,' she called, ' Reuben, father, where are you all P' but her voice received no reply. ' Poor old Cavalier, where did you lpave your master f' and, as she stroked tho shivering horse with the foam-flecked nos trilo and scared, dewy eyes, she noticed for the first time that a tiny trail of blood dropped from hia shoulder. It flashed through hor mind in an instant that Eric must have been injured by one of the bullocks and thrown. Sho knew the frequented parts of the run, and follow ing the trail Cavalior had left, Bhe rode off, supplied with stimulants and bandages, like the brave girl she was. At last in a deep defile, where the rush ing creek tossed about botwoen boulders and logs, after dimpling over the expanse of a meadow, she found Erio, ap parently dead. ' Poor boy,' she murmured, as she put his head on her knee and carefully attended to a gaah on his head. Then she saw his arm was badly hurt, and made a rough splint^as all the girls had learnt to do when last in Brisbane. After pouring some brandy down Eric's throat ho half opened his eyes and whispered faintly, but so tsnderly — ' Winnio, it is all right now, dear,' and closed his eyes contontedly. Poor Edith, how her heart ached. After all her struggle and brave help she was not to be appreciated. Ho thought only of Winnie. After making him as comfort able as possiblo she knelt beside him one moment and kissed him once — only once — and no one would ever know — he would think it was Winnie. Sho rode off to Winmo's home to fetch her to stay beside her lover while she got help. At the ' Vulley ' all tho men wero out ' but one, so while Winnie went to Erio Edith hurried round to get men and a stretcher. Before tho girls parted Edith told the story of tho missing photograph, and how aho had boon tempted, saying — ' Winnie, will you forgive mo for not Bpeaking before P Indeed, he has never made lovo to me.' 'Yes, dearie, I fujly forgive, for I know he loves me, but ? ' 'Even the boat of friends are jealous ovor a man,' smiled Edith, even while her heart still ached. 'Yes, but I wob very foolish, too.' Help was soon procured, and the hurt man was taken to the ' Valley,' as the nearest place to the scene of the accident. The invalid progressed favorably with the aid of Dt. Jackson, Edith, and Winnie, and the convalescent days wero very happy ones for the lovers. Edith told Eric what Mrs. Barton had said in her letter about the picturo, and he replied, ' To bo sure, what a fool I was. I recollect slipping tho photo into a volume of ' Tennyson ' to mark a favorite part of Winnie's and mine.' ' Will you forgive mo, Erio,' aekod Winnie, ' for doubting you.' ' Only on condition it never ooours again,' he said with mock gravity. ' What a fortunate accident this was, for I meant to go right away without asking for any explanation.' ' You silly boy to think I could cease loving you, Fanoy all this trouble through ' a missing photograph,' The literary world seems throatoned with anothor controversy on tho subject of tho author ship of tho ' Letters of Junius.' Tho last timo that tho matter received ono of theso periodical stirrings up, to which it has been liable for ovor a century, was some 20 yeara ago, when fresh light was thrown upon it by the minuto observations of a greatoxport in handwriting, who had examined tho Junius manuBoripta. His testimony did not aid much towards the positive identification of the famous political writer, but at any rato it waq rather destructive of ono claim for which pre viously there had beon rather strong evidence. It waB to the offect that tho handwriting of Junius was not, as had often been assorted, tho handwriting of Sir Philip Franois. It has now been suggested that Gibbon might have been Junius — if it is not indeed tho repetition oE a rumor which was current in the historian's own day, and whioh included his name among tho many whioh wore associated with the authorship of the lnyatoriouB epistles that so excited tho curiosity of tho English-reading world. In like manner tho notion that tho groat Earl of Chatham wob ' Junius ' is boing mooted again, a notion whioh, on tho whole, ia more credible than that which would idontify tho celebrated correspondent of tho Pudlic Advertiser with the author of tho ' Doclino and Tall of tho Koman Empire.' Astloy's Amphitheatre, London, lately Sangor's Circus, is about to disappear. It datos from tho laBt quarter o£ tho 18th century. Its originator, Philip Astley had boon a troopor. Ho first opened a sort of riding school. A service which ho happened to rnndor George III. while on horBebuclc procured him a licence for equestrian entertainments, to which others of a partially dramatic character were added by-and-byo. The oBtabhBhmont during Philip ABtloy's lifotime was twice burned down. He diod in 1814, and was succoodod by hia son, who in turn yioldod his scoptro, or rather his whip, to Ducrow, who after long ' witohing tho world with noblo horomanahip,' took hiB final gallop with tho ridor of tho palo stood in 1841\. Tho novols of Dickons and Thackoray — as may bo said of most of tho light literature of the first halt1 of this contury — contain many allusions to ABtloy's. Ono of thomoBt noted of all its productions was ' Tho Battle of Watorloo,' with Mr. Gomoraal as Napo leon. To pooplo of this gouoration tho name of that once-diBtinguiahod monarch of tho sawdust; will bo familiar only through tho medium of tho yot-unforj;otton ' Don Gaultior Ballads,' whore he ia introduced in a clever imitation of tlio ring ing stanzas of Lockhart's translations of the ancient Spaninh ballade. 'The Midnight Viait' of the ghost of Napoleon to Lord Castloroagh ends, it ^vy bo roinomberod, with the ghost droppiDg a paper and vanishing — ——Ho imssos through tho door— ' Was it a phantom, or a man wi\s stnmling on the lloor ? And could tlmt bo ilio Kmiioror that movud bufuro my oyes 1 All, yos, ton sura it wun liimsolf, for hero tho rnjior lion ! ' With troubling luiul Lord Custloroiwh undid tho niystlo scroll, ?????. With glassy ojosossayod to rend, for foar was on hli soul — , . ? . .... ? Wlmt's horo— ' At A»tloy's ovnry ultfht, tho piny of ' Mos. cow'Hi'ullP ???.-.;, .. ? Napolopu, for tho thousandth timo, by Sir. Q6iaorsi-l.' 