A GHOST OF THE PAST. . -i HOW IT W AS . EAiBJBY A DETECTIVE.' Sir Robert Liaburn and his wife were net' particularly silly, as newly-married co.uples go. For one thing, Sir Robert was tfiirty- sbmething ; and when you are thirty-some- thing gravity comes. But ho was very much in love with his young wife. He handed her out of the family omnibus carefully, and the very prettiest anklo and the tiniest shoe peepod; out for., a moment as sho stepped down before one of the big hotels on Tra falgar-square. As she tripped up the broad carpeted fctairs to her room, thero was a look of great happiness in her eyes. "And iB my dear' girl quite happy?" said Sir Robert. Young Lady Lisburn (she was tall and pleasant-looking) turned to him affectionately. "Your dear girl," she said, "has had her worries in her life. She had one big worry." "How big'" Lady Lisburn widened her arms to give an idea of the size. "But it's all' over now, audi am very, Very happy," , " Perhaps, "said Sir Robert— "perhaps the dear girl will tell me all about it some day." "Sho may — some day," said the young bride, flushing. "Just now she is so con tented that she doesn't wane even to think about it." The _ next morning they went off to the Engadine. It was two months , later when they returned, trunks and portman teaus plastered all over with square and circular labels— Hotci Bellevue and Hotel Beau Rivage, and a lot of others. Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked very jolly and well. There wore letters waiting for Lady Lis- burn. She read them in her bedroom. As Bhe saw tho writing on one of the envelopes she grew rod, and" 'then ' Very white. She perused tho letter again and again, with hands trembling and a face that looked into the mirror with a frightened look. Then she turuod off the electric light and sank on her kueee and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove out a good deal, visiting; but young Lady Lisburn looked ill and out of sorts, and scarcely spoke to her husband. Ho seemed to be repelled by her coldness. Once or twice Lady Lisburn tried to rouse liersclf ; but the look of worry quickly came back, and her husband, placid and even as he was, could not help feeling disturbed. Oue evening in the latter part of the week, Lady Lisburn, was sitting at the open window of their room, her face resting on her hand, looking out into the square and seeing nothing. A page-boy entered with a foreign mes sage. She opened it, read the type-written words, and crumpled quickly the sheet in her hand as Sir Robert came in. "I want to say something to you, Robert," she said, in a shaky voice. He came over to her. "I want to go away from you for a few weeks.'' | ' "A few weeks?" he repeated, blankly. " A few weeks. Unless you want me to be a miserable woman all my life, you must let me do thie. - Let me go ; and wjteu I come back I shall be quito jolly, and I shall love you more than ever, and we — — " "Aly dear, , said Sir Robert, "you are perfectly unreasonable 1 You are not your self," "Unfortunately I am," interposed the ycp.ng wife, sadly. " Or you wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous thing. Now, love, just you go to bed early to-night . and have a good rast, and you'll bo all right in the morning." " If yon don't let mo go, Robert, I shall never bo able to., rest, again. I shall be nothing but a curse to. you and a misery to myself for all my life. Do lot m'e go." " My dear love," said Sir Robert, rising with a very decided air, " if you absolutely refuse to tell.mo the motive for your disap pearance, I absolutely refuse to let you go." "Then I— then I must go without jour permission." She said this without defiance and in tho humblest way. Sir Robert went downstairs and stood at tho hotel door for a few minutes, smoking his oigar rather quickly. Then he turned and went to tho telephone- room, and looked in tho book and rang up. Lady Lisburn. white and set of face, returned to her room nnd propared for her journey. It was a surprise to Sir Robort to find in tho hall, not 10 minuteB later tho man for whom he had telephoned. He was a burly, scarlet-faced man, and he pavo his card to Sir Robert with an awkward', fat bow. Thomas Bester, . Fayre, Swoever & Co,, Inquiry Agents. "Come into this room, Mr. — Mr. Bester." Air. Bester wiped his hoots with particular care. "You'd liko somothiug to drink, 'per haps?" Mr. Bester pulled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and said that he didn't know as a drop of whisky would do him any particular harm. At any rate, he said (he said this with tho air ol a man prepared for any experiment in tho interests of science) he'd try. Sir Robert ordered a largo whisky, and gave instructions that he was to be told when Lady Lisburn left the hotel. " We need not hurry until that happens," Baid Sir Robert. He explained to Mr. Bester what was required. Thcro was to bo no iuss, insisted Sir Hubert, and no interference. All that Bester had to do was to follow Lady Lis burn, and if she was in any danger to wire Sir Robert at once, nnd himself take such steps r.B ho might think, wero necessary. ' "That's the way," said Mr. Bester, with approbation; "take things calmly. Aluch better in tho long run. I ought to know. I've been at it, iu tho Yard and out of tho Yard, thirty yoar como next Feb'uary." "I sunDosa you have had some interest- ing cases to deal with;" remarked Sir Robert politely. Air. Bester stood up and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment, and then sat down again heavily. "Tho most interesting," ha. said, "are them that nobody don't deal with." Air. Bester took another sip from his tumbler and essayed to reBt one knee on the other, but found the position for a gentleman of his rotundity uncomfortable, and relin quished the endeavor. " Look here, Sir ' Robert," said Mr. Bester ; " here's a case in poinf. J ust what you may call a littlo incident. Look here. This" (takings wax match from tho box and _ sticking it upright on the table) — "this is Air. Bertie Ellenborough ; and this" (taking another and sticking it up right — "this is Miss — Aliss Whatshername. Reeily, I forgit the name. However, that don't matter." Tho door opened softly, hut neither of the men noticed it. "Very well, then. Few years ago Mr. Bertie Ellenborough (that's this one). knows Miss Whatshernamo (that's this one) ; and she loves him and writes him warm, rap turous letters— letters that slto would he ashamod now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind you. Air. Bortia comes up to town, forgets her, goes to tho bad, slips himself off to America, arid gats worse and worse. He - becomes hard up, and what does ho do, then, but black mail Miss Whatshername." " Damned scoundrel I" exclaimed Sir Robert, heartily. " Blackmails her. I happens to go out to trace a chap, and I meets Alistcr Bertie in a bar, and he tellR mo ail about it." " Ought to be hanged !" romarkod Sir Robert. "But that isn't the worst. I tells him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a' bit; and' then Alistcr Bertie goes one better, and assures -.me that ,lio : burned those letters long ago, and ho was only pretendirig-dre'd stilh got them.- That beats anything, don't it? There's a scamp for you. Makiiig a regular income out of it, too." . "Girl married, I wonder?" "So I understood," said Air. Boster. " Poor girl !" said Sir Robert ; "wonder who her husband is?" " Sir Robert !" said a voice. They had not turned on the light, and the room was growing dark. ' " My lovo?" he said. " They told me you wanted to see me," said Lady Lisburn ; "and, my dear, I'm — I'm not going. I could not have known what I was talking about just now." " My dear heart 1" exclaimed Sir Robert, delightedly ; " tell me what it was that was worrying you ?" "Why, absolutely nothing," answered his wife, decidedly ; " thero was no excuse for it." They took each other's hands. " Shall I look in again, Sir Robert?" said Mr, Bester respectfully. He had been stand ing aside and pretending, with excellent savoir faire, to look out of the window. "Oh, I beg your pardon, Bester 1" said Sir Robert; "no, you needn't look in again, I'll send your people a cheque for your trouble." 