JOHE WAFT'S CRIME, A MARSHLAND ROMANCE. By Thohas St E. Hath, CHAPTER II.—Conti need. It was uicu w lane bupjjor in tno "titchen. There was no help for it; her father came and took his seat at the table, and for once his egotism did good service. He never glanced up from his plate to study hia daughter’s face. Had he done so, her look must have rouBed his suspicions. She made a «reat pretence of eating, but not one morsel .passed her lips. She was thinking—thinking i_until she could hardly refrain from blurting out the whole truth. How Upcraft must be suffering, exposed as he was to the damp, chilly night ! The very sight of the kitchen fire was a torture to her while he was debarred from sharing it3 warmth and brightness with It her father had actually known that Upcraft was shivering in the cold outside—if he hid tacitly planned to increase Jessie’s agony -ha could hardly have behaved with greater canning; bo nt least it seemed to her. He always was a slow eater, and his appetite se'dorn failed him. But to-night—as it appe ued t: Jobs,—heatoata Buail’a pace and with the appetite of a hungry huntsman ! And then—when he at last put down his knife and fork—ha drew his chair towards the kitchen fire and began slowly to fill his pipe. Surely some mischievous demon had whispered the suggestion into hia ear to settlo himself hero instead of retiring into his own sanctum! it was such an unusual action on his part. \Va3 it because she had made the kitchen fire so bright! It was with no thought of him, but of another to-night, that Jess had stirred it into so cheerful a b!a::e. Mr Bryce, while still occupied iu loading his pipe, looked round abruptly at Joss, and said : « W«ll—■what has Upcraft got to say for him sslf!” Jo3s ciught her breath, as if sbo had received a stab. Her face had betrayed her, she thought. Her father had guessed what had happened. She could not speak; she could only stare at him in blank amazement. “ What’s amiss now ?—Keep your eyes to yourself!” cried Jlr Bryce angrily. “Haven’t you read the man’s letter yet ?” “John's letterf I- No, father; not “ Hake pipe-lights of ’em! That’s the best thing you can do.—Come !” said lie, pointing to his meerschaum : don’t you see I'm waiting for a light?” She struck a match and handed it to him without a word. And now, as it still seamed to Jess, her father Einoked with more deliberation than he had even exhibited when plying his knife and fork. He smoked, and fell into meditatiou, and knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and smoked again, until her power of endurance was nearly spent. The clouds of tobacco-smoke that lingered over his head interminably contained the very essence of his tantalising mood. Having at last finished his pipe, Mr Bryce began to show signs of drowsiness. He had a habit at times of falling asleep over the fire after his evening smoke. This prospect was more than the girl canid bear. She began to make a great clatter with the supper plates, as she washed and stood them up in the rack. This noi-o had the desired effect; for her father presently rose from the chair and, gruffly bid ding her “ good night,” botook himself to bed. Jess only waited to hear him close his door; in another minute she was at Upcraft’s side. “Did you think I had forgotton you, dear? You must bo half dead with cold.” She led the way into the house. When Upcraft had washed the mud from his hands and face—had exchanged his prison gar ments for a discarded suit of her father’s—and had eaton and drunk of the best that Jessie could provide, he finally rose from his chair beside the fire and held out both his hands. “Good-bye, Jess—good-bye!” She looked up entreatingly. He was a hand some young fellow, with "dark resolute eyes. He spoke with an earnest, appealing ring in his voice. “Jess! if I don’t get clear of this neighbor hood before daybreak, I shall be taken. Think what that means!” A look of anguish crossed her face. “You shall have tidings of me—I promise that,” he went on.—“Don't be down- hearted, Jess. What is my trouble now—now that 1 know that you never thought me guilty! 1 had begun to despair—to lose all courage— when no consoling word came from you. Bui I have something to live for now !” Jess could not speak; she could only cling to him in her grief at the thought of parting .She realised what it meant—or at least whal she dreaded what it must mean. She might gel tidings of him, though she scarcely knew how But to night they liad met for the last time Her brain reeled at the thought. S.ie sat shivering before the dead kitchen fire half daz d, until the cold grey dawn was look nig in. She stared about her, and gradually tho whole, scene of the night that was passec rushed vividly back into her memory. Shi went to the window, and, drawing aside tin curtain, peered eagerly out. John Upcraft wai gone. CHAPTER III.—Tidings. Three years went by. Itwas winter again. Thi marshlands lay beneath a thick coating of ice tlie dikes were frozen pathways to the Thames the pollards had grown white-headed witl rime; and the only signs of life were the gulh coming in from the sea with their plaintive cry for food and shelter. It was holiday-time. Jess was still a tenchei at the village school. Bat she no longer fell ready to dance home along her path; for thi promise of tidings which Upcraft had given he; had never come. The girl had lost all hope And yet she went about her duties cheerfully the old routine of village life continued to rui its uneventful course; and it was seldom tha anyone—unless it were her little friend Jim— detected a line of care upon her faco. One dismal afternoon—Jess having gone ti spend the day with friends at Thurrock Hall Mrs Gilkes sat warming herself over the kitchei fire. Mr Bryce was having his after-dinne: nap, the only time when tho woman got an; rest at the cottage. Jim knelt upon the hearth •rug at his mother’s side, rubbing his fat hand together, just as Jic knelt and warmed then ■upon the night of his expedition with. Jos ?cr?i8 *he marshlands three years ago ^addonly iu: touched his mother’s arm • There s the firing again !” Baid he, his smal keen oye3 glittering with excitement “Don’ you hear it, mother -Tn.I".rl<' the bring, Jim ; get to work ! ’ said Mrs Gilkes. “It makes me downrigh queer to look nt you when the conwicts i abroad. It’s high time you was a-gro wing ou of it, and now you’ve begun to earn your owi living too.” Jim wa3 ou tho point of replying, and nol without impudence, to judge from his look when there came a loud knock at the front door lie hurried down the passage to answer it. Oi the doorstep, under the porch, stood a tall mar in a ^reat fur coat. Ti.ero was just euough Jight left m the gathering mist to see his face Jim stared at him for a moment, and ther gasped, as though he had received at unexpected blow in the back. “Is MissBryce at homer” “ Mr Bryce ?” ''Yes; he is. What—what name?” * Tell him,” said the visitor, “ that a gentle man has called to see him.” Jim rapped at the study door, and receiving an order to “ come in,” instantly obeyed. “ What’B it all about r” 1 . f!ryce sat upright in his armchair and looked sternly over his shoulder at the boy. Jim delivered his message. <^on'f' Jou sh°w him iu?” said Mr ‘•I’m a-doing of it, nin’t I?” And Jim opened the study door to its full extent. I he visitor stepped in. Having closed the uoor behind him with a jerk, Jim groped his ■way back to tbo kitchen as though he had been struck blind. “Bless the boy,” cried Mrs Gilkes, ca ner son by tho shoulder as he leaned agai; avail, “how pale be is!” “No, I ain’t!” “Yon are, Jim. Your ns pale as If 55°d, a ghost! It’s all alonger the r ou re n-worriting your head again fnem conwicts,” said Mrs Gilkes. “II no good a-contrndicting me.” Jun made no farther attempt at coni non. He thrust his hands'into his ti pockets and stared wonderiugly at the fir Meanwhile Mr Bryce, who had been si t of his nap, could make nothing i ,,™“thc uncertain light of the aftern firufliy at d° y0U want with mo ■” ea Nothing. I’ve come,” was tho ropl see your daughter.” The man’s voice, and the dim outline mco and figure as he stood between h we fight, brought a sudden look of hat: ttaD”tl0U- ‘'UPcraft! Why, you arc home?”^er^eC^y 8ane‘—^'rc 3’0U expectin Timm a^v6 UP fr°m his chair and Pon tho kearth-rug with his back to the expecting her home. But you “If r we-it,”said he, in a significant remv>,7uU were a millionaire, and wi P oach, you could not marry her now. ColoJfti^xr^^d forgotten i Do yon ! Han"6-ri^?od5,rard H0 lives at Thu Tin . 8 the man she’s going to m y yu doaV*'mo ? Ask the first villages meet if a*, t™!” ft went out without another word. himinT^^5^ tathe window and peered load „, ?• He saw him pasB into the: village VuTn,b'? BteP8 towards Thul and “e began to pace restless! flwno lfiWn v1-8 r00!n- At intervals an ei and facei was full of oraft for venro k bought. He had been ache of Thr, 8 „ “arf7 JeS!> to Colonel Wood: Pperaff^ ck Hall: and suddenly this A dsiLnf8®8 a$ain an obstacle in his pa fh« ji^tatoodon the table. He emi *3 5^ out of it into his wine-g drmk it off and then rang the hell. And now ne stood, grimly emiling, with his face half tnmed towards the door; and he seemed as though liatemng to the signal-gnn, that still Toilm' aoloss the marshes like an ominous John Upcraft heard it too. He stopped abruptly, mid pressed his hands to his oars to shut out the sound. It carried him hack to that terrible night, three years ago, when he was out upon the marshlands, a miserable con* vict, shivering with acute ague. Surely he was still the convict—surely it was for him that the gun was firing! The old sense of horror recurred, He shook from head to foot; and it was only by repeatedly touching his fur coat and passing his hauds over his limbs that he couia convince himself that he was no longer in prison garb, no. longer hnnted. In his grief and overwhelming despair, he began to wish that Jessie Bryce had left him to die -in the marshes where she had found him. It would have been kinder, a thousand times kinder, than to have recalled him to life in order to subject him to this misery, por a moment he was sorely tempted to strike across themaishlands aud reach the river-side, whero with one leap he could end it all. But his better judgmentsoou prevailed. He conquered the momentary weakness, and went on towards the village with a growing strength of purpose m his step. There was no sense of shivering now, no thought of bending to destiny. The lights of Thurrock village had come in Bight. He was erect and determined; and he presently walked into the village inn—an inn called the “Old Hulk”—with little trace of tho recent suffering to be seen in his resolute face. But the crowning tost of Upcraft’e moral strength now awaited him.' The bar-parlor of tho “ Old Hulk ” was small and cosy Thore was a table in the centre, around wh’ch a number of men were seated. Some had drawn thoir chairs close to the hoard ; while others sat back against the wall, seeming to prefer a more distant view of the glass or tankard to which they laid claim. Tho company had raised a pretty thick fog, in opposition to the fog outside, with their tobacco-smoke; and TJpcraft, by way of making it denser, lit a cigar, after taking a vacant seat near the window. A light resembl ing an old ship’s lamp hung from the ceiling. But TJpcraft had uo dread of being recognised, for this was almost the first time ho had set foot in Thurrock village. A silence had fallen upon the company when TJpcraft came in, but only for a moment. An elderly man with a closely-Bhaven face soon took up tho thread of talk. He gave a nod before he spoke, as if to challenge contradiction. “So I say. He’s a gentleman.” “ Ay,” chimod in a middle-aged, hook-nosed man—“ and a rich un too! What more do a girl want?” “Look at his age!” said a youth, disparag ingly. “ He’s older than she be, yer, see, by twenty year.” ‘‘They haven’t settled the day,’’ said a wrinkled parson ia the chimney corner, whom Uncraft took to be the Revlon. “ Tin VP fhov ?” Upcraft took to be the sexton, “ have they ?” Before an answer could be given, a carriag drove up to tho inn door, and all eyes wer directed towards it. The landlord was seen t hurry out. Then tho window of the carriag was let down, and a face appeared there in th light of the carriagelamp. It was Jess. Upcraft’s first impulse was to go out to th door and greet her. How beautiful sbe looked A great yearning possessed him to hoar he voice. He longed to touch her hand once more But the impulse was quickly mastered. H sank back in his chair. She was in Colone Woodward’s carriage, and of course lie was a her side. The taproom gossip had fairly cor firmed old Bryce’s words. She was Colone Woodward’s fiancee. It was too late! (to be continued.) 