OLD WORLD GOSSIP, (molt OTO conrosroNDSN-r.) LONDON, JUI.Y 21. Tiiero is a decided falling-off of interest and excitement, in politioal quarters. For tlio present we are in doubt ns to when Parliament is likely to adjourn, although thorn is a general impression tjiat its release from its labours will como sorpo limo in September. Even- up to tho prcscut this has been.an unprecedentedly hard session. Tho House of Commons has had six solid months of almost unbroken toil, every day or which bas been marked by tonio moro or less exciting develop- ment. On both sides members huvo been kept as rigorously to their work as schoolboys to thoir tasks. In fact. Parliamentary lifo has boon revo- lutionised. Anybody who romembero tho old days-tho d.-.ys, that is to say, oven 10 or 12 years ago-will understand bow tho House carno to bo christened " tho best club in London." Tiiero were a few nights of great exoiteuiont on which it would sit, perhaps, till tho dawn, but in au ordinary way tho average member spent no moro time within its walls than was agreeable to himself personally. Ho tamed up to hear tho questions, waited perhaps for some specially interesting speech, wont comfortably homo or out to dinner, and reappeared or did not reappear, as tho humour took him, for an hour or two later on. " Counts " were frequent, especi- ally on Tuesday nights, and even if ho had to be in tho neighbourhood of the House, and happened to be of a convivial turn of mind, was thoro not the oheerful room of tho old Sergcaut-at-Anns, where ho could meet congenial spirits over a cigar and a glass of good whisky ? Nobody dreumod of hurrying back after the Easter or Whitsuntide holiday», and very few members indeed, outside the official and ox-official cirnle, could bo counted on to remain for into August. Legislation was a pastime for gentlemen, tho main interests of whose lives lay elsewhere-largely in their country homes-and who mudo things agreeublo for each other as circumstances permitted. But témpora mtttantur ! The conditions have altered, and BO wo bavo tho mon, and in these ex- acting; demooratio days tho lifo of a member of Parliament has become one of real ', toil, if not of downright drudgery. The strain of , merely hanging about the House and taking part [ in tho innumerable divisions has told heavily even j on strong mon, while a few of the weaker mem- bers have even broken down altogether. The men who have taken an notivo part in the fray, like Mr. Morley. Mr. Balfour, and Mr. Goschen, look utterly exhausted. Even Mr. Chamberlain ia a shade whiter than usual, and Sir William Harcourt ha« tho look of a man for whom no in- terest« romain in life at all. Mr. Gladstone solves the difficulty in a way of his own. Ho ia always in his piaco during the discussion« on'the Home Rule Bil!, ready at any moment to defend his pet ' measure. But in tho dull times when his inter- vention is not called for he lies back in his place on the Treasury 1-onoh, and elumbera peacefully the sleep of a child. Howcvor, the period of relaxation is at hand. Members are pairing freely for a few weeks' rest, and ho is an unlucky sportsman who will not bo away on tho moors when tho 12th of August comes round. Tho sport ng mon aro by no means tho ' dominant body thoy used to be in tho House of Commons. Probably tho majority now aro not regular shot«, nud thero aro somo of whom it is safe to say that thoy never handled a gun, and woiild havo somo difficulty in tolling oft-hand a grouso from a partridge Still, thero is a con- siderable seotion to whom the 12th is still an import- ant day, and from present appearances they will almost to a man bo ou the moora ou tho opening day though they may havo to return quickly to tuko part in the division on tho third reading. Tho members who travel are most to be pitied if it should turn out thnt there is un autumn session, as tho Govemmont nt present intend that thero «hall bo. Soma of these members, however, by judicious pairing have made arrangements for any oruorgoiicy. In several eases thoy are going to India. Othors aro going to America, and I hear of at least ono member who i« off to Montenegro fishing-a delightful change for a man of adven- turous spirit who desires to got really into fresh fields and pastures new. There has beeu a good deni of talk about tho formation of au Australian party in tho House of Commons, but nothing very defiuito has yot been done, nor is tho «chemo likely to come to much iu tho pres ont session. So far, the only practical suggestion put forward is of a convivial character -that tho membera interested in tho colonies should dino together. This iu all probability will come off, as tho " Australians " in tho House in cludo some bonn rivant». Thero oro several mem- bers who have never been even near the colonies, but who have married Australian wives ; and tho question hos been raised whether thoy aro untitled on tili« ground to be inoluded in the party. It seem« likely to bo settled in the affirmative-an arrangement which appears only just, if by Aus- tralian party is to bo simply meaut a party of members more or less directly interested in the colonies. As to tho political «¡do of the movement I should not. like to speak very confidently at pro- sont. Thora aro oortaiu difficulties and, perhaps it would not. bo uufuir to add, certain little por Bonal jealousies, to bo overcome, boforo ii definite organi-ation ram bo formed. Who would be ohairmuu ? However, if all that is mount ia that there i« to bu a common understanding aniongmom bers interested in tho colonies to act together when anything affecting Australia is under considera- tion, and to dino together nuw and then and drink prosperity to Australia, tho idea is praotic ablo enough. Drury-lune Theatre is now apparently doomed beyond recall. Tho new Duke of Bodl'ord, who is tho ground landlord of all this part of London, has definitely decided not to renew tho leaso which is ruuning out, and dowu tho theatre will have to come. It is the moro regrettable that it should be so, since another of tho old theatrical landmarks Her Majesty's-has just boen demolished. An attempt is to bo mado by soft approaches to tura the Duke from his purposo, but a« he is declared ' to bo aoting from important motive« of " estate | policy," it is not nt nil likely lo bo successful. Tho j fact ia that both tho ground landlord and the j lessees havo lost a good doul by " Old Drury " of late years. As to tho " estato policy," if this j moans that the presout Duke ia going to attempt j somo sort of improvement in the neighbourhood I of Covent Garden-which his predecessors were | content to allow to remain in such a disgraceful j condition-thora is a gool deal to bo said for tho change from a stuitary point of view. "Old Drury" is not an artistic pilo, and ila neighbourhood is something approaching a slum. Something very much handsomer and cleaner may bo erected on it« j sito. Yet it ia a pity that tho oldest pluyhouso in London, the name of which curries us back to tho times of Dr. Johnson, of Sheridan, of Gurriek- j whoso walls wo might fanoy still haunted by the : ghosts of Mrs. Siddons, of John Komble, and of ¡ Edmund Kenn, all of whom strutted their hour upon il« stage-should huvo to give way for a street improvement. Tho building itself as it stands is not very old, but there hus beou a theatre on the site for over 300 yeurs. To tho ears of playgoois, " Drury Lano " ha« always signified a theatre since Nell Gwynne ronde her appearance thero in the original building in tho time of tho second Charles. Nothing hus been moro remarkable of recent yenrs than the increase in our facilities for conti- nental travel-except, perhaps, tho immense aug- mentation of tho numbers of people who take advantage of them. Almost «very year some now route is opened, or Bomo important chanjo is made in our existing route, with tho object of shortening the passago or of increasing tho com- fort of the traveller. A now work bas just boen begun in Dover which opena up a vhita of great possibilities. On Thursday the Prince of Wales, amid muoh municipal coreniony, laid thc founda- tion-stone of the pier which is to bo the principal portion of tho now deop sea hurbour, tho construc- tion of whioh is expocted to havo an immonso effect on tho direction of Continental traffic, and, con- sequently, on tho prosperity of the town. The cost will not bo far short of n million of money, aud tho new outor harbour will cover itu area of about SO aorua. It is oxpeuled for ono thing that as soon .is tho barbour ¡9 oomplotod tho Boulogne steamers will make it their headquarters instead of Folk-tone. There is tulk, too, of new fleets of Btoamors to run in competition with tho Ostend boats of tho Belgian Government to ports on tho North Sea, even as far north as Hamburg, whioh is at present served from Harwioh. There is oven an idea that Dovor may bocomo a port of call for somo of tho great out-going and in-eomiug ocean steamer»; and, speaking generally, tho now deop sea harbour is axpooted to work wonders for tho town and for tho railway companies which sorvo it. At tho «ame time the shareholders iu those companies havo not given up the idea that they may iu other ways get tho practical control of tho mut» of Coutiueutal traffic Tho promoters of the Channel Tunnel, thou(-b. they havo with drawn tho bill thin nosston, prow moro, rather than lesa aanguino of tho ultimata success of thair project. Even tho Channel bridge has not been abandoned. A meeting of tho company formed to promolo this extraordinary scheme wus hold this week, ut which the chairman spoko very cheerfully of tho prospeota. Tho Board of Trado have pro- mised to consider tho scheme oarefully, and ibero is nn idea that they will havo much less objection to a bridge thnn to a tunnel, as the bridge could bo so much moro easily destroyed or commttnded from the outside in case of war. Thor* is said to be a lot of money behind tho scheme-and there, need bo. It is calculated that 750,000 tons of steel would bo required. Mascagni, tho composer, has had tho honour of a visit to Windsor Castle, tho Qncen-whoso vovived interest in operatic matters shows no sign of falling off- having commanded tho Covent Garden Company to attend and give soleotions from two of tho young maestro's earlier works. Mascagni was delighted with tho compliment, and be stood in need of it, as thero is no doubt that ho has been a good deal nettled by tho reception of *' I Rantznn." Tho critics havo been undoubtedly rather rough upon Mascagni's latest work. How ovor, tho Queen was most gracious to tho com- poser. Not only was thero a brilliant company to listen to bim, but tho Queen frequently and em- phatically led tho appluuso, nnd at court it is not etiquette to applaud till her Majesty gives the signal, which abo usually does by tupping with her fan on her chair, or on tho littlo table which usually stands beside ber. Kot content with this, tho Queen, who bas no mean knowledge of tho technique of musio, eutered upon a pleasant ohat with Mascagni, and, according to his own account -perhaps ft little partial in tho circumstances displayod an extraordinary insight into the pecu- liarities of his stylo. Her Majesty has sinoo soot Mascagni a framed portrait of herself, bearing her autograph and the dato. Tho Lycenm closoa to-morrow night, and will not reopen till Mr. Irving and his company como back from their American tour. Another little stop in tho elevation of the stage and its surround- ings hus been tho formation of a Rehearsal Club, largely under the regis of Mrs. Beerbohm Tree, with the object of providing a meeting placo, con [ ducted on decent and pleasant lines, for tho ballot , girls and other supernumerary performers on tho ! London stage. Thcso girls, as is known, are sub j jectod to extremo temptations, and to havo a home-liko place such as the club to como to after rehearsal or performances may be a great gain to thom. The ouly new pieco of any interest has boon produced at Daly's Theatre lt. is a comedy mainly on tho lines of tho well- known " Divor- çons." At Covent Gardon, a promising young singer has apperod in tho person of Fraulein Olitzkn, a young Polish lady, who, I believe, has received a three years' engagement from Sir Augustus Harris, lt is too early yet to speak confidently as to her merit«, as sho is too nervous, I but her friends ure very hopeful. 