THE SUGC it BFE:i 3 IN>DUSTRY. It will be admitted tihat the figures submitted in our columsuumn on We nec day last lave very clearly demonstrated that the groning of beet for sugar manu facturo and the establishment ofa frozen meat export trade are twin industries calculated to work together in the most marked manner in building up great and valuable adjuncts to our national wealth producing resources. Shortly stated, the annual consumption of sugar in the colony tmounts to 50,000 tons, to pay for which we yearly send sway £1,000,000. As it takes 9 tons of beet to make 1 ton of sugar, this means thnt a total of 450,000 totns of beet are re quired to supply uur own sugar require ments' lone s and as the average yield is 15 tons per acre, it consequently in volves a cultivated beet area of 30,000 acres, which at :15s per ton, the price the bests fetch for sugar making, Would givoto the farmers and annual cash revenue of £337,500. In addition to this,-an extra 10,000 acres nf land, it is esiniitod, would be required to produce feed for the horses employed in the industry, while the number of hands required in cultivation, fatlory work and the varied handicrafts connected with the numerous de velopments of the business tot up to an aggregate oT 15,000. And even this is not all, for the cattle and sheep fattened from the pulp, mixed with other foods, would net as frozen meat an annual sum of £150,000 ; while the increase to the railway traffic would amount to a yearly extra carrying of not less thia 050,000 tons. The qustion is not one as to whether or not it is desirable to start this industry, but simply one of ways and means. As to the details of how this is so be ef fected, one thing is sure-that beet will not be grown on a large scale, nor will sheep of th freezing sort be produced by the-farmers, as in New Zealand, until local markets ae assured in the estab lishment of sugar factories on the one band. and meat freening works on the other. Ini 'one respect, so far as beet growing is concerned, one important fact has been demonstrated, vie., that this colonyi'in its moister districts, is un. questionably above the average of other countries in its general cuitableness for the production of root crops, both in quantity and quality, while the less favored portions with respect to climate have had their wants supplied inirrigation schemes that are simply nowt waiting to be utilised. What has not yet been made the subject of experiment are thr details connected with the best classes of biat for sugar and their agricultural treatment. What the state can do, at Once is to follow the example of the American Government, and through the department of Agriculture procure a supply of the best approved high grade seed for diatribution to the farmers. Last year the Wasllington departmentt of Agriculture thus distributed seed to 2315 growers. Each package was ac companied by printed instrtctions fr preparing the soil, planting the seed, and cultivating the roots, the only con ditions imposed on the recipients being that they should return samples of thi beet grown to the Government labora tory in order that the best possible dats Iiight be obtained as to the best kinds in percentage of sugar, and to enable further directions to be issued with respect to the class of fertiliser suit able to varying soils and climates, so as to ensure the very highest results. This is a work that involves little ex pense, and its importance is such as should demand immediate steps being taken by the department of Agriculture here. As for the rest, we would again urge the adoption of the plan already submitted as a thoroughly practical solution of the problem-how to start immediately the establishment of sugar making factories without involving the necessity for direct pecuniary assistance. As the text of the bill that would cn able this proposal to become at once operative has already been published in our columns, it is only necessary to recapitulate its chief features. Under the proposed act, companies intending to erect factories would be registered, and permitted to issue debentures to defray the cot 'of the works. These debentures being guaranteed both for principal and interest by the Govern meat, would therefore become immedi ately negotiable at their face value. As all themoney derived from the sale of such debentures would be secured by the act as applicable only to the pay ment for erecting the works and ma chinery, the company would have to execute a mortgage to the Treasurer over the property, while the payment of interest and a.premium to an insurance fund against loss would be made annual first charges tb the Government on the profits. The suggestion by one of tile Ministers :to arrange for future assist ance by grants to be obtained by a levy upon the municipal subsidy, if it were otherwise w.rtlhy of consideration, lns the objection of not being isuindiate, and in any case such sums as miglht be obtainable from that or any other source would be better placed to tile credit of the fund insuring the Government against' loss. .There can be fairly claimed for our proposal the merits of commercial soundness and immediate practicability, and in view of the supreme importance of the issues at stake there can be no justification for any delay shatever in carrying it into law.-Ag. -. Quoting from tbo Louisville Journal, the Scientifi American gives the fol lowing :-The accuracy of the statement can be tested by those of nor readers who grdw sweet peas, and are troubled with flies :-"' Come inside a minute," said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos yesterday afternoon. 'I have discoveredn the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' He led thle way to an instrument at the roar of the store on which was a newspaper.; On tihe paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At .least one -tlionand dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate viciity of thire bunch of flowers. ' I threw these ohers by chance,' he continued,' and in about ten minutes I happetied to notice that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.' Emen as he spoko a number of the insecta which had stopped to suck the deadly sweet had toppledl over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, slopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, flapped their wings Heakly several timese, and thenu gave up tho ghost." 