THE MALIGNANCY OF INANI MATE THINGS. -0 A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a ourious theory as to the malignanoy of inanimate objects. The author of the theory appeals very wisely in the firstinstance to:he common experience of all human beings, and then, having secured that substantial basis of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work out his general theory. Many another doctrine-that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon - it argued after a different fashion, and even after a differentprinoiple. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who deolared that in one of the great battles of Spain Saint James himself had CHARGED UNDER THE SPANISH FLAG, but added modestly, "unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate objects P The footstool that was un. doubtedly put carefully into a corner-how does it come to be in the middle of the room? The fire which was blazing up a mo ment ago-why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while lhe stands over it; but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other object. and AFTER H M THE DFLUOE. The latoh-key-but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the troubles withthelatch.key,inasmuch asunphilosophical levity might suggest unwelcome explanations. The pebble that oomesin the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to shave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignly meant claim when TIlED AGAIN IN DESPAIR, and become sharp as the Roman King's razor which out the whetstone through P Why will the .watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on ? We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex. periences of most of us. There is no question-there can be none-as to the experience. Let any of us takenoticeon any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to. lose his temper-sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the foroe of the new phiresophio theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of every day or any day life. Because if these in animate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, after philosophy shall have recognised THE FACT OF THEIR UMALTONITY. But, if we were to refuse to consider a theory merely beoauso we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries 'of evolution, the vexations and impatiencee of mankind under the refrac tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at ast orystallised themselves into a theory, we fool bound to commend it topublic considera tion, even although we do notfeel inany way essured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its reacgnition. Nothing can be in its way MORE IBIUTATING THAN TIE LUCIFER MATCI. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and. leave its fiery head on one's hand ? Bul all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory hat the luoifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill.conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish a lucifer .match any morethanwe can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and disonussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that when his water jug for no apparent reasonbroke away from itehandle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooled so instanta neously as to make him unwilling to swallow it' at all-it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was struggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Sohopcnhauer, develop ing not long since a principle of that philo. sopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a close by AN ACT OF UNIVERSAL SUICIbE. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing such a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals ) might be persuaded or coorced into the same arrangement. But hishesitation was as to what are called-unphilosophically no doubt-the inanimate things. His convic. tion was that the world began with the inani mate things, as we call them. They startso the whole business, and then came the lower animals, end then came man. Now eunpose Sman were universally willing to extinguish himself-wh,t guarantee could hIo possibly Shave from those inanimate things that the F moment he had disappeared they would Snot sTART TIle WiIOLE IMAIOINE OF EXISTENCE ' all over again. You cannot have a r.compact with the sands of the dec s erct or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. You cannot have a J treaty with the dust of the highway or aLn a nlliance with'the coals in a mine. Even if you could have sucoh an arrangement. Swho could answer for its being carried out ? Who could trust these things to keep their Splighted wordsP The moment our backs Swere turned they would be sure to seot the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun of the business. Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of thelater philosopher about the malignancy of inani mate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that there was anything man kind earticularly wanted them to do, then they would instantly, and OUT OF SBHER MALICE, make up their minds not to do it.. We can judge of that from that common and trying daily experience to which we have aIready referred. The disciple of Sehopenhaner ha not, perhaps, when he developed his doubte ever heard of what we may call the in animate malignanoy theory. But if he had heard of it, and admitted that there was something in it, he would assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome scepticism. He might still find sermons ia stones, but he would feel sure that it would be futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it would cease growing just to oblige him.--" Daily News." 