? I'm: Theatre Royal was l'e-npeneil nil Saturday when thorn wns u capital house, and Mr. •rift' Uni-rell's new sporting drama, "The l> 11-i<• Krenf.," was produced for tins first time. \ i- lh<>. nn«xpp.fited that, always happens, and ;• who i!Xpi>ct<;d l li'it t'Jio piece would lie iica.se «r .i r.i«n with Dnrrell first and the others nowhnre i- 'Jd li.ivR been mightily disappointed. Tim only ir.ilimi Ao.tor-Aiithor has not given himself all C . lal and all the lim«liv;lit in his new play, and, .li- . 'Hirli the temptation to appear at tho end of • ; i ?('i'n>>, and with haughty huskiness declaro ir • i <-1 f to I to somebody or other is too strong to I.. i|M£i?tlu*r rpsisted, it is yielded to in a milder Hi i iiU'T thfin on former occasions, whon George li--1 lovrvniB hack from the grave or the sunny ,;.iii:ii. It must be ?aid at once that the new prolin. 'inn is a really good noting drama of its class, :i ..I if them is occasionally a little improbability ,'iviil there, it imi6t be remembered tliatprob- •:!.iiity and sensation are deadly enemies. One a hanl- asre that the pieee under notice possesses ,.-.. !• many dramas, sensational and otherwise, is I • i• 11 it, never flags. There is absolutely not a -'"iv nr tiresome two minutes throughout the ; , e limirs of representation. The dialogue and ri; nations are built upon plans and specifications I., catch the gods without tiring or becoming .•'.liTisive to the patrons of the circle. Hegarded, il should be regarded, as an attempt to produce 'i u'lrid bustling Keiisational drama with local • • 1 oiu , ing, " The Double Event" is decidedly suci :".-l'ul, and if we mistake not, will have a very L'.'IHI run. ft » * * K"!T!'rding the plot ? Well.it isalwavs difficult, to (..'low tlii'se sensational plots v«ry closely,for tho iiiti-rval between aets is not sufficiently long to allow the average brain to assimilate the story of tli" previous act, and recover its balance sufficiently in comprehend what follows, and why it follows. In "Thu Double livmt " one thing is clear as p'i"U as the curtain lisos. AVc know where wo a>v. Wo are in the Victorian Club, and amongst ivi']].known bookmakers, whose counterfeit pre- ^' iitments there is uo mistaking. Here is Alf ,1 ^I'niis as large as life, and considerably more ii rural than tho original eould possibly be. Here, t'-'i, is Mossy Isaacs, with helmet and all, as iv:i li>! ic in appearance, walk and voice as if some pim! "graphic Pygmalion had prayed the gods to L'ivi' his tin-type life. All these sports are ••xjc.'i'ssiug their willingness to lay the double.the li 'i-iiy and Cup, when Richard Marston,a plunger, iTi-iii-s in. lliehard Mnrston is represented by the i.nly Australian Author-Actor, and is chiefly TH 'i'ilbir the Dan'ollesque repose of his attitudes IIM-I a haughty buskiness of voice which paralyses vin• in all its varied phases. George gives the li-M'liirht man a rest, and comes upon the scene rtiiund'^d only by the Metropolitan gaslight's Hi' l'-.<t ulare. He has bought the colt Caloola, n 1 :! -h he intends shall win the double, the Derby ;.n I ("up. Further, this wonderUU horse is running I"'- a still bigger prize, the heart and hand of V, nth Kingdon, a bookmaker's daughter, who lias all possible virtue and goodness wrapped up in li"i . and is consequently jnst as stupid, dull and iiiiiiili'restins; as those painfully perfect creatures iMially are, both on and off the stage. George I' ll- the bookmaker that he cannot—er-ask-er- L lith t,o linkerfate with one .who is er-etceterer, Inn, and here (ieorge changes to position number bv sinking slightly at tiie knees anil gracefully ini'.iH'ing the weight of his body from the left leg in the riL'ht, covering the action with a snort that i- ii it unite a.sigh,nor altogethera,BuitV,butniay be .'.ili' il a nasal hiccough. Hut if Caloolashould win t!i" double etceterer. The bookmaker thinks George is a nolilefellow, iui'1 tells him that under these circumstances In' i-ould not think of placing any bar to the union. This magnanimity on the part of the paternal bookmaker is a touching episode in the first, scene, and is in marked contrast to tin'.selfish plots of one Tiger Fletcher, who has I" ' 1! the trainer of Caloola, but whom George has '•ii-hii'i'ed in favour of a specially - imported KM lishnian. Tiger Fletcher and two coni. 'l' iates, a rogue named Solly Yates, and a fool nan,i il Tommy Noles.determine to stiffen Oaloola i' !l.ey cannot get at tlie jockey. Tiger Fletcher ke 1" all hotel and a gambling den, and it is here ill 1' the plans are devised. At Tiger Fletcher's ii"'-l ivo get some true glimpses of Melbourne hi". :,,y to'this remarkable hostelry come all sorts aii'. 1 i-oiiditions of men, the chief attraction being Mi. Tiirer, a lady with a mane of tawny hair of li'i'!"|n/.zi red. ' Mrs. Tiger is represented by -Hi-- lOdith Blande, whose recent passionate desire 1" ••i.pearas a lion tamer makes her very suitable ha' .'lies. Tiger, the proprietress of the den. Lord -M lyti-ld, wiio has a noble weakness tor calling hi lined women by their Christian names, is in 1" Kit h Daisy ; that is to say, Mrs. Tiger. So is I'll ner Wells,'the jockey of Oaloola. Lord May- !;> >'' proposes to Daisy to elope with him. Tiger i.iv:.,,'Hi's and raises' a sienc during which he •l'-!:.ro* the true story of the Lady and the Tiger,. VI.'. I hat; she is not'his wife, but a girl of the " ! 'ar sort. Lord Mayfiold resolves, after tlio lM'iiui.M- of noblemen, to rani the cowardly lie 'i" 1 'ii the scoundrel's throat, and though the Tiger '' 'I • as if he eould eat the lord he caves in and it]'!' lis to Daisy for the truth. That ingenious U' u.',. of the lUrtolom mop frankly admits that 'h" not guilty, that she has been the Tiger's ( i'« ',v. but. never, s-'c.lp her never, the other thing. Tm-. convincing testimonial to the absolute ail-'icc of adulteration and perfect purity of the !!•»• S» which she has for sale is too much for Viiai,,. Lord Mayfield, who casts a look of withering coi n upon the Tiger, and lays his heart, him 1 and fortune at the feet of the lady with the lfari.jlnssy.i red wig 'This is all done so suddenly, and is sucli An unexpected laiock-out for tho audience, that the author eonsideratelv allows the net-drop to come down for a few minutes for refreshments. * * * * Whilst the audience are recovering theii wind the red-beaded lady is being married to Lord Mayfiold, no doubt by Mr. Kinsman, who has a monopoly of ha-sty couples. The curtain rises and tinds us at "Mayiield Ifouse," Toorak, with Fletcher's former mistress installed therein and happy, hut fur the haunting memory of the past, a memory which Fletcher unpleasantly revives when lie comes to hlackmail Lady Mayfield. It appears incidentally that the capacious warmth of the red-headed lady's affection had foun.d objects to glow upon, even before she took up with the Tiger, for he has a packpt of letters ? written to a former lover, and those he threatens to place in Lord Mayfield's hands unless Lady Mayfield will use her influence with the jockey to get him to pull Caloola'! Let us gasp for breath. * * * # Whilst this exciting business is going on, George Darrell is strolling about the grounds, apropos of nothing, and he suddenly perceives the lidyandtl e Tiger. George withdraws into the conservatory, and the glass panes begin to rattle with the vibration of the air caused by his audibly suppressed breathing. The Tiger seizes the lady's wrist, and Darrell valiantly calls Lord Mayfield'fo the rescue. Whilst Lord'Mayfield is doing the rescuing, George picks the tiger's pockets of tho compromising letters, and, after abstracting one " in case it may he useful," returns tho package to the lady. Why the gentlemanly plunger should commit the contemptible offence which he scorns in the Tiger is net made clear, for so far as the play is concerned, no use is made of the letter. Foiled in securing the assistance of the redheaded peeress of England, the conspirators decide to poison Caloola's hoof, and the method of doing this is certainly original. Tho tiger makes up as a ghost, gets into Caloola's box, frightens both Uorse and stable-boy into fits, and whilst horse and boy are paralysed with terror, injects poison into the horse's hoof and into the boy. The boy dies, but .Caloola, being one of George Darreli'fi heroes, is poison and bullet proof and, undeterred by the handicap of the injection, win? the Derby. _ ; • ; l< • • " The plunger begins now to see his way to his ' glorious aim—his union with the bVokmaker's daughter. He can even trust himself lo teil lior that he is a baronet in disguise, a piece of information which does not lessen her affection for him. All that is wanting now is that Caloola should win the Cup. Happiness is not, however, general, for Lady Mayfield, who again informs the audience that she is a peeress of England, has a secret sorrow. The society ot Toorak does not acknowledge her, George does not bring his fiancee to see her, and life is a void unless the peeress of England is recognised by the bookmaker's daughter. (Excuse us whilst we snigger. Ha! ha! ha! We feel better now.) The conspirators have now got another trump card to play. For some unexplained reason the jockey, Wills, who is in tho habit of "training" in gambling dens, and in a dress suit, has forged Tiger Fletcher's name to a cheque. The tiger uses the forgery to compel Wells to pull the favourite. A • compact is made, and the forged cheque as ft"- wager, is placed, to abide tho issue of the race, in the hands of—George Darrell (!! •), who is very well disguised in appearance, but whose voice would give him away to the densest individual. In possession of tho forgery, George can now insist upon the jockey riding to win ; so ho is willing to accept further odds. The conspirators are willing to oblige him. " What nam© shall w« book it to ?" they ask. GEORGE (pulling off his disguise).—"Hawkshaw, the detective, and the owner of the horse!" Picture and lablmu ! It need hardly be said that, in spite of further machinations, Caloola wins tho Cup by half-a-length, vice is defeated, etc., etc. * * * # Here, of course, the play should end, but another act is devoted to bringing the sco.undrels to justice and enabling the " peeress of England " to gratify her heart's dearest wish to bo recognised by Toorak and the bookmaker's daughter. The first-named end is attained in the visual manner, the recognition of the peeress being, however, achieved iu a decidedly novel way. lady Mayfield gives a ball in her mansion at Toorak, invites society, including the bookmaker's daughter, who is not nearly as proud or as haughty as the redheaded mistress of the Tiger had supposed, and simply paralyses her guests by '• the blue-lmller." This consists of ft dozen sylphs in very blue skirts and very pink fleshings, whirling gracefully around and avo\md a premier sylph, who is attired in black, but suddenly becomes a blaze of rainbow-hued electric lights. This settles the business. Society is conquered, and the peeress of England, tho bookmaker's daughter, George Darrell and the audience are happy. # * * ' « Despite the fearfully and wonderfully-built incidents, we repeat that '• The Double Event-" is a good actable play of more than the average merit. Tho acting all round is first-class, Miss Jennie Lee, especially, making her mark as a barmaid, Nellie White. Excepting, of course, Jo, it is the best thing Miss Leo has done iiere, and shows that she is not yet played out. The lady with the Bartoio7.zi auburn mop finds an excellent representative in Miss Edith Ubmde, and Hiss Ida Herberts is sufficiently virtuous, circumspect and uninteresting as the bookmaker's daughter. Mr. Darrell, himself, and Mr. Charles Urown, George Carey, A. G. I'oulton and Iiunau deserve special mention, and the manner in which John Bryan and Harry Daniels make-up for " Alf. Josephs " and Mossy Isaacs " is excellent. The play is capitally mounted, the scenery is by Uruntou and the representation of the race for tho Cup tho best that has been seen upon the etage. We congratulate the Australian Actor- Author and trust that " The Double Event" will have the run it deserves. ' 1HK MOUNTEHANKS," long threatening, has come nt last, and the I'lincess' Theatre iscrowded to overflowing nightly by audiences anxious to witness the only outcome of the partnership between W. P. Gilbert and the late Alfred Cellier. I he reputations of both author and composer had previously been made, and success was a certain tv, for Gilbert's wolds could not but be l'unny, and t.elJier'e music was equally certain to >e tuneful and pleasing. Tt was, therefore, no surprise to find "The Mountebanks" a hiVhlv amusin.r and eccentric story told to the accompaniment of •attractive music. The scene was laid in romantic Sicily, and as the Gordons, pure and fils, were the painters every effort, was made to charm the eye, which had a further pleasure in dw.dling upon |iie exceedingly handsome dresses in which tho famous characters were costumed. Nothing was wanting to render the success of the first production complete. Gilbert's humorous conceits took the fancy of 1he audience 'immensely, and Collier's music throughout was of that attractive kind that gives pleasure when first heard, and leaves in the mind of the hearer a desire to have it repeated. The management has secured a fairly good distribution of the characters. Some of the female parts might have been made more of, but it would be unfair to criticise the first performance too harshly. No doubt after a few representations, when all the artists have fairly settled down to their parts, there will he nothing with which to find fault. Mr. Lauri is a distinct success as Hartolo, the serious clown, and bis acting as the automaton figure of HamJet is simply immense, lie is ably seconded by Miss Flora Graupner in the dual character of Nita and the Automaton Ophelia, whilst the third mountebank gives Mr. Howard Vernon another opportunity of displaying his versatility. Miss Ida Osborne is suitably provided for in the character of the masqueradiug Duchess, and Miss May L'ollard makes an attractive village beauty. Miss Varley makes Minestra, one of the successes of the pipce. Pressure upon our space compels us to limit our notice to the -further record that Mr. Bracy does full justice to •Alfredo,that Mr. Kyley is seen and heard to great advantage as tho Chief of tho Tamorras, that Mr. Lissatit is better than usual as the innkeeper, that .-Mess'iis. Leutnane, Sceats and Fitzgerald are excellent ' the various Tamorras, that chorus and orchestra are as perfect as the indefatigable M. Citron can make them.and that "The Mounte- Jjanks" scorns good enough to draw business for six or eight weeks to eoine. THE Alhambra Company at tho Opera House— we beg pardon, the Palace of Varieties—have scored a great success with their new Easter programme, which bears the non-committal title of " Salmagundi." The first act is laid in England, at the seaside, and the second in Paris, at an amusement-garden, and the two scenes served as skeleton frames for an immense deal of excellent variety entertainment, some good ballets, and a splendid "act" of imitations of popular actors given by Mr. Frank Hawthorne. Mr. Hawthorne is an excellent mimic, and bis " imitations " were, received with immense favour. Some new scenery has been painted by Mr. Uennings and his assistants, and the graceful ballets reflect great credit upon the indefatigable Stage-mnuagev, Mr. John Wallace. The business during the week has been of the holiday booming type. O.v Saturday next the iiijou Theatre will be re-opened for a season under the management of Mr. Amory Sullivan, when a new play entitled "The Adventuress" will be presented for the first time in Australia. A good company has been secured, and the veteran Mr. Jap. F. Cathcart will be stage manager. The combination is worthy of uote, for Cathcart was Charles Kean's right-hand man, and Kean's Australian rival was Barry Sullivan, the father of Mr. Amory Sullivan. TIIE Alexandra Theatre was re-opened on Saturday night last with "The Green Lanes of Ireland," a piece played a short time back at the Skating Eink, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy. The company include a number of good performers, prominently among them being Tom Huckley, One of the best dancers and Irish comedians we have m Australia; also, a Mr. Goodwin, a young actor who, though he played only a. small part, played it well; Alf Boothman, Misses Ruth Grey and Alice Bristow, Messrs. Lyons, Mayne, and many others, and last, but. far from least, Mr. CriEs.who made quite a feature of bis performance. Times are bad, but with the sixpenny gallery and pit: Mr. Lorck should do well, especially if, as we hear, in the next peice staged Tate and Lionel Harcourt will not play clown and pantaloon. The Alexandra Company are working hard, and their efforts deserve tho encouragement and support of metropolitan playgoers. As might have been expected, people flocked to Melbourne from all parts of the country during the Easter holidays. The result is that business has been booming at the Waxworks, where Phil. Stuart has provided an endless string of novelties. TUK introduction of a new musical instrument might be regarded by Philistine Melbourne as a doubtful blessing, but after bearing the Sorapliina Company, we have eomo to tho conclusion that Mr. David Cope, tlie introducer, may be permitted to live. The "seraphina" is what is called an etherealised concertina, that is to say, it is worked iu the same manner as the picnic- terror, but the music "f which it is capable is very different from " Wait till the Clouds Roll By " and " Annie Rooney." The programme given by the Seraphina Company at the Town Hall was a high-class one, and included Von Sappc's overture, Poet and Peasant," selections from Mozart and a cavatina by "llaff, in addition to creditable transcriptions of old English airs Mr. Cope and his clever company proved unmistakably the great range and power of the seraphina and, judging by the favour with which the new instrument was received by the public, it has come to stay. Interspersed throughout the programme were vocal numbers by Misses Lalla Miranda Hesiforil-Angus, Mr. Jas" Wood and Signor Huzzi, zither performances by Mr. Pfleeer and a ffienm-- solo by Miss Ethel iiiytiton. The conceits on Saturday and Monday were well received by good audiences. Mu. DAVID Corn. JUNIOII, will be heard of as a. composer, and it is undei\\-Ui< ! d he bus perpetrated an opera, but these beautiful Seraphiuas are so absoi biug. Cope's music Iv.isa distinctive ijuality, of high promise. 