The Great f ll-Street Conspiracy. [BY Sn, GILBERT CAMEPBELL, BAnI.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. VWard, Lock, and Bowdon, Ltd.) CHAP'TER XYI.-(Continued). ' Ah,' said the old man. ' I have brought you down with that last shot, at any rate. Now, if you will tell me what you know about him, perhaps, I can give you some in formation that may be of value.' The detective made no reply for the moment, and seemed plunged in pro found meditation; at last, however, he fixed his keen eyes upon the General's face and spoke. ' I am going to tell you, General, what I would not divulge to another living soul, but I know that you are a staunch supporter of law and order, but you must first promise me that you will make no use of what I tell you.' ' Tut, tnt, my good fellow,' answered the old soldier, ' do you think I am going to blab what you tell me all over the place. I'll say nothing; but, look you here, you are free to use any information that I give you in any way you may think proper as long as you don't bring me into it, for I don't want the Albany, or the Bayonet and Binnacle Club to be .dynamited.' 'Very well, then, General,' answered the man slowly ; ' we have had advices from America that there is a most dangerous conspiracy on foot, and that a certain Colonel Hiram Sakeld who was found dead some little time back upon the Metropolitan :Railway was one of the prime movers in it, and that a certain Farrel O'Donovan was one of his tools. WVhother the party to which Sakeld belonged had reason to dis trust him or not I do not know; but I - am inclined to think that he was put out of the way by some means which the doctors were unable to discover., The General rubbed his hands glee fully. 'Go on, go on,' said he, 'I shall astonish you presently.' 'If I could hit upon the originators of the scheme,' went on Wenlock, ' I should do well; for, as you are aware, sir, the Government has a standing reward of two thousand pounds for the discovery of any conspiracy endanger ing the peace of London. Now, how ever, that Hiram Sakeld has gone, it seems as if the thing was without a head. O'Donovan is only a sub ordinate, and I don't yet know where he lives---' ' 13 Marshgate- street,' broke in the General. Had .not Wonlock's face been too well trained to evince any signs of astonishment, it would certainly have done so now. As it was, however, with the same stolid expression of face, he pulled out a note-book from his pocket and copied the address into it. ' Thank you, sir it may come in hiaayi; perhaps; but we want to get at the real head of the conspiracy. Sam Britton, one of the Scotland Yard men, did think that he had got a clue, but it turned out a dead frost, as the actors say. Ah! Sam is a clever fellow, but he isn't quite in fallihle.' ' Ah l observed the General ; ' well, we'll put Mr. Sam out of the question for the time. If you really want to find out who is the prime mover in the plot, the sneaking scoundrel who stands behing the curtain and pulls the wires, you must go to-' 'Yes, sir,' broke in Wenlock, lean ing a little forward, and a transient gleam of interest showing upon his face. 'Go to?' ' To No. 49 Great Grill-street, W.O.,' answered the General, ' and look after a certain Mr. Oraddock Lipthwaite.' The detective's face fell at once, and he shok his head in a mystic manner. ' Excuse me, General,' said he, ' but you're out of it, too. Mr. Lipthwaite was the party Britton had in his eye, but he turned out to be a most respectable gent-a great traveller, and rather in the scientific lay. No, it won't do; and if that is your idea the sooner you get rid of it the better.' . 'You obstinate donkey,' returned the incensed veteran. ' Do you think because a muddle-headed detective makes a statement it must be correct ? I should have thought you knew the worth of ScotlandYard better than that. I tell you that Oraddock Lipthwaite is the man, and that he it is who issued orders to the dastardly hounds who are plotting secret murder in our very midst.' 'Well, sir,' answered the detective * resignedly, ' of.course, if you've made up your mind, there is no use in arguing with you. Of course, if you say Mr. Lipthwaite is the man, you must be right. By the way, sir, do 'you happen to know the nickname by which the dynamite chief is.known to his pals ?' ' Of course I do,' replied the general, who had heard it from Rhoda who had caught it up at the time she ac companied David on one of his errands to Marshgate-street. 'It is-' 'Don't say it, sir; don't say it,' interposed the detective. ' Take a bit of paper and write it; I'll do the same, and then we'll see if our information corresponds.' Muttering an impatient exclamation at this precaution, the General obeyed, and hastily scribbled a word upon an envelope which lay upon the table near him, whilst the detective followed his example upon a leaf which he tore from his note- book. Both tasks were completed simul taneously, and an exclamation of sur prise burst from the -detective as he read the word Revolver upon the en volope which the General handed to him. 'By jingo, sir; you do know something after all,' exclaimed he, as he struck his hand heavily upon the table... DIo . you mean to say that clever'Sar Britton has made a muddle of it after all ?' 'Sit down, my good man, sit down,' returned the General, pretending to show no delight at his success, but succeeding very badly in the effort. ' You see there is no detective like an old soldier; and now, be fore we go any further, I want to explain to you that the person employed by Revolver to carry his order and messages is a young friend of mine, David Acland by name.' The detective, drew a long breath. ' There are not many men in the world capable of surprising me as you have done to-day, sir,' he remarked, 'but when you tell me that a respectable young gent such as I have always considered Mr. Acland to be, is mixed up with these murderous scoundrels, then I do confess that you almost make my hair stand up on my head.' 'I will make it do so' entirely, my man," before I have done with you,' chuckled'the veteran. ' And now, how do you think I came by this informa tion ?' ' That's easy to guess,' returned the detective, a little contemptuously. ' Of course, the young gentleman got frightened, thought he had made an awful fool of himself, and came and made a clean breast of it to you. Ask me something more difficult next time, General.' 'Pooh!' replied the General with such a snort of derision that Wenlock started. ' I got my information from quite another source, from a young lady, in point of fact.' ' Well, sir, you needn't snap off my nose like that,' returned Wenlock. ' I suppose he told her and she came to you.' 'Now, look here,' said the General, 'there is not a bit of use in your pre tending that you can guess how I came by my information, because you can't dn so. If you'll be quiet, I'll tell you; but first, I want to know if you believe in ghosts?' ' Well, sir,' answered the detective, after a short .pause for considera tion, ' I haven't had any reason for going into the question. You see our business doesn't lie much with those kind of things, so, on the whole, I must say I don't.' ' Good,' answered the General, checking off Wenlock's reply upon his left hand with the forefinger of his right; 'and now, do you place any faith in spirit influence ?' 'Do you mean drink, General?' asked the man, doubtfully. 'Pshaw ! I mean will, brain power, the influence of the stronger mind over the weaker,' replied the old man. 'Precious little,' returned Wenlock, with a grin. ' You see, sir, I have got an old mother who is always a-telling what is going to happen by cards, and perhaps that makes me a bit credulous on such subjects.' ' I don't care a rap what you do be lieve and what you don't,' returned the General, irritably; ' and now, if you will sit quiet, I'll do my best to let you know exactly how I derived my information.' Matthew Wenlock sat perfectly still, with an expression of perfect resignation upon his face, whilst the General, as briefly as he could, poured out the whole tale which Rhoda had unfolded. ' And now,' said he, when he had concluded, ' what do you say ?' Wenlock fidgeted uneasily upon his chair, but for a moment seemed to hesitate to reply. ' Have you lost your tongue ?' asked the old man, testily. ' You won't be angry if I just tell you my plain opinion ?' inquired Mat thew. ' What the deuce did I ask you to come here except for you to do so?' was the reply. 'I presume, sir, that Mr. Acland and the young lady are engaged ?' re sumed Wenlock. 'Any fool would guess that,' re turned the General, politely. 'Then, sir, I think that the whole thing is a plant,' returned the detective, with much decision. 'A what!' roared the General, in tones of surprise and anger. ' A plant-just a regular plant,' re peated Wenlock, perfectly unmoved by the passionate outburst that he had provoked. 'You see, sir, the young gent was led away-a bit too enthusiastic. They have been pitch ing yarns to him about the rights of Ireland, a downtrodden people, Saxon tyrants, and all that game, until he went in with them heart and soul; then, when he got a little more in sight into the matters ho got fright ened, and let it all out to the young woman-I beg your pardon, the young lady. Then they hit upon this wonderful idea of will power, and came with it to you, in the hope that, being a tender-hearted gentleman, you would find some means to help 'em out of the scrape.' 'Oh!' repeated the General, after a short pause, as if he had been. engaged in digesting the detective's reply. 'And so that is your opinion, is it ?' ' Yes it is, sir.' SAnd you don't believe in will power ?' 'Not a hap'orth, sir,' was the un compromising reply. ' Nor that the young lady possesses the power which she asserts she has ?' persisted the veteran. 'I don't want to say anything against the youn` lady,' returned Wenlock; ' a woman will do a good deal for the man she is sweet upon.' ' Well, look here then,' answered the General. ' I had my doubts the same as you have, and she simply put them to flight by making Cripps, who was in the kitchen, bring in a plate of raw meat and set it right down in my lap. What do you think of that ?' 'Perhiaps she'd squared Cripps,' began the detective; but the General would not allow him to proceed any further. 'Why, you are a regular un believer; but never mind that. Will you-do your best to help us out of this mess ?' 'Now you put it that way, I will, with all my heart,' answered Wenlock, ' but, look here : if the young lady has the power to make the young gentle man recollect what he has seen and heard during the time he is under this sort of spiritual intoxication, tell her not to use it, or it may do him a bit of harm.' ' What do you mean ?' inquired the old man. 'Never you mind iust now, sir; but take my word, I am acting for the best. Unless almost a miracle happens, Mr. Acland will be in the hands of the police very shortly, and the less he knows about the matter when he is in his sober senses the better.' ' Well, as you like,' answered the General. 'And now will you act at once ?' ' To-morrow I'll open the campaign,' replied Wenlock, 'and make a report of my failure or success without delay. Good morning, General;' and rising from his seat, the. detective took his leave without going through the cere mony of bidding Cripps.farewell. (To be continued.J 