KELIG-IOUS. . " - lb is just 10 years ago since Archbishop Roger BedoVaughan died. On August IB, 1883, tho splendid-looking prelate, while on n visit to England, passed " through a dream to death" at Inco Blundell (Mr. T. Wcld-Blun dell's rosidcnco), near Liverpool. He suffered from heart disease, and just boforo retiring to his room (which had to bo broken into next morning) he turned to his friends and said, "I am very tired, and I am going to havy a good long sleep I" When ono of the servants went to call "the guest" in the morning there was no response, and a little later it was found that the Archbishop had died peacefully in his sleep. Every year since his death a roquicm has been said in St. Mary'?. A memory of the eloquent prelate will always cling around St. Mary's. But for him the structure would in all probability he to-day only a shapeless mass of stones. In two years by his personal efforts ho collected no less than £20,000 for the building fund. In Roman Catholic circles little belief is placed in tlio statement that tho Pope has effected a reconciliation between Cardinal Vaughan, of Westminster, and Cardinal Moran, of Sydney. Those in a position to speak with authority state that the dispute in connection with the burial of Archbishop Vaugluitvs remains was settled five or six years ago. When Roger Bedc Vaughan died suddenly in England, a wire was sonfc from Sydney, asking that tho rcmaius should be sent here for burial. The relatives replied by letter a couple of months afterwards, and it was then decided to take no steps in the matter. Meantime the burial had taken place in the family vault on the Inco Blundell Estate. All the expenses of the interment, down to the sixpenny hatbands, were paid by the Archbishop's executors in Sydney. Some two years afterwards a second burial took place at Belmont — the Archbishop's old monastery — and the whole expenses were paid by Cardinal Moran. In Melbourne tho question has been raised as to what constitutes a 44 pleasant Sunday afternoon," seeing that on Sunday afternoon last at one of these gatherings, at which Mmc. Sterling was present, the subject under discussion before a mixed audience was the matter of the raising of the age of consent for young girls. Mine. Sterling's idea of pleasantness seems to bo that of severe contrasts, for it is recorded that at ono part of her address she was so overcome by her feelings that she burst into tears, and exclaiming " Oh, my God !" covered her face with her bauds. The next moment she had the audience in laughter at an emphatic declaration that if better protection were not afforded all tlio women would havo to go away and live in a land by themselves. \- Writing on "Religious Life in Australia" in the New York/wf/«pe?»/CM/, Dr. E.E.Clark, of the Christian Endeavor Society, says : — " The Congregationalists are strong in spots. In all the leading cities they have leading churches, and some of tho most eminent preachers and religious leaders in Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide are found in this de nomination. But I have not felt that this denomination was taking hold of the masses of tho people as are some others. As in my own country (t trust my brethren will pardon me), I havo felt that some of the Congre gational Churches were Buttering from eminent respectability and intellectual supremacy, and lacked something of the evangelistic fervor." Cardinal Moran will celebrate his 63rd birthday in Rome. He was born at Lcighlin- bridge, County Carlow, Ireland, on Septem ber 16, 1830. It is not generally known that tho Cardinal, as student and professor, passed his life from 1842 till 1866 in the city of the Popes, With respect to the question of ecclesias tical precedence at Government House, tho Dreemu.n's Journal states that Lord Jersey adopted the seniority rule established iu Dublin in 1885, and it is added " if the Catholic Archbishop is the senior prelate in the See of Sydney lie takes precedence, and if the Anglican Primate happens to be the Benior in the point of priority of appointment tho right to 4 go iirst ' falls to him. It is told of the Archbishop of Canterbury that one day, while he was headmaster of Wellington College, the late 1'rincu Consort, attention uy a single equerry, roue over to Wellington ami arrived just as the doctor was about to address his hoys. The Prince expressed a wish that tho master should proceed in his presence. Having with bare bead, as etiquette demanded, shown the Prince to a seat, he turned to tho boys, and replacing his cap, began lecturing them. Just then the equerry hurried up anil nudged him in the elbow. " Dr. Benson," said he. " Yes," replied the doctor. " His Royal Highness is present," whispered tho equerry. " I am proiul to know it," was the answer. Tlio doctor had spoken scarcely another half-dozen words before the courtier again broko in, " Dr. Benson, >ve all re main uncovered in his Royal High ness' presence." 44 I am his Royal High ness' most humble and devoted servant," rejoined the doctor, at the same tiino bowing low, with uncovered head, to the Prince. "But," turning to the boys once more and replacing his cap, "lam also my boys' headmaster." Prince Consort was greatly pleased at Dr. Benson's action. It; is considered an indiscretion to say positively what Positivism really is, because positivism themselves are not quite positive about it, though many outside the charmed circle timidly affirm t hai it spells negativism, whatever it may happen to mean. Dr. Lyman Abbott, Henry Ward Buceher's pulpit successor, 1ms taken the trouble to translate the theology of Positivism as lie understands it into the vernacular of orthodox Christianity, and, as a sort of rcduetio ail absurduni, has reconstructed tho Lord's Braver on posilivist lines us follows : — " Our brethren which are on earth, hallowed bo our name ; our kingdom come ; our will he done on earth, for there is no heaven. We will get us this day our daily bread. We will forgive no trespasses, for there is no forgiveness. We will fear no temptation, for we can deliver ourselves from evil : and ours is the kingdom, and ours is the power, and there is no glory and no for over. Amen." A widow who died last month in Fitzroy ("Vie.) left behind a singular will. Jler estate is valued at £971, all personalty, which is bequeathed in trust to be converted into cash, ami the proceeds handed to tho clergymen for the time being iu charge of two speeilied Roman Catholic churches, to be by them invested, and in luin applied to paying for the services of 44 some Roman Catholic woman of good fame," who shall bo paid at least £1 a week, and whose duty it shall he to attend at the Women's Hospital ami see to tlio baptising, according to the rites of her Church, of all children burn in that institu tion of Roman Catholic mothers. A remarkable work is reported to be going on in Hobart, where vile (lens of the city nave been visited i»y rnuvatnm Army soldiers witli very good results; several well-known places of ill-resort have been broken up, and their inmates weaned from their evil lives. Several of the leading ladies of the city are assisting in this branch of work. Captain Bugshaw, a sort of all-the-world evangelist, is preaching Lolarge congregations in the Masonic-hull, Castloreagh-strect. Ou Thursday he gave a powerful address ou tho distinction between the work of the spirit of (iod m Old Testament times and tho work of the IToly Ghost since Pentecost. Three towns have, within the last week or two, been 44 attacked " by the army of 44 blood and lire " — Swan-hill, in Victoria ; Biugcru, iu New South Wales ; ami Southern Cross (famous for having been the hiding place of the notorious Deeming), in West Australia. The Rev. E. T. Dunslan, of Perth (W.A.), has arrived iu Sydney, to occupy the pulpit of the Pitt-streoc Congregational Church for the next four Sundays, Mi\ Dunstau's new church at Perth, which is being built at a : cost of between £9000 ami £10,000, is to l>u opened about the end of next month by the Rev. Dr. Be van. Tlio Rev. H. M. Danncey, agent of tho London Missionary Society in New Guinea, guvo an interesting address, illustrated with limelight views, to the members of tlio North Sydney Y. W.C.A. on Tuesday evening. The Rev. II. B. Macartney, of Melbourne, took part in the proceedings uonneeled with tho dispatch of a fresh batch of missionaries by the East Loudon Institute for Homo and I'orciiiu Missions last month. News has been received of the safe arrival , in Scotland of the Rev. J. Ogilvio and family, late of the Penrit h Presbyterian charge. The Presbyterian eongregatiouat Liverpool have unanimously resolved to proceed at once with the erect ion of a new church. A special eflort is to be made iu open tho building free .j of debt. Tlio members and adherents of Chalmers ! Presbyterian Church gave a hearty sond-otl' to Messrs. Alex. APKau and George Poole, \ who left by tho Orient ou Monday on atrip l to the old country. I The 20ih annual Christian Conference in .1 Melbourne begins on Monday. The subject l; for consideration is 44 The Fatherhood of « God," and the chairman the Yen, Archdeacon .j Langlcy. "j Tho Indian contingent, of the Salvation ; Army returned to the colony yesterday, ami < are working their way from the north to Sydney, where they are due early in Septem ber in connection with a big demonstra tion. , The relatives of tho lain evangelical Bishop of Goulbum are uhout to erect a rcrcdos to his memory in Gonlburn Cathedral. A nine days' evangelical mission will bo commenced at the Free Church of England, Rockdale, to-morrow evening, the following among others havinu nroniised to assist:: —Mr. Geo. Lewis, Mr, F. H. Wilson, I Revs; Dr. Roseby, N. J. Cock, R. Inglia, W. M. Dill-Macky, Chas. Joucs, E. Moore, and J. A. Soper, together with preachers of the church, Tho interest and attendances at tho mis sion services of tho Rev. J. Wntsford in tho Centenary-hall havo increased every day. Sir. Wntsford conducts a consecration ser vice to-night, and preaches on Sunday _ morn ing aiul evoning, and conducts a Bpecial ser vice for men only in tho afternoon. The mission continues Monday and Tuesday, closing on Tuesday night. The Potersham annual Christian' Confer ence, to be presided over by the Rov. T. B. Tress, commences on Monday afternoon. According to the telegraph reports in tho Now York JJcrald from Montreal, the recent 44 religious riot" was caused by a speaker at the Christian Endeavor Conven tion, who is described as having "boldly stated, in the most frequented part of a Roman Catholic city, that the mother of Christ was an abandoned woman." Another speaker, the Rev. »S. V. Karmarthar, a cou- vortcd Hindoo, compared Roman Catho licism to tho idolatry of Hindooiam. Prior to this the delegates had been received by both Catholics and Protestants with the greatest enthusiasm, and from the pulpits of tho Catholic churches the priesthood had asked their congregation to do everything to weleomo and entertain the Endeavourers. The mob was a small one. After some stone- throwing the mob was quickly dispersed. The Rev. Dr. Francis E. Clark, president of the conforencc, condemned the men who had raised sectarian strife and repudiated their utterances. Addressing the assembled dele gates he said : — 14 1 speak for you all when I say that there has been no intention or do- sire on tho part of this convention to insult anyone, to hurt any of their religious feel ings, or to decry their creed. Is that not your sentiment V If so, show it by rising." The whole audience rose and cheered. The Rev. Hugh Young, late assistant minister at tho Hunter-liaillio Memorial Church, has returned from the country much better iu health, though still far from well. Tho Presbyterian charge at Parramatta will be preached vacant to-morrow by the Rev. Robert Jackson, M.A., of Granville. Mr. Duncan Wright, the successful evan gelist of New Zealand and Victoria com mences a scries of special missiou services iu the Congregational Church, Norton-stroet, Summer-lull, to-morrow. The Presbyterian Church at Young has been renovated at considerable expense, and will be re-opened by the Rev. W. G. Eraser on the 27th inst. The Rev. Alexander Smith will be welcomed to the Presbyterian charge at St. Marys on Tuesday noxt. The Rev. D. M. Barnct, son of Mr. James Barnct, E.R.I.B.A., late Colonial Architect, has left tho Nainoi Presbyterian charge for Narrandera, after seven months' successful work, amid many expressions of regret. It has been definitely decided that the Rev. Thomas Cook, tho popular British Weslcyau evangelist, shall sail for Australia in March next, to conduct a seven months' mission. To-morrow will bo observed as Temperance Sunday by the Anglican churches through out the Sydney diocese. The Aiiv. Mark Guy Pcarse was very ill when tlio last English mail left. A report gained considerable currency in London to the effect that Mr. Pcarse and the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes contemplated retiring from the Weslcyau ministry. Both gentle men have denied the truth of the report. Mr. Pearse's reply to an interviewer on the subject was that ho had 44 no intention of leaving the Wesleyan ministry at present." 44 At present" may be taken as cither sug gestive or sarcastic. The lutcst development of the mounted brigade is an ecclesiastical corps called "Cavalry Curates," in connection with tlio Church of England. The experiment, according to a London contemporary, is to be tried Iirst in the northern counties. In out of the way districts, where the popula tion is scant and sparse, small chapels of iron or other material will be constructed, in which the services will be conducted by 44 Cavalry Curates," supplied with lithe and strong ponies for the purpose, who will not only preach in half-a-dozen places on Sunday, but will arrange to hold galloping ministra tions during the week. They will not. of course, be dressed up in rod coats and white helmets, for advertising purposes, but simply be tho hard-working "Cavalry Scouts" of the infantry clergymen. This is the latest energetic advance movement on uio part of the Church. 