Wtii anb -§)itmar. 'Hamlet' is a play for all time. It will never give up the ghosb. ''Did you know his business had run down ' 'I supposed so. I heard lie was going to win.d it up.' Wh'alt is it that is round and sound, and just a pound, and yet doe3 nob weigh an ounce? — A sovereign. .ne — uo you iQinK it possioie ipr a man to love bwo women?' She — 'Nob if either of them should find it out.' Clara — 'Thai's an awfully becoming veil you have on.' Maude— 'What makes you think so V Clara — ' Because it's bo thick.' She— 'I suppose you would have been happier if you had not married me?' He — 'Yes, darling, bub I wouldn't have known it.' Mother — ' Willie, don't you know it's very wrong to play with your soldiers on Sunday f' Willie — 'Bub, mamma, this is the Salvation Army.' Ola Gentleman— 'Does that dog love you, little boy ?' Little Boy—' Yer bet he does. If he didn't he kaowa I'd lick the life out of him.' Maud— 'Mamma, what is this National party that I read so much about f Mamma — ' Some vulgar entertainment, I think. No body in our Bet is giving ib.' Mr. Impressionist— ' Thab's my last, there on the easel. ? Now that is a picture, Squibs !' Squibs—' Yes, I know it's a picture ; I can toll that by the frame.' Stivetts-*'The German investigators are experts in bacillus hunting, aren'b they?' Whiffet — ' Well, wouldn't you naturally expecfa ger'm man to cholera microbe?' .Little Boy — ' I saw you kiss sis, and if you don't give me 6d. I'll tell.' Young Man— ' Here s bhe tanner.' Libtle Boy — 'Thanks. Thab makes £1 I've made this season.' Briggs — 'Isn'b thab the same suit you had last year?' Griggs— ' Yes, and it's the same suit that you asked me last year if ib wasn't the same Buit that I had the year before.' 'What is a plagiarist?'—' A plagiarist is a genius with an appreciative regard for other people's 'brilliancy, coupled with a modesty that) shrinks from avowing his own wide reading.' Railway traveller— 'Why, there's no meat in this sandwich.' Barmaid — 'Oh!' Railway traveller — 'Don't you think you'd better give thab pack another shuffle, and let me draw again?' Gilbert— 'I know a man that seldom gets less than 50 love letters a day.' Fanny — ' Goodness gracious ! Do I know him ? Whoisib?' Gilbert— ' Yes, you know him-; it's the postman.' Mrs. Keene— 'There are times when I wish I were a man.' Mr. Keene — ' ? For instance '{' Mrs. Keene — 'When I pass a milliner's window and think how happy I could make my wife fay giving her a new bonnet.' ' Aren't you afraid of catching some terrible disease, doctor, in the practice of your profes sion?' . 'Ob, no, never. lam well inoculated. Before I went into medicine I was a cricket player. I never could catch anything.' Lazy bricklayer (looking through skylight of offices)— 'Well, I've been a-looking ab them ?three clerk chaps for the last' hour, and they haven't done a stroke of work. It's a darn shame to rob their employers that way, I eez.' Foreigner—' You say your country is well adapted to the development of talent. Do your artists and literary men meet with suc cess f The American Citizen — ' Well, I should say eo. Yon ought to read the ad vertising matter they get up.' Every man should always write as plainly as he can. Once upon a time a ycuug man wrote to a girl, 'Your loveliness has inspired me to ask you to become my wife,' and she read it 'loneliness,' and gob so everlasting mad that she refused him by return of post. The following advertisement is said to have appeared in an American paper: — 'Cholera, cholera, cholera. When the cholera comes prices will be high. Buy your coffin early and avoid the rush. Seize the opportunity and get a good article, and one that will suit you. The undersigned has the finest stock of coffins ever offered for sale in this town.' The story is told of a schoolmaster who was determined nob to discourage his pupils by abrupt corrections. One of the boys was asked to give the English of the word 'niger.' ' White,' was the prompt reply. ' White,' answered the school tna&ter; ; ' yes, you mean a sort of grey,' a misty color, a dark neutral tint — in fact, black. Yes, quite right; 'niger,3 black. Go on,, next boy.' Father — 'Your school report is generally good, but you are marked very low in deport ment. Why is that ?' Boy — ' I always for get and stand on one foot and rest the other on a railing or something, when I recite, and teacher marks me for that. I told her I couldn't help it, and she said maybe I inherited ib.' . .'Inherited it?' 'Yessir. She said that's the way men stand when they are talk ing over a public-house bar.' The following stereotyped bub nob highly original remarks could be overheard ab every step at the races the other day : — She or He-^ 'Isn't ib bitterly cold?' He or She^ 'Awful, but not eo bad as ib was yester day.' She or He — ** I do hope ib won'b rain.' He or She— 'Oh ! I think it will keep up.' As examples of the brilliant conversational efforts of the educated classes towards the close of the nineteenth century, the foregoing is a very important specimen. A good story is going the round 'about a poet who was asked by a stranger, to whom be had just been introduced, who was the poet of the day, the questioner explaining that he had been put of the way of hearing about such things for a few weeks past. ' There is bub one poet now,' was the response; 'Ibis I.' On further enquiry ib appeared thab the pceb who thus arrogated to himself an exclusive title had as yet published nothing, but had a book in the press ! Women have a many faults, Men have oply two ; There is nothiDg right thty sav, And nothing light they do. But if naughty men do nobbing right, And never say whaVe true, What precious fools we women are To love ttem as we do. His Pabt. Tommy— 'Say, Tubby, wanter join our theatricals?' Tubbx (delighted)—' You bet I do.' Tommy— 'All right; come round to the barn to-night. We're goin' to play * A Moon lrght Crime,' an' we wanb you t' stick your head over a fence,''' ~&, -s Tcbbv— ' What for 'A V ~ _^,-- - XOMMY-.^Th'ffOOD,'! £^! 