THE GIFT OF PAIN. Grey dawn, tjrey night, and in between, No blessed zenith gleam of perfect light, No field for Hope or Memory green, Born and unborn, all desert for the sight. Sameness of life ; the common daily lot Narrow and sirall ; no wayside wells of cheer, The weary spirit hath no trysting spot. No kind one waiting its completion near ; God bre»k my path, give so TIP new thing. If roses may not be, or ways of gold, E'en briars were answer to my clamoring. So life be not a tale all told. I aske l a stone, and, lo, life's bread Like Israel's manna broke my fist, And gave a feast t > joy, instead Of thorns on Sorrow's forehead cast. 0 well of life, oasis kind ! Tha desert is the mirage now ; Filled is the temple of tbe mind, Ambition sits upon the brow. O well of Love, the heart is fresh, A thousand flowers around it twine, Grand glory for a thing of flesh. To know one life hath nead of mine. A thin^ of flesh—a thing of flesh indeed, Time proves the desert is of dust. Thï quiet sp rt was shrivelled like a real. \- The hot wind singed it in a single gust. A quiet spot, a quiet spot ; instead A sand drift heaped of sorrow,an! if pain. A m iund of passion's ashes changed and dead, The laud mark of tha mirage on the plain. Oh gleam of hope, worse than no gleam at all. Heart made of clay, affecting nob'er things Life gives, life takes, the waiera -turn to gall All things but piin fledge azare- cleaving wings. 1 sit alone beside my well of tears, My passion ashes and the m-'rige ghost, I see the Ion? persistent stretch of years, And not one real light from barren coast to coast. Kind calming years, my hair is white Fronj touch of thee and sorrow's touch, Thy long hand points a rife in ^ugh*, A rift suggesting worlds of ligat. Ani having shown re y weary vision such, Thou "n&urmnrest;, -'Yonder waiting for thy sight, Pain givps thee patience." Lo, the {sand Was sand no more or life a bl^nk, Nor hope a myth ; the distant land Is land indeed. S ) life is planned Where joy or dearth will call no thinks, Pain puts in God's the blind oae'sliau d. 