SIR RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORY. Sir Richard Owori had two ' remarkable glioat atories, whioh it was a high privilege to hoar him relate. The ono about to bo recorded here was perhaps the bettor of the two ; but ita: quality can scarcely bo judged of when detaohed from the peouliarly expreaaive Rtyio 1110 oiu proieaior had, whioh added ' a oliarm to hia tolling of the story.' In hia;oarly days,: when' lib hold tho post of Burgoon to tho prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and n post mortom as wclina nn inquest wore necessary. Aftor tho inquest, tho young surgeon saw tho body put in tho coffin and tho lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen hod at the tune been already atlraotod to tho study of comparative anatomy, nnd negroes' heads wore not. plentiful ; so lie made up his mind that this ono should not. lie loBt to tho oauso of soicnce. - In the evening lie returned to tho prison with n blaok bag contain ing a, brick — ffrom bis official position he had no difficulty, in gotting admittance to tho mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed, and screwed down agnin. During this process tho briokand tbo negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent ;and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length — the bag went from his hand, and tho head tumbled out, and rolled down tho paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head clutched it just as it finished its oareer in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into tho bag ngain, he vanished out of the shop with all tho speed he was oapable of. Next morning, wlion Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, ho was called in by the woman at the stiop where tho acoident had occurred on the previous ovoning. She wished him to see her husband, who wns very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night beforo that caused him to look wild and dazed liko. The man, it turned out, was a rotired sea cap tain, who had been in many adventures among tho West India Islands, when many deeds were dono that did not nt that timo require to bo ao- counted for. Among those had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had loft a touch of troublo on his consoicnce. Aftor giving these details tho old captain told of the horriblo event that took pdace the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiot, and it so chanced that ho had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly ho saw his very head roil into tho shop in front of tho oounter, and it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bng in his hand. Tho dovil snatched up tho head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. Tho description was, perhaps, not quite compli mentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far tlmt it showed'" that- his' identity had not beon recognised.— Daily News. " 