A MURCHISON GHOST. A gentleman in Adelaide sends us she fol lowing extract from a letter written by Mr. It. C. Oox, who has been, for some months on the Murchison:-"The overseer of an out fetation on the Murchison and I have just corns into camp after being oat tracking horses. Three or four niggers belonging to the station "were oamped a "mite down Coonarbie Greek. We had finished supper And were sitting alongside the camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, oalmnoes reigning eublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle of a horse or sheep bell . and the chirp from a crioket, when we were startled by shrieks from the niggers, who came flying into oamp and dropped down on alt lourp behind as and the breakwind fireplaoe. On questioning the darkies about thisoutory fend rush all we could get from the trembling and paralysed blaoka was ' Mun dong, mundong,' the meaning of whioh is ghost or spirit, something unoonnnon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light half a mile from the. camp amongst the mulgas, where, sure enough, we could see something like a firestisk, suoh as the niggers generally carry when going into the bush after dark, 5ust trailing along quite: gently about a foot from the gtonnd- All at onee it stopped, and simultaneously there fliokered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure yon wo two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done eo noiselessly and'mysteriously that ithadqaite a weird effect. At last my mate pulled out liis revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly had the report died .way when every light was extinguished. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their mia-miaa, but they would notjnove from the shelter of cur camp. Next morning we inspected the j eito of the previous night's mysterious illu minations, and there sure enough were the remains of the fires, but not one single traok or footprint could we or the station niggers find, land there lies the mystery. You will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra oame in from the bush with her pickaninnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. .Questions elicited the information that this supernatural being was like an ' emu with a blackfellow's bead.' The blacks up here are a splendidly made lot, the women more so than the men. They are peaceably inolined." The writer jbhengoes on to describe the burial of an old j native chief thus" He was a patriarch they called 'Governor' here. After doath the blacks all stripped naked, and with their weapons danaea and howled until they were forced to drop from sheer exhaustion. At midday they dug a hole and raised a monnd *vhere he died, hung all his weapons and belongings on a tree alongside; his lubras carried the body a mile down the creek to a Bandy patch ; the men dug the grave with fcheir gundas, and the women made the breaks around with tnrigB; the men smashed the limbs of the old man in two, and buried him all in a heap; they then built a fire ronnd the grave and lett. Then they set out in searoh of the imagined murderer, although (hb old fellow evidently died of senile deoay?' 