Oar London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate London, SeDtember 21. 1893. Mi Dear Ci^ea, — I did not tell you anything last -week about the sensations in the Lords over the Home Bale Bill, did I ? Well, better late than never. - It was all so Exciting, and papa eays it will 1)6 historical, and so, of course, you antipo dean dear, you must not be left without some particulars of these important and tremendous proceedings. Well, first of all, I must tell you that their Lordships have accepted a moat wonderful innovation. The musty, fusty, old fashioned, antediluvian old darlings, have actually consented to having their dark and mysterious acts and deeds illuminated by the electric light. Fancy, up to now, their lordly legislative labors have been lighted by wax candles only. A regular Noah's ark arrangement don't you think ? MMqnm remarks that my ob servations savor of flippancy, and says that ' a soft light turneth away wrinkles and .is most becoming,' and then I eaid 'everything is most becoming to you, dear.' Then she said, ' I was a flatterer/' and she 'thought her pearl necklace (which I was so fond of borrowing) was a little too youthful for her, and that I might keep it ' ; and now I am more than ever persuaded that my own particular n-t'nn'* is just the nicest possible thing in mammas. Well, of course, you know it is all over, the deed is done. The Lords threw it out, not exactly out of the window, but very nearly so. They were really quite violent, or as nearly violent as such relics of the dark ages could be. And we all feel the same way, the printer did when he got the last bit of: copy of the celebrated John son's 'Dictionary.' ' What did he say ?' asked the great lexicographer of the boy by whom he had with a most polite and grandisonian message Bent it. ' He said, sir, thank God, I've done with him at last.' It was a great scene in the gilded chamber; the floor of the House was suffocatingly crowded. Everybody was there. Archbishops and bishops, and dukes, and marquises, and earls, and lords of every degree, availed themselves of their here ditary rights and privileges, and pushed their way in. They put away from them the delights of partridge shooting and the charms of Don caster, and stayed in town and did their duty like men. The Duke of Fife left Mar Lodge on Thursday, in the middle of the premier gathering, came to -London, voted in the division, and then fled back northwards. Lots of peers who had never appeared before (joke), came up and took their oaths and seats for the first time, and lots came who had not been in side the House for years, and the policeman on duty gave up the idea of identifying them, and said: 'When we seest a feller in a velvet jacket, with side pockets, and. he says 'e's a peer, we lets 'im in.' The Marquis of Waterford, lame and invalided for years, was brought down on his bad. Before the trumpet sounded the call 'To arms,' Lord Salisbury went softly up, took a seat on the woolsack, and had ' a chat with the Chancellor.' The steps of the throne were occupied by bands of daring and ambitious individuals, if one may be allowed to. designate such salt of the earth as individuals. At least they took possession of two steps, for thus far may the bold intruder advance, and no further. The peeresses' gallery was full to 0vej-fioj£ing,and looked most brilliant with crowds of lovely women in every conspicuous extrava gance .of evening dress, and blazing with diamonds j among them were the Duchess of Devonshire, Countess Cadogan, Countess Spencer, the Marchioness of Londonderry, Marchioness of Waterford, Countess of Denbigh, Countess of Bantry, Countess of Bomney, Countess of Lindsay, Countess Cowper, Lady Iveagh, Lady Braseey, Lady Tennyson, Lady Eibblesdale, Lady Kelvin, and Lady Monteagle. Earl Spencer moved the second reading of the bill. He sported a voluminous white waistcoat, and the red beard of ' The Bed Earl' seemed redder than ever. It was all very brilliant and exciting, and all the rest of it, but so fatiguing. Fancy it was seven minutes before midnight before the House divided, and in 35 minutes the members were out, majority against the bill 378, and then we went home tired to death ; but papa was jubilant, and said 'the Marquis of Salisbury had saved the country.' That's all very well; perhaps he did, but he was deadly dull, and it remains in my mind an open question which is the greater calam^Dy-*-ro loose the country, or listen to his speeches. Thank goodness, while I am debating this momentous issue with myself. I fall fast asleep. Last night we were at ' the Proms ' — that's the slang for the promenade concerts at Covent Garden. We had a box — so nice. ~No trouble to dress, you know. There was such a crush ; the theatre was just crammed, and the pro gramme — a distinctly, desperately, difficult, classical, selection,- and there the spell- bound multitude stood and listened with real, and ex pressed, and exquisite, and untiring delight to such airy trifles as Schumann's symphony in D minor, and the Pastoral Symphony, and some thing tremendous of Wagner's. I can't tell you what it was — -I lost the programme — bat it was something that nobody could possibly understand, and now I remember, the name on the bill looked something like bad language, and it left one with a feeling of general uncertainty about; the feet, and a decided lightness in the head. I may be low in iny tastes, but I certainly felt that I could with, pleasure give something considerable if any kind'luoatic in the audience wotM strike up ' Ta-ra-fa-boom-de-aY ' for a change. This summer will not only go down to posterity as the very hottest ever known out of Texas and certain popularly ' supposed adjacent regions thereto, but it will be also distinguished as ' The Blue Bag ' solstice — not the cerulean receptacle affected by the limbs of the law, and the attending and sometimesjrevolving satellites,but the dreadful color distorter, used with 'such prodigality and deadly effect by your laundress, 'end which not only tints your linen but your language. At every garden party, river party, ob picnic, when you are rowing, or racing, or riding, or driving, when you are tennising, or croqueting, or cricketing, or walking, or sauntering, or sitting down, or stand ing up— or, in fact, engaged in any out-of-door occupation, - the one anxious and ' sudden thought,' inquiry made, has been, ' Have you got the ? ?' and here the questioner would whis* per, and the questioner would nod, in a reassuring way, and a big sigh of relief goes up from the girls as the Martha— the royal remembrancer — the useful member of the party stops, and disin ters from the deepest depths of her silken and voluminous reticule, a tiny, tiny oil silk bag. She slowly pulls-it open ; we peep in. It is there with joy we recognise it, our salvation, 'the blue bag.' 'What for?' yon ask. Why, for the wasps with the biggest ' W ' that was ever eeen. All the wasps of the world, with waists of the smallest and yellow stripB of the broadest have come' to us. They came in swarms, in clouds. They fill everything and every place. They hide themselves in and find a home near the heart of the choicest fruit. You eat your peach, but you cannot eat your wasp. He stops in the middle of your throat to sting you. When you wash yoor hands yon find him efcucfc on the under side of the cake of soap. He haunts you. He nestles in your back hair, just at the nape of your neck. ' You feel' something tickle. . You think with horror -of earwigs. You make a sudden grab; you. catch the thing. It is a wasp; it stings your fingers, and you let it go. He site and sings in triumph on the pet curl of your fringe. . He looks into your ears; he wake? yon up in the morning walking on your eyelids. You are never free from him. Every place is fitted with the; very latest patented up to date traps, designed for hie especial benefit, into which every other insect and creepy and crawly and flyey. thing walks, and is incontinently caught, but never a wasp. Learned men in long and scientific and supremely dull papers tell us that the wasp is a timid thing, and that it stings from sheer nervous ness.' That's all very well, but I know which beginn to* tremble - the soonest when the Btangey personage and I ? meet alone and unprotected. The wasp always has the best and busiest time of it, I shriek and fly and he flies too, and invariably catches up and on, and there ie nothing left for me to do but to cry my eyes out and to rub the place with 'the bine We did not go to Doncaeter. I don't believe anybody did, and from what lean understand it was also flat, stale, and decidedly unprofitable for thelooal people, who; m a rule, soaks }uj enough in one' week to render themselves independent of the8un'8raysfortherestof the year. There was no speculation about the Leger. Everybody knew that Isinglass was going to win, and, of course, he carried everybody's money, but, fancy, at what a price — 95 to 40 on ! There were bo many things against the success of the meeting, chisfest among them being the local strikes, which have gobbled up all the spare cash of the enterprising Tyke. Then there was no H.B.H., the light of whose countenance does so much for the noble sport. Then all the best people were in London, exciting themselves over 'The' Bill. Then the weather was so hot, and the journey is so long, and the ground was understood to be so hard, and the^-weU, you know the sort of things that crop up— and the end of it was— we did not go. This is the silly season, you know, and some thing stupid alwayB crops up. There is a great talk just now about 'The cult of the uncanny,' and the business of ghosts, and spooks of all kinds, is looking up, and the look out is most en couraging for the promoters, &c;, and Mr. Stead's 'Julia' is really too busy for anything. We certainly seem going back to the middle ages (mamma is ' looking over,' and she says ' middle age' is not a nice expression; that I should say 'mediaeval).' For two sane corpora tions (I suppose no corporation could be collectively insane, and besides the shares are all 'paid up,' but that does not always denote sanity, does it ?) have Bent out two men with divining rodB to try and locate water in dry places. Would jon like to know how the Queen passes her days at Balmoral ? Well, I will give you the particulars of one; you will have a very fair idea of the remainder, ior they are as nearly as possible all alike. At 8 a.m., her Majesty is aronsed by the 'dresser.' Then she hasa cup of tea, or coffee, or chocolate, and some dry toast. Then the curtains are pulled aside — (the windows . are always open)— then the Queen reads her family letters which each morning are placed on a revolving table at the bedside. She opens them with the same ivory knife she used when she was Princess Victoria, lhe first question asked of the attendant is 'How is the weather?' and the report regulates the subsequent proceedings of the day. At 9.30, the Queen, wearing a soft morning wrap, breakfasts in the pavilion on the lawn. The favorite dish is a freshly caught and fried Deeside trout, those about a hands length being preferred, During the breakfast the piper plays; but allowance having to bo made for the royal digestion, he is stationed a quarter of a mile away. At 10.30 the Queen has a change of toilette, and at 11 she goes out in the pony chair. The pony is led by Francis Clark, a stalwart Heilandman, the successor of John Brown, whose grave she visits one day in each week, and upon which on her arrival at and departure from Balmoral she places with her own Imperial hands a wreath of fresh flowers. At 12.80 the Queen returns from her drive, and has an egg beaten op in milk, some soap, and a little fruit. Then, assisted by her private secre tary and the Minister in attendance, she devotes one hour and a half to the public business of the Empire, Then her Majesty takes luncheon, which is her best meal of the day. Then she reads the papers ; after that she indulges ia 40 winks. Then more toilette, and she drives out for the afternoon. If the day is fine (everything necessary being taken along) her Majesty drinks tea in the open air, in some previously arranged point of the drive. If it is wet, she will stop at a cottage and drink tea there. She often shops at Mr. Symons's, the only store in the village, and bays tea and sugar and little comforts for her particular pen sioners. On her return to the Castle she spends an hour with the grandchildren. They come down in batches, and she tells a story or has a game with them, and nearly every day she brings them some little present. After this a little more rest, then more toilette, elaborate this time, and at 8.45 dinner; after which there is a rubber of whist or a gams of picket, and perhaps a little music, then a little solitude, ? and her Majesty retiree at 1 a.m. M. Saint Saens's Biblical opera, 'Samson et Dalila/' was to have been presented at Covent Garden on Wednesday, with full choral and orchestral effects, but it was found to be impossible to get it ready, and it has been postponed. The eminent composer has been in England for a fortnight directing the rehearsals. Mdlle. Sanz Trill sing Dalila. The opera was written in 1871, and this part was first given by Mdita. Yiardot Garcia at a semi-private performance in 1872. The ladies and gentlemen engaged in the cast of the new Gilbert and Sul livan opera, now m rehearsal at the Savoy, are Miss Nancy M'Intosh, MiES Brandram, Miss Florence Perry, and Miss Ocren, Messrs. Barring ton, Denny, Scott Fishe, Gridley, Haswell, and \- PaEBmore. Sir Arthur will conduct the premiere. The operas to be performed on the forthcoming tour of Sir 'Arris's Italian Opera Company are ' Cavalleria Busticana,' ' I Pagliacci,' 'L'Amico Fritz,' 'Les Huguenots,' 'Orfeo,' ' Lohengrin,' and 'Carmen.' The Worcester Festival has been a failure this year. Supposed cause: The 'No-novelty-and-get-your-choruB- from- Leeds' expedient. The London Conference of the Institute of Journalists are, among other delights, going to get plenty of music. A classical concert at the Crystal Palace on Saturday, on Thursday night at the Imperial Institute a grand popular vocal concert, supported by Mesdames Ella Russell, Antoinette Trebelli, Palliser, Helen Trust, Giulia Valda, Giulia Warwick, Nancy M'Intosh, Balle Cole, and Hilda Wilson, Messrs. Lloyd, Piunket Greene, and Santley, with Messrs. Bird, Wadding ton Cooke. Clatsam, and Lane Wilson as conduc tors. On Friday night a concert by the students of the Guildhall School of Music ; and on Saturday (to take the classical taste out of the mouth) there is to be a grand festa, a la Chevalier, and Mrs. 'Enery 'Awkins, assisted by about 40 artists will entertain the conference of which Mr. Russell, of the Glasgow Heel*xd, is president this year. Maud : He asked me to marry him, bat said he ' had orlya broken heart to offer. Gladys : Surely you did, not accept him under those conditions ? Maud : Oh, yes, I did. His banking account ?was sound enough. Good-bye, dear. Your loving cousin, KATE. Fhhb Public Libbabt.— At the usual monthly meeting of the trustees of the Free Public Library, the following statement was. submitted to the board. — For October, books were taken out from the lending branch classified as under: Natural Philosophy, Science, and the Arts, 811 ; History, 712; Biography, 681; Geography, Voyages and Travels, 1182; Jurisprudence, 144 ; Mental and Moral Philosophy, . 247 ; Poetry and the Drama, 177; Prose Fiction, 1804; Miscel laneous, 1329. Total, 7037. For the period from January 1 to October 31, 1893, the number of tickets issued was 5019. The total issues to country libraries were 124 boxes containing 9720 volumes. To the lending branch the number of visits paid was 56, 246, and the num ber of visits to the Reference Library, 128,418. .The total visits for 10 months was 174,664. 