Cbc _s>{?îmeç ¿Homiiis fêtrato. MONDAT, APitIL 17, 1893. \--r».,.-. - ?? Uro» comiuK of ngo the young King of Servia, Aloznnder I., executed a. coup d'etat at Belgrado, lúa capital. Ho dismissed tho two Regent«, M. Jovan Bistitoh and Oonoral .Tovan Belt-Mnrko vitoh, and tho Ministry of M. Avaeumovitch, confining tho dismissed Regent« and Ministers in the palooe at Belgrado. I___owrs_ th'ia aotiou tho King issued a mani- festo to tho Sorvian pooploj in whioh ho denounced tho recent rulers of tho country for having be- trayed tho Constitution. Tho Sorrian «ray supports tho King. 1_r_ intorvoution of tho young King in the politic» of Servia is believed to be the work of. bis father, the o«c-King Milan, who ia in Pans, and, of ii Dokitoh, -hoiu Alexander has summoned to form a Ministry Tup Skuptschina, tho Barrían National Assembly, is to I- dissolved forthwith. Xho now Mimitry will bo rndionl ^ lira Benian army has talwn tho oath of allegiance In Suvla tho general opinion is thnt tho eli ingo v. ill prove- a snhitarv ono, since tho lit ¿routs «.s ero go«, orning -without ii majority Russia ia acquitted of blurao in connootion, with tho 01 ont M Dokitoh, tho now Frontier, ia King Alexander's tutor Tub C. ii of Russia, who is suffering from roflumza, is very indisposed, and is confined to ins bod Sin TnAMJS Hevhy Jeune, Judge of the Pro bato nnd Divorco Division of tho High Court of Jusli-o, has summoned tho Don agcr Duohess of Sutherland on tho ohargo of seizing oortnin jinpore , at Stafford Houso from tho administrator and putting thom into tho fire I*j commenting upon tho finanoiul position m Australia tho London Obnei i n* says that tho whoro energies of tho boat mon in tho oolonios will bo required to rOBtoie confidenoo and finan.ial stability, but tho task is not boyond tho stiergth of Australia Tice movomont in favour of a gcnarnl strike, whiuh was o-derod by tho labour party in Bel guim, is extending throughout the country Han. artisans aro annod Barricades have boen thrown up in the streets of Brussels Tim artisans _n strike aro greatly irritated by frequent oolUsuons with tho gcudarmos Muoh bloodshed has taken placo, and many of tho strikers have been seriously wounded Imel-iokkos has reached Berlin to the effeot that tho uoii of Tippoo Tib has conñrrood tho report from Uganda that Emin Pasha was mur- dered 12 months ago It is stated that tho wholo of his expedition «a as massacred In South Australia on Saturday tho polling took placo in 23 out of 27 electorate» for the Houso of Assembly At a moot ng of 3000 London dockers it wa« decided to atriko to-day lu conjunction with tho striko* of tho Seamen's ned Firemen's Union at Hull Mn J H WnsoR, Liberal member of the Houso of Commons for Middlosborougk, threatens to call out tho Liverpool dockers Uwixo to legal points -onnootod witb its charter somo delay has taken place in tho negotiations towards tho rooonstruotion of tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. Both sharoholdora and depositors favour reconstruc- tion. Til- London Tinto says that tho faot that tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank had been careful in tho selection of its business oatltlcs it to moro support in tho endeavour to resusitate tho institution. Ik Landon the litest quotations for bank shares are :-Bank of Now South Wales, £59 10s ; Bank of Victoria, £6 10a ; London Chartered of Aus- tralia, .{12 ; National Bank of Australasia, £6 ; Queensland National Bank, £5 10s. SrEAKTNO in tho dobato upon the motion for tho second reading of tho Homo Rulo Bill in tho Houso of Commons, Mr. J. K. Redmond declared that , tho alternativo to- Home Rulo consisted in tho dis onfraueliis-iuont of Ireland, and tho government of tho oountry by military despotism. Titb English wihoat market is changing slightly ' for tho worso. The Continental wheat markets are dull, and the American wheat markets aro unchanged. Ovttko to tho outbreak of smallpox at Perth and Froniantlo all vessola arriving in Molbourno und Adclaido from Frnmautla will bo subjeotod to striot qnarantino rt\g_lationa. Mb. D. "Wi-st-i. tho dairy export sent to London by tho Violdiria» Government to study tho condition of tho V-t'ter and cheoso trade, has advised tho Oovcrnmaat of Victoria to accept tho offers of the Orion- jvnd P. and 0. companies to carry agricultural produce next -cason. Tros " corner " in tho Chicago wheat trado con- tinues. Many operators aro embarrassed. A co.NTiiAOT has been catered into by tho P. and O. Company with Caird mid Co., of Greenock, for tho building of a now stoaoior of 7500 tons for tho Australian trade. Tira Government of the Argentino Ropuullo baa granted tho oxtaidition of Mr. Jubo* Spencer Balfour, lately M.P. for Burnley, who fled from England and took up liig nuidenoe in tho Argen- tino Ropublio. Os tim Association Cricket Ground on ^Saturday ihn Belvidere and University > Cricket Club» com 'muncod a premiership match. lu their first in- ning« tho University players wore disposed of for 31, and wham «tumps vero drawn Belvidere had scored GO ruas without tho loss of a wicket. Tub London wool soles oontinuo with a firm demand and keen competition. A race between the 22-footer Latona and the 24-footer Matura was sailed on Saturday under the auspices of the Johnston's Bay Sailing Club. The Latona won by 4 minutes 25 seconds. I The Rtnkes and tropbif» won at tho Sydney Hunt Club'h Masting: at Etindwiok on Saturday amounted in valu« to over £100, and tho leading prizo, £00 and n «liver oup; waa secured for Mr. B. E. Fenwiok by Criterion's porformnnoo in tho Steeplooboso. A Dundee whaler reports that tho whaling ex- pedition to tho Antarctic, which »at out from tho Falkland Islrcnds, hua provoil a failuro. Plenty of whales wereunot with, but thoy were not of tho Greenland land. An ioebcrg ¿0 miles long was seon. Bau «ilvor is quoted at 3s 2d par ounce, standard. Tick bad condition of tho Britannia's apples has injured tho market. A portion of tho Ophir's shipment realised .from 8s to 10s, though it was far superior to tho .Britannia's shipment. A btnqlb woman mamed Mary Borns, employod by Mr. Rjbcrt Barcuay, of Whar,-road, Oonoord, was found drowned on Saturday in a well adjoin- ing: tho house. The question of tho disposal of bodies by cremation has been brought nndor the notico of tha Govornmont in uproposal submitted by Mr. S. Pollitzon. According to tho design under con- sideration, two hours would be required for the treatment of ou o body. With to-day's issue is published our fortnightly summary of news for Europe. The Australian-broû bay colt Martindale won the Olaygate Plato of 100 nova., ono milo, at the seoond day's raoing of the Sandown Park second spring mooting. At tho Sonth Bulli Colliery, the difficulty be- tween tho managnmont and tho minora has beon nrrangod, tho miners having consented to aocopt a reduction of 2d per ton all round. Fannt Tuenee, a widow with eight children, attempted to commit suicide in the harbour at Hobart yesterday morning. Thb members of the country party intend to ho'd a demonstration at Wagga, where tho mani- festó of tho party will bo made public One object of tho party ii to confine tho coloot'on of laud to legitimato settlors, and to throw every obstaolo in the way of " dutninyism " or trafficking iu land. Ouk St. Petersburg letter appears on another page. Vest little business was dons on tho Stock and Share market on Saturday, but generally thero | was a bettor feeling owing to tho 'confirmation of reports of an understanding between tho local banks. . On Saturday tho Customs reooipts amounted to £2-84. Towards this the 10 per ocnt. ad valorem duty contributed .{375, and tho 15 per oent. £87. r.-i . --_*_rrr Of course, ovoryono knows that the Por liamemtary session which is not yet closed, and of tho closing of which there is not yet any sign, is the session (bolonging to last year. But it is almost in-possible to believe that anyone, in Parliament at any I rato, realises tho full menning and offoot of this plain statement of a familiar faot. The Assombly is, in the fourth month pf the year, only ontering upon the fringo of a portion of tho business of last yoar, which for overy reason that can bo con coived ought to hiivo boon doalt with and settled boforo its close. But this business is now, at this unnatural and ill-ehoson time, being advanced a stago one day nnd withdrawn the next, and played with by the House and the Government as if no weight attached to it, and timo woro in no way an olomont in its conside- ration. And yet some of the mon who aro responsible for this confusion aro heard babbling about tho urgonoy of this measuro and of that, and of tho need for passing " usoful legislation." The one thing clear amidst all this muddle and wasto of timo is the absence of any sign that either the Qovornment or tho House has any real porcoplion of the funda- mental and ossontinl principio that the business ot Parliament is a businoss of anticipation. At one timo the IIouso is led by tho Government ; at another the Government is led by tho IIouso ; but, as n rulo, whoever may load nnd whoever may follow, thoro is no stoady recognition of tho neod for preparing carefully for tho wants of tho futuro, so that drifting hither end thither, as the dominent influences of , the day may determino, is the charactoris 1 tie of the session. The contiuuanco of this process much longer cannot fail, with thoughtful mon, to biing_ Parliamentary govornmout, as it is administered in Now South Walos, into contompt. Ono chiüf difference bolwoon civilisation and savagedom is to bo found in tho fact that, whilst tho formor looks forward and provides for tho futuro, the latter contonts itself with mooting as best it can tho wanto of to-day. Thoro aro doctrines pro- pounded nowadays by reconetructors of society which point to tho gradual restora- tion of those happy timos whon oach man hunted for himself, and took his chancos of gotting food or going without it day by day, proud in the consciousness that ovorybody olso was on tho same level. Is it a foreshadowing of i tho fulfillment of theso ideas that tho work-or tho play-of Parliament is con- ducted in a somowlmt similar manner ?. No ono knows, day by day, whJl tho day will ivrinn. 4Vs,-tb rPl. bo almost nbjoct in its submission to tho dictation of*opposing majorities, or it may mount a high horse, and declaro that if tho Houso shows too much independence it "will know what to do." Again, a small group of solf-assertivo talkers, calling itself n party and gaining for tho time soma moasuro of support, will round up tho Government into a corner, and oracle tho stockwhip as if to tho monner born ; but a day passos, tho Government hints at what under certain contingencies it will do, nnd tho stockwhip io stowed away, tho shouts and outcries cease, and tho spirit of complaisance nnd thaukful nost rules. Moanwhilo tho business of the country is thrust asido, and hour» aro spout over tho discussion of tho rights of nina. The stnto of things prevailing in the Logislativo Assombly for somo time past is without a parallel in the history of responsible government in this colony ; and, so far as our rocoUoction of tho courso of affairs in o thor colonies extends, it is without parallel in the caso of any of them. Various influences may have contributed to tho production of thoso results, but underlying thom all lies tho failure to por coive or the refusal to acknowledge that tho business of Parliarhont is tho business of anticipation-tho business of preparing with foresight and discretion for the requiremouts of timos to.como. It is impossiblo to carry tho business of one year over into tho next year, to do the double business well, and to avoid over- crowding, confusion, and complications when tho next yo.ir comos. This could hardly bo done if tho Ïïonso consisted only of ablo and experienced men, animated by strong public spirit, and freo from sellish or party aims. But that is not a deseriptiou of the As- sembly as it now stands, for in -J-.--«, ,-.-...-r,-£, and tho confidence that comos from want of knowledgo aro found thoro in suoh pro- portions as would causo perplexity oven under tho leadership of btrong and nble men. But tíús Govommont, handicapped by tile woaknoss of its position on accept- ing ofllco, and relying for strength upon tho ohanoo of effectually blackening the reputation of its predecessors, bogon its caroor by putting off tho work of tho year and crowding it into the noxt. Instead ol' making early provision against coming diíücultics, it nllowod important business to drift ; and a policy of drift has been its policy evor since. Parliament ought, if Uio traditions of oivilisaiion pre- vailed, to bo shortly anticipating and pre- paring for tho noods of 1894. It has not yot, in tho fourth irpnth of this ytnr, entoiod soriously into tho businoss of 1893; and between the official Government and the uuoflicial Government that tolls it what to do when apparently it docs not oxactly know, tho dato for tho closo of that business is beyond the scope of con- jecture. The last suggestion thrown out is that revised Estimates should bo sub- mitted and disposed of in masses, instead of in detail. Hero is u striking illustration of the tondency of tho attempt to govern with a majority of tliroo to destroy any true sonso of tho noed for timely preparation for futuro work. Tho business of greatest urgoncy is put off ns of slight importance, until, begun in mistako, a i'rosh start has to bo made, and thon, whon further miscalculations are discovered, thcro is to bo anothor start, and it is suggested that the Houso should forego the special functions the discharge of which it is supposed to tako pridoin. It is truo that tho Houso is incompetent to ontor upon a discriminating and detailed reorganisation of offices and salaries in the public sorvico ; but the constitutional «."In in tr, ",,1,,-if flin TT-timotn« in flntllil to the Assombly, and it would boan abuso of tho Constitution to allow this rulo to bo sot aside because, through the indifferonce of tho Govornmont and tho House to the necessity for timely preparation, there soemed to be no opportunity for detailed consideration. Month aftormonththopublio servioe is carriod on by moans of supply bills, which prcsont the oxpcndituio in the muss, and hardly admit of more than porfunotory discuesiou. But thoro would be a worse scandal if, following and extending tho samo line of action, the detailed Estimates for tho year woro convortod into a sort of aggregation of supply bills, and disposed of in a cor- responding manner. As wo havo con- tended before, the publio interest is en- dangered by the continuance in office of a Ministry with a majority of throe. The danger has boen as manifest for some time past as if some mysterious hand had written tho words of warning on the Assembly's walls. Such a Minis- try cannot afford to act with fore- sight and careful preparation. It has to hold itsolf, in readiness to nego- tiate daily emergencies. And a House 12i«i«tfHttËiv¥!fe_ in which the- direction of 'affairs passes with irregularity and un- certainty into the hands of different kuots or Sections wiion they can manage to olly thomsolvds with one or othor of tho chief parties, is not tho kind of Houso to corroct tho deficiencies of tho Government, or to insist upon having tho work pre- paratory to future usefulness done in its propor timo and in a regular way. Tho banking position in these colonies during tho past fortnight has boon serious, though it might have been much worse. , The Commercial Bank of Australia closed its doors on Thursday, the 30th March, and did not roopon after tho Easter holi- days. On Wednesday last tho English, Scottish, and Australian Ohartered Bank suspondod payment. One was a Victorian institution, with shareholders' capital amounting to about £2,000,000, nn'd doposits totalling £11,000,000, doing business iu four of tho colonies. Tho othor was an English bank, with paid-up capital and roservos amounting ' to £1,225,000, and deposits to the ostent o£ £0,758,000. That institutions of such magnitude should havo closod their doors without creating moro oxoitomontismattor for congratulation. That it has not boon followed by a run is duo to the fact that depositors and others havo quickly reoog niscd that it was a mistake. In the case of tho Victorian institution both classes of its capitalists-shareholders and depositors have unanimously sanctioned a proposal for reconstruction which, if effected, is calculated to placo it on a very strong basis. Tho Euglish bank also proposos reconstruction. It is matter for congratulation hore that neither of thoso banks had a largo propor- tion of its businoss in this colony, and still maro that noithor had its headquarters in this colony. In so far as tho local business was concerned, thero is reason to boliovo that it was satisfactory. Thoro is nothing hore to give riso to a scare, unloss it is tho remembrance of the occurrences of eighteen months back. A prominont banker has roitorated what wo havo frequently pointed out, that no dopositor has lost anything by any of tho banks of issue doing businoss in Now South Wales. There have boon no condi- tions hero to croato approhensiou of loss present or prospective, by any of our banks, such as to justify a rush on any of thom. And assurances conveyed warrant us in saying that omorgencios havo boon provided for. That being so, a scare would hurt tlioso chiefly who gave thomsolves ovor to it. In looking at tho causes which led to tho collapse of tho banks roforrod to, the prevailing want of confidonco is vory apparent. It cannot bo too strongly in- sisted on that all institutions which are supported by other pooplo's inonoy can only live by confidence. Tho destruction of tho spirit of trust means tho dis- ruption ot tho relations between borrowor and londor. And this is a sorious matter in a country in x which inuoh of tho business is carriod on by moans of borrowod money. Eighteen months ago institutions with £2,000,000 or £8,000,000 of doposits were engnged in land nnd building operations. When people bogan to withdraw this money we attempted to arrest the senro, because it soomoti to us that to break up solvent businesses would throw property on 'the market, needlessly doprooiato valuos, and generally disorganiso. tho conditons of borrowers and lenders, leading to rosults which would probably reacli oven banking intorests at homo and abroad. If thnt has happened, thero is all tho moro reason why those who are coucorned in upholding the eredit of our still existing institutions should take warning and prevent an extension of tho trouble. Contidenco which ought, if pos- sible, to havo boon uphold in the sound institutions of that timo should bo main- tained in nil that survive. As wo pointed out eighteen months hack, tho banks live on borrowed monoy, and in thoir donlingu with others in a liko position tlioy ought to bo extremely considorato. If they noodlessly or carelessly allow ono of their number to collapse, they aro not morely striking at the holders of the paid-up capital of tho institution, who may bo said in a sonso to bo their rivals, hut the)' aro prejudicing the depositors who havo supportod it ; they are disturb- ing tho borrowers, who in various enter- prises aro building up nativo industries ; uioy aro strnting a oiow airoctiy at tno country, whoso crodjt, as bankors, itisthoir first duty to maintain. Thoy may allow a rival to sink, and think that thoy will couio out top and pick up somothing from the wrecks;of those that havo gone. Much moro than that will happen. Tho liquida- tion of a bank, by throwing properties on tho markot, by embarrassing industries, by tho destruction of struggling enterprises, by tho wasto of labour and capital involvod in changos of ownorship or agency, aud by tho sacrifices of forced sales, will involve, losaos affecting dopositors ' which will roact on thoir own, and produco disastrous consequences to tho gouoral community of borrowers,who aro perform- ing a very important part of tho work of colonisation. This is u timo when thoso concerned should think of moro than the fiimplo policy involved in letting a rival go to tho wall. The banks may havo thoir own £25,000,000 to do what thoy Uko with, but thoy havo £175,000,000 of othor people's money in trust. Except, porhaps, tho comparatively small amount of this which was lont by ono or. two institutions in inflating vnlues in Melbourne, tho bulk of it is in uso in supporting the solid and substantial industries of tho continent. Nothing lins occurred to load us to boliovo that the securities on which it has boon advanced are not gonorally as valuablo ' as at tho time of tno advances. Bank depositors havo also thoir respon- sibilities nt tho presont timo. If thoy chooflo to wreck particular institutions, thoy aro pickling a rod for their own back. Many of thom have learned this from what thov did for the solvent, thouch temporarily impocunious, land and build- ing compnnios. But for their fears thoy would have boon recoiving a full interest rate for doposits, and tho feolhig of unrest in Sydnoy would not have boen what it is to-day. If now depositors chooso to wreck particular banks, thoy will feel the loss from a roducod interest return in future While in certain directions thero is íieod loss and expensive rivalry" in banking, depositors mny well oonsidor what is involved in tho suddon withdrawal of con- fidence from tho younger institutions. In tlioso days, no doubt, thero is a tendonoy to tho agglomeration of businesses into hugo undertakings. . But monopolios subjeot a community to risk. In withdrawing confidence from any partioulnrAinstitution, doposit-rs and tho publia will have to be prepared to accept whatovor may be in- volved in tho reduction of the measure of competition. It may be replied, indood, ? that as the banks are associated in upholding common ratos, very much is not gained by numbora. Still probably < something is, and if tho public is going to score any moro of them out of oxistenoo it. will do so at the oost of whatever is < .1 * involved in a reduced number of banks. It used to bo said that there was room for the formation of a new bank every few years. The later tendencies have been in tho direction of larger banks. If -the new order of finance is to be represented by fewer and larger banks, on all accounts it would bo hottor that the change should b» effected by voluntary amalgamation rather than by a collapse under a scare of tho weaker institutions and a gathering up of tho wrookage by the stronger. Temporary advantages to the continuing banks moy ' , present themsolves as the probable result of allowing banks to fail; but, in view of all the ramifications of banking oporations, tho real interests of the shareholders of every bank and of the borrowing and lending community would lie in taking ovor weak institutions as going concerns. And British investors in-colonial insti- tutions, as well as British critics of colonial finance, have also thoir re- sponsibilities. Had thoro boen a sensible roticonco upon the action of tho diroctors of tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartorod Bank in writing up tlio vnluo of its promises, at a time whoa ovorything relating to colonial banks was scanned with ongorncssby an apprehensive public, it is hardly too much lo say that tho bank would not havo olosod its doors, for everyone sees that tho rua was caused by the absurd depre- ciation in tho valuo of its 'aliaros consequent on that criticism. If tho bank mado a loss of £200,000, as admitted, it was not very material whether it was written off roserves or added to bank promises account. The aggressivo criti- cism in regard to this and othor features of colonial finance, duo to ignorance of colonial conditions, is very largely respon- sible for tho prosont want 6f confidonce and disturbance in the banking world of Australia. And if British deposi- tors loso by Australian banks, thoy havo thoir own press to thank for contributing to it. We hnvo already oxpressod our satisfaction at the action of tho 'lime* in sending a correspondent to Dioso shores to oxamino their conditions a little moro minutoly than thoy aro com- monly looked nt by tho literary globo, trotter, and as the results of it we have alroady had sensible letters and criticisms, anA jr. tv.» "ns.t:n..i~- ~«,t- - -1 ?»_«. __ ,._._ f-iuuuiai ui-tK» u gtuiunu outburst of penitence in tho cries for recon- struction of our banks, which British criticism has done so much to wreck. Tho statistical reports which wo recontly published respecting the export of woi4 and other products from tho several colo nios show an interesting feature in the position of the colony of Queensland. That colony has recently evoked considerable sympathy on account of the heavy disasters caused by the floods, and it will bo nil tho moro Îileasant to many to noto what a silver ining there is to tho cloud in the substan- tial progress tho colony has boon making. In respect of the domostio oxport of wool, wo find that for the first timo that colony takes second placo among the continental colonies, coming now ia this respect next to Now South Wales. And this has boon but tho regular expan- sion of a growth that has been procnoding for a number of years. In 1880 that, colony ranked but fourth on the list, com- ing after South Australia. Ten years after, having doubled tho value of wool exported, it took third place, having passed South Australia by nearly a hundred por cent,, and taking third rank on tho list. Ia 1801 Queensland still occupied tho third position, though fast closing up tho dis tanco between it and Victoria ; but in tho l.st year it has wiped out the differenco, and gone a good way ahead of the Southern colony, taking, as wo have said, the second position, that next to Nsw South Wales, in the oxport of wool grown within its boundaries. But this is not the only roraarkablo evidonco fur nishod by tho statistics as to the steady advance of our Northern noighbour. For with tho unimportant ex- ception of Western Australia-tho volume of the trade of which is inconsiderable Queensland is tho only colony that has shown an increaso in tito value of all oxports during the past yenr over that ui mu } our pru-tiumg-, ui- ""puit- iiutiug increased from £8,305,387 mvnluoinl8.1 to £9,170,-108 in 1892. These oro remark able features in tho progress of any country, and thoy suggest tho fact that despite the inûuencos of oither gonoral depression or disaster, a colony with so vast territory and so varied resources ii dostined yot to take an exceptionally pro- minent plnco in tho odVanco of Australia. Tho coup d'état in' Servia possesses in-' torest for tho world only from the fact of the little kingdom being in the hotbed'of European anxioty. Any unexpected move; mont in that 'corner of Europe ex- cites suspicions of intriguo among tho parties to tho Enstorn question, and conjures up tho ghost of coming trouble In this caso, howover, thors seems nothing involved but a palace émeuU, or at tho worst a readjustment of tho relations of parties in tho domostio politics of tho country. Tho young Kingia a lad in his seventeenth year, a yoar and four months short of tho date of his legal majority nt oightoon ; and at a bnmiuot 'hold in honour of his suc- cessfully passing nn examination, ho, boyliko, bothought him of throwing off tho leading-strings and had his two guardians put under arrest. . As his new Primo Minister is hiB precoptor, who lind just put him successfully through his Little-fio, the influence of the school- master shows out ns au olcniout in this outbreak of incipient Ciesariem. Tho wholo thing is of courso un- constitutional, and iuvalid so far as tho law goes, but as tho peoplo liko it, and tlie unuy has pronounced on the side of tho boy King, that sotties tho niattor. That thero was no outside influeuco at work, und csnocinllv no Hussion pulling of the strings, is uatisfactiry so fur aa tho rest of tlio world, and, indoed, tho littlo Stato itself, aro con- cerned. That Russia had nothing to d» with it is oloar in tho uaturo of things, for tho eovp d'état is tho exaltation of the anti-Eussinn faction. Tho cabio says that tho Regents woro ruling without a majority, and tho position appears to bs . this. The lato Ministry, .that of Ava KusiovrrciT, belongs to what is known al tho «Liberal or pro-Ru8«ian party, which is very weak in the State as well as in the National Parliament. It had como into power last year _ in consoquonco of dissonaions in the Radical or pro-Austrian Ministry of M. pAcnrrcn, though in tlio Parliament thon oxisting there wofo 113 Badical members against^ l8 Liberals and two Progressists. At tho lato elections last month, a* we wero told by cable, notwithstanding violent measures to repress tho Radicals, they woro again in tho asoondant. _ In othor countries a vote of the IIouso might be oxpooted to solve this difficulty, but the two Kegonts, Ristitch and Vurron, evi- dently sided with the Ministry and hold itin power, notwithstanding that the country in a general olootion had, as ,on former ooeauons, pronounced ovsrwhelmingly in favour of the Badical or pro-Austrian party. It is the siding of the Eogonts with tho party unpopular in the Parliament and the country that has led to their overthrow, and the boy King-or his schoolmaster for him-had felt the pulso of the country, and seen that it was ripe for a coup tPéíat, which was really, though in an uncon- stitutional way, restoring the rule of the majority in the State. A youth of sixteen and a half at the head of a State, surrounded by such combustible materials, is not a very reassuring factor for tho political rest of the Balkan Poninsnla. But his tutor, Dakitch, now his Primo Minister, who so successfully piloted the lad through his examination, and the much moro critical business of overthrowing the Eegenoy, may perhaps be expected to keep him from burning his fingers. A keettmo of the Reform League was hold at tho Australia Hotel on Friday afternoon hut. Dr. Carroll presided- A discussion ensued upon tho sdoption of tho manifesto, in which Messrs. Ü. W. O'sullivan, M.L.A., john Young, J. A. Stanley Adam, John Haslam, It. T. A. Innes, and ethers took part. Ultimately, on the motion of Dr. Carroll, the manifesto wa» grouped under fivo head», for tho convenience of thoso wishing to seo clearly tho aims and objects of. the Reform Lcagno's platform of polioy as already put forth. Mr. £. W. O'sullivan, M.L.A., explained his desiro for a coalition of parties to eottlo tho present disastrous and ohaotio state of affairs in tho government of tho country, pointing to the success attending tho coalition Government- of Victoria, Queensland, awl Now Zealand. Mr. J. A. Stanley Adam pointed oui that in thoso colonies tlio fiscal ispuo had been sottlcd boforo suoh steps «vero taken towards coalition of parties, therefore it was most important that a dissolution of Parliament should take placo with tlio viow that an appeal to tho country would determine this vital and vexed question. Tho majority of thoso present wero opposed to tho proposal of coalition, as it was not part of the lie form Longuo's programme The "seal policy of tho Reform Leaguo, which ia at present an open question, was debated, and ad journed On tho motion of Mr F B Gipps It wus decided that branch, eleotion committees of tlio Iieform League bo loaned m each electorate The members of the " Country Party " intend holding a demonstration at Wagga, when tho "manuesto" of the party will bo mado publio Jlr Gormly, Mr Sheldon, and ono or two other members of Parliament wal leave Sydnoy for Wagga by the mad train, this evening The mani- festo, wo understand, proposes nothing of a startling nature Uno object of the party is to confino the selootion of the land to legitimate rottlors, and to throw every obstacle in the way of " dummyinn " or trafficking in land It is sought to prevent owners of largo estates from seloetmg An endeavour is to bo mado to do away with tho ballot system, and a hint will be thrown out that tho "Victorian system should be odoptod of placing all applicants on one footing, and sending the caso on to tho Land Board to deal with It will bo recom- mended that soleotion, bo centred in given district« as far an possible, ami it will bourgod that with that object tho neighbourhood of towns should be chosen whero there aro already railways and "othor elementa of civilisation " It ovos thought that tho eastern portion of the Central division should bo thrown open first, and with referojeo to tho falling in of tho Irasos it ia maintained that if they aro not renewed tho lessees should have tho uso of tho land allowed them until it is required for settle- ment. The proposed division of the loases as sug- gested in Mr Copolandfa Land Bill is objected to Tho " country party ** is only a small one at preaont. Tra outbreak of smallpox ia Western Australia has been the subject of sovenú telegrams, reeoived by the secretary of the Boord of Health, from Perth The lost telegram to hand stated that there had been fivo nore eases, making 10 m all All the eases were isolated, and tho health officer had been instructed to examino all outward-bound passengers. At a meeting of the Board of Health hore to consider tho matter, it was dooided that Western Australia should not bo declared to be an infected place within the meaning of the Quaran- te« Aot provided an undertaking woro given to examino all passengers leaving the port, so sa to prevent tho possibility of infeoted persons going away, and from the telegrams now to hand it appears that tho Western Australian authorities havo agreed to carry out this suggestion The disposal of bodies by cremation has been brought under tho notion of tho Government in a proposal submitted by Mr. S. Pollit-er. Accord- ing to tho design wliioh has boon forwarded to the tho Govcrnmc_.t two hours would be required for tho treatment of ono body. Thus, to moot the necessities of Sydney end suburbs sovoml such works would bo rcquirocl. Tho details, which are now being inquired into by the Government, will be mads public later on. The Monowai, in tho Union Company's American Uno, will leave to-day for San Fran- cisco, taking a larger number of paasougors than any direct steamer to the land of tho stars and stripes from Australia. Another mail steamer is due hore to-day-tho Valetta, from London-and «-ill berth at the P. and O. wharf. Tho well known old ship has about 80 pawengcrs for Sydney.- On the run out at Suez it was ascertained ' that the M.M.S. Yarra, with the China mails, was disabled owing to a collision with the steamship Lyoia, of liverpool, in the Suoz Canal, and tho Valetta had to tako tho maila (402 bam) to Colombo. To tho transfer of the mail matter and the unexpected incident is due the lateness of tho mail steamer's arrival at Albany by several boura. In the original list of passengers from Brindisi was Sir JolinHudson, K.O.B., Commandcr-in-Chiof of tho Bombay Army, who landed at Aden. It is several months since the Valetta waa in Fort Jack- son, and sinoo last July-she bas done good sorvioe in the Bombay Uno. Captain R. F. Briseoo, R.N.R., is in oommand. On Saturday last at noon tho R.it.S. Arcadia sailed for Loudon. In addition to au exceptionally large patronago in tho passenger department . tho steamer has taken moro wool than might bo expected at this end of tho season. Thero were 2200 bales on board, and a good ship- ment of preserved meats, as well as a full line Of ' hallion. Advice is to hand of the arrival of tho Orient liner Orotava at Albany, and her departure for Adelaide. Hor mails will bo dolivcrod here next Wednesday, and tho eteamor is due later in the wook. Keepino well in front of the times in the ocean carrying trade, tho P. and 0. Company has just ordered another largo mail steamer from its favourite buildors, Messrs. Caird and Co., Limited, of Greenock. Sho will bo rather largor than tho" Himalaya and the Australia, tho two latest additions to tho flcot, and is to bo very fast. It is wonderful the strides that have taken place in a few years in the speed and tonnage of ' the P. and O. steamers in tho Australian service alone. No sooner were the Viagnificont Jubileo vessels Britannia an' Viotori» launched than the Arcadia and Oceans were pat on the water by the Belfast builders, Moss». Harland and Wolff. Now a vessel scarcely inferior.in »izo and power to the finest of the Atlantic linen is to be added to tho fleet. The Abordeon White Star Line steamer Damas- cus is now on her way to tho Cape of Good Hope, having cleared from HelDoarno. Tho vowels of this line aro becoming popular with passengers, and as it is tho only line from Australia calling at the Gape, there ia usually a demand for berthing ?pace. Leaving Melbourne the Damasous had over 100 passenger» exolusive of taloon, principally for Capetown. Many of these aro bound to the diamond holds, whilo others, finding times a little dull in theso colonies, purpose changing tho «cent with a hopo of brighter thing« existing in the African colonies. In the homo-going list of passengers aro Mr. Stephen Thompson, of the arm of Messrs. George Thompson and Co., owners of the Aberdeen Uno, and Mr. Henty, of Messrs. Parbury, Henty, and Co. An exoursion to the Hawkesbury River was mado by the s.a. Sydney on Saturday afternoon. The pleasure-seekers were landed for an hour at Dangar Island, and returned to Sydney shortly after 8 o'clock. Two races under the auspices of the Bowing Association were contested on the Parramatta Bl vor < on 8atnrday afternoon. The Maiden Eights Itaee for the Referee Onp waa won by the East Sydney representatives, and this dub also proved viotorious m the Junior .Fours. Both events wore contested from start to finish, and in the Fours East Sydney had only an advantage of a quarter of a length. ? An exhibition row of the intercolonial eight waa given, and was watched with interest. Foxlt 300 visited the "World's Pair" in St. Benedict's Hall on Saturday evening. The un- precedented success of lost week has led the com mitteo to continuo tho fair until next Saturday. At St. Kieran's Churoh, Goldon Grove, Dara lington, yesterday afternoon, the Bight Bcv- Dr. Higgins, assisted hy Bevs. J. Carroll and B. Carey, blessed the new bell recently presented to the church by Mr. Moran, of Rose-street. The Bishop delivered an address. OoNSiDsiuniE attention was attraotod on Satur- day to the shop of Messrs. Gebühr and Pewtress, florists, 111 King-street. A lady floral artist, who recently arrived from London, has-been engaged by the proprietors, who «tate that in all kinds of flower display her work will, they antici- pate, be found to bo unequalled in theso colonies. Tho display in the window on Saturday morning fully bore out this assertion, for it would be difficult to conceive a moro oxquitito display of floral tasto and skill, Tho background was composed of dark moss, and upon this woro arranged a number of specimen« of bouquets, sprays, and wreaths. Among theso was a very beautiful spray com- posed of tho red blossoms of tho cactus dahlia, set off with autumnal-tinted oak leaves. A gracefully arranged vaso of rosos was a notable exhibit, but tho chiof feature in tho window was a lovely posio composed of Comtesso de Bertha roses arranged in the latest London style. Mention must also be mado of a bunch of pretty little whito flowers of what ia known as tho Lily of the Valley trco, a native of Now Zealand. It is »aid that there aro only ono or two specimens of this plant in Now South Wales. A rnESEKTATioir .was made in th« Exohange Hotel on Friday evening by the employees of the firm of Moss». Macron, Stewart, and Co. (late Gibbs, Shallord, and Co.) to Mr. T. D. Chamberí, who after a connection with the firm extending over 20 yean has retired. The presentation con- sisted of an illuminated address and a gold chain by the general banda, and a gold pendant by the momben of the composing staff. A cüjrpLrjtBisTABT picnic to Mr. Inspector Hooking, inspector of schools, Parramatta, took place on Saturday. Leaving Circular Quay at 11 a.m. the party (teamed into many of the bays, and thon landed at Fig Tree Point, when a repast was prepared by the City Buffot Company. Mr. Murray, of Wentworthville, occupied the chair, and Mr. M'lntyre the vice-chair. After the toast of " Tho Queen,1'the chairman submitted the toast of " Our Guest«, Mr. and Mrs. Hocking." Mr. Small (Parramatta) read a valedictory address, and presented Mr. Hooking with a suitably in scribed gold watch ; and Mr. M'Intyre a jewol casket and a beautifully-mounted emu egg to Mrs. Hocking, on behalf of the teachers in the district lately under the control of Mr. Hooking. Tros agent of the London Missionary Society received a cablegram from London on Saturday requesting Captain Turpie, of the John 'Williams, to proceed to England on important business connected with the society. As the message was not altogether unexpected, arrangements have already been completed, and the chief officer, Mr. Mitchell, will take command during Captain Turpio's absence, so that the chango will pro- bably not delay the departuro of the ship for more than 48 hours. The vessel will leave Hoff Dung's Wharf, as previously announood, at 11 a.m. to-day for Donblo Bay, under Captain Turpio's care, in order to give Captain Mitchell as much time as possiblo to prepare for his now duties. The f onnor will proceed to England at an early date. A short sorvioo will bo held on board before tho vessel leaves the wharf. It may bo stated that the John Williams has the whola of her stores aud supplies for mission stations on boord, and will leave Syd- ney a full ship. She will, on her present voyago, as she did last year, call at every station of the London Missionary Socioty in tho Pacific, and will also convoy to Kew Guinea, as volunteers for mission service, about 20 married couples from the training institutions at Samoa and Ruratonga. Mies 0. H. Eraser, of Adelaide, who is about to proceed to America for tbb purpose of attending two conferences, preached ti large congregations in the Unitarian Church yesterday. In tho morning she chose for the subject of her disoourso " Enoch and Columbus," and at the evening sorvico she dovoted her remarks to " Tho Democratic Ideal." lu regard to the latter subject sho said that the plutocrat, like the aristocrat, loved to monopolise what was pleasant, beautiful, and luxurious ; but the true democrat wished for nothing which his fellows could not share with him. Speaking of hospitality, she said that in Australia it was the discovery «f gold that had chungod the simplicity of tho early days. They had causo to bo thankful that in Now South Wales thoy had State-owned railways. State owned telograph lines, an eight-hour day, and 1 strong labour unions Australia was really * moro advanced in doniocrutio ideas and " in democratic institutions than America was 8 In reference to tho different classes of r persons in the community, she said that it was 3 the lady who could not light a fire, cook a dinner, 1 nor iron a shirt to save hoi life, who regarded hor B solf as so mnth superior to the " lower creatures " 1 She did not agree with the n ildidcas of the Socialists, as expressed in their " reconstruction of society " s theory, but she fatourod the principle of social \- voluntary oo-opcration The nationalisation of l all things was not desirable, even it it were prao 1 tioable, because In her opinion most of tbo «a oik of s the world was beat left to the individual I Mb. F W H Pbaboe held a sale of oil paint ? ings by the well-known artist, Mr Lotus Frank, 1 on Saturday afternoon ut his studio, tlio Baden ' Baden Grounds, Coogee Tho wholo of the pictures catalogued for that day woro disposed of * at prices ranging from 2 to 45 guiness. ? A emoiE woman named Mary Brown, aged 28, m tho employment of Mr Robert Barclay, of , Wharf-road, Concord, was found drowned on Saturday in a well adjoining the house Mr Barclay saw her nt about fi p ra gettn ,<. w ood for the fire, and st about Oo'clool ho imuod her On * looking into the woll he found her bo ly there, and immediately sent for Dr M'Neil, of Burwood, who pronounced life to be oxtmut i MiaiUEl Jossrn O'Coyvob, 30 years of age, , died somewhat suddenly on Saturda«, n» tho rosi t dence of his brother-in-law, Mr J Quin, 127 Don ling-street, Woolloomooloo O'Connor had 9 boen suffering from consumption for about seven t years Ho rushed upstairs at about a quartor i past 11 in tho evening, having lyon seized with a violent fit of ooughing Mrs Quin saw b'ood flowingfrcely from his mouth, nndO'Connordiod In I about a qnartcr of an hour Dr Ellis wus sent ! for, but death had taken piuco beforo his arrival > A M-EEO-n escapo from drowning and a rcsouo i were, on Saturday afternoon, > witn«ssod at Circular i Quay With several others, two boys wcro sitting on a narrow lodge at tho sido of tlio offices at tlio Munir wharf, and whxto playing thora one t of them foil into tho water In his offotts to savo I himself when falling ho caught boll of a boy , named Thomas Knight, nnd ho too fell into tho j water Koithor of tho lads oould swim, and both t immediately sank A young man named Henry Matthews was near tho wharf at tho timo and ho i and another man immediately dived in from tho [ top of tho iron railing round the wharf Matthews i caught Knight, and the other man succcedod in i obtaining a hold of tho second boy Holp was i soon at hand in tho shape of ropes, and all four i were hauled out of the water Knight appeared to bave fared worse than tho other lad, andSomor oonstablo Wallace, of the Water Pohco foroe, took > him in a cab to the Sydney Hospital Shortly after, Matthews colled at the hospital to have his right hand and arm dressed He had been badly out by oyster shells [ WniLE bathing o horse's sore shoulder yester- day morning, at Tempo Estate, Canterbury, Mrs ; Kelson was kiokod by the animal On being taken > to the Frinoe Alfred Hospital Dr Smith found . that she had reoeived a fracturo of the left leg. A MINER named Charles Chesterton, age 27, employed at the Helensburgh mine, on the Illa- warra line, was admitted to the Prince Alfred Hospital on Saturday suffering from a fracture of the right thigh. While working in the mine a quantity of coal fell upon him, and inflicted the injury mentioned. Dr. Smith attended him. < It appear« from a Parliamentary return just ' issued (observes tho Baily Xewe of 6th February), that in promoting or opposing private bill« before . Parliament fromJ1886 to 1891, both yean inoliulve, the City Corporation expended nearly £17,000. : Tho Commissioners of Bowen spent another two ' and a-half thousand, and tho London County Coiinoil or it« predecessor, the Metropolitan ; Board of Works, £47,000. Thus, altogether ' over £66,000, or £11,000 a year, is the cost of i tho present private bill system to London. \- Borough corporations throughout England and i Wales have paid in the samo time noarly £313,000 ; . the local authorities in Improvment Act districts havo al*o «pent over oloven and a half thousand pound« ; and local board« throughout the Sags, lish and Welsh counties £119,000, so that alto- gether in England and Wales, excluding London, not far short of £474,000, or £79,000 a year, has been spentoverprivato bill legislation ; with London about 90,000 a year. Scotland, paying at tlio rate of more than £18,000 a year for her much smaller basinoES, is, it will be seen, proportionately much moro'heavily fined for private bill legislation. Ireland's costs for promoting or opposing private bill« in the same period woro only £4600 a year. There are somo expenses of harbour and dock authorities not included in these figures. Bat nil this cost ii a mere fleabite compared with the monoy expended by railway companies, tramway companies, gas and water companies, and canal companies. Thoir expenses grouped together for the six yean exceed two millions, and have, in fact, amounted to nearly £350,000 a year. We extract the following from the Court Ctr caviar dated Windsor Castle, February 24 : " The christening of tho infant daughter of the Lord Chamberlain and Lady Carrington took place in the private ehapel of the Castlo at a quarter-past 3 o'clock this afternoon, her Majesty the Queen standing in person as one ! of the sponsors, the athen being the Hon. Norah Har- bord and the Earl of Rosebery, K.G. Her Majesty the Empress Frederick and their Boyal Highnesses Prince and Princes« Henry of Battouberg were prosent. The child received the names of Viotoria Alexandrina. Bishop Selwyn, of the South Pacifie, assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor, officiated ; Bishop Selwyn giving the name. Tho following had the honour of receiving invitations to be present :-Tho Earl of Rosebery, E.G., Lord and Lady Colville (of Culross), Lord and Lady Hastings, Lord Suffield, and the Hon. Judith and Norah Harbord, and the Hon. Marjorie, Alexandra, Ruperta, and Myee Carrington. Luncheon waa «erred in the dining-room before tho ceremony. The ladies and gentlemen of the Household in Waiting were in attendance. Countess Briihl and Count Seekondorff were in attendance on the Empress Frederick. After the ceremony the Queen, the Empress Frederick, and the Royal Family received her Majesty'« guests in the drawing- room. Bishop Solwyn had the honour of being presented to her Majesty by the Lord Chamberlain. i I bee (say« a contributor to the London Eeho) " that Sir Halliday Macartney has just been con suited at the Foreign Ofiloo with reference' to the splendid soborne of a tolegraphio line from-'clan to the frontiers of India. He will confer a great service on civilisation if he can in any dogree be instrumental in bringing the Chineso Government to bring the Barman frontier into connection with the Mongoline line. The primary object of the Chinese Government is to put the two ex- tremes of the empire, Kashgar and Yarkand in the West and Pekin in tho East, into telegraphic communication. A rigid and exclu- sive regard to that object would necessitate the route through Mongolia and Thibet. Sir Halli- day Macartney might; it is suggested, impress tho Pekin Government with the advantage of a con- nection with tho Bunnan frontier. True, his position and duties aro not ministerial ; he is the Secretary to the Chinese Embassy. Kevertheless, his influence is very great-greater than might appear from his merely official title. Ho knows China and the Cbincso to a degree of intimacy to which but few Englishmen have ever attained." M». PouLTTTET BlOELOW, in the Speaker, tolls the following story :-" On tho occasion of the Czar's visit to Copenhagen, ho was driving through tho streets, at a timo when no ono antici- pated his presence, in company with his royal host. By reason of scmo momentary congestion of traffio tho royal carriage carno to a standstill, and an English clergyman, who happened to be on tho side-walk at this moment, described tie following scone to mo : When j tho carringa stopped, tho Czar's face assumed tho expression of a frightened man, bo olutched tho sido of tho carriage and sought to push himself as far as possiblo back into his scat, ob though Becking to sholtcr himself from attack. I was struck by tin's man's frightened appearance and shrinking attitude before I knew that it was tho Russian Czar-in fact, I was there quito by accident, with no idea that ho might pass that way. I havo seen many cases of desperate fright in mon and women, but never ono so piteous as that of this Emperor." Mb. Bruce Smith will speak on the political situation to-moirow evening in the Gleb- Town Kail, Tne half-yearly meetings of the Congroiratin-al Union begin at Petersham this ovening, when Rev. XT. Tt. Fletchor, H.A., of Adelaide, is to preach the union sermon. Wo have been requested to call attention to tho fact that tho last four nights of " Robbery Under Arms "at the Theatre Royal aro announce!. On Friday night thero will bo" a chango, particulars of which will bo found in our advertising columns. 