The Bights of Man. Sib, — I do not hope or desire to get a seat at next election, and have no per sonal predilection for any candidate yet offering that would bias my choice, there fore I can read the political , opinions of those who appear to be wooing ? the electors with interest, and without prejt^dice ;? and having sorely taxed my patience over what I suppose the writers call arguments in ? favor of . vote for thrift, I beg space for n few lines, not to convince such writers, for reason thoy will not harken to, ' neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead,' but to assist my fellow-readers in the search for truth. The political economy that cannot.be reconciled with any moral principle is n false one. The moral . principles have been briefly de fined as ' love, mercy,' and ' do justly,' and more concisely ' do unto another ns ye would they should do unto you.' The wisdom :of all ages and all countries, whether by inspiration or reason, has left us this one plain injunction as the summing up of all moral principles to be applied on earth. The power of in telligently obeying that injunction dis tinguishes human from brute-r-oMierwise the greatest animal is the best man. and the last, aud might must . be right, : Now reader, no parleying with conscience, justice or truth, ,but answer straight out. Which moral principle permits you to take two votes, and give: or leave your brother one or. none T Though you bo rich as Dives, and ho poor as Lazarus — though you be wise as Ajax or Thrifty Jock, or Bagot, and he a drivelling idiot — yot.as- you cannot prove the great Father had step-children, you must admit him to be a full brother. I might drop the subject at that, because he who does not admit a , moral - principle as supreme rule, can have no law , but animal feelings, and has no right. to a voice in- social -laws. - But it will be contended r^hat . expediency, will justify the infringements of a moral law — i.e., 'it is lawful to do evil that good may come of it.' I say no; moral law is in exorable. You may stop or put back the hands of the clock, and other human institutions, but time and other natural principles never. Not one moment, nor the breadth of a hair, can a man or a nation violate a moral law with impunity, and I hold that it is attempting to palter with moral law. .Trying to weld incongruous elements, to reap good where evil has been sown, is the cause of all human misery. Many writers on politics ignore moral principle as their rule, but glibly use some cant phrases to gloss the selfishness of their expedients, while others (like an old hen on an ash-heap) scatter such a cloud of dust that they blind themselves with the cinders of selfish expedients, and chuckle over a bit of delf as a prize. These will oppose me bitterly (' come one, come all '), but I do hot promise to reply to personalities, nor appeals to history, because the origin of evil is lost in obscurity, and may be a perverted product of good. The Duke of Wellington is said to have used as a maxim, ' If you do not know what to do, do nothing.' Yet law making has been very much based on expediency, and doing wrong that it may turn out right — as in criminal jurisprudence we flog or hang a man to make him good, simply because our law I makors are experimentalists, who having made a blunder, correct it by another and another, having no firm principle to guide them, but utter empiricism. Can O. O. Dangar, M.P. and preacher, have discerned any affinity between divine truth and legislation when he said the other night of the Income Tax — 'This terrible tax will fall heaviest on the poor working classes who haven't a shilling to pay it with.' Or can C. T. Bagot have seen any scientific principle by which half a vote will be better for a laborer, while the employer has a whole one, than if the man has a whole vote and. the employer two. Isn't Mr. Bagot like the Irishman who was troubled with ghosts (of, say, Euclid's axioms) at night, and tore a strip off one end of his blanket and sewed it on to the other end to lengthen it, so as to hido his head. The shameless mendacity of charging Labour Unions with the present deplorable state of the colony is as senseless as it would be to say sneezing is the cause of cold. Can the man have a soul bigger than that of a maggot who insinuates that the working class are less honest than the propertied class. I, having the responsibility of a numerous family, deplore the low moral grade of a largo portion of the present inundation of paupers, and I fear the colony is worse now than it was 45 years ago, at its emancipation^ But I insist that poverty is no sign of dishonesty, and if it was, who brought these paupers here, and should be held responsible for them ? The vote for thrift party — certainly some of whom hold 10 or more votes for thrift — and who. by one of their members said 20 years ago—' There is brains enough in this House to do for the whole country. What we want is bone and muscle.' They did do for the colony, and brought more bono and muscle than mouth and paunch can control. The term loafer is blandly applied to persons who never work. Freetraders should remember that the loafer's vote is always with them ; but if the black coat loafer goes with his few congoners with dungarees I would say amen. There is a class of artists who are said to require a good memory, and from want of it tho thrift advocates contradict themselves and each other with as much sangfroid as ' soul savers' do; but it is when they aro adjusting the gauge for the thrift vote that a monte player would blush for them ; and for your reuders' edification I invito any thrift worshipper to put me straight on this. If a £10 rental or £100 freehold is equal to the best brain in the district, what is the political value of the 16 (more or less) branch banks J If tho employer of one mAn should havo one vote, and the employee half a vote, how many votes should the miuiager of the^C,;S. K. Go. have, and what fraction, ofn vote' ahould a cane cutter or sugar-boiler have, that he may not outvote the employer t - If these two questions are intelligibly answered in accordance with physical lawB, I shall leave' the discernment of moral law to vour readers. In conclusion. I would illustrate my hope of the thrift voters thus : — Frank Mac. asked tho late Dr. M'Kinley, of .Dungog (brother of the explorer), 'Dr., what would you advise ine to take f I don't feel well ; I had a drop too much last night.' 'Take a drop more, Frank,' said the Dr., and Frank believed in him ever after. The Dr. knew F. would take more while ho could get it, and medicine with it would do more hanh : than good. So with manhood and thrift. — Yours, -fcc., D. GILLIES. Tintenbar, 8th March, 1893. Mr. Editor, — In looking over the Tweed Advocate I dropped across this epistle, signed 'Elector,' which so elegantly fits ' Bruce,' that I would ask you to re publish it. By so doing you will oblige. Vrmra Aro ' AUSTRALIAN NATIVE. 'Sir, — I should like to know what sort of a Member we have got in Mr. Nicoll. Could any action be; more piteous than his in regard to the recent vote of censure ? ' I gather from one of your contemporaries that Mr. Perry lost his vote through. going to look for Mr. Nicoll who, after promising to vote, was not to'be found at the critical moment, not being manly enough, to show his colors. What does he mean by thus disfranchising by two-thirds this large constituency ? I am not saying on which side he should .have voted, but that he should have recorded his yote. If he is not prepared to do this, in whatever the. emergency, it is another of many rear sons why he should not be in Parlia ment. The excuse he gives makes his position worse. . A. cheap popularity, however, is Mr. Nicoll's delight, and his political genius is now sorely concerned over the appointment of our new. Go vernor. He is filled to bursting point with indignation because his Excellency was appointed, for sufficient State rea sons, without reference to our Govern ment. Possibly Mr. Nicoll , would have liked the Australian ^Natives' ;Associ ation, of which he is president, and pro bably so named because very few natives of any decency or standing in Now South Wales have anything to do with it, to have had some in the selection. God forbid and save us from such humiliation. Tho British Government are more to be trusted to select a suitable Governor than a rag-tag association- such as the A.N.A., because it is a reasonable sup position that the whole of that associ ation put together does not know per sonally a single, solitary individual in the United Kingdom fit to occupy that exalted station. Let Mr. Nicoll leave the Governor alone. His constituents and the public are not worrying over it. Let him do what he is supposed to do, and not meddle in affairs his intelligence cannot comprehend. Let him come nearer home, and if he can discover any principles act oil them fearlessly, and not in a critical emergency bo where he cannot be found.' Sir, — I ask space in your journal to reply to the contribution of G. Martin, jun., in your last issue, in reference to my former production re the ' proposed thrift vote.' Before doing so I wish to inform your numerous readers that I disclaim all connection with that stupid opposition Mr. Martin's composition re ceived at the hands of the editor of the Bcdliiw, Times, who singled out three words of his letter, and ignorantly jeered at them, saying they were not in the English language, but shortly afterwards had proof they were. Such conduct has come under my notice repeatedly in the Ballina Private newspaper, which ap pears to be edited to slate his numerous enemies and whitewash his friends, whose circle does not seem to extend far beyond the relatives of his staff. How ever, his criticism carries about as much weight and influence as a speech made before a public house bar. I reply to Mr. Martin from a public standpoint, and trust when I am done with him I will not hear your readers laughing at me, saying 'I had too much business to attend to to find time to reply to froth, «!sc.' So now, Mr. Martin, you write that ' As far as mere money matters are concerned, every power of voting by those who pay no taxes is a violation of the fundamental principles of free go vernment.' Well, to adopt this course you would require to remodel Parliament on two separate bases — one for framing laws for the maintenance of peace and order, and the other for taxation pur poses, and the expenditure of nil monies — even the bills of the former requiring the sanction of the latter. Then your one-man- ona-vote system might claim a reasonable hearing in the former of these two houses, and the property vote alone in the latter. But a property vote, al though identical in some respects, is not a thrift vote, and should our present legislators not framo the bill to define the difference, it does not hold good that there is no difference and the difficulty cannot be surmounted. Certainly pro perty is wealth, and wealth is the fruit of thrift and ability, even if it emanated from our forefathers, and thrift and ability are more capable of governing a country than poverty and inability, to 'at least the extent of two votes to one. Mr. Martin thinks that few settlers on the Richmond would enjoy the privilege of thrift vote, but would enjoy extra power by the one-man-one-vote over the existing policy. Let us see. Under the present conditions each voter in the Richmond electorate is now entitled to four votes, and in the Clarence electorate each voter only get one vote, and many wealthy electorates only enjoy one vote to our four. A one-man-one-vote clause must be followed by a one-vote-one-man, or a redistribution of seats clause. Thus the Richmond electors lose threequart ers of their voting power. . What benefit would settlers enjoy in a property votq under local government, if. every loafer had the same' voting power to return their choice labour members to Parlia ment to frame and alter the Local Go vernment Act, and thus have the power to bully over the settler, demanding that he gives a stated high rate of wages, with eight hours a day, while he himself works twelve hours and, frequently loses his crops, risks his all, and does the country the serviceable work of rearing a family of Australians f I claim a thrift vote for these, and if the bill from the Upper House has not been drafted to bless such with that vote, here is an op portunity for Mr. Martin to frame such, and his name will be handed down in Australian history with pride. — Yours, Ac., THRIFTY JOCK. Sir, — Knowing you are a great advocate for road improvements, and were no doubt instru mental in getting the vote now being squan dered on the road through Messrs. Lance and Jones' property,, which, with the exception of a few hundred yards, is the best bit of road between Coraki and Grafton, and wonld have stood the traffio that will be on it. for the next fifty years, I would ask your assistance in stopping present work, and having the money spent about half-a-mile from where the con tract terminates. At this spot there is about fifteen chain of the worst road botween here and Olive's, known as the Blacks' Camp. Mr. F. W. Woolnough was driving over this por tion of the road some months ago with a cart load of groceries, and got into a hole where his cart was turned upside down and near drowned the horse.- That is on the old ? road, but strangers are as likely to take one as the other. The old road is the best if you know where the holes are. But why pass the punt? I feel certain that vote would have been much more appreciated by travellers from a dis tance and local residents had it been spent nearer the punt on either side. But ever since there has been a Road Superintendent on the river I have taken notice that the best parts are the first that the money is spent on, so that the rule has not been departed from in this particular case. Trusting we will not hear the cry — 'What a shame to see a good bit of road being Bpoilt' — the next time there is any road work going on, and thanking you in anticipation. — lam, Ac., LOCALITY. 