A LADY'S LETTER. FROM LOBDOK. LOXIi.jV Feb. 17. A great deal of interest was felt many yean ago in the "fusion** of the elder aud the younger branches ot the royal House of France, lite extreme Royalist party, the reverent adherents of "Henri Cinq," to whom their loyalty was as precious as their faith, revolted from the notion of any acknowledgment on the j»rt of "die King," asthey always styled the Comte de Cham bord, of the Ctrieans princes, irretrievably degraded—as they held those personages to be—by Uie eterosny infamous crimes of their ancestor, Philippe. poke of Orleans, known to hhdoryas " Egalihe," who rated die death of his King, wt&Jjfis; also his cousin and his . the way ot hearing a deal , matter at the time, and ^jjth'aides iof the question, and I was amnsed to find .acertain resemblance 1*. twenr the JarKOmentaUve methods of the ** alwta who mttepttu tlowlixie* que It Hoi , those iof tl« popular advocates of Itr., Arthar Orton, «rho espoused his case oh the whoirodftt^it?** a shame he Bhoold be lof hiarighmss hir Roger Tichbome mhewMahotcberfromtVappiut, j ™_ «amep«««i8 contend that the OanirtedeBsrits^^«»eKrand6on of bonis admitted to " fuse" witt X., and repeat of the child of while the dSESa^Hegs'* death, wo* the;r#ahi(p|«P'«taunt sontf believe of an innkeeper) for the baby prince ; nnd thus these good folk proved to their own satisfaction that Louis Philippe was not "an Orleans " at all. Nevertheless, the " fusion " was an abomination in their sight, " Egalite " blood or not. It took place, and it produced no political results whatsoever; the "son of St. Louis" did not mount his horse, the Republic flourished as the Empire had done, the Royal House of France remained a political nonentity; the Comte de Chambord ! died as he had lived, the model of a Christinn gentleman, and was followed by his saintly < wife, one of the Baddest women in all the long story of royal sorrows. The " Younger I Branch" has looked about for thrones outside of the Kingdom of the LilieB;, it has allied itself with Denmark, and an Orleans Princess wears the not very enviable crown-conjugal of Portugal; it is the "House of France " now, albeit there are j still enthusiasts who would rather advance I the shadowy claim of the disreputable and discredited Don Carlos to the shadowy throne i than recognise on Orleanist succession, and for the first tinie the ghost of the " fusion " j has been evoked by an event which has attracted an extraordinary amount of inte- j rest and attention. I allude to the betrothal ] of "the Cohnrger," Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria, to Princess Marie Louise de Bour-; bon, who is of the elder branch pur sang, and brings with her alliances most precious to the precarious princedom of Bulgaria. "Whether these advantages will counter balance the increase of the disfavour with which the Czar regards " the Cobuiger " re mains to be seen; even Alexander III. may j find that he will have to make the best of accomplished facts, and the bridging over of j the Austrian coolness with Bulgaria is from henceforth one of these. It is, however, the pictorial-historic side of this event, and also of the immediately-pre ceding death of the Duchess of Madrid, that induces me to dwell upon the fact that the Orleans and the Bourbons , are to be united by this marriage, and if the further project of the union between Don Jaime and the Princess of the Asturias should be carried out, the "solidarity" of the great fallen House of Bourbon will be complete. The young lady who is to be the wife of Prince Ferdinand, and (a very serious fact for her) the daughter- in-law of Princess Clementine— the cleverest woman in the royal caste of Europe, except the Empress Frederick, and the most astute of the children of Louis Philippe—is linked closely to the grandeur and the tragedy of the closing years of the last century, and the whole of this to the story of the Houses of Hapsbnrg and Bourbon ; the line can be run through one's fingers in a few minutes, and the most sluggish imagina tion will lind many tilings to hang upon it, beginning with the marriage of tne Due de Berri, Dauphin of France, with the Archduchess Marie Antoinette, daughter of the Empress Maria Therese, and the marriage of Marie Caroline, her sister,with Ferdinand I., King of the Sicilies, surnamed "Naso." The Revolution came and killed the Queen of France; the Empire came, and shunted the Neapolitan dynasty for a while in favour of le beau sabretir, the innkeeper's soil, Joachim Mural* and the beautiful Caroline, Napoleon's sister; the Restoration came, and replaced the old dynasty in the person of Francis L, Ferdi nand's daughter, Marie Amclie, having been married to' Louis Philippe, of " the younger branch the "glorious days of July "came, and Charles X. lied from France, accom panied by the " Orphan of the Temple" and the children of his murdered son, the Due de Berri—he had taken poor Louis' title never to return. One of those children was the Comte de Chambord, the "HenriCinq" of the Royalists' dream and worship; the other was Marie Therese, "Mademoiselle" in the old style of the vanished Court, and she was married to the Duke of Parma, and | was proliably one of the most wretched women who ever lived. Her vile husband was murdered—I forget the year—and her I son, a harmless, well-behaved gentleman, whom I met frequently some years ago, just j after the death of his first wife, and when the Princess • Maria Pia was' a little girl, succeeded to the shadowy principality, for these things were but names by that time. The Duchess of Madrid was the sister of Duke Robert and the loving aunt nnd friend or his daughter, who may be destined to play a strange part on the world's stage. I think, since Henrietta Maria* no women in all his tory have had a more strange and significant family retrospect than the Duchess of Madrid, whose life has just closed, and her niece, whose life is just begipning, in its real significance, as the bride of the newest of European states, and its connecting link with the oldest. Henrietta Maria was the first-born daughter of the first Bourbon King of France. Her father was murdered, her husband was murdered, her son was exiled and dispossessed ; the grandfather nnd the father of the Duchess of Madrid were murdered (the Due de Berri and the Puke of Parma), and her brother's inheritance is only a title like that of Charles/Prince of Wales, who was the Bourbon princess's son, but without any chance of a restoration. Her married life was as wretehedashermother's, and she has not lived to. witness tbe.dawn or betterdays for hereon, butshewaswellpleased with this projected marriage^ And his mother; Princess Clementine, was the most. sym pathetic member of the!" younger branch " I to her. Marguerite de Bourbon was the I womanliest of women; and it: is quite true that she disliked! " the Borises, in whom! she recognised polhtog royal or.4 like old France. The Prtnccsse de L'Abattoir J was peculiarly antipathetic tb lter, wmbh was natural, as she was brohght up ttt Frphgftorf by the Comtesse de Chambord, to whom thei motion of a mannish woman wholiVed "to kill something" in every kind of weather would have been simply inconceivable, especi ally in the character of a potential Queen of France. I am seldom at odds with Mrs. Craw ford, but I cannot endorse her portrait in Truth of the wife of Don CarloB, at the period of her residence in the Rlie Cbauveau Lagarde (so called after this vary inefficient de/enseur of Maria Antoinette ^tefore-the Revolutionary Tribunal). As 1 remember the Duchess, she had A fine, and not a " dingy" complexion, remarkably intelligent and sweet eyes—a little too prominent, but hotdisagree ably so—very beautiful and luxuriant hair, with a natural wave in it, and a forehead which varied from the Bourbon type as de cidedly as her cbm conformed to ft. Mrs. Crawftad records: the perfect simplicity of the Duchejss's manners, and the sweetness other voice, both in singing and Bpeaking. I am told bfer niece resembles her in this par ticular, also that she is clever and vivacious, and ^ is- like- her great- grandmother, the Duchess de Berri, in personal appearance. It 19 <taite ont of date and not hi tne leastde fiiecfe to comment upon the romantic or sentimental aspect of anything, but your readers have borne with my old- fashioned ways for so long that I am tempted to suggest ( »romantic contrast between the betrothal of | s?ln.ce Ferdinand of Bulgaria and Princeta ftone de Bourbon and the scene in the vesti [PUIe of the Opera-house in Parte, when Louis Philippe, the grandfather of the Prince, j soothed the dying minutes of the murdered heir to the throne of France by his promises to defend the widow and the coming child, afterwards the uncle of the princess. Un doubtedly this marriage will lend a nteivln terest to the Bulgarian problem; as its arrangement has confirmed the existing im pression of Princess Clementine's ability. " The cleverest woman in politics since Madame Adelaide" (the sister of Louis Philippe), said a diplomat, who knows her well, before she had accomplished this recent feat. Society is amusing itself more assiduously than is usual so early in the season, and a number of marriages in the grand monde are talked of; but I am told there is a tendency to observe ecclesiastical times and seasons, and that weddings during Lent are not to be '' good form " this year. It is time for the talk of the studios to be "about," and I have no doubt there is plenty of it, but I have not been in the way of hearing much of it lately. Sir Frederick Leighton has been on a visit to Cornwall, ana considerable curiosity is felt concerning his "fisher" pictures; these are not pro mised to us for the Academy. It is very difficult to imagine the painter of culture old and new, of luxury, and myth and social con ventionality par excellence, as the portrayer of Cornish scenes and the seaside population of that most peculiar and distinctive region; one cannot resist the idea that he will bring elegance in somewhere, and that we shall find his too-familiar models making nets or looking-out Beaward, very far indeedi after Jules Breton. Font pictures will lie his cer tain contribution to the Burlington- house Ex hibition. One is called " Hit ; it represents a cave-dweller instructing a boy in archery.; not a vitally interesting subject "A De parted Lbver" -represents a girl standing on a terrace and watching a ship sailing out of sight—this also has nothing novel about it—the scene isJaid in Greece, A third ture is the Crucifixion, a subject sh out of the way-of the President of t Academy, and, indeed, of all artij period whose Works we ever have s seeing, that I tun sure the prospect ing it inspires more misgiving ths tion. However, we have no right"1* , the artist's limitations beforehand, will be well pleased if our latter-i should be distinguished by the production of a really fine sacred picture. The personal success of .Mr. Irvine's "Becket" is beyond question, and the mounting of the play is pronounced by all the critics, and the voice of such of the general public as have been fortunate enough - to get seats in the theatre up to the present, as the greatest of all Mr. Irving^ achievements in that line. Truth Bays—" The eye, which is always the first sense to be appealed to from the stage, is charmed by the finest'resnlts of picturesque realism which tiie mounting of our national-history plays has ever achieved. There is no elaboration of spectacle for its own sake. There are no processions of mail-clad warriors introduced merely to exhibit the warriors' mail. The series of exquisite pictures of the period here pre sented, whether on the battlements of a Norman fortress, in the hall of Northampton Castle, in the camp of the two Kings at Montmiroil, or in the north transept of Canterbury Cathedral, keeps strictly to the necessary illustration of the episodes of the tale." A great play "Becket is not, and no manipulation of the text could make it so, or render it truly dramatic; hut it is very interesting, and Mr. Irving is seen at his best in it. There is little to be said about the other actors—they do not get a chance—it is a "one-part" play. Miss Genevieve Ward is good as Queen Eleanor, Miss Terry does all she can with the feeble Bosamond, but Mr. Irving only " fills the, scene." 