A MURCHISON GHOST. A gentleman in Adelaide sends to an Adelaide paper the following extract from a letter written by Mr. R. C Cox, who has been for some months on the Murchison.-" The overseer of an out-station on the Murchison and I have just come into camp after being out tracking horses. Three or four niggers belonging to the station were camped a mile down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished supper and were sitting alongside the camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, calmness reigning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle of a horse or sheep bell, and the chirp from a cricket, when we were startled by shrieks from the niggers, who came flying into camp and dropped down on all fours behind us and the breakwind fireplace. On questioning the darkies about this outcry and rush all we could get from the trembling and paralysed blacks was Mundong, man- doing,' the meaning of which is ghost or spirit, ' something uncommon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light half-a-mile from the camp amongst the mulga, where,- sure enough, we could see something like a fire- stick, such as the niggers generally carry when going into the bush after dark, just trailing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at once it stopped, and she taneously there flickered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done so noiselessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At last my mate pulled out his revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguished. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their mia mias, but they would not move from the shelter of our camp. Next morning we in spected the site of the previous night's mysterious illuminations, and there sure enough were the remains of the fire?, but not one single track or footprint could we or the station niggers find, and there lies the mystery. You will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the Bundong. Another time a lubra came in from the bush with her picaninnies and wonga, and stated that she had seen the man doing running that same day along the creek. Questions elicited the information that this supernatural being was like an emu with a blackfellow's head. The blacks up here are a splendidly made lot, the women more so than the men. They are peacably inclined." The writer then goes on to describe the burial of an old native chief, thus: He was a patriarch they called ' Governor here. After death the blacks all stripped naked, and with their weapons danced and howled until they were forced to drop from sheer exhaustion. At midday they dug a hole and raised a mound where he died, hung all his weapons and belongings on a tree alongside ; his lubras carried the body a mile down the creek to a sandy patch ; the men dug the grave with their goods, and the women made the breaks around with twigs.; the men smashed the limbs of the old man in two, and buried him all in a heap ; they then built a fire round the grave and left. Then they set out in search of the imagined murderer, although the old fellow evidently died of senile decay." 