(feags aob JUtixk& CONSIDERATIONS AS TO HOW CHAPTEE-MEETINGS MAY BE MOEE PEOFITABLE. [The following paper is only. partly original; the motif and a great part of the language are borrowed.] Whatever our need of rest and change (and of neither would 1 depreciate the advantage) I seem to feel pressed upon myself the need of more active spirituality. I say active spirituality because I am speaking to pastors of flocks, and a shepherd must be properly active, and cannot be so without the spirituality of a St. Paul. There is, indeed, such a thing as mistaken activity, and our Lord Himself said on one occasion to His apostles, ' Come ye yourselves into a desert place and rest awhile:' even Nature at times sternly admonishes us that we cannot work for ever without holiday. Our kind host has on this occasion given us, by providing Hospitality lor a nigni;, a pleasant opportunity of social intercourse; and we have had in our agenda three secular topics set down for consideration. But now is there not a meat for us to eat which the world knows not of ? Do not we who are accredited teachers and pastors of the flock feel some appetite— some craving — for provision from the granaries of God, for some new reserve of strength from His secret armouries and arsenals? Is it not a great trial to feel barren and dry as to spiritual activity, to be what is called 'perfunctory,' to get to work like a machine, to be only desiring rest and recreation, or even to wish at intervals to ' shuffle off this mortal coil,' because we are utterly tired of work, responsibility, anxiety — to have, indeed, a vision of ' bringing forth more fruit in our age,' and of having gathered up so much experience and skill as to be ' polished shafts' in the hand of God — and yet to feel languid and disgusted, and so to long to ' put off our harness' instead of ' girding up the loins of our mind' and going forth again to fight and conquer the devil of sin? My dear brothers, my fellow workers, do I describe your feelings in describing my own? Is there not, then, some divine spring of help and refreshment for us other t than mere social intercourse ? Is there not an appeal made to us as well as to the Lord's apostles in the words — ' Come ye yourselves into a desert place?' We hate unreality, and we dare not 'seek to wind ourselves too high for sinful man beneath the.sky ;' but have we not all a sense of being, in some way or other', divinely com- 'i missioned? Can we imagine ourselves doing the work of apostles without receiving some of the power and some of the gifts of apostles ? Does it startle us to be reminded that we have received the Holy Ghost for the office and work of priests in the Church of God ; that ] we have that gift of gifts within us now ; that we need continually, . that we must have continually, a new supply of it in our hearts and minds from the reservoir of heaven ; and that we must — not ' may,' but ' must' — go sometimes apart, for our own sakes, for our .flopks' sakes, to get that new supply from on high which alone can achieve that which we have sworn to achieve ? I know that there is an hyperbolical, an exaggerated, way of speaking of the divine work of priests or presbyters — a way of regarding it whioh tendd to a sort of Pharisaical assumption. I believe that there is a real danger of what is called ' sacerdotalism,' of deeming ourselves a kind of caste, of being 'ashamed to call' the Aveak, the ignorant, the sinful, the uneducated, ' brethren;' I find a writer describing the work of the - ministry as ' Onus angelicis humeris formidandum ;' and in these my last days, with deeper insight into the sorrows, weaknesses, and frailties of human creatures — with a longer experience of the deceit fulness and corruption of my own heart — I crave more for identifica tion with the human 'masses' than for separation from them. Still, making allowance for human frailty and for the necessity for intimate communion with it, I cannot forget a corresponding necessity for the teacher to be in advance of his disciples — for the pastor to be wiser, more devout, more watchful, more prayerful, than the sheep. I venture to suggest, then, that we should give these chapter- meetings a more spiritual complexion. It has been well said that the study of Divine truths, though it be the proper exercise of the intellectual powers, yet fails not to puff men up with intemperate levity and dispersion of thought, unless they use the most watchful caution in purifying themselves every moment before God, and in searching from time to time the ground and bottom of their hearts. Nor is it otherwise with the will; for external actions, however good and pious, are often found to strike some sort of dullness on the inward life, and to divert us from that application to Almighty God which a Christian (especially one of the sacred function) ought to make it his principal endeavour to preserve and hourly to increase. It was this which moved so many great and holy persons to take refuge in the frightful solitude of deserts, that they might avoid the almost inevitable contagion attend ing all transactions with worldly men. At settled periods they released themselves from the incumbrance of affairs, and shut them selves up in monasteries. Here they consulted the Spirit of God for their direction — here they carefully examined the state of their own souls, to find out whether they were not in some degree consumed by enlightening those about them, and weakened by that nourishment which they so largely supplied ; whether the noise of the world, which was ever sounding in their ears, had not entered into their souls ; in a word, whether they had sanctified themselves by their employment of sanctifying others, according to our Lord's expression — ' For their sake I sanctify Myself.' Again, ?' The condition of God's ministers is more elevated than that of the laity — they stand more engaged to acknowledge the good ness of God which has raised them above others, and exalted them in the midst of their brethren. If all creatures are invitedto join in His praises, the heavens in particular declare His handiwork and report His glory ; and so His ministers, who are as the heavens and the stars in the world of the Church, ought most especially to publish the Divine mercy which has placed them in such a position — inferior (in a manner) only to their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.' 'Kings are appointed by God to protect and preserve the lives of earth ; but God's ministers to lead men to heaven — to God's eternal adoption— to union with Jesus the King of kings — to the participation of God's own immortal life.' Let us then consider how by light actions, by indiscreet words, by base obsequiousness, by unseemly compliance, by neglect of duty, by harshness and want of love, we have disgraced our lofty calling, and let us resolve and pray to cast away and rise above such faults and sins. As men take out a rotten post and replace it with a sound one, so let us note what needs regenerating in ourselves and build up a right spirit. Alas ! we are continually tempted to lukewarmness and indifference in order to accommodate ourselves to the low spiritual tone around us, whilst God's voice says, ' Because thou art lukewarm I will spew thee out of my mouth.' Alas ! can I even say that my zeal is disinterested and my motives perfectly pure? In the very fact that God's minister is a kind of intercessor between God and the people — that he speaks to God and for God when other voices are hushed — there is something particularly solemn. Is he not acbually doing on earth what the angels do in heaven, who rest not day or night in their adoration of God, almighty and infinitely adorable? Again, God's minister is a physician of the soul; and since his patients are froward, obstinate, perverse, and usually in love with their own maladies, or else ashamed to reveal them, he has to use the most unwearied patience, the most affectionate condescension, the most loving sympathy, in order to cure them, even, so to speak, against their will. And if he be discouraged by the relapses of his flock, let him consider his own relapses — how often he has broken his resolutions. Let him remember the ministry of our Blessed Lord — what He failed to achieve ; His weeping over Jerusalem, His exclama tion, ' How often would I have gathered thy children together, &c;, and ye would not,' and this notwithstanding His miracles, His unparalleled words, His perfect example. I give you all credit, dear brethren, for earnest activity, for close study, for diligent preparation, for self- denial, yet I fear you are often disappointed as to results, but 111 that He blesses turns to good, ' All unblest good is ill, And all is right that seems most wrong If it be His dear will. Let us remember also that what sometimes causes pastors impatience is not a true zeal for the glory of God and the good of souls, but a principle of self-love, which makes us think too highly of ourselves,, our talents, our education, our preaching, our labour ; which makes us glory too much in ourselves if any progress is achieved, and to be correspondingly vexed and disappointed if we fail. To, correct this let us think of the infinite patience of God. The story goes that Abraham once received a traveller into his tent, who, when invited to join in the worship of God, refused, on the ground that he paid his devotions to the sun. Upon this Abraham cast him out ; but in the silence of the night God said to the patriarch : 'Have I not borne with thee these hundred years, and couldst not thou bear with this stranger for a single night?' Whereupon Abraham rose from his bed and fetched him back into the tent. Our blessed Lord was authorised to curse the fig-tree on which He found no fruit; we, his sinful servants, are not, but ought to dig about it and dung it, and even to wait many years in the hope that our work will be fruitful. If we don't succeed, yet, like the benediction which Christ bade his apostles pronounce even where 'the Son of Peace' was not, the dew of blessing shall fall upon ourselves again. Eemember that our Lord came to be a Teacher and Guide ; that during His earthly sojourn He executed this office amongst a people of notorious grossness and ignorance ; that He chose for His Apostles men of low -calling, of mean parts and education; but thatHe was never offended or disgusted, never disdained to form and train them by little and little, never ceased to bear with all their defects of judgment and temper. Eemember also that our blessed Lord began to do before He began to teach, and that He says expressly to His disciples, 'I, your Master, have given you an example that ye should do as I have done.' Let us stir ourselves up in our daily walk to act out what we pray for in the Litany: — 'That it may please Thee to illuminate all Bishops, ?;? Priests, and Deacons with true knowledge and understanding of Thy word, that both by their preaching and living' (and living, remember) 'they may set it forth and shewit accordingly.' 'Accordingly!' that is, that their lives and their preaching may harmonise. The people, says one, look rather on the hands than towards the mouth of their instructor; and a plain illiterate person, whose life has won their esteem, will more easily persuade them by a discourse without method or argument, than an accomplished orator whose life does not tally with his preaching. It was said of St. Basil that his preaching was thunder and his practice lightning. St. Bernard says of St. John Baptist : ' He was a burning and a shining light^-lucere minus est, ardere parum, lucere et ardere perfection — it is not enough to shine, nor much to bum ; to shine and burn too is perfection.' ' One thing I fear we ministers are apt, in the midst of secular cares and worries, to neglect, is the study of the Holy Scriptures. ' Give heed,' says St. Paul to Timothy, 'to reading' — 'from a child thou hast known the sacred writings.' Now it is evident that before we teach we must know, and to know we must learn, we must study. And here I feel that we should at least be able to consult the Greek Testament, if, like myself, we know nothing of Hebrew — or we may fall into the error of the preacher upon the text, ' Come unto me and I will give you rest.' ' Notice,' said he, ' my brethren, that salvation is here set forth as a free gift— I will give you rest'— whereas in the Greek there is no word for ' give' at all; it is avairaidw ify*as. And whilst we are to read the Holy Scripture critically, though not captiously, always using our whole intellect and resources to get to the bottom of its meaning; let us study it always in the spirit of a little child— i.e., in profound humility— seeing that, whatever its authority or origin, it is the Book of books, and has made, first, the Jews God's people as none others ever were, and, secondly, Christians enlightened and pure, notwithstanding all their faults, above all other men. To conclude, in taking the words of . our chapter clerk as my text— viz., ' Considerations as to how chapter-meetings may be productive of more fruitful results'— I have selected only one view of them. I admit that there are others, and those very important— e.g., the defence of Christianity and of the Catholic Church, especially the Anglican branch; I mean the evidential defence, such as that carried on by our late Bishop. I feel most strongly that there can be no true spirituality without a true basis of dogma, and that these are days when for our very life we must examine the foundations of our faith, and be able and ready to assign good reasons for what we believe and teach. But, after all, nothing can take the place of personal spirituality, and this is the ' consideration' which I have ventured to set forth to-day. And, as the sum of all, I wish to urge that at ? ' every meeting this item shall have its place, or I fear that in our desire to be ' sociable' we shall part 'with leanness in our souls.!' H. J. Poole, E.D. 