"HAMLET" ON THE STAGE. (Syilnoy Telegraph, 4th June, 1892.) In view of tho appearance to-night of Mr. Vf alter Bentley, aa Hamlet, a note on some of the famous impersonators of thia character1 in the past limy prove interesting. i'Yom Shake- speare's lime down lo that of Fechter, tho cictorB who achieved most celebrity in thc part were only fifteen in number, although there have, of óour«<i, been muhy Hamlets of lesser note. Nor docs', tlifB list include the names of such modern Hamlets of distinction as that of Henry Irving in England, Edwin Booth in America, and Tommaso Salvini and Ernesto Ros« iu Italy. Thc first stage Hamlet was Richard Burbagc, the greatest actor of Shakespeare's day. Boru about thc year 150'i, he wus the oriàiiiul of a dozen of ShakespeareV characters on thc stage, including Shylock, Richard III., Romeo, Henry V., Othello, Lear, Macbeth, Coriolanus, and Hamlet, Burbuge, like Gar- rick and Kean, waa short in stature, und at the tinto when Hamlen was brought out had become somewhat corpulent ; hence, ap- parently, thc linc in thc last act nf Hamlet, spoken of thc Prince by Queen Gertrude, " He's fat, und scant of breath. " Unfor- tunately, no record of thc manner in which flnrbagc acted Hamlet hus conic down to us, a fact which is to bc regretted, inasmuch as the actor was instructed in the part by the great dramatist, himself. Of his fume iu Shakespearian interpretations thule is, how- ever, noqucslion : 'aud of all these impersona- tions his Hamlet takes bighest rank. The secoud Hamlet of note was Thomas Ilcttcrtou (IÖ3.1-17IÜ), tho leading actor of thc Restoration. He'played chiefly under thc management of Sir William Duvcuaiil, who is to be credited with the introduction of proper sceucry aud costumes to thc 6tagc. Better ton, who li 1-81 played Hamlet at tho agc of twenty-seven, instantly "electrified his audi- ence" in the character. Thereafter the tragedy was frequently revived, with Bel turton as the Prince, und with such success that its financial record wus not equalled at the time by any other production. Colley Cibbcr, in his masterly " Apology," a book which is full of admirable criticism on thc art of acting, haB left a graphic word pictnre, toolong, un- fortunately, to quote iu full, of Bcttcrton's Hamlet. Bettcrton's first scene with thc ghost was particularly impressive. He opened it with " a paus« of «nure amazement ; then rising slowly to a solemn, trembling voice, be made the ghost equally terrible to the spectator as to himself, and iu the de- scriptive part of the natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him, thc boldness of his expostulation was still governed by de- cency, manly, but not braving, his voice never rising into that secmingoutrage or wild defiance of what hu naturally revered." Betterton, whoso Hamlet was characterised by filial tenderness and dignity, created no less than 130 characters during his long and honourable career. His successor was the illustrious David Garrick (1716-1779), who,first acted Hamlet iu Dublin in the summer season of 1742, having for his Ophelia no less a person than Margaret Woffington, whose name was taken by Charles Reade and Tom Taylor for thc heroine of "Masks and Faces." Tho popu- larity of thc young Hamlet in the Irish capi- tal was extraordinary. Thcpcople.wereinfectcd with tho " Garrick fever," and this Hamlet of twenty-six was dubbed '* ROBCÍUS," an affec- tation which did not turn thc youthful player's, head. The Dublin verdict was endorsed by that of London. Garrick, like Bctterton, made his greatest effect in the ghost scenes. " When he first saw thc vision the fear with which he seemed to bc filled immediately com- municated itself to his audience. His expostula- tions, though warm and imperativo, were yet restrained by a filial awe. Tho progress of his impassioned sensation until thu ghost beckoned him to retire was accompanied with an admir- able mixture of terror and reverence." A character of Garrick's Hamlet was thc note of filial piety struck in the first scene with tho ghost. Ho was also excellent in thc various soliloquies, making his greatest effect in thc speech commencing "Oh what a rogue and peasant slave am I." Garrick's pathos in tho conclusion of Hamlet's exhortation with his mother was also particularly fine. "Davy," who was perpetually endeavouring to improve Shakespeare, made a wild and wonderful version of " Hamlet." Among other things lie complexly whitewashed Laertes, mid he cxpuugud thc characters of I thc gravediggers and young Oerie. Laertes was also at first provided with a dying spoech, which wai so well received by the audience that it was speedily transferred to Hamlet, Garrick's Hamlet was followed by that of John Henderson (1747-17S5), familiar in stage history as the "Bath Roscius." Henderson, as Shylock, successfully challenged compari- son with Macklin, but iic is most famous for his Falstaff. His Hamlet, nevertheless, had its good points, chief of which was thc exquisite music nf his voice in thc apostrophe "tile fair Ophelia." But thc Garrick wor- shippers would havo none of him as Hamlet. They found fault with him for thron ing away tho portrait, of his uncle in thc famous scene between the Queen aid Hamlet, and, again, for retaining it, after the dissertation on the brothers, nor did he inanago his hat pro- perly on seeing tho ghost! But his most heinous offence Tay in the famous closet scene, ia which be did not upset, tho chair according to tradition, " Mr. Garrick, sir, always overthrew thc chair," complained tho ad- herents of thc grcnt little man. George Frederick Cooke (175fil8I2), who excelled greatly in other characters, wus a complete failure OB Hamlet, who was converted by him into "an unpolished, obstinate, sarcastic madman." The three Kcmbles-John Philip, Charles, and Stephen-all tried Hamlet, thc moat suc- cessful of tho trio being the elder, John Philip (1757-1823), who, thanks to the influence of his sister, Sarah Siddons, made his first appearance on tho boards of Drury bane Theatre, on thc 10th of September, 1783, as tlie Dane. Kciublc's Hamlet, in those carly days was "too scrupulously gracelul." In later years Hazlitt WUB moved to minimal ad- miration of IIÍH impersonation :-"There he was, thc sweet, thc graceful, the gentlemanly Hamlet. Tile scholar's eye shone in him with learned beauty, ¡''thjo soldier's; spirit decorated his person ; the beauty nf his performance was its retrospective air, its intensity and abstrac- tion ; His youth seemed ' delivered over to sorrow. Later actors have played thc part with more energy, walked more in the sun, dashed more at effect, piqued themselves more on thc Birth of a foil ; hutJCcmble's sensible, lonely Hamlet has not "been surpassed." Kcinblc's Hamlet was eminently scholarly und intellectual, but too studiously graceful and too cold to be entirely effective. Stopheu Kcmblo, who wis so obese that he played Falstaff without padding, occasionally "at- tempted Hamlet for Iiis benefit, when thc lines, O, that tilts too. too solid flesh would melt, Thaw', mid resolve itself into a dew. provoked thc 'smiles, rather than tlie sym- pathy, or the audience. A famous Hamlet of thc carly pirt oF thc century was Charles Mayne Voting (1777 1850). Hi» great hits wore made in thc intensity and vigour of thc play scene and in tho fencinc scene. His scenes, between Hamlet and Opnelia and between Hamlet and the Queen lacked tenderness. Edmund Kean (1787-1833) played Hamlet nt Drury Lane for thc first lime on 12th March, 1814, having two months previously saved the theatre from ruin by Iiis magnificent per- formance bf Shylock. His Hamlet cannot take ra"k with his Othello, Shylock, or Iago. In several respects it was tho traditional stag« Hamlet. In many scenes thc virulence nf his Hamlet was out of place, and in others, notably in tho last act, where he exclaims, "Tts I, Hamlet, tho Duke,'he wanted force. He ci eal ed a tine effect in tba scene with Ophelia, at the end of which Koan used lo return from tho very extremity of the «tage, fake Ophelia's hand, hiss it with tender rapture, look mournfully upon her with eyas full of beautiful significance, and then rush off tho étage. MAçready's Hamlet was'monoto nous, harsh, and severs ; successful only in the play scene. Charles Kean's Hamlet waa careful and polished, hut painfully lachrymose and extremely slow. Fechter was ineffective in thc play and closot scenes, making his hast hit in tlie Bcenc with Ophelia. Sympathetic, delicate, handsome, and with long flaxen curls, quivering, sensitive nostrils, fine eye and sympathetic voice, he perfectly repre sciitcd that graceful prince, but he did not touch thc tragic Btop in bis rendering of Hamlet. 