i I 1BT f CHAP. I. !1 ATHER GROSVENOR, whojived f r fn'Enbto' own, wajr j tdld| bpl ay % his' housekeeper that tf yong girl was waiting for him in the hall of the nreshy terjL,. ... The__ visitor wore. ju. i , & aud£fttmti "cbnmtelytkieeale Bbr': features; but no disguise could hide HihartrhWas nbrsUcb iKihlly s&ugh;'t him. 1 L 'j ' 1 1/ .! > " Well, child," he said, " what may I do for you ?,r r- Jf--t-wi|yake jlt ,as. o ailfwered- givefine tHpled Completely put out by the direct and slightly, ughty - reply,; not- lee nil way to continue "the "couversa- flippy Gehtly ppeqipg the , qor ;of, an ' oratory close at kana, he disclosed a pretty litte tabemaole befol, which a lamp was brightly burning/' A slight shudder ran through the poor girl. He , beckoned her to kneel, and with a I yo(c fujk ( pf emotion, spoke the words of the pledge, which she solemnly re peated. When she rose, he said : "Be fore we part, my child, you will do, I hope, just one thing for me. You won't refuse me, please," rnd be drew from bis purse a large silver piece. The sight of it brought the impetuous blood to her cheek. " Father, I do not wont money. I havq plenty of my own," she Baid. "It is not money," replied the priest. " I would not dream of offering you money. It is a silver medal, whose real owner is— I know not where." " Well," said she, taking after some hesitation the medal from his hand, " thank you, Father, and good- night. I wish I dare say — God bless you !" „ Out she went into the starlit, snow- covered street, and straightwu/ . made for her home. She reaehed home after a little while and went immediately to her room. Drawing an arm-chair in front of a bright fire, she sat down before it, somewhat less sad, but more than usually pensive. "Well," she thought, "I feel hap pier now that I have done it at last. One link to hell is broken, but whatjs that to those who are chained by so many ?" She took from her pocket the medal given her by the priest. It was a first communion medal. For some minates it made her dream sadly of happy days long gone by, and then, with a trem bling hand, she tut ne.«l the obverse side uppermost and read in bright clear-cut letters - 1871. Emily Mary Haroreavks. "-Great God !y she cried, " it is my own medal ! That, or my poor, troubled brain is not working right." In a moment all the room seemed to go round and round. She swooned away and softly fell to the hearthrug. Next day she left her house, beauli< fully dressed, but with an eye to what ever might give her a matronly air. She called at the priest's house, and when Father Grosvenor was told thut a strange lady was waiting for him in the parlour, he went at once to see her. " Father, I came about a young girl," said the visitor, who called, on yon last evening to take the pledge. I am interested in her, and she is greatly pleased with the lovely medal you bo kindly gave her." " Thank God !" said Father Gros venor, very earnestly, "thank God! 1 am so glad I gave it to the poor child ; though," he added with a smile, " I scarcely should have. You won't tell her what I am going to say to you ? It might spoil all." "I promise you," she answered j " she shall hear it, if at all, from you alone." " Well, then," he Baid, " I was wrong to have given it. It was not mine, but was confided to me for an other. I don't know, now by what sudden impulse I acted, for impulse it surely was, as far removed as could be from purposes or even deliberation. I had had it three years— more— three y ars last July— and since then J had t i . .... | bought the poor chdjwillrtlnwMpjit J ;s. I was pu o "jJllpg couid ronciffiA|®niy Undertaking the task.- 1 Fa tuery --Twill pray for you and for her,' he said— they were near his last words—' and, -ntfrtk jfreflyfau at $od wil1 fih4h6iyetC Efiit.tdbl me,"? said Father 'Gr olive rtf or, " you seem tired ; when I get on the topic of thse jioor jytureB, the garrulous." \- ,« No, Father? noyou are interesting . (me/beyQnd . <rapaSjUTB; Please tell me, for good may come of it. But," she said, Perhaps I am asking what you . may uot tell." a at all j I am perfectly free. I will tell you all, and leave it to yojir .discretion what use you may make of it." " Father, thank you," said she, as she turned her cbair from the light, and, under pretence of adjusting her veil, slightly lowered it. " Well, it is a very short story. Some four years ago a clergyman called on m« — a tall, slight, priestly-looking man, with silver-grey hair in advance of his years, I imagine. He was slightly stooped. I think I never heard ou9 speak with a voice so gentle and so 6weet. He wanted permission to say Mass in my chnch, which he did every morning for well-nigh a month. Many a time, late and early, I met him walking through the streets of my parish, in every sort of place, and I thanked God every time I saw him. The sight of him was a sermon to my flook — so prieetly, so venerable, so thoughtful, gazing with the privilege of a stranger at every old place. The people nsed to come out of their doors to look after him, and the little chil dren, just to have a word with him, asked if there was no one he ,was looking for. " A. month went by and brought the first morning he did not come to say Mass. A whole week passed, but he did not come. One night, befoie I had retired to rest, I heard the bell violently ring. It was a sick-call to a house in Sydenham Villas, where I found the dear holy priest He was ill, but not very ill — able to talk cheer fully for a long time, and seemingly glad to have some one to talk with. As I rose to leave, my eyes fell on a beautiful cross of dark ebony lying on his table, and I remarked how beauti ful it was. 'Yes,' he replied, aad suddenly I saw his face grow pale, and big tears stand in his eyes ; ' it is beau tiful. I am very fond of it. . It was given to me by the dearest child I ever knew, and, Father,' he added, 'in a few days it shall and must b9 yours.' Thero it is on my writing-desk behind your chair," said Father Grosvenor to his visitor. " Good God !" she said, " what a lovely story !" and she slightly turned her chair from where the writing-desk stood, and clutched its arms to keep herself steady. " Am I tiriag you ?" Eaid the Father. " No," she answered, " indeed you are not. Ooly, I am such a poor bun dle of nerves. Please don't mind me ; I am so interested." " Well, then, I will hurry on. Every day I called, for 1 knew his illnesB could not last long. My sixth visit was my last, and never till I see a saint die again shall 1 see 6ueh a death. ' Now, Father,' he said to me, ' you have done all for 'me, or nearly all ; but there is one thing yet. Look at that medal. There is a name upon it you may read. I lost her, and came here on a slight clue to find her. Three things were my hope had I succeeded — her First Communion medal, her devo tion to her mother, and her love for me. Keep that and give it to her, and give her this also — 'tis her mother's picture, with a few words written on it— and give her lastly my blessing on earth and promise her my prayers in Heaven. Mind, you'll find her.' In less than a quarter of an hour he was dead, with the ebony orucifix clasped in his bauds. Her mother's pioture," said Father Grosvenor, " is in the drawer of that table." All was now becoming very vague to 1 I to the poor girl,-WHHreme " the drawer, and presenting it to her. It was a large cabinet photograph, £wTpEt|ifee words underwritten in a rfaeWre hand : " Emily,- dearest, come back. I have forgiven you." " Well, she may, but God in Heaven never will !" exclaimed the poor crea-. tore, with impassionate ardour. "If ever girl sinned against the Holy Ghost, it is she." " Ob, child," said Father Grosvenor, " do not say so. There is no such sin except final impenitence, and surely you won't say that to her. Don't you remember that God declares, 'should even a mother forget us, yet will not He?" ' " Is there, then, power in Heaven or on earth to forgive her?" she asked, clasping her hands. " Yes, child, if she were a thousand times worse," he said, alarmed at her fierce passion . " Then, Father, hear my confession ; I will tell the worst before 1 kneel down — I am Emily Margaret Bar- greaves." " God is good and God is great," was bis only answer. "Just wait a little here — I will"" not keep, you long ; and when I Bend, come to me in the church." . She then turned round, knelt at the writing-desk, looked at her own cruci fix, and kissed it again and again. The sealed fountain of her heart was loosed, and in an outburst of grief she bathed it in a flood of tears, saying : " My God and my all,-! have found Thee again !" . . In three days she left the world, and placed herself under the care of the Good Shepherd Nuns at Highland Park. The. peaceful eolitnde|wa8 Para- diso to her, now that her heart had ceased to be ill at ease. (To be Continued.) 