WILDFLOWEfi. ? = — ? ? : — 3 0 OK III. CHAPTER- lIJj&-(Co$TmbxD?): ; ' Miss Stanmore, feaid he, addressing the elder lady, '?« will you take pity on a desolate individual, who is almost -without; a friend in this happy crowd of faceB?' » Oh 1 Sir — pity,*' simpered. Mies Stan moTe, pursing up her thin lips and casting down her eyes. ' I am sure that I shall be happy to assist you as far as it lies with in my power,' « Might 1 have the pleasure of a re introduction to your niece,' said he ; ' Mra Clifton -went so quickly through the for mula, and sashastily drew her away, that I feel myself top great* stranger to solicit the honor of lieV hand for~the./pext, dance.' ' Ahem, ses, ahem, yes! Rosamond, my dear, let rue introduce Mr. Arnold Hern to you — younLr Mr. Hern of the Hall.' Kosaoiond, somewhat surprised at this second ?introduction, slightly bowea, and blushed vividly beneath the earnest gaze directed from the stranger's eyes towards her. ?'. ? ' kl Our first introduction was so hastily hun-i'-d. through, Miss. Stanmore,' said ae to Kopamond, '. that I dared hardly venture to aiidrGa.s j'oa -upoit such, slight premises, or to request- the favpr'^of yon* fe^Jid for ?—* 'I'm en *-aeed next dance, Mr. Hern,' replied Rosamond, trembling at she knew not what;. 'I beg your pardon, ; I did not know 1 that,'' said Arnold. 'The next?' Kosa I monil bowed. I . Arnold looked instinctively at the com I panion of Ros&mond;, and found himself I face to face with his cousin Avics — that. cousin. of whom he had never heard a word before. The old affrighted look passed across the face of A vice, upon meeting his glance. I ' Well, cousin mine ! YVill you take pity on a forlorn cavalier, Miss. Hern ?' I . ' I ain — that is — ' ' Wliy don't be childish, dear !' cried Mi6s Jane Stanmore, 'you said that you -were not engaged, this instant — cousins, too! dear, dear, Avice, how strange you are to-night !' Avice, with a bewildered air, took the arm of Arnold Hern, and he led her from her friends.' The eefca were nearly com plete, and they had formed. part of one an instant, when. Avice said hastily to him — ' I cannot dance — I feel faint, Mr. Hern —you must excuse me ; pray lead me to a eeat.' ? ? ? Mr. Arnold Hern hastily complied, and took the vacant place beside her. ' Do you feel unwell, Miss Hern P' he asked. ' A little faint, that is all,' said Avice, shuddering. ' Why do you refuse to dance with me, Mies Hern?' he asked, somewhat sharply. ?? You cannot bear me any ill will ; this is our first meeting.'' ' It is all so incomprehensible,'' mur mured Avice, ' ypu are his son j your name i is Hern ?' i: .1 ? ?'. '..;._..,.*.?..-? '' --' : ' Certainly,' -feaid he, Bhrugging his shoulders. 'And the enmity which you appear' to 'bear my ikfiief mu8fctdescend to the son by legacy, Miss Hern ? Strange !'' ' What's that strange ?' asked a gruff voice. The band which struck up at that moment drowned Avice' s faint cry of alarm; and when she recovered herself, Arnold Hern was missing, and Walter Hern was seated in his place. ' Well, Avice, and so you hate me because I was poor and ragged ones — me, your fatlier' sown brother f1'- ~.~'_ .~':~^ : : :~ *„' ' I hateno;o^§,'mnrmurea3Lvice; 'but' your presence Here, what does it mean ? what do you threaten. P' Tbe name of Waltar Hearn had been £0 long connected in her mind with guilt, there was still so much to suspect him of, that she could but shrink appalled from his very look, as she had shrunk in tlie years past, when he met her coming from school, in the back streets of Westminster. [ ' Threaten I' echoed he, ' have I ever threatened anything, eo dreadful, that you should give way to these horrible stares ? I'm not a ghost or murderer, girl — I am I four friend.' I 'Not mine ; you cannot be mine,' mur mured Avice. ' Avice Hern, you've been taught to hate me,' said her uncle, ' your ears have been poisoned with exaggerated accounts of ?what a bad eon I waB, and what a reckless vagabond I have always been. You can know nothing against me,' ' Nothing to which I could bring con clusive proof,' said Avice, regaining her firmness, ' but everything against you in my own belief. Why have you come here?' ' To settle down in life — to turn over a new leaf, if Jrou like — to forget my old waye, everyone of them,' replied Hern. I ' Ah ! you don't ; believe me ; ^ell, my I actions muBt prove that. Avice, upon my I eoul 1 mean you well! I have come to I Sanderstone to forget the past, to spend I my money like a gentleman, and to help I my friends. Is there any way in which I I can help youP' 'None!' , I ' There may come a time -when yon may I require help, and then -who bo fitting as the I brother of Hern of Bernswood P' said her I uncle. ' I make the offer, niece ; accept I it when you will, and do*'t believe me quite so black as I'm painted. There, I j keep you fronV the dancing.1' . I He rose, and with the old. slouching gait, I that no increase of fortune or rising self I importance could get rid of, h« crossed to I Mies Stanmore, and found quite a compla I cent listener to his stories, of how he had I lost every hand at whist, what a party he I should give ^at the Hall one fine day, and I what a Bweet'-g^rJ^ifi'j^iec9.-J)ad grqijrn— ; lie loved her more than^ver.!: ....::;..;.._ ;..? : -_ I Avice sat w&fee; fatter Serfi K&dlefp; l^er, alone and thoughtful. The dance had ? absorbed the greater number of her friends, land excluded herself, a few forsaken jladieB, .Waltei Hern j. and Miss JaneStan Imore, and one or two gentlemen lounging pear the door. . :r; ' * ' I She tried to fix her mind upon the one Ifact—that Walter Hern was at Sander I stone. In what manner wa« she to act ?towards him for the future P The music I Wearied her, the dancers glancing by dis Itnrbed her attention ? JRo&amond; * eemed very happy with Mr. Edward Clifton for a partner, and she, Avice, felt very dull and miserable. So Avjce, unobserved, flitted off to the cardroom : the . guests were less noisy .there, and. she could think more in tently, standing behind her guardian's chair, and looking at the game. She found Mr. Stanmore deep in whist, with Mrs. Clif ton -for bis partner. He. looked up, with his grave face softening into a smile, as her light 'hands touched his shoulder, and said — 'Ah I Avice— alone f' ' Yes, Sir,' she replied, ' I have a headache to-night, and this room is a re lief.' ' Have you seen your uncle ?' he asked. ' Yes, and spoken to him.' ' Ha said that he should seek you out, and make friends,' said Stanmore, playing j his game quite correctly ; 'he is a rough ! gentleman — but honest in the 'main. You j will get on very well together in good time, my ward.' ' I hope so.' ' Not that there ?will be ever much con geniality of sentiment between his crude i ness and the gentleness of Avice Hern,' I said Stanmore in a lower tone, ' but still i the tie of relationship is strong, and there's ! a very handsome cousin, Avice ?' I There was one of his old bright looks : directed ..to Avics-, who . smiled faintly in i return. ?? .'The -presence of the Herns was too deep a subject for a jest for her. ' *' , ' Meanwhile the ball continued ; . the music sounded merrily from the. adjoining room, and no one missed Avice Hern, whose slight figure still remained behind ' the chair of the grave, handsome widower, who had become too interested in 'the play of his trump cards to continue the .dialogue I with, his ward. . . .. . Koga.rn.ond danced with Arnold Hern. It j was a very embarrassing dance, for her partner had but little to ' say, and few : words .with which; to relieve guard. He did not part with, her after the dance, but after leading her to a eeat took took the vacant one beside her, still silent and half frowning. When, there were signs of a new dance on the tapis he bit his lips, strummed impatiently on the floor with his left foot, and finally rose. ' I have bean a, very poor partner, Miss Stanmore,' he said, lialf apologetically and half roughly,' ' dull as a bear — yet it has been the happiest quarter of an hour of niy j life.' Hosamond might have laughed at this compliment from anyone else. .If Mr. Clifton had hazarded the remark, she would have had a playful arch rejoinder where with to respond, but young Hern said it so impetuously, frowning at the band of musicians meanwhile, as if they were his deadly enemies, and he strode away in so rude a manner after its conclusion, that Eosomond first turned pale, then scarlet as a peony, and then pale again. He certainly was an eccentric young man! Arnold wandered about at the back of the dancers all the next quadrille, staring up at the two old- fashioned glass chan deliers with, their clusters of wax lights, criticising the paper on the walls, and rolling tne white glove he had drawn off his left hand into a hard balL Then he talked to Mr. Clifton, who was likewise not dancing-, screwed his glove into a tighter ball than ever during the conference, left Mr. Clifton and marched to %he door of the cardroom, looked in, stroked his mous tache, caught sight of Avice, and marched back again. After remaining for about five minutes at the ballroom door, he suddenly started toward Rosamond, stopped half way, took a zigzag course, and engaged himself to Miss Mistleford for the next dance, -and drew on a. new pair of white kids for the occasion. When that dance was over he joined his father and Miss Jane Stanmore, who were talking about «? fashionable preachers,' left them almost as soon as he had joined them, and biting Mb lips nervously, advanced to wards Rosamond, and requested the honor of her hand for the next dance. ? : Rosamond was going into the card room when her aunt was disengaged, and sure enough here was Mr. Edward Clifton coming across to escort her. ' Arnold bowed and moved away, saun tered in a nonchalant manner into a remote corner, took a vacant Beat, put the five . tips of the new kid glove on his right hand between hie teeth, and had a good swear to himself for no ostensible reason that outward appearances could suggest. Rising, much refreshed, he rejoined his father, and asked sullenly ' if he was '? going home.' ' ' Not yet, Arnold, boy, not yet ! ' re plied Hern, ' why you're, not tired of it?1' ' Tired and eick as a dog ! ' said Arnold, peevishly, 'you're not going to : stay for the confounded supper, are jovl?' 'Why not?' [ Arnold did not reply, he was watching Mr. Clifton, Rosamond, and i/er aunt passing through the doorway. . ' Why not ? ' asked Hern, a second time. ' Why not, what! ' said the son sharply, ' what are you harassing - about in the - devil's namel Whose'e bouquet's that?' he eageily asked, as he pointed to a cluster of exotics, nestling in laced paper on the crimson seat. 'Miss Stanmore'e, she's just put it down.' ?'-.'.''.. ; Arnold snatched it up and hurried from the room, returning an instant afterward - with the bouquet still in his hand. 'Why should I trouble myself about , giving if to her,' h* said with a laugh, as '. he tossed it back to the place from which ' he had taken—it ; ' I'm getting too polite . for this-world— eh, father ?' ' ; Waiter Hern grinned, and showed all his ', yellow teeth beneath his bushy mous tache. . .. '.??''.' - ....'.-'. - There was a flower .missing' from the , bouquet, thrown backso roughly to its place, a whiteroBebud— butthat might hays fallen iy3Ka~w1£y.. If eo improbable a thing had t occurred as the abstraction of the flower by the felonious hands of. Arnold Hern, he ( had jumped at a wrong conclusion, and ( was prematurely romantic, for the bouquet j was Miss Jime Sjtanmbre's, a-'d his ,;i&ther; ', had implied as much ajb the time, ial^liougli . Arnold .had forgotten $hat estimable lady's existence; -...'v .?'??-.. '. '. '.'':? ???'..- '' ?'?:[ '': '?'.'. ? When Walter and hie son 'strolled into the card-room,' the .Stanmores and Avice had gone home, and to Arnold the ball for ^ the rest of the evening was * very sscond- - t* j G&£& Sfirij c- . -'7- .-.?' ' .'_?..'-' ???''?.'.' ?? ?' . * i — . .t * - . . -? ri. ' ? -. ? .- ? ? ? ? * *-? ? water concern, Mr. Edward Clifton the most conceited puppy he had ever seen in his life, the Shrubbery itself a shabby genteel place, with dirty chandeliers, the whole house, not much, bigger than the coachhouse of the Hall, the quests old fashioned country people, and Mrs. Ciif-' ton a fat, double-chinned magpie, in purple satin. ' ? ?? CHAPTER IV. Bj the Fireside. In her own room, lit by the flickering light of the red fire, sits Avice. All is silent in the great houBe of* Olvertdn. They have been home an hour from the party, and Avice is left alone to recall what has passed during that long weary evening, and to have a good think to herself. ' . These 'good thinks' are refreshing at times. We all feel the want of them* on certain occasions, and would sacrifice much — the dinner party at pur friend the alderman's, the last act of the tragedy with the cup and dagger, and grand tablean, the song ?with ?which Mr. Romeo Jones is about to favor the company — for a few quiet silent moments in pur own chamber, where ' those people.' will come not— where we can take our aching head bursting to re flect and brood on the something 'wMch_ has. kept' us all the' '-long, long evening, smothering our brain beneath the heavy pillow of conventionality. How refreshing it is to Avice, after the noisy music, the. buzz-buzz of - the guests, the answering a thousand commonplace questions and receiv ing commonplace attentions, even after the ride home in the -carriage, wherein everybody has been silent, and Miss Jane Stanmore sleepy — to bid them all a hasty good-night, to enter her own room with its refreshing noiselessness, to close the door, lock it on the ineide, and sit before the fire, witn her little feet on the fender, her arms crossed on her lap, her slight form bent forward— to do all this and think without interruption. As she sits heaped together in the chair, the firelight glimmering on her face: — SQe has extinguished the candle-light — she ap pears to be the came child who was left be hind in the villa at Richmond, or the little girl in the black cotton dress, who used to walk sedately1 by the side of Mrs. Badge down Parliament-street, Westminster. Avice thinks of everything, of Berns wood, of her father, mother, Mrs. Podgie, even of Spot ; of the second era, and her dead grandfather, and Martha and Miss Wrickerton ; of the new home, the new school, tbe Stanmores and the Clif tons ; of the present night ; of era the fourth, and the party that has come off at the Srub bery. The fire begins to wane,* the shadow of Avice all of a bunch, which has been dancing in' the background so long, grows indistinct, a^d threatens to be engulfed in the darkness of the night ; the coals have burned hollow, and down in the hall there is a clock striking 12. The hour rouses her not, but a slight, gentle knocking, repeated thrice, calls her irom the deep well of her thoughts, and she rises to the summit, coil by coil, and stands once more in the present, listening attentively. She rises, and moves towards. the- door. ' Is that you, Rosamond ?' ' Yes, dear ! let me in. It is very cold standing here.' ? ? ? - ' Avice opens -the door ; and, 'Rosamond, wrapped in her dressing-gown, with a thick CaBhmere shawl spread over her shoulders, hastens into the room. « Wny ara you in the dark, Avvy dear 1' ' I put out the light when I ..first entered,' replied Avice ; ' but here's the fire — oh, it's nearly out!' Avice contrives to relight her night lamp, and then says — ' But, Rosamond, dear, I thought that you had gone to bed. Why we muBt hare been home an hour I' ' More than an hour, Miss Sly,' says Rosamond, seating herself close to Avice ; oh, more than an hour !' ' How did you know that I had not re tired to rest myself, dear Rosamond ?' askB Avice. ' I merely guessed, Avvy,' eho replies. ' I thought that I might find you up and thinking away, after your old habit.' 'Well?' ' Well, and furthermore, I thought how nice it would be to come . for a cosy half hour before I fell asleep — and chat about the Clif tons' party. ' Not feeling comfortable in the chair Rosamond transfers her position to one at Avice's feet, stirs the fire into a genial blaze again ; and then, crumpling her gol den curls moBt woefully, she rests her beau tiful head in A vice's lap, and looks up at her. *' Go on, Avice dear. . ' Go on about what, Rosamond ? ' ' About the party.' ' 41 1 do not .-know what to say about the party,' replies Avice, one arm instinctively dropping over the white heck of her friend, ' what is there to say, excepting that there Were plenty of guests, that Mrs. Clifton was as chatty as ever, that Mr. Mistleford played -whist in the old style, and trumped all' his partner's tricks', that Mr. Edward Clifton was half inclined to be jealous of some one I know, and forgot . all about himself and the set of his waistcoat in his anxiety, that there was a deal of criticis ing and 'pon honors* from thoBe- pale faced young men who wouldn't come farther into the ball-room than the first three feet, that Miss Mistleford was raptu rous, of course, and Rosamond Stanmore as-r—rr »'.':-. '.;'? . . . ? '? ?:'? ?:.;?? '?.'.???'v'.': 'As what, saucy Avice ?'' : and the fuU blue- .. eyes ara turned upwards - *o ' the speaker. i ' Shall;I go «n f» ' ' ..';?..' 'Oh yes I . and Rosamond Stanmore **- — '' '? .7 ' ?-i'-^-'-:7 '.-? '''? ?'*', ?'' ' As wild, incomprehensible, and pretty an enigma as ever 18 years brought into sxietence— as charming as ever to friends in general, but equally capricious and teasing to one in particular.' '?'&? '?'-??' ''?-? ?-?' (9P0 BB OOWmnJED, J .;?:? 