CRICKET GHATTIR. Br fmaxi The days are shortenings? inpidly that nt 0 o'clock the light is none too good for lmtsuicn. At least it was so on Saturday-on the lllaroy ground, when the local men met Melbourrife in the final round Mr''pen nant premiership. The weather Was charming, just like a perfect, Indian summer day in the States. On such an afternoon you copld bat, bowl, or field with relish, but of course you would bat if you won the toss, as the Fitzroy skipper did. The light suited batsmen exactly, arid the invigorating atmosphere made running between wickets quite a pica sure. The onlydrawback was that in SOiue instances the bats men did not stop long enough. Some of them would have preferred a oontinushce of the wholesome exercise of runhing up and doVrn the pilch, instead of being obliged, after a short stay, to walk book to the pavilion, and for the-rest ot the day play the passive part of spectator with'the non-playing public. A Fitzroy player who had the satisfaction of not join ing the lookers-on until he hade plenitude of exercise was R. Mitchell, who ran up and down the pit oh for a long spell, find flnallv, when he walked to the pavilion—walked with ■ blushing honours thick upon him in the shape of an excellehtty-obtained 106. .Vfhen he went in the record looked none too promising from a Fitzroy standpoint," three good men having fallen for 31, namely. Leydin, Hannah., and the old favourite VJocky" Drysdale. Leydin was caught smartlv in ; the slips by O'Halloranfor a well-played It, Drvsdaie ! was admirably caught fit point by Aitkenj and I Hannah, after totting Vup 15 lu a creditable manner, gave Denis Cotter a-show tt> stamp bim, and that Sever wicketkeeperlost notimejn dexterously avail Tlius it came to pass that Phil Knuckey was none too radiant in contemplating' the state of tin he'register at the initia pn of the partnership between, the natty Ambrose asrant ana the smart and busy "Bob" Mitchell, isfore the severance of that partnership Phil imself again, and so was every other Fitzroy it, for the pair between them put on no an 104, carrying the score from 81 for 3 to 135 for 4 wickets. 0. Boss tried oil he to effect a dissolution, except that he did tve a shot with the leather himself. He doesn't iwl'a bad ball, And might have nobbled a wicket with one of those deliveries of his which J. M'Caithy Blockham delights in terming a " leg-twizzie." Modesty, however, overcometh many captains. Just when M.O.O. players and supporters were getting -tired of seeing the tens go up, Kelly had a slice of good iuok ipeffgoting the dismissal ot Ambrose Tarrant, who. was singularly unfortunate in playing an easy one on to his wicket when the popular little Fitzroyite seemed fairly set for the day. Ambrose's contrinution of 41 Was in ketping with bis high repute as a bats man. His cuts, leg-glances, and drives were executed with the ease, freedom, mid finish of on artist, and the merit ot his display Was adequately ac knowledged ' on his return to the pavilion. Mitchell went on his run-getting way rejoicing, until, nt length, he received his quietus from Kelly, the Richmond City crack, who is lending his Aid to Melbourne in tfat6 match. At Mitchell's fall the board read 8 —100—219, and the spontaneous and hearty outburst of acclamation as the left-hander strode to the reserve bore fitting tribute to the worth of his innings. His able essay was of the utmost value to his side, and It con be said of him that his off-play was simply first-class, except for an occa sional uppish stroke caused by lack of proper timing. His cutting all through was excellent, and his strokes in front of point were for the most part executed with telling effect. To leg he is not seen to so much advantage as on the off, but forall that he scored fairly well in that direction, and now. and then had all the wood on in executiug pulls. A debit is down against Mitchell in the form of a chance to Cotter at the wiokets, and this, with a possible show' to Uissling, constitute the only blemishes upon a very spirited and attractive Exhibition. He hit eleven 4's, "and through Overthrows be is (audited with a 6 and. n fi.. T. Hastings pat to gether *'K'."in foic form, Abd > Brooks, the .Rich mond City junior, can be corpplbueiited on his sterling defensive eas»y tor t! (not out). M'Kirdy rattled up 17, which included three successive fours off Kelly ; and BeacSmm was not sent to the right about until he had contributed 23 by pretty good cricket. The lost wicket put' on 44 runs. The M.O.O. bowling was not of a class to elicit high men tion, though at times some good overs were sent down. J. Wilson, who took 3 for 63, was for the most part of the erratic order, and I bare seen Kelly bowl much better than he did on Saturday. His figures are 4 for 85 off 182 balls. CfHnlloran, of the M.CJ.O. ground staff, took 2 for 80 off 102 bolls. H. It'Lean delivered 18 trails for 14 runs; they were nearly all head balls. If A. Aitken has another try I would advise bim^M^JHSfi Jriiwq. up a Lit. The fielding of Mj0Tk vubjiy iB&iqnees; capital.' Aitken, IrwityTUa)^y^4oes, iiavrkihs, Md Green did sound work./Lhave seen Cotter ibh&Krtrim; with the gloves, fbubdor aft -thrt. he acqmt&Bvhimself; tolerably w^U^Melh#urpjlf g^^rf^light, I^st one wicket for 7,\u0Me lost dww^9#er, Whpbopped M'itirdy intCMUfehnde of Torrant at iula-os. The attendance wahtafci- And- amongst th&b; present*1 observed the pt^ldn1r4PUteipD^.AHu^W'ardill, B. IV. Best, M.L. A-ThmtfltheislindudipgO. Worrall, who could not play owingTh'm'slnclirROt in bowling at Hariy Trott in the South Melbourne mateb. F. Walters, 1 note, has been omitted from the M.C.O. team. Against North Melbourne he was chosen when M'Leod, Trumble, and Phillips were in the team. These three are now absent, and Walters is not good enough for a second-rate M.C.O. team. _ \Vhst a sad falling off on the. part of Walters this indicates, or can it be a vagary of the U.C.C. selection com mittee ? 0. M'Iraod could not play for M.O.C. owing to absence in the country on a holiday tour. • Tom Flynn is looking in fine trim after his Ade laide trip. He informs rue Mist the chance given by George Giffen to Oariton was by no means very hot or difficult, and thatCarttou should easily have taken it, Asa matter of fact every Victorian said, "Oh Jock 1" .when be dropped it George should also have been caught at the wickets and stumped. On the Fitsioy ground I met the veteran enthu siast and old Kewite, Air. Trumble, father of the well-known cricketer*. He had reoeived a letter from "Hughey" from Albany. Hugliey had not escaped the' disagreeable atouiachic derangement which troubles rufny on a sea trip, nor had the popular ".Willy" Bruce, nor Mrs. Bruce. But when " Hugney" wrote.hia .letter they were fast getting right, and bed already taken steps to prepare a pitch on deck in order to keepdhcinselves in form during the voyage. Mr. Trumble has also reoeived a letter from the old Intercolonial warrior, J.W. Trumble, who has been wintering in the south of Franoe. J. W. is m fine health,*nd means to go in strong for cricket this Mowr^^ItojjUnd. He will probably play with the . Ernie Bean inVorine me that South Melbourne atwayswin tl.e toeawhtm tfiey play North. Melbourne, and this being ao^ the Northerners hod to take Urn, field on Saturday last, vvhiile the Southerners f -Imi tated themselves on being jna position tohat first on an excellent pitch In beautiful weather. The display of batting during theaftcmoon wes notof a character calculated to wmrmtfffihaarteot spectators, of whom, by the way, there wsshbStiUd muster. But, though the Wring ^ » gnj' It WOS nea^.SQUIld, and uniform, and thesupporters of the red ana white m|UMUUWII»| «MU UlCBUlWWIWiV wi v»*v twu wnw ■'•••" ye re satisfied yiththe rate # the spore-sheetat the; Close of the daybpUyTahovring as it did, 187 for 6i wloketa. The best performance was by Bowman, who bos had downrightbod luck this season. On the present oooaBionlam glad to be able.tossy he was the Bowman of old, and In composing his 66 (not out) he not pidy keptjthe hall along the carpet—(oan .... j. .r^rsc .. jjsl)journeftcarpat1>— advantage in artistio leg-. ^ni^t strokes to cover.:' .^^Ipwaselor about two hourain .HU| tell you that this .w latehf mrijHhisiMhW^Ma part is due more to: ftah lfiif^^^Minu than to any desire m 1*8 piirt to refrain ifKhnpiiing up runs. If Som e ^.JofeW:fbt«i4«rteafficrSsMve emay it can at least: correct, eicept^-tor-w^ 'stroke touwnditmd on,t^ei^^uldliPdpMve beenwught,but? tq go for the chanseltwould Vrayebecnallup, with Bam, for there was nCMpin in the eyes of Krnmt.: Inglewh, the cmckelSl has been absentfront: Southern ranks foratihSTand his rcftPPesni'icra Jh«er; in woa signalisedto'ptKkwvinff coinribuUonbl44,; Wph containedooinegood;rtrok<yaud obtained them'by play quite, equal to the sterling and consistent .play Jiq- has exhibited in previous en counters at Fitzroy and Melbourne.. Harris shaped well Tor 18 (not out). The Northern bowling was really, good, but the crack Carlton failed to secure a wicket. The fielding was up to the mark, except In one or two coses. " Tommy" Fox with the gloves was Al. On Monday afternoon the V.O.A. selection com mittee chose the following players to represent Vic toria in the match, which will begin to-day, against West Australia on the M.O.C. ground E. Bean, J. Carlton, J. Harry, A. H add rick, K. Caver, P. I.ewts, R. Mitchell, 8. Morris, C. Ross, H. Stuckcy, A. Tar rant. Emergencies — A. E. Trolt, II. Maplestone. Umpire, II. Alessio; scorer, J. Taylor. . Old MaCj the well-known curator of the East Mel bourne Cncket-grouud, met with a sudden shock the other day. Accustomed for many years to water the ground in the evening after practice, he went out and fixed his hose on as usual. But there was no water. Next night it was the same, and Mac began (o think that something had happened. Everybody round about had water, but the East Melbourne ground had none. At last tbe cater authorities were interviewed and an inspection made, with the result that the cause or Mac's trouble was discovered. Mac had heard of such a thing, but nevei' before had practical experience of it. To be brief, the round unvarnished tale Mac delivers is that a peregrinating eel ?it. long, not satisfied with his happy home in the spacious reservoir among the hills, hail taken a trip to Mel bourne fortbc Easter holidays. The many devious ways of city pipe life proved too much for his eel ship, and finally he gave up the ghost upon reaching that salubrious spot at the north-eastern corner of the .folimont enclosure. When old Mac heard it was on eel that choked the pipe he had visions of a piscine feed, but presently an application'of forefinger and thumb to. the nasal organ of a vprkiuau convinced Mac that the eel was a. shade too high. Torn Hannah and his comrades inhaled the sea air on their own ground at Williamstown alt the nfter noon against 'the Garitbiiians, Who Sent up SSI for five wickets. The chief scorer was Wame. the Ormond Junior, who resumes next Saturday with 132 not out to Ids name. He combined fair punishing power with strong defence,. and, though lie had ncaSOnXo be grateful to the fieldsmen once or twice, his innings may lie warmly praised. Second, but a long way off, came If. Freeman, - and this capable batsman played his customary legitimate game in totting up 41, marked by good strokes all round the wicket. Others entitled to mention are Watling (34), Leith (27 not but), and Pullar (25). C. Grubb, Warren, Aughtie, and Hannah did the bowling, and they were pretty well supported in the field. Though Alf. Haddrick had to retire leg before first ball to Tom Trumble, and that neat batsman White head departed for 3, smartly caught at the wickets by Johns off M'Lcoa, this discouraging opening of the yellow and black was speedily changed. The pair who effected the alteration were Lewis and Tatchell, and they performed so remarkably well that when a separation took place the score haa been carried from 3 for tw o wickets to 2(11 for three w ickets. Tatchell'sshure of the addition of 193 was 83, and he has seldom, if ever, played more brightly or attractively, and to his credit, be it said, his essay was devoid of the semblance of a chance. At home from the start, he played in strong forward style, lost, no opportunity of laying the wood on, and looked like staying all the afternoon, when suddenly Quirk collared him off M'iiood. Though Lewis lost tbe comrade whose efforts had becu sa fruitful, he did not lose his own wicket, but kept on right merrily to the end, ami found on returning to the reserve that he had amassed the excellent score of 121 not cut, which included sixteen 4's. His batting was of the type which pleases lookers-on, for it was free and vigorous from first to last, and the only drawback is that his exhibition cannot be bracketed witli Tatchell's as having been entirely chanceless. The Richmond record stands at 248 for four wiokcts. Green was responsible for 13, and El wards for 11- not out. The University team worked well throughout East Melbourne second opened their final pennant fight, and their opponents (M.C.C.) dismissed them on a first-class pitch on the Melbourne ground for 144, of which J. Bruce made 25, Steel 24, Adams 21 (not out), Seuling IT, Ross 13, Boyle 10, and llealy 10. Figgis took five wickets for 43. Melbourne lost three wickets for 79, Jennings making 26, Peryman 24, and Corr 20. F. Laver is not the only member of the family nble to reach three figures, for 1 notice that his brother, A. Laver, for East Melbourne, played a fine innings for 102 (twenty 4's) against KewAsylum on Saturday, on the asylum ground. East, declared closed with 182 up for seven wickets, and the Asylum fellows rattled up 117 for two wickets, Bushell 51, and Ryan 39. If you take Purvis's 55 away from the Port Mel bourne total of 101 against East Melbourne the j remainder does not say much for the batting: of the majority of the team. Purvis's batting was first-rate ana fearless. A fiver and eight 4's are noted in his favour. The only other double is Russell with 10 well earned. tetchcr, who liad been absent from the East Melbourne ranks for a match or two, consented to take part in this contest, and he secured four wickets for 36. P. Costcllo captured three for 20. The Joliinonters fielded in good form, and in their turn with the willow they made 93 for two wickets. E. Laver showed brisk nnd powerful play for 43, and P. M'Allister, in his graceful and correct manner, put together 22. George Vautm will resume next Satur day with 17 to his name, and A. Carter w.h do ditto with 8. Purvis took the two Jolimonters who fell. On Wednesday Howlett, of East Melbourne, played a capital innings for 10S not out, against Cumloden College. His hitting was first rate ail round the wicket A young player, whose fine s' vle in terested me much, made 35 not out, and on inquiry I ascertained that he is a friend of .liiii Bruce, and down for a holiday from Brisbane. Me and Jim were in Philadelphia together at the University there, and they became fast friends, both being Australians. The Queeiuslander's name is Maedontdd, a fine young fellow, 23 years of age, with heaps of batting iu him. 1 had the pleasure of a chat with him, and found that his finished style and freedom of stroke all round the wicket is not the outcome of purely colonial j cricket He had met in England the famous William i Gunn, of Notts county, and at Beeslon, along the Trent, he had picked up a batting wrinkle or two < from th&t; famous player. Macdonald is a crack in the Queensland capital, and his average so far this season is 03 runs per innings for 11 innings. He has the privilege of ]»ossessiiig a perfect bat presented to him by. William Gunn, and it is the same l>at witli which _ Gunn scored his magnificent 103 at Hastings iu .September, 1891\. Maodonald is proud of it and lie ought to be, for a better bit of willow I never handled. 1 can only say that if the Queeuslanders can turn out a team up to the form 'of. Macdonald and Coninghntn, they certainly cannot be termed vainglorious in believing that they are in a jtosiiion to moke a good fight in intercolonial matches with New South Wales and Victoria. The young Quecnslander informs me that the association ground in Brisbane was 23ft. lOin. under water at the height of the flood, and the boxes containing their cricket material were found four miles away. Not much chance of getting set on that .wicket, on wh|chit may safely be affirmed " Flpod the wicket Dick" would be dean out of it. I ought to odd that a little lad named Armstrong played for Cumloden College, end pleased the Jolimonters: very much by his vigorous and correct hatting. A Williamstowner was peeping through the Carlton fence some time after the memorable protest match between Carlton and AVilliamstown, in connection with which it may be remembered W. H. Moule escorted from Jack Blnokhmn the notable admission tli&tbe; was a wicketkeeper and hod been to England as a member of an Australian eleven. While the Wil liamstowner was peeping a burly Oarltonian who had been out shooting passed along with gun and bag. Williamstowner gave .a cordial good day; but the The1 ... . .. .. . Carltonian returned; it rather ooldly, tor yon know Carlton was and is sore about that match having been given to WiUlamstown. Hot to be snuffed out the Williamstowner followed up his friendly " good day "witb ^' whathave jeu got in the bog, old fellow?' ' Then, indeed, came the crusher. Holding the bog oh nlghtheOnrUonlan gave it a flourish, and in a voice ■ of thvuirier. ^cyernbpiinrd . IViUianwtogn^vrtth Urn *<^>rt, "J)eftd wickets,.oM According to Cricket of flSrJ February ihe-oele* bruted bowler, GeorgetOhtni&n.ti; as Improved time he visited Oape-Todu for the benefit or his9health, lasted vices stated IhathewoscO. Geres, about 40 miles ■ from > Oope ToWta ,5? The climate of Ceres agreed with him sol wollthattteput on flesh and became almost the George of old. At Ceres he and MMirtte" KeadiUet the ,^JJ&tl;»hpUy*r,.*. A. M|wSklmi6n» < Maurice Riadteckhns hiulself the AfprquoltvlayerhtOtree. . : <•> J*r*VJ/ letter in at) adjacent oolumn from- Mr.: & & summer. If this lie true Yorkshire' w!Il be much weakened. ; , j.,. ■„. Maurice Bead's benefit match will J/eEngfeno v. • Australia at Kennlr.gton Oval on 'August 14 and following-days. There Is ho move deserving » pro-' fessionnlin England than Maurioe, airit this 4th<-' porlaut fixture should yield hhu something sob stanlial. Sain M'Mjchael is a Sender nou-, and his form on Saturday in making 54 on the Send ground was first* . rate. In a recent match at Hrim Springs, up Horsham way, between married ami single, the scores were— ' Married, 70 ; single, 70; married, 48; single, 46. Good old single won.by asingle. On Good Friday I had the-pleasure of a chat with Mr. Snsli, the enthusiastic supjiorter of, cricket froiu . Western Australia. He is a brother of ihevvell-kuowa ; Gloucestershire wicketkceper who was out here Willi IV. G. Grace's team in - 1S73-74. The Australian Mr. Sush lias a station aiiout COO miles /torn Perth, And amtually brings down a northern team to play the crocks of Per th. This tour of northerners is always * pleasant one, and you liave only io look at Mr, Bush and chat with him to feel very certain that the tour could not Ire otherwise. Tlie West Australians came to grief in South Aus tralia, tire local team whining by 10 wickets. At first . the visitors did excellently by getting rid of five wickets for 20, but Edwards GO, lteid 50, K gory is GO (not out), and Evans 32, ptaj ed so well that a tola! of 230 was realised. West Australia made 111, and In the follow on totted up 131. Korlli 25, 'Baternan SO; Otr 44, Duffy 42, and Hussey 14 batted well. Bishop, a left- handed bowler, took five of South Aus tralia (or 00, on a first-class pitch, the same, in fact, on which South Australia and Victoria played their recent interesting match. Yesterday the West Australians arrived from Ade laide, Mid on being met at Spencer-street by Mr. • Heather and others were driven to their quarters at ■ lire Oriental Hotel, .where Mr. Heather welcomed theur on lrehalf of the Association and cricketers of - Melbourne. In. the afternoon they practised on the . MJC.C. ground, and 1 had tire pleasure or a chat with several cf them, including Mr. North, their manager, ; and best hat. lie is an old Kugbv School player, and Shapes like an Englishman. Baienian is a bushy- . bearded, sLroiigfellow, and an all-round athlete. - He r is very fond of kangaroo hunting, and has often . aroused Back up at midnight in'Frcriiiurtle to start outon a kangaroo chase. The visitors are all de* ' lighted with the M.C.O. ground. I hear that F. l-aver will Ire unable to play. His place will be filled by A. E. Trott, 