WYAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW?. Mns. H. H. Jncccccco lives at No. 211, Halo-street, Bridgeport, a'nd 141i. Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is so old one, but lin good order. One night early in. Desember 11891) the two women locked all tihe doorm and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul In the honse. They left the~gas burning, however, is the front pennour. At about half- p uc it they returned, cod entered the house laughing and talking. But so th y went itot the parleur the merry humour died out of them is a second. Right in the middle of the reom steed a dark man, of gigantic stature. The upper part of lise face wee coneenlod by a mask, hto eyes gleamiug through the eyeheles in it. His ehirt-sleevee were rolled op, and in one hand be carried a long, old- fanhienea pistol. The women fled screaseiug from the room, and when Hr. den niges eame in, five minutes later, he found no one in the parlour, and all the dooms and windows secerely locked. What was it the w.omen sowT " During a resent period of ill health," writes an Amerlean friend, "I had slept badly for several succeusive nighte. Os the'fourth of these nights, about 2 o clock, I was suddenly amoused from a dune by setul seemed like ft/ culling of souarasse; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother, juut as she looked' five years before, as she wso leaving home to go on a journey, en which journey she wan killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foelish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gosoips anid It was a summons, and I never Would get welL. Yet I did, and am in perfeet health new. I believe that visions cams of my weak nerves, for I've never seen It since0 and it's more than three yeams ago now." N~o doubt it wee the serves. Why, there's no end to ibo tricks thesnerves willp lay offion you when your eyniemtlsout of eonditlen. In M 'actb, 1890, It was that .Mm. Jane fenter, of D~arrsott-road, Pokeedown, Hatea wrote us as follows :--" I seas so dreualjflp 2eee-ooe I c ould not hear anyone is the room with me, yet I did not. wish them far away, In ease should call out fer help. This was in June, 1889\. 1 eaept very badly, and in the looning felt little the better for having toene to bed. There-wes often a severe pa.in in my head sod over my eyes, and I was seek most of the time. My skin wee dry and yellow, aind the stomach end bowels felt eoid and desk. By-and-byel! had to lle helpless in bed. The doctor saiX he didu't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and couldtot retain even'that on my steomch. B* this time I was nothing but skin and bone. Mty memory com-. pletely failed. My bead ached so dreadfully I thought I sheuld leese my anuses, and my f riend/, agreed that I would never get better. "Ihad gives speall bope, when one day Mm?r. West, of Bournenmpth?, called and asked what I was taking. Shetold me she wee her' self ouie just as badly'off, and was cored by Mother Seigel's Curatlve Syrep. As she seemed to hars no munh~falth in this medicine, I tried it, sod in three days I ove able to walk across the roost, and by the end of the week I went downstairs..*?ow l am as well sq ever. I can eat and digeut my food, and all my nerveunneos bhe left me." ' The' malady hims. Foster suffered from wen indlge~tlon and dyspepsia and nervous prostra-. tion. The original- eanse was grief and shook as the violent death uf her husband by cc oiden% asd the system rallied only when the Syreplhid given new vigour te, the digestion, and chue fed and to nod the nerves. W'hktev'er may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ?heeet, it remaius true that must uncanniy viscous and sounds mewn nothing mere 'set less tha?n a set of nerves all upset by indigestion- and udyspepsia. !. Geoste come from ties lsideuf thu persns wuhesem them; and when M[bthhr Seigel's Syiop does ite work the eyes asd~eam entertain only what is "itoa and' wholesome... ?.... 