THE HAUNTED VICARAGE. We had been engaged eight years, Martin and I, ever, since I was seventeen and he twenty-four; and the "living." for which we had been patiently waiting had not been offered to him. Martin was still a hard-working curate in the smoky town where my father resided, and those kind friends who are always ready to play the part of " Job's comforters" began to hope "that Eleanor's long engagement would end in marriage after all." Great, therefore, was our satisfaction when a country vicarage was offered to Martin. The nomination came so strangely too. The living, had first been offered to one of his college friends, a much, older man than Martin; but as Mr. Brown wrote to say that he felt that a younger man would do better justice to the work of a scattered country parish, and that he had therefore mentioned Martin to his friend the patron, who was ready to offer him the living, it is needless to say this offer was thankfully accepted. The in- come was a fair one, at least to our modest views, and both of us looked for- ward to a residence in " the country " as only dwellers in a murky town are capable of doing. We felt quite touched by Mr. Brown's self- abnegation in declining Heathhurst for himself, at least until we saw the place. I am writing now of the days of my youth, some fifty odd years ago. Travel- ling was then a more difficult and expen- sive business than it is now-a-days, and our slender means did not justify, our making a long journey by coach to "prospect" our new abode before settling there. Martin had agreed to take the furniture of the Vicarage at a valuation from the executors of the former incum- bent (who had been an old bachelor and an invalid, and had resided in his parish without provoking episcopal censure, and the price asked for " plenishing " was so very moderate that Martin was willing to risk paying it without inspection of the articles named. Our quiet wedding, followed by a few weeks honeymoon at the seaside, then took place, and we left for our new home. Both of us were looking forward to a life of activity and usefulness. We reached Heathhurst with some difficultly \-- it appeared to be off the track of every line of coaches; but at last our post-chaise lumbered into the village at the close of a summer's day. My first impression of the place was that of dampness. The stragg- ling village was low-lying,and even on this July evening mists gathered heavily over the sluggish stream which meandered through the valley. The church stood on slightly higher ground, and the Yicarage nestled against the churchyard wall. As its name implies, Heathhurst was sur- rounded by magnificent woods, now gay with the glory of the summer foliage ; but this added to the prevailing dampness of the atmosphere. As we found in our subsequent excursions in the neighbour- hood, the soil abounded in what the country folk called " ground springs, " unexpected little water courses which bubbled up after rain, and converted por- tions of the woods and pastures into verit- able morasses. The scenery around was pretty, but as I looked at my new home I understood why Mr. Brown, who had attained an age when people consider the possibility of rheumatism, was so willing to transfer Heathhurst to his "dear, young friend." However, here we were, and both young and strong, and ready to make the best of things. The. Yicarage was & roomy old house, and its furniture was of a solid^old fashioned description, far better than we had expected to find it. Martin would have abundant exercise for his zeal, in bringing his parish into something like decent order to judge from the neglected condition in which poor old Mr. Hamilton bad allowed it to fall, and after the.first shock of arrival (and disillusion) was over we set ourselves resolutely to work.; Sanii tary science was less studied some half j century ago than.it is now, and even the! discovery that the churchyard itself formed, as it. were, one bide of pur kitchen (the house being built against the churchs yard wall) did not alarm us on health gronnds, .though .the circumstance ..ex] plained the persistent damp which oozed through the kitchen wall on this side. We had brought an old servant with us from my father's house, and this; maid and a girl from.. the village comprised our domestic staff. ?¦ s j For the first few weeks we were both so busy, I unpacking and arranging within doors, Martin organising his parish arrangements, that we had no time to think-of other matters. But ~as we became settled in the house I noted a dejection in our faithful maid's de- meanour. One day, when I was remarking how Mr. Hamilton had neglected the parish, Sarah " spoke out," as she phrased it. "Oh,, ma'am, 'tis oasy to talk of ne glectien, but, as Susan says,' 'tisn't every; one as can live at Heathhurst Yicarage." Susan was the rosy cheeked village girl imported to assist our factotum. "The house is rather damp, certainly," I said; " but so is all the neighbourhood. We keep up good fires, and we are all well enough." " Ah, I wish it was nothing more than damps that's wrong here," sighed Sarah. Then came out a long story. It appear- ed that, the proximity of the churchyard was supposed to be objectionable, not on grounds of-'health, but fer other causes. Some occupants of the burial ground notably a certain squire deceased many years back?were said to "walk," or at least, to rest .uneasily in their graves. Knocks and sighs and other unpleasant sounds were ss'd to be heard in the Vicarage kitchen, especially during the autumn and winter months; :and these Dccurrenc.es, which prevented any good Ebqk* 'consenting to tenant the servants' sug ed, mee tbV som the premises, and were said to have induced Mr. Hamilton to spend so much of his time at a placeion~miies~away, driving in on Sunday to perform the usual church services. ; V. .. ' Summer waned early that year; and the winter -.carnogin unusually wet- and windy. Theret was much illness iii the village, and Martin was overworked visiting.the sick. We, too/were1,busy at home,'for the local doctor lived a long wayjoff, and Sarah's experience was often of value in-carrying out his directions regarding invalids. She and I were often out all day, tramping long distances to carry nourishing and simple medicines to our poorer parishoners. There was literally nosaciety at Heath hurst; the population consisted of a few farmers and their labourers; the former being not much better educated than the latter. Tea miles away was a pretty country town, but we seldom went there, as we had no conveyance, unless we borrowed or hired a farmer's gig. A great depression sometimes settled on me aa I sat in the Vicarage parlour, and^ looked over the damp* dripping landscape' It rained almost cont iauously for weeks' and I contracted a chill which clung about me and affocted my health. Then?was it fancy P?I began tb think that there really were' odd noises in the house. Susan had occupied all her hours of leisure in relating,various ghost stories, local and otherwise, to Sarah, who conscientiously refiled them to me with all t¥e certainty of unquestioning faith. Then Susan her-, self discovered that she was "feared Ito remain at tho Vicarage come the winter," and departed to seek another service... j . ~ Martin who had scoffed at tho .story of ghostly visitation, asserted that it wai the 4ulne8s,,not the noises, that led Susan to weary of her place, and to enter the service of an adjoining farmer,- where as he remarked," the* jfirl has all1 the farm- ing-men to flirt with;; and no old servant - like Sarah to scold her." j But anyway^Su^an Jef<j and we had great difficulty: in: supplying her place finally being reduced to take au orphan from a distant workhouse who could not., be expected to indulge in the luxury of "nerves.'* Botar- was .--ar stolld~tooklng J young person witn-an abnormal appetite; out the Vicarage kitchen was too much for her after a week br so. She' came to me one morning-rarfioods of tears, beseech- ing to be sent back to the workhouse^, " for them knocks and groans behind thV kitchen wall, ma'am; is moro than I can. stand."- '"'?-:: :;; ¦ " It's the old Squire," remarked Sarah grimly; ?' 'tis his vault that, iies, nearest to our kitchen* and I tell Betsy 'tis a warning to her-~as tells aimany ties every day?to seo hew the iricked do not rest even in their grAyes." \" "He'll bust in some day, I know he will," sobbed Betsey, ignoring the persona), application of. Sarah's remark. "Please ma'am, you aud master is very good to me^and I never had such a sight of good victuals before; but I can't1?I can't abear them noises." . ; " What are the noises like P" I asked, for though, sitting alone in. the evening when Martiu.had been called out to bap- tise a dying child or visit a sick person;, I often fancied l/heard odd sounds^.thoy were not of the distinct and terrible kind described by Betsy. .'""*"' - ! "He rummages about in his grave," sobbed the girl, "and he sighs, and he groans, and then he raps, raps, raps agin our wall." " Sarah you cannot believe all this ?" " I believes my ears," remarked Sarah; '" and- hearin' what I have about Squire Parsons I don't wonder he: does sigh and groan. ; Beggin' your pardon, malara, I don't hold that reading any form of words over a grave make3 the wicked rest easy ? A*" Sarah Was, as I have before remarked, a sturdy Methodist, and only attended our church because there was no other plaeb of worship within ten miles.., The woman was superstitious, and yet (courageous, but her superstition was more infectious than her courage. She believed in the restless* ness of the defunct Squire as firmly as did the New English Puritans iii the certain1 existence of the Salem witches, and was prepared tb confront tho perturbed spirit as Cotton Mather did the supposed emisf saries of Satan. (To be concluded on Wednesday.) 