' HOW SHALL WE DEOILDE TH1IS QUESTION TP -0 Now, which is the worse-to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appe' tite ? There are lots of people on the one side of the question. When " good digestion waits on appe tite and healnh on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it- Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without food, because short of the temptation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel !ike eating, stands in need of £ alteration and repairs." To illustratea We recently received a communi cation in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the lter, who ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I. had been sig nalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose :their flavor ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them One think was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and ferred, with a dark linedown the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders,, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstan ces our friend failed to do-justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sen sation at his heart, asthough it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then,.again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat roped offhim. " I dreaded,' he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty 'meal have I made, for I was afraid to.est. After a time I got into a:low weak nervous state, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear.oftsome calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was. due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the bratn enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungov erned imagination: With great, difficulty,! he says, " I stuck to my work, for I hada wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's ewn, and is always harder to bear than is one's ntion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in tounch with them. Well, the writer finally menti.ns that after all medical treatment had left him where it fonnd him he chanced to read in a book of a, case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr Lanstaff's, in Woodleford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed), "GEORno HUmT, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, hear Leeds." We publ:sh this by MrHunt's desire, in order thal ptrt of the world at least may know how thankful h3 is and for what reason. 