A BIT OF WAR ROMANCE. "I'm a Mneos/'safd tbomonof soldierly beering, v;kcn tho drummer had finished a varo,-"ond«tu also a eoloier, or was in tbc Jato war between tho Btatcs. I was a general of brigado in tho union army, snd saw somo or too romanco as well as tbo reality or war.V "Thero was moro reality .than. romanco about It, wasn't there? ' queried Iho drum mer.: . " Rather," smiled tho soldfor, " but it made tho romanco only tho moro delightful. I remember on oco occasion wben wo weio down in Georgia, wboro most of tho office- seekers como from now, I was out ono morning with a cooplo of orderlies, riding oloog a hilleido road, which ust ahead of as met another coming up from tho valley. A we rodo slowly along I heard tho sound of a horse's hoofs on tho road below nod the clanking of a sabre. None cf tho enemy fn forco was anywbexo near that locality, and 1 felt snro that somo stray confed was riding that way, and wo went ahead till we could command a view, of tho road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a: brand new uniform, bright trappings ond a fine sword camo by on a beautiful horse. Ho was a' handsome follow, and all unconscious of his danger, was whistling a merry air. Of course, we must capture him, but how to> do it was a question at lint, but wo coon settled on a quiet little nmhaKcadn. end in flvo minntes more we had him covered and he threw up his hands. A moro crestfallen prisoner I never saw than that young fellow, and I felt sorry for him, bnt I could do nothing but take hfm along, Wo hadn't gone far until he got next to me, with both orderlies riding some yards in advance, and ho gavo mo a sign, 1 recognised it on tho spot." M< We are-Masons,' ho said, 'and 1 want to tell you my story; I know I've got no business over here, practically in your lines, but I'm not on a mission of war, but one of lore and peaco You seo how I'm tricked ont in all tho best I've got '—and he smiled consciously and blushed— 'and I expected to bo married this afternoon. The girl is waiting for mo now, and don't you think it is pretty hard on her for me to be in this fix ? I had no idea your troops were so near or 1 should have slipped in in the night and got out again, but <lt's too late to tAlk about that now. You've got me, and her heart will be breaking while I am shut np in some prison, and it won't bo much satisfaction to you, will It !' " By George 1" went on tho general, with moistened eyes, " it stirred the blood within mo 09 1 listened to that good-looking fellow and thought of tho dear girl wafting for him, Hold on a minute/ said I, 1 there s a turn in tho road vonder, and when the orderlies get out of sight it you arc willing to take a risk, suppose yon take it.' " ITe shcok my naod silently, and the team and smiles came together. As tho orderlies turned tbo bend the young man turned hi» horso and started back down tho rood on o dead run: I gavo him a good start and then I banged away at him with my revolver and went after him, but I took the wroog road at tbc forks, and my orderlies came after mo as fast as they could, I guess wo must have chased back along that road for two miles or more, but we didn't find that confounded rascal any where and tho orderlies nover suspected that I hod anythfog to do with letting him get away. At least, they never mentioned It in my hearing," and the general smiled. "What bccomo of him at last ?" asked tho drummer. "About four months after that I was holding a town in Tennessee," continued the general, "and In thot town was tho rankest old fire-eater I ever sow. Ho was A couruy Old coup, nub uiuurur inau b«h» and utterly bcyosd reconstruction. Ho wouldn't epeak ro a bluecoat, and there wcro times when it was almost necessary to put him under guard for his own safety. He was tco old to be dangerous, but occa- rfonally ho talked, so we had to threaten iiim. Ono day I was almost startled ort of my wita by bis coming into my head quarter?. Ho was whlto with suppressed IceMog, but ho managed to tell me thnt there was a lady at his house, a very near and dear relative, bis only daughter, in foot, who wanted to see me thnt evening at 7 o'olonk. He bad been very loath to come to a Yankee, be Raid, but sue insisted, so that ho was compelled to do it, and then ho 'bowed and went out like an old king with his crown gone. There was no ex- planatioa and I told, the provost marshal aboct it and said I wss going up myself to see what it mennt. He was sure there was a trap laid for mo and did not want me to go at all, but .1 told him southern hos pitality did not betray people and C would go. T went, and as I paeaed through the gate and grounds to the fine old mansion, I saw. tho shadowy form of my blaecoats nil about as silent na ghosts. It was plain the provost- marshal was ready to settlb matters if anything boppuncd to me. How ever, I never lot on, but went in and the old man met me at the door, grimly directed me into tho large, old- fashioned parlor and stamped off down tho great halU.I went in and n very beautiful young wointn' of 22, 1 should eay, met mo half-way across the room. "You are Gen, — she said question- 'bowed..,- ' ' f" 444 Apd may I Inquire, why I. havo been 'asked berc?'. I said, without taking the olmir which she gracefully passed mo. You see I . was half uneasy and didn't know, what might happen. . VSho smiled.; 4,4 1 understand,' she »ald, sad stood before 'me. ' 44 Then sho told 1 mo of' the young officer L nod permitted iq escape. < . '"But whufbas thut to do with this visit ?' I1 asked, for. somehow 1 didn't catch on. "4 J am his wife/, she replied, blushing, 41 and he told mo if ever it. were possible to see yoii l must do so and tell you for both of us how grateful we are for your kind ness.' " Tlien I Began to grasp the situation, aho 1 almost fell into tho chair she bod offered me, and as sho talked to mo I nover was bo glad of anything in my life as that I was a Mason and he was,' unless it was that 1 had -had the opportunity of doing n favor fpr so charming a' woman. " For half an hour she talked to me and then she called in her 'father, much against his will, but as she told him the whole story and' her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his fine' old. face grew softer and softer until at last the tears cumo, and as <jho finished ho ro60, and com- ing over to mekook both my hands in bis, and after shaking them silently he suid : 1 Bless me, sir, thero isn't a southern gentle man- in' all- this sunny land who shouldn't bo proud to bo such a Yankco as you aro.' ' "1 thanked him cordially, for that, aud later on wo bad something to drink, and thereafter tho old- gentleman wasn't tho same kind of a man any more. 41 A week ago," concluded the general, "I visited that couple, living now beautifully Atnlnnfn tvilll fiMIT i - bripht ' ATld hllDDY children about thenj,.all grown, and one of thefincflt young men you ever snw anywhere bearing my name. " Js' Miss Tripp a girl of menus P" Phipps — " Yes, but what I am trying to discover is whether it is yes or no slip means." 41 Do you ever - have spring chickcnB at your boarding-house?" "Yes, but they seem to ue a Ulna oi wovcn-wiro spring?,- \- Blie— 44 A poor painter I . Why, he says that ho is wedded to his art ?" He—" Per haps that is the reason, then, that he dares treat her so badly," 1 . . . The man who sat' out on the wood pilo and told funny stories, expecting the wood would eplit, evidently, aid 'not strike n .4 rcsponslvo chord," ' : Extract from Love Letter.— 44 Should jon fall to reciprocate my nffcction, then please to return thlB letter, In order that I may uso It on another occasion." . "It eccms to me," said the Congressman, : " that n law is like a colt. Homebody, has to break it before you can find out whether it la of any good or iiot.'M MM Bungles— "I see thnt Patti is to niuko imothur fmcwell tour. 1 wonder wkat she will "StoG ?!' .'.'Mfss Angles—" Offenbach, I prc'Sumc" : l'o'nner-r»" That . boy of mine is a regular nVcncmtiion." Batcbotle (wearily)— "In what v-ovP'? Popper— ",Blx yeaifl: old- and Vevi r Hft d a bright thing In hia life, , , If —"I've bought you . o, -.tot ooplaar to ainu-> ynu. darUng." Pbe-r- ',0b, how kind i f we I Kow Ijahun't mlssycn wbonydnre, awa," : .' " v/- " 