THE SEC RET. -« CHAPTER I-(Continued.) Kathleen colored a rosy red. Evi- dently a maa like myself was an un- common factor in her daily experiences. "Mr. Barclay is going to stay here, Kathleen," her father continued, u will ye see to making hun comfortable! Where's the girl T' Kathleen looked surprised, but presently answered : "She's out milking; but ni see to the gentleman myself." I breathed more freely ; I was sure I ahoul'd not fare badly at the gentle Kathleen's hands. Our conversation flagged somewhat. I s car celt knew what to say. 1 was devoured with curiosity to hear more of my host's story, but bis reticence and seeming absorption deterred me from asking questions. He himself seemed in nowise elated at his good fortune ; he smoked as calmly as though nothing had occurred to change the even tenor « his existence ; his lean, hands trembled a little as they stuffed the* tobáceo into his well-colored pipe, and Va head drooped as low as ever ; only the keen, sharp eyes continued to ¿lance furtively around, as though expecting and dreading something. The man has been so beaten down by ill-fortune, I thought to myself, that be is unable to feel the buoyancy of hope. Then I fell to wondering about Kathleen. Her mother must have been a lady, that was clear ; but a lady in this house-what an existence ! And Kathleen herself-what sort of an education could she have had, accus- tomed to be employed in the rough work of the household, to cook and wash, and be treated like a servant! I almost feared to see ber again, lest some coarseness of «paech or uncouthness of manners should drive away the recollection of tikat.-sweet bright face, that ray of sunshine that had fallen across the \- heajry gloom of her father's company. \- And almost immediately I reproached myself for my suspicions. Nb, Kathleen could never be uncouth or clumsy. Candour and refinement may exist «ven with sordid poverty. Then I looked again at her father. He sat in bis chair puffing at his sullen pipe, his thin nerveless hands grasping the leather anns, silent, mysterious, un- moved, or possibly only struck dumb a£ the news I had brought him. We ?amt on thus in the deepening shadows, the rain beating against the windows, «nd blotting out the dim prospect of nettles and weeds, and the large syca- more-tree whose heavy foliaged branches overarched the bit of ivy covered, wall. Just as the silence and die stillness were becoming almost un- bearable, Kathleen returned and in- vited ns to sapper. Apparently the girl, a clumsy, red armed country lass, had finished her milking, for she waited on ns in the whitewashed parlor where the meal waa prepared. It might have been the servant's hall or the housekeeper's loam in the old days ; noir it served aa diningroom, and was as cold, and hare, and ill-furnished an apartment as could well he conceived. A crumbling oak bureau stood at one end, and a modern mahogany sideboard at the other; between them, like three un- comfortable ghosts, we sat on our old leather chairs round the poorly-spread \- board. The tablecloth was clean though [coarse, the glass and china of the commonest and most old-fashioned description; yet, like some strange jewel; . in a peasant's hand,, in the middle of that coarse linen and cracked ? ' china stood a dainty and beautiful old silver épergne, in which someone had thrust a bunch of beautiful crimson roses, the dew still poised on their leaves and clinging to the depths of their sweet perfumed breasts. The someone who had done this of coarse -was Kathleen; and in the presence of that spark of taste and refinement I forgot the common food and the awkwardness of the girl who stood and stared, dish-cover in hand, and knocked the plates together with a merciless jingle. Kathleen drank water; her father and I mixed oars with whisky, which gradually unloosened the tongue of my host, and disposed him to a kind of sheepish cordiality. ..You see how we live," he said, when we once more returned to the study and lit our pipes (Kathleen had vanished, and the room seemed duller and dingier than before). "We are very poor, and you are almost the first person who has stayed with us for jears.'7 "I am afraid I have caused you j inconvenience.2' " That's impossible. Yon must take what you can get, and we can give no more. Beggars musa't be choosers," he .added, with an unpleasant smile. " Ihavegiven yourdaughtertrouble." "Stuff S my daughter is a good girl. She does not mind trouble; besides, young men do not come here every day. I suppose women are the same all the world over." He did not look amiable as he uttered these words in a sarcastic tone, «nd I could only surmise that he also had noticed the red roses, and that the unwonted attempt at decoration some- how annoyed him. I ventured sooth "Your daughter is very handsome." "Ehf do you think so? Others are of the same opinion. Have you no pretty girls in England Mr. Barclay V " Yea, of course," I said, confusedly, fearine that my attempt at concilia- tion had been taken as an insult. "But I don't knew much about Eng- land; I've been in America these last 10 years." "America is a good place, I sup- pose?' he inquired ; a good place for a young man, I mean, with the world before him." "Certainly, if he has intelligence and chooses to work." " There's no scope for a> man here. Frankly, what could anyone do who lived in a house like this, for in- stance?' I remained silent; the problem seemed a hopless one. " A man who is not quite too old for ambition, and dreams of better things, and who has pride and loves liberty." I understood him to be speaking of his own case. " It ia hard to say," I replied doubt- fully. * "Ab, Mr. Barclay, you haven't * known better days, and learnt to do without everything you wanted, aud grown ti hate anyone better off aud more prosperous than yourself, and thought of your own children, and "But things are changed now," I said ; " there is a future in store-' "For whom-for me? Did you think I was speaking of myself 1 Not a bit of it rm too old to change. I I shall die here as I lived-like a dog." He dropped his voice, which had a low fierce murmur in it, as he said the .last words, and I could scarcely be sure if I had heard aright. " Ah, how llitteyouyoung Englishmen, with your energy and your lightness, and your commonplace panaceas for all ills, know about us, our loves and our hates, and our deep-rooted jealousies and prejudices i Ha ! time will show. Will you have some more toddy, or shall we go to bed V I I expressed myself ready for the latter, and my host, raking together with miserly carefulness the few pieces of turf on the hearth, lighted a candle, and proceeded to lead the way upstairs. Everything was silent and ' pitch-dark. I groped my way behind the nickering beacon that the sharp gusts of wind down the long passages threatened every moment to put out, and wondered if I should ever find my way downstairs again alone. The room, into which I was ushered was tolerably small, for which I was thank- ful, and as poorly furnished as the rest of the house, at which I was not sur- prised. The bare floor, covered only in the centre by a ragged square of carpet-once, perhaps, of a red or crimson color, now a dull greenish drab, with white threads showing through it-was clean, however, and the drab moreen curtains of the bed, carefully patched and mended, were drawn around-with aiL^evident attempt I at. snugness. To me^they, only gave the idea of a grim catafalque, and I quickly thrust them back, and setting down my candle, pushed the window open to remove the musty smell which clung to the air. The night was dark, the wind howled in dismal fashion round the old tumbledown house; but I fancied I could see the moving waters of the lake in the distance as the drifting clouds parted for an instant. "How dreary the placéis! What a spot in which to pass one's days ! Poor Kathleen VI murmured, as I hud my head on the cool pillow and thought of the bright girl whose young life was buried in shadows and gloom and the dingy dreariness of hopeless poverty, i (To be continued ) 