The Missing Word. (TRY RICHMOND). [Written Expressly for the GAZETTE, By "JINGO."] MY many friends, to you I'll sing, In hopes to set your brains in motion ; That is-if you have such a thing As brains, to float you o'er life's ocean. If so, fill in the missing words for me It's not so difficult, you'll all agree. We've a jolly Alderman, Who can drive a four-in-hand ; He's a single man (the Hunter girls believe). He can sing a comic song, As he drives the greys along, A universal favourite is-. There's a dapper little gent, I believe, ol Scotch descent, And his portly strut has nothing of the amolé. With ladies he's a pet ; Though he doesn't own one yet, I believe there soon will be a Mrs.-. There's our warlike M.L.A., Who is in the soft-good6 way, He's a soldier-legislator of good style. To his politics, I fear, The end is drawing near, They prefer a Rose to soldiers in 'Midst the re-constructing banks And the scientific cranks, 'Tisn't difficult, now, to find a stiff 'un. But the locate the planet Mars, And the several other stars, Why, Wragge himself is slow compared with-. There's another hale old man, Built on nature's favorite plan, A conscientious, honest man, be's really : By the new Electoral Act His brain was almost racked, By jove ! it very nearly killed--, We have living in the town A veteran of renown, A warrior bold who blood did often spill, For he fought at Ballarat, Likewise at Lambing Flat, A " soldier and a man" is-. Oft, when going down the street, You a ghost may chance to meet, So thin, you wonder why fie doesn't totter. If you want to litigate, Then, I guess and calculate, A very lively ghost you'll find in-. There's another friend wVo hails From Yorkshire's bills and dales, A good old Briton, and a friend in need. He in single harness runs, But he must stick to his guns, Or a Benedict will soon become friend-. There's a friend who 1 suppose Can't held being adipose ; I tremble when I see bim in a crush Though the cook's considered stingy, He's acquiring such a bingy, That I'd take more exercise if I were-. 