Election Address. SUPPOSED TO BE WBITTBN BY A CANDIDATE FOB, PABLIAMENT. The following may fairly be classed as typical of tho plauiiblo addressos of politicians of tbe old school, when flowery language and well rounded yet meaningless sentences cajoled the sympathy and support of the 'free and in dependent. Things are becoming ditterent very fast; men without measures will soon be mon without tho 'ghost of a show,' ond any thing like the following will be looked upon ai sotnothing that has hud its day, which day, unluckily for this bleeding cuuutry, is not to be measured by 24 hours : — GENTLEMEN, — I come forward to-day to place beforo you my views on the political situation, and to solicit your votes to return me as your ' representative in Parliament. To characterise my opponent's method as base would be but flatterv i to call him mean and paltry would be much too lofty praise ; while dishonosty, vonality, and corruption are far too mild torins in which to desoribe his politics, his ambitious, and his promises. As an orator he would only be tolerable in a deaf and dumb asylum ; as a statesman he is barely capable of administering the affairs of a desert land; as a politician ho rankB lower than the direotor of a bogus baak ; while the spirit of recrimination, invective, abuse and slander, which animates bis ovory utterance, shows him to be a man to be avoided, mistrusted, pitied, porhapa, but cer tainly not voted for. Elect mo, and happineis will once more blossom o'er the land. Support my policy and labor shall at last receive its just reward. Vote Cor my party, and thero will be no more dirt, disoaso, poverty, oaro, trouble, anxiety or rent days; but every man, woman and ohild, and all the rest of the human raoe, will enjoy liberty, equality, fraternity, ohoap beer, and a voice in tbe control of his own affairs and those of everyone else. Bemember, gentlemen, free and enlightened voters, upholders of tho proud privileges con forrod upon you by Magna Oharta, that the eyoa of Europe are upon, you ; the very hemi sphore hangs breathless on your lipi. and in your ballot boxes lie concealed the future for tunes of empires aud of continents. Peace or war, happiness or misery, prosperity or ruin for thousands, perhaps millions, depend upon your decision. Elect rao, and smiling peninsulas and verdant isles will chant proans of praise to tho enlight ened party whioh I am pleased to honor with my support ; return my opponent, and the red handed dogs of war will let slip their navies on a foaming deep, and fling their battalions head long at oaoh other's throats. It is no mere local issue which is placed in jour bands to-day ; it is a question of natural, provincial, universal import. Axe your taxes too high ? Elect me, and thoy ihaU be remitted altogether. Is your town hall ruinoua ? Beturn me, and a grateful nation will erect another Pantheon on its site. Is your railway accom modation insufficient ? Sond me to Parliament and 23 trains per hour in every direction shall be at the beck and cati of every one of you. It has been laid, gentlemen, that our polioy is vaguo and shadowy ; but, in order to remove such an unmerited slur, let me briefly re capitulate to you the principal heads of the proud platform whioh we launoh upon the battle fiold of political strife. First, I advocate tbe total abolition of the duty on dogs, whisky capsicums, tinned tomatoes and coriander seeds, Next, I would pass an Act to get everyone exactly what he wants, and as much of it as he oan get. Thou the absolute protection of every kiud ofjproperty from all tbuft, misappropriation, and dospoliatiou. The abolishment of crime, strifo, and political disputation naturally follows. The eradication of poverty and distress must be at onoD dealt with. The ccst of the army and navy must bo reduced, the number of ships and men doubled, aad the wages of our brave warriors and seamen raised to at least one pound ppr day and thoir washing. Then all labor must bo amply remunerated, and volun tary inactivity must be honorably recompensed. Everyono must be equal with hiB neighbor, and even n littlo bit hotter, and rioh and poor, young and old, English, Irish, Sootoh, and Welsh, all sects and religions, all colors and nationalities, must bo compelled to live happily together, under sovoro penalties ! Could any programme be more complete, or any platform nfford a firmer resting place on which to base the polioy of a groat party P And all this shall, must nnd will bo accomplished if only you will return me to power ; while, if my miserable opponent should be tent to misrepro- ? Bent your interests, inoreased taxation, dete riorated trade and vanished prosperity will mark the disappearance of peace, as with battered wings she struggles in the bloodstained dutch of war, and anarchy, and desti action. I have, as someone as remarked, said enough. I leave my cause in your hands. You cannot Vote much oftener than once ; but, gentleman, be snre and vote that once for mo ; and if by any artifice, any cajolery, any subterfuge, you can prevent my opponents from profiting by ? their known dishonesty and knavery — do so. — Vedette. 