Ufa llnnitelbtf, G u _ 6 ? i; Weapons of lystery. CHAPTER X. THE UOMISi; 01' THE NIGHT. Directly after breakfast I went away alone. I wanted to get rid ok an awhi weight which oppressed mo. I walked rapidly, for the morning was cold. 1 had scarcely reached tho park gates, however, when a hand touched me. I turned and saw Kaft'ar. __ _ _ ' I hope your solitary walk is pleasant. be said, revealing his white teeth. ' Thank you,' I replied coldly. I thought he was going to leave me, but he kept close by my side, as it he wanted to say something. I did not encourage him to speak, however ; i walked rapidly on in silence. ' Temple Hall is a curious place, he said. ' Very,' I replied. 'So different from Egypt — ah, so different. There the1 golden sandhills stretch away, the palm trees wave, the Nile sweeps majestic. There the cold winds scarcely ever blow, and the people's hearts are warm.' I 1 suppose so.' There are mysteries there, as in Temple Hall, Mr. Blake ; but mysteries , a,re sometimes of human origin.' As he said this, he leered up into my face, as if to read my thoughts ; but I governed my features pretty well, and thus, I think, deceived him. ' Perhaps you know this ?' he said. ' Mo,' I replied. ' I am connected with no mysteries.' ' Not with the appearance of the ghost last night ?' I looked at him in astonishment. The insinuation was so far from tree that for the moment I was too surprised to speak. He gave a fierce savage laugh, and clapped his hands close against my face. 'I knew I was right,' he said; and . then, before I had time to reply, he turned on his heels and walked away. Things were indeed taking curious turns, and I wondered what would hap . pen next. What motive, I asked, could KaSar have in connecting me with the ' ghost, and what was the plot being con coeted? There in the broad daylight the apparition seemed very unreal. The ? servants, alone in the hall at midnight, perhaps talking about the traditional ghost, could easily have frightened them selves into the belief that they had seen it. Or perhaps one of their fellowser vants sought to play them a trick, and ran away when they saw what they had done. I would sift a little deeper. I immediately retraced my steps to the house, where meeting Tom, I asked him to let mo have Simon Slawden and a couple of dogs, as I wanted to shoot a few rabbits. This was easily arranged, and soon after Simon and I went to gether. Away on the open moors there was no fear of eavesdroppers ; no one could hear what we said. 'Simon,' I said, after some time, \- ' have you thought any more of the won derful ghost that you saw last night ?' Instantly his face turned pale, and he shuddered as if in fear. At any rate, the ghost was real to him. ' Yer honor,' he said, ' I don't feel as if I can talk about her. I've played in 'Amlet, yer honor, along with ' Octavius Bumpus's travellin' theatre, and I can nail a made-up livin' ghost in a minnit ; but this ghost didn't look made up. There was no blood, yer lintinnr ? slip lnnlrerl ns iF sho'ad bin waccinated forty times.' 'And were the movements of her legs and arms natural 7' .'No j'ints, Muster Blako. She looked ' like' a wooden figger without proper j'ints ! Perhaps she'ad a few wire pins in her 'natomy ; but no j'ints proper.' ;:. I'-'So you believe in this ghost ?' ' Can't help it, yer honour.' 'Simon, I don't. There's some deep laid scheme on foot somewhere ; and I thmk I can guess who's working it.'; Simon started. 'You don't think that 'ere waccinatin', sumnamblifyin willain 'ev got the thing in 'and 7' I didn't speak, but looked keenly at him. At first he did nothing but stare va cantly, but presently a look of intelli gence flashed into his eyes. Then lie gave a shrug, as if ho was disgusted with himself, which was followed by an expression; of grim determination. ' Master Wake, lie said solemnly, ' it's that waccinatin' process as hov done it. Simon Slowdon couldn't hev bin sich a nincompoop if ho hadn't bin waccinated 'against whoopin' cough, measles, and small-pox. Yer honor,' ho continued, 'after I wur waccinated I broke out in a kind of rash all over, and that 'ere rash must have robbed me of my senses : but I'm blowed ? There, I can't say fairer nor that.' ' Why, what do you think 7' ' T daren't tell you, yer honour, for fear I'll make another mistake. I thowt. sur, as it would take a hansel with black wing3 to nick me like this 'ere, and now I'vo bin done by some body ; but it's tho waccinatin', yer honor — it's the waccination. In the Proverbs of -Job we read, ' fool and his money soon parted,' and so we can sec 'ow true the teachin' is to-day.' ' But what i8 to be done, Simon ?' Simon shook his head, and then said solemnly, ' I'm away from my bearin's, sur. I thought when I wur done the last time it should bo tho last time. It wur in. this way, sur. I was in tho doctor's service as waccinated me. Says ho, when ho'd doue, ' Simon, you'll nover have small-pox now.' ' Think not V says I. ' Never,' says he ; and when Susan the 'ousemaid heard on it, she says, ' I am so glad, Simon.' Then, saya I, ' Susan, when people arc married they're converted into one flesh. That's scripter. You get married to me,' says I, ' and you'll bo kept free from small pox, without going threw this yer willi . fyin' process.' Wi' that sho looks at nio, and sho says, ? You are purty, and I'll try you for throe months ; if you don't get siiiall-pox in that time, why then — we'll talk about it.' So I says, 1 Say yes at once, Susan. The doctor says I can't get it, so there's uo sort o' fear.' I wur young and simple then, and thowt doctors never made a mis take. Well, sur, in two months moro I were down wi' small-pox, and when I got up again I wur a sight to behold. As soon as I wur fit to be seen I went to Susan to git a mite o' comfort, and then I see 'or a-courtm' wi' tho coach man. And I says to myslf, ' Simon Slowdon,' I says, ' this yer is the last time you must bo ever taken in ;' and now I'm right mad that I should 'a bin licked in this yer way.' I could not help laughing 'at Simon's story, in spite of my heavy heart, and so I asked him what the doctor said when he found vaccinatioii a failure. ' Sent me off without a character, sur,' he replied grimly. ' Said ho couldn't keep a servant as would be a livin' adver tisement as 'ow his pet 'obby wer a failure. And so I allays say as 'ow waccinalion is my ruin. It's ruined my blood and weakened my brain. Still,' continued Simon, with a sly look, ' I reckon as 'ow I'll be a match for that 'ere doublv waccinated chost as^ fricrh tened me so.' I could get nothing more from him. He had formed some notion about the apparition which he would not divulge, so we devoted our attention to sport, and, after frightening a good many rab bits, we returned to the hall. Nothing of importance happened through the day, except an inquiry which Tom made among the servants. Each declared that they were entirely ignorant of the appearance of the ghost, and all were evidently too frightened to doubt the truth of their statement. Thus when evening came nothing was known of it. Kaffar did not speak to me from the time I had seen him in the morning to dinner-time, and evidently avoided me. Voltaire, on the contrary, was unusually bland and smiling. He was pleasant and agreeable to everyone, especially so tn mfi. After dinner we all found our way to the drawing-room, when the usual sing ing, flirting, and dancing programme was carried out. Suddenly, however, there was a comparative silence.. One voice only was heard, and that was the Egyptian's. ' Yes,' he was saying, ' I am what is called a superstitions man. I believe in dreams, visions, and returned spirits of the dead. But, ah ! I do not believe in made-up ghosts. Oh, you cold-blooded English people, don t mistake the im pulsive Egyptian ; don't accuse him of lack of faith in the unseen. So much do I believe in it, that sometimes I long to be with those who have gone. But, bah ! the ghost last night was to deceive, to frighten. Got up by some villian for a purpose, and I can guess who he is.' {To be Continued). 