THE LONG HEM CASES. Two of them who hadn't sinned before appealed for meroy on the same old ground— the helpless wife and ' family. They should have thought of them before. Parker, who received two years and ten months in the Long Firm cases, when found guilty burst into tears and then appealed for mercy on the ground on his leaving behind him a helpless young wife, and an equally helpless family of young children ; whilst Ogle, dilating on his high connections, with much [(emotion referred to the disgrace his conduct had brought upon hie wife, and his two young daughters and son who were only then entering upon prac tical life. And the judge, who was in some doubt as to the first criminal intent, but in no way in regard to the conspi racy and gradual drifting into crime sentenced them to two years and ten months, and two years respectively, within the disgraceful walls of Darling hurst gaol. Why will he not think of these things before stepping over the barrier that exists between honesty and crime ; think hard and weigh the advantages of sin one end with the. punishment of sin the i other ; not as did Ogle and Parker after detection, but before the making of that fatal advance which unloosens the bloodhounds of the law upon an always certain trail ? Wives, children, self respect, what are they when they rise bat as the ghosts of a botter past to make the future one of greater bitterness ? Why are they not thought of before, and the misery which the fall of the guilty entails upon the innocent, weighed in the scales of affection boForo their futnro ijs so jeopardised 7 The false stop is at all times destruction ; there is no repent ance, no reclamation. The forgiveness of men is but as a sunbeam, — it passe3 to leave the oppressive shadow, for the taint of crime neither time nor tears can obliterate. The trespasses of man against man are by man remembered always ; fora censorious world which in nine hundred and ninety-nine casesoutofa thousand attributes guilt to almost every form of innocence, and revels as a pig does in slime, in all that is mali cious, foul and slanderous is not the world, believe us, to forgive when once guilt has become a proven reality. It is then a fall for ever, when not even those who seek the rescue will ever admit the former equality. Time the great beautifier, and yet the equally great destroyer will remove much that is pleasing ; but that which is disgraceful it never will or can. And so the fall of the criminal even though atoned for is held before his tortured eyes till a com passionate fate seals them in death. There is no escape, none. The skeleton is not in the closet as men think, but in the ditch around which the human rag pickers delight to probe, and who, though they sometimes believe they -will be mag nanimous enough to miss the bones of a living brother's faded past deceive them selves with a passing sentiment, for they never did that yet, and never will. And as one of the thousand and one proofs of this, take the law-court which adminis ters the nearest approach to justice that is possible where the passport to success is a profession of religion with a defiance of its commands ; and which as the prin cipal rag-picker in the Long Firm cases raked up the bones of the sinful past of one of the partners in crime of the two men mentioned, in order to make his most recent term of punishment the longer and the more severe. If only the tempted weak man would reason in that way ; learn, not only the moral code but the penalty of its viola tion, and keep the truth before his hesi tating gaze as a lamp wherewith to light his footsteps along the path of probity, his Belf-respect would never be in danger, for if he were a man of metal he would, rather than take that socially fatal step from which there is no recovery, slit his throat with a carving knife, or stretch his neck with a running noose. . 