THE LlTTue GREY NURSE. CHAPTER I. THE GBR NTTESB. By Uast I/kigh. It was a strange chain of circumstances that led me to renounce my bachlorhood, and enter into the holy state of matrimony. I, John Marlyn, M.D., 1LECP-, after thirty-four years of sweet, unrestrained liberty, in less than thirty-four hours, succumbed completely to the fascinations of a certain fair little woman of whom yon will hear anon-, "Come down for a week. Jack," Gregory Ormond had said that eventful December. " I know you enjoy a bit of shooting and limiting and I can give you both." I was extremely fond of both sports, but they were not sufficient to tempt me to .spend the week with Ormond at his fine old place in EC shire. There was something about Ormond that clashed with my finer feelings. He was Toy well as a dab scquaintance, bat I could never dream of classing him with my friends. Perhaps the ugly rumours afloat as to his private life had something to do with this prejudice. A man who is reported to have wooed and wedded a young inexperienced girl for her money and then neglects and illtreats her, is not the man I could call friend and love as a brother. " No thanks, Ormond," I replied, civilly enough. " I really do not think I could leave my practice. I am particularly busy just now." " Nonsense, old man, why do you keep two assistants if yon cannot bast your: practice in their hands for a weekf Look here, if the shooting and hunting axe not a sufficient draw, let me tell you th%t Fro feasor Wagstaffe is to be one of my guests. Gome, now, don't yon want to meet him ?" I pricked up my ears and flashed my eyes into his face with sudden but intense interest. He was smiling and watching me with a canning little sneer in his eyes. " Well ?" he inquired. "I'll come," I answered cooly. "Professor Wagstaffe is the one man above all men at present that I long to meet; I have bsen introduced to him, but have never had the pleasure of conversing with him." " Tou will have any amount of opportunities down at my place," said Ormond, carefully flicking the ash from his cigar "I think yon will like him, he is a good sort of a fellow." So, through the medium of one of the most celebrated scientists of that day, I went down to Gregory Oimond's ancestral home, was the means of discovering one cf the most cruel and unnatural crimes ever premeditated, and also met and won my wife. It was in the evening of the fourteenth of December thit I arrived at Ormond iTftii. It was a cold raw night outside, and when 1 entered the fragrant warmth of the dimly-lighted entrance hall I was fain to stay my footsteps beside the biasing fire before proceeding farther. ' Tell your master that I have arrived and would like to see him if ha is at liberty," I said, addressing a grave elderly fnairoy rant who stood respectfully by my side. The man bored and glided away and I was left the aole occupant of the magnificent old halL I warmed myself and looked sbont me curiously. " Surely Ormond is a lucky dog," I thought, as I surveyed the ^rved oaked walls and grand staircase and the splendidly painted ceiling with a critical and covetous eye. I brought my geee down from tie gorgeous ceiling with a start. Someone was stovly and hesitatingly descending the wide staircase. Not my host, «s C first thought it might be, but a dainty little grey-clad figure with a snowy cap resting upon her goldeJ head, and snowy linen at her throat snl wrists. I gazed blankly into the little paV face and sorrowfal dark eyes, and Btool spellbound before the fire, as the tiny slippered feet, peeping beneath the whit • ^pron, slowly and hesitatingly touchel <eaeh stair. She reached the last step, and thai, as I moved forward impulsively, sh* turned again, and, like an arrow from a bov, sped swiftly up the wide staircase And was lost from my sight. I g.-.zed ruefully up the gloojay staircase. " What a lovely little nurseI murmured, and then 1 wondered who Ormond had ill in the house. Not his wife certainly, for she, poor giri, so rumour said, was recruiting her shattered health and nerves in the south of France. Perhaps one of the esrrante, but Ormond would scarcely •engage aa hospital nurse to attend upon a ^Someslis. , fiJgU Tfipgjpifr thoughtfully, Jack Ormond himself appeared, gnd I determined to ask '"xwas unable to carry oat my cesolve, however, for my host greeted use loudl? and warmly, and gave me but little dunce to put in & word. His handsome face was flushed, and his manna 1 was buoyant and gay in the •extreme, contrasting strangely, so it eeeatsd to me, with, the haggard wOdnesss «»f his eyes and the worried, anxious •expression of his -whole countenance. -'Glad yon have come. Jack!" he cried .effusively, " let me show you your room. Professor Wagstaffe is dying to know yon." CHAPTER L his house Mrt^iti better te£te and <Uscrimination than I gave him cw&fc; far, but, imdeubtedly, Beatrice Stanley, * married sister, had a great deal to do with the selection. , .. Handsome Mrs Stanley was no favorite of mine, but I acknowledgedher tectand company of brilliant men and women collected together in the drawing-room. 1 knew most of them, but my interest was chiefly centred in the man I had bo long wished 6o become personally acquainted with, Professor Wsgstaffe. He was a fall, fine man, between ..fifty and sixty years of age, vritti bead and face, and a pair of the most It wonderful ejes I have ever seen many MnBj m!.|Dl ]iiE smile so kmdly, tajs* ta to* went to U. S S f c c o a t imaginab^ fee BtaU looked what he undoubtedly kindly, andpatieiiHy j^fceObd to my mod«&theari;£B andopuu"*— ^^iSrehalf-ail- honr t s S c s H S S t s^ s s **miration had grown into positive " T ^ ^ f o w ^ a t time forward turned upon ^^T&fck; gwWwflMyfcai.- mandate style, who Ormond, eueitedly. "PieWy!" cSwr •"lovely, I should say. •withered up «id >ng"i pilB**B. S5he *s our No nonsense, I can assure yon," answered Gregory . with more warmth than was necessary, no it seemed to me. ** I have seen her mjBelf, and-eo have Beatrice and the servants. I have rally described her to you bo that you will know her when you meet her." Some of the women shrieked here, and raising ray eyes from my plate, T met the s >ft, bright gate of the Professor's eyes bent earnestly upon me. ! felt myself colour up, and to hide my embarrassment, I said quickly -• " Do yra believe in ghosts, Professor!" He smiled, hot replied with his usual kind promptitude -. "In your old family ghosts who have been wandering over and over one house far generation and generation, certainly not, but I do believe that if you wish it, yon can bring back the spirit of anyone yon love jurt for on& brief, sweet instant." I think everybody round tie table changed colour. I know I did, and Gregory Ormond went livid. It was not the words exactly that affected us, but the solemn blood-curdling mmnwr in which the Professor uttered them. " i always thought Wagstaffe was cranky, I am convinced t f it now," muttered a voice at my elbow, and I turned indignantly to my li f t-hand neighbour, a little pale, insignific tot man with an habitual disagreeable expression upon his face, and a dis- « r ustangly cross- grained manner with him. i knew him slightly. He was Beatrice Stanley's husband. "Cranky chap." he repeated, nodding his head toward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my-head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on " But, Professor," Ormond was earing, in an ex- sited, injured way. "surely you believe in our family ghost when I tell yon that I have seen her myself!" My dear boy," answered the Professor, good -humouredly," I do not dispute your word but I must see your ghost myself before I believe." Then you will be convinced soon, for you will be sure to see her before many days, or perhaps hours, have passed," declared Ormond. triumphantly. Professor/' I said diffidently, "pardon me, but you said just now that you believed if we wished we could bring back the rpirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove t&is; to us ? " Bosh!" came in a hoarse whisper from my little left-hand neighbour. I turned still farther from biro, and met the kindly glacce of the Professor. " Certainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it." There was a general polite murmur of assent, though I knew more than one fair dame was shaking in her slippers with superstitious horror. " It was when I was a young m»n at college," began the Professor, his eyes upon the sherry glass he was twiitang in his fingers. I had returned about a week to Oxford after the long Vacation when I received the news that my mother had died quite suddenly, my tame the last upon her lips. Now, just before 1 aving home, t bad displeased my mother in some way, and she had lectured me, somewhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was I at this that I would not speak to her for twodaye, and even at the moment of parting I refused io loss her. "' Kiss me, my own. dear boy,' she had pleaded; but I was hard as flint, and putting her loving arms from my neck, I turned a ray and left her and never saw her again " The Professor paused for one second, bis fice wonderfnily tender, sad, and regretful " You can imagine my-grler ana uorror Then I heard the tidings. To my dying lay I shall never forget those firet bitter tears. I threw myself down in n>y room rad graved that she might come hack agian' to me' for the kiss I o»d refused to give her. Day after lay. nigh; after night, this was my one stayer ' <Jod, let her come back for one •nament that I may kisa her.' At l&tf.; one night my. passionate prayer was granud." The Professor paused again,Jand a shudder oasei round the tabled " It wa« a beautiful summer night, light as day, wi h the moonlight streaming ever be room. I lay in my bed, my passionate •leading prayer upon my lips, when in the tream of loooulight, mv mother came toward me with outstretched hands, and a glad fond smile aptn her fact She was dressed jaet aa I bad seen her many times; -here was nothing unearthly or -mpernatual about her. Mother 1" I cried loudly, sitting up in bed,' oh. mother 1 have yon come for my kiss ! Mo die-, mother, say yon forgive me." " she came closer to me until I felt her lot arms about me and her lipa upon mine." "I forgive yon, WJ dear, di-ar boy. Gad tJfEB you," she whispered, I elnjjg to her passionate y, and ponied out all my pent np epentancc, regret, and love, in lonea upon ber belovel face. " Darlin?, good- bye," she criafl, " ana then f felt her inu withdraw from me, and I fell isck upon my pillows in a (worn. When I came to mfielf some minntea afterwards the moonlight was streaming ip as serenely as ever, and not a sign was there of a snperaatmal vifitation." The Professor ceased, and we all drew oar ireaths sharply. I felt rather than saw thai lainty lacs hand kerchiefs wen being used rather freely on the ether ride of th« table, but I did not raise my eyas frtjm my plats, where they had rested thromghout the ProfesBor's story. " Benaational bosh! Uadssalbrdiharel Ought to have been locked up ages ago i" granted my crae-giunei left-hand com pasion. '•Very pretty and touching; thank yon, Professor, cried Beatrice Stanley sweetly, giving the ladiei the signal to riie at the «une time.~ "Don't you believe in him; he ia an old fraud," whbpered Hra Stanley's little cab of » hnshsnd, as the ladies left the r$om. " He wolfjn ebeig>"e,cJothing. fknow lim," with a diabolical uer; * Aun t Jon have anything to do wf»h him." •< When I rxqaire yonr advice I wul ask you tor If, M< etenhy," I repUed coldly, enming av-ay from nim. CHAPTEB IIL y*B «gg A GHOST J It wsastrange that twte in cme night I vw the pcetty little nurse ghost of Ormond Hall. . ... , — . , . I had with gi»t diplomacy, so I thought inveigled the Piotcnor into a scientific argument, and long after the other men had de-; narted to their reapeclive bednmms we had) At in ibe snog vnofe-nwm, talking and trying. Jt was (Jose on three o'dockm (he jnwwpiTig irbmJm lighted onr candles and wendad oa r way *p tfre grand shurrase. «So yon do not beJieve In ynaonds fomlly. gtn^b.^'ftefemKr' I taiA, to' m. subdued voioe^ W we climbed slowly up 4de ^.y^de. He bn^hsd gently. "Ididnoteayeo/ldft I ehcmld like to see her." We tod reached the top, and I saw, jnsfc es he_^»ke > a^anoing swiftiy little greyfipirelhadeeen about eight hours previonsly. I JTaiWMan^ignieBatBmMiPdi could pass us on her W»y dorostiirs, and ^^^reKitement l ^ ^ f f uKt&almost; touched -rlwtb^twiaiadu&itr; nleading dark eft*. She <id pot glajtoB »t X notfeed after sha had gvnxiCvsjB**! llgii»«Blwrt oOtoJy "SBs^tsss^M itf" I giniriel He laughed aeain, and I pcrtsd with Jiim at his bedroom door somewhat coldly. My room was moiemly fitted up, containing every Inxnry and convenience, with not a shadow of anything ghostly or supernatural about it. I went straight to my fire, poked it savagely, and then sat down for half- anhour's smoke ard think, b-fore turning in. When I threw away the end of my last, cigarette and rose to my feet to prepare for bed, I said to myself with an audible chuckle: "Ormond should have obtained a more. appropriate uniform when he obtained his little ghost nurse. I wonder if the hospital nurses of a hundred years ago (if there were any) wore the same uniform, neat little caps and aprons included, as tlmy do in this eminently practical age of ours!. Ah, Ormond, yon are not half sharp enough for an old practitioner like mysdf." still chuckling an! feeling mightily pleased at my discovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty g 18 * hospital nurses, noble-faced Professors, and weird ghost stories. capital day's sport, not until the dusk was beginning to fall that we wended our weary steps homeward. Either by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter,. Boatrice Stanley's husband attached himself to me, lighted his pipe at mine, and trudged (Hi steadily by my side. I made one or two general remarks about the day's sport, then lapsed into eilenoe, too tired to exert myself to talk to such a moody companion. Presently with extraordinary abruptness and irxevehutce he said: I wonder what the old lunatic) has been np to to-day ?" I tamed and surveyed him in amsEement. Who»" I asked coldly. Tour Professor. I should like to know what outrage to society and the human race a.t large he is planning now. Ha has some- thing ia his wicked old head, I know. Some dynamite outrage or big poisoning case, or something,'" " If you cannot speak truthfully and respectfaLy of one of the greatest men of the age, you had better not speak of him at all,'* ' said sternly. t " Now, look here, Hartyn." ctfed the little man energetically, laying his hand on my arm," yen believe in this old fraud and I do not, that is the difference. He is a cimEy, unscrupulous old villain. I know mare of him than you do, my boy ; I believe he would sell his soul, the old fool, in the ' interest of science,' as he call* it." u I think yoa should explain youself more fully, Stanley," I eaid stiffly ; "come, what have you against the Protestor!" " I wish I could tell you, Martjn, but I care not; I know only a little of his daik deeds and evil ways, Beatrice knows more and Ormond more still. I am only warning you, lad, don't cultivate a wolf in sheep's clothing for a friend; be may turn round and bite you when yon least expect it." I made no reply, I was deeply annoyed and uneasy. Of course I did not bslieve what he had just said, but still the words had been Fpoken and were destined to rankle in my heart; the seeds of doubt had been sown and already the glamour that had encircled the Professor in my eyes was beginning to fa4e. On reaching the Hall, I safely deposited my gun and trappings, an1 leaving the rest smoking in the little smoke-room, mounted tbe stairs to my room. I entered wearily and was making my way towards the Areplace whitu my eyes lighted upon a twiste t oit of white note-paper lying on my dressingable. I took it np and looked at it curiously It was addressed to " Dr. John Martyn " in pretty, clear, feminine handwriting I nrned it over and over, a presentiment of the truth gradually dawning up>u me. I untwisted it and then reai iti contents with mingled feelings: " Tou are adaotor aod a patlanu, and I think ycu will not refuse me yonr advice and help. Can joa meet me J his evening in the weet terrace at nine o'clock I It ia a matter of life and death (Simpd) " TBE GBEY Nurse." " Here's a now d'ye do I here's « pretty men T quo tod 1 excitedly. " Certainly, mj pretty grey nurse, I will meet you with the greatest of pleasure. Sorely I was bom under a lucky star." 1 had not been in the ho- se much over forty-eight hours and yet, here I was already looking eager.y forward to keeping an appointment with a sweetly pretty, mysterious little personage known as the " grey mine." I wocrer how she got to know my name and profession," I mused; " but I daresay die has seen me somewhere before. Goodneai known what institution she fceloaga to. Dsar litth thing 1 fancy her picking me ont to help he> 1" I was an used from my pleasant and flattering musings by t he dinner-bell, and ^hastened to change my (hooting things for the orthodox cjnner dren. "I wonder what she thinks of me!" I murmured complacently, as I tied my tie in front of tbe glass," she mn«t like me or she would not trust me." I ate my dinner that evening almost without a word. My thought* were too busy with the little grey nuree and ha note, 1} ing so snugly in my breast pocket, to talk even to the handsome, witty woman whom I had taken In to dinner. She tried perseveringly to engage me into a conversation, but each time I answered so absently and absurdly that at last, with a charming shrug Mid pout, she gave it np. I give it up, doctor," sbs Bald, * it is about as difficult to make a pig talk as yon to-night," 1 apologised hastily and humbly, and Beatrice Stanley took up the affair. " A penny for your thoughts, Mr Hartyn; do tacy concern the pretty grey nurse, prayf" I looked into her handsome sneering face and wondered dreamily why she hated me so. "Tour family ghost, do yon mean," I inquired ; " no, my thoughts jist then were with the living, not the dead." " What do you think of her now, Jack! asked Unnoud, caxeieayir. Have yon Been her } n inqntred my fair companion, eagtrly, and I fell a number ef beautiful interested eyes instantly fasten themselves opom my impassive conntsaance. «let, I did, and so did the Professor," I replied calmly, and the nnmbar of pretty eyes wereat once removed frommyfaee to thatof the Professor. 1 was very glad that Beatrices Stanley at that moment gave the signal to rise 1 wasalckof thediniaerandthoeadlfss chatter, and I was anxious to get away as coon aa ponft?l& This was not very soon, hofsm. I had the greatest difficulty in getting out of a scientific argummt with the Professor, 1 managed bysomeaffiua to wriggle oat of it,and to hand turnover to Ormoni, and when they were fairly In it 1 slipped quietly away, obtained an overcoat andean from the cloakroom, and jo^ as the hand of my watch was on the figure nine, I closed, the hall door after'me' and stepped out into the bright fmty idght CHA.PTEB IV. -THE GBET KTTB8E 6PB&KB.; As ( crossed the bright, glittering I Inwardly wishedtbemoon wader a< . anywhere except rolling calmly nomas cloudless sky. I harried as qulddy aa possible to the west saoet knowing that when I could nagfril* gbdter I thoold be perfectly safe from prying eye*, we«t side of the Eallwas almost entirely uninhabited. The west terrace was also, fortunately, in the shadow, and I heaved a sigh of relief wheal had left the moonlight behind me. I looked eageriy before me as I strode along, and mM||ffl : stood treforeftaS, the shadow of the massive.ivy-colotei wall- We shall be safe to half-an-hour, at an rate " she went on rapidly. *• I most tell y*« what qbave to in as fchort a time as I can. . She pau ed, and drew a long qniverius breath, and I felt that she was trembling violently. Poor little thing 1 I was sorry in my hearfor her, and, drawing nearer to her. I took her little shaking hand and drew It through my arm. "There," I said, patting it gentlv, "now trust me entirely, and tell me everything.' u I know yon well by . repute, and I have seen you once before in London ;. that is why I. have chosen yon to oonfile my terrible story to. I cannot tell you how glad I wa« when I recogntsad you last night in the hal<- I knew I ted found someone at last who would help ub." She paused for breath, and then, lowe -ing her voice still more, continued rapidly: " I must tell yon my story aa qoickly as possible. Gregory Ormond's poor wife is hidden in tbe west portion of the hall, and is being gradually and most cruelly mur dered by her own husband and a friend of his." 1 ottered an exclamation of honor and amazement, and she went on without heeding me: " I am sapposed to be here noising her for paralysis. Bat, great Heavml I am as powerless to help and save her from the era el, but sure, death that is gradually overtaking her as a child unborn. I want your help—I must have it." Shesooke passionately, and clasped my arm with two clinging little bands, turning her beaatiful dark eyes cm to my sympathetic face. " Bnt I thought she was In Italy," I said, Bhe made a gesture of impatience. " Bo it is supposed by outsiders. But the Stanleys and tha servants know that she is in the house ; they imagine that she is dying from gradual paralysis of the brain and limbs. Doctor, it is a He I" I started, but only pressed her hand; and she went on : When I came here about six weeks ago Mra Ormond was as well as I am, except for a strange weakness and lassitude. Now I have to feed her, lift her in and out of bed, and dress her. She has lost nearly all the UB". cf her limbs, besides which she is gradu ally, day by day, losing her reason. Every day she grows more simple, more insane. Oh I doctor, it is terrible to watah htr 1 Save her before it is too late." For the moment I thought the little grey nurse wbs about to break down, but, conquering her hysterical motion pluckily, she continued her story: " Doctor, I cannot bring forth positive proofs but my professional experience airt instinct tells me that the poor thing is being poisoned. It is not an ordinary poisoning case either, such a one as we meet with very often in this hospitals, but it is full of horrible mystery, cruel crima, and Horror. Doctor, do you believe that anyone can be poisoned by injection I" " Certainly," 1 replied promptly. " And do you know of any slow, insidion*, but deadly poison that, injected in any portion of the b-idy, gradually paralyses both mind and body bat leaves no suspicion of poison, or anything beyond the ordinary state of nature 7" I shook my head, but said thoughtfully : '• No, I know of none; but I have no doubt whatever that there is such a poison existing, and that it will be discovered some day. Bat. tell me. if yos ate in constant attendance upon this unhappy lady, what chance has her husband to icjeot the" poison, as you suspect he does f" She shonk her head and shivered, ' I do not know He comes to see her regularly once a week, but I never leave her whilst he is there. H - posseoes a key to her rooms, however, an 1 I think the diabolical mischief i« done whilst I am away sometimes, taking a breath of fresh air out here on the terrace, or fetching things I reqairo from downstairs. The servants are not allowel to wait upon me, yoa know; if they bring a bucket of coal to the door it is aa much *s tbcyd»n:thl They all oM, well paid servants and they suipsct no evil. They think, like Beatrice Stanley and h<T husband, that poor Mrs Ormond is gradually djing under tbe grievous affliction of paralysis of the bodr and the brain. Bhe is, too, but from foul, not natural, means." " Well, what do ron want me to do I,' I asked, as she paused. " I want you to examine her. Tou am a medical man, and you can do so with safety. Then if yoa find my suspicions are correct, uive information t« proper authorities and lave the matter well looked after. If yon will not. help me to get away and 1 will expose them myself," she added passionately; "surely there is justice even lor at poor women 1" " Hush I" I cried quietly ; " bow yon are ta" king nonsense. Trait me, I will do everything that is right. Tell me, is there any mark to show that an iojection has ever taken place f " Yes," she answered eagerly, " a little round red mark inside the right aim bJow the elbow. The mark was very small when I first came, but I notice that it grows gradually larger, and has the appearance now of a sore with the head knockal off." f Is that the only sign I" " All, except the increased helplessness of tbe limbs, and the feebleness of the Vraln." " When can I examine her t" " Sunday, the day after to-morrow, would b* the best. Mr Ormond is quite safe for that day ; he never comes to see her on a Sunday,'and I do not leave her from morning till light" " Very well then, shall I meet you here on Sunday evening, and will you then take me to the poor girl f " Ton meet me here at half-past six. thev will be dressing for dinner then, so I think that will be the best time. Good-night, I dare not stay any longer, they will discover us, and poor His Ormond will be awake and crying for me." " Stay," I cried, as she was turning away, « yon have not fold me yonr name, what ml I to call you by f" " Nnne Dawson," she replied shyly, blush' ing all over her fair little face sod dropping her dark eyes beneath mr ardent gsze. "But what is your Christian name!" I. aaked again, holding her little trembling feanda tm&yia; mine, ST murmsred— " Nan® Kitty, cht" I said audaciously. « Well, dear, bnve Uttie Hnrse Kitty, goodnight, and I will be here on Sunday evening at h&'f-pest six sharp." "Tee," she whispered. "Qoodrnight, KWfiB hey I»V»es «way,ahe mi like! bird down Use terrace and round a corne ont of my right", I Stopped to light a cigar, then strolled back to the front of fee feowe, meditating qpon what the little grey num disclosed to " a. " By Jove," I muttered," Ormond ia more of a vtllain and lesa of a fool than I took him to be. Where has he got the ilea At injecting poison from! and, sgaln, where has he obtained the poison from P Be must have a clever accomplice somewhere. •• W«SMt fs an original and actenUfio way of getting |id of one s wife ; imt.arh*t a brute he mnst be." 11 cky lil^t Mmif I. mnrmured; "brjove," mga(»wli&y; t to woman ««rth*tf|U»lBgr»Bfllff «n I many ft sihaU be Kuxpe Kitty. The men bad not left the dining-room when I got back: I beard their voioes and laughter as I paaaed the door, bnt I did not goto. Iwenf^gfattotiMgHmta-iooe^ where I wm welcome e ^ w ^ ^ 1*62 agreaahle to the tver it is, it has done its work. Nurse, I am afraid I am too late to aave lira Ormond'a Ite. I think it is right to tell yon that she might die at any moment." Tears shone in the little woman's pitying •yes. • Then it is of no use endeavoring to get her away I" "None whatever, nothing can save her now; 1 might have saved her bad I seen her a few weeks earlier; as it is well, do not leave her for a moment nnlesa yon feel pretty well sure that Ormond and his accomplice are out of the house. By the way, do tou know who the man is who has lent his diabolic si aid to accomplish this cruel thing f " Oo I know him I" «he cried, her fair faoe flushing indignantly and her da k eyes fl«sh ing. "the fiend I the smooth-tongued serpent If ha is in tbe house now you must know him too. Expose him, ruin him, if you are a man and a Christian ; bring his grey hairs down to the grave with the moat bitter shame and dishonor f' " His name t" I whispered hoarsely, my face paling a a a horrible suspicion flashed through my mind. She gaxed into my face with bitter carting lips and passionate eyes. " Professor Wagstaffe," she said quietly. I drew my breath in quickly. I knew by iuatinct that she was speaking the truth. I did not pause to doubt or question. "Great God I the villain," I mnttered, clenching my hand. "I will avenge this x>or dying woman aa ante as there is a God In heaven." It was in the interests of science, you forget," she raid mockingly, and then with a little choking sob ahe was moving away towards the bed, when I slopped her gently. " One moment," I said. " I will run np to London early to- morrow, and wi'l call at Scotland Yard. We will avenge this poor girl even if we cannot save hei lite-" I looked eagerly for the thanks I expected in the young nnrse's eyes, and I found them. " Thank you, thank you," ahe murmured. " I would like to see you to-morrow evening," I said. " Can you leave a note on my dressing-table to say when and where I can meet yos I" She nodded and then hurried away, and I -went slowly back to my room to 4on my dinner clothes. I found it hard work to hide my feelingB, and to be as friendly as usual with my host and the Professor. I flatter myself, however, that I acted my part to perfection withont creating the Least suspicion in the minds of either of the men. I discussed a knotty question with the latter with unusual brilliancy and enthusiasm, though I longed passionately to stand up and proclaim him before the whole table to be a frand and a Ecoondrel. I joked and laughed with Ormond, and as we rose from our wine to join the ladies, I declared my intention of running up to Londou in the morning. " Very well, my boy—come and go juBt as yon please," answered Ormond, gaily. Bat try and return in time for dinner. Beatrice has invited some of the county magnates." I promised to do eo if possible, and smiled grimly to myself as I thought that perhaps I should not return alone. 1 was up early and away by the first train to London, and I returned just as the wintry twilight was drawing in, but not alone. I was accompanied by two officers from Scotland Yard. I did not bring them to the Hall, but left them at the west lodge. " I will send for you when I want you," I said. CHAPTER VI. IN THE INTJCBEST OF SCIKNCK. I reached my room safely without meeting anyone except one of the demure middle-aged women servant*, who gli 'ed about the house, and got m our way occasionally, aod hurried with break-mck speed into my dress-clothes. I spent vrry little time before my looking-glasa that evening, and even debarred myself the pleasure of wrangling over my white tie I was anxipus to reach the drawing-room aa early as I could. As I opened my door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumbled over a little greyclad figure waiting patiently outside. " I beg yonr pardon—why, nurse J * She took hold of my arm, and drew me forcibly away down the corridor. " Quick 1" she cried. " Mra Ormond is dead or dying Come to her." We traversed tbe deserted corridors and dark passages until we reached the west wing, and then 1 stood by the bedside and looked down pityingly, regretfully intrthe peaceful dead face of Gregory Ormo«»** murdered wife. "The villains! The villains!' I mattered passionately, and the little nurse peed into my face with ante questioning eyes. •' Tea, she is dead,* I replied and for the first time to my knowledge the brave little woman broke down completely, and, flinging herself baside the bed, wept bitterly. I gazed msodily at them both, the dead woman with ber wisted face beaatiful by death, and her living, breathing Bister mourning for her Joss, Presently Nurse Sate arose and <drbd htr eyes reaolately. Now I am ready," ahe said; " what am I to do P" Are your nerves steady f" I asked. ' Perfectly—holding ont two steady little hands, which I promptly seised in mine, and bald fast and close. Well, I want yra to run down to the west lodge, and tell two men yon will find ere to come np tethe Hall at once. It wilTnot take yoa ten minutes, and when yon return get one of the women servants to help you with yonr poor patient. Can yon do this P" " Tee," Bhe replied," but, doctor, what are yon going to do with her—murderers t " Deliver them over to justice," I Mid, rterniy- " Now, dear, wrap up and run «way aa quickly as yon can.' I still held htr hands, re'uetant to let them oat of my (rasp, thai I bent and kissed the foft white fitters tenderly. " Daar, brave jfttLs Nurse Kitty I" I cried. When I enterea the drawing-room some, fifteen minntea lata I found Ormond and the Professor tbe centre of a group of brilliant men and women. I walked straight up to them, and atood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced' carelessly at ms and she Professor smiled kindly. j ] " What is the matter, Jack, you look white; and harassed. Have yon seen a ghost I" ' Ho,'' 1 aDswer«d coldly and distinctly,' "bat 1 have joit Icoked upon tbe dead face of a murdend woman, Gregory Ormond, yonr srife I* lead, and I accuse yoa and yonr clever scientific accomplice, Professor Wagstaffs, of her Heath." I glanced bward the open door aa I snoke loudly and tistinctlj, and the two ciffieeis from Scotlsiti Yard name in and advanced towards us. bome of tie ladies screamed, some tainted. Beatrice 6tinley stood perfectly stall, lirid a great horror in her hand' the men looked white and yon in the Queen's name for Oharlotte Ormond." id mate and Mill beneath the one of the officers, a terrible his ghastly face; bat the y shook o5 Us man's hand and sralked to ward me, smiling blandly as fnri, t -My dear Doctor," be said, "this is nn- Undof yod. It iras all in the interest of scUnoe. I mafdeied the nnhappy young woman if roa like, I do not deny it, I do not regret it, I would Jo it «gidn r and again to gain the knowledge I base gained, it ia a bssEtiful thing, a voUe poison; shall f. explain it to jronf Ahl y<» . you're a doctor, too. Fie I Why, doctor, if I liked I sould kill you there aa you atai - I could hrpnotiae you to death; thereis Imit to science and medicine. Shall I hyp- I wa^ hto og ^nOcally ai he advanced , nearer, and \ heard Stanley's voice at the .backc£me saying: "Just as I thought mad as a March mitted by a madam, in the felsresf of tdenee. I turned away «i% a groan, sick at heart, and curing myself for my blindness. ' Take care of him," I whispered to the officer, "he fa mad, poor old man." At that moment Beatrice Stanley's horror and astonishment found niis ; walking unsteadily to her brother, ahe aaid haakfly: "Is this true 1 Have yon murdered ObarlotteP He retained htr gazs with wild haggard eyes, and whispered: " It was for her sake, Beatie." Aa he spoke he withdrew his fingers from his breast, where they had been lightly resting daring the whole of the painful acenr, and the next instant a sharp report rang through the room. A woman's shriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwards into his sister's arms shot *hrooeh the h»art. * * * * * * * It was on Christmas Day, our last say at Ormoni HalL We had followed poor Charlotte Ormond to Iwr grave, and now stood side by aide mentally bidding good-bye to the atlent, deserted HalL I bad promised to escort the little grey nurae back to the arms af her grey siatera and the shelter of a well-known institution in London, and in the m iming we were going to turn oar backs on the old place for ever. The gueats had all taken their departure, Beatrice Stanley remained shut up in her room, the Professor had been removed to a private asylum, and Gregory Ormond lay oold and still in the darkened room a* aiting his burial. I glanced at the girl at my side as we stood by the drawing-room window overlooking the anowy grounds. She was pale and heavy- eyed, and weary little lines of pain showed round the corners of her sweet mouth. " You look tired," I aaid tenderly ; " yon will be glad of a rest." "Fes," she answered dreamily, "I shall be glad of a rest," " Never mind, this is your last case, little one," I slid cheerfully, " no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you." " I hope not," she replied gravely, regarding me with soft troubled eves ; " but I shall be ready for any case our matron cares to send me to." Oh no, you will not, my pretty little; grey nurse," I answered coolly, rshall hare a voice in that. Doa't you know that you are to belong to me from henceforth !" I put my arms rouiH her and drew her to me. " Ton are to tell your matron Ic- morrow •hat I wish you to resign. I am to be your patient for the future, will you take care of me, Kitty ? ' And for answer she Bofily kitstd me, [THE EN ('J. 