MATRIMOJSTTAL MISHAPS. UTEIGrHBOIl BROWN'S COSTLY BLUNDER. " Henry, what do you think P Mr. Havensdale is studying for the stage. .He has written a play, and says he will read it to us to-night," says Mrs. Wilson, somcvbat excitedly, as her husband was removing his overcoat. He stopped proceedings, with one arm still in the sleeve of his coat, to stare at his wife. " Great heavens, Anna, have we got to take this on top of the flute? Either means insanity, but the two together means death-cold fingered death! I wish you and that fceron nroportioned biped to understand that I'm no phonograph, to have every too' in the e >untry yell at and expecting me to repeat to- morrow the utt« r.un e: T am forced to hear. If the idiot bp2ips any of his rantinus around me, he is liable to get his lv ad punched I have no love for his legship, to begin with. A. striking appearance he would make on the sfase! I will sit out in the barn until the curtain drops," Wilson savagely said. " I know I shall enjoy it, and yon Would, too, only yon are envious of his talents," she replied. *' Undoubtedly, madam," he sneered, elevating his chin and casting a dis dainful glance at his wife. He laid the plot in Ireland, in the days of ancient chivalry," she ex plained. " If he had laid it on the §r© wifh that eternal flute, his posterity would have risen up and called Mm blessed," he growled. The hours slowly passed and supper time came. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were at the table with their boarder. " We expect to hear that play this evening, and would prefer it in char acter," said Mrs. "Wilson, as they arose from the table at the close of the meal. " Very well, I will do my best," answered Kavensdale. He soon made his appearance, with a long scarlet cloak thrown over his shoulders, white knee pants, black stockings, and a green vest. Dangling at his spurred heels was a sword of prodigious length. After reading a few moments, he laid aside his manuscript, and recited i the play from memory. "Wheeling round to Wilson, aud drawing his i sword, he shouted: | " Iain the Ghostof Ancient Chivalry, come do battle for the down-trodden people of our unhappy land. Do you dare accept the gage ?" " You bet your bones I do ! And if you will lay down that pruning knife, and come at me with bare knuckles, I will fix you so your own folks would not know you from a barrel of mincemeat! !No specimen of a centre-pole can wlioop-la around my house without hearing from yours truly. Put down your prod-pole and face the music," howled Wilson. " Henry Wilson,are you crazy" " Lay down your fish spear aud meet me half way!" yelled Wilson, defiantly. With one long arm extended to wards the ceiling, and the other with sword in hand pointing at Wilson, the Ghost of Ancient Chivalry hissed: " Grasshopper! spider! flea! I could crush you with the weight of my little finger! You are not worthy o" my steel!" and with a knightly shrug of his shoulders he strode from the room. Savensdale's dog came from under the piano, lazily stretched himself and trotted towards the door. With a bound Wilson made a kick at the animal. Had it struck the object at which it was aimed, it would have driven the dog through the side of the house or broken Wilson's leg. But the dog slipped out of harm's way, and Wilson- landed backward on his head in a chair. " I'm glad of it! Serves you right! What do you suppose Mr, Savensdale thinks of you now ?" his wife eried. " Wilson slowly drew himself upon the chair. His right leg stood straight out in front of him, and he held his back with both hands. He gazed at his wife with a mournful expression, and groaned feebly. " What is the matter ?" she asked. "My backbone is broken," he replied. " Nonsense! If it were you could not move!" Yes, it ig. I eau feel the fracture , 3nd I am certain that the two ends of the bone have flipped by each other," he whispered. Why don't you hold your leg out that way ?" & Paralysed!" he moaned. " Fudge ! You are all right!" Of course I am. I am an india rubber man. No such thing as hurt mg me. Nevertheless, this night's work has been the winding-up of iny eaithly affairs. The onlv thing T re gret is that I did not bill the idiotic stork. ^ I am going to make a new will and stipulate that if you mnrrv him, every cent will go to found a lmme for U«°he exclaimed. . . ^here s a land that is fairer than flute k°ar<^er softly played on his Wilson was on his feet like a jump *Dg jack, and kicked the chair across the room with his paralysed foot. That flute seems to have a great healing power for you, my dear," observed his wife. " That fiend must go! I will pitch him and his outfit from the chamber window " " There a good time coming," pealed forth the flute. "It has come right now," yelled Wilson, starting for the stairs. A ring at the door-hell caused him to turn back, and, opening the door, he was confronted by his neighbor, Mr. Brown, who asked him to step outside for a moment. " Henry," he said, " I have always tried to be a good neighbor, and never had any fault to find with you until i you made a home for that bean-pole, i who cannot sleep without plaving a flute to snore by. My wife and I have lain awake nights for three mortal weeks and slept in the daytime, until we imagine we ean see flutes as long as the trees they are shipping from California to the World's Fair, and twice as large around, with holes in them like cellars. I shall have soften ing of the brain, or whooning cough, if it's not stopped," added Brown, as he desr-ondentlv shook his head. " Dear friend of my childhood's days, I am a persecuted man, and from the same source. Give me your honored hand, Brown, and then gal her all the brick*, stones, and dead eats that are distributed through the allev, and throw them through the win dcwjntohis room. I will stand all damages," chuckled Wilson. " Honest ?" questioned Brown. " Shure thing ! Land a few along side his elongated head, and I will stand thecigars. Pump them in thick! never mind the glass ; it's my housfc," said Wilson, patting Brown encourag ingly 011 the shoulder. " I will do it by joi-ks!' sa d . Browii. * IV ilson went back into the house, and with a m< rry twinkle iu his eyes threw himself on the lounge. Who was that ?" inquired Mrs. Wilson. " A man to see me on busiuess," was Wilson's short reply. " Meet me by moonlight," came in dulcet tones from the flute. It was quickly followed by a crash of glass, and a heavy substauce fell on the chamber floor. " What was that!" cried Mrs. Wil son, springing to her feet. " It's only your chum, the Irish Grhnst, reheaising," giggled Wilson. The music began again, and the glass began to rattle. " Thump ! bang! in quick succession, one after another, several missiles dropped on the floor and pounded the wall. "Someone is breaking your win dows !" yelled the boarder from the head of the stairs. Breaking your windows, are they ?" inquired Wilson, running up the stairs. " No, it is in the other room," replied the boarder. " What," yelled Wilson, rushing to the door, to find the floor covered with stone aud glass. Both windows were demolished and the plastering was broken in several places. " The old fool has been bombarding the wrong windows! Brown will go down in his pocket and pay for this! Idiot! coward !" Wilson ejaculated, rushing down the stairs. " This comes of your musical boarder!" growled Wilson, addressing his wife. " He will pay dearly for this job!" " Who did it ? Who will pay for it ?" cried Mrs. Wilson. " That long-necked boarder!" he yelled. " Why do you not go out and see who it was ?" she asked. " I suppose you think the rioters are waiting to be recognised. I am going to bed. The consarned fool!" Wilson muttered to himself. " All Brown knows is to raise a goat." "I just believe Henry Wilson en gaged some one to do it, and his agent has broken the wrong windows," she mused, eyeing her husband curiously. 