PALACE, MONASTERY AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It isa pleasure,'if a rather'melancholy one, to find in " Harper" a posthumous paper by the late Mr Theodore Child. It is a brilllant description of the Escurial, that singular and grandiose monument of the former might and magnificene of the Spanish Kings. One of the most attractive items in anexoellent?num. her of this harming magazine, it is as vivid and delicate as most things Mr Child wrote. lIEL.tNCL[OLV 13I ENSITTY. The first impression made by the Escurial is its immensity, and the last its melancholy. There is no getting away from the place. It nearly fills the little town of Esourial, for naturally a monument built in the shape of a gridiron to recall the instrument of torture on which St. Laurence suffered martyrdom is rather straggling. The immensity of it takes your breath away ; it is not a palace, but a o olopean town ; and although the sun may be shining brilliantly, it looks sad and funereal with its gray walls picked out with staring joints of white mortar, its leaden roofs, its granite. paved surroundings, its volcanic as. pect. This impression of something burned, blasted, plutonian, of some. thing that has passed through ragino fire, struck me time after time as I looked upon the structure. Nor is this idea of fire inappropriate. The palace-convent itself is built inthe form of a gridiron turned upside down, and that in memory of the patron, San Lorenzo, who was broiled by Valerian on a slow tire, and, according to Prudentins, bore his martyrdom with coolness and ever jocose irony, for when - ONE SIDE WAS OASTED he had' himself turned, and invited his cooks to try whether he tasted hbetter underdone orwell done.. . The sur face ocoupiedby the edifice is 39,000 square metres ; the exterior facades measure more than 800 metres, and are pierced by fifteen doors and 1128 windows ; in the interior there are sixteen court-yards, eighty-six stair oases, eighty-eight fountains nine towers and 4665 rooms; in the whole edifice there are more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doorse, while the lobbies; cloisters and court-yards measure in length some 75 miles. TIISe GOOST OF PHILLIP. The Escurial is haunted by the ghost of its founder, the grim, gloomy, fanatical Philip II., who married our own Queen Mary. and made of the Inquisition an unexampledengine of tyrannicalpower. He built the vast place as a monument to his father and himself; but. as the old I)uke of Braganza said, "he who made such a great vow must have had a great fear." Mr Child gives us a striking picture of Philip's own quarters. With a chill of mysterious terror you pass through a low door, and find yourself in a simnple room, with a' tiled floor and bars whitewashed walls, relieved at their base by the usual blue and white tiles. The room is lighted bythree smallwindows glazed with old rough glass, through' which, may be seen vast landscapes of dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, which prove that the morose King - was not so ill advised as ' some writers state when he chose the site of his cloistered palace. '. This is the room were Phillip II.-lived in monastic simplicity, and boasted that from the foot of his moun tain he. GOVERNED THE OLD SWORLD AND .TlI .NkW with two inches of paper. ' The carpet of matting, interwoven with gold, and 'with the. "double-beaded' imperial eagle in rdd,' is now. hung up against the rall, and the red tiles of the floor are bgree Here is the table where Philip .used to sit and' annotate State papers; here are his portfolio, his inkstand; his set of pigeon-holes ; here is the smaller table of his secretary, Antonio! Perez ; here is a miserable arm-chair studded with brass nails, and with a leather back: stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit; and on these two stools, with their cushions of greenish brown velvet-the one stool bearing still traces of red lacquer, the other of black wood bound with sliver-his I'ajesty rested his uloered legs. Inthe alcove to the right, the great monarch slept on a bed doubtless as VULGAR ADEEVENSORDID n as the chairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to the alcove is a dark oratory within walla of polished and panelled jasper. Touch a spring, the panels open and reveal the grand 1 altar bf the church, and on the opposite side, in guilt bronze, the group ot Charles V. . KNEELING IN ETERNAL I'RAYEILt with the women of his houso beside him.. In this narrow oratory Philip, in 1698, took to his bed suffering tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally like Job upon hisdung-heap. Through these narrow openings in the jasper panoels, with which the irreverend fingers of curious' tourists', now play, the monarch, worn- out with care and siokness, peered with anxious eyes as the priest celebrated mass amidst the. splendor of, the eapllla mayor. ,Here, in this narrow, dark, and close corner, he died.' An inscription on theswall records the graphic summary of his end :-" In this narrow chamber died Phillip II. when the world was too small to contain the son of Charles V. He lived so far from the earth that his soul alone was living; of his body there remained. but the shadow when he finished dying." TIlE MUJIMMY OF "OIGEAT CAROLUS." And now forthe end of all the might and splendor of the Spanish Hapsburgs-the race who for a brief space held the major part of the world's wealth-not, as it turned out, in fee, but on sufferance : We 'descend into the royal tomb, or Pan.' theon. for such is the term g'iven by -the Catholic Spaniards, to a Christian burial.. place. This vault, 'placed exactly beneath the high altar of the church, is' an octagon room 36ft in 'diametor and 38ft high. You. descend iito' it 'by mean. "of a. staircase whose .. walls: are ' .lined with green-and-yellow. polished jasper. The walls of the Pantheon are of polished marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna mented with gilt bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artists after the death of Philip II. As an inscrip. tion informs us, the founder of the Escurial built only a simple vault. Philip III. began the' present gorgeous structure in '1017; Philip IV. completed it, and. IOVED IN TIlE ROYA BODIES on the 17th March. 1051, after Diego do Velssquez had with his own hands fixed inits plaCe the bronze crucifix by 'Pedro Tacos, which he had brought back from Italy. Tbhe octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelves, on each of which is a grey marble sarcophagus or unin of classical shape. On theleft are the kings, and on the right the mothers of kings,from Charles V. down to our own times. In 1054 Philip IV. opened the urn containing the remains of Charles V., andafterlooking awhile at the mummified body, he said, laconnically, to Luis de H?aro, "Don Luis, cuerpo honrado." To which the Prime Miitater replied, "Si, senor, muy honrado." Charles II. also opened THIS AUOUST'SARCOPIiAOUS, which was again opened by Ferdinand VII. after the French invasion, and once more in 1870, 'when the as pect of the mummy was eare folly reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and phjtographs from this picture now enable enrious tourists to carry away with them an authentic portrait of the corpse of the grest erisperor.whose features Inspired so hapoilythe brush of Titian and the ebiseloftheLeonis. "Silent,' empty, dear ald neeles- ; a pro digous monument from which the soul has departed,'-that is Mr Child's summing up ofthis wonderfuL monument.- St. James' Budget." • -Buffalo is the bnly city ins'thei Ulited States thiat has given thb country two Presidents. An edict promulgiated in1140 byRoger II., King of the Two Sicilies, is the first known legal enactment for the regulation of melicalpractice inEprope. A Spanish subject in Brazil, ha'ving. refusaed to. join the armiy, was severely; flosaed by order of a colonels of the' Rn subnlii The, Spanish "Government' hasi domnanded reparatior fom i'Brazl;. 