THE SEBMON. The Rev. Canon Handheld preached the sermon from 2 Corinthians it, li : 'But thanks be unto God, which always leadeth ns in triumph iu Christ, and maketh mani fest through us the savour of his knowledge in every place. For we are a sweet savour of Christ unto God, in them that are being saved, and in them- that ere perishing ; to the one a savour from death unto dpath ; to the other a savour from life unto life,' The rev. gentleman took his text from the revised version of the Scriptures as being more expressive, but pointed out how little difference there was between the versions. He drew a vivid pictare of a Roman 11 triumph,' from which tbe imagery of Paul was taken, the prisoners being led in chains at the rear of the victors' chafibtf in tbe midst of a gorgeous vtyle incense was bnrpeg an$ blgpd sprinkled on tbe s^arf'. The passage was a very good illustration of Paul's characteristic habit of referring all the events of bis life to the overruling dispensation of God. With out sacrificing any of the responsibility, of his own will be referred the details of his life to XJofi's over-ruling. So, , like Pftul, we may not drift carelessly along, we are bound to use -our own ~ju£g- ? meot hut must offer all our gi,(t« to tijod and be in ourselves $ sweft savour 'of Christ to Hiq*. $otye were called to ex !)ibit {/{trie* ip ptoichicg, in saoraments, in teachings, but all had to confess, none to deny him ; and the preacher, dwelling npon the tribulations of the earth, used a beautiFol image of the greater fragrance exhaled from the crushed leaves of fiowem, and sketched out the Christian virtues diffused by Christ's grace. Wbo was euffl- . cientfor these things f Did the question not provoke a Jittle irksome self-inqniry. It was a duty to become a sweet savour ; of 'Christ and duty implied thought, deter mination and effort. If the effort was made we were more than met half-way by God's grace. He traoed alt tbe events of a life to that grace and guidance, for our guardian angels were never far from as. ' May I be permitted to say this m^ch,' said the preacher, 'in regard to the special servioe of this evening. Ia the first -place, I am here only as the representative of the Archdeacon of Melbourne, who, I am grieved lo say, in enable to do the duty which be intended to do, and which, with the Bishop's conseut, I am here to fulfil in ihe Archdeacon's regrettable nbrence. That doty is a formal one, but to me it is charged with personal feeling. Fur I am here to induct an old friend successor to a friend still older. Of him I will not speak fur ther than to My thst of his long ministry in oar church — and I remember the day of his ordination— this church of All Sslols' is his monument. In leaving this church, with the traditions that have gathered round it to the diocese, my friend has con ferred npon the diocese what may well be called * a possession for all ages to be pre served.' He who comes ? to succeed him will, I know, take op his work in tbe same spirit of devotion— in thesame godly strain of effort. He comeB among you tbe led captive of Jcsss Christ, even as St Paal came to the Corinthians. He is obedient -o the voice which Bpoke to him with authority. Therefore, my brethren, you who have been so long in the front of our English churcb life here receire bim as it becometh saints. Let the dead past bury its dead. God grant that be may be to you a sweet savour of Christ, and that from you may sound out the word of tbe Lord around us, and that in all labour of love, in all patient endurance, in all enerey of love you may strengthen tbe churcb of this diocese, and in all time of her need bold op her hands.' Tbe ioduction ceremony was then con ducted by tbe Rev. Canon Handfield the few moments of silent prayer being succeeded by the hymn ' Come, Holy Ghosts, our Souls Inspire,' sung as a solo, quartette, and chorus, the solo being admirably sustained by Master Tnllidge. Dr. Summers likewise rendered an anthem ; specially composed, and as the recessional hymn « O Thou who Makest Souls to Sbine'was sung the procession of priests aud choristers slowly proceeded down the oentral aisle. Tbe musical portion of the service was excellent throughout, the Bev. W. C. Ferrall acting as precentor, while the choir was under the capable guidance of Mr. Charles Traelove. 