A SLENDER CLUE; Or, THE MYSTERY OP MAIRDT.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. Y1W LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER LXV.--( Con)inuied.) The story is old to all except Mrs. Jermyn, but she is listening intently, and more and more as he progresses the narrator addresses himself to her. 'At the inquest a witness pre sented himself who gave some inter esting and important evidence,' he goes on. ' He had been out all day with a gay party, and coming in, about midnight, he saw a man going up the groat stairway carrying a woman in his a arms. He noticed that the man was well dressed, that he 'wore a light overcoat, and kept his hat well down over his eyes; that he stepped lightly, and was firm and easy in his carriage. At the room where, the next morning, the dead woman was found, this man halted, .,;,`pushed open the door with his foot, '.: Nand entered. While the witness was wondering, the man came out again, and said that his wife had been frightened in, tlu street and had fainted, and asked the witness to go below and order up some .ice water. This he did, and went his way, thinking no more about the matter. W'hen he saw the body, he was able to identify the. cloak in which it had been wrapped, and the crimson drapery which she wore. The man who brought her there, and who, no doubt, had administered the fatal dose, had probably brought her in a carriage, rushed into the office when there was a. crowd about the desk, demanded his key, and got it before the overworked night:clerk had found time to notice him, and carried the woman, who was then dead or dying, boldly up the grand staircase to the room. Again he pauses; Mrs. Jermyn is leaning slightly forward, a look of strained expectancy in her eyes. 'The poisoner,' she says eagerly; ' was he found there ?' 'No.' ' And the woman-she was iden tified ?' ' That's the singular part of the story; she was evidently a stranger in New Orleans; but almost at the last moment a detective, a friend of mine, made his appearance, and identified the body. It seems that, months before, a young girl had disappeared from her home, a long distance away from New Orleans, and detectives had been em ployed to search for her. At first it was thought that she had been killed by a jealous and disappointed lover, but afterward the officers became pretty thoroughly convinced that she had simply abandoned her home and her old father to seek her fortune. She was good-looking, clever, ambi tious, and bold to recklessness. She was traced from city to city, and finally, there.she lay, a stranger in a strange land, murdered, robbed, for saken in death by the man to whom she liad confided her future. She had brought her old father to the verge of the grave, caused her father's wife to meet with a violent, horrible death, driven a lover to murder and insanity, and brought, by her rash acts, disgrace and imprisonment to an innocent man all this within less than a year -and there she lay, the victim of a blonde adventurer, an ex-convict, an assassin. Poor, ambitious, deluded victim! The career she had longed for was ended; hbr fortune was a grave in Upton Cemetery. -There is her picture. Her name was Bertha War ham.' He had risen quickly ; he is stand ing before her holding the picture beo fore her wildly staring -eyes. She has listened with a growing horror in her face, and now, as he utters these last words rapidly, like a denuncia tion, she staggers- to her feet, lifts her quivering arms and haggard face towards the coiling; and falls heavily forward, prone upon the floor, at his " feet. Her sin has found'her out. CHAPTER' LXVI. FACE TO FACE WITI IERE SIN. 'Oh,' sobs Reno Baring as they lift the senseless form and place it upon a sofa, ' that was horrible !' 'It was right, and it was true,' replies Carnes, the narrator, as he turns from the sofa. ' Baring, this is your part of 'the work.' He crosses the room and joins Stan 'hope, who has not attempted to help them lift her, 'but has turned to the window instead, his back toward the others. ' Is that your opinion too, Dick ?' he asks, placing a hand on the shoulder of the other; ' do you think I painted it too black ?' ' You couldn't paint it too black,' says Stanhope, gloomily. .' It was the only way to deal with her.. But it's an ugly piece of.work for me. I wish to heaven it was over !' 'I understand .you, Dick. It is a bad buisiness, but' you don't blame yourself, I hope ?'I ' I ! good angels ! No. If I thought for one moment that I had overstepped the botinds marked out for me, or in any way taken advantage of my position, I should hate myself as it is-' 'Oh!' It is Baring speaking in an undertone. 'I thought so; strong nerves hers; she'll be all right in a moment now.' He rises from the floor, where he has bent upon one knee to listen to the patient's almost imperceptible breathing, and steps back. ' That will do, Rene,' he says, 'let nature do the rest.' Reno's fan vibrates more slowly, and she gives the smelling-bottle into her husband's hand; but she keeps her place near the head of the sofa. ' Poor thing!' she says softly, ' I pity her !' 'I don't!' says her husband, turn ing towards the two by.the window, ' she's been her own executioner. Shall I call her in now ?' Stanhope nods, and Baring goes to the door of the inner room, opens it, and beckons to someone within. 'Now,' he whispers, and a tall woman, all angles and sharp lines, with a firm-sot-mouth; but with infi nite pity in her grey eyes, comes forth. It is Susan. She takes the smelling-bottle from the hand of the young physician and goes straight to the sofa. ' Firm,' whispers Baring. ' Quiet,' then he moves back, and Rene follows him to the window where the two de tectives stand. The patient stirs feebly, and Susan, with a quick movement, interposes herself between the sofa and the group at the window, then they are all quiet, silent. Another movement from the patient -the head turns from side to side -then she utters a low moan, opens her eyes, arid sees the figure beside her. ' Susan!' What a cry it is ? She clutches at the two firm, unlovely, hands, and clings to them convulsively. ' There, Bertha, child, you are better -hush!' Her eyes close again, but she clings to the friendly hatnds. Then once more they flutter open, and sud denly she qits erect, staring at Susan' wildly. ' Drink this, Miss Warham,' says a voice at her elbow, and she turns and sees Doctor Baring'at her side, with a wineglass in his hand. ' Drink this, Miss Warham,' he repeats, 'you need it. It is a cordial.' They are prepared for many things -for tears, for hysterics, for denials, for protestations, for bravado, for rage. They are not prepared for what comes; they do not quite know her yet-not not even Stanhope, not Rene, clever student of her own sex though she is. Twice, thrice, she has been ad dressed as Bertha Warham; and now, as she looks about her, she sees the group of three still by the window, and Susan standing beside her; she is suddenly, surprisingly calm. She takes the glass from Baring with a steady hand and. drains it to the last drop, and as she gives back the glass she says clearly, distinctly, looking him straight in the face : 'I am not Bertha Warham! I am '-oh, how bitterly, with what self-loathing she speaks the name ! 'I am Mrs. E. Percy Jermyn." 'It is true, then,' says Carnes, coming forward, 'that she who was once Ellen Jernyngham is dead ?' Then all that this man has said all of his terrible story, word for word, sweeps back upon her memory; she turns toward him a look of unmistak able horror in her eyes. 'Tell me,' she cries, ' was it true ? Did you, did anyone bury a woman in Upton-a woman whom they called Bertha Warham? A woman who looked like-like that picture ?' With a quick stride Stanhope stands before her, stern-faced as Fate. ' I can best answer that,' he says. ' It was I who found that body inNew. Orleans; who identified it as that of Bertha Warham. It was I who took it to Upton'and saw it buried by the side' of John Warham's two wives. It did.resemble that, photograph, and it resembled you even more. It was horribly like you as you look now. We night have continued to think it Bertha Warham but for a discovery made at the last moment by Doctor Baring, here, and another medical man. The blonde hair of the dead woman, that was so like the hair of the real Bertha Warham, was only dyed blonde. The natural hair was black, as black as yours is dyed at this mnoment. In your search for something more exciting than Up ton and your father's house could give you, you have played a des perate game, and you have left a trail of blood and guilt and shame and' sorrow all along your path. But your game is ended; so whether you are Bertha Warham or the wife of a poi soner matters little; you are not Ellen. Jernyngham; you are an. usurper! and unless you tell us all the truth- we already know enough to send the man you call your hus band back to the prison fromwhich he came, if not to the gallows-unless you make what reparation you can, you have nothing to expect from me, from any of us.' If she were doubly the sinner that she is, she is punished now. In all the days to come, no matter how dark they may be, she will never suffer again as at this moment, when, stand ing before her like a wrathful Fate," the man whom, in a few short weeks, she has grown to love, as, in her reck less, ambitious life she never dreamed that she could love, denounces her, despises her, menaces her. in the name of justice; pours into her eyes from his the scorn he feels. For a moment her face is convulsed, and her fingers writhe where they lie, clasped together in her lap; then she rises and stretches out her hands toward him, and all the while her eyes look straight into his. 'I am guilty,' she cries, 'guilty of all that you say, and more. But not of that-not of Ellen Jernyng ham's murder! I did not know it! I had no-part in it! Oh, the liar ! the assassin! Tell you all? Am I not burning to tell you all? Never fear that I shall keep anything back. The one desire that I have left is to see him punished! Oh, the soft, slow serpent!' Her hands drooped loosely, she sways, and falls again, this time to be caught by Stanhopo, into whose faco for the first time comes a ray of pity. He lays her gently down and then recoils with a look of horror; for now, in her death- like swoon, she looks, even more than in life, like the dead . woman at. the Hotel Victor. They are so like that he feels a thrill of superstition as he gazes; and when Baring comes forward the super stitious thrill passes on to him. Some thing-a look that had not yet found its way into her face when she fell before the first shock-has overspread the pallid features now, and completed the ghastly resemblance. 'It is worse than seeing a ghost.' Baring mutters across his shoulder to Stanhope. And now the woman in Rene rises and compels all to obey her. ' Go out,' she says, ' every one of you ! Go anywhere ! You shall not say another word to her until she has quite .recovered. No, wait Kenneth, do you help Miss Susanl to bring her in, and lay her on the bed.' When they have carried her to the inner room, and Rene has shut the door upon them, Stanhope passes his hand across his brow and says: 'I believe I will go out,' and hlie goes, but Carnes and Baring go over to the window, and there they sit like sentinels. CHAPTER LXVrII. IIER STORY. ' It's the most singular thing I ever heard of,' says Baring, after a long silence. ' How two identities could be so completely changed! women, with no tie of blood, to explain their amazing resemblanice! It's almost beyond belief !' 'Well, I don't know,' says Carnes. ' I suppose nature can't always go on turning out originalities with. always the same materials. Look at it!" there must be every time, two eyes, two ears, nose, mouth, teeth, hair, two feet, two hands, and six foot, the limit for stature. One of these new creatures from old materials comes into the world every. minute, they say; always the same combination of eyes, nose, ears, teeth, &c.; ; and yet, when it happens, as it does occasionally, that nature repeats herself, we all say "astounding! too strange for belief !" Bah! isn't it more astound ing that out of five million mothers, all built after the same general plan, every child is able to pick out its own with perfect certainty ? It even selects its grandmother with tolerable precision, and a Mparried man, I am told, is always painfully sure of the identity of his mother-in-law; and yet the world is full of mothers-in-law, and popular ieport pictures them very much alike.' One of his sudden transitions has taken place, and Carnes, who was sufficiently, yes, painfully serious, only a few moments ago, is now as whimsical as relieved anxiety can make him. 'But really,' says Baring, not able so soon to get away from the serious side of the case, ' did you ever know of anything like this ?' ' Well, not like this. Not anything half so bad; .but I have known a re semblance almost as close as this to cause considerable trouble. It hap pened nearly fifteen years ago, and was among my youthful detective experi ences. It was the case of a young lady, who was greatly annoyed bybeing seen in places where she had never been. She was seen in town when she was in the country, and in the country when she was in town. Our acquaint ance met her at a party, where she refused to recognise him. Several of hdr friends cut her com pletely because of supposed slights re ceived on the streets, or at the theatre, or some other public resort; finally the thing became serious; half-a dozen more, too, having seen her in as many places of doubtful repute, her lover became alarmed, angry, jialous; the more she denied having been seen here and there, where she know she was not, the worse it made her case; finally she became desperate and determined to know the truth, and after considerable dodging I succeeded in running down.. her double, a pretty Bo hemian with no character to lose, who was as like her as a twin sister. To convince everybody, and silence all doubt, we brought the twb together. I never saw such a resemblance; you will remember that I have never seen this Ellen Jernyng ham of yours. But I have heard, from a London. detective, a stranger story yet.' ' Tell it.' 'It happened ton years ago, per haps longer. It was the case of a young man arrested for arson; he was said to have been one 'of a mob, a leader, in fact, who fired some great country seat, owned by a too oppres sive manufacturer. The outrage caused the death of a sick lady who was driven from home into the wintry night. Nobody would believe that they could be mistaken in this man;, he was identified by several witneshes; he had been closely seen by thein, was, in fact, in the company of one or two for some time; they did not hesitate to testify against him all they know how; his defence was an alibi; but they quashed that and had very nearly convicted him, when it came accidentally to the knowledge of his lawyer that he had a cousin several degrees removed who was his exact counterpart. They fol lowed out this new clue, found the cousin in hiding, and he confessed his guilt.' Well!' begins Baring again, then stops abruptly, for the door of the inner room opens, and his wife is ap. proaching.( •~P bd .COntjin1d.) 