A DOCTOR'S 8T0R7. (FB01I THE flPEAKEa.) Once m the course of a medical career of nearly thirty years I Baved a patient's life. In other cases I have mj doubts; but in that one I'm certain ot it, You'll take another cigarette P What, no P Then black coffee I The patient was a lady-young, and pot unpleasing. That gavo mo an interest in the case. She lived at Surbiton. I had never seen her be fore X was called in for this particular illness; but one day her hue band came to my house in Harley-street and wanted mo to go down post-haste with him to look at her. He was particularly anxious to get a fifat-rate London Specialist's opinion, They'd had a general practitioner (lowa at their own place, he said, but that wasn't enough lor him} he distrusted 0. F.'s. He insisted upon getting the very best advice for her* A tall dark man, the husband, with keen deep-sunken eyes. He looked a Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor. But what struck me most about him was the queer little fact that though he expressed the greatest anxiety, and deaired to show the deepest affection, 1 couldn't help feel ing it was my opinion he wanted lar more than my assistance. Ho laid great stress upon the point of my being an undoubted authority. What ever 1 thought of the case ho would know it was right. He didn't care about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors j he didn't trust their prog nosis ; but /--if 1 told him his wife; Would live, he could be sure she would recover; and if 1 told him-well, the worst-why, be knew he must accept it with resignation. (Cambrio pocket handkerchief.) I went down with him and saw her. She was very ill indeed. A most pathetio young woman. She roueed my keenest sympathy. But it was the queerest case 1 ever knew in my life. I could make nothing of it. 1 told tbe husband she was seriously ill* 1 doubted her recovery, she bad sunk so low; but 1 didn't understand it. His eyes bad an inscrutable gleam in them When I told him that; but he answered Very anxiously, " Can't you put a name to it P It would be satisfactory at least to know what it is that's the matter with her." " Wo, I can't," I replied. In the whole course of my experience I never yet saw anything like it." His face fell a little. Long medical practice has made me observe the quick shades of emotion that pass over laces. " I was in hopes that you would have Understood it," ho said, very slowly, with a hard look into my eyeB, point ing each word with emphasis. " It Was for that I went to the beat London Authority. I thought these ordinary suburban men might fail to make out, but that I was auro of an opinion from 8 great London specialist. They told me your forte waa diagnosis." Clever ul bun, I felt at the time, to try thus to work upon my professional Eride and my professional suscepti iiities. He fancied he could force mo or cajole mo into giving it a name. That waB decidedly sharp of him, but it overshot tho mark. It gavo me a first duo to the real nature of her illnesB. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no object, the affectionate husband sai l often. All he wanted was to be sure his dear wife had the benefit of the Very beat medical advice and assistance, The third day I was so puzzled I took toy assistant down with me without telling him why. I sent him in to see her. Wben ho camo out I said to him, II Well, Harvey, what do you make of it P" " I don't make anything of it," he answered. " I can't. It looks to me unique. I don't in the least under stand it." "Neither do I," I replied, stroking »y chin. " That's why I brought you to see it. ^ We Bat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assis tant said, very dubiously, "Thefaot is, Sir Everard, it appears to me-" " Well; go on, man ! Out with it!" " Not a case of natural disease at all but a case of poisoning." #" Precisely my opinion," I answered, giving a start. " I brought you here to confirm it." I went into the sick woman's room again. " I want to ask you ono question," I said* in as smooth a voice as possible. "You may think it an odd one. Is thero anybody who would benefit in any way by your death ?" She gazed up at mo feebly. " Not a . soul," she answered. " All I havo in the world I've left by will to dear Archie." That settled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the diningroom. The hneband was there, Bitting uneasily by the window. Ho looked at me with an anxious face. " Well, I found an opinion on the oase at last," I said, " and so has Dr. Harvey here; but perhaps it may dis tress you or annoy you to hear it." He glanoed nervously at my assis tant ; then at me in return. I had placed myself on purpose so that both our eyes were upon him from every angle. He shuffled in his chair. " Oh, I'm prepared for tho worst," he answered with a eickly smile, "I know she can't recover." .. Then do you desire me to give you tuo honest opioioa I've formed, I Mkfidp "at the risk of offending you P" " Yen, I want you? opinion," he answered j but his lips quivered faintly. 11 It's that that I called you in for." I stared straight into his eyes. I fli&d; him with mine. He couldn't avoid them without catching Harvey'a. 11 Then my opinion is this," I said .lowly and diatinotly, " that if your wife dies-you?II be hanged for it," . He never moved a muaole of bis face j but his color went with a rush-he was White as a ghost iu a moment. Ho rose with an effort. " This is a mauvaiso flaisantem," he cried, " at such a time aa this 1 A mannaise plaiaantone!" (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him At these critical moments.) "Noplaisanterio at all," I answered, Very grim, ° but a simple statement ot my medical opinion. Look here, Mr. 6o*and«so, we are two j you are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she recovers, we will hold you answerable. You wanted the best advice. Well, now you have got it, .Uon'ti suppose you can deceive me by using a little . known poison, I Won't let you murder her. Your Wife must recover, I have my .ye upon you. If anything ever bap* |es» to her, now or hereafter, X shall take good care there ia full enquiry \ and BO will Dr. Harvey. I say no more than that. And 1 wish you B very good morning. To«uiorrow, when 1 come, I shall expect to see a marked improvement." And BO I did. She was decidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In a month she WQB at Harrogate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature j and X allowed her to go on loving him. But 1 confess I was re* lieved when four years later be provi> dentially broke bia wretched neck on tbe Scbreckhorn. It uoburdened my mind of the responsibility of watching him. In other cases I have my doubts. But in that one I'm confident I really saved my patiout's life \ and I should think you agree with me. 