A GHOST'S REVENGE. A GHOST STORY, BY J, GALBRAITII, (A NKW WHITER,) / Conclwlcd.) It was a painful task, la vain Forster tried to close the black lustre eyes, fixed m a wide stare of indescribable horror. The tense features would not relax. Never bad human being passed from life leaving, behind him so terrible an impression of fear. ' At seven o'clock the surgeon for whom Forster had sent appeared on the scene. One glance at the body was sufficient for " He's dead," said the plain spoken country practitioner. " Dead as a door nail. How did it happen?" Ah! how indeed ? That was the mystery. A secret known only to the dead man ana to those unspeakable powers who work behind the veil, ^ t In the early morning of the last day of the year the household of the Hall had been startled from slumbers by a wild, agonised cry, followed by shriek upon shriek of demon iacal laughter. The ihorrible sounds lasted only for a minute. Before the terrified servants were fairly aroused and crowding together into the corridor, to learn the mean ing of this strange alarm, the house was wrapped in in its customary rsilence. For a few moments they had been too scared to do more than wonder at their master remaining undisturbed; then some one bolder than the rest, suggested that it would be as well to waken him. They knocked but received no answer. They called, but no voice replied. At last the butler ventured into the room It was empty. The night lamp, which Granville had lately used, was burning brightly, the fire was nearly out. The bed had not been occupied. Thoroughly alarmed now, a search party was formed, and, armed with lights and a brace of revolvers, the men descended to the ground floor. In the library the lamp was also burning. The odour of tobacco still hung in the air; a few embers glowed in the grate; the spirit decanters and an empty soda water bottle lay on the table beside an open book. There was no trace of any dis turbance, and there was no sign of Gran ville. The servants looked at each other in silence. No one dared to put into words the fear that lay chill at his heart. Sud denly the butler uttered an exclamation. His eyes had fallen on one of the windows. The long curtains were swaying gently backward and forward in the current of cold air from without. The shutters were thrown back, and the casement sfood wide open. They crowded round. "Steady, keep back a bit," pro tested one man, more astute than his fellows, "there is snow enough to hold foot marks. It's a pity to tread it about till we've got a lantern and struck the trail.'' In a-few minutes a covered light had been procured, and the thres hold of the window was examined. There could be no doubt as_ to the way in which Granville had quitted the room. Straight from the- sill the foot prints were distinctly traced in the light snow. Alorg the path they tracked the marks, round the corner of the house, across the lawn to the edge of the pond. And there, beneath the willows, half-hidden by tht drooping frost-browned ferns, they found the body of their master, still in evening dress, with clenched fingers, and and featurs transfixed in an expression of ghostly dread. The quiet little village was shaken to the core. All day long tho people gathered in knots to discuss the awful tragedy which had been enacted in their midst. Horror was in the air. Old superstition reasserted its sway with renewed strength. Old stories were repeated with bated breath ; for onco again the curse of the Deverell's had fallen and the truth of the half forgotten legend was triumphantly vindicated. By nightfall every human being had quitted the the precints of the fateful Hall. The Beared domestics absolutely refused to remain on the premises, and the big house was deserted, save for the silent form lying so still beneath the white sheet on one of the sofas in the library, in which room thb body of Phillip Granville had been laid to await the.coroner's inquest. To Forater this desertion of tho helpless corpse .seemed terrible. He would have , spent the night in watching beside the poor fellow who had so lately been his guest, and was only dissuaded from his purpose by the earnest solicitations of his church warden, a stalwart farmer, on whose grey head seventy odd years sat lighter than most men's fifty. " Parson," said the old man, solemnly, " tlieer's noa good a flyin' in the faced' Providence. Noa body thinks as you're a coward, but what sort o' use be theer in flingin' gqpd loives a'terbad uns ? Yon poor lad tried it, and see how they've served him. Thirty years ^ back Lord Broad borough's agent died in the same way. My feyther used to tell how, when he wore a little lad, on9 of the Dawbenys caam doon hissin' and boasting as how he'd better the Deverels. It was i' the summer time, and went well enow. But as soon as winter caame "on, they were at work ag'in, and t' ould squoire. lie began to grow graave and stern-like. He would na gi' in, till, on New Year's Eve, the house was fetched up by a fearful cry, and next mornin' they found his body in the ppnd theer, with a look on t' faace as, God forbid, should iver be sean on yours or moine. Mony an* mony ,a good mon has met his death, sin* the noight of that Katharine Deverel stood in yon window and cursed the mon who had robbed her of her husband's naame, an' theer lad of his lawful inheritance., ' You hev ta'an it by fraud,' she croid; «but tho Lord will avenge me. Noa good shall it bring thee. You shall neyther live in it yoursen, nor shall nn^Vf receive it at your hands. Though 1 loao my immortal soul,' she says, ' I'll hev revengo. You may tak' my ohoild's birthright, you may slur me fair naame, but noa mou-be bo young or auld, good or evil, so that be does na' bear th' naamo o' Deverel-shall live_to see a new year dawn wi'in tbese walls. III die on Deverel land,' says she; ' and no wbo braves ma curse shall die even as i bev died,' Then she called on the God of the feytherless to bear her words and turned away, and next mornin' they found her body stiff an' stark in , yonder pond, with the dead baby still' clasped in her arms. You'll bear in J*1011?' sir,what tbo Lord did to the mon who built up oho walls, o' Jericho. It's His will, and you bein' a parson, should knaw better than goa agin'Him. What harm can take yon poor bit o' clay now ? But you hev a wark to do i' the warld, and you ain't got no reet to chuck you loife a'ter bis'n." "Mr. Dawson is right, Dick," urged Harrison; " you can't do the poor fellow any good. Your nerves are shaken, and I am free to confess, ghost or no. ghost, to spend the night in that dismal house with a dead man is more than 1 should care about." Very unwillingly Forstor at last agreed i to yield. ' . , , , Three days later the local jury^ brought in a verdict 'or' of11 Died by the visitation of God," and onco again the spirit of Catherine Deveril bad triumphed and the homo of her ancestors stood empty. , . Five years had come and gone, bringing with them many changes. Dick Forster, now Bishop of Honduras, was doing good work for God and man in his far off colonial diocese. His place in Harrisons daily life had been filled by another mate of his schoolboy dayB, who was also shortly to become his brother-in-law. Jack Gham berlayne was a handsome, genial young fellow, blessed with a fine constitution, a sweet temper, and a very considerable for tune, and the match between his favorite sister and his special chum was a source of unmixed satisfaction to Gerald. The two men were constantly together until a matter of business obliged Harrison to visit the South of Europe. The transaction occupied him some months, and it was not till the end of December that he found himself once more on English soil. He reached Dover at noon on the last day of the year, and drove straight to Lord I Warden. A packet of letters was awaiting him. They had been forwarded from San Carremo after his departure, and among them was an envelope addressed in Chatn berlayne's characteristic, handwriting. " Dear old boy," ran the letter, " what do you mean by spending Christmas^ in a dirty Italian village, instead of returning to .the bosom of your family like a respectable Englishman ? I don't believe a word about the vineyards. TellVyour agent to go to the devil, and come to us for the new year, or neither Elaine nor I will have anything more to do with you. The Hunt ball is on | the 5th, the Oardwoll's on the following evening. On the 7th Mrs. Verelst is giving some theatricals in which we are going to distinguish ourselves, and there are three or four minor ovenfcs wliioh you ought not to miss. Also I want your valuable advice as to the wisdom of buying a place in Cream shire. I only heard of it last week and have already made up my mind to purchase, so your Coasel must tend in that, direction if you wish me to profit by it. It is a jolly old house, with capital stabling, and nice gardens. There is a ripping tennis-lawn (room for two courts, if I fill up a pond at the end), and a lot of old oak indoors. I forgot to say the house ia furnished. It is in the best pert of the Broadborough country, and within reach of the outside meets, of Lord Cremorne's and the Turton. Plenty of shooting and the whole thing going for a mere song. I believe there is even a family ghost thrown in. I am run ning down on Friday, for a weok to, see how I like it j but of course you will put up at my place as you come, through town whether I am there or not-" Harrison waited to hear no 'more. In a moment the letter was crushed into his pocket, and ho was out in the street, and, hurrying to the nearest telegraph office, without a second's delay he wrote the message and handed it to the Clerk " Chamberlayne, 112 Piccadilly.-On no account go to Ravenshill Hall till you have seen me. Shall be in town this afternoon and will explain.-GERALD." Then he hastened back to the hotel and ordered some luncheon. While he was eating he looked out. the trains for town. The next was due in twenty minutes. His portmanteaus had not been unstrapped. Harrison sent for a cab, paid his bill, and in less than an hour was well on his way to London. From the moment of reading Chamberlayne's description of his projected purchase, he had decided on the course he must pursue. Though the name of the place was not mentioned he knew, by a sudden swift intuition, that it was Ravens hill Hall. Back to his mind, wilh the froshness of yesterday, swept the memory of that terrible night five years ago, and he shuddered as he recalled the words of the ! old farmer, '.No man-be he young or old, good or evil, so that he does not bear the, name of Deverel-shall live to see the new year break within these walls. I will 'die on Devorel land, and he who braves my curse shall die even as.I have died." " Many, and many a 'good man lias met that death since." Was another victim destinecf to be added to the toll-call of that terrible vengeance, and that victim his old playmate, his friend, his almost brother? No, thank God; there was yet time to avert the stroke of fate. Jack must have received his wire by now. He would be waiting for tbo promised explanation. The slow hour wore on; tlio train rattled and ground its way through the wintry land scape. The sky was leaden and dull. On the horizon lay dense masses of clouds, black and heavy with snow. By the time they ran into Charing Cross, large flakes were floating lazily down to join their crushed and mud-stained oomrades on the dirty pavement. Evidently thero had been a considerable fall earlier in the day, for the roofs clown the Strand wore gleaming wliito, and great heaps of snow had been .scraped up from the roadway and piled "behind the pillars of the Btation gate, j Harrison got his luggage into a hansom j and drove straight to his friend's chambers. As he glanced up at the windows, it struck him *8 odd that no lights were to be seen. The housekeeper answered the ring-, " Oh, it is you, Mr. Harrison ? Very glad to see you back, sir. There ia a letter for yon upstairs and three telegrams. The first came on Wednesday, sir. The note Mr. Chamberlayne left for you; he expected I you would bo here on Wednesday." ( " Left for me," repeated Gerald, anxiously. He has not gone surely ? Did he not get my wire ?" . "I sent it on with the other letters this morning, sir. Mr. Chamberlayne has been gone a week-him and Mr. Curtis. He is staying at Creamshire, at Ravenshill Hall, Mallowby." , I Harrison's brain reeled. He saw it all now. That letter has been a week in travelling to Italy and back &gain; to England, He had cried, " Peace, peace," when there was no peace ; when all the time he was too late, and Jack had gone to that accursed house, and-this was New Year's Eve. "Fetch the letters, Mrs. Williams; or stay, I will get them myseif." He tore upstairs, two steps at a time, snatched the envelopes-from the mantel piece, and was back to the cab before the astonished housekeeper could utter a syllable. "King's Cross!" ho shouted to the driver, " and a double fare if I catch the 7.0 to the north. It is a mattor of life and death." " I'll do my best, sir," said the man, dubiously, " hut it's darned bad going." Never had the way seemed so long; never did time go faster and horse more slowly. To Harrison's overwrought fancy they crept along, and again and again he raised the trap and implored the man to whip up. The agony and anxiety in his white drawn face moved, the cabby's heart to pity, and he generously refrained from swearing at his impetuous Jare. . . . " A cove is that unreasonable when lie's m trouble," he growled to himself aloft. "Does'e want me to lei the mare'down and make sure oflosin' 'is blooming train?" At last they turned into the. JGuston Road. The snow was coming down in good earnest now; and Gerald could hardly see the hands of the clock for the blinding flakes. It wanted eight minutes to seven. " Thank God ( " he murmured, as the hansom turned into the line of the Great Northern. Before the man had time to pull up he was out on the ground. "Mallowby," lie called to the porter, " can I do it? " . , "Four minutes," was the response. Gerald flung half a sovereign to the milVQurushed into the booking-office. Thebell was ringing when he got on to the platform. The porter had put his port manteaus into a carriage and was holding open the door. He threw himself into a seat with a sense of gratitude that he was to have the compartment to himself. To maintain an appearance of indifferent calm at this moment would, he felt, have been impossible. He was enduring a martyrdom of suspense. If his friend's life had not already paid the forfeit for another s sin, every second that ticked its course was bringing him nearer to its end. JLie conjured up with horrible distinctness the dark library, the deep recesses on either side of the fire-place lined with books, the oak furniture. He could hear the weird murmur of voices, the ghostly steps on the fnve'' then the heavy velvet curtains trembled, parted, and a. woman's figure stood framed in the long window-a woman with dripping garments, and a set white lace lighted by strange lurid , eyes-eyes which were dead, and yet alive' in their nerce hatred and unquenchable thirst for revonge. > How they glittered! They were close-to him now, looking through the car riage window, and Harrison who had once laughed contemptuously at the mere notion ot sepernatural manifestations, was peril ously near raising a ghost lor himself from tlie_ intensity of his nervous excitement, fortunately at this juncture he remembered that Jack s letter and telegram were still unopened in his pocket, and the break in the sequence of thought gave him time to pull himself together. ' With a half laugh'at his own weakness j curtains across the window and, lighting a cigar, tore open the yellow envelopes. . J ; . *Tlnhr?° ^essa8es had been handed in at Mallowby Station, The first was dated December 29, and said : " Come down as soon as possible. Dull, and seedy. Want - cheering up. UHAMBEllkAYNE." ' . j v i h.wif * S6f% nei:vo"3'" herald said to himself, and did not like to acknowledge The second telegram was more urgent, and enclosed a reply form. " Must see you to-day. .Important. Wire what train. Don't fail me.-JACK." JSie t!1U'cd Wa^ ?igned ^ Ohamberlayno'8 valet. Something seriously wrong here. master "°m° ^ °UOe> VGry anxio«s about Harrison's face grow very grave. Some thing must indeed have been wrong before 'IPT'1110T Curtis would take upon himself to send a wire like that. His fears returned with renewed force. It was ff "ro to ^mk of Jaok sending message JtLlmBwS° °nIy t0 -niGGfc blank silence. There was a piteous reproach in the last appeal,." Don't fail.me." " As if I were likely to do that so long as *b°v? thought Gerald. ,old Jaok»110 have known I things." Ve an8WerGd if ra ever, got the At Peterborough he went to tho refresh ment-room and swallowed a sandwich and a few mouthfuls of soup while his' flask was replenished with brandy. Very few pas L°f!|0iT',0"'ieditIie train, and no one camo llarmTa .carnage. As the. hours j dragged ouf. (Ikmi- 'veary length he crew m0M. less-and nervous.S Ho paced the Lot of floor like a caged ilmS Af-?0 T,n tho window. A cloud of fino snow blow m through the opening. All around hedges, fields, and trees were wrapped in a dense white mantle. It was bitterly cold. Despite his fur lined coat, hot tie, and a couple of rugs, and a butfdle of. rags, his teeth were chattering, and his hands were like ice. Ho looked, at bis watch. It was half past nine. In thirty minutes the train was duo at Mallowby, and they had not passed Grantham yet. Surely, too, they wero slackening speed. Half doubting the evi dence of his own senses, ho again opened the window. The train was unmistakably at a standstill, but there was^not the slight est sign of a station, The wind had risen, and whistled through the telegraph-wires overhead. Between the gusts ho could hear the murmur of voices, ' Presently a man passed "along the footboard. It was the guard, Harrison enquired the cause of the delay. ' , r " Line blocked, I'm afraid, sir," was tho reply, " but I will let you know as I come back." With an exclamation,' which was almost a groan, Gerald flung himself back in his j seat. Wero the fates league against, him, ! that now, when every moment might seal Jack ChamberlayWs death-warrunt, he must perforce sit idle, bound hand and foot by the Victory of the forces of naturo over the inventions of man? Five minutes passed,' ten,''twenty, thirty., Then the guard put his head in at the door. "?All right, sir, line is clear; wo shall go on directly." At one minute past eleven the London train, more than an hour behind its time, set down a Bingle passohger at .Mallowby. Harrison at once addressed himself to the stationmaster, and inquired how he could get to the old Hall. Tho man had been on the coroner's jury five years before, and remembered his face. " Going to the Hall to-night, sir ? Why, were not you here when poor Mr, Granville was drowned ,?, ;You' don't' want to see it a second time,' surely ! " " God forbid! " answered Gerald, quickly, " but I want to prevent it. A dear friend of mine is at that devilish house to-night. He does not know his danger, and I mean to save him." " You can't do it," returned tho man, bluntly. . " Best keep clear of the black work that will be going forward up there. There is no baulking theDevorel curse. It will have its victim. God help him I say, and all those who sleep under that roof on New Year's Eve. You can do nothing for them." "I mean to try," answered Harrison, with set teeth. " I have no time to waste. Where can I get a trap ? " " Nowhere nearer than the village. It will take you as long as walking the whole way. The roads are awful." " Then I must walk'. Can you find me a lantern ? For Heaven's sake be quick. Every minute, may mean his life now. What do I care about the danger ? Man, I tell you he is my friend. He is to marry my sister in a fortnight, and I will either save him or die with him." The station master hesitated a moment. " Look here, sir," lie said, hurriedly, " you're a brave man, and I'll do what I can to help you. That was my, last train till 1.80. I'll como ivith you as' far as the gates. I will save you losing the way, and perhaps a bit of time getting through tho drifts beside." Gerald thanked him heartily, and side by side they turned their back6 to the lights of the little station, and struck into the lonely, road which lay between the railway and the haunted housd. It had ceased sriowing'now. I A few stars had gleamed out between. the rifts in the cloudy sky. From time to time 1 a pale moon showed her face, now flooding'' the white landscape with a cold grey light, now hiding herself in a veil of fleecy vapour, as though she feared to see those things which should be done on the earth. By the help of the stationmaster's lantern the two j men managed to kqep to the narrow cart j .track. The road was desperately bad. In places the snow was fully two feet deep. With the rising,moon a keen wind had got up, which came sweeping, over tho level I fiels right in their faces, and cut like a knife. At the turning into the village where the land sloped a little, the drifts were almost impassable. At'every step they sank above the knee. ' Harrison could hear his com panion's breath coming thick and short. He was evidently getting done. For him self ho was,, impervious to all outward discomfort. .Cold, fatigue, hunger ; he was vaguely conscious that he should know them all, if lie were not past fooling now. His whole mind, will, nerve, ayo, his very being, ' were centred in the one intense determina tion to save his friend. At length they gained the main street of the village. Here the snow was'trodden down, and, the, going cpmparatively easy. Hardly a light was to , be seen in any of the cottages. Involun: tarily Gerald's; eyes turned towards the rectory. It was wrapped in shadow and silence; but from the old grey tower, loom ing up behind, gleamed a small point of 1 yellow light. Slowly it crept from window ! to window, steadily rising, rising. A cold shudder ran through the man who watched it. He knew what it meant; thai the last sands were falling from the hour-glass of time; that the life of the old, year must now bo measured by minutes. The ringers were going up to tho belfry. - ] " Oh, God!" he groaned inwardly, " give I me strength, give me time." ".Have you got. a- drop of brandy about I you, sir ?" suggested'tho practical Miles. ' It would help to keep the spirit in us a bit. I Without slackening his pace, Gerald held out his flask. ' . 1 , " A'ter ypu, sir, a'ter you." I " I don't, want any, thanfcs." H is oars woro strained for tho first stroke of that1 ominous bell.; ? " Oh, come, now, sir, fair do's. You will nood your strohgth moro than mo, and I say a'ter. you." To save further discussion; Harrison put the glass to his Iip°. f'le spirit sont a warm glow through ) .>'?> ?:*ah, veins. At tho same momont r- ? i .*ss of the night was bioken by tho Buiuaiu wiling of tho passing boll.. With a cry of horror ho thrust tho brandy into his companion's hands, and I began to' run for his life Immediately I before him the road curved sharply to the left, and far ahead through the skeleton branches of the leafless elms gleamed half a dozen patches of light. They shone from tho windows of the Hall. Slowly, mournfully pealed tho notes from the belfry. The knell of the old I year, dying hard in the dull chill winter night; the knell of a human soul, who might even now be passing from life and love to tho horror of unknown darkness, through tho gate of a fearful death, luo thought was torture. How he lived tlnough those moments of suspense Harrison novel knew. He could not have told how he covered the ground, or when he passed tho gates which led up to the house. His biam turned like molten iron, on which the glow, monotonous clang of the bell fell like the strokes of a heavy hammer. He forgot tlio stationmaster, plodding along in tho rear. forgot everything but that his goal was reached, if only he had not come too late. The lower windows were closed, but from tho chinks in the shutters stole tho warm clow of fireyind lamp, and as he reached the corner of the house ho could catch the sound of approaching voices. Voices, yes 1-but what sort of voices ? Nearer they came, now swelling louder, now sinking to a whisper, butSdver drawing nearer, till he could hoar the words repeated in every shade of -tone, from malignant exultation to concentrated I possion of resolve. " We shall have him to night! they said, with ghastly reiteration. " We shall havo him to-night 1" . .« .. , ?> Like a v/avo of ice-cold air, tho horrible sounds passed by him, receded, and died away with an echo of fiendish laughter. Despite an inexpressible thrill of tear, that sent a shudder through bis. whole frame and nearly raised the hair on his head Harrison was conscious of a faint nope tnac all was not over yet. §lo\yly and mpre slowly came the tolling of the bell. It was on tho verge of midnight, Suddenly from within the closed windows of tho library issued a wild awful cry. The shutters were flung back, as if by magic the casement was thrown open, and the dark shadow of a man crossed tho sill. .... The moon emerging suddenly from behind a bank of clouds poured down a flood of silvery light on tho stone .wall, tho snow covered path, and on tho figure of Jack Ohamberlayne, who, with hands clenched as it in mortal pain, his eyes fixed with an expression of nameless horror, on some object, invisible to all bub him, was Blowly following tho ghostly vision along the drive, across tho lawn to-- , With a supreme effort Harrison threw oil tho paralysing numbness which was creeping over him. Instinctively ho dashed across the grass and stood between Ohamberlayne and the fatal pond. Twelve paces from him his friend was advancing, slowly, unswer vingly, like one who walks in his sleep. .; jack " he shouted, " Jack, it is I, Gorald. Don't you know the ?" There was not a quiver of the tense oye | balls, not a sign tbabliiB voice had leached those ears, deaf now to all earthly sounds, but from the open window of tho library a | man rushed towards them, crying wildly, " stop him, for God's &ako; stop him before it is too late." , Gathering all his strength, Gerald Hung [ himself upon the approaching figure, A frantic struggle ensued, for Ohamberlayne was the taller by a head, and was. at this moment, moreover, endowed with abnormal ! strength.-. It was then that his knowledge j of wrestling, acquired during a " long " long spent in tlio Cumberland dales, stood | Harrison in right good steud. Ho closed with his antagonist, and by a sudden dex terous manoeuvre threw him heavily to tho i ground, while overhead across tho snowy fields the bells rang out their joyons welcome of the glad new year. " Is he-dead ?" . ? t The valet on his knees beside his master's prostrate form had torn open Chamber layne's vest and shirt, and was feeling for the faint pulsation which tolls that tho spirit has not quitted its earthly tenement, " Fainted, I think ; I can feel his heart beat." " Thank God, sir, you camo when yon did. I should have been too late. Can you help mo to carry him, Mr. Harrison ? No, not to that d d place !" as Gorald glanced involuntarily towards the .lighted windows. .' They aro all up at tho gardener's cottage'. I wanted Mr. Ohamberlayne to sleep there to-night; but you know what ho is-told mo to go myself, if I was frightened. I had not been out of tho room live minutes whon I heard that awful ory, and-Holy Virgin What is that ?" Harrison turned instinctively towards the library window. From tho open sash a long tongue of yellow flame leaped out, curling round tho edge of tho curtain and licking up the thick silk cording as though it woro a mere' thread., Then anotlier, and another. Fanned by the fresh breeze from without, the yellow glare broadened' and deepened till the whole room was filled with a fierce larid glow, succeeded by dense clouds of smoke and an ominous crackling sound. " The place is on fire!" cried'.Gerald. There is not a moment to lose. Wo must got your mdstor into shelter and give tho alarm!" . - " Holy St. Patiick, defend us 1" mur mured Curtis, hastily crossing himself, as ho stooped to raise tho helpless form of poor Oharaberlayuo. Then, as best they could, tlio two mon carried their burden across the lawn, along tho drive, and up tho side path loading to tho fruit gardens. , " Who is in the house ?" gasped II avriton as, staggering and breathless, tlioy reaehod tho door of tho cottago. " Are any servants tlioro ?" " Not a soul. Mrs. Bamfiold came here in the day. Sho loft^ directly dinner was Tlioro is no ono in tho plane to burn but tho dovil's spawn as lightod it." Tho valot's reasonant knocks soon brought tho gardonor to to tho door, and wliilo his wifo was hoi ping Curtis to rostoro his master to 'consciousness, Bamfield hurried Gorald of to tho village to obtain asssistanco. Just outsido tho gatos tboy enconntorod ?tho stationmaster, who was hanging about in great distross of mind, too anxious on Harrison's account to return to Mallowby, vet not daring to adventure himself within the fatal precincts of the Hall. His relief and joy at finding Gerald still alive knew no 'bounds, and he readily undertook to see » messenger despatched for the nearest doctor on his way back to tho statiou. Meanwhile an alarm had been rawed,, and tho sleeping village was raised by the hoarse cries of "Fire!"- Tho ringers had been the first to see the red glares through tlio trees : but before long some forty men had turned out to join the little crowd already assembled before tho burning house. Under Harrison's direction a body of labourers, headed by tho gardener and bailiff, made an attempt to check thq progress of the flames. But their eftorts wove * scarcely perceptible. With a sharp wind blowing, and no better appliances to command than a line of buckets and a couple of garien-hoso, it was event from tho first that the Hall was practically doomed. The old oak; of which tho interior was chiefly built, burned like tinder. Within twenty minutes of the first outbreak the flames had Spread to tho upper story. Windo^ after window lent its aid to that weird' illumination. Tlip great carved bedsteads, tho massive presses and cabinots glowed and crackled in tho fierce heat. Doverel alter Dover el, olotliod in dainty satin or shining armour, shrivelled and cracked away from their frames, to go down calm and unflinching as beoamo true, knights and brave gentlewomen into that burning fiery furnace.: Still tho fire-fiend raged on, vast clouds of black smoke mingling with tho glare, while from time to time could bo heard the heavy crash of falling beams and flooring.' As the clock of tho old church chimed the first hour of the new year, with a sound like tho roll of distant artitlery, swelling gradually into a deafening roar, tho roof fell in and thoir shot up to liea von one mighty shoot of flame, which turned tho sky'inty a crimson pall,' and lighted up the snow- clad country for miles around. Was it a tick of over-heated heated imagination, a play of superstitious fancy, or did thoso who stood by at that i moment really hear that hideous peal of shrill triumphaut laughtor, which mado tho stoutest heart among them quail,-and forced each man to edge involuntarily nearer his neighbour ? It lasted but for one instant, then nothing was audible but the continuous roar of tho flames. Before tho pale dawn had warmed into tho red flush , of sunrise, Ilavenshill Hall was a heap of smouldering ashes enclosed in four grim, smoke blackened walls. From attic to cellar not a corner had been spared. Tho fire had done its work thoroughly, and of tho original Strueturo nothing- remained save the bare tottering shell. "It wer' th* Lord's will," said. old Dawson, who liar! coine down to inspectttlie scene of tho late catastrophe, " that Katha rine Doverel should hev herreets ; and now as He's proved as mon caan't go agin' Him, Ho's maado awa' wi' th' dommed ould plaace, an' a good riddance too.' Tlio Lord avenges tho widdor and tho feytherloss, though He keeps 'uu waitin' a bit first soom toimes,,and it seams to me," concluded tho tarmor, thoughtfully, " as scTom o' they poor bodies in Oireland should bo lievin' theer turn afore long." " It will be a bad look-out for the Land League when they, do," answered Harrison, with a quiet smile; _ Ho was a little oppressed by tho situation in which lie found himself ', for tho events of that New Year's Eve were the talk of tho country-side' and Gerald tho hero of the hour. A man who, single-handed, had braved the Doverill ghosts and.baulkod>thom of thoir; prey ranked, by, the . Mallowby standard, above Gordan, and only a littlo lower than Nelson. The worthy Miloa was ?never tired of recounting the incidents of that midnight'1" walk,"and drejv upon;-? his imagination for certain effectivo touches to that part of tho adventure to which ho had not boon an eye-witness. . :; Tho rustic mind is slow to reccivo a now impression ; but when it does get a sensation, it, makes tho most of it. - _The; people would listen to the,story twenty times a day. They repeated it to each otlior; turned it insido and out and discussed it threadbare, beginning it over again for tlio benefit of evory fresh comer. To G-orald, who was hoartily sick of tlio placd and tlio subjoct, this lionising was inexpressibly irritating, and ho was thankful whon tlio doctor at last . 'gavo permission for Ohamberlayn'o to bo romovod. i . Thatiks to his splondid constitution, backod up by the devoted nursing < of Ourtis and his friend Jack oscapod brain fever ; but, he had received a terrible shock, and his nerves woro sorely shaken. . It was not.until ' the suow-wreaths had molted on tlio Croam 'sliire Wolds, and crocusos' were showing tlieii,- gold and purplo, heads above the dark 1 earth in suburban gardens, that Harrison was called upon to officiate as best ,man at a very pretty wedding in a certain fashionable. ? church, after which ceromony Mr. and Mrs'.' Jack Oliamberlayne, went off- to, the Eiviera where-it was hopud that southern sunshine and a'littlo judicious excitement at Monte Carlo would offaco from tho; bridegroom's motn'ory tho cxporioncos of that torriblo Now Year's Evo. . 1 ' ? ' Of what he had actually soon dud heard in tho awful interval betwoon his servant's departure and his subsequent return to consoiousness' Ohamborlayno never spoaks. "I used to wonder," ho onco' said to Gerald, " why Lazarus and those 1 other follows who were, raised from , tho dead never told what they did. and how thby felt. I think I understand now. It was too torriblo. They could not put it into words, and that iS how I feel about that night-as if I had been brought back from the dead." . 