SUSPECTED ATTEMPT TO ROB A MINE. POSSIBLY THE RESULT OF IMAGINA TION. Parly on Sunday morning it is stated that some “ specimen experts”, visited the Duchess Tribute mine latest the value of the extra ordinarily rich spur recently found in Mills's fun' of country. The manager, says onr Eagiehawk fearing that ■ noo jrarrial visitors might wish to sample the spar, placed (wo watchmen on (he top of a ■ferjtaze at the intermediate’ level; so as to prevent access to tbo'lpjace. The men about ” crib” tithe on Saturday night, partook of thoir meal. Whilst oajmly- masticating their ' y bread and pullet,’” otoe of them dislodged a small stone, which foil down’ Iho winho; and it is alleged frightened some unauthorised visitors,; who speedily asked each .■ other, **■ What'is that?” Taking the hint, they like ghosts disappeared. Now,, the question is asked, Ifwatohmen are sent to a mine, why should they not bo more alert, and hot tbns wpr p the intruders? It is, however, a well known foot 7 that when air work is suspended in a mine the least noise is beard. If they wanted to take the 'names' of objectionable ■'vi«itefrs,-‘'wh)rfffid -"IKoy-" kdop quiet.arid with thoirbghts out, .lot thorn sample (he stCne, ahd (hen object, to them,': Carrying off the spoils, if tbat werolthoir mission? After the alleged flight‘the. men fon duty went to the sbaft to watch for the. intruders .coming lip the {adder wpy, butifthora' wore anyone else than;themselves abode it appears that' they bad a private exit place through boo of (he adjoining miucs/audlhat hurry they left a tin of salmon behind them. - The unnecessary stir caused by ja.section of the press haok the chanceotoatohing tile wonld-bo pilforcrs, supposing tharo wore any. Had no noise boon.' mtwo, about it out- a kept, the men might .possibly be pounced.! on ton - their .making another attempt They would under the nirdnmstdhooS' above ‘ narrated have' been emboldondd to attempt, and then'With lost Sunday experiences at (be mine they would havobaq little chance Of escaping. Although np ono was soon the directors believe that there were trespassers, la the mine at the tirabinamodi . Nov^rtholess te watchmen may: have, been mistaken, i'ore Ore wejrd, unearthly sounds inlan idle ine whioh are net dhe to the' 1 presence of human agency.; Minors/ especially those who have worked in the old mines at home, know that at' bight ' and. during the ; week’s end, when ( a mine’is idle, that strange sounds are board which are never notiood when tho men are at work, ' This is . really occasioned by a foot said to bo well known. to .old miners*, that at night when a mine .is idle, thorp ore more powerful.earth tremors, and from oven bard pars of;rook great Junks are pooled, off and fall to Ibo flobr. ; The lonely watchers, at * the Duchess Tribute . mine : may have' hoard some of these uncanny noisesr.* or they may havo heard the footsteps of.,,gppmos and .psbgobl|ns |n which superstitious minors,- a snsration or two ago, used to believe. 