/ HUMOUR BLINDNESS. s¿ By XIX., in the Sydney Morning Herald. Macaulay, when contrasting the delicate irony of Addison with the trenchant sarcasm of Swift and the apish mockery of Voltaire, compares it to that exquisito perception of the ludicrous which Sonnie Jenyns oddly imagines to constitute a portion of the happiness of Seraphim and just men made perfect. We sincerely hope in tho interest of many otherwise estimable individuals, that an exquisite perception of the ludicrous may not form an indis- pensable qualification for entrance into the realms of bliss, or they will have to absent them from felicity awhile, if not altogether. For it is painfully apparent that if they incontinently graduated as archangels in their un generate state they would find them- selves in the wrong paradise. When ambrosial laughter rippled from celestial lips they would maintain a bovine solemnity of countenance, and sit un- responsive to thc choicest witticism that set Olympian tables on a roar. They would soon beg to be transferred to some more congenial sphere, some Unibus factuorum, or paradise of fools, where portentous gravity prevails, and humour is unknown ; for nothing is more painful to the feelings than to sit amid inextinguishable laughter uncon- scious of the cause. Nor would tho individuals absolutely destitute oî a sense of humour are found in all classes, but are most common nmong ecclesias- tics, schoolboys, and cows. It was an Irish bishop, who said, after perusing "Gulliver's Travels," that the book was full of improbable lies, and for his part he hardly believed a word of it. Dean Merivale in his " Roman Trium- virates," describing the execution of the Cutilinarian conspirators, at which the Consul Cicero was present, gravely says :-" Lentulus was strangled first, and Ccthegus, Gabinius, Satilius, and Ceparius, all men of renown, suffered successively. The Consul attended to j the last. We presume the worthy Dean means that Cicero waited till all was over, but anyone with the faintest per- ception of the ludicrous would perceive that it may read as a delicate euphem- ism for expressing' that Cicero himself gave the coup de grade to the last con- spirator. In the " Sixth Aeneid " Virgil de- scribes the descent of Aeneas to the under-world in quest of his dead father Anclases. There he encounters the grisly boatman Charon, who ferries the ghosts across the Stygian pool ti their eternal resting place on the other shore. Charon, he says, is fearsome and filthy, with a long matted beard, fiery eyes, and a squalid gaberdine, knotted from the shoulder. The grim repulsive shape at first bars Aeneas'6 approach, but being appeased at the sight of the golden branch which the Sibyl pro- duces túmida ex ira lum corda resi- dual, his swelling wrath subsides. In his prose translation of this phrase the late Professor Conington, with strange blindness to the ludicrous possibilities of the expression, rendered it "The angry swell subsides." It reminds one of Macaulay's much-parodied phrase " the long stern swell " in his " Lays of Ancient Home." But of all unconscious humourists perhaps your average schoolboy is the most delicious. If not witty himself he is nt least the cause of wit in others. Like little Jack Horner he sists in his corner with a piece of " unseen transla- tion " before him, blandly murdering thc classics. But sometimes he puts in his thumb and, with delightful uncon- sciousness, brings out a veritable plum of subtle flavour that really deserves to be preserved. Many such plums have been already crystallised in periodical literature, but the following are abso- lutely fresh, and, what is more, abso- lutely true-the genuine product of a school examination, and r.ot the manu- factured article of the modern journa Cicero, speaking of the miseries of despotism, takes the tyrant Dionysius os au example, who, though, as we are told, fondly attached to his wife, Thebe, never dared to visit her except with a strong bodyguard. The Latin runs : " Qui, ut scriptum, legimus, guutn uxorem Theben admodum diligeret," which, being interpreted literally, means " who, as we read written, though he dearly loved his wife Thebe." But this was far too simple, too rudimentary for the ingenious schoolboy, He would have something more recondite, more suggestive. Accordingly, this is the rendering he evolved after much labo- rious cogitation :-" Who, having picked his wife, Thebe, as we choose a manu- script." A comparison of this with the Latin will show how ingeniously the words have been perverted. Most of the words might' conceivably bear the meaning assigned to them, but the net result is one of the most charming instances of unconscious humour if we consider the ideas connoted. Dionysius picked his wife as wc choose a manu- script. What a vast field is opened for the imagination. How do we choose a manuscript 1 What are the qualities in an antique manuscript that would most strongly recommend it to the enthu- siastic collector ? Surely it must be old, very old ; and parchment, yellow, wizened, and-. But we will not dilute. Any one whose sense of humour is not atrophied can see the boundless possibilities suggested. The same sagacious youth, on another occisión, sat painfully pondering the Latin line that tells how Envy battens upon the living, but leaves the dead at rest-¡mxcitnr in vivis livor post fata quiescit ; and this is the form in which, after mature reflection, the meaning shaped itself to his unimaginative mind, " in life the liver lives, after death it is nt rest." It is evident he would be hopelessly disqualified as an archangel ; he had no exquisite perception of the ludicrous. He saw no humorous sugges- tion in the thought of the liver living making its existence painfully apparent lortals regret their absence. list. I-during the lifetime of the sufferer, b there being hope beyond the gnu Tiiere the liver ceases from troublin there the bilious are at rest. This translation had at least son meaning, not exactly the same as tl Latin original, but a distinct meanin of its own, conveying some definite ide to the mind. But what idea thc luci loss wight had who perpetrated til following piece of unconscious humou scarcely even an archangel, or the spir of a just man made perfect, could tel The line he was called upon to traduc (as the old phrase aptly expresses il was the verse of Ovid, where the pom speaking of the effects of time, say that Time develops the grain c coi n into the white ear, " J'empu et in canas semen producit ariutas" n thought obvious enough, one voul have imagined, to the crassest mind But whether his unangelic intelligenc was bemused with perplexed fancie about vivisection, or the transfusion o blood, or whether, like the burlcsquei Senior Classic, he translated what wa set before him, and let the sense tnk care of itself, lie gravely alleged this a one of the triumphs of Time :-" Timi (quoth he) instils marrow into exhaustei dogs." Why Time should be so benefi cent to dogs mure than to any othe beast of the field, why the dogs shouh be exhausted, how the marrow could bi instilled, and what useful end it woul< subserve if it were instilled-all thesi obstinate questionings troubled not hi peace. Some of our greatest writers haw been singularly deficient in u sense o: humour. Milton himself, wno was si free with the archangels in his lifetime will scarcely find himself on sud familiar terms hereafter, if un exquisite perception of the ludicrous is to qualify for their society. SainUbury speaks o! the profound lack of humour displayed by his pamphlets. "Others," he says " have been as scurrilous, as libellous as unfair ; others have prostituted literary genius to the composition ol paid lampoons ; but some at least oi them have been saved by the all-saving sense of humour. As anyone who re members the dreadful passage about thc guns in "Paradise Lost" must Irnow, the book of humour was to Milton s sealed book. He lias flashes of wit, though not many ; his indignation ol itself sometimes makes him really sar caslic ; but humorous lie is never." Such a sentence as this, taken af random from Milton's pamphlet or " The Reason of Church Government,' goes far to justify this drastic criticism, .' So that prelaty, if she will seek tc close up divisions in thc Church, musf be forced to dissolve and unmake lier own pyramidal figure, which she affirms to be of such uniting power, when as, indeed, it is the most dividing and schismatical form that geometricians know of, and must be fain to inglobe oi incube herself among the Presbyters, which she, hating to do, sends her haughty prelates from all parts with their forked mitres-the badge ol schism, or the stamp of his cloven foot whom they serve, I think-who, accord- ing to their hierarchies acuminating still higher and higher in a cone of prelaty, instead of healing up the gashes of the Church, as it happens in such pointed bodies meeting, fail to gore one another with their sharp spires for upper place and precedence, till the Council itself prove the greatest schism of all." Yes, we fear Milton must be placed a little lower than the angels. One of Boswell's most admirable qualifications for a biographer was that lie was absolutely devoid of any sense of the humorous. He cheerfully submits himself as a laughing-stock on every possible occasion if he cnn thereby educe some ponderous erudition or provoke some crushing rejoinder from his revered master, and as cheerfully chronicles, with the most sublime uncon- sciousness, his own humiliation. This peculiarity was amusingly ridiculed in a parody which appeared soon after the publication of his great biography called " A Lesson in Biography, or How to write the Life of One's Friend : an extract from the Life of Dr. Pozz, in 10 volumes folio, written by James Bozz, Esq., who flourished with him near SO years." The following extract will give a good idea of the whole skit :-" I mentioned a tradesman who had lately set up his coach. Pozz : < He is right, sir; a man who would go on swim- mingly cannot get too soon off his legs. That man keeps his coach. Kow, sir, it coach is better than a chaise, sir ; it is better than a chariot.' Bozz : ' Why, sir?' Pozz: 'Sir, it would hold inore.' I begged he would repeat this, that I might remember it, and lie complied with great good humour. ' Dr. Pozz,' said I, 'you ought to keep a coach.' Pozz : ' Yes, sir, I ought." Bozz : ' But you do not, and that has often surprised me.' Pozz : ' Surprised you ! There, sir, is another prejudice of absurdity. Sir, you ought to be sur- prised at nothing. A man that has lived half your days ought to be above all surprise. Sir, it is a rule with me never to be surprised. It is mere ignorance ; you cannot guess why I do not keep a coach, and you are sur- prised. Now, sir, if you did know you would not be surprised.' I said ten- derly, ' I hope, my dear sir, you will let me know before I leave town.' Pozz : ' Yes, sir, you shall know now. You shall not go to Mr. Wilkins, and to Mr. Jenkins, und to Mr. Stubbs, and say, ' Why does not Pozz keep a coach ?' I will tell you myself. Sir, I can't afford it.' We talked this day on a variety of topics, but I find very few memorandums in my journal. On small beer lie said it was a flatulent liquor. He disapproved of those who deny the utility of absolute power, and seemed to be offended with a friend of ours who would always have his eggs poached. Sign-posts, he observed, had degenerated within his memory ; and he particularly found fault with the moral of the ' Beggar's Opera,1 I en- deavoured to defend a work which had afforded me so much pleasure, but could not master that strength of mind wi which be argued ; and it was wi great satisfaction he communicated me afterwards a method of curing cor; [by applying a piece of oiled silk. ] the early history of the world he pi ferred Sir Isaac Newton's chronology but, as they gave employment to usef artisans, he did not dislike the lar( buckles then coming into use." Another of our great poets will ce tainly have lost his place in the celestii hierarchy if the portals of Olympus ai barred to the humour-bliod. Word worth fell an easy victim to tho uatii of "English Bards and Scotch Ri viewers "-" The simple Wordswortl framer of a lay as soft us evening in hi favourite May." Tims, » lion he Idlii thc tole of Het ty Poy, The ¡dint mother of " an idiot hoy :" A moonstruck silly lari, who lost his way, And. like hi* hard, confounded night with dny : Sa close on each pathetic uart he dwella, And each adventure so sublimely tells, That »ll who view thc "Idiot In hi« glory," Conceive the hard the hero of thc story. Some of Wordsworth's best work i marred by the failure to perceive th ludicrous side nf things. In his famou " Ode to a Skylark " he introduces tb extraordinary expression " drunkei lark !" just us, in another place h informs the nightingale that it surely i " a creature of ebullient heart." H begins a sonnet, imposingly entitled " To a Friend, composed near Calais, oi the road leading to Ardres, 7th August 1802," with the poetic exclamatioi "Jones!" Another ode commence with un apostroplre :-" Spade, witl which Wilkinson hath tilled the land ! Thc sonnet on the "Inside of King' College Chapel, Cambridge," opens witl the suggestive phrase, " What awfu perspective ! " And surely a very com monplace and prosaic operation is nug gested by tho following metaphor fron Dion : Your minister would brush away The spot« that to my son) adhere ; . Dut should she labour nicht and day' They will not, cannot, disappear I For the poem entitled " Goody Blaki and Harry Gill" we have the followinj grotesque exordium : Oh! What'» the matter? What's the matter ! What )Vt that iilsyoiinp; Harry Olli ? That evermore his teeth they chatter, Chotter. chatter, chatter still ! Of waistcoats Harry has no lack. Good duffle urey, and flannel fine ; He hos a blanket on his hack, And ooats enough to smother nine. A very slight acquaintance with English literature is enough to show that some of the finest writing in om language will bc ns unintelligible os th< writing on the wall to those who hav< no sense of humour. Some of the mosl delicate touches in Addison will pas! entirely unobserved, such, for instance as that speech of the Tory foxhuntei where he declares that he and his fathei have always been for passive obedience and shall be always for opposing a prince who makes use of ministers that are ol another opinion. And again, when he said-"Our wooden walls are out security, and we may bid defiance to thc whole world, especially if they should atUck us when the militia is out." Thc very quintessence of humour is concen trated in a single word in Addison's essay on the " Fine Lady's Journal.11 The week days fill more. than a page «ach with such momentous entries as this:-"Friday.-Eight in the morning : Abed ; read over all Mr. Froth's letters. Ten o'clock : Staid within all day ; not at home. From 10 to 12 : In conference with my mantuarnaker ; sorted a suit oi ribbons ; broke my blue china cup. From 12 to 1 : Shut myself up in my chamber, practised Lady Betty Modely's skuttle. One in the afternoon : Called for my flowered handkerchief. Worked half a violet leaf in it ; eyes ached and head out of order. Threw by my work and read over the remaining part of the Aurengzebe. From 3 to 4 : Dined. From 4 to 12: Changed my mind, dressed, went abroad, and played at crimp till midnight. Found Mrs. Spitely at home. Conversation : Mrs. Brilliant's necklace, false stones. Old Lady Loveday going to be married to u young fellow that is not worth a groat. Miss Prue gone into the country. Tom Townley hos red hair. Mern.;. Mrs. Spitely whispered in roy ear that she had something to tell me about Mr. Froth. I am sure it is not true. Between 12 and 1 : ' Dreamed that Mr. Froth lay at my feet, and called me Indumora.'" After several days, full of such interest- ing details as these, we come to Sunday, when wo find the following entry: " Sunday : Indisposed." Swift is a good test for humour-blindness. Any reader who has reason to suppose that he suffers from this defect may try his powers on " Gulliver's Travels," and if he fail to appreciate, the humour of that great satire he may conclude that his case is hopeless. For Swift's humour, great as it is, is more elementary than Addi- son's. Swift was so grimly in earnest that he could not afford to be subtle and allusive like Addison. His object was not to play, but to wound. Hence he is always direct, straight- forward, audacious. Take, for instance such a passage as this, where Gulliver defends himself for not having informed the Secretary of State of the discovery of thc Houyhnhnms that they might be annexed to the British possessions. He has enlarged upon the atrocities per- petrated by the pioneers of civilisation on the helpless natives, when, with the same apparent seriousness, without the slightest change of tone or manner, he continues :-"But this description, I confess, doth by no means affect the British nation, who may be an example to the whole world for their wisdom, care and justice in planting colonies ; their liberal endowments for the ad- vancement of religion and learning, their choice- of devout and able pastors to propagate Christianity, their caution in stocking their provinces with people of sober lives and conversations, from this the mother kingdom ; their strict regard to the distribution of justice, in supplying the Civil administration through all their colonies with officers of the greatest ability, utter strangers to corruption, and, to crown all, by sending thu most vigilnnt and virtuous, governors, who have no other, views, .jthru, the happiness of the popple pver whom they preside, and the honour of «he king theirraas^r." Poor Defoe fell a victim to the buraour-blind'ness of the English people, and though Pope was not quite correct in saying, "Earless on high stood unabashed Defoe," yet he had to stand three times in the pillory, and pay a. fine of 200 marks, for his famous pamphlet, " The Shortest Way with the Dissenters. He meant it to bc a satire on the intolerance of the Tory party, and ironically proposed that " whoever was found at a conventicle should be banished the nation and the preacher be hanged ;" but, unfortunately, he pre- sumed upon the humorous perception of the British public, and was taken in earnest. One delighted ecclesiastic wrote to his bookseller,-"I received yours, and with it that pamphlet which makes so much noise, called 'The Shortest Way with the Dissenters,' for which I thank you. I join with that author in all he says, and have such a value for the book that, next to the Holy Bible and Sacred Comments, I take it for the most valuable piece I have. I pray God put it into' her Majesty's heart to put what is there proposed in execution." 