The Storyteller. .WITHOUT AND WITHIN' i CHAPTER XXXVI. i; THE TRUTH AT LAST* .; [s (Continued.) I ;i ? Ai the angels in h'eafen do over, ? sinner, i'thit r^peDteth,1 said 'she, with the same ! miztnre of mirth and eerioutneis, wbich, 1 -na*e learned, she n§esiriMinctiveIy as'a mask ? to her deeper feelings. ' Perhaps yon'll never I know, till yon get there, how much you havo had to do with it. Sunday school teachings 'ranetitnes rebound from the cbildren and bit .the parents. Seeing Gordon and Effie fo (earnestly troMing and tombling heavenward t under your a;uidanre, I could not help asking ?myself whither my own ways tended. Yon ,,rxjay be aure that it has taken some of toe \ conceit out of me, to find that what I did so unwillingly, as a great favor to .you, and a .'wonderfalconHeBcenHion'lo the Sunday school -Lcauae in Shilob, tarns out to have been, ? humanly speaking, the salvation of my k=ehildren and myself. To be sure. I was a , church membor before, and active enough, jn !i church work, alter my fasbioo ; bat I suspect ] I had as little of the Christian spirit as any 'Hottentot.' j I was dumb. Never did I feel so humbled. It was so plain to me that it was mot ' I,' 'weakly and wearily oscillating between Bona aid Mala, but the grace of God, that had done it ! Mrs. Danforth had been very far from aay tbongbts in my Sunday school work. || She wiped her eyes, and recurred to tbe : preceding topic '. '1 suppose I must go and call on Pearl,' ?aid she, ? though sbe doesn't deserve it, To (think that the little minx should have gone straight .past my. door with you, and not have ' stopped I not even long enough for that ,sorely-tried busbaad of hers to come* tip. But it is just like her 1 I.jknow she enjoyed iTerVudden, single handed descent upon those [t8tartled Bryers.a great deal better, than, any mor'e commonplace introduction, she 'fairly luxuriated in that absurd scene. Well, I ,w,i)l go and Bee her this eveninir,. and tell, her ! of her gootlidrtunp, if stfeu it is to belcalled. I'' Next morning, Mrs. Danforth knooked 'st 1 the open door of the oat-room, where Rath ;Jand I were seated at the piano. ; t 'I thought I would just step in and tell |3you tbat I found only aa empty nest,1 as we ?shook bands. ' The bird is flown.' '{ 'What— who 1' I asked, bewildered. . )r, ' Who ? Pesrl— Daiiy— Mrs. Frederick '(Thome. I have just come from the Br'yers' ; 'l did not go up there, jost nig^ht, .1 had a i;kick headache. Meanwhile, Carrie bad made wick a statement of facts, as you requested her to do. He imparted tbem to his wife. 4Eba name of Chester Danforth made tho l:wTo1e thing clear to Pearl's very qnick'com prehension.; Finale: she ;and Eiek started nor New Orleans at six o'clock this morning. JBom-watMjj[e\' .- „ .. ' OHiPTER XXXVII. r the summer's tvohk. The summer is last gliding bj— a summer '=-reonie pleaaure, of more. labor, of maltiply ng interests, of mupb that dbb left a rich :aresidbdm of experience in the depths of my 1'ieart. It has made life's purpose and I. lignifiottnce clearer to me. It has taught me f ;hat, ai our nature is constituted, and under ':ts present conditions, we aro made more com :ented, as well as wiser, by a duo admixture 1 Sf sorrow and disaiipoiiunient in our. earthly i'iup. Tbe life. that is rightly lived, grows |!,ioher by its losBses and gladder through its ''.ears. Not only knowledge,' but joy, ' by 1 suffering eatereth.' So long as we make earthly \- happiness an eud, and seek it directly, we ;\re certain to miss it, and to, bo continually ^hilled and soared and disappointed thereby ; ,c)ut as soon as we make up our .minds, to 'do 1 'Without it, and put submission, usefulness, Sa earnest striving after holiness, in its , Slace, we are apt to find it quietfy waiting -?ipon them, as their humble handmaiden. a ; '' So much of truth has the summer brought i! io me in its gliding by. Let ua see What it ,:Sas brought to others; for it has suffered Vione of tbe . peraons . left . behind by these jibrouicles to stand quite still. .., ?9 Alice Presoott took to the stndy of /^talian as a bird to the air. So far, the ''wet's dower is hers — she has the gift of ''fondues. „, . I 'I Moreover, the readings ' long ago in augurated have been quietly edncating her , site, and deepening her 'thought. For her ''lake, I have made frequent selections !:'rom the poets, and accompanied, the leading 'thereof with copious commentary,' .Analysis, and criticism. I left these to do i'ibeir silent work. That they did it, I knew 'i^»ell, not only by Ireqnently surprising Alioe 1 'With a pencil and a scrap of paper in her ii'iands, and the pleasant trouble of poeiio 1 'ravail in her laoe ; but by seeing the same 1 Scraps thrust silently and despondently into vj;h.», kitchen fire. It was long ere I put' forth' ,j.k hand to save one of these from doom. i 'I hope I have your permission to read f jjhis V said I, when I had done ao. | i,^ 'Jl it. were worth, reading -I would Wave orought it to jou .unasked. Do not mortify: , ne bj looking at it ! 1 ' Vh -' i latel7 written ?' , , , , ? , ?'-? ? ;,.( 'Ob, no, I wrote it more than a fortnight fYgO.' ....?.: . . ' 'I , 'Did it dot seem worth reading to you, ,jjbsn7' ? . ri.;.. ,. fitJ '. A,h .! xes—revery thing does, at first. i.But ;:,n a few days all the ,fl«vour; all tbe lite, have |jr-one out of it. It is wishy-washy, and sickens 1,, m j It is cold and dead, and. chills me j I '.%st«n to put it out of mjr sight.' (|.'That is to, say that . the. inevitable foment of doubt, discouragement, and ^'jlisgust, which ootues to ovary worker , !|'or art, be it a painter, sculptor, or poet, I'^iomes also to you., , It |moj be that it is ,: .he moment wherein bis late- standard, j'jirell-Digu reached, begins to' inonnt higher; /,t may be the one which first reveals )'j:o bim that the fairest, subtlest graces ol his Spiritual ideal are not to be embodied in : ^Olor. marble, or rhythm. Still, that mo ;!,(nent of disgust is not tbe timo to fudge ^^irlj of the work done. Leave tbe decision l so me whether this deserves the flames, or i'jO.' . . ... , ..-...:.. . ? ^ ' Mot that,' she exclaimed, hurriedly ; ' let n'^e bring yoa shmetbing I wrote this :|jaurning.' _ ? , ? ? :'* 'Which has 'nbT yet lost' its flavor ? _ . No, h';hana you. My. praise,' if I have any to j /.jive, will seem fearfully cold to that birth- : ;l-»rm effusiori, .while 'my criticism will not . ^iurt ibis one ooaily so tuueb.' 1 'Her reloclance contioued, anJ seemed so dispjorjortioiiatejo the occasion, -that^JL. was. first' puzzled,' then Calf- vexed. Seeing that, she yielded at once, and sat .'with a downcast face and deeply-anffuBed cheeks, awaiting the result. Of eonrxe, I expected to'see 'Lines to'— ~ something— summer, autumn, a cat^ a flower/ on the death' of a friend, or' jome' 'one* of tlie backneyed themes of youthTul rhymers. What I actually saw, therefore; astonished me not a little. The verses had no title, and they ran thus : : ?? ' I have locked my : heartland I 'give yon the key; , ., ? '.. ????/. Throw it, I pray you, into the sea, It's of no use to you, and etill less to me. , 'None shall. como after you into that door — None after you, and yoa enter no more !— Let the dust gather on ceiling and floor. : , ; ' Let the dim ghost of our dead love all night ? Stalk through the empty rooms, bare of delight, ' Smell the brown roSes that ohoe were so white. ' Let it count over, 'mid silence and dearth, _ Hopes that once laughed in the glow on the Jiearth, r^. ^— r .??-—». j—~, v-y-T''y*l*ir' Snows that have ohilled both the flame and the mirth. ... 'Then, when the dawn o'er the hilltops doth ,..,peop, (?;..?„ ,.,,., ,; j .-, . . ,. ; Back to its grave lot it silently creep— . ^ .- , Grave that the slow years dig ever more deep !' [To be continued.] 