BRITISH AND FOREIGN. One ot the Ingest barber ibops In New York now employB girl barbers cxchisiTe]? . Forty-seven years ago the patent for the first practical sewing machine was issued to Eltas Howe. It will be a year bsfore power on a very large scale can be furnished by the Niagara Fall, tnntipl Ihe Queen Begent oi Spain Is exceedingly fond ol bathing in the ocean. Spanish papers refer to her as the best woman Bwitnmer in Spain. An extraordinary number of sales of farming stock were advertised to take place in Essex at Michaelmas laat, in consequence of tbe increased distress among agricul turists. It to reported from the World's Fair that in making the awards in the art section Alma ladema was the only artist on whose work tbe jury voted an award unanimously. The Argentine Government bas under consideration a scheme for coloniBlng Terra del Fuego. It will offer special advantages to settlers there, and will create a free port in tho islands. Hmo. Schlleman, according to a promise made to her late husband, is continuing tbe excavations at Troy, which made his name famous, and personally superintends much of the work. Probably the most remarkable knife in the world is that in the curiosity room of the factory of Joseph Bodgers and Son, in Bheffield. It has 18D0 blades, and ten blades are added every ten years. A scientist, who has investigated the matter, states that the men who are em ployed in the Paris sewerB are as healthy as the avsrsge person, asd bo other SOD men m nu ciiy are so iree trom symotic diseases. In Germany, when the vote of the jury stands six against six the prisoner i acquitted. A vote of seven against fire Jeares the decision to the Court, and in a vote of sight against four the prisoner is convicted. Duke Alfred has come into *16,000, which was discovered in one ot the castles of his predecessor, the late Duke of Ooborg. lie elght.year-old King of Spain ii no longer regarded as a child. In future he is to occupy bis own apartments in the palaces, and will have a household cf his own. The King of Old Calabar, a colored youth, has arrived in England to get a little school ing. A statue ot General Gordon has boen nn. veiled at Gravesend, where ho resided for six years. U is of terra-cotta, the General being represented as holding in his hand the cane which the Chinese soldiers called his ' wand of victory.' ..» Cheltenham lady hu prostrated to the Church Ennday-Khool Institute a pair of spectacle, whioh belonpd to Bobert JWk' Tbe Dairy Show at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, was a sneseu in point of the quality and quantity of cattle, A champion price for Jersey cattle was awarded to a lady at Great Mlssenden, Bucks. There was a good show of goats. Butter-making competitions were a feature of the show. The Colchester oyster feast was attended by 400 guests, including the Bake cf Cam bridge and the Lord Mayor of London. Nearly 12,000 oysters were consamed. A memorial of Father Damien, erected by the Leprosy Fond raised in this country, has been unveiled in the island of Molokai, the sceme of hia labors. A boy aged Ii has just bsen landed at Hull, who was the only living person f oud at sea on a sinking smack. The vessel had been ia collision, and the tut was infored. On recovering consoionaneu he found him self alone, and the Teasel sinking. For two days he worked at the pumps, and was at length pieked up by a pasting vessel. A hundred tombs ham been laid ban in tbe isle of Salamis, which date back hun dreds of years before Christ, the oity on which they stood being referred -to by A steam whaler pasted last winter In the Polar lee, and, aided by an open sea, worked her way this summer ln pursuit cf whales to within 6' (414 miles) of the Pole, the most northerly point man has yet reaohed* Had he been provided with dogs and a sledge the captiin would have made an effort to reach the Pole. No fewer than three expeditions are on their way to the Pole. Lieutenant Peary is accompanied by his wife, and she will remain at a lonely campin Greenland, accompanied by her maid, while the party make their explorations! Carrier pigeons will, it is expected, conver messages to her fiom the party. A large field of Hunnlsh graves has been discovered in Hungary. Among the better clats horses were buried with tbeir owners. The skeletons were adorned with massive gold earrings and other trinkets. Safety pins were worn, and in one grave there waa a allvcr pencil case. Implement, of war were ounea witn ine men, and Koman coins of the fourth century were in the hands of each skeleton. Monday. October 9, was Chicago Day at the World's Fair, ana 750,000 persons entered the eates. Several lives were lost yett.k^o''tneQdho;Bp0iffimd Pe-X»''-d * hafiuiftmce'.ebOr.^enrSIcrnte'nSybt-re h cr^onor' °* ™1*tiTe' bcl°* P™'' to do A widow at Chichester hu been keerjinz her 102nd blrtbdiy. ««piug The servants and ? visiton at Hampton Court Pslaoe Btill insist that ' ghosts 'of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Henry Vlll.'s wives, haint the rooms A night watebman in the grounds is said to have been so alarmed at the sight rf an apparition that he has resigned his post The Duke of Sutherland is being ureed hv the County Council to re-op-n the* goklfield . on hiB Scotch estate ij order to rive remunerative employment. The goldfields have been closed for years, but it is thought that they would prove productive it the latest machinery were used On the Highland railway the other day ana ' i co1n0'™' *'» °»M°«t Ministeri, famllf« Sh W,lth their «'P«UTe train 'MnJ-olass passengers ^n one The leading tradesmen ot Southampton have passed a resolution recording ffi abolished °lri«tinas.boxes stoald £ swimmer sued her employers «t tho W.V.. Show for «M forwron0u?dimiiLir«Si recovered that amount. For the defence it iS th' *° P^tiff^wi. the jrrave of Edward Klsgerald ooetind translator ot the work, of Omar 'rSfy%»Z a Persian chronicler of the lltli MntU^ Seeds for the tree, were pE?. I frenXuK growing near the tomb ot Khayyam £ me ponce in Aberdeen have bronebi . °^e°f «'lt7 «R.inrt two™e«SI the ground that recently, at the opening of a A West-end medical man performed m 