.eru4g$,?a D' V*iY 1~'iIDAli-fOBiN(iO. " EXCELBIOR.' t. FH DAY. MAY:' 2m,-}1893. 'As thequostaon f o g ipg the, to?, i; of Alexandra, with, water is .now, onus:fair way to a tettlementj-it- may a ot of Placet'g p" " •ain" dis buse thbeminds of all ratep yers residiig outsie ithe township 'boundry is to eir liaIility tfor onoei otoingei= ay.4,ithi regard. ecthey.?B oh cys.t e?so.,gel ch+me, ortq th salbequeiit Mtirl fot.,isnatn+i' ance and other purpoaes. As we* have be sanctionod by he Water Supply D - phairlen, and, thereYefno monrewill be sanctioned to payrn.o $shei .wor"k,: of c iostru ifoby i tibJityia tg istýie, the finsrciail soundness of the scheme;. thai tb say, that no Ihed 'Can be ffee?tef which tile township ople are unable t4#phyfor. "Whoe n " i a ?'cton was rais dd to the carrytog,~ out: oftitbe Mansfield sohemne. two6bftthe'vMalesfteld ehire,coucillors forwarded a petition to the Minister of,thqe A lepartnent,, signed. by 24i0 !tepayers, prote~ting ' gaist' the formaintion of 'the 'I'uhit, ; he "gro~: i of objection being that inilthbi etentfbf the townspeople being unable.to pay in teest rdi the lon qi'hn burden would fall on outside, ratepayers who; received! hoe benefit from the :supply. Two bflicers. of-the dopartment were sent up ~f .ii vesilgate matters, aPid Mr Burns report q. "that thd i a fo grtuhd of oppbsition lids in a misundergtaidindg 'of. tha: Wite; Supply Act, as the outlying_ ratepayers ,eeyejed.to believe that should the reve nue of the proposed water supply area not poet ttlio iitftest'?:Elbadt'apid for the wioull be called upon-to--make up the deficiency." ~fri'iruith, the second od·the oflicers, after referring to. the a. tion of the two co uj~llors "mentioned nhd the petitioners' requcet, said: "Ars however, no loan can" beo advanced until the ..financiall, oundness e of the schemo is. establihicd,? the opposition-- which, as M? r Burns states, is entirely attributabibl to a misunderatandiny of the Act-heed ibot nonr bh direp~ssed." The quotations gizven i ere h,.ve been 'kindly supplied to uPnly Mr A; * ?;Ki.n non, and are from iop;jl ori ofiOcial re poert taken by rei Prc:.t froam tlhe risflnfld Courier. Surely it is not ne o ce?pAry to argue this mitater further. The niatter.of supplying the town with rater is one for the. townspeople alone toiconsider, and it can in no way affect outsiders except in improving the pre, tige of the district. No one outside the township area can b?ealledlupon to con. scheme, an tt;ia eig Se , the questi on, atwe heave said, is .ns. thalst foes not ataiissid@ 1 itep yes onp..,iiota, a'L is:'o objection.- - .- - . - C . qgardt therTt. tb.se'ral: shemese for iup lying the tosuse ip; it- is to be reir+ttad that then population' cannot .vsil.tl emselves ofti ?e' water.from ~jis ac reekl, the ' , tof ;t hi, ischeme provmg to be more ueensive than can J fJ ,And the unieme ay le', said, o ie 4bicon. t ers that after all we a'?li have to fall ?ack on the. G(oul burn '-nt its higily satisfactory .to k q ; t ;in. sa ig the r(yer. .w:ater bme Xroe bore, the ,Itlyrrale iiridge s??shall heve.a. commodity. only. ailf?tly inferior in qalit y ti thel waters ot--tlie thl iaga?a and Rtuucon. The Goi.t m schemd, 'is nut. a costty oline, and'.the only objection to it is the. can timual.r??penditp?Q that nillt have to be incuiret in 'iiutping operations, ]t is a sslterpe: wiitd the residents ofi the townslil will.beoable to.pay for, and the rating 'for which; the residents of the towieshi `will tie i"iW able to pay for, rfad the ating.for 'whioh willbe com parative ?...ap1l ..~The.anrveys .qL;,tho, ,v rI chemes have been done at a coat well wit in the sum ,asked by thel Presi- dept fro -the' Oqnncil,- ad; ,.Vthiplý ppmn will be' renunded in the event of the Trust being fo ?ied ~. iw. 'eope. owtt :these matters tae betlled he Presidenit will, push forivard the work of supplying, thde todif with the good. wat`r of ?t the Goul '1iii: '" thus pl "e Alexandra on an. 4equalJfobting th other town.. liiaJ THs resplt "of the analysis.of the samples l wter taken from thie Niagara creek, -i o a'd ouibJrn rierots aud 'the tank at s 4exsit iiBttr; 'a4tory, bashbb6n furnished by theoDalf6imen?i'of Victorias Water..tupply to t i9: .hir CouncilJ It will be remembered that syntr months ago, at the request of l' ie'Pr iebt o thb shire, the 'depart mi~"et.t . at o.ff19r ,.to Alexandra, to toko t?e sarmples above ;eferred to, and )tindly cbisented to analyse same with otiLScostto the:' Obiliuil.,?IAnd. in ivief ci:of-tlie-oposed spply-off water to the .tovlnshiq this preparatory 'tep ,was ne cessd4, land will enable the:Couniitiil te more' ai..todeteriine_npona practi:+ cable s emse. Befuioe .co-symenting on telatt,,er, ~ lLgvYe ?rleAiitedrs' the more liheant. points o. the snalysis, whi h is a lentfgtgi'llrtothe »aiutiit ad,. p t d dfires worked' , o6tu in d'imals. Our oft-i'epetted' as: sertion thlat the liiigar creek wate is tiet piareal. 554;ii stt e'3 eºili e.ia fully boroo outnbitgh or.,e t t in purity conts Thd' teulburh:te,' aii k on nearly e eperwaw wit tho lattgr js the !ater itom thg -Rubicon.,UAlV three waters a squi tllept in quslity, and. there is little to influencechoice in .fivor of one or th l. water i seds at t tBnutter Fac iss condemned, and stated to be. nntifor. domestir aseti It? cantaina from 8. to Artimes.more solids than do the oths?.waters : and wherei's the latter contain no carbonate of lime, or hardness, the factory water ranges biom 1?82 to 186 in hiardness, while, of chlorine the latter contains 1.45, the Rubicon and 'N igara; 46 nd the Gfoull burn 65. In else percentage of gases stssolve tigreater disproportlon is shown, to the detriment of-the factory is, Pti sidetr P e fTr. tfhe moment thi rcspecti?e?4liities of the waters for oi~r'~ship uage b0 aialysis is important in that it: opea.iji1 the jqueti'oi of the fitness or otherwise .of the .water used at the factory for butter-makihg pur poses. In M~f.Wakenshaw wehao ad mittedly a bttor-maker ho -may hlaveo his equnals, budt who has no superior in the colony, and may not the fact of our butter hmvirigbisight inferior prices in the London maket have some connec*. tion with Mr Wnakenshaw having to use water largely impregnated w.ith mna'g nesia, .olids, and. unwlolesome gases in the manufactsuro! his butter? If eo, it is unfair to 1fr Waklenshaw and those assisting him, nid it is detrimental alike to shareholders; i}ip,,liurs, and the inter est of the whole district. In this matter !onoe the Presidna'sn action in obtuining theo analysis should prove of great valuo to the dairying industry of this shire, which shotiId ,dt+ he allowed to suffer through the usascof bad water (supposing thbe factory n?ar be bad for butter making) when good water may be ob tamined in any quantity. At all events the subject is one that should engage the early attention of the directors of tle factory. I is tobse regrete that the .lateSoligi ItQr-GQensl ttl_sltoidiave lok.lais a ead over the Mercantile r Bank :prysecotins Shet?'dr SBri ra?hi OIe'o ngileg shlh: nmade a1 mistake or not in not continuing the jroecution of Siir Mattheo Davies and MB Millidge is not. for us to say. The Attorney -Geeral had all thie facts boeforoe hii whereoni to baiie his 'decidlod, aid believing in the integrity of't1e',oi' getitenuan we bow to his deci lon "°that" there, was not suflicient eli.encoto war rant hire in sending the cases oefore a jury,; and the country will cadrese, this riew ihiinst ' ,fth i. a, tirn of a certain seotioin n. the uetrooliwaan press. MAir Isaacs hbas ·'asudealy .;isen .to ijultioal fam~e,?nd if we mistake not i he will? a? suddenly disappear as,a politician. • He appearas~o have made up his mind.on the Mercantile cases without having: digested the evidence, and to have given way to publio dclamour.' Out of'a :bench'.of twelve miagistiates, headed by one of the cleverest and sternest of our stipendiaries, who for upwards. of 30 days were aen gaged iii hearing the evidence, eleveri .were in, favor of an acquittal of the ! whole o4 thbedefendant, sand utie for the .conminita for trial of 3fr Matthew Da . vies andsM ll- MiI e.,' jacked u,,p ,y the opinion of these eleven gentlemen, and alt r a full, and' oreful review ,of the depo sitions bir :flyan has ;thought. fit t6 distounaenance any further waste , o?,pubhilic money; by refusiiing :b .ihojih' the verdict of one iman' out 6f twelver "r It is o be deplored that the g"eat aener gies.bf the ;lates. SoliitorrtieePs t :were', not turned more to the fiuancdal prob 6'lo? safý cing the itebility st iid col' than to such a quibble as to tlhe .reslta? tive povets possessed by, hims lf au4 the Attorney-Geerial. 'To usat appears absanri that two officers of the Crown c-an b co-ordinate power as to acting, the part of a grand jury ;but''tcounti' residents it is a :,still :greater .absurdity 'that theactdiops pf a .overnmnent whljn they beihove are doing their vety best to drig the colony 'out of,. its present str niseeypad degrelatiiorishi bhle be bhaipered by a member who, as iapp peris to us, is striving to attaiji .pjialar ity by a more play ,pon"wroris` arislng out of a ?eadingof'asection of an1ct of Parlia. ",4nt .The MelUtourne correspondent of the Ararst BAdvertiaer says ;-' It,,is, simply. nselesla fr the banks to blame the dfposi tore for bringing them down. 'The truth 'of' the ' whole 'nttr .lies 'in .' thils' Tihe :shiehbblders found, that the ,banksewere lookiig'i p their assets to such an, extent that tllhe could noebe .oopsldered ,sound, and, so bommen'dd'to n knok ddw a tied 'sharee,.a i lds? epoitori s'eeing' the ishae' hI!oldsejlý'questioninj),byin:heir• bids 'in' this open zi ket, the value of their own pro 'erty'tdok alarm and began to. recall their '6pitpl,d and as soon as. a light pressure was put upon them, and It has. beeri' fter, al very. little, the banks were beaten and ,sueuutb6d in detail,' because their' coln reserves Were utterly inadeiuate forseafe financing. Fanny a bank like the 'Victo ria hiaving 'to close its doors because there :;wiiskigruia'.ipon it of one hundred thous and a day. for three days.' Why it is tenough tb make the'ghost of Money Miller ascend into the banking chamber'and bang the countrer. Hie, at least, would not have doni biieinese that way.'. Of course, the present time is one of panic, but to my thinlrid~g t is one of most justifiable panic, aiad hal arisen not from' the scare of de positors, but becidaeethe positioi 'of the banks had become unsafe. And the proof that my view is correct is that they are even n9ow procuring three- quarters of a million of gold from England to strengthen coin reserves. Of course, the balanco sheet looks all right, the naets compare favourably with liabilities, there hao been ample profit acorned and fair rearvea maintained. B3ut what is the uoo of ascat being valuable if you can't realieo on them 7 In that sentence, I believe, is the secret of tile cause of the run." Owing· to the Alexandra HIospitl Com mittee having altered the date of tbheir social evening, the Spring Crenlek cricketere have decided to postpone their ball adver tised to beheld thiso evening to this day weok. A notification to th abovo ofoct will bo found in our colnmnas. Amongast the tiannsfera of station materos in the Railway department offocted laet week we notice the namo of Mi J. H. Jones, ofAleoandra road station, who bte been removed to Digger'n Ro?t. The Sharehohlders' Prayer (according to Punch).-Givo us this year our nannual dividendo, and forgiveo u our call. L-ead us not into roconstrction, but delwver ta from liquidation, for' over and evero Amen. Mr Hall will ce in Aloexandra to-day, and may bo consulcted at the Coiner hotel from 2.30 to 8 p.m... There appears to be a nicettle crop of litigation growing up in the Merton dis trict just now-the village coqmmon being the lituil,us breeding ground. Lately the managers prooereded against air Bird for trespass, and were non-.uited. Now he is bringing a sihilar netiod against one of the managers and his sons for trespass. The Yea CGurt was crowdedj on Tuesday with a number of strang faces, and Miesr Giles and Graham appear liely t,. har a good timne of it if the 4terton folk do not learn t little wisdon li' the 'diean time. ,'r . . -. Mr IH. W. Alason has been appointed ,bAllifl of the Yea County Court, vice Mr T. F.'Robe rdecesied - i' The Melbourne, correspondent of the Ovens 'nd , Murray Advertiser says: "'Strangsi as it may asem,-and:while I" do not personally vouch for the statement, 1: e i n s ext i? suc, exOIlent ,atho,it* ty t ii would he posiively sinfl, to, be incredu-. Ious. Sir Mattlhew H. Davies, while, still under presetihtllonbefore the nmagistrates for those little transaotions in c:ouneution wtl ,jlse eroesn,-qa~apsabsolant..ly- u. ployed thlrou'aihctiit solcitors by three of the 'uspended banks to draw up their terms of reconstruction You see, it was considered that In banikngh i had so mnch experience." The football match, Alexandra v. Sey mour,'which was, played at Seymour on SBaturday last, resulted In an easy win for Alexandra by 7 goals to 3. To.morrow they will play Thornton, on tlse Rubicon hotel opubdad. The team, whrloh leaves Alexedra at one o'clock sharp, will be chosen from the following :-Ainsworth, Asquith,; Bailey, Croughey, Giles, Hub bard, KelrahiniKellock, Lee, Lloyd, Long, Lynch, Mbli i.s M'kioeol, Peck;; Ranoe,' Sampson; Waym'outlh, Knight, Orr, Cook. eop, and Vining. The socialaheld lI' the Shlire Hall on Wednesday evening was one of the great eat successes achieved in matters of the ,aind held in Alexandra.. There was an attendance, including.the orchestra and other musioians, of about 180 persons, and the gaiety of the company would lead an outslder t,e beliere that such words as de pretilon, suspension, sad reconstruction were unknown and had no meaning In the Alexandra distritot. ;Thesupper table was ,updoutgttdly the best cold collatioan thas has ever been put ona i.ublio table in this snhire. The suces 'of the :`oolal, we should tljink, would certainly induce tle comnaittetw to organise ,at: least, a. couple more such prior to the end of the winter season, Such an evening's entettainment for the price given .could scarcely,: if at all, be obtained elsewhere. aptaiin Nethercate; Adjutant of the Victorian Mounted Rifles, attended the parades of the Gobur .and Alexandra de tialiauents on Wednesday and Friday of aast week respectively; " Tihepratdes were ordered for battle firing practice, -and, as .was the c.ae throughout the company the menibers made much betterehootlb/than 'was the case at the inspection recently .held at IYea. 'The 'Goliiir `letachment lheada the snore' wth an average of over 9 polnts,/Yea,!Mansnfeldi ird &Alexandra; bbr taiding slightly over 8 points Queen's Birthday passed offveraya uietly in Alexandra, and had it not been for the soial in the evening, i there woalidd have heen no Observance of any.kind....: " A meeting of the local shareholders of the U.T.tolaim will be held on Monday evening at the Shamrock Hotel, to con esider the 'adviseabiityoft re:eommennciog operatlonb at the claim. It seems a pity to abandon the'oundertaking after so much work having been done. It is believed that with twenty *feet more sinking the bottom would be reached, when, judging from dish prospects already obtained, payable gold will be found. "Have you paid your rates 7" Is a -question that concerns the' ratepayers n , .the present moment. The Rate . Collctor is now prepared to receive all moneys due, and which, if ndt-pnid by tlie 10th, prox., will place delinquents within the ,N mean ing of the law." 