OUT AND ABOUT. By Demos. We are forging ahead in Kempsey — we have actually rose a real ghost. Of course previously there have been " things seen " at Frenchman's bridge, and in tbe Euroka scrub, but scoffers set these down to the agency of fire flies, and somehow or other the un earthly visitants were never reckoned of much account. But now we have a respectable ghost, and so the mouths of the unbelievers are effectively closed. This is how the story ruus : An elderly lady was walking from West to East Kempsey a few nights ago, when she was much disturbed by seeing just opposite Messrs. Dangar and Watt's sawmill, a tremendously big dog, ' 4 the size of a calf," trotting along the main road just ahead of her. When she stopped her unwelcome companion also halted ; when she went on, her canine pioneer did the same. At last she turned back ; the gigantic dog followed her example. The woman was now thoroughly frightened and rushed into the first house she caine to. The people on heariiig her story ran out to see the uncanny animal when, lo, and behold, it had disappeared. Seriously speaking, does it not seem almost incredible that in this so-called enlightened age there are people in this district who believe this dog to be a " ghost," and are actually now afraid to pass along the road after dark. U The suspension of a bank is by no matter of means a laughing matter, but still for all that there were some comical incidents connected with the little trouble of the E. S. & A. C. on Thursday last. A few excited old ladies imagined that the other banks were going " bung," and one elderly female especially seemed hugely sur prised when she was promptly paid 400 golden sovereigns on demand at the Commercial. She put the coins into her hand-bag somewhat after the fashion of eggs and walked up and down Smith-street, apparently much pleased with herself and advising her acquaintances to follow her example. " I have got them all here," she used to say, opening the satchel time after time, and displaying the glittering gold. It was well that there were no pick-pockets or swell mobsmen about or else the lady might be now regret ting the loss of her money. Another individual while getting some change at a store positively refused to accept the notes of any bank — he must have gold, and gold he got. A smart man might have made money on Thursday morning by buying up E. S. & A. C. notes for say 18s each. One person rushed into the West Kempsey bank with a large number of its notes and said "How much will you give me for these ?" It is almost needless to say that he was relieved when lie learned that each was worth exactly one sovereign. 