TWO. [BY ETTA W. PIERCE.] PART II. Then, as I stood cold and quaking before him, and Gabrielle sobbed, and the frightful sounds from the house rolled out upon us, he seemed in an instant to com- prehend all. « Stay here," he said, shortly ; " I will go in to him." He waved me back as I started to follow. "Oh, Doctor Lawrence,", I cried, he is quite delirious ; he will do you harm." "No, he will not," he answered, and crossed the garden beds with a cool swift step, and went up to the kitchen door, where a figure with torn grey hair and livid grey face stood glaring out at him with a butcher knife in one hand and a broken chair in the other. I saw Doctor Lawrence go straight up to this woeful shape, lay quiet hold on it and the ugly brandished knife, and disappear with both into the house. Immediately after, the cries and the curses died away. I left Gabrielle at the gate, and went to look for the horse and waggon father had driven from Danbury. I found the poor reeking brute browsing in the orchard, led him away to his stall, took off his harness, and hung it on its peg, set a measure of oats before him, and then went and crouched down in the great barn door, and cried bitterly. The crisis I had long dreaded had come at last. Father or lover ? I must choose between them now-which should it be The moon rose above the dark orchard trees. The hoarse bass of the frogs rolled up from the swamp. The rank odours of the crisp green clematis, creeping along the tumble down well, come in damp whiffs through the door. Suddenly a man's shadow fell across me as I sat. I dashed the wet from my lashes. " Robin," I quavered. "No," answered the grave voice of Doctor Lawrence, "it is I. And he stepped out where the moonlight could fall upon him. "I came to stable the horse for you, but I see that I am too late. -Ga in now, Miss Kerr ; you have nothing more to fear ; I have given him a person, and he is sleeping." I rose up. "Where is your lover P" said the doctor, sharply ; " where is Bobin Kane ? Does he often leave you alone in such straits as this ?" I felt myself colouring hotly under his stern searching eyes. " Robin could do no good here," I said with all the dignity I could command. " The sight of him drives father will they do not like each other." '"Humph !" answered Doctor Lawrence, and then he walked with me out of the yard ; along the orchard wall to the house, whistling to his own horse on the way. The brute came directly out of a roadside thicket, and followed him like a dog. " Ge in and rest, Miss Kerr, said he to me, peremptorily. *. I do not see how you are to manage your school, and all the rest ; a mere child like you. Is there anything under heaven that I can do for you?" The owner of the mills in the valley, the autocrat of the town, it was not to be supposed that he should know the school meant bread for myself, and Gabrielle, and poor father. I only answered, " Nothing thank you. I am eighteen, and stronger than I seem. Many thanks Doctor Lawrence, and goodnight." " Good night," he growled, and opened the gate for me, and lifted his hat as no- body ever did to " old summer Kerr's girl." in Gabrielle sat moping among the debris of the kitchen, like another Cinderella, bather was sleeping in the bedroom hard by. I found a whole chair, and drew it up to the embers on the hearth, shivering with the cold, although it was a summer night. Gabrielle then brought out our frugal supper, and we ate it there in silence, she transferring all the jelly in the cup to her own slice of bread, and all the cream of the can to her own tumbler of milk ; but I was used to Gabrieile's ways. "What will you do, Marcia?" she began, sulkily, turning her red-brown curls over her charming hand. " What will you do marry Robin, and leave me here with father alone? With all my good looks, I have no lovers." " No," I answered, " I shall not leave you. " Oh !" she cried, setting her teeth vin- dictively, " if you do if you do, Marcia, I will kill myself. I will never, never be left to drag out an old maid's life with father, while you are happy with Robin. I am prettier than you, and yet nobody > loves me-nobody looks at me when you are by I might break my heart I am breaking it now, yet nobody sees or cares to She burst into a passion of tears. I looked at her in amazement, and just then the kitchen door opened, and Robin himself walked in. He wore a sheepish look, which set badly upon him. Gabrielle bounced up from her chair. "Of course, I am in the way," she said, spitefully. " I am always in the way, Lovers are supremely selfish they are for nothing but themselves. I will go to bed." " No need to hurry," replied Robin ; "Marcia and I have no secrets from you." She tossed her rich reddish curls, and gave him a long look. " Two, company; three, none !" she answered, and went out, banging the door after her. Robin drew near to me, and took the chair she had vacated. " forgive me, Marcia," he began, his sheepish air deepening, " for leaving you as I did to-night. I was grieved, angry. Indeed, you try me surely." I sat staring past him at the candlelight that flickered along the bare kitchen wall. I could not answer. Come," he coaxed, " confess that what you said out at the gate was all a jest. I am weary of waiting ; I am weary of seeing you fritter away your youth and strength here. You know how long I have loved you. Tell me, Marcia, when will you marry me ?" I tried to speak more than once before the words would come. " Robin, they depend upon me utterly, entirely-father and Gabrielle. The farm has quite slipped away from as this past year-house, land, all. We have nothing left but my school." He gnawed his lip and sulked. " If you loved me, Marcia, you would think only of me. Gabrielle, as I said before, will not long back for a home. As for your father, send himself" "To the almshouse, Robin ?" He winced, but did not answer. " Bobin, it is useless for us to talk of marriage now," I said " we must wait." " Wait," he fired ; " wait for Gabrielle to marry, and your father to drink himself to death? The! fire is asking too much, even of rae, Marcia. I will have the first place in your heart, or none at all." He rose and strode about the hearth, glowing at me the while. He was very angry. " Choose between us, one e and for all !" he cried, " choose now." I sat with my hands locked about my knees, and my face turned from him, still watching the candle light upon the wall. " Robin !" I gasped-" oh, Robin, must choose ?" " You must you shall !" he answered, savagely. I rose up and faced him. " Then God help me, Bobin, it must be them, not you." He did not speak for a little space. Then his voice was so strange and cold that I hardly knew it. "Very well', Marcia, I hope you will not repent your choice. Your heart is better than your head. I will leave you to consider the matter for a few days you may perhaps think better of it." With that he turned sharply round, took up his hat, and went out without another word. I sat a while, shivering miserably over the dead fire, then locked the door after him, and stole upstairs, with my dying candle, to Gabrielle. She was kneeling by the window, all in the dark, her loose hair streaming over her white nightgown, her face flattened to the dingy pane, gaz- ing down the Danbury road, whither Robin had just vanished. " Ugh !" she said, starting at the sight of me. " You look like a ghost, Marcia, So you and Bobin have quarreled f" "Don't talk, I answered " don't ! Let's get to bed, please-I ara tired." She looked at me keenly by the candle- light. Her own face WPS flashed, and there were traces of tears on is " You are not suited to Bobin," she said " nor he to you, Marcia. You two will never get on well together." Sick and sore at heart; I crawled into our little bed, and lay down with my face to the wall. All night long I lay there, listening to the strokes of the kitchen clock, and watching the fantastic shadow of the apple tree cast by the moonlight on the ceiling. Never in my life had I known such an interminable night. With the first glimmer of dawn I arose and dressed, left Gabrielle still sleeping, and went down to build the kitchen fire. While doing this father came tottering out of the bedroom, and fell down on the settle near me, a pitiful, palsied heap. " Marcia, my girl," he began, weeping weak, maudlin tears, " I'm breaking your heart I know it; but I'll do better after this- will my beauty. sure as you're born. I know all about Bob Kane's plots to rob me of you, I've no liking for Bob. Let him take Gabrielle, if he wants a wife. He boasts how he'll cut her adrift when he's married ye turn me out on the town, and the like of' that. Marcia, my little Marcia, don't ye leave the miserable old man yet for Bob Kane-don't ye!" He clung to my dress with his worn, knotted hands-peered up with his nagged grey face into mine. " No, father, I shall not leave you," I answered, and stooped and kissed his grey hair, and then went to the open door and looked off on the blithe morning fields all of sunshine and order, and the singing of birds, seeing nothing but my own life stretching out before me, blank, terrible, stripped of all that made it worth the having. It was a Sabbath. Gabrielle and walked to church together. In the pew before us sat Robin, very cool and unconscious. My heart beat so loudly at sight of him that it seemed as if he must hear it, and turn and look. But he did not. All through the service he sat there, bolt upright, head and shoulders turned squarely away from me. Only on our homeward way he joined us for a little space. talking mostly to Gabrielle, but hardly deigning a glance at me. I grew tired of this at last, and fell behind them, and they went on alone, while I stood, in the garish noon, looking after them, my heart like a lump of lead in my bosom, my hands unconsciously tearing thorny wild roses from the wayside thickets. Suddenly a roan horse, with a hide like satin, came thundering by, and the rider turned sharply in his saddle and looked back. His eyes swept the pair before me, then rested fixedly on my forlorn and lonely figure those dark, stern, far-see- ing eyes. In absolute pain I shrank away from them into the prickly rose bushes, and he bowed quickly and dashed on. " How haggard and worn he looks !" said the voice of Gabrielle, there in the road before me. " He's been out all night, most likely, among his fever patients," answered Bob- in. " Half the mill hands are down with the typhus, and the doctor is devoted to his people." " But what dreadful eyes he has ! He looked as if he would eat you, Robin." , " Did he ?" laughed Robin. " I didn't notice." And then they turned a bend in the road and disappeared together. As I was passing a squalid black house down by the river, Doctor Lawrence came out of the low door, and, leading his horse by the bridle, joined me. " Who is sick here ?" I asked. " Not the Bourke children P" " Yes ; both down with the fever," he answered. " You will find your school somewhat diminished in numbers to-morrow." " The disease is spreading, then ?" I asked, listlessly. "Rapidly. There are ten new cases this morning in the upper districts. I sent, yesterday, across the river to Bradford for nurses and another physician, but the enemy is there also. No aid from that quarter. I must push on alone. Would to God it would rain !" I saw, as Gabrielle had said, that he was worn and haggard. Those stricken swarms of men and women, who received their bread from his hands, seemed very near to his heart. At the next door he left me, and I hurried home alone. As soon as the twilight began to gather I went out to the gate to wait for Bobin. He must-he would come, I thought, if only for a moment only to tell me that I was still dear to him. The stars shot out of the violet gloom overhead, the lonesome night wind sighed through the apple trees, the whip-poor-will chanted in the swamp, and hour after hour passed, yet the dreary Danbury road mocked my eyes with, its emptiness. He did not come ! he did not come I sank down in the grass at last, my muslin dress all wet and limp and tried to think tried to pray tried to calculate how long I could endure such bitterness as this. How cruel he was He meant to break my will, if my heart broke with it-he meant that I should suffer. I dragged myself in to Gabrielle at last, and passed another sleepless night, listen- ing to the wail of the wind in the chimney and watching the shadows of the orchard trees on the wall. Misery exhausts both body and soul. The next morning I arose fagged and weary beyond expression, to a week's routine in the red school-house at the cross roads. Fever had begun its work there, sure enough. More than one empty seat stared at me from the old room, more than one little face I missed from the broken classes. It was a broiling day-a brazen, terrible day. The sky was cloudless, and white with heat. Every whiff of air was like the blast from a furnace. Piti- lessly the sun poured down on the parched, sweltering, fever-stricken town. At four o'clock I locked the school- house door, saw the little flock scatter across the fields, and went home to find Gabrielle, in a rosy pink dress, with a ribbon in her curls, sitting in the porch chatting with Hoban, who had just stopped at the gate. I knew how jaded and pale and miserable I looked as I went up to them. I knew only too well the contrast I presented to Gabrielle. " You look frightfully worn out," said Hobin, sullenly. " It has been wearing day," I answered " Where is father, Ellie P" " Crooning in the kitchen," she yawned " which is quite as bad, I'm sure, as tippling at the tavern. It's plain his mind is going. Marcia, that Burke woman down by the river has just been here for you. The children are failing fast they want you down there to-night." I left the two talking in the porch, and went in to father. When Robin was gone, Gabrielle followed me, flushed, smiling, lovely as a rose, and laid the cloth for tea. After the meal, I put on my hat, and started for the Burke. " That low woman !" cried Gabrielle. " How dare you trust yourself in such a place, Marcia ? Then, there's the fever besides. You ought not to go." "Those children want me, that's enough," I said. " Well," she grumbled, Robin might have waited and walked with you." " He had other business, I suppose." " So it seems. What a Darby and Joan you will make by-and-by, to be I sure !" I was not long in making my way to the low black house by the river. It stood in the very shadow of the swarming factory. The spot was dreary, fetid, and unwholesome. There was but one room on the ground floor, and there the children lay, and there the wretched, shameful mother sat over them, unkempt, ragged, reeking with the foul odour of gin, and the smells of the factory. She turned her bloodshotten eyes as I entered, and rose at once from the bed. " You're the schoolmates ?" she asked, bobbing me a courtesy. " Franky's been taking on all day for me, so I made bold to go up to the farm an' ask them to send ye down." She retreated before me into a corner, and crouched down there in a heap, draw- ing her struggling, tar black hair about her face. I took her place on the edge of the, bed, and raised Franky's fevered little head on my arm.. He lifted his beautiful violet eyes and smiled fondly in my face. Cranky and I were good friends always. by his side lay the little girl, in a stupor. " Kiss me, Miss Kerr !" begged Frankly. I kissed him. " Now lift me, please. I can't breathe. What's that light on the wall? is in sunset ?" " Y es," I said, and raised him, so that he could look through the window at the low crimson, west. He nestled his little pinched face against my neck. "What shall I do for you, dear Frank, I whispered. "Hold me like this," he whispered back, smiling, " and tell me a little story, please-such as you tell us at school." I held him against my shoulder, with his face to the window, and, as the light retreated from the wall, and the grim twilight fell, and the wash of the black river grew louder outside, told over to him that marvellous story of the shepherd who died for his sheep. The room grew dark, and the woman in the corner rose to light a candle. As its first gleam struck across the little sufferer's face, I saw, and she saw that an awful change was dawning on it. A scream broke from the woman's lips. "Say a prayer, miss!" she groaned. "For the love of God, say a prayer; he's going! Don't look at me! I never prayed in all my life, and I'm too wicked to begin now; the Christ you've been talking of wouldn't hear the like of me to "Do not believe that," I answered. "As for Franky, he has no need of prayers, I think; but he and I know a little one to repeat together." I fell on my knees by the miserable bed, and the child, with failing breath, said over with me " Our Father," just as we had said it scores of times at school. When I looked up again, Doctor Lawrence was standing at the foot of the bed, dark, tall, still as a statute, his head bowed on his breast. " Let me take the boy," he whispered. " He is too heavy for you." But Franky clung fast, and would not be removed. A great silence fell in the room. The dusty moths brushed about the candle, the wash of the river rose monotonously outside. Presently the little girl began to choke and moan, and Doctor Lawrence lifted her in his arms, and walked with her about the wretched place, holding the little form on his broad breast as tenderly as a mother holds her babe. Then, for the last time, Franky spoke. " Sing !" he pleaded. I could not. I looked across at the doctor. The next moment one of Clement Marot's old hymns broke grandly through the room. His voice was a perfect tenor, rich, cultivated, full of pathos. I had never in my life heard anything so beautiful. He sang the noble old psalm quite through; and, when the room was still again, the little girl lay dead in his arms, and on my shoulders Franky's solemn eyes had closed, never to open more. As I went out into the night, Doctor Lawrence followed me. "Wait!" he said. "I shall take you home." And he detached my veil from my hat, and tied it about my throat, gathered my icy hands into his and chased them smartly, then lifted me bodily into his buggy, which stood waiting at the door, gathered up the reins, and drove away. Not a word was spoken during that homeward ride. There was something in his manner so odd and constrained that I might have wondered at it, had not been altogether too dizzy and sick. He drove at a furious rate along the still, moonlit road, as if anxious to be rid of me as soon as possible. As we stopped at the gate, my head was in a whirl. I could not see his outstretched hand and slipping from the step of the buggy I must have fallen, had he not caught me suddenly on his arm. He caught me in a fierce, overmastering way, and held me strained for one breathless instant against his breast. His dark, bearded face bent over mine. In my bewildered state, I thought I must be dreaming. " My God !" he groaned, through his clenched teeth. They have all conspired to kill you ! And I-I-" He tore the gate open, and, without finishing his sentence, thrust me through it, away from him. "Go and rest," he said, in a stifled voice, then leaped into the buggy and drove away. Two or three days passed. One afternoon, as I locked the schoolroom door, and turned to go home across the fields, Robin stepped out of the shadow of the chestnut trees and joined me. he walked on in silence for a space, my heart as useless and cold as a stone ; then he stopped suddenly, and transfixed me with his eyes. " Marcia," he began, " have you recon- sidered the question of marriage between us?" I shook my head. How the whirr of the noisy locusts in the grass pierced my shrinking ears ! How arid and dreary the dry, rusty landscape looked. " You give me up, then ?" cried Robin, through his teeth. " Yes. I answered, mechanically, and drew off his ring. (To be concluded on Saturday.) 