MATRIMONIAL MISHAPS. NEIGHBOUR BROWN'S COSTLY BLUNDER. jjSENRY, what do you think? Mr. ilJ Ravciisdale is studying for the stage, lie has written a play, and says he will read it to us to night," said Mrs. Wilson, eomowhab excitedly, as her husband was removing his overcoat. He slopped proceedings, wibu one arm still in the sleeve of his T53!fb, to stare ab his wife. "Great heavens, Anna, have we got to take this on top of the flute ? Either means insanity, bub the two together mean death— cold- lingered death ! 1 wish you and that heron-proportioned biped to under stand that I'm no phonograph, to have fevery fool in the country yell at and expect ing me to repeat to-inorrow the utterances I am forced to hear. If the idiot begins any of his ranbings around me, he: is liable togeb his head punched, I have no love for his legsliip, to begin with. A striking; appear- auee he would make on the stage ! I will sib pub iri the barn until the, curtain drops," vWilsQii savagely sai&.'v - ? c 'l.IkriowXshall .enjoy it, arid , you would too, only you are eriyious of his talents," she replied. " Undoubtdly, madam," ' he sneered, elisvabing his cliin and casting a disdainful glance at his wife. "He laid. the plot in Ireland, - in the days of ancient chivalry," she explained. " If he had laid it on bhe fire with thab eternal flute, liis posterity would have riseu up and called him blessed," he growled. The hours slowly passed and supper-time came. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were at the table with their boarder. " We expect to hear that play this even ing, and would prefer it in. character," said Mrs. Wilson, as they arose from the table ab the close oi the meal. " Very well I will do my best," answered Ravcnsdale. He soon made his appearance, with a long searicb cloak thrown over liis shoulders, white knee pants, black stockings, and a green vest. Dangling at his spurred heel was a sword of prodigious length. After reading a few moments, he laid aside his manuscript, and recited the play from memory. Wheeling round to Wilson, and drawing his sword, he shouted : " I am the Ghost of Ancient Chivalry, come to do battle for the down-trodden people of our unhappy land. Do you dare accept the gage?" " You bet your bones I do ! And iE you will lay down that pruning knife, and come at me with bare knuckles, I will fix you" so your own folks would nob know you from a barrel oE mincemeat ! No specimen of a eenbre-pole can whoop-la around my house without hearing from yonrs truly. Pub down your prod-pole and face the music," howled Wilson. " Henry Wilson, are you crazy" " Lay down your fisli spear, and meet me half- way !" yelled Wilson defiantly. With one long arm extended towards the ceiling, and the other with sword in hand pointing at Wilson, the Ghost - of Ancient Chivalry hissed : - r- " Grasshopper ! spider !' flea ! I could crush you with the weighc of; my little finger ; You are not worthy of my steel !" and with a knightly slirug of his shoulders he strode from bhe room. Ravensdalc's dog came from under the piano, lazily stretched himself and trotted towards the door. With a bound Wilson made a kick ab the auimal. Had it struck the object at which it was aimed, it would have driven the dog through the side of bhe house or broken Wilson's leg. But the dog slipped out of harm's way, and Wilson landed backward on liis head in a chair. "I am glad of it ! Serves you right ! What do, you suppose Mr. Ravensdale thinks of you now?" his wife cried. " Wilson slowly drew himself upon the chair. His right leg stood straight out in front of him, and lie held his back with both hands. He gazed ab his wife with a mournful expression, and groaned feebly. " What is the matter ?" she asked. " My backbone is broken," he replied. "Nonsense ! If it were you could not move !" " Yes, it is. I can feel the fracture, audi- am certain that the two ends of the bone have slipped by each other," he whispered. " Why do you hold your leg out that way ?" "Paralyzed !"he moaned. " Fudge ! You are all right." " Of course I am. I am an indiarubber man. No such thing as hurting me. Never theless. this nigh t's work has been the wind- up of my earthly affairs. The only thing I regret is that I did nob kill the idiotic stork I am going to make a new will, and stipu late that if you marry him, every cent will go to found a home for unloved husbands," lie exclaimed;.. " There's aland thab is fairer than this," the boarder softly played on his flute. Wilson was on his. feet; like a jumping jack, and kicked hisf chair across the rpom with his paraiy zed- foot, f- .'" That'ffute seeinslo have a . great healing power for you,.' my dead," observed his wife. "' i. 7 ££ 4 " Tba'Ffierid'fritisFgo !?? i will pitch him arid his outfit from the chamber-window" — " There's a good time Vcqming," pealed forth the firitp. ' ""j- "It lias cc5uferrig$jji .now !" yelled Wilson, starting for'tl&|&|£ii$.' - ; A ring ab,tH'e-clpoiijell. caused liiiri to turn back, arid, opening -£he ;door, he was con fronted by hisfiieig'b&oiir; Mr. Brown, who asked him tOvSbeg;oritjside for a moment! " Henry,":h e=- sriid, " I have always tried to be a good neighbour, and never had; any fault to find with- you- until you made a home for that beari-polri", wbo cannot sleep without ploying a flufce to; snore by. My wife and I have lain awake,, nights, for three mortal weeks, and slept in- the day-time until we imagine we 'can. see .-flutes as long ab the trees, they are- shipping from California to, the. World's Fair, arid twice as large around, with holes ijn theirilike cellars. I shall have softening of the brain, or whooping cough, if it is nob stopped,' ridded Brown, as he despondedly shpok his. Head. ' ' Dear friend, of iffy childhood's days, 1 am a persecuted main, and from, the same source. Give me your hononred hand, Brown and then .gather all the bricks, stones, and dead cats that are distributed through the alley, and throw them through the window into his room'.' I will stand all' damages," chuckled Wilson. ; " Honest ?" questioned Brown. " Shure thing I Jpnd cv few alongside of his elongated, headdgtuidl I will stand the cigars.;, :Pump tMMdin-thiclcI: never mind the"glasSpiFsfe\tMQjhowSe,"saidW llson j qiatbing Brbw.ttcouraglrigly: : on- rv-the. shoulder. i " I will do.it bytjock8 !" said Brown. Wilson went back into the- house, aud wil.ii a merry twinkle in his eyes thfew him self on the lounge. - I "Who was tbafcf: inquired Mrs. Wilson. | i — ' A man to gftfr on . hueme," was ! i Wilsons short reply. ! 'Meet mc bv moonlight," came m dulcet i tones from .tho'iite. ... ft qi , tcHj --XhRo wect- by a craSsh of glass, ana a -neavy , -. : 1 - r cc f ell.mn :th e i "IPs only your chum, the Irish Ghost, rehearsing," giggled Wilson. ! The tnusic began again, and the gla.-s began to rattle. Thump ! bang ! in quick succession, on- after another, several missiles dropped or the floor and pounded the wall. "Someone is breaking your windows!' yelled the boarder from the head of the stairs. "Breaking your windows, are they?" inquired Wilson, running up the stairs. | " No, it is in the other room," replied the . boarder. " What," yelled Wilson, rushing to the door, to find the floor covered wibii stone and glass. Both wiudows were demolished j and the plastering was broken in several : places. j " The old fool lias been bombarding tho wrong windows ! Brown will go down in his pocket and pay for this ! Idiot ! coward !" Wilson ejaculated, rushing down the stairs. " This comes of your musical boarder !" gtowied Wilson, addressing his wife. "He will pay dearly for this job !" " Who did it ? Who will pay for it ?" cried Mrs. Wilson. " That long-necked boarder !" he yelled. " Why do you nob go out and see who it was ?" she asked. " I suppose you think the rioters are waiting to be recognized. I am going to bed. The consarned fool !" Wilson muttered to himself. "All Brown knows is to raise a goat." "I just believe Henry .Wilson engaged someone to do it, and his agent has broken the wrong windows," she iriused, eying her husband curiously. ' . . 