Greenroom Gossip. Good gracious, isn't it delightful meet- ing all this way from home! Why you are looking well ! Going to rehearsal ? So busy, of course. Will I come into the theatre ? Why certainly. Not this morn- ing, though-to-morrow about 11.30, eh? All right. Au revoir. Who is it? Good- ness, don't you know? Why, it's Mr. Terry. Haven't you seen his portraits ? They are all over the place. Nervous, electric, and excitable. I expect he'll t-.. A Sketch of Captain Bovton's Water Show. < \- ?. > An afternoon stroll on the Thames. catch on immensely. He is quite unique in his way, you know." The next morn- ing finds me stumbling over the properties .and impedimenta on the stage of the Lyceum Theatre. Coming out of the sunshine, how dark it is! Presently, living through the centre open iiig comes, breathless and panting, a 'slender, wiry gentleman with dishevelled hair and a pale face. There is a collision '¿-.ugh j «« oh, really, I beg your pardon " (he speaks in little, odd, short, sharp gasps, -I-... -. -. and with funny inflections). "Could not see you in the dark. Oh, it's you, is it?" ?' Yes*; Now tell me something about yourself. How do you like the Harbor ? " " I refuse to criminate myself. Next Sunday I am going in a yacht to explore all its beauties." " Whose yacht?" "TJm-I don'iexactlykuow." " Hon. R. D. White's?" "No, that's not it." "Mr. Hordern Mri Sam Hordern?" "Yes, that's the name." " Well, how do you like Sydney ? " "Oh,* immensely, as far as I have seen. Awfully pretty girls-large eyes and fine hair. Very nice, indeed, and-" "Never mind the girls 5 tell me your movements." " Well, to-morrow, Wednesday, I lunch with the Grand Master and the officers at the Masonic Hall, and on Thursday I dine at Government House; on Friday I re- hearse all day, and on Saturday there is the performance. Yes, I expect a real good time. I have already met so many nice people, and I have no end of letters of introduction from Irving, Toole, W. H. Vernon, Genevieve Ward, &c.;" " To whom?" "There's one f rom Lonnen ; he writes from New Zealand. I found it waiting for me at Melbourne. He encloses a letter to a doctor. Teddy tells me he's an awfully good fellow, and will soon set me up if anything's the matter. You know, they gave me a fare- well dinner at the Garrick Club-it was no end of a send-off- and Toole sent me a silver flask with an inscription 'From J. L. Toole to Edward Terry, and remember me to all my friends in Australia.' I left it in my great coat pocket, and I left my great coat in the buffet at Modena, on the Italian frontier. But it's coming." " Your cue Mr. Terry," says the call-boy. "All right. Excuse me a moment. Don't go." And I sit on the stage and wonder what I miss in him, and at last I know-he does not wear the eye-glass, which people generally supposed he absolutely slept in. And then I think of the days that are past -of the days when Terry was the bright, particular star of the bustling burlesque firmament, filling the little Strand Theatre and after that the Gaiety with jest and laughter, and later on establishing in his own theatre the " Terry School " of demure and ecoentric comedy, one moment con- vulsing the audience and breaking the swells in the stalls all up into roars of laughter, and the next, with sudden touches of pathos, giving one an odd sort of feeling in the throat and developing alarming symptoms of incipient influenza among the gentlemen and unconcealed tears among the ladies. And then the ghosts of other, bygone days rise up and wrap their arms around me, and I shiver, and so go down the steps into Castlereagh street, and the glorious sun shines out, and the shadows fade away. Signor Foli, in a letter from Southport, and ./dated- April 26, says: "I have been knocking about on a concert tour with Madame Albani. I start for South Africa on May, 26, engaged for 20 foncerts ; back first week in October, as I commence a six weeks' tour in England on the 0th. Busi- ness is not in a very flourishing state here. Nothing but strikes and troubled allover the country. Was over in Paris last Sunday, and lunched at the " Cascade " with Miss Emilie Wood and her mother. She is working very hard at her voice with the best teachers in Europe. Madame Marchesi - Mrs. Vandeveer Green - is also studying .with her." Madame Sterling has the most original ideas as to singers and singing. This is what she said to a young, aspiring vocalist, who was anxious for her opinion as to her capacity : " Don't tell me your voice is ' so high ' or * so low ; ' is it in your heart to sing ? to lift up that voice higher than the stars-to Heaven's gate-crjing out for help for the helpless? If you feel like that, then you will be a singer j but with- out that you are a vocal machine ! " * * * "The Guardsman" at the Criterion is a success. The story is funny to a degree, in fact, it is a roaring farce. It is capitally acted, and everybody is fitted with a part-not thrust into it. Mrs. Brough is charming as Kitty Masters, the dressmaker and adventuress. Miss Temple looks very handsome in an Empire dress with immense train, and the "business" of the rehearsal for the presentation at court is very amusing. Miss Romer, as the match-making Lady Jones, is a paragon of propriety. Mr. Brough as the woman-hater is ex cellent; and Mr. Boucicault's caddish coach ing man, Hanbury Hakes, who bought a four-in-hand because "it was the proper thing to go with this coat, don't yer know," is very comic. Mr. Ward is the 'Guardsman,' and looks a picture. The first scene - "The Mall, St. James's Walk" \- was charmingly painted by Mr. Spong. There are curtains and calls at the end of each act. There is no doubt "The Guardsman" will be a long time on duty. * * * To the regret of all her friends, es- pecially her new ones, Mrs, Titheradge left Sydney on Monday last for Mel- bourne. What is Sydney's loss is Melbourne's gain, for Mrs. Titheradge is not only a charming lady, she is also an accomplished musician. Mrs. Titheradge plays Lord Litterly in the forthcoming production of "The Amazons" at the Court-no, I mean the Criterion- Theatre. Mrs. Titheradge tells me that " George is brokenhearted at not being able to get away to his beloved bulbs and roses," and that she joins Messrs. Brough and Bouci cault in a professional capacity for the New Zealand tour, making her re-appear- ance on the stage after an absence of some years. At the Lyceum the excellent production of " The Silver King " has had the grati- fying effect of filling the house at each performance. Mr. Sass plays powerfully as Wilfred Denver, and with a surprising amount of originality considering how the part is overloaded with tradition. Mr. Bland Holt, as Jaikes, is good in the comedy scenes, but not exactly at home in the pathetic ones. Mr. Baker plays the Spider with repose and polish, and Mies Henrietta Watson is excellent as Nellie Denver, The mise en scene was splendid. At the Royal " All for Gold," an adapta- tion from Eugene Sue's " Wandering Jew," has been played to good business all the week. All the company, including a new member, a fine St. Bernard dog, Spoilsport by name, appear to the greatest advantage, and, taken as a whole, the production is the best thing done this season. At the Gaiety " Les Cloches de Corne ville " are ringing merrily to good audiences. At Fitzgerald's Circus the business is phenomenal, the excellence of the enter- tainment being sufficient explanation for the abnormal state of things. Apropos of circuses, the Queen of the Belgians has a private one in the riding school at Laaken, of which she is not only the star artist, but the manager, director, and acting manager. The programmes are not printed, she writes them all out herself. Mr. H. F. Brickwell, Mr. Terry's old manager, is now doing the business for the Comedy Theatre, and is going to run Mr. E. J. Lonnen and a selected company on the latter's return from Australia. Mr. Lionel Rignold is at the Trafalgar Square Theatre. He says Australia is no place for a star ; how does he know, we wonder ? Felix Morris has left the Rosina Yokes Company on account of serious differences between himself and Marius. 