VISIT OF; THE; REV. A. J. WEBB. The Rev. A. J. Webb, whoso visit to Bunda berg has been looked forward to with much interest, arrived lastSAturday. evening, and yesterday held Divine Servioe in the Queen's Theatre. In the morning the reverend gentleman took for his text the third chapter of Revelation and the thirteenth verse, " He that hath an ear let him hear what the Spirit eaith to the Churches," and delivered an eloquent and impressive sermon. In the afternoon 'Mr; Webb held a meeting- with he kanaka?,-: and that, the latter were desirous of profiting by 'hie ministrations piay, he gauged by the fact that thoro were fully 500 Islanders in the Victoria Hnll, who listened' ni'o3b attentively. - In the evening Mr. Webb again preached in the Queen's Theatre,' the- building being' orowded, choosing for his eubjecb the Higher Criticism, and the text being, II Peter, ltahapter, and .21 veree,' ' For. the prophecy caincnofiri old'timeby tho'wiU'of mari; but holy men of God spake as they wero moved bj tho Holy Ghost."' Touching on the different questions' whioh had excited int crest, controversy, or, schism, the preachor pointed ont how,' these had changed with varying nges and generations much as the fashion of a garment changed in the third and fourth ceaitary interest 'had oentred ronnd tho personality of Christ, ' while with ourgrandsirespredestinationnndthopreserv- ane'e of the saints' was the chief themo of interest dividing fathers and sons, brother against brother ; ten years ago' the 'question of eternal punishment formed the dentre'of theological discussion . and in these days the Higher Criticism, the inspiration of the Bible was the argument that attracted mott interest;, iho', question-Bo far ris the New Testament was lettled and controversy 'now raged round the Psalms and the Mosaic books Dividing tbo inspired from tho uninspired in an illustrritiontaken from the human work manship In the " binding and printing of the Bible, Mr. Webb pointed out thnt there was a human element as well as a divine in the Scriptures' as there was a human: element and a divine -in the Person -of Christ; jthe higher criticism represented simply the. magnifying <gla8S of lonrnirig and erudition applied to' tno books of- tho Bible; some critics did their wo?k in a hostile- spirit others in a.devotedWish to aid tho trath. It was 'often found that tho critics demolished . the arguments, -one pf another but rwhatover came, whether people now could' wholly uridcrataridbr not, there should bo no fear for tbo truth must stand and must be brought to light by earnest, inquiry. The Gospel of St.. John had . passed through tu fire pf criticism and had come out untouched ; what mattor though the ptace of tho book of Revolution woro bpforo tho 'Epistles of St. John or .Galatian's in historical sequence camo beford St. Matthewj as long as essen- tiaLtrtitb remained antoucliod all could .not- bo but well; criticism must not :bo feared for the truth would- stand. The praise portion of the, servico was ' rendered by a combined choir. To-day, arrangements have been made for avisit to the- Woongarra Scrub, and Mr Webb, escorted by a number of our leading citizens, , will be shown various points of interest in our groat sugar district, lunching at Windermere, tho property of Messrs. Notfc. The party start from the residence of Mr. E. A. Pile whoso guest Mri Webb is, at 10 a.m., but before that time, at 9.30 a.m., we, under- stand that arrangements have been made for an interview between Mr. Webb and the 'un employed, at the Immigration building. ' This evening the Rev. A. J. Webb will deliver a lecture in tho Queen's Thentre, "The Best Interest of Queensland, Material, Intellectual nnd Spiritual," which is deservedly popular, tho chair Uuiugtakenby bin Worship the Mayor; while ou Tuesday, tho revereud visitor will be entertained at n annual tea meeting in tho Viotoriu Hall, to bo followed by a public meeting and concert in tho Queen's Theatre at which the chair will be taken by Mr. Angus Gibson Wo understand that Mr. Redmond lias kindly placed the Tho-itro|at;the Committee's disposal for the occasion. , 