MOSLEM SlIKINE. Just off tlio liigli road, 011 a breezy which overlooks tlio Mediterrane an, two littlo domes peer above a rough, limc-washod wall. Tliey in dieato that a saint and his saintly is sue (for the titlo is hereditary in Islam) lie buried there, anc], iu thoir way, doliuo wJwIi.-Hio are so anxious to bridge over hero in Algeria. Iiuagino an oblong " enclo sure strewn with narrow whito tombs in all stages of obliteration and decay, choked with waving grasses ami slimy weeds ; at its Eastern base a low whito peut- house where dwells the caretaker-a good man who has oi titer obtained his olfi.ee as a sineeuro of inheritance, or has been nt pains to establish it as such for the beuofit of himself and posterity. Springing as an excrescence from the northern wall, and built into it, is the oldest of the koubbas, or slirincs, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude, battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted donio.* A glanco through the grating in the door re veals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two littlo shrines. Move adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdry ; making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern picture. She bears an airy littlo/tffrtrff of three or four horseshoe arches poisedonslenderspiral columns, discovered through their crust of erum bling whitewash to bo marble ; rolics, possibly, of tho old Roman city buried here. . Two tin lanterns, stuck over -with, pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, dangle to and fro under tlio arcade. At our first meeting tlio koubbas wero simmering in a mellow glow, as if centuries of warmth and light -were being re turned to tho sun which gave tliem. Nothing was wanting to complete the Eastern glamour of tho whole : vivid sunshine; white domes clear cut against a bluo sky; a tall pabn with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and lior dirty child tumbling half- naked among tho tombs; a hobbled donkej' painfully cropping here and there; and, as if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabylo cauio presontly out of the lean-to a at the end of tho court carrying a crucltc in her hand. A gay petticoat, striped rod and white, down to her knees, a loose muslin shirt wliicli suggested instead of hiding her full bust, and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin .and largo shining oyes. She came, swinging the eruehe, to the dilapidated old well in tho middle of tho court, and stood leaning on ono arm against the para pet while tho bucket descended. Then she hauled up hand ovor hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, lior body bending to tho weight like sonic slender poplar before a galo, her baro feet planted apart,grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A color flushed her brown cheeks, and tho light gleamed in her oyes; lior soft lips parted to easo her breathing,her bosom, heaved under its gauzy veil with tho hard work. Tho March wind caught her haii- and blew it across her faco; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed, threw a glance at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing-, innocent and frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal lifo before her in the quiet court, until she marry some grave brown man of her own race, and vaiso up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny corner such as this, then go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the rug ged mountain sides or in the peaceful valleys of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creature was the daughter of the caretakei*, and lived in the lean-to hut with I don't know how many generations of relatives; for,he sides womenand girls, there wasa sw arm of children for ever crawling and scrambling about in the court. I watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining medio crity about them all; a steady work ing for a few tilings and a deep en joyment of the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigor which, as a lesson alone, wore worth going out to sec. Prom Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self- seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French have signally bridgod their gulf-laying suro foundations of absinthe and hotol re quirements to be fulfilled for sous and converted their wild Arabs into Jtdi/ciov chiffoniers, touts, quack guides and what not (all which parts, be it said, the Arabs wore very willing to play) ; from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of tliis oven life is a far cry, and hopefully suggestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of us sweat and groan our days away. Cemeteries and tombs are favorite haunts of the women in all Jiastorn countries, and accordingly I lind numbers of them here every day. Iu the presence of the dead, it soems, they venture to disregard tho living, for directly thoy have entered tho court and kissed the walls and a stray stone or so. they throw oil' their liabarahs, and squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in tho habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbored with mystery-none of 4ior seeking draperies and babies. Unveiled, tho monotony is still there, for it goes deeper thar> the veil; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we must, that tho elotheshave become veritablo Nessus-shirts; that the shrouds once on can nevor eomo off again; for if put away they are still there, shroud ing soul instead of body. And tho shrouding hero begins at fourteen ; think of that! A mother of two children-a mere slip of a girl-comes nearly every daj\ Comes sliufiling in, a drab bundle of a creature, drag ging lier babies with her ; punctually kisses the same stones, and then chat ters in a thin voice for half an hour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant; gossips a, little, slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the object of it, or at mo ; laughs shrilly -with out memment, and always where to cry would bo moro to the purposo ; then rises with a weary gesture and puts on the sliroud that never was off if slio but know it ; and shuffles out again into her cage. These Kabylo dwellers in tho lean-to are better off. No shrouds, palpable or impalpable for them. Hard work in plenty and a bed as liavd to rest on, scanty fare, a shed to cover them ; hero aro no luxuries, God wot. 13ut free limbs and a bare head, bare foot and a free sold, iivo " gifto from the treasure ]>ouoo oi natuiu, tliuugli now perhaps somewhat scorned and made light of by the qualms and whimsies of a high-snifling world. " Incomo of one hundred pounds a year," cries Carlylo, "andno dry-rot in the soul of you anywhere ; income of one hun dred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry-and-wet-rot in tho soul of you (ugly appetities, unvora cities, blusterous conceits, and pro bably-us symbol of all things-a pot belly to your Door bodv itself): oh. my friends !" Temple JJitr. rujiei- teeth ara now being manufactured iu Germany. Young Hopeful.-" Papa," it worries mo awfnl to think liow much trouble I give mama." Papa-" Sho hasn't eom plaiued." " No, she's real patient. Hut slie often sends liie to the stores for tilings and the stores is a good ways off some times, and I know she gets most sick waitiii' when sho is in a hurry." " Not often, I guess." " Oh, she's most al ways in a hurry. She gets everything for bread, and finds at the last minute she hasn't any yeast; or she gets a jmd ding all fixed, and finds she hasn't any nutmeg or something: and then she is an awful stew cause the oven is all ready, and there may be company comin' ; and I can't run a very ? long distance you, know, and I feel awful sorry for poor mama." "Humph! Well, what can we do about it!" " I was thinkin' you might get we a bicycle.". 