A DOCTORS STORY. Once in the course of a medical career of nearly fifty years I saved a patient’s life. In other cases I have my doubts; but in that one I’m certain of it. You’ll take-another cigarette ? What, no ? Then black coffee 1 The patient was a lady—young, and not unpleasing. That gave me an interest in the case. She lived at Surbiton. I had never seen her before I was called in for this particular illness; but one day her husband came to my house in Harley street, and wanted me to go down post-haste with him to look at her. He was particu larly anxious to get a first-rate London specialist’s opinion. They'd had a general practitioner down at their own place, he said, but that wasn’t enough for him; he distrusted G. P.’s. He in sisted upon getting the very best ad vice for her. A tall, dark man, the husband, with keen, deep-sunkon eyes. He looked a Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor. But what struck me most about him was the queer little fact that, though he expressed the greatest anxiety, . and desired to . show the. deepest affection, I couldn’t help feeling it was my opinion he wanted far more than my assistance. He laid great stress upon the point of my being an undoubted authority. Whatever I thought of the case he would know it was right. He didn’t care about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors; he didn't trust their prognosis; but I —if I told him his wife would live, he could be sure she would recover; and if I told him—well, the worst—why, he knew he must accept it with resigna tion. (Cambric pocket-handkerchief.) I went down with him and saw her. She was very ill indeed. A most pathetic young woman. She roused my keenest sympathy, But it was the queerest case I ever knew in my life. I could make nothing of it. I told the husband she wns seriously ill. I doubted her recovery, she Imd sunk so low; but I didn’t understand it. His eyes had an inscrutable gleam in them when I told him that; hut he answered very anxiously, “ Can’t you put a name to it? It would be satis factory at least to know what it is that’s the matter with her.’ ‘No, I can’t,’ I replied. ‘ln the whole course of my experience I never yet saw anything like it.’ His face fell a little. Long medical practice has made me observe the quick shades of emotion that pass over faces. ‘ I was in hopes you would' have understood it,’ he said, very slowly, with a hard look into my eyes, pointing each word with emphasis. ‘lt was for that I went to the best London authority. I thought these ordinary suburban men might fail to make it out, but that I was sure of an opinion from a great London specialist. They told me you r forte was diagnosis.’ Clever of him, I felt at the time to try thus to work upon my professional pride and my professional suscepti bilities. He fancied he could force me or cajolo me into giving it a name. That was decidedly sharp of him, but it overshot the mark. It gave me a first clue to the real nature of her ill ness. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no object, the affectionate husband said often. All he wanted was to he suro his dear wife had the benefit of the very best medical advice and assistance. The third day I was so puzzled I took my assistant down t with me without telling him why. I | sent him to see her. When he came out [ said to him, ‘ Well, Harvey, what do you make of it ?’ ‘I don’t make anything of it,’ he i answered. ‘I can’t. It looks to me unique. I don't in the least under j stand it.’ ‘Neither do I,’ I replied, stroking my chin. ‘ That’s why I brought you to see it.’ We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assist ant said, very dubiously, “The fact is Sir Everard, it appears to me ’ ‘Well: go on, man! Out with it!’ ‘Not a case of natural disease at all, but a case of poisoning.’ ‘ Precisely my opinion,’ I answered giving a start. ‘I brought you here to confirm it.’ I went to the sick woman's room again. ‘I want to ask you one ques tion,’ I said, in as soothing a voice as possible. ‘You may think it an odd one. Is there anybody who would benefit in any way by your death?’ She gazed up at me feebly. ‘ Not a soul,’ she answered. ‘AH I have in the world I’ve left by will to dear Archie.’ That settled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the diningroom. The husband was there, sitting uneasily by the window. He looked at me with an anxious face. ‘ Well, 1 ve formed an opinion on the case at last,’ I said, ‘ and so has Dr Harvey here; but perhaps it may dis tress you or annoy you to hear it.’ He glanced nervously at my assis tant; then at me in return. I had placed myself on purpose so that both our eyes were upon him from every angle. He shuffled in his chair. ‘ Oh, I’m prepared for the worst,’ he answered with a sickly smile. ‘I know she can’t recover.’ ‘ Then do you desire me to give you the honest opinion I’ve formed,’ I asked, ‘ at the risk of offending you ? ‘Yes, I want your opinion,’ he answered; but his lips quivered faintly. ‘ It’s that that I called you in for.' I stared straight into his eyes. I fixed him with mine. He couldn’t avoid them without catching Harvey’s. ‘ Then my opinion is this,’ I said slowly aud'distinctly, ‘that if your wife dies— you’ll be hanged for it.’ He never moved a muscle of his face; but his color went with a rush— he was while as a ghost in a moment. He rose with an effort. ‘This is a mauvaise plaisantmc,' he cried, ‘at such a time as this! A maivaise plaisanleric /’ (He was more than half French, and his native lan guage came natural to him at these critical moments.) ‘ No plaisanlrtric at all,’ I answered, very grim, ‘but a simple statement of of my medical opinion. Look here, Mr So and-so, we are two; you are one. Now, I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she recovers we will hold you answerablp. You wanted the best advice. Well, now you have got it. Don’t suppose you can deceive me by using a little-known poison. I won’t let you murder her. Your wife must recover. I have my eye upon you. If anything ever happens to her, now or hereafter, 1 shall take good care there is full enquiry; and so will Dr Harvey. I no more than that. And I wish you very good morning. To-morrow, when I come, I shall expect to see a marked improvement.’ And so I did. She was decidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In a month she was at Harrogate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature; and I allowed her to go on loving him. But I confess I was relieved when four years later he pro videntially broke his wretched neck on the Schreckhorn. It unburdened my mind of the responsibility of watching him. In other cases I have my doubts. But in that one I’m confident I really saved ray patient’s life; and I should think you agree with me. 