AN OLD FRIEND. In October, 1889, when cruising off the north of New Guinea, we ran one day into a big school of whales, and lowered four boats. The bow boat ran up to a big one, and the bIoatsteerer hove his iron, but it drew out again. This roused the school, and before any of the other boats could get fast they cleared. Just then I signalled from the ship for the boats to return and tackle another school in sight close to the ship. Three boats got down among them, and the fourth mate's fastened to a big bull. He sounded at once, and the other two boats drew up so as to be near him when he rose, for then his mates would gather round and every boat be sure of getting fast. This fellow was a long while sound ing, and the officers in the other boats eagerly watched the trend of the line from the fourth mate's boat as it tore into the ocean depths. At last the huge head of the stricken whale broke water. He was surrounded by many others,and the third mate's boat darted in and got fast to a medium sized one. The instant this latter felt the sting of the iron he made a streak for the fourth mate's boat, which was still fast to the big bull; sinking under her he rolled belly up, with his lower jaw on one side at the boat and his junk (upper jaw) on the other,and crushed her to matchwood. Of course the moment the terrible jaws were visible the crew sprang overboard, and by miraculous good luck escaped the fate of the boat. Having done for one boat the whale settled down, flukes first, to about thirty fathoms, and perhaps remembering that the harpoon buried deep into him with the line attached came from the third mate's boat he rose under her, bit her bows off clean as far as the bow thwart and dived again. All hands at once sprang out of that boat, and had barely got clear when up he came again and bit off another six feet of the craft. Then taking no notice of the two crews struggling in the water, he darted off towards the only loose boat, that of the mate, and rushing head first at her, opened his awful jaws and made a savage snap, but missed, his teeth merely tearing the outside of the planking as the crew sterned her off. The mate, who stood his ground coolly, watched the brute shoot his head right out of the water as he missed his bite,and then picking up his bombgun, the officer fired a lance square into the great broad chest. When the shot struck the whale he was in a perpendicular position, his flukes deep down, and showing the upper part of his body clear out of the water. Two. or perhaps three, seconds elapsed, and the bomb was heard to burst inside the mighty frame. It shook him sorely ; he quivered and trembled, and then, throw ing himself flat on the water, he went into the agonies of his flurry, rolled ove r and gave up his greasy ghost. Meanwhile the second officer's boat had come up after rescuing the crews of the third and fourth mates' boats, and then the chief made a hole in the dead whale's nib (nose) for a towline, the lines were cleared, and he was pulled by the two boats to the ship. Now, here is a curious thing. On stripping off the blubber near the ' small ' the sharp spade struck against a piece of iron. The junk of blubber was hoisted on deck, and it was found that the iron was one of our harpoons that we had fired into that identical whale about twenty months before when cruising off Wangi Wangi in October, 1887. How could we prove it I Very easily. Every harpoon is branded with the ship's name, and the boatsteerer, whose particular iron it is, also puts his private mark on, so as to avoid dispute by another boat claiming to have struck a whale first. The mate had fastened to that same whale nearly two years before, as you will see by the log, in the Moluccas. The iron, however, struck him too far aft in the 'mail,' and just as he sounded he gave a furi ous kick, which snapped the iron of the shank a most unusual thing. But then the blow was so sudden and of such terrific force that I suppose it broke like a carrot. Well, he got clean away, and yet, here off the north of New Guinea, and in the Pacific Ocean, 1800 miles from the place where he got his first touch of cold iron, and'after an interval of nearly two years, has fell foul of us again, and chawed up two boats to show us that he had not forgotten the unpleasantness that occurred in the Moluccas.-J. B. CAR rENTER, in N Z. Mail ,,? - · - ? 