ORDINATION AND INDUCTION. At half-past seven o'clock in the evening St. Andrew's Church was filled with a "large congregation, a considerable per-oentage being ladies. The choir mustered in force, Mr. J. Button presiding at the Amerioan organ. Eaoh member of tbe choir had, thronghout the rehearsals, evinced a personal interest in the musical portion of the ceremony to be gone through on the occasion, consequently the result was an unqualified success. Several of the derical visitors, good judges of music, spoke after the Service in high terms of praise of the quality of tbe voices and the excellent tuition evidently imparted. The Rev. R. Jackson, having mounted the pulpit, read the edict for tbe third and last time, a formal dooument in this instance, asking any of those present who had objections against the life or doctrine of the licentiate to offer them. If no objections were forthcoming, the service in connection with the ordination would proceed. A procession of clergymen and elders, headed by the Rev. Dr. Cameron, entered the church from tbe vestry, and took seats on the open forms between tbe pulpit and the first pew in the central aisle, the Rev. J. Paterson being laced in the centre. The Rev. A. Smith, of §t. Mary's near Penrith, asoended the pulpit, and tbe Rev. Mr. Jackson descended, an opportunity being afforded the objectors, if any, to come forward. No objections offering, the Rev. Mr. Smith gave out tbe 214lh hymn, which was sung to tbe tune of the " Old Hundredth." The Rev. Mr. Smith offered prayer,: , returning _ thanks to the Almighty for Hia great redemption, supplicating His blessing on St. Andrew's congregation and on tbeir new pastor; and asking that the Rev. J. Pateraon, now set over this people in high ibings, be baptised with the Holy Ghost and with power, so that he, too, might be enabled "to -say; that tbe Spirit of the Lord was upon him. The Rev. Mr. Smith then delivered an eloquent sermon on the first four verses; of the sixth, chapter of Isaiah. The address was a stirring one, initiated with the observation that " tombstones are oftentimes the leading landmarks in a nation's history." In urging his hearers to a reasonable joyonsness, the 'reverend preacher took occasion to remark, " How dirge-like are onr songs. Some are always singing in a minor key."v . The 372nd hymn, "Ye Servants of the Lord," having been sung, The Rev. R. Jaokson returned to the pulpit, and ssid: In pursuance of the rules and forms of yrooedure of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, it now falls to me to give si brief narration of the steps taken in connection with the call. Some three months ago' only}'• the presence of your late lamented pastor was' removed by the hand of death. After a .fitting interval the charge was duly declared vacant. The Committee and Session combined met, and decided upon a list of candidates to be brought before the congregation. In due course these gentlemen were heard, and after waiting until the congregation had. had an opportunity of coming to a decision in the matter, a meeting waB called, at which there was the ntmoBt unanimity displayed. Opportunities were given of bearing any candidates, but the congregation unanimously came to the conclusion that one gentleman was to he the man, if they could secure him: that, of course, was a difficulty which might arise, but which it was hoped might be surmounted. A petition for moderation in a call was accordingly submitted to tbe Presbytery. Tbe Presbytery acceeded to tbe petition, and, at a very large meeting of members and adherents, the name of the Rev. John Paterson was inserted in the call. At a meeting held tome fortnight ago, this call was sustained. The Rev. Mr. Paterson accepted it. This 'afternoon he had presented to him the trials, "and the Presbytery sustained there trials, expressing their great satisfaction with the style and matter therein shown by the Rev. Mr. 'Paterson. Now, I have to ask him a number ofquWlions, according to our rules. 8everal questions, interrogating the Rev. Mr. Pdttiraon as to his belief in tbe Old and New Testaments as the Word of God and the only authoritative rule of faith and praotice, and as to his motives in entering tbe office of the ministry, were put to him. and satisfactorily answered. At the request of the Rev. Mr. Jackson, the congregation stood op, whereupon he asked them if they, the members and adherents of the congregation, adhered to the call which they had already subscribed -in favour of the Rev. John Paterson, to be their minister; and, also, if they nOw cordially received him as their minister, promising to provide for him suitable maintenance, and to give him all due respect, encouragement and obedience in the Lord. The congregation, both men and women, signified their assent by holding up the right hand ; and resnmed their seats. Additional questions were then put to tbe minister-elect, and were all answered. Tbe Rev Dr. Cameron, as presiding minister, next engaged in prayed, the Rev, J. Paterson, as tbe lioentiate to be ordained, kneeling in tbe midst of the ministers of the Presbytery. Dr. Cameron tbanked God for -putting It mto ; the hearts of men to enter as labourers into the vineyard, and asked a special blessing for tbe minieter now called to the pastorate of this congregation, and " whom we now by the laying on of the bands of the Presbytery solemnly set apart to the work of the holy ministry among this people. We pray that Thou wilt deal bountifully with him, and endow him with all spiritual gifts and graces, that he may be a good shepherd, a zealous watchman, a wise master-builder, a faithful steward, and a workman ' needing not to be ashamed,' ' rightly dividing tbe Word of God.' Give bim the power of a blameless life, and grant that be prove in conversation and conduct worthy of Thy Gospel. Hallow, we beseech Thee, the bond that unites people and pastor. May his flock receive him as a gift from Thee, that so bis bands may be sustained, and bis spirits cheered, by their sympathy and cordial cooperation. We pray for tbe Church to which we belong, and for the Universal Church. I do now, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the only King and Head of the Church, aud by authority of this Presbytery, hereby declare you ordained to tbe office of the Holy Ministry, and inducted into the pastoral charge of this congregation, and entitled to all tbe rights and privileges thereto appertaining; and in token thereof I now give unto you the right hand of fellowship." The members of Presbytery then shook hands heartily with the Rev. J. Paterson. Tbe following are the names of those who extended the time- honoured greeting:—Tbe linv. Dr. Oameron, the Rev. Dr. Bruce, the Revs. Jackson, M'Kee, Smith, Kinghorn, Goudie, Ayling, and P. Fitzgerald ; aud Messrs. W. Wood, W. Henderson and M. A. M'Pherson. During this part of tbe ceremuny, the choir commenced a beautiful rendering of " God bless our Pastor " The next features of the service are exhortations to minister and people as to their respective duties. Tbe Rev. Mr. Goudie exhorted the Rev. J. Pateraon :—Dear brother,—I am appointed by tbe Presbytery, as Moderator, to address a few words to you on tbie very solemn occasion. I could have wished that one of the brethren, more advanced in years and riper in experience than myself, had been appointed in my stead ; yet I can assure you that there aro none of ui young and inexperienced but that we have realised tbe responsibilities and the solemnities of that vocation to which you have just been set apart. I am sure that you yourself bave not reached even your present Btuge in life without realising some, at least, of the great responsibilities and solemnities of the profession to which you have to-night boon dedicated ; and therefore tbe brief words which I.shall address to you will simply be by way of reminding you of a few things which seem to me to he absolutely needful, in order that yon may prove yourself to be u faithful and successful labourer in the Lord's vineyard. First, yon must be a student of tbe Word of God, studying faithfully and prayerfully. This is "The sword of the Spirit"—"Search the Scriptures": these are able to point you to Him who is "the way, the truth, and the life." You mnst remember that as a minister of Christ you must ever keep in view tbe building-up of the body of ObriBt—the deifying of His body: and those who are His servants yon must build up iu the knowledge of the truth, so that through .-yourinstrumentality they may be led frota gtaoe to grace, a^d 'glory to glory. Those wandering from time to time out of the pale of the gospel—set clearly and fearlessly before them the truth as it is in Jesus, that they may be led to yield themselves entirely , to Him. Of course yon ought to keep np your studies Vyou will road tbe literature of your profession, both of the past and of the present; but in these studies: you will seek only one object—to bring them intoheaubserviency of the truth as it IsiirGhriat, and as a means of illustrating and exemplifying those great truths which have been "entrusted to you to deliver to these people. Then, you will seek to impress the Word of Ood upon them and display it in all its phases. Secondly, .you must abound in prayer—mnst be a man of prayer. A OtiriBtian indifferent to prayer—a •prayerlees Christian—seems to me to be an anomaly; you must therefore be, above all tilings, one abounding in com mus ion with God. In this; connection; bear in mind howirequently Christ Himself was a man of prayer In everyday life—''I pray for them": and again, "Father, forgive them,', for they, know not, .what theyjjo.''• fie deemed it necessary to j pray: how muoh more is it needful for you to enter earnestly into fellowship with God, and to have your whole lifepermeated with prayer, so that the influence of your life shall be an influence by whioh all with whom'you come in contact may be strengthened, to the end that they may realise its intensity . and earnestness ..end -be benefited thereby, Nothing is more important than that you should endeavour to lead d holy and a Christ-like life—ofttimes in thepresence of the Master, and in communionAvith Himself, for remember that we imbibe our chief and keenest impressions as refleoced from those with whom we are thrown iu frequent contact. Of your sermons and discourses, however eloquent these may be, in many cases the impression will not last long, bnt your life will be constantly exercising an impression for good or evil upon the hearts and liveB of all around you. Let me, then, briefly sum up all I have said. Seek to bring to bear the influence of tbe Master on both old and young under your care: be faithful in all tbe different spheres of your ministeritl office: be true" to your flock and to your own soul: be faithful unto death in the exercise of your trust—God grant it, for Christ's sake The Rev. Mr. Kinghorn addressed the congregation:—People of St. Andrew's,—The Presbytery have laid on me the responsibility of delivering an exhortation to you; and let me, first of all, congratulate you on your harmonious settlement in making your choice of a minister. It says not a little for the wise working of those who have wrought in this place before, that you have been so unanimous. St. Andrew's has been in the past gifted in no small degree with the eloquence, wisdom and piety of onr Chnrch. From time to time God takes his workmen home, but the work is carried on, end the trowel is grasped by other bands. Give, one and all of you, your kindest sympathies to the trustee of this great charge, The making of your minister lies wholly in your bands. Little may some of you realise bow muoh this young man, rejoicing in bis strength, and strong no doubt in the wisdom of the schools, is dependent upon yon. Alone in a strange land, he craves your love, your sympathy, your faith. Perhaps only those of as who have passed through a like experience can realise how much tbia is so. There are obstacles to conlcnd with, of which those who bave long lived here, and become used to the surroundings, can have little conception. There is the matter of olimate. This summer, with its trying heat, I hope yon will not look for too much from him, either mentally or bodily. Do not lay on bim burdenB.' which you would not lay on your own backs in tbe trying seascfa of tbe year. He comes from the far-off plaoes, and sometimes may sigh for tbe cool breezes of Home. He is a young man: see to it that he gets plenty of time for etudy. The typical minister is a student to the end of his days. We ministers do not get a full measure of opportunity, but we can do our best in that direction, and ask our congregations to belp us. Often there is work done by the pastor which might be undertaken by some member of the congregation. A minister quickly discerns that province of Cburch work for wbioh he is beBt fitted, that be may be the helper, and not a mere sobstitnte, of each member of the congregation. Tour minister will have his own ideas aud plans, and will want your support. With regard to yoar minister in the pulpit, remember that, although we all have tbe same message to deliver, we have all our own ways of delivering it, and so God meant it to be, that our lives may be mutually broadened and our faith deepened. Do not expect bim to be alwaysdwelliogon that particular phase of truth which is, in a manner, your hobby—that would be an injustice to others to whom other truths are equally dear. He ministers not only to the joyous bnt to the sad, not only to those who have never known doubt, but to those whose faith is being hammered out like fine steel in the furnace of aoubt and indecision. Help him, too, with your prayers. When all the romance of this welcome has worn off, yon will learn to assist one another, and your lives and bis will coalesce like perfect music to perfect words. So shall he look upon you as hie sympathisers, and say, " Ye are my care, my helpers, my joy." The choir sang, "I was glad." . . At the invitation of the Rev. Mr. Smith, Mrs. Mofiatt and Mrs. Henderson stepped from their pews and presented the Rev. J. Paterson with a gown and cassock, one of the ladies saying in a low voioe:—"On behalf of the congregation we have muoh pleasure in presenting you with this gown; and I trust that you may be long spared to wear it, and that your residence here may be one of pleasureand usefulness." The little speech evoked involuntary expression of approval from two or three elders and other members of tbe congregation. Tbe recipient of this handsomejiresent shook hands wit£ both ladies, and, turning' towards 'thecongregatipa, donned the gown.' ' ' The. Rev. J. Patereon said: Mr. Moderator, members ofthe Presbytery, and Chijstian friends,—After the long Mid' somewhtttrying eervioe of this evening,'it wonld he 'entirely out cf keeping for met to .make, a lengthy speech. Permit me to thank the ladies for Ibis' present, and also for the kind words with which it has been acoompanied. By this gown yon have oonoealed' the man and revealed the minister of God; yon have covered those idiosyncracies of form which mark the creatures of{ mortality, whioh do not but detraot from us, and to which the preaoher is subject in common with all those who serve as ministers of God. In so doing yon tell the'people they' have no longer to deal with a man absorbed in everyday cares, but with a minister, with one who has elected as his mission in life to direct your thoughts heavenwards—with pne whose sailing is too high, even too sacred, that he should be silent through fear of criticism in exkorting to a good life. With these bands you have bound me to the horns of the altar to advanoe the Master's cause, and to plead for your eternal welfare—to lead the wandering to Him in whom alone safety can be found—to comfort the sorrowing, and to uphold the fainting and faint-hearted. With God's blessing I will en-, deavour to do so, and to you I look for that sympathy and that forbearance which will enable me to discharge my arduous duties. The Rev. A. Smith: I would ask two of the brethren to conduct tbe new minister.to the entrance- door, so that oar friend may bave an opportunity of shaking hands with all as they leave the cburch. The Revs. Goudie and Jackson volnnteered for this office, it being a rule of procedure Uiat on retiring tbe congregation give their minister tbe right hand of welcome. The 63Gth hymn was snng as the doxology, and tbe Rev. Mr. Smith pronounced tbe bene-, diction, : ths proceedings ending at a quarter past 6 o'clock, to the inspiriting strains ofthe "Hallelujah Cherus." 