TWICE LOST. A TALK OF LOVE AND FORTUNE, BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER XXXIII.— A Letter from San Pedro. " I explained to you in my former loiter that I had taken a rather roundabout way to my destination. If this distracting country had boon provided with railways, or oven anything like what we call a road, 1 could have-reached this placo much more Suickly. There are, considering the size of lie country, no railways worth speaking of, and the roads are nothing more thau rude clearings through woods and the gentlest in clines mules can pick out up and down tlie hills and mountains. Many parts of tlio country no white man has yet seen, and although it is rich beyond description in all things which nature gives, much of it that I havo passed through, and this place most of all, is almost as nature made it. " vera Paz is the name of a department as Woll as of a town — if, indeed, tlie miserable place in which 1 writo now can be called a town. It appears Arthur Stebbing lived at San Pedro, a few leagues from this miserable eollcction of cabins. To-morrow I set off for San Pedro. 1 shall take this letter with mo unfinished, aud by some means or another got it sent on for post. Of course thcro is no sueli tiling as a post-ollieo there. Most likely no one there can write. Here people speak of San Pedro as a wret ched place. It must be deplorable, indeed, if worso than tlie city of-Vcra Paz ! However, Edio, good or bad, San Pedro is all one to mo. I tako no interest in it, or rather I take an interest in it only so far as it is illy goal, and only so long as I shall use it and require for oliang- ing it into a point of departuro for home. I now well understand what tho poet meant when he sppko of drawing at each remove a lenthening chain. Often when at night I have flung myself down, worn out and dis pirited bv tho journey of the day, I wondered to myself if it wero possiblo over to find a way back over that weary country. Often when I have awakened in the middle of the night, and lay listening to tho awful sounds of the solitary primeval forests, Ihave believed myself already1 in another World. At such times I do not know whether thesilenco or tho sounds aro the more awful. No doubt the awfulness of tho silence is in creased by the unexpected sounds, and tho awfulness of the sounds is helped by their happening in a silence which seems destined sever to bo broken, except by the Last Trumpet. " Now all at once you hear a rustle in tho leaves and a rattle in tlio branches high above your head, then a crash and a scream and clatter of something falling, followed by the Bilcnco of death, and all the rest of the night goes on in silence. At another timo you hear far off a scream and a groan, like the groan of man, and then no more, even if you do not sleep till daylight. You arc lying all awake and listening, trying to fathom the depth of the silence with your ears, when suddenly, you know not how, you become aware some thing is rushing through air somewhere at a terrific speed,, there is a shriek and a thud and a crash ; and after all the rest a moan, and then tlie silence once more. You wake suddenly with terror, fooling something fear ful, you know not what, is about to happen, and instantly a great musical note, one note of one sounding, vibrates through all the darkness of the forest and shakes your hair aud your flesh. The sound is as if the steel mast of a battleship had been struck against fimo of the giant trees of the forest. Then all is still, but you can sleep no more, and you hear no more till day. For none of these sounds can you or anyone with you account. They aro more terrifying than the rogrings of the pumas. "Ono sound the night in these parts all know. It begins witli a creeping shiver. You l'iso upon your elbow and listen. There is a swashing tear and elatter of thunder, and then a great bursting roar, as though all the sounds of a tempest met ill one. The ground on which you are lying shakes, aud the trees above you whisper and shudder. Ono of the giant treos of tho forest, a monster 250ft. .high, 25ft. through at the base, and hundreds of years old, lias fallen where it lias Btood for centuries. , ' " In former letters I have told you my adventures by day and night. What I have written above are experiences apart. They have nothing to do with you or you with them. But these sounds of night ill the primeval forest are more impressive, more full of awe, and brings one nearer to realising what space and eternity must be like thau all else I have heard or seen. " I am writing this here partly to kill time. I am so excited at finding myself within arm's length of what I panic for that I can not sleep. I thought 1 should bo calm and collected. I find myself nothing of the sort. You remember how you and I plotted to bo calm and collected at our leave-taking, and how neither of us acted the part very jier- fectly 1 I am now about to meet tliis legacy, which means everything to me, and I am not so much at ease as I expected to he." "By some strange freak of the mind I have settled that I shall go homo from this £7000 richer than I came. Nothing could he more absurd than for any man to permit himself to give thought to such senseless presentiments. But I have so little control over tlio sum I always receive in imagination that 1 find myself arranging matters at Fur- bam and in the Isle of Dogs as if the money ; were in the Bank of England for me. " But there ! I will write no moro to you now. You will have a fine budget when tliis gets to Muscovy Place, for I iiope to add particulars of San Pedro to- morrow. I shall bo there by noon, and between that and dark ness I shall find out how things stand. I ought to bo able to form a very fair estimate df now near tlio £7000 I shall got. "I know nothing about the laws of this country. I cannot say what time will bo necessary to establish my rights. I thought it best to see my uncle's place first, and pick up all I can gather about it on the snot before taking legal steps of any kind. I have no doubt that it will be necessary for me to go to Guatemala again. I suppose all things are done best from a capital. Anyway, I am pretty sure to rcacli London in two months or nine weeks from this. "Now, I will really stop! audi expect the next part of this letter, the finish of it, will be written from Arthur Stebbing's house in San Pedro." "San Pedro. "I have been waylaid in the woods. I escaped with nothing but my life and the clothes I wear. I am not wounded or hurt in any way but my pocket. "Sinco my uncle's death there havo been desperate doings here. His bouse lias been plundered and burnt down by the Mestizoes. All Iiis wealth consisted in herds, and his herds have been driven oft'. I have been trying to find out if there is a chance ot re covering any of his property. There is 110 chance whatever. ( " It is a week since 1 wrolo the earlier hart of this letter. During that week I have made certain there is no chance of re- ebvering any of Arthur Stebbing's property. One penny of it can never be got back. The Mestizoes, or half-castes, are tlie most cowardly and revengeful ivrctelies oil earth. They had a grudge against the old man, and they took delight, after their savage nature, in reducing everything of his that would burn to ashes. No one but Arthur Stebbing and his ser vants lived at Sail Pedro. _! lis servants themselves led the pillage. When I arrived here ! found solitude. I cumo alone and unable to speak the languago of the pcopio, if any people happened to be here. There was not a soul but one old Indian, to whom the dead man had been kind. This old Indian can speak a little English, and from him I learned all I know. " The old Indian has hidden me, and pro mises to get this letter forwarded to Vera Paz for post. Ho says that an attempt to go back to Vera Paz would be certain death for me. When we wero attacked on tlie way hero I escaped instant death by tumbling into a gully and lying stunned there for liours. Tlicy thought I lied been killed. Sinco I got here they have heard of my escape, and aro watching tho way back to Vera Paz. It is 12 niilcs..froin tills to that, and if I stirred in that direction I should bo set upon and dispatched. " I cannot slay here with safety more than a few liours. The old Indian promises when it is dark to put me on a track which will tako mo away from the men who seek my life. I shall do my best to save my life, though I scarcely know why. J ''or me all is lost. Thu money I borrowed to come out hurc cannot be paid back in the timo .speci fied. Perhaps Wrigliton and Fry would give mo moro time. F.vcii if tlicy do it would tako years to pay tliem off. I am writing to Siiorwin about tlio business part of tlio affair. I enclose my letter to you for him. YVill you please give it to Him ? I havo to writo you about another aspect of the matter. ,, , , " Having, in the way f tell you above, been despoiled and beggared and left stranded and helpless in an unknown and uncivilised land, no man could do less than instantly release from your engagement. I do not think I need say a word more than that from f lie moment you get this letter 1 look on you as free. 1 will not say anything to you about iny feelings. You will have no means ot communicating with me, because 1 can giu, vou no notion of where to write. If I reach British Honduras alive, I will write you from there, and if I reach England alive, I will call 11)1011 you. Good-bye, and may Cod bless you, Kilii.h Orr. " Yours ever most sincerely, "John Crane. Edith Orr, standing inside tho glass rlom at Muscovy Plu< e, bad begun reading Crane's letter at the point headed '.van Pedro." When she caino to the signature, she became unconscious, sbo know not -why or how. It was at this timo that Joaters, seeing something was wrong, ran across tho street, and as lio oponcd tho door, received her in his arms. Joaters carried her to tho room behind tlio shop, and laid her on tlio couch. Mrs. Orr, in great excitement and alarm, hastened n£ well as she could from behind the counter, and began employing means for reviving tlio unconscious , girl. Jeuters ran out to a chemist for smelling salts and sal volatile. While ho was away Edith opened her eyes, and to tho widow's great joy, spoko :— "Did I faint, mothor?" "Yes, darling, but what sent you off I do not know. Drink a little of tliis water. Mr. Fancourt is gono to the chemist for some thing to do you good." " Mr. Fancourt ! How did he come here ?" "I am sure I don't know, Edio. I think it must have been for his watch or portman teau. What gave you a turn, dear ?" " It must have been the had news from Jack. He has been robbed of every penny ho had with him. Ho will never get any money in that dreadful place he went to, and lie cannot pay back what lie borrowed in tho Citv beforo he went away, and lie may bo sold up at Water-lane." With a groan the old woman fell on a chair. " And lie lias given me back my engage ment. He says I am free." Tho old woman covered her face with her apron, and rooked herself to and fro on her chair. She was speechless with sorrow, and helpless with fear. Sho dreaded what was going to happen next. She would not havo been surprised if the roof foil, or the ground oponcd, or tho river burst its bounds. "He has no money for coming back to England, nor can any bo sont to him, for ho lias no address. His life is in danger. Tlio savagCB of tho place lio is in would kill him if lie attempted to go back the way he came, and be will try to got away by another route, and with no money in his pocket." " Oh, oh, oh 1" groaned tho poor mother, rocking herself to and fro. " Oh my Edie, my darling ono, my heart bleeds for you. I wish I could die for him. And we have no ono that could lend lis money." "Money would be no use to us now. If wo had all the gold in the mint we couldn't send liim a shilling, for we do not know whore ho is. This letter has been more than a monty coming, and he lias been travelling away from where he wrote it all tlio time. "But if wo had somo money now we could give it to Mr. Shcrwin for W atcr Lane, and prevent that from being sold up," said Mrs. Orr, taking down her apron under tlio ill- spiriting feeling that soinctliingimightyet be dono by them for John Crane, lier daughter's man. " But, mother, I do not think Wrigliton and Fry will do anything harsh. Jack told ine they wore always most friendly, and that tlioy had more than once hinted he could have money of them for business pur poses. When we hear from him next, I am sure Ml'. Shorwin will be able to arrange about the borrowed money, and to borrow as much more as Jack will need for the journey home." Even in tlie few seconds since her awakening, hope had begun to cheer tho breast of tlio girl. " Hush, dear, there is Mr. Fancourt come back \with the tilings ho went to tho chemist's for." Ethel sat up as Jeuters entered the room. " What," lie cried, with a smile of pleasant astonishment, "you able to rise already! This is astonishing ! But_ you positively must not make too bold. You really must rest a good while, and you must — mind I say yon must — swallow this." He poured out sometliing into a glass, put tlio glass in her band, and insisted on her taking the draught. "Naturally, Mrs. Orr, you wonder what brought me hero to-cfay. Well, to tell you the truth in a few words, I was in the city, anil I heard a piece-of news which made mo think of watches and optical instruments, and that put me in mind of my own watch, which I have for weeks forgotten to claim. Then I thought of my poor dilapidated old portmanteau with my clothes and tlio clothes-line that isn't mine. So I resolved to call and get my properly. You know I am a close neighbor? Ob, you don't know. Very well. Anyway I am a close neighbor. Miss Orr, you are looking much better now, but you must rest an hour or two." IIo turned from the girl to the mother. " Mrs. Orr, I suppose you heard tlio news to which I refer ?" "No." " Wrigliton and Fry, tlio great opticians and instrument makers on the Viaduct, are bankrupt. What's tlie matter, Mrs. Orr? Miss Orr, I hope you don't feel us if you wero going to faint again?" Edith had stood up, and pale as a ghost, was staring at him with distended eyes. CHAPTER XXXIV. -Frank Jeaters Crosses tub Road. Frank Jeaters had not that day arrived on the scene at Muscovy-placo merely by coin cidence. Although he I mil not culled nt Orr's or shown himself much in tiie neigh borhood sinco becoming a lodger of Cress- well, tho tobacconist's on tlio other side of the Furliam-road, he had not been neglect ing to keep au eye on tlie affairs of tho little household opposite. It would, he bad told himself, be a thou sand shames and a thousand pities if now, after all lie had gono through for love of Edith Orr, she wero to slip through His fiiigors into tlio arms of an cvery-day mechanic liko this insignificant, plain-look ing, unattractive Crane. From that awful night in the St. Vincent tlio Thames had given up nothing, and now if anything did reach tlie slioro it would bo as unidentifiable as though it bad lain in tlio water a thousand years. He jiad nothing to dread any longer from tlie river. In fact, by the day lie found himself once moro across the threshold of No. 8 ho had com pletely conquered his dread of tlio river, atid had even begun to lose the vivid con sciousness that the Thames hud ever been a source of torror or throat to ltiin. At ordinary times Jeaters might bo counted tlio most incurious of men. But from tlie moment Crcssweil informed him that Edith was engaged to Crane he became interested not only in Crane Himself, but in Crane's fortunes also. Crcssweil told hiui Crano had been bor rowing money oil the Water-lane business of Wrigliton and Fry. A friend of Cresswell's bad seen ail account of tlie transaction in a paper devoted to mailers of tho kind. Crcssweil also told Jeaters that Crane had taken Shcrwin into partiiersliixi. It was not until after Crano had left the country that J oaters learned these facts, and very soon after hearing of them lie caught the rumor that "Wrigliton and Fry wore ill a bad way, and that their insolvency might be expected at any moment. Jeaters know next to nothing of business, Hut lie guessed that if anything huppened to Wrigliton and Fry, Crane and Co. would he in a bad way. if the crash came before Crane returned things most likely would be worse for Crane and Co. than if the principal of that firm were at home. "Anyway," as he put it to himself, " if there is a business smash-up while he is absent the ridiculous engagement may be broken off, and I might reappear with ad vantage. Thu best time for nic to turn up again over the road would bu when I can be of somo use, and by that timo the novelty of the engagement will have worn oil", and tlio ubsenco of Crane will have loosened his hold on the old woman, for, of course, there is no use in considering the girl herself had any voice in tho selection of such a poor-looking creature for a mate. _ Male ! Why, he isn't worthy to bo her serf !" Another consideration, too, had weighed with Jeaters in keeping him back until now, though lie didn't give this consideration words, or even allow it a recognised place in his mind. He wished a little more time to elapse between this new love-making aud the old love-making, with its ghastly going offut Verdon-plaee. That day in the parlor, when Edith rose from tlie eoticii in dismay, on hearing that Wrigliton and Fry wore bankrupt, his first feeling was one of triumph in iiis own sagacity. This Vas fol lowed by a Jiang of jealousy, for lio could not suppose this young girl was moved so violently as sho now seemed to be over the lucre money aspect of Crane's business. Tliis feeling of jealousy gavo place to a third of love iind pity, it- was dreadful to see this beautiful young girl looking so scared and terrified and helpless. "Oli, Miss Orr," said lie, with real solici- tudo and generous thought of her only, "What is it! What so alarms you ? Can I do anything?" He turned to tlie mother. "Mrs. Orr, whatever lias happened I hope you will look on mc as a frienu. Can I bo of any use?"' " It's dreadful," cried Mrs. Orr, completely prostrated by tlie second calamity following so quickly u)ion the other. " It's dreadful, and to think of that poor young man lost and robbed of everything lie laid by heathen Indians, and all Iiis uncle's property carried off by tliem, and lie without a penny to bring him home ! Oil, it is dreadful, dreadful, dreadful !" and she flung her apron over her head to shut out- the distracting sight. Rhe began swaying her body to and fro once more, to dull her realisation of the new disaster. At that moment the shop door opened and Ben Slierwiu entered in wild liasle. Finding no one in t he shop, lie hurst into the sitting- room and glanced around in dismay, crying, " You have beard all here You have beard that Wrigliton and Fry arc gone ? Ot course, you know if they have jailed, and Crane is not back with that American money before the six months am up, nothing can save ( .raucand Co. being sold up to the last screw- ! ' lien .Slierw'iri was all admirable workman anil a completely honest tcllow, as Crane had said; but as Crane well kpew, Ben llftd no bead for bitcincss b' yonil tho work of the. bench, and it iw not until ha had blurted out unthinkingly, lie reflected that he should havo said nothing without mature considera tion, and it was not until lie bad looked round a second time and saw a stranger that ho knew ho should then havo said nothing at nil. He stood just inside tho door breathless. Ho looked from ono to another with frightened eyes, and kept nervously runnin" the rim of his hat around between his two hands, as if ho wero searching for a well-known break in the riin, and disquieted by not finding it. Mrs. Orr sat groaning and rooking herself. Jeaters stood with Iiis hand on the table looking from mother to daughter.. Ho would havo given all the world for the right to put his arm round that tall, beautiful girl, who, in her moving trouble and pale affright, car ried her head so high and so free. But ho felt in his 'heart of heart that lie was not worthy to oiler consolation to her— that sho would repel him. Could it bo that tliis girl would repel him, the good-looking, tho accomplished, the successful man of educa tion, oirtli, and manners, listen to that other man with no pretensions to good looks or accomplishments, or education, or birth, or manners? Jeaters never felt anything more surely in iiis life than that, no matter what kind of reception this_ stately beauty had given the common artificer, she would repulse him. Why? Could it bo instinct? She was standing by the foot of the shabby, old, hair-covcrcd couch. She stretched out lior hand and caught the mantel-board for support. With an effort which inado licr eyes grow narrow and licr lips tremble, sho controlled herself. She spoke in calm, clear accents, which steadied the restlessness of Ben Sherwin, and mado her mother cease licr moaning aud rocking, aud caused Jeaters, lie knew not why, to catch and hold his breath. "I have just had a letter from Mr. Crano. Ho is on iiis way home. There is plenty of time for him to get hack before anything need be dono about Wrigliton and Fry. Ho told me that his borrowing tlio money from Wrigliton and Fry could not be kept private. It was a matter, lie said, about which there must be little talk. As I mentioned, lie is on his way back now, and will bo hero in time to attend to that affair. Tlio moment he gets here all mutters will be right." " Has lie got His uncle's money ?" asked Sherwin, eagerly. "He is coming back," said she, indif ferently, as though all questions were answered when that was told. Her confidence caused Siiorwin a reaction after His fears of tlie failure in the city. " Oh, I know !" said he joyously, " Jack is coming homo in a special steamboat, like a uiillioniiairc, or perhaps in his own yacht, and He'll tire a salute, and dip his flag as he passes Water Lane, and he'll dip his flag and fire (mother salute as ho drops anchor under Musoovy-place, and is pulled ushorc in the captain's gig." "I had a letter from Mr. Crane this morning," said tho girl, looking full at Sherwin. " This note for you, Mr. Sherwin, canio enclosed in mine." Sherwin eagerly took tiie note she handed him, and was about to open it, when sho said in tlie same level confident tone: — " You can take it with vou. Come to mo in tlio evening when you have read it." That, he felt, was at once his dismissal and his reproof. He bowed humbly, and backed out of the room. _ In tlio sliop he looked critically at the rim of His hat, as if cvon yet he could not satisfy himself there was no break in it. Then lie shook his head at the hat, as though lie felt disappointed with it, put it on his head, as if making up his mind to make the best of the hat, with a sigh, and left tho house for Water-lane. All this pautomimo being rendered into words, meant ; — " Edith Orr did it splendidly, but there s bad news in her letter. Crano did not get any money in America, and, I think, the giii's heart is broken." When Sherwin was gone, Mrs. Orr turned to her daughter, and told how Mr. Fancourt had happened to be at tlio door, coming for his watch and portmanteau when sho fainted, and how he iiad carried licr into the parlor. Tlio girl thanked him, and said, " Your portmanteau is under the couch, and if you will come with me, yon can have your watch. It is in tlio shop." " I have turned up just in tho nick of timo," thought Joaters, as ho followed her. " How magnificently sho took possession of us all, when that idiotic young man was going to read tho history of Crane's disasters and misfortunes. That's the woman I have dreamed of all my life. A woman with a liiuu's firmness, and a woman's tact, and an angel's beauty. Now for getting baok to my approaches abandoned a couple of months ago ! Now for iny first parallel in the siege." "Three shillings," tho girl said, as sho handed him the watch. "And you will charge me nothing for storage all tliis time?" he asked, with a smile. " No," sho answered him, smiling brightly. "Perhaps," he thought, "sho is secretly glad that muddy-nettled Crano is unsuccess ful in America. Porhaps sho is in no hurry for His return. May tho creature never see England again !" "Sometimes a sailor leaves a watch hero for repairs, goes round tho world and comes back in three years for it, and even him wo do not charge storage." " Is tliis hysteria, or acting, or relief at deliveraneo from a man for whom she never had a liking?" thought Jeaters. lie said: "I have nob been quite as far as round tho world since I saw you last on the ferry-boat, Miss Orr. I have taken a couple of rooms just opposite, at Cresswell's. The place does mo woll enough, though," with a shrug ; " people who are very particular might not find it very convenient. I try not to give much trouble. I get my meals brought in — we havo only a charwoman. Of course, I should much prefer this sido of the load, and your charming windows overlooking tho river. Has anyone come to live in your rooms yet?" It occurred to Jeaters that in the face of tlio bad news from the City and America he might now have a bettor chance of getting the rooms lie hankered after because of her who found shelter under the same roof. " The person who wo thought would liko the rooms cannot come, it is true, but still we arc scarcely free to let them. It was for a relative, a cousin of Mr. Crane's, wo wore thinking of the rooms." " A lady or a gentleman?" asked Jeators, politely, partly to show lie was attending, and partly to give Edith time, for lie could see she was ill perplexity. " A lady ; a Mrs. Pol lio " " Eh 1" lie said, with a little start — the name taking him unawares. "A Mrs. Faniiio Blackwood," said Edith, correcting herself hastily. "But it appears Mrs. Blackwood lias an objection to living at cither Verdon or Furliam or at this side of the water hereabouts. So I don't suppose there is any use in keeping tho rooms longer for her." " All," said lie, " I love this side of the river. 1 cannot conceive how everyone does not like this side of the river. Each day I live, of late, I love this side of the river moro and more, and if I could only live on this side of tlio road I should be quite con tent; say I may come." He did not import any sentimental or shy significance into these words. Ho did not intend that tlicy should have any meaning for the beautiful girl beforo him but their obvious and com mon-place inclining. He uttered tlicin merely for tho delight of his own ears, and made . tliem relevant in his own iniud to the beautiful girl before liirn. Edith was trying to make up her mind to say lie might come. What he had volun teered about tlie cord in his valise, tlie cord of which lie could not think sho knew any thing, had been quite satisfactory to her mind. In addition to a feeling of remorse for iier former suspicion, thcro was tlie con sideration that now when Jack was desti tute in a wild part of America, and his business threatened by disaster at homo, every penny became of double, treble, quad ruple value, and last of all there was a kind of pity for tliis fine-looking, gcutlcinun in the hands of Crcssweil and a charwoman, this man who, no matter what may have been his history, was plainly not accustomed to Cress well's rude manner of living and who was not, she would stake her life, a burglar or a thief. "If Jack could only speak to me I know lie would tell mo to take this Mr. Fancourt as a lodger, if it wero for no other reason than that the money is wanted and' lie is no longer a stranger hereabouts, but lias lived for two months directly opposite." ,Slie said aloud, " I'll ask my mother, if you will lie so kind us to wait a moment for inc." He bowed acquiescence. Wait a moment for her ! Ho, Frank .Tenters, wait a moment for lior ! Why, bo bad been waiting all bis life for her, though lie had not met her until a fow months ago I Wait a moment for her! Good Heavens! lle'd wait a year or seven years for her I If ever He placed his foot across that threshold lie felt as certain of success as though be were walking down from the altar with her on His arm. Edith reappeared. " My mother says she will lie very glad if you come, and she said wo will do tiie best wo can for you, Mr. Fan- court." That night Frank Jeaters slept under Mrs, Orr's roof. (To be continued.) 